hello guys are welcome to a new video
we're currently in my toy cupboard yes a
legit have a cupboard full of toys for
video ideas and we have found Butthead I
don't even remember buying this sure are
you ready to play it with a forfeit okay
the forfeit is I know the forfeit I've
got better forfeit than that Oh bro you
don't need it you didn't even eat them
like there we go come on this is the
forfeit nyan ate it well then you need
to stop sucking that yes I do this is
gonna be this is going to be the most
random video I've ever uploaded to this
channel Butthead you ready oh that's
what it member buying it for alvey's
obviously lots of love
Katelyn and libs thank you so much
Katelyn and libs
you must have sent this to me giving it
to me a meet-up or something but I've
got it in my office and we're playing it
for today's video right you put it on
I'm getting these oh my gosh I don't
know how this has ended up being one of
my videos everybody but it has blame it
on Katelyn and lips for sending me
backwards we're getting serious yeah
we're getting serious do you know what
you look like
look in the camera you look like a pilot
right let's go
you look like a pilot right okay I've
got the three balls here you've got that
one stand there
and I'm gonna throw it from here now you
are moving around you can't move around
it's gonna be impossible and you got to
ring shots you got dodge it no it don't
stop your head that's not bad that's not
that's not bad you have to stand still
yeah yeah yeah yeah we'll take turns and
then whoever gets the least on the head
has to eat one of those bugs ready then
you're gonna have to put your head down
a bit
well it's rude rip the link for the
table today but I'll stand here you
stand over there and this will be number
one then we'll take turns we'll do a
couple of different rounds you ready put
it down a little bit dah
damn it
last one oh my god no I didn't get any
of them on your head okay right your
turn no turn and then we're gonna change
up we'll do different distances and
whoever gets the most on the other ones
head wins really sexy and is just
laughing you know that's not fair
alright you heard that Sean alright you
block you throwing them oh nice this is
hard
back here hundreds
I feel like we need to buy some extra
velcro and just literally take the whole
head - okay you have to stand here
somewhere you are yeah sit down as if
I'm reading a book I'm gonna read in
Generation Next okay Jen all right okay
you ready yeah
three two one
whoo that was poor effort Sean oh we
should have warmed up the God's sake
they're gay Yuri Yuri catch police book
mate are you serious
I think you literally there and it just
bounced straight on this is harder than
what it looks all right last one let me
I wish I put it like that putting you
guys down their little tripod okay you
guys stay there
the bass head forward the bow will be
nice you just have to eat what one do
you want to eat there's a crispy critter
crisp honored them all Chris you get is
cricket meal worm or bug I'm gonna go
for a chop that bug you've never a
chocolate bug they're all bugs but at
least this one's got chocolate right
sure that's a better decision I mean if
you want a very that big one oh that's
wrong 1k I bet it would taste good I bet
you it will vicious you eat the big one
God eat the big one what that guy though
the long black I can see his head no
your card right why should I go for this
guy go and then go on there you card
that's not a mouth go on eat yet
no it's not good yeah I definitely do
not want to let get over me whoa again
get that leg away from me was it bad
and common eat your chocolate bug-eyed
you don't want to eat one of them don't
eat dirt he's bullying you taste it
tastes like that nice little chocolate
bug Sean's the bat head head right I
hope you enjoyed the video guys I wasn't
even planning on filming that to be one
of the videos whilst I'm away we're
currently on holiday sure I'm currently
in a trend of losing every single valid
weather do you know what you need to do
yeah
feed me another one we can do one in
your channel and therefore might give
you good luck in your win we can hope no
not hope not for me alright go check out
all the show and stuff I leave always
next and below thank you so much for
watching everybody I hope you enjoyed it
remember there's a new video coming
tomorrow
and check out all the videos that gone
up recently I'll catch you soon good bye
