this morning in the office has been
super busy it's now time to get out
spin my fidget spinner because there's
that I do actually still are playing
with these we need to go and have a fun
festive day
it's bloom in December since this is a
new vlogging camera need to put one of
these funky little hairstyle things you
ready for your new hairstyle hey
although I've just realized that you
can't even see it
time for the first vlog mess Christmas
back flip of the year kicking off the
vlog with the morning back as always
midair for the back flip my camera back
to ran out some just have to put a new
one in I don't know if we caught the
morning backflip but I did it that's the
important thing I did it now to part the
vlog that you guys don't get to enjoy
but it's part of Monday so I'm going to
film it have already enough to blur this
more you can have two black-and-white
this this here is tons of things that
I've bought for upcoming videos this
month to do with Christmas
that are going to be crazy fun but
obviously because they're coming up this
month I can't show you them and leave
what they are but I'm still gonna film
you know just to tease yeah
before we head into town need to eat the
chocolate from my advent calendar day
number five hey you got a little
stocking you ready
let's get going we're going to tell
we're gonna go and have a cute romantic
date for lunch
sorry takes so long to get ready let's
let that keep you bought me that time I
think with some like we had somebody
come to the house today to clean our
cars it's no lemon hack literally like
it's gonna be like sniffing glue
whoa yeah my camera battery's running
out you know yesterday I gave you my may
or may not appointment don't know why I
say that I may or may not have this in
my hand I have bought my drone with me
I'm gonna fly it up and try and get some
cool shots of I'm gonna fly up overbite
I want to try and see if I can get
Christmas lights from above did you know
the snowman is filmed in Brighton
I didn't it's not filmed in writing it's
set in Brighton when the Snowman and the
boy fly yeah they fly over the Royal
Pavilion and the pier oh yeah I think I
knew that she probably watched the
Snowman I was about ten I always put on
the background but then I'm distracted
I would so notice that now about if I
properly watch there no you should get
like that I mean oh no pressure it's
only like a budget a film on budget 100
million and then there's me sat in the
car with the drone go that far
what's the PM ya know near the pier then
yeah
could you get to the pavilion though Oh
Oh put it in the wrong way
I don't know we'll see what happens I
haven't got full charge though so I'm a
little bit worried I think you'll run
off to being in the air but ten ten
minutes outside right if someone just
came into the car pot and ran it over
that's obviously not ways meant to look
like it's not working
oh my god the Downloads over 150
megabytes I have to do it on Wi-Fi no I
literally flew this the other day in
Dubai and it was fine enough to do
another time we just got to work on this
for lunch
Zoey's suggestion
just really so just something like
you've never had before
go on please okay
you have to get a starter that you've
never had before that's all go away back
on the starters sides sides for the
white on the fans start hating on me
they don't disturb me we each have to
get one dish whatever is that we have
not had four you can still get your
normal chicken ramen and then you're
gonna get that you love it on there and
we were joking about that Enzo more
exciting not to so like on but more
exciting than Wagamama I've got my
laptop with me because this morning I
received full plan designs and layouts
and everything of the new office and the
groundskeeper thing is just happening
super super soon but these vlogs are so
regular uploaded so frequently that soon
- you guys means tomorrow isn't
happening tomorrow because the whole
office space at the moment is like a
very traditional looking office with
blue carpets and really low ceilings
it's all being ripped apart ripped out
proper custom being built from scratch
we've got an architect from each in the
happened yesterday morning to design it
all I received second four pounds this
morning
and Sami hasn't seen it yet so I want to
show you are you ready I want to film
your reaction yes you can see their
weather kitchen actual light sinkers and
stuff by the window all of that seating
there that looks like you know the other
seating storage we have added more
deaths into here different shape desks
looks like we've all did more than what
we've got we've got like extra plates
sitting around the place and a Zoey's
mains on the way I went for a new dish
today which Wars I have no idea number
74 I don't know what it is some kind of
capsule curry is it pork katsu curry
looks really good though
four so you don't normally get all of
this on the top thank you how much more
fresh is this food when it's not from
deliver a row that eaten in it's much
more fresh even the size of these
they're so much bigger put this bag on
me in this cold lake oh my god honestly
let let me let me hold you up jump up
and try and hold on you can get that
little one down let take your you in
like this away and you hurt yourself let
me pick you up and you have to hold on
you ready
on the other hand may have to hang
filler coal is
okay very hard holder thing appalled
both arm muscles honestly if that has
been generous that's crazy it's been
snowin oh my gosh it's not really it's
like cleaning stuff from people who
clean the car earlier oh no oh no she's
just had a bath and now we just winding
her up there is no or tea now that no no
no no no that's naughty she's doing it
on purpose
she knows she's not allowed we're
currently going to old new decorations
we've got oh really
oh you know I remember these ones
actually yeah I remember these ones so
we're going to decorate this tree today
if we have time
then we'll decorate that tree as well
but it's already 6:30 in the evening
most important thing is lights and I'm
so glad that last year we took the time
at the end we're taking the lights off
the tree to proper wrap them up around
this around the kitchen roll tube so
there's so much easier to put them onto
this tray we've kind of just realized
that the lights are wrapped this way
meaning that the plug is right in there
so as we're putting them onto the tree
the lights aren't turned on it's going
to be incredibly hard knowing if they're
in the right or wrong place because we
can't turn them on to see I'm gonna have
to do the best we can
three two one we've done half of the
tree and in my head I'm like how last
time they fit perfectly last time we
were in the old house and the tree
wasn't eight and a half foot or nine
foot whatever it is and also the base
was definitely not as big as this so no
doubt we need more lights we can be more
generous up here and then we can do a
whole nother line just a whole nother
we've got the same ones yeah then we can
just do a whole nother batch just for
the bottom half of the tree yeah but we
just might need to get some more lights
for thee where are the other lights oh
wow okay we've got a lot of lights we've
come to the realization that two
separate sets of lights that don't
connect together might not be the answer
because even though we've got the same
lights they're coming up a slightly
different color but also when you've got
them like nicely flashing kind of light
on and off really slowly or a little
pattern yeah those ones look green when
you've got them like flashing half of
the tree is flashing they're different a
different speed of the other half the
drain it's not like a nice interlocked
flash it's like the top half is flashing
on and off when the bottom half is
flashing the opposite
it's not really working how we wanted it
how we wanted it to work we've kind of
got half the tree going a bit crazy
bottom half nothing and ton of lights on
the floor oh and a snoring pug down here
we've got four sets of lights out we've
got we've got greeny colour we've got
nice color here which we think matches
that color and then we've got like
extreme yellow here which doesn't match
ah man I never knew picking Christmas
tree lights and putting lights on the
tree would be this complicated I did say
to Zoey earlier on if you're a couple
and you're doing Christmas tree lights
together and not the decorations the
lights specifically and you don't argue
whilst doing them you're going to stay
together forever like 100% because every
couple I know
Auggie's was doing the lights that
doesn't mean you get break up but if you
cannot argue us doing it then you're
doing something right it's late December
and I'm telling the sleeps wanna wrap
you up food don't care for presents or
treat
handle with mine if you compare Oh his
right
get on
delicious give me kisses
Christmas the fires burning and I filled
up your class won't you hurry I'm in the
the only real test to have left is to
see what it looks like from the outside
oh my god it looks so sick seeing it
through the window looks awesome gets
her in there
Zoey's in there hoovering under the tree
the crazy thing is that that it's just
one of the two trees that we bought
yesterday we've still got this one to
fully decorate and light and do
everything for one down one to go
we still have no food in our fridge
since getting back from Scotland those
Conti fast asleep on the sofa literally
doing that Christmas tree has taken our
food like I'm shooting like a pointless
blog like main channel style video like
sat down during the Christmas tree as
like proper taking out like I'm tired
you know so just on cheesy scrambled
eggs on a bagel and I got some HP and
some ketchup as well yeah you know that
massive box that you saw earlier on in
the vlog that I unbox but I didn't show
you what was in it I was meant to be
filming with that for today's video of
me and Zoe tonight though as fast asleep
so we can tell me it was meant to be
tonight so I guess we're gonna probably
do that tomorrow morning for breakfast
or just gave one little bit of a clue
what is about all I'm gonna say is DIY
days is coming back tomorrow
big Christmassy like going in and it's
gonna be sick this may or may not be the
most classy meal to have with the drink
I'm about to say but I've just made
myself after being in Edinburgh the
other day we had a slow Gin in one of
those slow Gin toddies before going to
Edinburgh I had no idea what a toddy was
or you what slow Gin was I didn't
realize I had had it or even in fact
owner this is our bar cart and
apparently I have a slow Gin so I've
just made myself a slow
and T I'm guessing the reason why we
have slow Gin is because when we had one
of our work parties we had like a big
bar built outside we had like bartenders
to come in and do tricks and everything
like that and when we paid them we
purchased all the alcohols or whatever
amount use you get to keep the rest of
it I'm guessing that was one of the
alcohols where there was like half a
bottle left so we've got to keep there
anyways I've got a triple because it's
such a low ups it's like half the
percent of normal gin so I've got a
triple sloe gin and tonic
that's really good but that is amazing I
don't know how good it's going to be
much easier on bag but that is a major
