hey guys and welcome back to another
video where I'm currently wearing
holiday so instead of a daily vlog
you're getting something a little bit
different now
today I've got a table here there is an
item that's very good on the table let
me go get it give me one second you're
not even going to believe that I bought
this just for this video I mean I'm in a
hotel room and I bought a microwave
yesterday
it arrived today from Amazon just for
this video oh I don't know how I'm going
to get this out yeah
wait this is a pretty good microwave if
I say so myself
right give me one minute I'm gonna plug
it all in I'll see you in a second I've
had to literally I've had to turn it
this way like it legit oh okay I can I
can turn it that much that's as far as
it does let me move you guys a bit so
while ago in one of my daily vlogs I
bought this little like kitchen cooking
packet of how to make miniature cookies
they were literally like this big like
tiny Zoey and I made them you guys
absolutely loved it you literally just
add water and like stir it up it's
really really cool so went online and I
bought yummy nummies mini kitchen magic
and this pack is how to cook mini donut
delights maker it's a doughnut still
like you make 10 mini doughnuts how long
do you think it takes to make these
doughnuts 15 seconds 15 sec takes just
15 how can you make donuts in 15 seconds
I want to know that's what we're going
to do today that's literally why I
bought an act like an actually bought a
new microwave it's always like given to
me or anything legit bought this alright
let's look at the steps let's learn how
to do it remove the trailer packets and
utensils from packaging use scissors to
cut the kitchen magic tray along the
ident are
don't have any scissors um don't know
how this is going to work
you know we've done their exact I mean I
may have had a tiny little accident
there other than that it looks all good
12 of these into that little day one two
nine ten I've got my 12 scoops in here
or vanilla batter powder five of these
of water one I need to mix it up this is
the donut mixture like I wish you could
somehow smell it through the YouTube
video then if you can see that what
we're all mixed up everybody so now we
have to fill trays three and four and
five these ones here these are the donut
shaped raised halfway we've done a
mixture microwave the donut row for 15
to 20 seconds wait one minute before
carefully take out the donut
repeat the step with the remaining
batter I feel number three four five
halfway I think 15 to 20 seconds 15 14
13 12 11 10 done don't accidents are
cooling down up there I'm going to start
on the icing so you get the little icing
target open item packet entry to mix
three round edge scoops of icing and two
square B scoops of water one two three
one oh I just poured so much I'm gonna
have to add some what icing sugar
no it goes purple that's really cool
okay let's see how the dough nuts are
getting on everybody I'm going to try
and take them out let me could you focus
on the dough nuts and the tri-tip not
really gently no way look at that
that is insane I'm going to lay them on
the table then we can decorate them now
we need to get the tiny little miniature
icing bag and snip the corner but I
don't have scissors so I'm going to bite
there now let's put the icing icing into
the little bag
I got a packet of sprinkles just
squeezing all the icing down to the
bottom we need to decorate the dough
nuts I'm not even joking this is sick
I'm just going to go for am just going
to pour the sprinkles all over the table
the three donuts are done right look at
this look at that
look at the three little Donuts I
genuinely think they look really really
cool she like just one banger
shall I go for it you ready please tell
me this was worth buying my microwave
for three two one
honestly like really good like I don't
know how something can be so good that
it takes 50 15 seconds I'm not one to
just in turn order the sprinkles if you
enjoyed this video everybody please give
it a big ol thumbs up to let me know I
know it was a little bit different to
the daily vlogs and stuff that you're
used to but I'm just messing about have
a little bit of fun whilst I'm on
holiday giving you guys some extra
videos I love you so much and I'll catch
you tomorrow with a new video good bye
baby boy what am i doing I've come weird
I've gone crazy on Donuts goodbye
