I'm a little bit nervous for this video
my hair looks awful as well so let me
put hat on this is probably one of my
most requested videos ever and the
pressure is unreal today everybody as
you've seen from the title we are
reacting to the YouTube boy band if
you're unaware of what the YouTube boy
band is me Jim Marcus Joe and Caspar all
formed a joky boy band for this video or
Marcus's channel like years ago it went
absolutely crazy you guys like I don't
even I don't even know why I went so mad
but it literally got millions and
millions and millions of views so Comic
Relief got in touch this was back in
2014 and said by let's make a really
jokey cover of McFly song it's all about
you so we went to a studio we recorded
the song and I mean some of us can sing
some of us me we can't see so as a
complete joke we went to a studio and
shot like a crazy high production videos
whether it was like cameras on creams
like bigger than my house he was insane
so today I honestly don't even know the
last time I watch this I remember
watching it for the first time and I was
like this is insane like the quality is
unbelievable
but it's so like cringe and jokey and
fun like it's too much to deal with so
I've got it full screen on my laptop we
are about to watch it let's watch it
together and just just have a chat just
see what we think okay we're just going
to watch it through one watch the rope
okay let me turn it up three oh my gosh
this is us actually singing why am i
doing this why am i bringing this back
to life this is so embarrassing two one
this job that sure is sick I love that
shot look at that oh-oh-oh do sportively
this was sick this was such a fun this
is such a fun day oh my god
Casper is my favorite in this video sexy
white suits yes gasps oh my gosh
the memories the feels listen to how low
I sung this I didn't realize how high
everyone was singing because we all
recorded individually and I sung it solo
yes Jeff doesn't Jim look like the guy
from that music video Who am I thinking
of
here's the dots routine
yeah the amount of time so we were
trying to cover up different sayings for
that bit there and they were just
ridiculous Joe's actually like good at
singing though like it's actually good I
suppose
jolin's already like Zoey can sing as
well look at that we're gonna get cheeky
it's so cute oh my gosh this this just
makes me so happy I'm filming this video
now it like that oh my gosh oh my gosh I
forgot about the pillow fight I think
they left it in when I got slammed so
hard in the face maybe it was run off
dancing looking
you
I miss that so much guys the YouTube
boyband was just sick like watching that
I'll leave a link to it down below
watching that just brings me so much joy
like it's just a laugh it's so cringe
it's so funny that half of us can't sing
half of us can sing I can't sing for
sure boys if you're watching let's get
in a hotel room let's get this book this
hotel room that I'm in now filming this
video and let's just do another one
let's just mess about let's do another
one guys if I don't know if you've
enjoyed the video if you like the
YouTube boyband you want us to come back
give the video a thumbs up go check out
the video if you haven't already it just
raises a ton of awareness and money for
Sport Relief but I will catch you with
the next video tomorrow gooo probably we
can have one else up in the hotel
goodbye good night good night goodbye
