you know faith yes I literally have no
idea what this is a super hour trying to
save their life
hello everybody I'm here with Sean and
poppy is behind the camera and what
we're about to do is a super old
challenge I've done it before
Tanya we are doing the cotton wall ball
challenge shut with the wool ball jela
dirt I literally have no idea what we're
a packet of these each you have to see
how many you can eat I'm not I suppose
it is a cotton wool that's a challenge
I'm not gonna consume them yeah no
they're not bad your plan its trouble
anyway thanks for watching every Monday
no seriously I writes the challenge is
it it sounds so stupid it's so stupid I
need to take one of these out okay put
them all in here we'll just put tons in
there okay split them up a little bit
you have to blindfold this out that is
why we've got this so we're going to
take it turns put this on our head and
we'll put it down over all right okay
you have to hold this and with a spoon
or manage to move the cover a ladle but
there we go with this spoon you have to
put as many as you can of your eyes good
yeah I've got this yeah five go Z your
three goes each got this already
yeah the spoons a little so then if it's
a good one little okay
should I'm gonna first okay yeah yes I
do it really slowly all right and you
chef's see how many you can get but I
honestly don't think I'm gonna be able
to put anything on the spoon look at
that what you a mountain of got mobile
yeah that's easy okay we going yeah
like properly over my head yeah can you
see no okay that's good so hold the
plate on your head where is the play
yeah
yes
I can't breathe guys can't breathe I
mean it's not a fashion show is it you
know all the day no no no yeah you hold
it you like you're all right okay part
of your hand take the spoon over that
elbow you are hit you bites you have to
spoon them and put it on here I've got
here hey never
where's the bowl is here up a little bit
lower hold the end of the spoon yep so
this is fact it oh you have to hold
right at the end
oh yeah you get like a scoop and then
you have to put it on your head okay one
two the bulb again right when I but you
have to find it go I find that by scoop
on already little bucket but you've got
them all on your bloomin plate we can
vote you know wondering that we get what
we get oh that's three scoops for fun
don't use your hand
no cheat in row oh that was good wait
wait let me put some more in being
there's not many in here let other ten
spit out there you go wait wait wait
I'll freshen it up for you freshening up
Oh God nothing like a lot scoot broke
right can I live how many do you think
you've got none you don't think we're
using five scoops your knife full of
them look I can feel it they're lighter
than air it's like I was literally
scooping up nothing now popular no wait
my eyes took like so are you just good
that's good
William are you scary four five six
seven eight Sean got edged it in five
shoes well how many do you think you're
gonna do 52 52 your day is pretty
confident isn't it yeah well mr. Boies
the bowl where if they don't you had to
know
father you got serious limit I got it
okay oh okay wait every guy here we go
there we go that's one guy how many get
hired I have I've got five okay see
that's one I don't know if I can build
them guys no no that's okay yo that's a
bigger I got run there three I think I
missed yep
how do you do that you can see Hardy
you're one with the phone I'm okay oh
how many dragon I reckon I got six have
it oh boy I've got quite a few in did
well
one two three four five six seven eight
no we need to do deathmatch
okay deathmatch we get to use the big
ladle not the small one the big one one
scoot eat one scoop each you ready yeah
let's put them all back in those rice
there's the later one set who put them
all back in label right there you just
emptied ever hanging out there I'll take
your place of course I have an x-ray
willing out there all right you ready
I'm ready for three two one go oh I'm
promise you Lola you can look now I'm
filling it all that blood I believe you
what you don't even see the gate I
promise you I promise you I felt that
there you go oh yeah oh yes hey guys
there you go there you can feel that
okay there you go
I give up oh it's so bad oh my God look
how many I got
he's got dark gonna wake this up so I go
you did that without this wonderful Emma
neck is that I'll still beat you with
this 130 why there you go as a ladle
don't worry about me
oh you're gonna give me like a fork or
something is it done yeah I still
believe me I - oh I'm not very good at
this game
oh my gosh right so you won that one
I could buy two by two points there's
definitely no cheating going off right
serious part key until it fit out put
that blindfold on like we're gonna play
properly like you have five guys like we
did die guys what where are you I'm over
here over here don't go I'm serious
there you go take that but use this
what's deep in that one my sure is that
what no no one looks clearly ah I see
good eye on each bed hurry up okay go
ahead
Oh were you eating notice to either oh
come on
a green one oh damn a glass a bar
three Tony what body no hands oh I get
Big Apple like being serious be careful
on your head you should have a little
bit there you go I don't know might not
be gavel-to-gavel me don't come here you
got you got that one
no I do you no wonder you sneaking out
of your finger well I'm sorry what is it
again oh let's do all right I only
wanted to play because you wanted to eat
them come on
I enjoyed the video guys get a thumbs up
I leave all that details down below you
go subscribe to them go subscribe to
Poppy's Channel yeah way she doesn't
have 100
Shh Rory geyser is an ugly video bye bye
right babe
