good morning guys good morning how you
doing today is a big day it is an
important day not because I'm going to
holiday tomorrow morning and I finally
finished all of my packing and
everything is all ready to go
but more importantly because today
today's the day that I'm going like I
can't believe I'm saying this it's just
ridiculous I'm going to Buckingham
Palace me little old me I'm going to
Buckingham Palace Buckingham Palace but
crazy I'm not just going for like a
random afternoon tea with the Queen
however that would be amazing if you're
watching the Queen I would love to go
for an afternoon dip no but being
serious guys I'm going down today to
Buckingham Palace for the Queen's young
leaders program which if you don't know
is to support and celebrate exceptional
young people from all across the
Commonwealth so the winners of the
prestigious award are going to be there
today
they've been flown from wherever they
live over to Buckingham Palace right
they are going to be so exciting like
they just won such a prestigious and
important award and today is the day to
celebrate that to congratulate them for
do all of the amazing work they've done
and I've been invited along to just come
along chapter some of the amazing
individuals and just film it and show
you guys like I am the very first person
to ever be allowed to vlog properly not
just like put a snapchat picture
actually vlog inside Buckingham Palace I
printed up some details of one girl in
particular who apparently watches these
videos so hello if you're watching I'm
going to go me ed today we can have a
chat with varying the vlog and
everything like that and a load of the
other people they've done amazing stuff
but I just wanted to let you know a
little bit about one girl in particular
where is it
I thought I printed it off I'm just
looking out but I need to stop
I've just seen that I've got twenty two
minutes until my car picks me up to take
me to take me to Buckingham Palace and
I'm kind of in a vest and since you
what with a beanie on I've got my suit
here all nice and clean and ready and
ironed and everything and my tie and my
belt and then I need to actually do my
hair and make myself look presentable
because at the moment I look like this I
don't really want the Queen seeing me
like this
I'm already I haven't got my tie on
because I've got like a two-hour car
journey now so I don't really want to
put my tie on my suit jacket on just yet
but these runs on thought they're a bit
smarter and this is what I'm wearing
thank you I love why do you see all
right this is crazy though because this
is the last time I'm gonna be at the
house until we go away I know and I'm
wearing like a suit I can't even bend
down for you so look at my bag with me
and everything this is all my stuff for
holiday one bag two bags three bags
clothes the airport and my main suitcase
oh my gosh alright you're gonna come and
say goodbye I'll see you tonight at mom
and dad's tonight you don't wake me up
oh don't get makeup on me I'm not makeup
on cut out the kiss you guys missed that
no kissing in the vlog where's my baby
I'm not gonna see you until we get back
from holiday you sad
don't be sad they open it not my suit
please oh she really wants to get me
good mm-hmm
see you later oh yeah oh you're leavin
her tonight we gonna cry do you think
you're still gonna have fun no and
you're gonna be with buzz longest you've
ever been away from her for you're gonna
have fun you can have so much fun every
day goodbye Oh goodbye Nala
missed you and just mind me my high heel
sounded juice ha ha perfect thank you
I'm officially in London everybody I was
aiming to blog in the car kind of fell
asleep for the entire journey but don't
worry just come to pick up Alex and
we've got the past to go in the front of
the car to drive into the palace I have
no idea how to do my dice the drivers
the drivers nicely drove my tie up form
here on his neck that he's going to pass
it over
thank you so much I didn't realise those
are fancy not bad today thank you so
much
the tie is on everybody and I remember
early on I was telling you about a girl
that I'm gonna hopefully meet today and
and I said that I text it to myself
from my work phone and I've got a fan I
finally found her story so her name is
Jessica jus Hirst and she basically
started from reading off of here so that
I don't get it right she started
volunteer and she watches the videos
that's what I was specifically saying
her story and all about her she started
volunteering in an NGO camp in NGO camps
at the age of 15 at the age of 15
supporting refugees young people and
children living with HIV and AIDS and
victims of physical emotional and sexual
abuse at the age of 15 80s became the
youth coordinator for the Edmund Rice
Network the South Africa as you do at 18
hopefully get to meet you today we can
have a chat about everything you've been
working so hard on never think you've
accomplished and you're so young and of
course I really meet tons about the
young people who've got similar amazing
stories and that is why everyone is
there but currently then where we are
we're somewhere stuck in the rain in
traffic here we go
for this
I'm officially in the building and in
Buckingham Palace haven't been allowed
to film too much so far because while
other areas restricted as you can
understand we just just had out the
ceremony now and the Queen its Harry
just sit down but sitting there in front
of us and added like this crazy she was
so smiley she was so like chatty talking
to everybody it was awesome and that
we've just come in to another fancy room
I don't know it's also not got an
official name badge which apparently
means that the Queen knows your name if
you have a name badge so check out this
room everybody over there is a Queen's
young lead and the Queen's about walking
in a second and have a picture and a
parody I'm allowed to film them so
in a minute in this blog we may have a
shot this is crazy
look at the scale of this room look at
the ceiling
it is so bye unbelievable and then with
it all the young leaders are over there
sitting down I'll let their way bed
three
Oh
love
this is literally ridiculous what how's
it going very well thank ya I was
thinking I wanted to know compared to
last year
talk to your love life
what the different
there is much difference of
different young leaders here but apart
from that you know it's very inspiring
to be here to see the excitement Audion
meters and obviously here we've come at
just means
I've been reading up some of the stories
of some of the people they're here today
is unbelievably such a young age from
the soma very secret only do read in
some of the stories of what they've
achieved such a young age it really is
inspiring you
while your life of my children
straight in
like the drive like that they've gotten
themselves
thank you so much what I'm getting
involved in everything pleasure
I think is what incredibly busy Wow very
low Beckham's getting swarmed over there
so although I'm going to stop filming
I'm not allowed to film as soon as I
leave this area so you know I send you
early on about Jessica I'm finally
bugged into her and she carries some
more about herself so what were you just
saying sorry we were just talking and
then I was like wait
I've rudely interrupted you can I
quickly grabbed my camera and we can
talk about this there we go as you are
tell everyone a bit about yourself what
you do first just in case I think I said
it all right earlier but you can set
yourself so I founded the Edmund Rice
Justices which is a human rights
organization and we advocate educate and
equip in the field of Human Rights in
South Africa Zambia and Zimbabwe so we
educate people especially vulnerable
communities to go out and use their
voice and their power to change the
world and we also Lobby the United
Nations government's everyone like that
to protect the rights of honorable
people that's the meeting you're good at
saying that and that's why I've just won
the award they have trained us what were
you saying what you said before about my
videos or something that well first I
came off the stage and they said to me
you did I said I met and they said the
Queen and I said I love you didn't so
that was amazing
and but there's a lot of negativity in
South Africa and when it comes to role
models we have a lot of gang violence
and dementia
can you Cynthia I work with a lot of
Honorable youth who I fix it by gang
violence and what we do is what kind of
age groups drug with all age groups so
from a little Bubba's show you to use to
adults
everyone but specifically for this
program it's 13 to 18 and what we do is
because we finally they struggle to find
good role models but also get to the
labor tables because they tend to get
like a negative messages you need to be
this to value yourself be able to be the
stood out yourself so what we do is we
show you your videos and we share
service videos of me like embed blog in
mesoamerica Township in the middle of
pilot chair where these I used to come
over and visit a mr. Lee up we have this
no story yeah and little screen all the
kids Crowder on the screen and they're
like what are we watch ed were yeah good
morning guys they go but just it's so
amazing because you guys always talk
about loving yourself and about kind of
seeing your value and realizing the
power of your voice and just being proud
of who you are you are and this isn't
our youth journey often and I think what
today
sarandon in a world with is a lot of
negativity and a lot of people saying
you need to look this way or feed this
way you do this do that yeah I feel like
particularly user I have been incredibly
powerful message which is you are just
amazing as you are and our kids love it
and they cut like every week they call
me to a trivia I think when you get to
watch them two men I'm like I wanna be
you are so welcome I will yeah South
Africa you have to always try to get me
down to South Africa and I promised him
I'll go yeah yeah if I come over because
I think Joe and Caspar are going over
yeah and I really want to go if I'm
around I will take you into the
townships will protect you no more yeah
I will take you in allocation to meet
the kids and they will die it may feel
good have you got any like details on
that I can like link down below for what
do you do well our website is
www.antakungfu.com
one amazing is out there I I can't
believe it actually this is like a dream
you have the busiest wait Jessica
solutions the busiest way you get to
turn down a tree as well
Downing Street or into Cambridge we got
I got to have a good debate with the
to national development which is nice as
you do you know African resources and
protecting vulnerable groups so that was
good and now I'm just I'm just so
excited about how positive every token
in yet what's going on or are you still
just like the Queen literally she was
like so what do you do and I was like
what do I do
and then yeah but she was amazing and
she said you know keep up the great work
and I was just like yeah alright you're
gonna do it
yeah gonna go back are you ready to go
back you heard Elfi nice coming from
Africa yeah I will
oh yeah you know honestly I T well I'll
follow you on twitter and we can chat
about when I can come over again well
yeah that'll be awesome I don't know II
love it I love it thank you saw no gore
alright everyone be sure to go check out
all of the stuff I've just been told
everything sounds absolutely amazing
Mike on member-owned it I wouldn't be
upset as well so I let you say it
yourself okay yeah
and everybody check it out hi I'm
lieutenant rain from Ghana
I'm a co-founder from the manager of an
organization called young love and our
mission really is to connect you to the
life-saving information right now we
have a one-hour intervention
are really focuses on something
over 35,000 presume the knowledge gap
and we using evidence to do this program
first worked in Kenya 10 years ago and
the results show that introduced during
pregnancy by tweeting and now we have
localized into the broader context and
have delivered it almost to
crazy like unbelievable work where can
everyone check it out
our website is www.pevs.com and also
facebook nameless young love out where
the handle is x1 love but remember the
love is one of you not just ya know why
don't me again amazing deck out the size
of this mirror oh my gosh like
everything oh the pottery is just
unbelievable the finish look at that
we've got bumped into coming to visit
how's it going on properly you should be
found impossible you use it doesn't
surprise me that you're here so when I
walked in and I would unite around her
so you sit down I was like of course of
course yes I am being worried enjoyed it
yeah extremely I
I knew it would be ground yeah but I
didn't know it'd be this ground but have
you said already
I mean it's lovely
the cleaning process don't want to think
yeah also one thing that shot me won't
let anything have young guests new
method winner
as soon as that we moved in you have to
be silent imagine me hello and only
Silas just followed you everybody knows
it's quiet but quietly did she see
that's sad but although it was
absolutely
I think she took a selfie no she didn't
know she did all right we've got another
young leader and I'm not again I'm not
going to try and explain what she does
I'm gonna leave it down to you you can
explain and tell everybody the amazing
work that you do
hi everyone my name is Gong Jon I'm from
Ann Cooper Canada as you can tell by the
meeple we love it it looks so good I
love your dress thank you very much
amazing great oh yeah um so so I work in
the nonprofit community within Vancouver
and the work I do is really empowering
nonprofits through digital media so what
I'm doing is I'm making videos to help
yeah probably on the seams go busy of
course very different kind of video haha
yes so the topics that we talk about in
these videos just to give you a sense
yeah for sure something is things like
you know LGBTQ rights perfect like
violence against immigrant and minority
women and children who witness violence
things like senior support and even not
only seniors but also their caregivers
and the support that they need and also
things like youth mentorship HIV
positive community so really and I just
feel my day you're making me feel bad
yeah yeah I need to change my kind of
videos guys from tomorrow
just talking about how to make the world
a better place and that's exactly what
the videos are trying to do raise
awareness about these nonprofits that
are so entrenched in the community doing
such great work but really not having
the time the Expo
the means to talk about it yeah young
people I guess I think we're really
quite equipped to we have a natural kind
of comfort with video and kind of
digital media we know intuitively how to
engage with kind of younger audiences
and so using that kind of skill I'm a
medical student by the way so I don't
know yet in in digital media all I've
known is going on on the floor and you
know on the ground so that's what I've
done I've got any I haven't got any
qualifications indeed successful zone is
amazing here so I've only worked with
ten nonprofits in Vancouver so far only
ten only yeah
but I'm hoping to kind of take all of
these learnings take all of that and
leaving people of masa connections are
made from around the world and take them
back to Vancouver in Canada first of all
tell people about this amazing program
yeah almost so share their learnings
you're some of the to tips and tricks
I've learned share some of the expertise
and really empower the community there
to help themselves
yeah so an you know video like you know
it's such an effective way of engaging
people instead of reading a short blurb
online if you hear somebody talking for
30 seconds their expression their
genuineness their passion really comes
through yeah
and so you know that's what we're trying
to do hopefully I mean through these
connections is there any way is there
any way that these guys can check them
out yes yes so please go to the BC 2 1 1
dot see a website so BC 2 1 1 is an
information and referral line it's a
24/7 you can call 2-1-1 but it's really
for longer term issues such as addiction
homelessness thing is that just in
Canada that's encouraged to let me out
and yeah yes it's
nine-one-one in the sense it's kind of a
PowerPoint yeah but not just for current
needs but also for longer to long-term
amazing so hopefully I'm going to
Ontario next close to Toronto for
medical love to love Toronto love it
please come visit oh well and if you do
come we need to log together I mean yeah
it's good I was just speaking to to
another gal a minute ago talking about
going to it yeah yeah all right we're
definitely I mean I'm just gonna end up
like next year just like traveling
around to meet everybody today please do
please do visit yeah well if I if I come
back and I'll let you know sure please
do absolutely yeah yeah thanks very much
for talking is there anywhere that these
guys can check out your work yeah have
you got a website about what you do you
know what could work right small but now
that we've learned some whatever they
can do go check it out yes it's called
the digital storytelling project and if
you go BC to 100 see a sash digital
storytelling project and you could kind
of find stuff or if you just Google BC
2-1-1 digital storytelling project
things should pop up and yeah please
share the videos see the videos these
organizations are very small they're
doing amazing work and they really need
to kind of reach out to their the people
who need help so that's what we can do
go share the videos and everything like
that Anthony is so lovely to meet you
cause thank you we like the last ones in
the room everyone is literally gone
everyone is gone I hope you haven't
missed a dinner or something that you're
meant to be out know you have a know you
have a has she missed the bus that's why
okay no you know you have an oh my god
I'm sorry everyone you have to go check
out oh wow she's just missed her bus
were you anything oh my gosh are you
anything take care see you later we are
leaving the palace your it has been a
crazy day am I allowed to film in this
part here
apparently I might be we're just gonna
have to wait and see
I can't get over all like the VARs or I
feel like I need to speak push me when
I'm here like a vase look at the stairs
apparently this is all right and
probably shouldn't be saying this
apparently this is all real gold it's
gold leaf so this behaves called plastic
so you can't touch it
but that bit doesn't
hi there's my driver who's over here yo
look at this courtyard it's crazy like
we're just getting in the car try not to
rip my jeans now I got jeans message I
like wearing a suit you know I mean it's
not much comfortable but it makes me
feel feel the part thanks for doing my
tire you saved me you saved me
look at this everybody this is my
official invite to the palace
apparently the Queen actually wrote that
okay goodbye
you
