no no my was maybe new dude I'm
currently trying to pack all of my
camera gear ready for the holiday I have
no idea what to bring because obviously
I'm not vlogging it however I do want
obviously take some lovely images some
lovely videos to edit with some nice
music I want to take my drone so this is
one going with so far microphone cheeky
or Cameron Lee Agri Samsung 360 camera
with the s7 30ml lens 2470 5d Mark 3
waterproof housing for my g7 X which is
what I'm using now of course you need
one of these from the plane so you can
all share the music on videos that
you're listening to DJI phantom 4 5d
charger waterproof UE boom speaker
haven't sorted this bit out yea but it's
basically these are Lou's of like pills
for my chest hurts Renee and two GoPros
car keys spare batteries double go pro
charger little fan that you plug into
your phone some of these are always good
little clips to have charger for my
speaker my camera bag here and then
through here I've got my drone bag I
need to grab this as well oh crap
and may or may not have four bags to
take back to the car this is absolutely
ridiculous I don't know how I'm going to
be able to get on this flight I'm gonna
have to pay for like two extra bags to
take on it'll be worth it I'm not I told
you guys that I'm not working and I'm
not filming stuff whilst from there
which I'm not I'm not going to do any
like talking to camera but I'm going to
film some like nice artsy little shots
and little videos and stuff and I might
upload them to YouTube I might just keep
them for me and my family not really too
short but I'm gonna film it's not really
really nice stuff but I'm just not going
to be like vlogging talking to camera I
probably will put it on YouTube
in fact I definitely will put it on
YouTube but I'm just gonna film some
like nice artsy shots that's what I've
got my drawing and my big camera
like I don't even know I don't know this
is the last time I'm coming to the
studio to the office before I go away so
let me just quickly check that I've got
everything have I got all my stuff I
think I have goodbye goodbye when I'm
saying goodbye but Andrew see ya I'm
just hoping to see the office and I'll
probably get a text magic with Alfie
you left your mobile here and now you're
in Greece my other 500 cameras after you
left all your cameras here geez goodbye
farewell guys this isn't even funny
I just rested my ticket in this little
crease here whilst to turn the engine on
and the screen when you turn the engine
on comes up and it sucked my ticket down
low you can hear a listen I let me turn
the air con off and I close the window
Zach listen to this guy's what tickets
in every closes this bit so I can't keys
your seat
where is it we're trying to get it out I
don't in the weight of the paper is
gonna blow wait listen it's pretty stop
now it's under the bonnet oh I can see
it
it's me let hold that flap is anyone
watching us I think if I just hold that
like this open wide oh don't get your
sunglasses cool no I think we lost em
but what do I do now what happened so
slowly it's all I could have I just kind
of went what show are we gonna get that
back
cool we'll have to try and explain to
them that my car sucked my ticket don't
get your homework oh now lost my
sunglasses you sure you gonna be okay to
go home they give me my ticket back damn
it
hey how you doing
I kind of put my ticket in a part of my
car and then when I turn my engine on it
sucked my ticket into the inside of my
car I've got the receipt thank you
look at my bloomin air look at it just
look at it I need to put on a hat don't
have a hat in this room okay I do have a
hat in this room Mark's here everybody
Oh slap my hat sorry do like my hat
that's not really my new hat player no
he's mine aborted ages ago as a joke
serious note everybody I need to start
packing done quite a lot so far that's
how much I've done literally nothing oh
I don't know what to pack
I like I always always always overpack I
just end up taking like five pairs of
shoes and then I'm wearing
- like now I've got four pairs of
sunglasses yeah I'm never gonna need all
pick Oh boxes and socks all good kind of
didn't really think about swimwear I've
only got two pairs of trunks and they're
both pink don't worry everybody I found
some more that I bought came to the
rescue
we haven't just got pink they're from
urban alright I finished all my packing
everybody feeling so relieved and ready
for the big day tomorrow
oh my gosh you're not even ready yo
there he is
I got so excited yeah we all know him
why did I just shout yo I just found
Boyd over here Marcus is on Celebrity
MasterChef if you didn't already know
we're like an hour behind we're watching
I'll catch up
oh there he is look at him look at him
yes boy
oi Zoe just said this is exactly like
gogglebox you guys watching us watching
shall I set it up and then just drop it
into the best moments okay we're doing a
selfie and Mark goggle bonks legit have
just gone upstairs to Zoe's top office
and got a massive tripod just so we can
recreate gogglebox you ready guys
oh I just saw a spoiler sorry no it
was Marcus III today so excited for
Googlebot selfie marks out the edition
selfie wait how come you are so so
I always sit where the biggest one look
at me I let you know at four times the
size of both of you
no so so so far hashtag South Park
squeeze y'all know I honestly don't even
know I'd do with that rainy and feeling
he's gonna look I'm in a horse turn
having burgers turn it up stage why are
you tapping your face oh just like to
top every night doesn't like pastry
aubergine over here that bloody love
puff pastry squid pocket right there I
will never clueless away one plate of
food it looks like June for me Landers
okay what would happen if they just cook
the aubergine didn't even use the other
ingredients really really well cooked
overs you know Mike it's an aubergine
dish and it's gone is too good luck yeah
we didn't parsley I don't even how to
cook squid you fry it yeah but how'd you
make it not like rubber how'd you get
into it it just it shrinks have you
cooked it before I'm a bit of cooking
I've seen people cook it though to the
copper mill all alive it looks like
smells combo from big BFG we use cause
yet
yeah but I feel I feel like squares off
the toughest bitch if you cut it wrong
it can be like is that real about
codfish or was that just missing
sentence so I though maybe dinner done I
did it is my son Jesus I do not believe
them thinking on real facts Mississippi
boy Elvis got in on the squid gone squid
work 62 squid Juanita
see that's why are we not on goggle by
their note gogglebox people if you're
watching you need to get us on the shows
we will do it we will do it that way
that look so bad oh I like more me the
ones I get notices you learn Tony you
call me 24-year old muffler producers
and stars in videos he posted on the
internet porn makes inhaling porn I'm so
terrible at displaying your food in a
nice way presentation monster like
Laureen plate looks like I promise it
tastes nice oh he looks like a very
serious-looking the fights you okay I've
never cooked lamb before the channel if
it weren't for and kind of a little bit
out my debt right now
why did you choose the left okay because
I've also never cooks quit before so
footlong obviously oh no what of the
lava so basically I make youtube videos
comedy sketch and based around my life
post online model does he sell pusher I
get 25 million bees a month
Wow is that right yeah my body seemed
impressed yeah way his looks good does
that I reckon Morris is looking the best
in one set guys which is cool engineer
oh because our Pete says it's been
delivered
but it hasn't pack up your troubles in
your old kit bag no no my whoa
wonder what Nala thinks when she looks
us doing crazy things and things M - auf
der Barney probably I got my poor nature
eat so paella those are the temperature
this time I can't even eat that so I
press the place also got cheeky little
gin and tonic okay man I'm sorry love
no why would I got to change with Ramon
you been food management okay ma'am
focus and work out what I was actually
doing with my
whose is nice nicely seasoned I like
that then with the courgette and the
probably granite I like that marquee
back bar can be more out of my comfort
zone if I want it to be survived
yeah done well no it is greater better
than I could do that is for sure
Oh actually has little right machines
are squid neater but that's not funny
Oh script it to the squid squid Nita oh
hey guys let me know if this is super
boring because we're literally watching
TV but you guys can't see the TV you can
just see our reaction today sure what
they're watching on Google box oh yeah
they do tonight oh my gosh look at them
they must know that the TV shows being
on one of the side of a doobie but what
are the only small time I've already
lost yes yes yes boy he's gonna be hot
in that kitchen because I won't be used
to the whole of being in the kitchen
yeah he looks great in a chef out of it
doesn't he yeah it's a shame he doesn't
have his white hair though I would say
based on my limited knowledge so that
looks pretty good but so in co-chef Oh
Marcus oh my god it's fun it's so bad
always kept in the bin
he's bringing in the bin no he's not
that's good yes oh I thought he's
picking up a little oh my god maintain
like one set let me mix words please
this is stressful to watch what I do you
never wanna watch in a kitchen now
personally ed that's definitely watch
your moves lighten up no it's just
figured my chicken he's loving it isn't
it yeah look at it this is the best one
up on them now this is very good yes
Marcus he's like sweaty okay but imagine
doing this is your job having a picture
the results are in guys you get to cook
your own food oh no oh no it's not gonna
go they're cooking their own dish
remarks are gone sweet potato
of course the ass so I'm very much
into my healthy foods yes
what to plate wedges and palms I'm on
break now okay I'll show you guys that
you still can make healthy food still
tastes amazing
what's an inky bug is it bird without
about yeah a naked berg and we go
dessert or we gotta another so my
starter is chickpeas passion arts goji
berries he made me this oh I'm enjoying
your new pan coffee
thank you very much controller like this
the long-ago is really good it is really
good
Marx's big moment that taste in his own
dish what it looks good look at it he's
happy with that Marcus is started this
amazing g/p cashew and spinach salad
with goji berries and this corset or
goji berry Walker's yeah oh he's going
in on that he's not sure they look at
the needs are good luck
and like the freshness of it I like the
fact that it's robust I love the cumin
running through the coconut other
berries give a little bit of sweetness
it's yeah yeah it's a healthy nice
colorful dish I like it because it's all
nicely comfy
yes okay cause he said a naked beef
burger sweet potato fries it's a big old
burger homes and pine nuts oh there's a
hunk of me know I have a thing is
amazing
oh happy with some parmesan across the
property happy with that really happy
about the sweet potato chips I like that
I've got some real eat to them like this
choice of beige uninspired by the burger
listen 800 mockers get a hug yeah she
just walks out the back door Oh with
myself that I took on the challenge
oh she I want to give her a cuddle have
you got everything every time what comes
as you know he brings his entire house
this time he's only got one little sack
shop it was this entire sacto suction um
lime is there I was I know two bags not
one so yeah I would bring holiday still
it and a lovely holiday stay so you soon
run
Rodney torrential rain please don't be
too wrong if I'm not that brand I'm just
gonna fake town wasps from there you
will
oh sure right join an umbrella wait till
the gates like fully open see and get
through it they go okay right yo let me
know when you get home alright guys I'm
gonna end the vlog now it has been the
longest day in the world and don't you
worry the videos are gonna get better
because the reason why and I know I've
said this a lot but the reason why the
vlogs have been slacking reason is
because I'm preparing all the videos for
whilst I'm away I should have just taken
a couple of days off rather than trying
to vlog and make videos at the same time
I hope you enjoyed the gogglebox jokey
style video and me losing my car ticket
earlier Zoey and I currently just laying
in bed watching a documentary about like
a shiny iron about a monkey called a
gorilla called Coco and it's just making
me wanna pet gorilla so bad
or verzino though that's not ever
possible and that's like the most cool
thing ever the dystopian venture is
amazing if you haven't seen it go check
out the documentary about Coco the
gorilla anyways I'm gonna go to sleep
now or maybe edit another video I think
I've got two videos left to edit
tomorrow it's the guys tomorrow I'm
going to Buckingham Palace and I'm gonna
see the Queen hopefully be able to vlog
hopefully be a blog Prince Harry
hopefully my fingers accost I've been
told I'm allowed to which is going to
see what happens
thank you so much for watching this vlog
let's see if we can hit 25,000 bums up
go down below hit the little button and
yeah I will catch you look at my hair
I'll catch you tomorrow super bright and
early ready to go to Buckingham Palace
in my suit all suited up and everything
it's going to be a fun day very very
exciting good bike bike I hate
