good morning guys good morning good
morning it is a absolutely horrible day
here in Brighton you can't even see the
outside because the amount of rain on my
window and to add to that it is a Monday
it is a Monday a Monday morning
however there Morrie we're gonna make it
productive we're gonna make it fun we're
gonna make it just trying to Doug toy
Zoe where are you we're gonna make it
good today everybody don't you worry
I'm actually headed to the office an
hour earlier than usual
a parcel just arrived for me as well
this morning I think I think it's a pair
of shoes I wanted from New York I'd like
to ask I was going to ask you not to go
so if that was me let me tell you why
I'm here so can you show me around the
house a cupboard for storage that we
have you don't know we don't have any
storage given my offices in town so we
do not have any cupboards for storage in
our house literally every single
bathroom everything I'm covered in this
house was turned into a bathroom and
from the previous owner for some reason
don't know why he had six toilets with
six toilets in this house someone nobody
ever needs six toilets so the only
government we have which is in fact
still we're toilet and a shower is in
Zoe's office over there and I had all my
stuff for my new video you know that
we're shooting together sorry I haven't
done these guys what it is yeah you know
that one that's all the items for that
video I didn't know where to put them
because there's so many items for the
video you guys get excited that I am put
them all in one big bag and put them in
your office
anyways let's get this shoebox open I
really really want to see which ones cuz
I ordered even three or four pairs of
shoes I think it was for one came from
New York and three were coming from LA
so I'm guessing these the ones from New
York or this could just be something
from the video for me and Zoe and then
I'm gonna disappoint it because it's not
a pair of new shoes yeah oh my god I'm
so excited oh crap I just spilt them all
out let's see which ones they are
yeah look at these look these are guys
you know the shoe shop I went to New
York of Casper Joe and Vic they're from
there I ordered them oh my gosh I love
them so much okay right we need to get
going bye gorgeous see you in a bit
see you later on
all right
we have headed into town I met you go
into the office
however the girls are going shopping to
get their eyebrows done and stuff so I'm
kind of tempted to do a little bit of
shopping this is the time to come to
town look it's literally dead there's no
one here
which is crazy why don't we come to town
this time alright more regulated
insurance for like 400 layers on I came
from it is like the worst day in the UK
that we've had so far this year so much
so that I decided it's not even wear a
t-shirt I'm just wearing a jumper stupid
decision Alfie technically it is however
as typical UK whether it is freedom
thank you very much
there she is there's Kendall the girls
are instantly off to Zara wait should we
go and get breakfast I feel like we're
gonna get dragged around with those two
I don't need to go shopping
it doesn't look as bad in my camera did
we just go for it no is it too much
right let's let's look in here oh I
think the girls trying to tell me she
fancies me she's fairly Oh hot muddy
mess Oh doesn't like can you make one
breakfast is arrived it looks absolutely
amazing how happy
can you hear me yeah I got something for
you to try
yup for a challenge it's not memories or
promises not being busy over there what
you got in your hand
we're doing there - close your eyes and
open your mouth no close your eyes
around to put on this just put it on the
desk doesn't matter
close your eyes they're just just it's
not it's not to close your eyes trust me
no peeking no peeking otherwise it'll
ruin it it'll be funny promise you no
peeking no peeking
it's a barbecue it's a barbecue meal
worm it's a barbecue flavored meal worm
eat that Oh a double him up don't
believe us talking about no way no Joe
okay Stan there stay there then stay
there stay right here from here
no you have to eat it yourself you have
to eat it it's running this little meal
wash no way is that a grub yeah is this
an angel' I'm a celebrity get me out of
here kids
yeah is that right no worries hit okay
go further back no I'm not gonna get it
you know what he's got in the bed he's
got in the bed read the row right now
just popped out for a quick no lunch
back in Oaxaca
so I don't if you remember from Twitter
like a few months ago I met Cecilia here
whose daughter wasn't with her at the
time from Edinburgh and was super Qatar
didn't get Mimi so I tweeted a picture
of me with her mum and now I've bumped
into her that's so crazy
oh my gosh we need to get a picture you
guys aren't gonna see why we're doing
this for a week or so it is 7:30 in the
evening in fact nearly 8 o'clock and I'm
only just leaving the office I normally
leave it like 6 today was so so
productive so as you guys know by now
you are well aware I'm going to end
holiday for 10 days but I don't want you
guys to be missing out on videos on this
channel so I'm trying to prepare 10
videos to go up was from away
as well as two videos on my main YouTube
channel as well as another driving
challenge I basically trying to plan 13
or not even platon film and edit an
upload schedule 13 videos or whilst I'm
away for ten days hey man hey doing good
how are you really well thank you I just
got to probably insurance what we have
after dinner but you have to cook for me
I can tell it's in the oven but she
didn't that's for me as well thanks mum
thanks mummy
Oh mum just made sure mum made sure no
poppy a fish pie thanks mom thanks for -
Auggie's fish for now i'm jake and we
only just decided to come in last minute
Zoe told me to come here straight from
work I came straight from work and she's
not even here yet I beat her I might nip
out and go grab some food oh you got
salmon Germany quinoa
Pinot Grigio octo puppy she's not that
watch oh I like your life
I've told Bobby she's not allowed to
watch orange is the new black because
I'm still on season one and I really
really like it but I'm watching in
months if I watch this is five four
then it's gonna ruin what I might watch
one day but climb there she's too
excited to watch it she went off oh boy
yeah I still haven't finished Breaking
Bad guys I don't know if I ever told you
this I watched this is the stupidest
thing you're ever gonna hear sure watch
breaking bad for time anyway bro I
watched all of Breaking Bad and then
when the not strips are on I was in
America or something other than another
country and I never got to watch it and
then I was like right I can't look at
Twitter and stuff for a few days because
it's going to spoil it and then I never
got around to watching the last two
episodes so I still to this day I'm not
seeing in the last two episodes of
Breaking Bad pop drove and I showed you
how to do this
summer I do know how to cook I'm getting
better every time I see Jamie he teaches
me one new dish so gradually I'm getting
there i just have to hang out of him
loads hello hello
do I hear my doggy
do I hear my doggy what you got with you
you bought our whole house flip my neck
my doggy pot what you eaten a penis guys
statue one believes statio Willy bleeds
steam in Willy stays a man look at this
probably made them for a blog post how's
the chocolate Willy yes I really like
boku no need your coconut one yes let
coconut we need but still chocolate
really doing it what's wrong with your
boyfriend
why did you tell my wife why did you
earlier in the blog hey ami ate a worm
Harry see you later good bye where's she
gone nyla she always brushes out the
door so I'm teaching her a lesson
would you want to go very far then well
that's funny isn't it cuz you always run
out the door
very fast just got home
yeah I am knackered don't know I'm so
tired this actually I do know why
because I filmed a load of videos today
an engine load of videos ready to go up
can we go straight the bed it's half
past 10 but it feels like half past 12
woah food shopping actually we don't
interfere shopping too much we cannot
buy a load of food before without my own
holiday although actually we got friends
staying here so you probably should get
some food for them whilst we go on
holiday always obviously because we've
got nyla we always have a friend stay
over here to be able to look after nyla
and again ease as well of course the
Ginny's mum and dad also have a friend
staying over at their house to look
after buzz and poppy and Sean of just by
chance got friends stand over their
house just so that they can stay so they
can stay in Brighton but like the 10
days that were away so we've got busy
houses which means that we do need to
fight some food and drink and stuff
because we don't want people coming over
saying they're not house for 10 days and
then having a fridge that doesn't even
have doesn't even have any milk instead
of milk it has lemon Jeff or whatever
it's called I'm talking load of rubbish
I need to go to sleep what are you doing
I see you taking other treats I love
your new outfit
oh yeah that's you're going you poured
you're going Marcus has got Paul going
at the moment sure everyone your new
outfit I really like yet no it doesn't
it's an all-in-one everyone it I think
it looks so cute it's a jumpsuit right
you got to bet hey whoa hey fever has
been bad today we've got a fever pills
we're watching help again yeah we
watched it last night you said you
weren't going to get in a Christmas
light mood where we don't turn them off
yet
I need to check all the doors are locked
and everything guys just put my braces
in this is the first time in ages that
I've logged with my bracelet in I still
one of the most nights but I normally
mmm I've loved before I put them in I
was gonna say you're not gonna believe
this but I think you will believe this
Zuri is just put elf on for the second
night in a row in June June so II I'm
gonna end the vlog now everybody I've
got a super early start tomorrow
shooting a really exciting video that I
know you guys have been waiting for for
ages it is coming I'm not going to tell
you what it is but I know you guys have
been waiting give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it give the video a
thumbs up if you're excited for all of
the videos I'm preparing for wash them
away holiday let's see if we can get
this video 30,000 I can't even say 30
wanna go president 30,000 thumbs up
goodnight goodnight goodnight
