good afternoon good afternoon good
afternoon everybody how now you're doing
today we are about to go upstairs it's
late in the afternoon we've had a slow
your eyes are the size of a mission 9 in
the afternoon how's old days does it
Hey but 1909 is the morning of the
evening there isn't 9 in the afternoon
is that it can't be 9:00 disco something
2 in the afternoon I don't know anyways
guys is not 2 in the afternoon it is
actually quarter past 8:00 in the
evening so far today I've started
editing the main Channel video that's
gone up the same day as this so I hope
you enjoy it tonight it is with Sean and
it is crazy we have to film outside
because it's so crazy it is crazy we
filmed it at 9:00 in the afternoon
serious though we did actually film a
large job telling you now I got two more
videos Eddie on this do you want to know
some facts I do want to know come fast
yeah 9:00 in the afternoon is actually
yeah it's this song no no no I know the
song but I'm just saying 9 isn't the
afternoon knowing is even morning or
lunch time there's an advert but you got
says then what do you want to do what do
you feel like doing this evening
go on tell everybody tell them go on
don't be embarrassed
tell them for you don't sit tell them
what you feel like doing I just okay
because we're having like a really nice
lazy day which never gets it right it is
streets will we begin where's there no
lyrics oh here we go - either nine in
the afternoon bar but nine is not in the
afternoon nine is Eve in the morning or
the evening I've had enough
I give up I quit that what we are about
to do is go upstairs you're not even
gonna believe it bloomin heck it's still
a lovely day I mean it doesn't in my
camera but in real life it looks
beautiful out there
right tell everyone what we're about
today God tell them tell them no running
away
No no hiding behind Norman everybody's
actually been asking in my blogs how
Norman is Norman mate how you doing nah
man
how you doing mate high five who is it
she doesn't care anymore well I've tried
to TLO mate he's my friend Dale is ever
gonna like to live when what you're
doing no running away I'm not going to
tell them because it's not my doing to
be told it's you fine calm down
sit with Noah Norman's quite fitting for
actually kind of here's a gnome quite
similar so I was in this life I was
Santa Claus your whole life I've been
this like boy say can we just say this
is a Southie shot oh my gosh yesterday
in yesterday's video I meditated with my
friend offering not even my friend our
friend Rochelle and there's all girls
Alfie I'm not allowed to be friends of
any girls
I neither any females that I ever hang
around with in a blog you guys like he's
no no I do my nose it's not not my
friend Holly actually my name is not
everyone in your comments it's just some
people but I think that that's just not
to be like condescending but I think
it's the slightly younger ones who don't
understand like how different like
relationships and friendships yeah
you'll soon learn when you get older
exactly I remember those younger people
be like numb but he does like her
girlfriend touched her army George their
leg is to me exactly the same look like
I never had friends as boys when I was
younger cuz when it was like no I don't
like him you know I had loads of friends
as girls but I kind of I just have both
friends both genders as friends every
gender everything he had everything is
friends I was even friends with Norman
the gnome anyways so I was just in the
mood to watch a film pop film hello I
want just a slightly seasonal film a
slightly seasoned old well I mean we're
not talking about the like National
Geographic here I wanted to watch a
Christmas film okay I wanted to watch L
move but gonna go upstairs and we're
gonna watch out as long as you know yeah
nada see now remember last year how many
times you watched Arthur yeah we won't
you know this Chris 14 was the year who
was it be before was that the year
before
yes off for Christmas if you haven't
seen it in the only thing I don't
suggest watching it in July I do I mean
June I guess but anyway I'm not gonna
make a habit of this all up to Christmas
I wish is knowing what's gonna happen is
we're gonna watch this one Christmas
maybe he's oh he's gonna remember how
much she loves Christmas movies and
Christmas I just I never gonna have to
we'll get after what you're like waiting
like that cozy feeling and but also I
did want to eat it with ice I want it I
want to watch Alf and eat boho gelato
I'd be rich we've got in the freezer but
how he won't let me turn you I'm gonna
let you eat it well bewell not my one
though which one's your one the scoops
are mine I can tell the Y other ones
gone we ain't it yes hey waiter don't
say when your shower popping I didn't
need any of it yesterday me eight the
last thing so basically I've got video
coming up soon for whilst I'm away on
holiday one of the videos as me and
somebody else I'm not telling you any
information and it has something to do
with lots of ice cream and I haven't
filmed it yet so all the ice cream in
the freezer I need for the video you
know she's helmet what look
huh mommy trapper piggyback what you
want me she just wants to sit with her
little head or slit she leave them out
being left out doesn't she yeah yeah
she's happy now very Mon have you got
foam oh do you want no mo she does have
a fear of the name yeah another where
are you trying to go
may I even somebody even got annoyed to
me in yesterday's comments because I
called the Sun late and they're like
how'd you know it's a boy you can call a
female young lady I can give me any
gender mate so whoever commented that
the solution was agenda hey mate - Andy
why don't we just eat ice cream and get
some more Carly they'll scream because
it's from my video we can't unless you
buy it I just met you yes I want the
carrot cake and gingers now that's two
best for hiza flavor neighbours that's
the two best so you want to watch elf in
the bar for so you don't scream oh my
god that would actually be the best you
see my eye twitching no but look really
closely look really close but I couldn't
see it we Jade you know no I mean really
is um I don't want to be in your glove
today I know I look like crap no you
don't you look really nice today I'm
busy
Fars out be help I get my eyebrows
threaded but I don't want to do it until
it's you the day before on holiday so
should I get mind up no y-you don't need
to get your eyebrows are pretty down
bushy I probably do that I probably
should get them done coming in you go
upstairs by bed right she's so like
let's go upstairs
let's go on you bring ice cream we're
not using the ice cream
it's for my video no Zoey see guys if
there's videos missing
no there's the whole box but it were you
if there's videos missing was for around
holiday is for gazzarri's eaten
my can is because oh he's eaten things
oh yes my Kinder Bueno it's because I
was eaten ginger this begins oh he's
eaten the things that I needed for the
video come on Zoey
that's right why don't you say okay why
don't we film the video together but
you're not at ladder right we can have a
look at the top but it sit on the bottom
of each one it tells you what flavor it
is
and then there's 12 don't look at what
flavor they are should we not okay
that's not right why didn't make the
ginger smell at all
oh my gosh I know that's allergy I've
stopped guessing you need to find
someone to do that with who hasn't had
any
finally Zoey's put the ice cream away
what'd he do here I thought this vlog
was going to be really short because
I've started it like 8 p.m. this one
clip so far as 13 minutes long this maze
this may be the longest selfie vlog ever
I think that's what it is look it up
fridge how much food we've got looks so
delicious on this draw we've got that we
haven't even got any milk from just
sorta and then in here we've got butter
and nothing else
why have we just got so many drinks we
haven't even got any vegetables that's
just the beginning bit funny but this is
um definitely body vegetables
there's only veg for the guinea pigs got
coconut milk like II drink soya
light soy milk oh my gosh why let's just
go upstairs and watch like a nice
documentary no let's no let's go this
guy's I haven't even told you I've been
doing for most of today I don't know to
tell you or not know I will tell you
because I know you guys are going to be
excited so as you know the last episode
of Zowie Sims 4 episode 14 I believe it
was maybe 15 just went up the other day
go check it out the unseen already was
the
last ever episode of that series because
we kind of got so dis attached to the
characters and like the people that
we've made because we're like yeah
unattach that's what I meant sorry
because we do because we kept on not
playing it for so long so I'm so excited
to say this guys Zoey and I are going to
start a new Sims series but instead of
filming it at the office because it's
really really hard to film videos at the
office with Zoey because obviously she
works from home here and I work from the
office we are going to film this sim
series there in Zoey's office we've
downloaded all we've bought every single
I'm not showing them anything in there
we have bought every single Sims game
pack expansion pack add-on everything
you can possibly get for sims 4 we've
got all of them I think there's like 14
or 13 we bought every single one today
downloaded them onto my laptop and Zoe's
computer so that we can practice and
practice and practice and get really
really good at the game because
obviously at the moment as you know from
the current Sims videos your water's up
here your water because as you know from
the current Sims videos I'm not very
good at Sims and Zoe is so I need to
play catch-up and also we want to get
really good for where your bottles open
I just fill on the bed we want to get
really good at that like individual
add-ons so one of them for example one
of the new ones is called dying out
where you can own a restaurant and
things so we've been looking into how to
properly own a restaurant and make it
really really good as always just been
playing for the last like 40 hours
non-stop sims to learn and be really
really good at the game I've just
downloaded on my laptop started up a new
character just designing the house
building on doing it at the moment I'm
going to play that for like a while and
then once we're back from holiday we're
going to sit down make a new Sims family
and literally make like 30 videos before
any of them go live and then we're going
to start uploading so we're
really really far ahead of ourselves so
you guys were 100% always get videos
we're going to let you film like 30
videos or something before we upload any
I'm so excited what you want to start it
next week I just told them we're going
to start it off the holiday should we
stop before holiday okay Zoey wants to
start it guys to give the video a
thumbs-up if you wanted to start
Worcester on holiday and we'll film a
load of them next week and also comment
down below or we put the little lights
on three two one
Christmas light and comment down below
and male and female characters names in
the new sim series and we'll get look up
the names from the comments in this
video but when we haven't started to
filming yet or like doing it yet we've
just started planning and some of the
episodes maybe like so I'm just logging
my laptop some of the episodes maybe
like just me playing some of them may be
like just Zoey playing some of them may
be both of us but we're just going to do
like really really well so like Zoey
could run don't put pressure no I am I
think we've got there's always going to
like run if we open a restaurant for
example in the Sims family Zoey's going
to run that side of things I think I've
got it so that so that she might do an
episode solo just like a day running the
restaurant kind of thing and then we
could do like I might do an episode of
like I don't go into work or something
like we're gonna make it really really
sick and there's going to be so such
regular videos oh no I got a question
yeah would they prefer to see our faces
or not yeah because most gamers if you
look at all the Minecraft players and
you look at all like the GTA players and
all stuff like that they don't ever use
like face cam like they don't video
themselves in the corner people find it
really distracting when they're watching
so Zoe and I are also tempted we're not
sure we'll see what you guys think
whether or not to leave no video and
just have audio I will still be speaking
but just no video because because we
really really want to focus on the game
and make the game amazing and we don't
want the video to distract us but also
some it means that
we would be able to film more episode
because we wouldn't have to like get
dressed and like make all the background
look nice and like we could film in like
if the office was messy or something I
don't know
you got us know what you think we've
literally got Netflix on at the moment
about to watch out I don't know if elf
is on Netflix so I will oh we've got the
DVD part we've got two DVDs of elf it's
not most of our Christmas do you know
I'm gonna do it's off do you know I'm
gonna do whilst watch you watching out
I'm gonna play The Sims so ordered I
ordered dinner today from somewhere that
I've never eaten from before mum and dad
and probably in Shawn I've eaten from
there few times and you basically get a
big old box I don't notice a big old
it's not old it's no big box and I know
this got a chicken curry in there but
I'm not quite sure no this isn't for you
you're gonna have to mind out the way
Missy jump back over there yep go over
there you ready look at this some guess
when I got an on another nan I heard
this tell me what's in our it tells me
what's in there there's eleven different
no this isn't for you no licking your
lips and there's all these different
things inside ER and we didn't end up
watching out for what we watch in love
Rosie and I literally can't help but
think that the girl in it looks exactly
like the mandible sisters like exactly
like them baby
she's so do you let's be a little arm
out just finish painful since I have no
idea we're so late I've been playing
hours and hours economy if I told you
what film me ended up watching I think
it was called love Rosie it was really
really good really good sugar chicken up
you haven't already I mean I watching
tattoo fixes or something like that
basically where people get really really
awful tattoos and they want the remove
any is fine and the vogner guys thank
you so much for watching I'm sorry that
this was a bit of a a strange blog it
wasn't really a daily vlog yet more like
an evening vlog but I hope you've
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if you
have and I'll catch you all go check out
my new main Channel video I know for
sure you'll enjoy that one can I guys
see to my
