got a saying that I was so happy I came
round say come on another oh okay she
doesn't want it she wants to get side
for a we turn then good morning guys how
you doing today it's pretty great where
I am but I can see the Sun trying its
absolute best to poke through in a
couple of little spots you can do it
mate you can do it make it sunny today
it's quite early at the moment you know
you're not going to believe it but it's
actually quite early I just super late
night last night it was so so successful
but it was a very late night and I'm up
early today go and have breakfast with
poppy
Sean and and Rochelle and I'm gonna
drive today gonna drive to the office
because I got a blooming microwave in my
car to take back to the office come on
Missy good for the toilet what the hell
someone's just knocked on the door and
said I've got your wallet here I thought
I was picking it up Amy did thank you so
much yeah I thought I would make you go
and pick it up today
thank you so much let me give you some
money or something so thank you yeah you
don't like late night you look you're
working late don't nobody bet that I'll
just let my god thank you so much thank
you have a good one
what that is absolutely crazy right now
Liz still outside she's probably gone
from we ages ago
where are you know I'm so confused but
so happy I thought I was gonna have to
pick it up this morning at 9 o'clock
that he just said I found it last night
in the stairwell in the carpark and I
thought I'd drop it back because your ID
had your address on it and even said
nice picture Jake my pictures the worst
bitch ever well nothing is that nala or
lovely is that man to say thank you for
being such a lovely person and driving
over and dropping the wallet back and
not taking any of the money or taking my
cards and spending them and using them
and stuff I just gave the man 60 pounds
as well to say thank you so much and he
was like
are you serious thank you so much I'm
thinking we'll make you could have just
stolen this you could have done whatever
you wanted with my wallet you could have
spent money off my credit cards this is
the least I can do
so mr. man if you're watching it thank
you so much for B for lovely and I hope
you enjoy your 60 pounds are you excited
for breakfast you excited you didn't
seem it today you seemed quite calm just
to be clear that was not my breakfast we
did have like a proper breakfast this
morning
I completely forgot to vlog it I was
just so excited that I finally have my
wallet back but that wasn't my breakfast
I didn't eat a cupcake for breakfast I
just had I had like super healthy toast
with scrambled eggs
avocado and salmon it was absolutely
delicious and I had to like my healthy
juices as well with it I - very very
healthy I just finished editing up the
daily vlog it is now saved then the time
is 1:30 lunch time today is going good
so far super excited I also want to get
edited the four videos that I filmed
yesterday that all on here waiting
waiting to be edited we've got a full
office we've got and over there we've
got Michelle's there how's it going yeah
not Speedy Gonzales no but my mind edit
is very different to yours yours is all
at RT end
yeah pretty mine's just a new talking
rubbish
well look at this let's introduce listen
to your cow yeah this is that you know
some people have like a like a teddy
that they carry around with them up and
comfort I have a cow maybe you are
traveling by yourself for six weeks yeah
I need something to spoon like this
exactly this pill is just don't do it
and when you're in your beds all the
time it's just like my little mind hook
ow yeah make something that makes you
feel like it's home exactly
we came to the office there Sean's over
here editing as well
Clemmie neck busy old place today
what's puppy doing poppies on our blog
yeah home yeah Dean come to the office
well we need to get me table tennis in a
minute no then distract me why I just
fit I've just finished my edit it's
exported the people what you guys are
 boat goes they both got their
shoes off you know I've got slippers
here somewhere yeah when I first came to
the office was the best time I bought my
slippers it's like I could wear slippers
in the office for those of you who have
been following these vlogs for more than
like six months or so I just wanted to
clarify and let you know that this lift
in my office it's still as broken and as
rubbish as ever every single time I get
into it I'll it like every time I get
into it
it feels like it's broken just got a big
ol box delivered I'm pretty sure I know
what it is but I can't show you it's for
an exciting video coming soon
vlogs uploading everybody Shaun an adze
locked away in there Michelle and I are
gonna do some meditation it's happening
it's 5:00 in the afternoon try to get
this happening for three days are we
gonna do it now yeah no time like the
present to find it easy alright
I told you no judgement we're just gonna
do it there's no judgement I don't know
what to expect like I literally have oh
boy if I just fall asleep was if I just
fall to see that's just cool yeah
with meditation we have no expectation
we're just gonna be just gonna be good
I'm just close these look nice outside
no distractions Cameron no I'd argue I'm
gonna put this away I'm gonna put this
away do it I feel like me but
because it's a lie yeah I can't get this
such nice present that cool aren't they
yes I do it she did so I love them so
much
your logo looks really good with these
sorts of things yeah yeah all right just
come out come out the meditation did is
super cool yeah super cool yeah how did
you find that I thought it got a fun
teaching me I think you were really
receptive and really kind of easier to
teach it's meditations just like a
little mental trip I get comfy I didn't
get in there no I think some people
think about it as like some spiritual
crazy kind of ritual thing and it's
really just a mental trick to kind of
just help people just deal with
day-to-day stress and anxiety and I
think you were really receptive and easy
you actually really easy to teach LP I
just didn't know what like like what to
expect
yeah because I've spoken people and they
were like when I want to meditate I'm
like fooling and then people are like
I'm like flying above myself and I can
see myself and I'm just like what is
gonna happen and it was just like yeah
the one that you still it's just a very
very good word yes quite what it was it
was cool I really really enjoyed it it
was like just taking time out of the day
to just be by yourself and not not do
this no talking to cameras no because
normally my time out of the day would be
watching YouTube video wanted some
Facebook videos on they going on Twitter
or something like that I'm like right
I'm gonna take some time for editing the
filming and doing emails I'm gonna go
and and then let's do something it's
never like you've always got like I feel
like our tools and what we do in our
life like there's so much go go go go go
and meditation allows you just to stop
and be still and there's always still no
don't even mind like that it is go go go
that's the thing I'm like right I'm
gonna draw a minute out for now I'm
gonna go watch TV
but that's doing something yeah that's
what I mean yeah I haven't even realized
until now the stopping that go go go is
like ah
is stopping it not changing it to
something enjoyable you know what's the
best part is it's so nice after you
meditate or do any sort of still of
saying it's not to look at a phone
because we are so addicted to our phone
that our laptops mess up and then I ask
been a while since we came out it was
like 20 minutes ago or something yeah
and we all guessed right
yeah no I've just sort of sailed in but
now I think it's it's such a great way
just really stress and anxiety and just
some take some time out for you because
that we have so much pressure on us
these days and anyone can do it yeah
it's not easy to do a certain thing you
have to be able to do I don't know I
think a lot of people think that they
can't meditate but everyone can meditate
be like I have too many thoughts it's
like that's why you meditate because you
have so many thoughts yeah and
meditating allows you to like see the
thoughts and separate yourself from them
I sighing Alfie it's like you know the
crazy voice inside your head that I'm
probably you guys have that I have I
have definitely up up yeah I used to
suffer from like a lot of anxiety and
stress and stuff and I had left his
crazy voice inside my head that was so
negative all the time and then
meditation allowed me to separate myself
from that and just I don't be less
anxious and be less still and be more
present because that be more in than a
moment yeah here right now
that's what I find hard yeah thank you
it's so easy to get caught up on social
and I don't know hmm yes I think it's
really nice to implement any sir
stillness and also gratitude which we do
the end and stillness as well in places
that you would perceive as hard to be
still like we're just talking about now
how even though there's such work going
on in the office and staff here we can
still take a minute yeah take time even
though like ang and Shawn over there we
both still like work that's obvious who
does we like close that one picking
Shawn out the middle put him in that
side as well please this Run 2 is just
like us to two sections away yeah
and just that like 10 meters is enough
to just separate Jenn yeah being
completely different mindset so that
that who was still working yeah no it
was really good
and you're in a creative space and you
rested now you didn't fall asleep
I'll be with I thought immediately
because every topic that such I always
fall asleep and obviously I'm not
getting mad side but it's like same like
relaxed and letting you know what's
going on dove thing you did get the head
yeah I've got a few night head which is
out and dance did good very very bad in
Gemma no thank you for doing it it's
really cool to have like people
interested in meditation and just
filling their mind and yeah yeah
thinking about things in a big way well
Joanne I was speaking about it in South
America people spend so much money on
like gym memberships and healthy et
they're like all physical things like
how the Eaton's good for you inside so I
don't get me wrong but like people don't
often work on their mentor yeah so kind
of thing they were like work out for
three hours a day in the gym to get a
six-pack but then inside their head is
like burger or like really anxious or
he's stressed or and they never put time
into hope not
yeah we had a good chat the other night
and I love that about Zoey like she's
really and she switched on in that sense
it's so nice of your eyes talk about
that because so many people don't think
about the mental side of things eyes
have a massive awareness around that and
just know how important it is to switch
off you guys think that these and Go Go
Go all the time but they also need to
switch off and take a minute for you
it's you're good now again now you can
meditate a little trick little mental
trick it's gonna get it is I'll update
you guys how it's going I'm gonna try
and do it for like I might not mention
it some videos I might mention in some
videos yeah and so happens with that and
try it out no expectations relays no
expectation none of that yeah just go
with the flow
thumbs up for meditation guys alright
let's go get some yeah I know we're so
hungry everyone stopping super hungry
and because we were over here by the
door we trap those guys who are like
when we meditate and you're not allowed
to go to the toy there you can't go and
get some food or snacks or anything it
kind so it is like do
yeah you ready guys
we come out from Mexican lunch I have
one hour quality because I drove today
everyone else hasn't alcoholic drink
okay the food hasn't arrived yet and I
realize it's Friday
yeah we've left the office we're heading
or trod in the puddle we're heading back
home to shoot a very exciting video okay
I was in your home papi got her car I
know I've got my car we're setting up
for this Sunday's new video you heard
here first there's new video coming this
Sunday with Shawn and I we've got the
three cameras ready are you ready I'm
not telling them what we're doing it's
going to be exciting we're going to be
filming outside I mean it's kind of
raining it stopped a little bit but that
doesn't matter
and that would affect what we're doing
in this video the songs community to me
are you putting one up on your check oh
you bet one up in your channel yeah you
can can you know your you don't
have one go away you're saying that I
was so happy I came round boy this is
just my vlog broke kid Sean Macarthy
cool this is the outcome of this
Sunday's new video I'm not gonna show
you what we did for the challenge I need
a hot bath go get in the shower
go get the shower ha ha good bye good
bye good bye
there's good film integer fun right
everybody it's time to say goodbye to a
shower
she's leaving going back to London for a
bit you're not going to the Baptist
rally just yet no London and then LA I
mean think of it LA
gone she's going to pick one if you see
her you have to say hello you have to
grab a picture everyone yeah it's gonna
can see so many people everyone who's
going to VidCon this year and
unfortunate I wish you guys are going
home had it's gonna be an attack be fun
so good be there and yeah Louie that's
going to so many people next year
Joe's gonna be there as well yeah what
time you meditating tomorrow oh you may
get a lot of guys today yes the quality
good morning
yeah look at number two ladies got your
Skype call see you guys so you can teach
sorry you know really great mmm I bring
that stuff and I'm gonna see no way she
would be no I see my jewels you running
oh you didn't go swimmin embroidered
next time yeah
oh you know I've never been men waving
you never been in it's like brown guys
you get to make voices a good yeah yeah
well I will see you again they're down
yeah well vlog until next time
you
yeah
