to explore have a look around this place
my hair I've gotten a bloomin beanie
good morning guys good morning how you
doin hope you're having a lovely wow
that is the weirdest shaped tree I've
ever seen in my life
it's got like a drop a long rogue bit
coming out hope you having a lovely day
whatever you do and we set off this
morning super early to head to a place
called wilderness woods which is where
we always go to get off Christmas trees
we got like ten minutes away from the
place checked on the website it said
it's closed we then hang up and we got
put through to a voicemail which said
it's closed so we turn the car around
and we've come to a place where mum and
dad come to get their trees it's not
very festive it's literally just like a
garden centre where you get your trees
where's well we normally go you can like
chop down the tree yourself you can get
a hot chocolate you can get coffee
there's like wooden little play area
it's like really really cool it's very
Christmassy
we're just called wilderness woods which
is where we normally go and it's open
even though it says it's closed on the
website and now we're at a place that
has great trees that really really good
but it's not very festive
and I've got my drone and stuff and I'm
literally like a garden centre like
there's nowhere to shoot cool shots less
about chop down a tree ourselves to have
a saw that's kind of the situation today
it's a good situation to be in because
we're about to get a tree now that's a
good one
I think it's good do you don't seem sold
on this Zoey's like yeah it's good yeah
but you hold it let me see that one
looks bushy this one here looks like a
big old boy that is a bush you are huh
why are you not smiling no this is for
the this is for the bit opposite as
you're walking his neck yeah I think
that looks really good do nothing that
looks good I didn't that looks so good
we've kind of ended up getting two trees
now we came here to get one tree and now
getting to look how muddy I am I've got
my blooming breads on as well
Oh Blumenau or what is happening over
here of course of course we've just seen
this Christmas tree here which is a
different kind of tree than what we've
gone for these are like the proper bushy
bushy ones yeah they smell amazing
they're so spiky and they're like
looking like knotted it isn't all like
you're you only measure decorations on
that no so what yeah this one's gone oh
maybe not on that size but like yeah
that's a good tree Oh a new challenge
we're not going to do it because we've
just bought two real Christmas trees are
our proper ones but I want somebody out
there one of you guys to buy the worst
Christmas tree you can find and they
have a challenge of everybody else who
can decorate the worst Christmas tree
you have to make it look awful
whoa that is a bush mondo
see you later the place where we usually
come at Halloween is called Tully's farm
always come and legit looks closed
oh it said on it said on the phone I
called them up and they said on the
phone from 10:00 till 10:00
maybe just that bit is closed we're not
having any luck today please just say
the tea rooms is open I'm so hungry I'm
just a little cheeky coffee or something
like that you know yeah if this is open
I'm gonna be happy
come on yeah all good
you didn't order one this one's mine oh
my gosh over latte you guys should have
got why don't you order one one or yours
it was amazing
it's a couple of hours later I've just
been at the office smashing a few
meetings tons of emails uploading the
vlog doing all of that stuff but today
just realize where are the Christmas
trees outside whatever now team to think
about that we need to put them up today
is the day are we going to be able to do
both tonight I think we put them up let
them stand maybe decorate one I think we
decorate one I think we did one in here
yeah was it gonna go over here yeah okay
the plan for tonight is to deco oh I've
got a wet face oh you're bleeding
no no yeah confused me tonight's plan is
to get a Christmas tree in here one in
there decorate this one in here when I
came back from the office a second ago
Zoey's been looking up different
charities that are in the local area of
Brighton and need different things over
Christmas that we could help out with
maybe you guys could help out with as
well I've done my hair backwards like
this and Aegis I look good there's
charities we donate to anyway like
regardless yeah oh you can see
neighbouring those charities we donate
to like all year round by just feeling
like a Christmas it's like people can
get very lonely lonely cold down lost
cold hungry I just feel like also
Christmas is the time for giving and
although we do personally between us we
do give anyway yeah it's nice to
actually physically give something like
I want to ring
bring them up and say like do I need
liugong cuz we can go and buy time to
leave I'll bring it to you donating
money is like super helpful I'm just
thinking like you know like the dogs
shelters need more food yeah I think the
most important thing about Christmas is
all of us leave people get so excited
with spending time together it being
positive it being fun and obviously like
you guys seen this vlogs like we've got
a lot of time at Christmas in hanging
out like today we're all the all of the
family and doing fun amazing things not
everybody has that and has a family to
be able to hang out with but also it
makes this so much more apparent to
those people whenever that that's what I
mean that's what I'm saying is that like
Christmases promoters that have promoted
as the time for sharing for loving
forgiving and a lot of people don't have
that how sad that makes me because this
is my favorite time of year and I can't
even comprehend not having that and not
having that yes and that's why we need
to give I want to like find as many
charities like across the board we want
to like dog charities we were just
looking at one there's always a minute
ago called clock tower clock tower right
and then which is 16 to 25 yards who are
homeless in Brighton that's literally
like bloomin me that's not like your
main that's me that could be me my
camera just run that charge basically
what we're saying is Christmas is the
time for giving back that's what we've
just been looking into for the last like
15 minutes or so but right now we need
to go get the Christmas tree inside also
what we're doing for dinner tonight we
need to plan dinner we'll need to
playing Christmas tree we don't have any
dinner because we've been away so we
don't have anything in the fridge some
really big things for videos that so he
doesn't know about that are gonna gonna
happen over the next week or two but I
can't tell you because I know that
you're gonna tell sorry boo this
just got underneath the Christmas tree
bloody hours massive Zowie literally
takes up half of our front room that is
obviously it needs to all drop and fall
in everything right now we've got the
other one to do and then we need to let
them drop I know we need to put this
chair on that in the conservatory then
we need to put the you who that was I'll
move this chair and then we'll move the
other tree this is the same size as tree
number one check the front whilst we're
waiting for this tree to draw actually
we're not even gonna be decorating this
one tonight we're just gonna be
decorating
we're just going to decorate in this one
Bay again we need to wait for it
bloody how it's so big look at that that
is the goal Christmas tree fire and a
sleeping dog yeah this one's much bigger
it's a lot wider I don't know where
they're gonna go
that's quite unless we chop a couple of
blow branches off all the presents under
this tree for the whole time and then
just of course this morning we'll bring
them in here okay I'm off whatever we're
gonna go put some cosy before we put
some cozy clothes and we're gonna go put
some Christmas pajamas on I need to need
to open my my calendar I also need to
give you your Advent present today huh
it's a good one oh you do one two four
where's number four digit can't find it
they've missed a number for my refund
doing dumb little reindeer no I'm good
thank you
I'm good oh right next day a PV poster I
need to put mine the other side what you
PB per step no look hold this there we
go
noise yeah that's the noise of truck
have you not even open any of yours
you haven't been in the vlogs recently
because we've been away did you have a
fun time a buzzy no my mom and dad ever
since she's arrived back oh yeah also I
am now just in pajamas ever since she's
arrived back from being at my mom and
dad's she has been absolutely not good
they were taken out on so many walks
every single day should plan so much
with buzz you ready you gonna be warm
enough yeah so he's trying to hide her
Christmas clothes because she thinks
it's gonna be embarrassing whereas I'm
rocking them yeah of course I am good
just live life you know live it to the
fullest don't care what other people
think of you why does it matter why
would I possibly care what anyone else
thinks for me not gonna see a man
so we pant I'm getting a takeaway
Chinese tonight but for some reason the
place that look at your coat you can't
even see you for some reason the place
that we like to get Chinese from locally
it's closed on a Monday what's the rap
of the day Perry Perry is that a good
one
no I didn't sound confident not a good
one okay we'll go with a large chicken
selects meal a bottle of water never ran
in question how many customers do you
guys get a day do you know
depends on the day really unlike an
average day well a thousand people you
can do puzzle people in an hour shut up
so
really does the bed wow thank you so
much
awesome have a good one ma'am may or may
not just told him to shut up but was
also surprised somehow it's like three
hours later we haven't decorated the
tree though he's been asleep I've been
on my laptop
we at dinner and I literally just
couldn't move like the meaning food coma
was real tonight like extremely real
we've just crashed out we're going to
decorate both the trees tomorrow what I
haven't done yet today though in the
vlog gets given Zoey admin present today
as you know if you've been watching the
videos alternate days today is my day to
give Zoey her Advent present here's your
Apple in president today they need to
take the first step after poverty enough
to eat generating income
you bought a donkey Oh a donkey in
Ethiopia I bought a family a donkey in
Ethiopia and earlier on in the blog we
were literally talking about how
important giving and helping others are
at Christmastime which you brought up I
did and I was like today's present is
perfect I did this for a Christmas
present the other day oh really I don't
know not a donkey I bought um a clean
water tap thank you such a good idea
yeah oh the things what we get do I get
there's lots of different options on the
website and I thought I'd donkey was
cool I get a little donkey alright
anyway it's time to end the vlog my
battery is flashing if you've enjoyed
the video give it a
I'm excited for tomorrow when we are
actually going to decorate both the
Christmas trees ruff and then just fall
asleep and crash out then I hope you're
looking forward to tomorrow's vlog and
anything you want to say it's just been
a busy couple of days hasn't it
any Zoe words of wisdom and the pressure
always take a cozy blanket to bed no
don't because then you just sweat and
you get so hot but you have to be
careful about it look I'm out of the
covers I'm half in half out right
blanket my knowledge is winning
she's like wrapped up half in half out I
catching the money guys subscribe if
you're not already check out the new
Christmas merch and I see to my
