good morning guys good morning good
morning I was meant to be meditating
with Rochelle this morning she was gonna
teach me how to meditate I was gonna
pick her up at quarter to nine be at the
office for nine o'clock and knocked on
the door running her phone
texture and everything as she isn't
answer and she's ambushed Murphy asleep
but her phone must have turned off and
she must miss the alarms but that's
understandable because that happened to
me yesterday we were meant to meditating
yesterday morning and I miss my alarm
and woke up an hour and 20 minutes late
so I'm guessing today is her turn to do
that back to me back to head to the
office from an hour earlier and isn't
even there yet kind of forgot my office
keys literally forgot the keys to get
into my office so not only am I not
meditate in not only can I not get into
my office but Angela is also not in my
office so I don't even know I'm gonna go
grab some breakfast try and edit the
daily vlog there's so much stuff I need
to be getting on with anyway it's just
weird being here and not being in my
office so I'm going to try and grab some
breakfast from somewhere and sit now and
have a little bit of laptop time and
just see what happens you know we're
still going to keep today positive we're
still going to keep it fun productive
and positive even if it's raining like
crap here where you can all read and we
embrace that it's still
I don't even know why I'm trying to say
just got the office everybody
luckily answering forget her keys I
couldn't help it hopped into this shop
it is so good you haven't been here you
need to go that I don't know what road
it's on or anything google it you guys
can find it out and I am I just got such
a sick t-shirt I don't know what should
I wear it today I feel like I need to
wear that and also got a new wallet
because I bought what the most expensive
wallet at Christmas ever for Mulgrew as
its first imported I've ever owned
bought it on the way to Singapore with
Marcus then when I flew back and I
landed in Gatwick or Heathrow wherever
in the airport I lost my wallet so spent
stupid amount of money on a mulberry
wallet and then lost it straightaway so
I thought I don't deserve to buy myself
another expensive wallet since losing
that one and my long hair is so like
battered and old and stuff so just
treated myself to a new wallet I've also
got a phone call like a meeting in like
how long two minutes we just got a
George Foreman for the office lien
grilling machine fat reducing grill
shoots up to 42% Domar it's not just
gonna sit on the table tennis table
we're gonna we're gonna put it in the
kitchen so it just means that we can we
can make toasties and stuff when it's
cold like today yeah what happened this
morning
oh yeah I'll attach the image now
image and so when I was sleeping I've
always seen was because I bought myself
a bath mat and I woke up so sorry Alfie
but I did the exact same to you
yesterday night there that's why I said
yesterday I'd like to do that what
happened to you is my worst nightmare
and lo and behold this morning you're
like Outlook message of you been rid of
like on no bind it I knew your phone's
off because it's going through there's a
text not an iMessage so I was like I
rang Zoe how bad is if I just go to my
office I've been outside for like five
minutes I know she's asleep because the
phones are text messages are going
through his texts not as iMessage yeah
but I did it yesterday I know and now
I've got meeting at home I've just had
three meetings in a row one to ten one
at 11 1 to 12 and now I have another
meeting at 2 I've also got to carry
you'll see why in future videos but I've
got to carry all of this and my bag my
back to a taxi to home then to a hotel
I'll explain why but not right now
you're gonna stay here what I just gone
out for lunch I took a shower to fret
yesterday no I was trying to explain I
was like this is like just a quick grab
food and go kind of thing very happy
right now fast my phone here it's warm I
might wear a hoodie if I get caught I'll
see you later
I don't need you guys realize the level
of dedication I have right now oh my
gosh this is like one of many trips oh
my gosh you're here we go everybody the
artists residence you guys aren't even
ready to see the room in that hotel that
I've got so native her down the stairs
all I'm saying now is you guys are not
ready for what is going on today oh my
gosh if only you knew the time shall I
tell you the time I've been in a meeting
today from 10 o'clock to 11 o'clock
another one from 11 o'clock till 12
never 1 from 12 till 1 then I sat down
with Ange and we got through a ton of
emails and my photo shoot stuff that
I've had to be getting sorted out all
done now really really good I then had
to rush home and have a meeting from 3
o'clock to a quarter to 5:00 then a 5
o'clock The Sims video went live then I
had to edit the daily vlog and that went
up at 7 literally I know this is just
the beginning the vlog don't you worry
that's going to be good it is now 804 in
the evening 804 today has been the
busiest in the world it's also been the
most productive day in the world and it
is about to be believe it or not even
more productive
all I'm saying this is a brand new
microwave I bought a new microwave and
I'm taking it into this hotel room and I
think I think I've broken it
ah let's do a hotel room tour as you
walk in the entrance of this door this
is what you are greeted with a sea view
kind of it's like from the basement but
it's still kind of a sea view over there
look how cool the rustic wood and the
brick is this place is just amazing I
have no idea what these are it's got a
handle do I pull it I don't know what
that is
no way it's a bed if I pull it there's a
bet shut up I'm guessing if I have to
undo the locks up there and the bed
comes out what about this no shut up
another bed so apparently there's like
double bunk beds going on this is insane
there's also so far I haven't seen
through these doors yet got a little
meeting table let's see what's in these
no ice blast is nice little fridge let's
see what they've got in there huh
oh yeah we're gonna save the bedroom to
last okay keep that closed to keep it
hidden don't look in there walk him out
here oh my gosh this is just so bloody
cute isn't it this is so cute
ohh oh my gosh I love this place I fall
in love with this place
I can literally live here this is
amazing right you ready
you ready to see the bedroom
yeah place is so cute it's so romantic I
love with the rustic wood the
floorboards everything let me unpack
everything get everything ready get
everything sorted and then we'll sit
down have a chat and I'll tell you what
I am up to so I kind of forgot to bring
my laptop charger which meant that I
took call sure enough to see if he could
drop one down or throw one in a taxi and
get one delivered here so he said he
would come down and deliver one which
was super super nice and then for yours
on the way home was okay I want to come
and see the room as well so we're all
here now
so think that we think we're just gonna
get some room service before I felt more
but she'll be fine Zoey what's she doing
oh let me shoot you something by
yourself mom's already gone what I was
no I was on the phone today a half an
evening that I was on the phone to zone
a half an hour ago mom was still there
but if mom's gone
no it rings oh it just in case shoes I
want to come order me something as you
know I'm going to wear on holiday in a
week's time for 10 days I'm going away
for 10 days there's been you know daily
vlogs I've explained this before Zoey
mum won't come in they're both busy at
home I'm fortunate for them because this
is sick so the reason why I'm here I
will pop you can order you can look at
the food because I'm going away I still
want to give you guys a video on this
channel every single day because I won't
be daily vlogging the holiday that's
just a decision a choice I've made not
to do and but I still want to give you
guys content on this channel so I'm
pre-filming 10 videos I want to say I
think it's ten videos for all the days
why stomp washed them away which means I
need to do that so I've planned all the
videos me and and you've sat down and
planned really really funny videos that
you guys are going to love and then this
hotel like honestly out of the blue I
was going to film them you guys saw got
change him officer I'm making this set
behind to film in and this hotel got in
touch with ang and said we know you work
without me if alpha wants to come and
just film in any of our
so take instagrams and pictures in
albums let us know and I Google don't
like we had to look an email and the
hotel is insane so we asked them super
nicely if we give up any room just any
room doesn't matter which one they all
look amazing today they gave me three
rooms in their hotel to choose out of
tonight so I just turned up now the
first one I saw I didn't even see the
other two are that this is the one this
is the one and that's the room that
you're seeing now so this isn't
sponsored by the hotel like it really
isn't so I'm just here to film five
videos tonight and I'm here to film five
out of the ten videos tonight and then
I'm going to edit them over the next
couple of days not load them scheduled
to film the next five maybe next week at
some point and I'm gonna start building
up the backlog or videos to go up wash
them away so that you guys still get a
video every single day but I already
want to come back here I want to come
back and shoot some more videos here
shoot some Instagram shoot some PB much
stuff here
this place is sick yet the bar upstairs
is incredible thing alright what we
going for this here is the hotel name if
you're wondering write it down
jot it down the artists residence in
Brighton you want to stay in this exact
room it is called be two feet too wide
what about Sabo sorry I've no idea what
this is everybody all our foods arrived
it's kind of like tapas vibe it's just
loads of little bits Oh get in that
picture get nut snap shut Ivan you saw
filming yet started setting up but
haven't started yet see you later guys
good bye bye bye I am knackered I set
out to film five videos tonight I don't
if I told you that I've done four I
filmed four of the five videos they're
all of my hard drive and everything the
tripod and everything is out the snacks
are out the chairs are move we've got
blooming micro Hey oh my gosh it is half
past 12:00 at night half past midnight I
need to get back home and I haven't even
told you what happened earlier so we're
not when I was Carrie when host Gary and
all of the stuff from the car to here I
had to do in two journeys
so the first journey I had everything
except from the microwave like so much
stuff my wallet in my pocket my two
phones in my pot light it was mad and
I'm wearing like tracksuit bottoms just
to be confident of akut so really big I
know it's a part in a car park literally
just opposite and down a couple of
levels and talking all the stuff here
saw the room for the first time
absolutely loved it then I went to go
back for the microwave which was cause I
had my wallet on me my phone my keys
opened the car and everything put my
wallet in my pocket and was carrying
this massive microwave in a box I
literally so big all the way back from
the car park backed up here and at some
point my wallet fell out of my pocket on
that journey I know it wasn't the one
before because to get inside the copper
you have to put your ticket in them in
the door to be able to open it's
likewise a secure car park so I had my
wallet when I went to go in and get the
microwave but when I came back out I
realized about half an hour later that
I'd no longer have my wallet and it's
brand new and don't if I showed you but
I bought a new wallet this morning when
I bought that t-shirt I bought a new
wallet and I think I told you I bought a
mulberry wallet at Christmas and lost it
four days after I bought it and I was
like right I'm not being stupid I'm not
gonna spend a lot of money on another
one it because I lost the last one after
four days so I don't want to do that
again I finally wait from Christmas
until now six months later to buy
another wallet for myself and lose it
the day I get it with my credit cards in
here my what no I don't have credit
cards with my debit cards in it my ID in
it SD cards my memory cards with video
footage that I need on it I had like
cash in there I had coins and I had her
seats that I need in there my ID and
stuff we had to bring the car part
people and say hey can you let us back
in and check the car's not in the cars
or anything and then the last thing we
had left to try was to ask the actual
car park
if anybody handed it in like we asked
for hotel but they were like no we
haven't seen anything nobody's told us
anything so we asked the car park and
for some reason if you're watching it
thank you
Oh blooming much somebody handed in my
wallet they found it on the floor in the
car but there are some good people in
this world so I went to I tried to go
and get it so I asked the man if I could
just go and come and grab it and he was
unfortunately the office is closed or
what we story I'm in a call center and I
just answer like the speaker voice bare
so I've got to wait until tomorrow
morning at 9:00 a.m. to pick up my
wallet fingers crossed they haven't
taken the cash or the cards or the SD
card like my bank cards and stuff like
that or my ID out of the wallet they've
handed in the wallet because he said it
was under the name Alfie deyes and stuff
and I described the wallet he was like
yeah that's the one we've got
but as there's no members of staff on
site we can't give it to you until 9:00
a.m. when they start working again
tomorrow so I haven't cancelled my bank
cards which when you lose your wallet is
meant to be the first thing you do
because obviously people can spend your
money but I haven't done that because
I'm hoping that the person who handed in
my wallet was nice enough to not steal
my bank cards so fingers got I'm
thinking if they're nice enough to
handing the wallet then they're not
gonna take everything out of it just
handing it or they wouldn't they caught
up my ID was definite in there because
the guy said Alfie deyes and so I know
my ideas in there I'm just really hoping
that my bank cards are in there and they
were all good and nobody stolen any
money of my out of my bank account but
more but it's been stressful guys it was
super super stressful that was scary
I've also filmed for new videos too got
whilst I'm away so I've got like another
six to do over the next like week or so
yeah I've got a week until I go when
you're watching this it's seven days
till I go away so I've got seven days to
make an extra six videos and edit these
four videos I need to edit the net I've
got so much blimmin stuff to be doing
before we go away I need to I need to
get my butt up pack up all of this stuff
and head back home it's half past
midnight it's probably later than that
now let me have a look at the time 32
minutes past midnight still enough with
this hotel room this hotel room is just
bloomin amazing
don't want Brown second month to go
there's so much stuff it's also so late
this thing scary all right time to check
that I've got absolutely everything and
I want to leave this place in like
perfect clean condition yeah let's get
driving home guys it's like five minutes
to 1:00 in the morning oh my god I'm so
much sweating I say both the girls I
means I didn't either
all right we've enjoyed today I've had
such a long productive day I'm meeting
poppy Sean and gem Rochelle for
breakfast tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m.
so I'll see you bright and early
thanks so much for watching the video
give us a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
