good morning guys good morning good
morning look at my hair it is super
windy we are out on the beach we've just
finished having lunch we have got and
we've got Amy
we've got Zoe and look at this bit and
my hair and we've got Michelle as well
you're never going to guess where we're
going what is this about sort of the
hair and everybody you're never going to
believe where we're going it's going to
be a big shock to you it's going to be
such a surprise when I tell you we're
going to the ice-cream voicing called
boho gelato boho gelato all of you guys
need to go if you haven't already I like
I said this is not sponsored just
because we go most days doesn't mean
it's sponsored it's just bloomin good
ice cream oh my gosh
digger what did you go for oh my gosh
Cara Kate the Karaka that's the one the
statio Vina butter sea so caramel Shaw
Bay Shore Bay counts as healthy right if
it's a straw bag so we've been talking
about the bean boozled challenge and
Rachelle thinks that it looks like a lot
of fun yes it's not fun it's horrible
I'm not gonna regret it you gonna try
I'm gonna get a good one to wait on I'm
not trying one as well okay we all have
to do one we all have to do one and will
you do one come on Zoe so he's not gonna
do it because she really really doesn't
like to talk being sick you guys know
that what I use sick easily and done
nothing like this
okay right so who's going fast you go
bad okay and you get some fresh water
for everyone but I've got some water
here as well if anyone needs it okay all
right so spin it once blue so that is
either oh I know that's not too bad
toothpaste or blue or berry blue
toothpaste isn't even bad very blue
no I what
it's another spin do another spin oh my
gosh okay that is either stinky socks or
tutti frutti stinky socks
good ones is that bad no what is this
stinky socks yeah is it bad does it
taste exactly like it no yeah T the
whole bag is it go show your dad wait I
feel under scared if I go lost then
there could be less good ones left
no yes yes your yard is sure got vomit
or peach no you got that when the void
one blue blue is toothpaste you can't do
that toothpaste isn't even bad orange
what ones that what color is that
wait is it white yeah baby wipes or
coconut okay baby white paper like so
bad
Oh Baby what a UI doesn't taste that bad
is it a bad like fresh ah going on yo go
ha it's a brand dog food or chocolate
pudding God which one are you gonna pick
it's not the dog food likewise ready no
I just don't see oh is it oh I wouldn't
do that one going just goes was it bad
did it taste like at your dog food oh my
gosh oh wait you've got your gums on
your desk
go get it cheering gum hi
I've got doing it I got my spin that's
one the long ass no I was Alvia was on
it oh ma I was all about the vomit one
come on yellow oh crap raw egg or
buttered popcorn no dough raw eggs not
even funny Bo
the world growing egg is like no Jelly
Belly jelly belly right which one is
that yellow if you start bagging I can't
code if I'm gay I'm just I'm gonna spit
it out otherwise I will be sick
I've had it I had this one for nurse
tray of had spit out sighs rotten egg
I why are we doing this this was meant
to be a set for a video and now we've
just done it
don't you dare move the pin break that
back okay despite my despite about half
of it good buy it buy it buy it oh my
god
but like oh my god honestly that's like
the worst thing in the world where
you're chewing gums a hand yo oh my god
that is like the worst one ever because
we got another parcel I'm so excited I
think I know what it is then dude dude
yes I'm so excited it's exactly what I
want it guys it's a new vlogging camera
it's the same one that I'm using now but
my one it hung up these are all here as
well there we go
yes let her show hasn't gone like a
little fluffy thing from the top of my
camera no so when I film the wind it is
horrendous
like now it's gonna be amazing thank you
so much I've got two new ones one for
Sean one for me as well one for the new
camera let me quickly let me put that
down this is what the current camera
looks like I bought this three weeks ago
Canon three weeks ago and it's already
like this so you flip it up and look oh
you can't you can't really see but it's
all like you see that look at that Canon
look at the monitor it's all broken
means
oh that's just falling this is it down
here we're on the new cam everybody this
is the old one the one that's broken let
me show you what I meant when I said it
was broken Canon what is this three
weeks I've had it Percy what you're
doing over there by yourself come and
hang out with us coming in good boy
hahaha it's the time of the month
everybody tonight right in no time great
open source park
the moment to appreciate the file I look
like a crusty tone compared to Raja Ravi
time Hey look at me rusty tone across in
total hmm this is my new camera and
imbalance and balancing yeah I was so
shiny I was like this is a giant
laughing I'll just have to do yeah in
the camera right so forth but you need
to get a dog dude I have a dog I have a
dog I haven't Airbnb dog every on the
shells gone Airbnb to pop here we got it
okey packaging now this part my video is
it's our 20 minutes
okay so sweeter drive it quick Hey HIV
yeah well everything is and then we'll
there sir no I think we should pick
something out and then you read it
Oh what about a drink watermelon right
no it's watermelon watermelon really
quick packaging I feel like this is
restaurant background old are you so now
okay can I try close my eyes and yeah
like II like more I feel like you're
gonna really like this
it's just leather healthy stuff yeah oh
you try that much ECEs I love what
amazing watermelon drinks aren't my
thang it's not for me it's right it's
not never drinks are warm I said I just
got hmm it's right on a celery yes I
don't really hang on enjoy distant love
done yeah yes no I know so news they
love and as cold as cold in ice yeah a
different game I'm gonna keep them put
it in the fridge maybe with vodka as
well just to take the edge off yeah why
was this chilly oh I feel like I'm going
to love this again
it's literally got a bird on it monkey
seeds tasty little toaster treats
chili bites oh it's spicy I don't use
see Smith I can't just any see this is
why I told you I can have the medium
thing today because my my version of
medium is like this is yummy RG spicy
there's no way that's not just literally
no strife guys know they eat that's okay
I literally in that week in the number
seven hello but just take this back knee
up and it you just tastes like a seed
yeah die spice yeah oh my god yes
don't worry we've got watermelon yeah
raspberry ripple snackbar Nadu so giant
you don't guys shut up
freaky I love to listen there yeah yeah
that was cool
how's that screw oh that's so cute yeah
I like that
oh thank you yeah really good I like
that is that I host it yeah did I not
get all healthy it's a fruit nut Bob
yeah I would smash our tenure then let's
get those in the other probably not
healthy be Italian or older
no glue Hanna chocolate no these guys
a massive in Oz and they are so good
like this is the kind of chocolate I
always have it's like your Gansey
hipster Bondi chocolate mmm yeah let's
do it
oh it looks like my face balls what I on
it love hearts and the love and stuff
just adequately delete some footage
we're back kind of chocolate all right
Oh have a little is it dog cuz you're
not a big fan of dogs I Drive I like it
yeah
well it's like super soft oh my god then
what employer mmm I mean really
surprised we don't like it I actually do
like it it's so good and it's like
really healthy boy this is like my
chocolate like manana that's what the
first dog the cherries are it's like you
just said it's very smooth so smooth
cherries are sweetness you don't invest
his dark hmm it's raw organic homemade
Luigi no dairy no soy gluten-free never
find sugar like soup or Gansey mmm like
I know okay okay yeah yeah
each more like it's like slightly bad
people out we're just like a little gals
it okay yeah oh that foolish can we kiss
just now about that yeah I guess you
just got dry a little bit so what would
you have that would like cereal we
reckon that might be like yoga yeah
mm-hmm
cuz nobody groan owners for sugary right
oh no no you don't know that you're off
it
I'm just not fan of orange unless it's
an orange that Terry shot girl yeah yeah
they're like my all-time Jamie except
for Easter
I've got to have Terry chocolate oranges
you know I think you might have one in
our cupboard no Josh yeah we do hey guys
everybody know I got your message
Michelle you have to close your eyes
it's not a chocolate orange wait me oh
sure loves Marmite like loves it
I mean there are no time like the night
banana there's been I've been so late
though I got I got it I got
would you eat winning spoon yeah yeah
yeah you guys see that you did a
Vegemite oh I just smell good done
yeah oh my god mama and cheese cheese
straws where do you have another no my
god okay
what about you Martin Cheney from so
Starbucks
we don't have Starbucks in Australia
hanky what is this
oh he's not turn his dog bucks I mean I
need we'll get one is it good yeah okay
wait I'm with other charities no run to
the dirtiest we've got woken up jokey
okay I thought it's gonna be a beef
jerky um we were saying like this what
makes it jerky look like maybe just the
texture I heard some anyway yeah I
reckon how I think we're a banana I
would published Oh honestly that looks
not look sure right think about
someone's skin tone I like everything
like a movie sure no now look it's not
oh look I know you've really put me off
it looks like skin okay no it's a taste
right
what kind of weight it is mass nice is
my barbecue what is that I'm just gonna
do it wonder team no not the team where
they sleep I didn't ruin the what oh
thank you what does it taste like
did you put like drops a book look let's
get it straight coconut is one of the
most delicious thing like who puts
barbecue on coconut okay suicide no but
I'm really sorry
a mighty be company I'm sure some people
will love your fun hunt it's just not
for me
Yeah right now maybe like I think maybe
if it was if we didn't think of it as
skin first job I mean I didn't pull it
out did you ever have fruit winders no I
think that's a rollup
it's like no roll it up yeah that's
basically I'm guessing it's the same
thing well as old on paper yeah yeah
roll up you know you can make those
really ever tried to make them Apple
blueberry and banana no I don't like the
degree but I like that
mmm I felt like that was wanted wait on
the box that retract flavoursome let's
retract you don't like Bluebird I don't
know I know what are you
one by one what is it about blueberry
that you don't like the taste you got
mixed berries you've got raspberries
you've got Jordan easily breezy breezy
always wasn't just aren't as good oh wow
oh yes I always need the blueberries to
the side mine's too and red pepper snack
now this is like healthy human hybrid
who has money stew for a snack
oh what's that really sticks in your
teeth oh yeah what's monster like the
littles not me green peas in the in the
pot why'd you call it monster egg would
you go to the mean the peas yeah we
happy
no we have games apiece but this is a
separate thing I think a little your
greatest oh that dissolve in your mouth
no you only meant eat the peas out there
ha ha so gullible
I have loads of these in are covered
already
really how come you like 26 calories
only 26 calories
yeah no least I probably know sure
anything in it's like just packed full
of fire burn only ever two ingredients
why which one do we go for we've got two
products left weird wrong no okay this
one is an organic oat bar full of
goodness naturally organic no I like
their logo oh very good
oh yeah well not our time that's good no
good
only a bit dry very touching
oh sorry my what if you a spectrum
better know what is it like I said oh oh
oh I really like this alright oh my god
these are really good that has my jaw
activated almonds yeah I want some more
of these happy ecstasy hmm what lemon
yeah after that I was really really like
this
yeah you do I'm really like panicked
oklet like they like my healthy favorite
to be honest with you like I'm so happy
that they're I hope they're coming to
the UK because that's awesome they're
real cool as a company they're all
handmade
um look Tara tripping orange yeah I love
it's just like a yeah not the healthiest
chocolate but it's like my you see I
freeze my chocolate up oh yeah how do
you eat yours room temperature cold or
frozen BACtrack you freezer IRA put one
in the freezer I do that for Easter eggs
because if I get two nice drones I'm
like I'm just gonna ride these out I
don't to say that this because I like a
cold when they're really hard
don't you like when it dissolves in your
mouth yeah yeah you're like me no
transcript stock I feel like you can't
taste it when it's frozen
let me get stuck water down my mouth
well it will anyway because it's chopped
nuts just froze oh but then you can't
taste it ya know if you got waitin to
clarified you have frozen chocolate just
like ready to go and in their own right
is not probably of some limit it's just
pouring chocolate from no maybe you see
not chocolate covered no and I don't
know I just know I haven't seen your
chocolate covered no yeah I can go
through your company I got here the
first it's the first time to your house
like I went to the bathroom I was like
alright guys thanks for sharing home I'm
going in the cupboards imagine that
imagine if it was like my first time
here you came in and I'm just liking
your cake drawer or something that's
where the chocolate is in the cake let
me bring just from one small cupboard I
think you should let her open a cup but
motorized I'm going to really this is
just the smallest cupboard uh-huh
there's two chocolate covered I'm still
in the box
that's just from one of the comments how
you both saying so fit if this was in
mine the other ones much more
interesting right I'm gonna cut the
video here hope you've enjoyed this part
you tired
oh maybe you're not justice you I just
want your arms out is it stuck
no there we go see you again before
binding agreement
gonna cuties
you
Wow
