good morning my friends good morning and
welcome back to another daily vlog here
in Brighton it is a beautiful day today
literally a blue sky like nearly as blue
as my beloved t-shirt that I'm wearing
today what are you up to let me know in
the comments what you're doing what
you're doing and how you are I'm so
obsessed with this water machine guys
good old Edgar's water I don't even know
if that's the company that actually sent
us this might just be the water company
thank you very much Edgar's water
delicious water freezing cold whenever
we want it in the office it's not the
morning it's far from the morning I have
had a super stressful day in the office
but it's been good but just one of those
days when I'm just like sitting on the
computer all day getting stuff done I've
been working to self a little backdrop
for the background of my videos that's
what a backdrop is Alfie nice one and at
the moment we're going with something
like this let me show you what it looks
like it looks like that kind of vibe
maybe a little bit more like like that
I don't know still sorting it out as you
know I'm going on a holiday soon for ten
days but I don't want to leave this
channel empty of content because I don't
daily blog my family holidays I just try
and have time off of daily vlogging I'm
really really relaxed like I did last
year and stuff so I want to try but I
don't want to miss uploading videos for
you because you guys are used to a video
every single day on this channel and
that's what I want to give you so I have
a ton of new videos to go up whilst I'm
away I haven't filmed them yet I'm gonna
come soon
what'd you put in that face out you're
not like my mango eat they're lime there
you gods on your nuts play your drum oh
you run you eat in the line you have to
eat a bite the peel we both show number
at the same time if it's the same number
you eat it if it is a different number
I eat er you need to say one or two if
we both say one or we mostly - you have
to eat it just a Pete like a mouthful if
we both say different numbers you say -
I say one I said one you say - then I
eat it
three two one two
yeah shame is me position my video no
yeah I'm not putting this in my video
this is gonna do now that was you you
know it will go to that I see them bad
this guy can I love you the feel kill ya
that's why men oh yeah no it did not
seen the bill okay
no I love like you know right long long
you got my life did you know that not so
not like long stray don't them down
you're practicing for when we go to the
pier TG side there were tennis you know
even ready
we've come to the pier to show Rochelle
true Brighton and it's so windy that we
think the rides are all closed what do
you think are bright and so far if you
like it's it the same way there's
Australia oh my gosh nobody else is here
all the tin cans everything my favorite
thing is all closed so disappointed
can you guys see the tiny little thing
in the distance the really tall ride
that's what Michelle is going on
tomorrow I'm definitely Nikon I can't I
decided I'm just gonna do it I don't
understand I just like calm enough to
pee Mak I'm too scared I'll do
everything else I'll do the roller
coasters and stuff for that long tall
one come on
boy if it broke off in your show mmm has
it ever broken up before no it's not
likely Sean are you gonna do it do you
want
that tall one huh oh go on to one will
you do the really do I will do turbo
delete delete delete which one the big
one or turbo the loop-de-loop basically
even you're both happy I can't do the
dog was it we'll see what happens or see
laughing thank you get in our province
telling you that you're not none of that
got none of that
goodbye see you later BAE BAE BAE we got
a delivery for me we've got a basketball
pump everybody finally Sean I can go and
play basketball this is a mouthpiece for
the GoPro almost this oh my Wi-Fi box
yes
check these so this here is a mouthpiece
but that I don't have to open or not I'm
not going to open it it's basically a
piece that you put into your mouth kind
of looks like the thing that you wear
when you play rugby like a mouth guard
that you can like that
it's basically so I can use both of my
hands in like RT filmed videos when I'm
on holiday whilst holding the camera you
stealing an uploaded video and I got two
of them because I got sure ones well and
then this Here I am so excited for it is
basically a wireless internet box
because it's 20 that is it this is it so
you put a sim card into this and it
boosts that wireless signal so when I go
board and I need internet I can buy a
SIM card abroad put it in there and I
will have Wi-Fi it's just going to be
like a savior this is going to be so
good for my daily vlogs
alright let's go upstairs as you can
tell guys I am NOT upstairs i completely
forgot to end the vlog yesterday so i
hope you've enjoyed the video if you
have give it a big ol thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow which is today for
me but I'll see you tomorrow basic in
tomorrow you might favor better than
oh this is good government
