good morning guys good morning how you
doing it is not that much of a lovely
day here I'm at Bluewater we've all come
shopping together for the holiday where
that's definitely not my dad is er there
is like a glass wall here mom and dad
are already in John Lewis in the cafe
it's quite early and we've all come
shopping to get some holiday bits today
we you're right there we trying to push
over how do we get there rose-gold peed
rose-gold p that was the park in
together
yeah we go through that I've got to
carry on my laptop everybody the
commitment of being a daily vlogger look
at you with your old rose gold shoes
rolls gold you know again are they real
gold 24 karat rose gold 24 rabbit camera
yeah look at that look charge box free
as well this is that you are saying my
vlog the other day you know they saw my
blog they put it there for us that's
crazy
we finished chuck rat first or sunglass
shopping at the moment which is the bane
of my life because I've such a big head
the no sunglasses ever look good on me
these ones are thick look ok what do you
think those are my wonky eyebrow up here
so this ball sticks out always look you
see it being sticking out
howdy partner they look like oh yeah
by their their okay I'm going to put
them up there there maybe I do need a
pair of sunglasses for this holiday
we've also already been Therese I got
that bag there dad's over there some way
he's got a couple of bags broke these
are going to look so ridiculous you
joking let's get the mission
accomplished
these All Saints lights are amazing look
at that let's just say the shopping is
going incredibly well so far we've just
picked up a load of bags off of the
girls as well but three bags on me dad's
got a little bag Sean's got a load of
bags
we're headed to drop all the stuff back
at the car and then we're going to carry
on and then we're going to get some
lunch as well
we need to the Adams draw as well as we
need to upload we're not getting bored
Raiders we're not Sean is making me
obsessive trainers
it's not that thing have you only
flip-flops oh he was flip but I've got a
fair bit what I'm getting those mayfly
woven son yeah I've got them but don't
have them in great I'll bet you they're
my farms no Jay what you got I'm wearing
flip-flops I got a pair of white plain
is a lot have banners or whatever they
are yeah plain white van is goodbye just
gonna grab a juice red grapefruit
passion for an apple that's the guy
check this guy's
yeah
Joe and the juice what is on the bottom
there's our seeds in there
Wow immunity it's going to boost it I
can tell Warren holidays mum's birthday
so we've come to get her birthday card
we've separated up still it's still boys
and girls flip shopping the night before
I thought this one was a good shout but
that says they've already had it from
somebody before damn it you never ever
see black punks
and cards they're always the fun ones so
don't to go for these are cool Daniel
Wow upside down I found my favorite
things
today's upload internet was provided by
Apple thank you very much uploading one
they go as per usual anything upload
complete thank you very much Apple for
let me borrow your wife I didn't really
have a choice so I just went in then
uploaded thank you so much Shawn also
what a hard drive to back up all these
videos and everything easy I think hard
drives are the most expensive thing in
the entire world like whoever makes hard
drives please make them cheaper because
they're so expensive lunch duh oh this
feels like we're going into someone's
house
successful shopping so far what have you
got we bought a duvet
did you buy a duvet no a bloomin Dubey
that is the thickest throw I've ever
seen I like it though I'm not too fast I
don't have to tell Oh
we finished up lunch absolutely
delicious well though I think I couldn't
pick a main course I should have filmed
it to show you I am kind of it for three
it's all sides instead which were good
we just dropped off more bags back at
the car and we're heading over back
tonight because I bought mum some new
gym shoes which way should I learn here
because I bought mom some new gym shoes
but they're a bit too big hikes and he
bought the size too big so we're going
to go and change them up and then and
then one thing that I love to do on
holiday is read like I'm gonna be honest
I don't really read too many books at
all or much reading really oh look
what's here just as we walk in
hey um yeah I don't really read too much
a set from when I'm on holiday I just
read nine strong we're going to try and
find some good holiday reads what you
know anything comment it down below but
I don't know what I'm into because I
only ever read when I'm an holiday
Darren Shan give the Harry Shum and
Lemony Snicket blue waters favorite teen
fiction that's crazy
and love the cover of this that looks so
good Conor you can't look at this kick
caster you put in the microwave sweet
potato kick outs it just seems wrong but
it
I think we need to do it Shan Mei
congratulations and caught up Emile
subscribers I need you there you go bro
quarter million he's done it is it full
why did people have just been dumping
stuff in there oh hey woo I won I won
we've officially been shopping for about
five six of us now the boys are
completely finished we've got everything
and more than what we needed what you're
doing in the background and the girls
are still shopping I actually no wait we
need two more things need a white shirt
for dad and a belt for Dad
but that's what we're buying right now
and then we're completely done oh my God
look at mums new shoes check them
do you like them golden look at you
slows gold and go it are you sick
alright let's go Bob did you pull on the
window fee shards and unhand any shot on
the windows ah look at this a set for
the thumbnail for poppy boot on the
window so please don't please don't
please don't there's no need to go okay
cuz I'm tiny sure this race is all fake
uh yeah
I have what my CV I want to get anyone's
wondering you got me
just like we're back home and apparently
oh you bought me a present today I have
no idea what it is think about like
pincers what if it's a spider Zoe
where's that a straw Oh like a balloon
that's so cute you're my favorite Thanks
yay okay it kind of reminds me all right
we've just realized that mum and dad
haven't tried the ice cream gelato place
you know the one that we're obsessed
with and we've still got a little oh you
broke air we've still got a liter left
oh that's why you left this is it no oh
it is there we go oh my gosh
is there any carrot cake left there must
be it was my right let me try and find
you some carrot cake mum oh great you
pick up for the dogs put it on there you
can eat that that's fine
your best bit is off the floor no
there's not there's not gone oh my love
what one is that I think it's carrot
cake oh my isn't that insane Oh having a
karacake is that those major actual
carrot cake strawberry and white
chocolate this one's pretty good meat
right isn't it good it's insane oh yeah
that one oh my gosh I love this Nutella
it's currently 1:30 a.m. in the morning
1:30 Bobby and Shawn are asleep above me
so I've got to be super quiet
I've just got home from meeting and
hanging out with
my friend Michelle who I've never
actually met before
remember when Sam Evans you guys
remember Sam when he came and stayed
here all the way from Australia and we
hung out for a few days with Louie cold
and we made a ton of fun videos he's
like an amazing filmmaker or his best
friend Michelle is over from Australia
she was doing a trip in like I wanna say
Barcelona I'm not a hundred percent sure
I think of a Barcelona and then she's
come over to London and Brighton for a
couple of days and yeah we've chatted on
my Instagram stuff me her boyfriend and
Sam for a while but we've never actually
met but I've met Sam you guys remember
when I met Sam but I've never met her
before so we just met up for the first
time had a drink together and just
chatted talked about meditation she is a
meditation teacher coach I think its
teacher meditation teacher and also help
never I've never tried meditation before
but it's something that really really
interests me so we just showed a ton
about meditation and YouTube and
Instagram blog in and Australia and have
boyfriend's films and videos that he
makes and Sam Evans and how much we both
miss him and just had a really really
good evening but I'm back home now is
1:30 and I'm going to end the vlog here
so you've enjoyed today if you have give
it a big ol thumbs up as usual go down
below and hit the subscribe button hit
the thumbs up button show the video some
love leave a lovely comment and I'll
catch you tomorrow good say good morning
guys
haha
