good morning Darla you can say good
morning to everyone
yeah say come on him he's just sleepy
you too tired
say good morning guys
good morning good morning good morning
guys how you doing hope you are having a
lovely day my hair still looks just as
ridiculous as the end of yesterday's
vlog I'm just left up in this little
knock thing to get out of the way of my
face don't worry I'm not going to start
wearing something like top not just
getting out away whilst I'm whilst I'm
in bed
currently Ed's not the vlog I've just
finished internationally so I hope you
enjoyed yesterday's vlog loads of fun
from summertime Paul good morning little
one did you shove you on your socks they
say no they don't
we're here oh my gosh
darling let me see your little socks I
looks like you've got gel in your hair
now let's show everyone your Joe tear
look at that I know I know it's not
really gel guys it's like it's called
abaca which basically stops her up again
please doesn't it alright today's task
is a very important one that I've been
needed to do I've been needed to do I
have needed to do for literally four
months now I tried to do it once and
gave up halfway through but today today
it's the day to tidy and go through all
of my clothes I never ever ever throw
away or charity clothes I just keep them
all in this room here it is like full
but I don't wear like 90% of them and
I've bought so many new clothes recently
like yesterday I went shopping as well
but I haven't cleared out the ones that
I don't wear we've got tons of shoes
here we've got drawers and drawers and
drawers we'll there we've got this
wardrobe
absolutely full down there as well down
there and then this is the messy part
here here here all of this on the bed
all of this here that over there some
shoes under there some more shoes in
boxes I just
it's got out of hand it's got incredibly
out of hand and don't think these are
all new clothes don't comment down below
ten oh my god I'm so jealous you have so
many clothes Alfie that's way more than
me please please please don't be
commenting that because I'm 22 years old
and I've been collecting clothes like
every time I buy clothes I don't charity
or throw them away I just keep them and
like I said I literally do not wear most
of these clothes so I'm gonna make a
massive charity pile like bin liners and
bin liners and bin liners full of
charity clothes and only keep the
clothes that I actually wear often
otherwise I'm not going to keep it I'm
not sure if you guys remember but a
while ago and I've been I've mentioned
it a couple of times I'm going on a
family holiday with poppy Shan mum and
dad and Zoe
unfortunately dogs can't come we're
going away in less than a couple of
weeks less than two weeks now we are
going away we're going away for ten days
as well we've got somebody living on in
our house to look after neither my purse
of somebody living in their house and
look after Noah I think my sister's got
friends living in their house so two
hours later everybody we're getting
somewhere
I'm not quite sure where we're getting
somewhere this is a keep pile all of
that has been tidied away that is a keep
pile that's to see if Shaun wants any of
that because that's all medium and I'm
now a large but Shaun's a medium so
they're all really nice clothes but just
too small for me
this here those for a full for charity
and then if we poke our head in there
that stuff those keeping but just dirt
it needs to be washed then look at the
drawers the drawers are all like empty
so good this has still got some bits in
it I'm just keeping this stuff no it's
all empty are you trying to hint to
mummy and daddy that you're hungry you
trying to hint to us that you're hungry
you playing with a carrot you trying to
eat my food are you I've been sitting
here with a camera rolling for the last
like 24 seconds
and I still haven't said anything
because I try and keep these videos as
positive and uplifting as possible but
today I haven't been feeling very well
I've just felt a little bit under the
way they're not like anything particular
just you know when you just feel a week
and you feel like you're about to get
ill one and I've just had a bath than
just you know I'm not in the mood
basically I'm just not in like a great
headspace today I'm not feeling very
well as I said and like all this stuff
over the last couple of days is
literally just undone I first with
Christina and now I've all and oh like I
don't know guys the worlds of blooming
scary place like I don't really know
what to say about that it's just
horrific like it needs to stop I don't
know how exactly we can make it stop
because obviously like banning guns from
America making them illegal I don't
really know what to say to be honest we
basically haven't really been filled I
haven't felt I blog it much today cuz I
don't feel very well and I've just had
so much in my mind and just the fat
light and I found out after watching
Christine on YouTube for like literally
years you guys know how long I've been
watching YouTube and how many like
covers i watch and and the fact I've
done so many meet-and-greet myself and
it just scares the hell out of me like
that could have just been anyone
absolutely anyone and something to take
your life away like that like it's so
messed up that someone can take someone
else's life because they want to just
but I don't even I don't really talk
about like politics and stuff like that
in these videos I never really mentioned
too much stuff but this in particular
makes me so
angry let's so angry and what makes me
even more angry is that I don't know how
we can stop it stop all of this happen
in quickly like I just read a second it
goes something along the lines of I'm
going to get it slightly wrong but
something something like a hundred and
seventy four mass shootings have
happened in America in 2016 and there's
been 163 days or something there was
more mass shootings happening in America
than there are days so far this year the
net odd day is date that I don't want to
bring the whole video down and talk
about sad times and things but stuff
needs to change in the world and we need
to make that happen we need to make this
place a more positive world and let's
stop small in fact no let's not start
small let's just on every aspect we can
possibly do if you're watching this and
you can vote in some kind of election or
change in the area that you live in make
sure that you are always voting and
that's whoever you want to vote in
because we can't have people running our
country people running like the world
who we don't want running here so make
sure you are always voting please just
make sure that we need to just make this
world more happier and more positive but
we need to just cut things like bullying
like homophobia we need to educate our
children we need to educate each other
if you see bullying going on or people
being sexist or homophobic or tell them
they're wrong we need to stop this stuff
before people were brought up thinking
it's okay to be a bully before they
therefore then teach their children that
it's okay to bully others and I don't
know what the answer is I really really
don't I would say comment it down below
but I don't want to create some massive
kind of political and world debates all
I'm saying is there is so much flavor
not as one to the shower there is so
much crazy stuff going on in this world
at the moment and we
need to stop that we need to stop it
like me you watching this video
everybody we all have a say everybody on
this earth is equal starting right now
right this second we're gonna make the
world a better place we're gonna make it
more positive we're gonna make a real
difference if you can see them in my
boxers
I'm very sorry as I just said to you I
just got out the bar I'm gonna put on
some comfortable clothes and go make a
hot chocolate Cameron there one come on
let's go downstairs come on look at her
just sit in there come on numel there
isn't that good friends of Norman's so
far so let's see what she does when she
spots him nah that's Norman you have to
be nice to him Oh
Oh who's this no no it's nice
good boy Norman Norman I just kind of
say you know she's like no job
I'm even gonna bark at him or I'm gonna
ignore him giving him give him didn't
come out so for a week let's talk about
my main YouTube channel because I
haven't uploaded on there in like three
weeks now very very sorry about that
I've actually got like my next 12 videos
all in a row
planned and bad you guys know I told you
a while ago in a daily blog I don't
really enjoy filming main Channel videos
by myself as much anymore because I
talked to you guys so regular what every
single day on this channel and then went
from gaming videos I'm normally by
myself as well I kind of say everything
that I want to say in these vlogs like I
used to sit down on my main channel and
just talk to you about things that are
on my mind and I love that but I kind of
do that in these videos now so I don't
really feel the need to do that on my
main youtube channel like if I do a Q&A
on my main channel it's kind of a bit
useless because I can do it in my daily
vlog or I cannot see your questions more
often in these videos so doing stuff in
my main channel by myself isn't as a
feeling to me now creating the content
because I can do that in these videos
that you're watching right now what is
that bit of hair doing get up
I haven't even done my hair just got out
the shower and left it's right by itself
so um yeah my main youtube channel I
kind of just want it to be with friends
with family with whoever wants to be in
a main Channel video because because I
have so much fun when I film with other
youtubers or friends or family or
whoever in a video with somebody else
and if I'm having more fun then often
you guys have more fun watching the
video you didn't even go to the toilet
you just want out so I don't run around
so that's what I'm gonna do you know I'm
gonna start filming all of my main
channel videos almost I'm not gonna say
all of them I don't wanna stick to like
stick to it being all in them I might
have a video idea on my main channel by
myself that I love and I really do want
to do I'm just gonna put me down guys to
make hot chocolate but obviously filming
that main channel video with somebody
else in it I have to have that somebody
else there with me to film and that is
the difficult thing youtubers are all
over the world traveling they're always
busy they're always in some kind of
meeting doing some kind of something
somewhere that it's hard to pin them
down a second Zoe because I live with
her so that's a little bit easier but
other than me but Marcus is in LA at the
moment Troy is on tour constantly like a
literally I that boy is all over the
world
Tyler away Connor away Joe is actually
away at the moment he is abroad today
ollie white away on tour
Casper away on draw Jim and Tanya I
think Jim's got like Fashion Week err
the list goes on and on and on everybody
is so busy all of the time which is
amazing because I'm like super proud of
my friends doing so much I'm literally
just making my hot chocolate but it's a
little bit harder to make videos with
friends when your friends are busy so
just stick with me on the videos the
main channel is going to be launching
again there will be a video every single
Sunday coming soon but thank you for the
laughing the sport on the channel still
and just staying relaxed and knowing
that videos will be coming but I'm just
trying to I don't I want to try a film
like four or five videos
in in like a week or two so that I'm
always ahead of myself so that I don't
ever miss videos again that is the aim
I've planned the next 12 videos and I'm
gonna film them all but I just need
people to be free to film the width as
I'm sure you'll understand guys I have
taken all advertising off of this video
because I don't want to earn anything
like not even one penny what I'm talking
about crazy things happening in the
world so I'm gonna in the book here I'm
gonna put my braces and hit the bed you
didn't know I still do wear braces yeah
I'm gonna head bed now if you've enjoyed
the video sorry there was a little bit
down a little bit slow just one of those
times at the moment guys and tomorrow
I've got a super fun day planned with a
family so I'll see you then give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it I'll
see ya two more good night
