look at there go no there show everyone
your hoodie show them a little youtube
hoodie good morning guys good morning a
good morning I'm currently out for lunch
thank you we've just come to Oaxaca and
Brighton which is pretty new I'm wanting
to come a couple of times but I haven't
managed to make it down here yet we're
sitting outside in the Sun it is lovely
day I know
Maddy to say yesterday though do you
kids there's so much choice and then
what to go for
how many things do we get do we get that
one or two things each well three or
four how do you how do you do it
little starters have arrived this looks
delicious
I'm so glad that it's nice weather
welcome thank you one of my three
courses has arrived chicken Tinga dog I
have no idea what just happened
everybody he came over he came open
second I sent you a song I said can i
film it and then he tried singing I love
you baby and then we'll talk usually
below a sausage are you sleepy
we finished up lunch that was absolutely
delicious we've just come to a light
bulb shop a shop that just those light
bulbs though he's buying turned them the
bulb that you're buying a big old one
literally is it does it look like one of
these that's so cool
these are sick on they you guys are
going to start to think that we're
getting paid or sponsored to go here
we're not otherwise you'd see an ad in
the video this is genuinely the third
time this week for me the fourth time
for Zoe the fourth time for and and the
first time for Carrie this is your first
time oh my gosh this is kind of
embarrassing food hygiene rating five
out of five
oh my gosh today's pick was banana bread
and Nutella oh my gosh
yeah every other flavors taste so real
though the woman said she made a banana
bread cake and that goes into the ice
cream show them show everybody your neck
probably got a nice little red tattoo
there earlier
it's so nice I flipped her in the net I
flicked during the necklace
during the neck and it's got oh don't
start up my shoes get let go my dog she
doesn't love you she looks so scared
okay kiss puppy go on she licked a bum
hole a minute ago Oh who Brad go outside
here you go gorgeous don't tell mommy
okay see you in a bit you're watching
the TV enough Missy look at she loves
watching the TV I don't get why look at
as I wait so we started today off with a
photo shoot for Stand Up to Cancer it
went so well I didn't blog any of it
because I didn't know whether the people
in the shoot to like the director the
photographer or everyone there were the
members of staff from sound of accounts
whoever they would want to be in the
vlog or not and it's always a bit
awkward when I'm vlogging people that I
don't now I look like I'm underwater
sorry about the lighting the TV is the
only lighting I've got me now I look
like I'm sunburned so I didn't really
feel much I filmed a couple of shots
just to show you guys I'll inside there
now
but other than that I didn't really
shoot anything at the photo shoot
however it went super well and all of
the pictures and all of the stuff that
we got out of the shoot I'll let you
guys know when it goes live and
everything I learnt so much about can I
just didn't I thought I knew most things
I learned so many there's over 200 types
of cancer and the amount of things that
we learned today about ways or methods
or new like methods to try and be cancer
they're going on some crazy crazy stuff
like treatment project the common what
they called basically like different
ways to try and cure cancer and some of
the ways they're doing them are working
like phenomenally well in the lab and
just aren't it all out to humans and
anyways I try and leave a link down
below to where you can you guys can
check out some stuff but obviously I'm
sure you already all know stand up to
cancer after that we went out for lunch
and then we got some ice cream then we
headed back home Zoey and I had a
meeting from 3 o'clock from 3 o'clock
and it didn't end until 6 o'clock it was
so long
then we went straight from that meeting
to another meeting that didn't end till
8 o'clock so I didn't feel much of the
shoot which was from 9:00 to 12:00 then
I had 12 to 3 which you guys saw I went
and air too much ice cream and then I
edited the vlog and tried to get
everything up as quick as I could before
my meeting which was basically from 3
p.m. until 8 p.m. so that's why there
hasn't really been much vlog today
everybody so what I'm gonna do now is
not end the vlog right this second I've
got such an exciting day happening
tomorrow like sorry exciting Sean's
coming along with me it is gonna be
crazy so I'm gonna leave future Alfie
tomorrow's Alfie to do some something
fun for this vlog with Sean in the car
on the way to the exciting thing that
we're doing tomorrow sounds a bit
confusing
let me pass over to future Alfie hello
previous blog
how you do it enjoy me today in the car
on the way to and I'm not going to tell
you where I'm going I'm sorry if the
audio is bad I'm literally in a car at
the road but what weight or kinda like a
man anyway something super super
exciting for as bran-new just today for
me joined with mr. Sean in a corner over
here I was going to do a little Q&A
segment now the end of this long because
I don't really feel much of yesterday
but one of the most popular gaming
videos that I make is called would you
are though either dot IO and it's
basically a website or an app obviously
this is not opposite where it gives you
two things what you'd rather do and if I
click on one of them it tells me which
one most people voted if that makes
sense
so I'm sure would you are that not be
able to taste or not be able to smell
by the way guys is 7 a.m. 7 a.m. on a
Saturday
would you have an order to taste an
order to spell I thought I'd smell would
affect you more because you only eat who
your deal I have to keep on like three
times and Andy you have imagined if you
smell really bad but you didn't realize
if you a little taste food then you can
eat it if you did taste food I'll just
be like really healthy like a in that
sample that I've been I'll be like okay
it's just good as chocolate it's just
good but you were prepared to tell the
tip that is why I guess they won
the taste I love eating
I love eating like good food I'm gonna
say smell so what was really click taste
or smell which one do we think is my
father
don't be able to taste
24% said not be able to taste 76% of
people said not be obtuse now
something the vast majority again mr.
another one it's no good or bad thing
it's just what people feel they're
probably able to taste that smell
let me know these things for you in the
comments would you Arthur in any given
situation would you rather I need a
coffee so bad would you rather be the
first to die or the last to die the new
experience everyone else dying
imagine a lower status I'm glad you read
the last verse would have to know it but
now I just be like I've got the top of
Mount Everest be like oh they'll be like
free range of damping
if you against know what to like enjoy I
know Jackie it's just you all hiding
that has rocked me pockets are scared
you'd be be the loss for the life by
yourself I think I'd be the last one I
did not definitely be the last one the
last to die 57 percent 43 said there
Norma be the first to die I jerk it
imagine someone like Zoe my mom of the
poppy poppy of a death that should be
like yeah yeah should I get me out here
oh my gosh okay now the question I like
these because they're so random
yeah although they're all user-submitted
on the side would you are that be forced
to watch TV all of the time or genitals
ya know or jt65 setting up 700 certo
would you rather sit at a cold toilet
seat or walk
whoa whoa to me they say hang on it
before they caught no eyebrow I was just
thinking this suckers each of our public
toilet
avoid a war public toilet oh there's a
hair on it
hold the eggs then you know it hasn't
been previously sat on 53% say cold
that's pretty close though
it's pretty nice against oh come on
would you rather be full force slap to
my slap and full force by UFC fighter
like that you'd be out will force to
lick dog turd again
by the history of dad the sake doctor
heal it doctor
of course for that snap would like where
your door a UFC fighter ever will feel
about you do for you would literally
void my job is never the same shame or
like my nose but if they just broke your
face
I'm just going for a cheeky little like
this right touch it or imagine actually
a proper love ice-cream lay flat on no
then I'd rather be sacked
then I'd robbery slap no
if it's just a title or like getting on
a zoo and just gotta this they long said
I don't do that already
yeah okay for you said 68 certain said
slapped while we're thinking about a USM
sex act
that's called 611 thousand votes and by
the way if I sound weird today
my hey V was going crazy would you
rather meet your future self or your
future kids
I suppose actually a you don't have over
that what they did everything imagine us
or my future self and I was like covered
in tattoos you like pink dye hair right
what am I going to get into it life
longer changed so much and you imagine
you saw yourself same as really like a
really boring job and you were just like
really sad but you just watching
yourself being really sad
so as their future self yeah 61% so
future self last one really random would
you rather not be able to sit down but
no be able to stand out
you guys started yeah give me the
wheelchair but you come on in that's a
bad thing I'm just saying though but you
couldn't sit down I'm a comedian too
bitches dad you standing on that roast I
don't know ever Lloyd ow kisses lie down
in the car I can just fall over
pick me pick me sit down I would just
get some kind of like rock climbing
harness from the seated so that I can
just like sway that lean each I'd I just
have to buy the world as hard as shoes
in
yeah that have like metric out of the
legs so you don't have to Bernie likes
to staff anyways this is getting weird
guys let me know some of the answers
your would you offer things in their
comments I hope you enjoyed the video as
I said I only had like three hours
yesterday free that I can actually blog
everything else I wasn't allowed to film
so I made the most out of it I hope
you've enjoyed it you enjoyed it I'm
doing it we're doing something super sad
today so get excited for tomorrow's vlog
I will catch you then
good oh give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it good bye - bye - bye oh my
god
