oh my god good morning guys good morning
how Nath you're doing a little bit of a
late start to the vlog today Matt
tonight and then just been sitting down
in a meeting just about future stuff and
working on things exciting stuff coming
soon
we've just popped out the office to grab
some lunch it is a beautiful day
I've even got shorts on in yesterday's
video and then if you're gonna hear like
the Mexican music as well from this
place right outside dot sombreros never
heard of it before are we going in here
we're gonna sneak away let's head up
there and get brie checking the other
picture on the corner how are you two
enjoying the weather Angie and she came
in to work in jeans today so then had to
go and buy a dress because it was so hot
it's boiling so we're gonna grab some
takeaway food and head to the beach I
haven't even had breakfast yet I need to
start getting into the into the rhythm
of eating work mr. Seagal I'm vlogging
and he's driving breakfast every day
guys come to another next replace this
one does do take aways it's like a it's
going to let you put there kind of IFIF
you're fallen
choose what you want and then make it in
London yeah hey Can I grab a burrito
bowl please
all right let's go Lodge let's do it I
grab the black ones a healthier yeah and
I got those runs yeah thank you so much
yeah
thank you Levent is just giving us the
burrito bowls for free thank you so much
thank you thank you so much thank you
man thank you I kind of drank most of it
but look at the color with this lime
soda
it's literally like neon yellow it's
delicious though justice up your sugar
yeah I am like 99% sure watch out go
away that I'm gonna get pooed on I don't
like this I don't want to look up don't
get food on my face I'm so sure guys
that I'm going to get pooed on I'm
really scared
just finished up eating my burrito which
was absolutely delicious it was so good
and it was even better because it was
free everything tastes better when it
was free so again I didn't get it for
free I did already paid before the guy
offered to give them for free we're just
heading to our favorite spot this will
be my second time their second of many
to come this your third Maddie's never
been before this is the ice cream place
I went the other day in the video when
we got the carrot cake ice cream sorry
I'm not paying attention much the
certainly seagulls I'm scaling Liat
pooptron Maddy's about to try the
cheesecake no not the cheese get the
carrot gate daddy's about to try the
carrot cake God let's see what you think
isn't it insane this is exactly
I've got Zoey and luta oh my gosh that
looks ridiculous
hahaha yeah let's do it
but whatever you think tastes good oh
yeah bit of Mohito one thank you oh my
gosh that looks amazing thank you so
much I just add double scoop ice cream
after a large burrito bowl my stomach is
about to explode Zoey's not feeling too
great at home she's not like ill oh I
don't think she's just not feeling 100%
today and she was going to come for
lunch with us but she decided to just
stay at home and relax and stuff like
that instead to try and feel a little
bit better so as you saw I thought it'd
be a good idea to cheer her up to buy
her a liter which is something like 14
scoops of ice cream
14 maybe even 18 scoops I don't know I
basically just said put all of the best
flavors in there for me somebody's just
headed back home now she's taken that to
Zoey to give to her as a present however
I want to try this this arrived this
morning look at it
we've got office water like a proper
water machine let's try it out the very
first time it feels nice and cold mmm
wow that is cold oh yeah these are sick
yeah they're so cool these are to store
stuff in the office man that's awesome
yeah okay that's like that shop in town
doesn't it they haven't hand stuff on
the wall all right the whole gang it is
time to leave the office the studio
fingers the pad is like 10:00 to 6:00 at
the moment in the evening very
productive day spent most of the day
number one getting excited about the new
water supply that we have or a child
doing a doula chewing-gum for the road
and it is actually the boat because I've
got my car
so yesterday I drove to the office and
and then I ended up going out for dinner
last night and getting drinks so I
couldn't drive my car home obviously
because I have two cocktails so I had to
leave it in a car park overnight it was
quite an important dinner with my
publishers and everything like I told
you so
so I just have to do it and enjoy the
dinner I'm really really worried that
I'm going to get like a bill for like 50
pounds now for my parking or something
there's not really much I can do my cars
in the car park and I can't get it out
with that hey I've come to realize
something recently and I wanted to bring
up in the vlog because I feel it's
important I've come to realize that some
people in life won't like you sometimes
there's reason sometimes there's not a
reason and that's okay that's just life
haha my tickets sitting in the window I
left it there yeah
28 pounds isn't too bad I mean like it's
a stupid amount of money for parking but
considering the cars been here one day
in eight hours in Brighton that's a lot
cheaper than what I thought it would be
I thought it was going to be like 50
quid or 100 quid
anyways let's try for me to drive home
so I'm going to put you guys away no
distractions while some drive it de la
hi hello doggies hey doggies you both
car my you why are you guys so calm I
bought so much stuff for a secret video
coming up with Zoe that I can't show you
but also somewhere in here is a
basketball that I bought and I don't
know which box is in shake them let's
try and take one get yeah but it must be
flat is it this one I think this one's
it yeah that one's it man that's mighty
basketball imagine so much fun that
Shaun opens the first one and it's
insider hey hey that's gonna be so good
look at it watch this
why doesn't it bounce we've got an issue
I do have a pump for a bicycle but that
means that it doesn't have the little
needle bit that goes into the ball oh
man no bball today I want to play today
oh really well place the baby where will
show on its own mind Statuary drive to
Asda
Jack and aster yeah definitely look this
guess what's the tiny 8 o'clock
what about Halfords toys r us toys are
right sir
4 times of switch eyes closed 9 a.m. to
8 p.m. the time is four minutes to eight
Dryden of your mouth it might work
oh you've got it hi yes
that's not working man Zoey's sorting
out all her wardrobe how's it going how
long have you been doing it for since
I'll pass - you're crazy no no let me
say hello to everyone how you doing I
catch you in a little bit I'm gonna
bring you back dinner though after we
play basketball
Don't Tell mommy I've done this okay you
sell there and enjoy that don't tell
mommy that was an interest in drive we
literally had somebody follow me in
their car from outside my house all the
way around here which is like a long
drive away so we were like purposely
going outside roads they were following
me down side roads I like pulled over in
the middle of nowhere on the side of the
road and then I Drive a bus really slow
it was weird
it was weird anyways we got here now
we're currently at Asda and we've just
come to get some tissues I do like these
ones yeah and then you're using are they
your first to be quite small dick do you
come with apart one take
is that a real one fingers crossed they
have football hoops or bike my friend
Harley would love one of them think how
much Hollywood love that which one
all of them is pretty dark rising shall
I get her on made out of it
like five of us that's not like she
would honestly love it okay do I buy it
and put it in my car now until I next
see her or do I buy it when I next see
her no there's only one what should I
buy it now one of these nine okay let's
buy it you grab him is he like me my boy
you take him we need him I think Tony
sounds like a good name look at his eye
oh hey how you doing hey ma me Marie man
he's so sick oniy Haney the name Tony
the gnome
there we go Holly no he's not why Norman
Norman I mean that does sound like a
good night he does suit a Norman doesn't
it it does suit Norman is there any
youtuber books here honestly
oh look at that who do I stop here is
mr. Caspar Lee the guy said
he thinks they sell some kind of pumps
definitely not football pumps Sean the
guy said he thinks they sell pumps
definitely not football pumps as they
don't have too little clear let's go
Shane they don't have any they have then
you have pumps for like blowup
mattresses and stuff that's not what we
need can't play basketball block
mattress Kenya
you still got Norman that's the
important thing coming there Norman
let's do this matey where do we even
scan him on his little foot on this
thank you for thank you I need to put
them in the bagging on go on you pop him
down there thank you so much
all right let me in him a match in
they've got shades on look at that
you lay down in there be comfortable
there we go
sleep tight hey mr. Boddy no no way shut
up see you later man see you in a bit
come back ha ha oh my god is he stolen
your board oh no oh oh
nearly had a crash join a racemate going
them thanks me come on then let's go
normally this is so sketchy a lot of
summers on this up metal oh yeah the
last time Chalmers on the boosted board
you guys remember he fell off and busted
all his arm open and now he's riding it
with Norman Norman slow down Norma man
high-five me this is the most ridiculous
thing in the world if for some reason
you're watching this vlog Holly I hope
you enjoy norm once I give him to you as
much as we've enjoyed him to like the
gnome no we haven't stolen it we bought
that they think we stolen him we're
meant to be here playing basketball and
there's a free hoop hey I then oh they
watch the videos we could play with
their basket will they watch the videos
normally when people shoot vlogs and
videos on boosted boards and stuff they
normally have drones and really artsy
nice shots with cool music instead we
just take norm out for a ride oh no
watch out Oh
I saved you are you happy don't worry
still happy it's all good yes boy is so
happy I would finally manage locate
basketball it's not ours
we've bored these kids what are your
names Taryn
nice to meet you guys hi playing the
game a pig if you don't know what this
is somebody shoots if they make the shot
everyone else has to make try make the
same shot if you don't get it then you
get a letter slice it's kind of like
skate but basketball whoa
Shawn and I just got absolutely slammed
like literally absolutely slammed by
those kids and I swear the kid that one
was the smallest kid so short and he
must how old Jack and that boy was maybe
like ten but ten or 11 or 12 years old
or something absolutely smashed us he
won the game he won horse yeah that's
why we need to we need to get a pump
from somewhere bro and start practicing
look at him
Nana who's this it's only Norman it's
Norman I know how do you say he's nice
she likes him good girl we got some
pizzas did it didn't thank you so much
right Shawn bought these thanks Shawn
though he's going to get the ice cream
oh my god hey that's not why boy you
look lemon age that ice cream what is
that paint Oh awesome
no it's not hey they look like green
paint Oh No
they call Stu's yeah this one da I don't
know all do the might know all I said to
the woman what is that no we're gonna do
a ice-cream guessing challenge
no no no but not yet I want to do that
but I want to go to the ice cream place
and ask for one of every scoop you guys
do know my family flavors order well
isn't that no that's 25 oh and now I
don't know I just asked the woman can
you give me all the best flavors I like
the tray so this looks like carrot cake
okay right I don't want any of that oh
my god Sean okay everyone take a spoon
yes same mother thing this green one
this is mikito
Wow this is not Mohito I've got my left
hand okay
definitely what you just said you want
us try the same time no no you know what
it looks a bit like mashed potato with
let pasty no joy yet eat it that's the
most insane thing I've ever eaten in my
life
that's better than some mijitos about
yeah that definitely okay going in for
an Oscar yeah me think this case wait
wait wait wait this one tastes exactly
like the bottom you know that ice cream
van those guys passion fruit oh my god
Twitty with that top face yeah see you
later bye bye bye bye hello friend can i
film you please I bought your present I
want to show you if I want to film your
reaction you do you ready to see your
present I hope you like it
shall I spit fire
yeah you should bite sure how big it is
promise you I bought this for you today
whoa
did you like that
should we take you out to the toilet
before we get to bed yeah I'm absolutely
knackered guys I'm so tired of my camera
battery so did you did you do subscribe
to run at any second I hope you've
enjoyed today I've had such a funny day
like so so much fun my camera just ran
out George so I've got a quick glad Holi
luck it ran out again I love you so much
good I just found out three I've ever
ever
