good morning guys good morning good
morning
hey doing I'm going to be tired I got
woken up this morning at 6:30 by
delivery man who was delivering a
present that I bought my mom so it
wasn't even for me and I'd wake up at
6:30 however I know she is going to
absolutely love it so I'm super super
happy the 6:30 is too early to be awake
anyways it is now 8:30 in the morning
and I need to get my bum out of bed bugs
at 9:30 I have to be in the studio
somewhere in bright earnest you have no
idea where I've got the addresses and
email somewhere for something that's
happening in the future that is super
top secret top secret super I'm still
gonna vlog it so don't worry but I'm
just gonna have to upload it in a couple
of months but it's exciting and it's
cool hay fever has to be one of the most
annoying things ever because it's not
like you're ever ill enough to not do
something like you can always do
everything you were originally planning
to do but instead your eyes just water
your nose runs you have a lemon
everything just sucks basically and that
includes the weather today apparently
weather this guy looks really nice to me
apparently there's meant to be a
thunderstorm later I don't know how much
I believe that actually no I do believe
that because yesterday was incredibly
hot
right I need to get my butt in the
shower I need to get ready I need a copy
that is what I need over 10 America I
need a coffee
why do I always put on voices and videos
why don't I just speak normally I always
speak in different voices
I don't know I'm too tired to be
vlogging this is interesting content
this is very good content oh how do you
apply it just and then manager note it
just sounds wrong and then you see this
bit yeah yeah we'll see you in mapped
out there yeah
yeah alright let's leave her on the
floor and let's go we finished filming
our secret project went super well Zoe
how did it go
secret project yeah and it's raining so
much now in the last clip I'm gonna read
it with you you come prepared in one of
my last clips I said I don't know how
it's going to start raining said the sky
is blue or now it's raining just got
myself a juice not the green one that I
went for yesterday we're at the office
out of the rain and we've had some lunch
I'm not as grumpy now which is good we
had a breakfast club for lunch which was
amazing the leftovers or over here I
need a best rap and the best pancakes
sean is about to hit 100,000 subscribers
yesterday's vlog hasn't even gone live
yet so he's about to get a hundred
thousand subscribers without any video
mentions only for like tweeting snapchat
in facebook 1,000 oh my god his 900 away
all right let's try call him there's
certain try so much detected or not is
not him
we've been trying to call him for the
last like 10 15 minutes to let him know
that he's about here a hundred thousand
and he hasn't been answering very sure
oh you're literally 800 away no way oh
my gosh we're at the office we're just
filming some news some new Sims videos
750 away oh my god don't I'm gonna cry
from your youtube black
what's so nice is that everyone's
writing such lovely comment I know it's
so lovely yeah no it's really good
that's the first thing I did when I woke
up this morning I was like going through
all my comments on is everyone loving it
everyone's so nice 20 1914
you know this please yeah 100,000 that's
so good
congratulations man who remembers the
merch giveaways I'm sure all of you do
and the last winner the last winner
let's turn some lights on their luck
that's nice at the last winner Terry
asked for our phone cases signed so I've
got with the phone cases here she asks
for one in each color for the iPhone
five by Terry I've just realized I'm
only your iPhone 6 is at my office and
iPhone 6 plus so I'm going to sign you
I'm going to make sure that you still
get an iPhone 5 don't you worry
but I'm also going to sign means are you
gonna sign an iPhone 6 feet as well here
there we go are you take up the whole
room you can do it there I'll sign her a
separate one you have ones are a lot she
ever needed ones I know one pointers
blog there you go dad punch blog mezzo
Ella Terry I'm gonna send you both of
those I'm sorry that I don't have - five
I will make sure your iPhone vibes as
well I just don't have any here at my
office to sign and just just told me
that Sophie wanted the jumper and the
hood in everything signed by Zoe and I
as well so I've got a large jumper here
for you Sophie yeah round one okay this
sign round here there we go there you go
underneath
yes Sophie
there's your jumper for you so yesterday
while Sean and I were editing his video
and getting everything ready to go live
the girls popped out and got some ice
cream and I have not heard the end of it
since they are literally non-stop
talking about this ice cream that
they've had so we just stopped for a
picture of somebody super super nice a
girl who's moving to Brazil for six
months which is crazy gospel singer her
and her dad have bumped into us have a
picture and what was I saying yes this
ice cream place that these two involved
we have been non-stop going on about so
we're going down now to grab an ice
cream and have it on the beach and
apparently the cheese no not the cheese
cake I don't like cheese cake carrot
cake every day the ingredients are
different like the ice creams are
different no way well apparently they do
gin and tonic one didn't you say gin and
tonic ice cream or carrot cake ice cream
it sounds amazing to me here it is boho
gelato
do they have it where is it wait that's
pistachio oh and carrot cake oh how
happy are you Kara cake carrot cake
I'm getting my double scoop at the
moment one mustachioed one carrot thank
you so much here we go the first lick of
the carrot cake
that's a proper guarantee do you home
it's like slightly spicy like it's like
autumn in a nice Oh that cars getting my
sniffer dog searched it does taste like
autumn what is going on here
they were like sniffer dogs and
everything all over this car I think
it's being taken away
oh my gosh a hundred and forty thousand
subscribers what you guys are absolutely
killing Sean's channel this is a
ridiculous one hundred and forty
thousand and he's only got one video up
Wow the love and support that you guys
get poppin sean is unbelievable thank
you so much though his feet aren't very
good the blister plasters that we put on
earlier both come off the shoes of like
oh the shoes look at look at that one
there Zoe the shoes shoes like more
ripped or the plaster apart you getting
the guineas out now are you gonna play
with them as well oh good boy good girl
Nala you're gonna be friendly with them
I've just made myself the biggest gin
and tonic I've ever seen this is like a
double oh look at him we have a family
night look at this little family
everybody got a little doggie and our
two guineas Fat Boy skinny boy poison oh
ho is he getting a bit fatter he's a bit
much was trying to factor in my
your enema he's normal guinea pig sighs
I think he and you just eat all the food
mister look at his tummy he is so big
big boy aren't you a big boy you're
being so good with them Nala I love do
you love them you love them Nala I'm
sure you guys have noticed it is much
later on in the evening we just have my
parents over for a couple of hours and
and now it's like 9 o'clock we're
currently watching Big Brother which I
never really watch like I'm not really
into programs like this I always
go in ya dependent it hooks me or not I
like just watching everyone go in
because everyone is so like over-the-top
and extreme the first episodes always
hilarious so that's what we're watching
tonight no no no no you're watching TV
of your brothers oh yeah are you
watching TV of your sister mr. grumpy
over there hiding away you pretending
that you're not watching TV you don't
mind do you
oh you guys are sake you look at you
both head to head he's actually trying
to play there it feels like I'm in a
sauna I cannot describe how like hot and
clammy our houses the UK weather at the
moment is so up and down up and down up
I should have bought back my fans at my
office I have the best Dyson fan you
know one of those bladeless fans and
it's so good at making the room cold I'm
gonna have my vlog now everybody I don't
even know I've done in this video today
because we spent the whole morning doing
a secret project which I wasn't well I
did record it but I'm not allowed to
show you the recording the footage until
like November or something blooming ages
away so I'm going to save what I filmed
and put it on a folder on a hard drive
so that I can show you in November but
I'm not allowed to show you until then
if you enjoyed the video give it a big
old thumbs up to let me know thank you
so much again for the sport and Sean's
new channel
I've just had a look down he's about hit
190,000 subscribers which is
unbelievable all we need to do now is
get poppy to have a YouTube channel that
is the next everybody thank you for the
love and support let's see if we can hit
30,000 thumbs up that is your challenge
I love you so much
I've got an exciting day tomorrow
getting my hair cut tomorrow getting my
hair all trimmed and finally getting rid
of this mullet I had to do this thing so
I didn't thing today with a mullet
everybody
you literally wrapped up in the duvet
I'm not laying I'm gonna have to sleep
on top of that my camera's back on that
charge I'll catch you tomorrow
I love you so much good night
