good morning guys good morning good
morning how you doing it is Monday
morning today which means it's slow it's
difficult it's hard which means two
things
we need food I mean it juices hey again
good thanks
cucumber Apple spinach kale celery
lettuce parsley and lemon that sounds
good for a Monday morning I just
realized I forgot the one thing that I
went out to get hay fever tablets and
eyedrops a nose spray my hay fever today
is unless I got sunglasses awful it
literally looks like I've been crying
because my eyes are watering so much and
kind of forgot to buy them I'm trying
really hard to be healthy guys it's just
not the same as a chicken burger all I
can think about is a gbk chicken burger
and Cheers
whilst I eat my squash and beetroot
salad and just popped out and bought me
a load of stuff while sauce into the
vlog so I've got here a tease something
some pill nasal spray from my nose and
eye drops for my eyes I've got I think
that's everything you can possibly have
to stop hay fever my nose are still
running the vlogs just saving one here
I've just spent the last like couple of
hours editing this it is such a good one
so I hope you enjoyed yesterday's video
oh crap look at angie's new iMac
everybody as well look at that oh here
we go oh the whole gang is now arrived
at the office we got Shawn here
Edison away the girls are all over there
talking about some those car just ran
out of petrol in the middle of the road
hope you had to push it by yourself then
there to go to a petrol station to buy
some petrol in a canister but most
importantly out of anything
our Internet has arrived at the office
we're trying out this like 4G home
broadband kind of thing I have no idea
what to expect but all I know is that
it's Wireless the Wi-Fi is officially on
and oh my gosh I don't if many of you
understand what this means but 40
megabytes up this is about to change my
life my life is going to be different
from this second going forward 40
megabytes up I'm going to be able to
upload YouTube videos in less than a
minute there should never ever unless a
lot of the studio be late videos videos
should never be late anymore
this internet is so fast oh oh what's
happening ordered but guess what 79 was
it 17 or 18
Oh oh my god sorry how excited the a you
guys you can do it oh my gosh this is so
exciting
we should have champagne tonight
ow oh my gosh
horrified but in Shaun's not working out
poppy is poppies there now Shawn's
working on YouTube
if you have no idea what is going on the
craziest thing is about to happen
tell them grow war like tell them that
yeah yeah channel Sean is about to
launch we've been planning it for a
while everybody as you've seen in all
these videos Sean it's been vlogging for
a while practicing the edited the
filming you're getting used to it and
everything three four wings of them
practicing editing and now the last
video as of yesterday for you is about
to launch I'm gonna leave a link to it
down below everyone go subscribe I want
to see how many subscribers we can get
Sean in the first 48 hours that is your
challenge go down below and subscribe
right now your challenge insect oh yeah
I want to try half and see if we can get
I'm up to something I want to try and
see if we get some 100,000 subscribers
that is your challenge 100,000 go down
below to subscribe everybody so you re
ready even you ready to let Alaura click
anything bye what kind of video link so
let me explain first so Sean your videos
you're gonna be uploading and just like
whatever you feel like
yes whatever I'm not they need yet in
this first one is a daily vlog but it is
not daily vlogging everyday not a
problem
you kind of forgot to say that in the
video I don't forgot saying her but like
we said on the earning we're just taking
it easy just take anything and just see
what happens if you feel like doing a
fashion video you do a fashion video
you're like popping to sit down QA
that's what you drop yeah central games
maybe who knows
just whatever you feel like keeping it
super chilled differ I'll enjoy it scary
exciting sighing sighing Conway amazing
I need to put this on the camera and
film us doing it Lizzie or you ready to
go normal sure you drop it at 17 for me
yes yeah seven o'clock sounds gives me
one minute
can of course even started I'm not
dining out see you later
you need to click that probably button
when he goes seven but it goes up the
clock get ready
where you store the videos okay I'm
joking
oh don't I start eyes take me so long I
said like five hours editing there Sean
got to the office like literally six
hours ago don't do this to me okay
populist it's probably tweet it tweet it
yeah
well for you Boyd at 180 use yo yo yo oh
my gosh 900 fuse bro
so that was literally within like eight
or nine minutes all of what you just saw
was with my mind is blown bro we need to
go get some food I need to eat I'm not
hungry
unless you I have a knee and since back
that's bad I don't know what to do
myself we have to go to eat we have to
go and enjoy that Sun look outside look
at that weather
goodbye office my office good bye Shawn
see you tomorrow man you're a youtuber
now you have to YouTube you have to stay
in the office you're not allowed out so
you made a hundred videos hundred videos
you got two bottles water to last you in
there fine see let ma'am
I know I say a lot guys Brighton is the
best place in the world to live evenings
like this insane just incredible thank
you so much
how's your day going man is it good no I
just started out have you been I'm
watching YouTube videos at all no do you
watch youtube videos no are you doing
see you not subscribe to Shan Shan Elio
say no you're not
ah working oh you need to do that man
thank you so much have a lovely evening
it's my new pad it's my new buggy hello
hello can we have an update on the
subscribers mrs. sug what do you think
fifty-five thousand 54 55 55 thousand
woo so pop it like pop it pop it I don't
I don't for bet who hit the dog happy
birthday - so happy YouTube birthday
I feel very spoiled I've got champagne
and Zoe's just come downstairs to say
that you got a baby let's see her baby
look my feet though he's just come
downstairs to say that she's gonna give
me a facial I still don't know what that
means
I'm guessing it's just a load of
cleansers and stuff on my face please
don't have to go and wash my face fast
no that's so good can I just stay like
this now you keep my hair back or even
better I get to lie down can we ever
subscribe update please shoot at you out
what this is
yay y'all scream oh wait wait wait
Oh life insane the power the power of
the YouTube viewers power of Willy do
you do you - we love you babe oh
connectedness
oh you're talking about Zoe sometimes
sings just like the mandamus office just
remember this I never remember any of
them that is from the labyrinth never
seen it that will I don't know I don't
know how but I completely forgot to end
yesterday's video everybody so I hope
you enjoyed it I'm sure as you've seen
we are overwhelmed by the support from
you guys to Sean's new channel so thank
you guys so much as of right now this
minute I think he has like 110 thousand
subscribers so thank you so much for me
from Sean from Zooey from poppy from
everybody it means the world to us and
mainly to Sean because it's Sean's new
YouTube channel and I'm really really
excited to see what stuff he comes up
with what he creates what he's up to
what he's doing and I will catch you
tomorrow which is technically today for
me I will see you then give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I'll see you
tomorrow
good night it's at the windowsill on
fire
