we're gonna run around let's go good
morning guys
yo if you said to me four years ago I
would be living in a house with my
girlfriend with two Pugliese chasing me
around the garden I would have been like
shut up that's not real life
that's my goal that's the aim growing up
I've always wanted a little pug and I
occasionally go through these moments in
my life today is one of them where I'm
like holy crap I've got a dog I've got a
house I've now got a tattoo like damn
I'm getting older now I'm just like
living life now this is actually a real
thing
I'm not a kid anymore I haven't just
finished school I haven't just finished
college may sound so stupid to you
watching this you're like alpha we've
been watching you for years we know
you're not a kid and I don't know what
it is it makes me feel like this but
sometimes it just hits me and I'm like
damn life is happening you can't stop it
you can't slow it down you can't speed
it up it's like the sea there is nothing
that can possibly stop the sea from
doing its thing it doesn't care about
you it doesn't care about the weather it
doesn't care about anything else
butters currently doing a poo in the
bottom of my garden I don't know what
I'm saying good morning guys good
morning how you doing my hair is all
over the place I've got to jump on that
tells you to don't follow me but make
sure you are following me make sure
you're subscribed if you're not already
good and below hit the bell button
follow me on Instagram and follow me on
Twitter today is a bloody lovely day the
sky is completely blue there was a
couple of tiny clouds where they're just
chilling they're just hanging out
they're just enjoying the weather just
like I am it doesn't feel like a
Saturday to me because if you've been
watching the vlogs recently you'll know
that Zoey and I we've been in Amsterdam
for the last couple of days
from Monday until Thursday so yesterday
was like full swing back in the office
back work and with our teams but they're
now after one day of doing that
we're like off again it's the weekend so
we've both been working all days so far
it's currently lunchtime because it just
doesn't feel right to be having the
weekend off because we've just had
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday off
the dogs are loving their lives chasing
birds around if you don't watch the
blogs too often you might not know who
this dog it's coming in mate come and
say hello what's up how you doing this
is my mom and dad's dog bubs
here's knowledge brother from the same
litter aren't you my mum and dad
oh um no my mum and dad are away for I'm
gonna sit on the edge away for a couple
of days in London so we've got buzz at
the moment the vlogs over the last
couple of week been so crazy travelled
focused I've been in and out of airports
non-stop in and out train stations in
taxis in ubers like all over the place
and I have got another trip coming up in
a couple of weeks and going away for one
night but other than that I think I
think that's kind of it for travelling
for me for a couple of weeks now maybe
maybe like a month or two actually no
that's definitely not true I'm off to
New York on I feel like a week I don't
know you guys wrote for the next week or
so the vlogs are gonna be back to back
to normal kicking off with the morning
backflip why would you spa like I used
to do I used to start every vlog with a
back flip on my trampoline and then the
weather got bad and then it got
incredibly dark super early and it was
harder and harder because it would be
raining so the last thing I felt like
doing would be going outside going on
the trampoline in the rain in the
morning but but with weather like this
there was no excuse not to do anything
like that I need to get myself some new
gadgets for the garden I need to get
myself a bouncy car so I need to get my
Zord ball back out when it's weather
like this this is the difficulty Oh down
there getting the dogs back in there oh
look was she doing can you see how I'm
there she's on the rockery she's so
naughty she thinks she owns this house
she thinks she owns the place now I'll
add you want to treat oh that's gonna
get you inside his net you want a treat
coming in both get inside buzzy first
and then you I'm not quite sure when it
arrived because we've been away quite a
bit recently but when I got home
yesterday this was waiting for me cos oh
he's just got the VAR your trousers are
skinny aren't they they're quite tight I
don't know is that dog one guys look at
Zoe's trousers show them hath in there
you could fit your like I think you
could fit your like your shoulders in
there Zoe's currently open in is it is
that a woof box which is like it's kind
of like it's kind of like source box but
instead of healthy food for humans
there's presents for dogs and they go
crazy they know exactly what that box is
what is there oh no that was just out
there Molly's we've got some Alfea
anomalies scrummy liver mini cakes liver
look at him literally sitting down he's
just okay coming down let's give them a
try okay Wow
Unite's that one lipid chunks bakery
cheese pause my gosh she'll take off and
like knowledge is eat anything and
everything and buzzes superfast say all
right you guys enjoy your doggy treats
I'm gonna open my human treat box she
trying to eat his she's so naughty
all right let's have a look absolutely
chocolate when that looks good that
looks really good in the bay snacks
pretzel yeah this is what I want to try
vegan chocolate and hazelnut sounds like
my kind of thing looks like I'm wearing
shorts in this video because of the rips
in my trousers are so extreme oh wow
that's really good wow that's really
good
occasionally I shoot these vlogs on two
different come you know and you
literally can't see my face alright let
me reverse back a little bit too you can
see me right now you can see me the case
you shoot these vlogs on two different
cameras some of the time when I'm doing
more like chilled family kind of things
I shoot them on this camera which is
like a tiny little g7x and then
sometimes when I'm doing bigger
travelling kind of things like when I
did the three countries in one day
I shoot them on this which is got a
Lumix G H five super fancy it's got
amazing slow-mo which we've never
actually using these videos this lens
here is a 70 14 mil f/4 when I was
buying it I was torn between the f4 and
the F 2.8 I went for the f4 I think at
the time I went for it because they
didn't of the f 2.8 in stock anyways
long story short my friend Steve
shooting this exact same camera but the
F 2.8 lens it's a better lens and when
we were in Sweden the other night we
were filming inside a couple of clips
and his camera because of the lens B&F
2.8 looked so much better in low light
like on it I can't even describe how
much better it looked which resulted in
me yesterday pre-order in that lens to a
camera shop so I'm gonna go and try and
pick it up now
all successful guys I'm genuinely so
surprised that they actually had it in
stock so quickly for me and now I can
not do not need that nope this is all I
need work it straight on my camera
because obviously apart exchanged my
current lens for this one so my camera
body now has no lens chilling on it hey
here we go
this is so exciting all good super
successful now I wanna go and try and
get a coffee or something it's like
middle of the day I've been I don't
think no cuz I sound like somebody that
is addicted would say I don't think I'm
addicted I'm not addicted I just like
coffee I have a coffee every morning and
today as we've been looking at me
because I'm talking to nobody today I
was like right I'm not gonna have a
coffee I'm gonna see how energized I am
with not drinking a coffee see how much
energy I have turns out evidently as you
can tell from these video oh I don't
know whether you're going mate what you
doing what you just blocked me in
anyways I am pretty energetic I just
feel like having a coffee like I just
feel like a wanna coffee
it's a difficult one I don't know what
just I don't know just have one or maybe
arty calf okay I'm gonna have a decaf to
prove to myself that I don't need the
caffeine but I just like the taste of
coffee I enjoy sitting down and having a
coffee so okay that's what I'm gonna do
literally just got home one second ago
take the dogs out for a walk so their
coats come in coming on it's pretty cold
out there you might not believe me
because there's no way of me proving it
but that coffee that I had was a dijah
I've had no caffeine today no where are
they the bottom right drawer
zoella hat hmm Oh little pumpkin bloom
you know you got a lot of hats me and
some gloves I just realized how cold my
legs are gonna be just a couple of rips
not many
any of you this rip is a little bit
obscene like I don't think I can wear
these jeans again like that's literally
my boxers poking through that's quite
bad isn't that and this rip is like
being serious I think I've accidentally
ripped the rips that as I've like
stretched or move my legs and stuff
they've ripped bigger than what they
were when I got them we need to get
going because it is quarter past four
and a five o'clock obviously the new
vlog comes out and I want to be back to
have to read all your comments and
everything
this is where it'd be like if we had two
dogs now they're not so cocky are they
I have no idea what to do because they
can't walk it out what we're gonna do
now
oh no buzzy run away alright let's pick
them up do you know I love having two
dog poos in the pocket of my new coat I
made it back home with one minute to
spare until the vlog goes live I feel
like one of you guys waiting for my
video to go up but instead of to watch
it it's just for me to reply to comments
this evening is amazing like so chilled
how nice is this evening I know what we
should do a big walk tomorrow it's nice
weather I'm currently editing the video
that you are just watching
I completely forgot to end it last night
as you can tell in that last clip I am
like knackered I am dead so I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did you know
what to do give it a thumbs up I don't
have to tell you subscribe if you're not
already and I'll see you soon with a new
video
debate
