good morning guys good morning
I just ran upstairs and have to grab my
camera because I'm laughing so hard how
bad this morning's breakfast situation
has gone no you didn't get it delivered
in the front pot what do we actually get
delivered that no so when you order them
delivery room which if you don't know
what deliver is is basically like a
company as a service where they go to
restaurants and pick up your food for
you and deliver to your house it's super
popular in the UK we ordered from
somewhere online this morning
that looked amazing like it looks really
really good
but obviously you can't tell what place
actually looks like or what the food is
like because you're only going with what
they've said online it's arrived two and
a half hours late in pizza boxes just
for your Lim beats our boxes and then as
an apology for taking two and a half
hours they've sent a bottle of I don't
even know what this is something which I
mean it's breakfast time also they've
said a plant pot with our smoothies in
there the poor delivery driver
you had to deliver this it literally
turned up and we were like what the heck
we're the people we've no order pizzas
what is this
and here oh my god this was 70 pounds
the liver who need to rank you check
their restaurants around your
restaurants bars just too big to be a
proper spend the time to go and check
but like oh my god the bread right I'm
glad I ordered the veggie one so that at
least I know I'm not gonna get help good
night last night was fun I just finished
eating yesterday no it was burning long
one you like half an hour video
yesterday if you haven't seen it go
check it out
we went out coming me mocking for last
night
I know in my blog
two days ago I said that I was not gonna
come and upload at the Apple Store now
Sean and I have had to come to doubt the
sorts of hoppers type because the Airbnb
internet takes about an hour and we've
got to get going to the airport
so we've literally just ran to the Apple
Store 11 minutes left of uploading and
then we're all good minds are all done
whilst we're waiting Sean's playing some
games yeah bro mans done both of our
videos all uploaded and ready for
tonight we are rushing back because not
only we've got to get back to go to the
airport like ASAP but the girls and Mark
have already started heading back from
where they were in town but we've got
the keys to where we're staying so we
need to get back quicker as well but the
others aren't even here they weren't
even nearly here check these clouds out
he bought cakes so order the biggest
Ruby you can possibly get an uber XL it
didn't fit us all in there so we got
inbred self though not for us we've got
a normal taxi but they didn't feel all
of us into the others have gone we've
had to wait 15 minutes for and local end
of a taxi to come and pick us up hey
there it is I'm just a little bit
worried that we forgot something bro but
if we got everything
although it is too stressful see you
later
hey how's it going
we're going to the airport cheers buddy
thank you today is just gone like this
literally edited the vlog this morning
had the longest breakfast in the world
not the actual eaten very waiting you
woke up really huh no I literally didn't
wake up hungover at all today literally
did I actually set my alarm for 8:00 put
it off until 9:00 and I wasn't hung over
at all this morning surprisingly if you
saw yesterday's video today's just gone
I think it hasn't gone like this what
has happened is that it just gets dark
so early now that it feels like the day
is over but it's nice like it's not even
5 o'clock in the evening yeah although
we haven't had lunch I need to eat
everyone else's is it any visor nearly
the blog's going at me not long to the
new blog night long to the new blog goes
up every day it was rushing back you see
that rushing back to go watch the new
blog
apples are so damn like hectare people
need to share
you may not have just been persuaded to
buy two different that's one that was
persuaded about myself which is a
wireless charging base
I don't think Apple of release is yes
and this is for the iPhone X and the
iPhone 10 and then the second thing I
bought Sean was rated me to buy they are
cool and the adapter for your phone yeah
I'd like to buy this little things that
I can plug them into my phone if I don't
use them wirelessly my flights also been
donated like 15 minutes hey how's it
going very good thank you thank you so
much oh it's gold it's gold out you go
quickly or like one hour flight back to
London Gatwick we've got a car waiting
for us when we get there is we parked up
obviously we drove up to London get with
the other day so we're just going to
drive home then we're gonna be home
goodbye Edinburgh I'll see you soon
farewell and you mean Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy
touch the outside
is it bad that I kind of want this no
that's bad luck
I wouldn't do that I haven't no I
haven't got one of these this year I
think that looks like my one sorry can I
give you this that's for me this year
because I haven't got one you haven't
got one yeah nothing that one that's
good I think it's cool it's the only one
do you not have one shot do you want one
of these ones it's time to eat some of
this eat number one number two and three
legit can't find number one let's go get
the torch and number three number two
are there's number one what is it it's a
teddy bear it's a good kinda chocolate
it's just the best joy number two I
swear
M&S chocolates your favourite chocolate
there's any one in the front one haven't
color number number three I got a number
three is over there admit that is
unbelievable chocolate yeah you know it
is bargain as well this was half price
because obviously it's now the third not
many not many people want any pain
right out of ten I'm saying it was an 8
ain't some pretty solid yeah I love I
love having Canada chocolate I think
it's delicious
what do you think if you say below a 7
I'm gonna wish I had it instead of you
that's your dream car a big boy farmer
car cheap husky what we saying Zoe we're
home we're home
check out all of the lights sat down to
watch the Kardashians with my dinner
some cheesy pasta go on gang go to bed
it's 11 o'clock me why can I speak later
than that debate later than that to me
just turning off all the lights and
checking all the doors are locked and
the security is on and everything also I
bought something really cool earlier I
did show you it but I'll show you it
properly now my little char do you thing
for my iPhone how exciting I'm pretty
sure I did show you earlier on in the
airport but what this little char G
Wireless thing earlier I'm gonna open it
up you don't care because you didn't get
one in you're jealous you are gonna be
jealous once you see this work come and
pop my phone over here for me where's
your phone
no but even one of them both for them do
it under there oh there we go
or a speedo recce in the middle there in
the middle
how cool is that though oh just when I'm
gonna bet more by Friday both no come on
charge double charge double come on come
on Apple if you're somehow watching this
cuz I know you're bringing yours out in
February please can you bring a double
or triple or a big one you might
you have the plans - if you're small
you've already got the plans to all your
devices and you can put your Apple watch
on there put your iPad if then I don't
even have to new iPad - can do that kind
of thing but if we could get like a base
like one as big as my palm you can put
like three four or five devices on there
you're winning that's what you need to
do I'm going to clear up all of this
stuff do my tea moisturize my face and
then head to sleep so if you've enjoyed
the vlog give it a thumbs up this was a
little bit more of a traveling vlog
tomorrow we've got a super exciting day
plan because we're off to go and get our
that's going to say get our Christmas
tree we have already caught three have
we got three no one outside by the front
door three Christmas trees in the house
set up but tomorrow we're going to get
our like real big real Christmas tree
so that's kind of exciting we'll go mum
and dad as well poor being Sean there
Stan as you know the stone over here
tonight anyways if you enjoyed the blog
give it a thumbs up subscribe and do all
the stuff if you're not already and I'll
catch you in the morning good night guys
