he said the windowsill on fire
windowsill Oh nearly fell over and then
trod in the cow poo good morning guys I
love that it it is cow patties net yeah
because when they put it like that's
plucked yeah anyways good morning guys
we're currently at a place called Devils
dike which is like a massive Greenbelt
piece of land that's what it's called
isn't it well I did your cable chug the
a level like something in that's how I
was describing no no not as in like I
mean green belt land as in you're not
allowed to build on it like it's
basically like a nature reserve kind of
thing
anyways good morning guys today we're at
place called Devil's dike which is an
amazing amazing piece of land just about
20 minutes away from Brighton 15 maybe
not even that maybe about five minutes
away I've got my drone on my back how
you're doing it is is 22 degrees in
Brighton 22 degrees that's unbelievable
I don't remember the last time it is
this hot you're not even ready for the
view if I turn the camera around now
your mind would be blown
I'm going to save it for the drone we
didn't even bring a blanket we didn't
even plan to come up here we just
planned to come to the countryside and
then we kind of just got a bit carried
away and go further and further away and
now we've ended up in an amazing place
we're hopeful not sitting in a cow poo
am I
oh yeah butterfly they scooped by you
this is awesome
it feels so racks inside like fresh get
your drone and get going
oh my gosh guys it is so hot I hope you
enjoyed that footage I'm still learning
how to use it and everything so don't
expect anything crazy but you know we
need to do we need to get an ice cream
well hello that bird is this drone is so
easy to fly like it's crazy
literally I reckon my grandma could fly
this hello okay
we've just been trying to get a selfie
with both of us and the viewing shot but
it is near impossible my head so big
Zoe's head so small our arms are only
short I forgot to bring like the selfie
bit of this pole like I broke it off
so this shit this is my selfie stick
look that's a good one
yeah sick literally a stick this is my
selfie step homemade selfie stick should
we go get an ice cream wall I'm gonna
lightheaded stood up really quickly I
look funny we could get a picture on
this look you're right put you guys down
there just washed up a cup what are
those palms yours here we go no they're
not mine you know what they are those
people up there are doing it right
they've got football a tent a bloomin
table barbecue you do not eat
I mean I don't if there's any trees
though to balance the TV thing on we
could balance it on a cow
we could've added a tent over a cow yeah
they're kind of more like bushes though
next time I come up guys I want to try
and film some drone stuff or take some
instagrams around that thing I don't
know what it is maybe it's like an old
watchtower from the war looking out over
the view little cheeky stingers down
there Oh what do I go for what I go for
I'll get feast
thank you so much thank you
I went for a feast
got the food bags just come to M&S to
grab some food hey smack my bum thank
you
we're just fine my mom some flowers on
the way in
which runs they're really summery aren't
they she likes purple as well what we've
got some more inside I think we just sit
with the ones we got legit have lost my
girlfriend I'm currently playing that I
can't call my girlfriend looking down
every or looking out every aisle and
she's literally nowhere
we shape
hello where are you
the people
I've lived for everything girl and I
can't find you
before you let you buy like the fruit
honey you are a gem we did that taste in
posh water and we bought some of these
on to pound 54 bottle of water
we have got limes at home look at all of
this I haven't even told you guys where
I'll be getting all of this it's Simon
excited coming in let's go outside come
on out come on we just arrived to mom
and dad's and I've realized how much
we've actually purchased a little bit
over the top yeah between six and
popping Shana coming over as well I need
a bed there's just tons of different
neighborhoods oh yeah you just got all
the dips they had hell I went a bit over
the board in the coconut
I bought about five about three of these
but they're so delicious have you not
ever seen it mum it's the easiest thing
let's check this so you have that once
you pull this then it just has a hole
and then you put the straw in the bottom
yeah
you just pulled out and then it's got a
hole in it is this actually account yeah
sure real coconut poppy and Shawn have
both just arrived me mama heading off
see you in a bit good luck with the
barbecue yelling we're going up mum's
got to go pick up my friend doesn't she
and I should all go in the car with her
tomorrow
ie good bye good bye no no see you
tomorrow we're gonna be back in like an
hour
no don't eat all the food don't eat it
all
Dougie dougie dougie cookies
we're back at mom and dad's and we left
them one task whilst we were gone one
charge how long will we go for like an
hour and a half
I left you an hour we left one easy
thing start the barbecue that was it not
cook everything start barbecue let's see
how it's going is the barbecue cooking
that is it cooking up oh um that was
your anyone task for all of you on the
right place Oh
where are the others they want to get
fire lighter oh you did well good
barbecue is looking amazing isn't it is
this what you've done in an hour you
chop some courgettes and peppers it's a
great party time have you come to save
the barbecue oh because dad failed so
badly
nitin failed what have you got your fire
lighters here we go it's all burning now
it's getting real let's get real hot up
in here next to thingies on it so those
bits of wood on there as well so you got
new shoes on oh no you make Fleiss new
shoes either
she's very Airy although when we're up
earlier on we went to the Dyke yeah I
got stung with stinging nettles through
one of them so good and bad dad what
have you done the windowsill might just
as cool dad but were okay you set the
window on fire
he said the window money let me look at
it
no baby look mum look or dad's done look
he said the window on fire
he said the windowsill on fire that
windowsill fine now can't even see it it
was not look at it here bub
there come away come away come away come
away
we'll get burn you said from the fire
let Shaun cover look I bought
my god oh three coconuts how cool are
they that's so good
yeah if you don't have one of these I'm
happy you don't have one of them ember
seeing them before we're in there
this is no dirt pool ring yet open up
try it will drink something I'm gonna
get one out as well how known is that
yeah it's no trick like an old road in
debt you should you should
is it go it no that's good it's genuine
coconut
can you really good you like it I love
it dad that come and do this one I can't
yeah it's not good at the hand grenade
oh it's really good enough like a I
really like as a genuine country
literally just drinking a coconut come
in Bob let me taste it and if I cut it
in half is coconut or you did don't cut
it
I have never thought that I normally
just drink it if you like it is so good
be ready we both suck yeah I'm nice up
here you go doggies Joe Sam use the
straw use the straw how just seen it
first one it any faster sir gonna use
the straw your these skewers look good
salmon chicken plain chicken vegetarian
about to make a big old salad
that is this yours they croutons we're
covering the crouton so their answers on
pesticide you know oh this I can be lid
off the egg oh oh it's gonna say great
can we eat this then yeah cuz I bought
anything I've bought these so many times
I've never eaten the inside I normally
throw it away
I'm such an idiot I'm Annette this as
hard as now might as well just eat that
no dad being serious
good job this looks so good no that
fuzzy boy stop barking please that's not
very nice Cheers
JJ JJ what if he caught Sammy have you
seen the revenant I just for mum yeah so
good this looks good I don't know what
felt we're watching
spray get though the fifth wave the
fifth wave that's what we're watching
celeb o'clock pop is still awake oh look
what you've done
normally look what you've done Zoe still
away puppies still awake
oh boy Shawn doing goodbye goodbye
bye-bye
let's see a goodbye bye goodbye see you
later
there's nothing to throw at you goodbye
everyone says I Billy you so much my
videos can use it everyone knows I don't
believe you
we just got back from uh my dad's now
that was such a lovely evening just
unpacking all of the food I've got good
not all of the food that we didn't
manage to finish she got the grad the
salsa loads of the minute we've got a
cheesecake here or something
passion fruit and mango cheesecake we
didn't manage to finish so I'm just
gonna I'm going to unpack all of this
and that and I'll catch you in a minute
making a petal nice for you sleeping
down here tonight yeah then a little one
no no see in the morning it has been a
long old day not an old day why do
people say that a long old day weird
definitely hasn't been old it's been a
normal age day anyways I hope you've
enjoyed the video I had such a lovely
relaxing day today if you enjoyed it
give it a big old thumbs up go down
below let's see how many we can smash
don't forget to subscribe as well and
I'll catch you to model I think it's
meant to be really nice weather all of
this week so get excited for some nice
summery drone booster board good feeling
videos I'll catch you tomorrow good some
immature boy shines oh hello I'm your
number one
fat and
