good evening guys
good evening I'm currently at the park
today has been like just I've just I've
kind of just taken today off really
who's shopping some immature boys
shouting so hello I'm your number one
fat and sassy number one fan I mean I
find it hard to believe but maybe maybe
a twenty year old boy playing football
sure number one fan I don't get it I
don't think I was ever like that guy was
on his own in the park yeah he shot that
no johns he would have just been like
silent I don't think I was ever one of
the boys to do that kind of at you maybe
maybe I was one of the boys to do that
kind of thing it's just like it's just
like the boy mentality of like did
you hear that girls in groups as well
one of the boys just came back so I
could over news I just when I fell in
love with your video so much and shook
my hand so as we were saying they would
never come over and say anything for
there by themselves one voice I could
everyone was just like you did here I'm
not like the others I'm not part of the
mob I'm different
yeah no okay it's not boys it's great
it's just groups of people yeah if
somebody is by themselves they would
never shout they'll come over and just
politely say hey I love your videos but
when there's groups of people they were
like where's o-l up with his blog
anyways how you doing have you having a
lovely day
whatever you're doing wherever you are
in the world as I was saying before
Zoey's number one fan shouted nothing
you getting tired are you getting tired
yeah I kind of just took today off
really we haven't really done anything
in fact we went and got a drive-thru and
then we drove to the beach and just
exits out on the beach which is the
least like thing us like thing us the
least likely thing we'd do but that's
what we did today didn't really do much
else download the new iPhone game that
I've kind of become obsessed with
oh there's another mob over there I've
only been playing it for like half a day
or so
but I love it so far thinking of doing
some videos on my game in charge you
know we should have done actually no
that's not fair I can say if we didn't
bring Nala we could have gotten hand
owes and then the whole point we've come
to the park the whole reason is to take
no love and a walk so scrap the Nando's
knowledge walks more important no no he
having fun you having fun on your walk
you sound like a little piggy just sound
like a little pig no okay we're back
from our walk now Noah is absolutely
knackered aren't you little one you
tired and we're currently just planning
our meals we're doing a bit of meal prep
fan sent Zoe her new cooking book today
and it it looks awesome so we're just
planning our meals from it nice little
message show them the front cover a nice
looks so good doesn't she he's like my
ultimate like go with Scott likes like
goals life goes like she is an round
amazing girl boss isn't she just so far
some of the meals as I deliver arrives
that's so embarrassing basically we've
got nothing in the house and we're gonna
knowledge or gonna answer the door I
wish you told oh yeah
Zoe and I order from two different
restaurants tonight I ordered from a new
Greek place that I've never heard of
before but looked amazing and Zoe has
gone for this amazing Italian place what
are some of the meals that we've planned
so far this is breakfast yeah I just got
a call it or that booklet look at this
and then you can peel off the little
sticky bits do you like the sound of a
courgette be true
project of course I do I'll of course no
idea to be likely true yeah you're not
too keen on are you I wouldn't yeah I'd
smash that show them some of the stuff
that we've done so far okay so I really
like the sound of Mexican eggs yeah that
looks awesome we've basically just put a
thing on most people rock and roll
five-minute breakfast wrap amazing
quinoa porridge a problem for you I've
never heard of quinoa porridge before so
I want to try out filling looks good
yeah these American pancakes of coconut
berries and maple syrup she's made it
with coconut milk no almond milk and
coconut water I wonderfully try and cut
down on the amount of meat that I
consume because I I don't know I'm just
not really us to kind of decided over
the last week or so there's been a few
things floating on facebook that I've
seen and I've kind of just decided I
don't want to eat anything for sure
there isn't free-range anymore and then
I would still even though it's
free-range gonna try and cut down on my
meat consumption so maybe just a couple
of days a week I'll eat me just because
yeah the quality of the animals lives
isn't really great is it let's be honest
what we down there just what I saw out
my food so everything I've gone for
tonight is actually vegetarian
I'm not going vegetarian before everyone
starts coming I just want to try and not
eat as much meat as I can t do because I
eat a lot of chicken I literally live on
like chicken and salmon so tonight I've
got four a lot of aubergine a lot of
aubergine and a lot I think maybe cause
yeah this looks good this here is a
Greek salad with halloumi so I've got a
Greek salad here some courgettes weird
what's that stuff called sorry what's
that white Greek source code that you
cannot dip pit her in beginning with
that's the one and then also some more
cause yaps but I think those ones are
like courgette board or maybe rice balls
or I don't know and then over here this
was one of the most popular dishes on
the website that's why
I've no idea what it is I believe it's
cheese deep fried with honey but I have
no idea don't know what to expect with
that one all I know is that it looks
bloomin delicious and I am so excited to
eat this
although Zooey you haven't had your
dinner hasn't arrived yet has that do
you want to drink at all why have you
got one
trying to bottom water should I wait for
you before you start eating my dinner
what do you think of the new Greek
restaurant doesn't it it looks so good
I don't cry it's cheese deep fried with
honey on it and that's kind of where I
ended up leaving yesterday's vlog I
didn't really film too much as I warned
you at the beginning of the video but I
don't like my videos to be this short so
what I thought I would do today is take
you outside it's a lovely day it's
currently the next day you're cheating
life you're seeing the next day when you
shouldn't be seeing it I'm going to pop
you down here let me put you on here on
set there we go
oh that looks quite nice lighting if I
say so myself grab a little chair and
we've got one of these
sit down it's just kind of like a main
channel bit look at that this is awesome
group so one thing that is so highly
requested on this channel and I don't
think I've ever sat down and propertied
a lot I know I've shown you bits
throughout the time but I've never
properly sat down and shown you all of
the pv merch that is available because
since its launched I've added a ton of
new products and new products are still
coming so be excited and I got a massive
delivery of stuff as you've seen the
other day literally like over a hundred
products to send all of you and I'm
sending it all out starting this week
come and I'll come and join come and
join Cooper solo come here come and say
hello to everyone say hello see hello
everybody hello everybody
anyways right I'm gonna go and get it
all and then we're just gonna talk
through each item okay it sound good I
think it sounds good
this is kind of like a whole video isn't
it
this is like what what like Beauty
youtubers do and people doing whole
stuff let's kick it off with one of my
favorite ones I'm gonna say one of my
favorite to all of them otherwise they
wouldn't release him if they weren't my
favorite let's just kick it off with the
poster so this here is a picture of
myself and it's basically I proposed to
like look how thick this is I try and
explain to him that when I was designing
this merch I wanted it to be amazing
quality like if you look at the tweet
super from people who've actually
received their items I even saw somebody
yesterday they they said the jumper is
so soft that my pet is falling asleep
and it was like a gecko door like a
lizard or something a fool and sleep and
this goes on and wouldn't get off
because the jump was so soft what I'm
trying to say is that the clothes and
everything is so well put together like
they are amazing items like this look
how thick this is can you hear that this
isn't just like thin paper this is like
incredibly thick I don't feel it's kind
of hard to explain basically it's like a
matte finish incredibly well printed and
then and then I've signed it down there
so that there is available on the store
obviously this item goes incredibly
quick because it's signed and I can't
just like get loads more made easily
because I have to sign them all in fact
there was a massive delivery of them
just arrived in my office like two days
ago so I need to sign tons more anyways
that is the poster done publishing
thrown on the floor we have God the
t-shirt the t-shirt BB so basically I
got a logo made and I put it on
everything so this is the t-shirt with
the logo made everybody asked me why
everything is in grey and black I feel
like someone's watching
hmmm I don't trust you guys peeking over
my wall I don't really have an answer
everything is just gray and black
because I thought every grazer color
that everybody likes so if I did it in
orange some people might not like orange
so I just stuck simple gray and black I
would like to do black with a white logo
as well maybe black with a black logo I
don't know we're gonna have some fun let
me know in the comments for new items
you want to see but that there is the
t-shirt that is currently a small if
you're wondering this is a smaller one
that I'm holding up next up we have got
the jumper it's all in the packaging let
me open it for you so that you can see
it brand to move out of the packaging
never worn before jumper this here is
the PB jumper or some of you call it a
sweatshirt sweatshirt jumper pull over I
don't know what people call it in
different countries I call this a jumper
this is the jumper this is probably
dinars concerts my favorite product I
don't know it's so hard to decide this
it's just like you know when you get a
new jumper and the inside is like the
softest thing in the entire world that
is exactly what this is like and also
the fit I made sure the fit move all
these items is really good so they're
not just like big baggy dresses they're
like nice and fitted but also uni sex as
well so they fit up in test me on like
Zoey and my sister and myself and my
friends so anyways next night one of the
new items actually brand new in the
packaging let's open it up so you guys
can see AP be beanie be be wine when the
class labels are there a BB beanie I
wear this one all the time one of my
favorites because I love to wear beanies
hats when my hair is being annoying I
just / hat on another one well new
hoodie I feel like I'm like what I could
have just got items that I've actually
worn and not just opened brand new ones
really really nice bit it's got like
everyone loves and comments on this bit
and this is what I specifically got put
on is like the fact that it's like
double bumped over here it's got like
little I don't know it's basically
really really well-made and it's got the
logo there and it's incredibly soft and
it opens up like this I don't know that
about says a hundred percent correct but
I feel it is from shopping in shops that
do unisex clothes
I feel like clothes that are designed
for women or gals their zippers on the
opposite side - Mayo's I don't know if
that's 100% true
just what I've experienced when I've
worn like a jump of my hood of make a
jump of my hoodies a hoodie of my
sisters before the zip has been on the
opposite side these jumpers and
everything here I purposely got unisex
so of course than any sex can wear them
and it fits well so that might mean that
for some of you the zippers on the other
side I don't know a zip can be on it
says the zip the purpose of it is to do
it up as long as it does that then it's
all good
what else have we got we've got a
notepad this isn't new I've actually
used this run or maybe Zoe's use this
one this was just on the side in the
front it has been used but I can't let
you see what's on the paper this is a
notepad that I absolutely love like it's
got like in both spin is it embossed
when it dipped in I think it's embossed
who doesn't need a notepad but everybody
needs to note however this was school or
for work or for college or just for home
drawing things designing things working
on things where's the necklace gone I'm
falling down like a clerk or something
oh my gosh it's so many fell down a
crack in the garden the necklace the PB
necklace this is awesome like an actual
PB logo on I don't if I can even focus
on that on a necklace look at that that
is so sick and I always wear a necklace
you guys know always all right necklace
so having a little PV logo there
absolutely love it and there is one more
item that unfortunately all of the stock
I've got like 20 of them or something
and they're all at my office you guys
have seen me vlog them at the office and
that is the PB badge there's two little
badges the PB logo kind of like that
kind of size and and you basically just
put them on whatever you want whether
you want to put them on your jumper your
t-shirt a beanie a bag your shoes I
don't know I've put them on my jumper
before and also actually put it on a
t-shirt I put one of the badges like
down here on the t-shirt and it looked
really really cool anyways anyways
that's kind of it I've got rubbish
growing all over
garden now I'm currently just edged in
that blog and I am an absolute idiot I
completely forgot about the PB phone
cases everybody not just iPhone other
phones available as well this is one of
them they come in black and white
they're like incredibly smooth and soft
a comedy described I'm an idiot
I forgot that carry on the video don't
really know what else to do I don't know
how I end a haul video I hope you
enjoyed the whole hope you enjoyed the
short vlog at the beginning today's vlog
which is tomorrow for you is going to be
awesome like it's going to be such a
good vlog it's blooming lovely weather
and I'm going to pop over to my parents
in a minute actually I'm not gonna tell
you what I'm getting up to today because
I don't want to ruin tomorrow all I'm
gonna say is that it's hopefully gonna
include boosting boards drones a BBQ I'm
not gonna tell you
I hope you've enjoyed the vlog if you
have give it a big ol thumbs up all of
the PB merch stuff if you want to go
check out the items links down below
PB merge Dakota UK I will catch you
tomorrow of a new vlog it's gonna be a
proper vlog not a weird vlog and then a
PD merch haul I hope you've enjoyed I'll
see you tomorrow good bye
