good morning guys good morning a late
start to the blog one early start today
and I are at the office about to stop
building her desk it finally arrived
it's meant to write a few days ago but
it's here now it looks worrying me small
doesn't that and it also on the side
down here it says box two of two but we
never got box one these are like
different things storage things we
bought our number box inside a box are
you kidding me
also whoever whichever scissor company
this is look at this they've put this
plastic bit on this is how we meant to
get that off without enough buying
another pair of scissors maybe I'm not
this sure you stick to YouTube that's
the shirt one of the drawers but where's
the top bit we're going to try and sort
out all of this and see whether this is
actually all of it or whether we're
missing something I'll catch you in a
bit
it's not even funny we've got the side
of the desk but there's no top bit
already and just calling them back now
we're missing the actual desk we just
got there so it looks like this this is
what it looks like
we've only got that there and we're
missing all of this and the actual desk
there
guys we got it the desk is finally made
it took 10 million hours because
underneath here there is like 15 or 20
screws or something you have to put in
but it's finally done and just now
sorting out with the shelves I like your
little drawings factories everything but
the music playing and I'm just sorting
out all of the cardboard all of this is
recycling and trying to cut it all down
and flat-pack it all just try to upload
the vlog oh look at Angie's desk as well
it's got tons more stuff on it just try
to upload the vlog and it said a two
hour upload two hours I can't be dealing
with that of what the vlog is going to
be late so just rushing off now to the
Apple Store to go and steal their Wi-Fi
thank you in advance
Apple for let me worry Internet gonna
still go into that and upload the vlog
all good thank you so much
sorry and I don't have any scales at
home and we always talk about buying
some these are apparently like smart
scales why why did Wi-Fi on your scales
for weight and body fat heart rate air
quality in daily report I mean it could
be quite good if I'm working out to see
my body fat to try and get my body fat
lower but my white higher I can hook out
to my phone and everything okay I think
we need to get this I think we really do
every time I go in Apple Store I end up
buying more than what I plan to get just
come out from Britain electronic scales
awesome literally I need to be banned
from that shop it's dangerous for my
bank
well being shorter here everybody I want
to film their reaction see what they
think of the new place let's just moved
this area still being done up that we
haven't finished so far
let's go isn't that I haven't seen this
have you know I really night it's good
is that yeah look how much tidy up with
the drawers are these guys haven't even
seen this look at all the light so it's
just you had to pop about a video idea I
had I want to play the bean boozled
challenge with poppy and Shawn I don't
think that we would play it just because
you could be sick so he doesn't like
Dorothy and sit very much so I basically
I want to play the bean boozled
challenge but do it in 360 so I want to
get a shot I was showing you guys mm I
knew 360 camera I want to put it in the
middle of the table here and us three
sit around here and play it maybe get
some more people maybe get maybe get
marks as well I don't think so it play
it just less so bad so poppy doesn't
think that they're very disgusting just
for like normal jelly beans yeah these
are look yeah they's them is a carom
chocolate pudding yeah
food and you don't know but they look
the same wipes oh yeah yeah
so papi is going to try one now if you
think you want to see more and you want
to see a 360 version of this it's going
to be sick
we're all going to sit around the camera
taking turns and I know we're about to
go right now but um Papi's gonna one
quit going now you're gonna have one
quick oh you could get lucky okay we'll
have one spin each quickly okay okay
spin it you have to eat whatever it
lands on so you've got yellow the purple
one so what is that so you have rotten
egg or buttered popcorn so take one that
looks like that could be rotten egg baby
wise or it could be no no no we each can
have our own spin what each can have our
own to be important just go I promise
you I promise you I think you i pinkie
promise shit no probably probably I
actually will be bored hate me if I
don't probably will no not the same time
we're all gonna do trust me just either
you have to keep it in it could be could
be buttered like the whole thing no one
should be buttered popcorn you're not
allowed to sit out
nah keep in keep in and give me like
keep it boy
but that's on my key pit in poppy yes
what's wrong with me what do not like
that or say that bad have you ever done
got a jet on this like in your mouth bit
back in on that join you try going short
always joint eat that no I want y'all
you throw up so easily from stuff you
got a blue one a blue one
sighs Eva rotten egg or but another
vomit okay peach you could get one no no
rotten egg is bad I've done all of them
you have to eat it oh my
oh sure you have to keep it'd have to
keep nice the most disgusting thing I
have ever tasted promise you promise you
this good lunch I promise she's right
black I got green booger or juicy pear
green like often like green this one
juicy bear yeah right we ready to go out
did you have fun do you want to do that
in a 360 video don't do that in a 360
video yes you do
guys if you want to see that 360 give
the video a thumbs up to let us know
we're gonna do it in a 360 video for you
bop bop he worked out yesterday her legs
yeah Livio you look right let me take
the rubbish taking the bins out at the
same time guys look at Sean poppy for
you doing bend my knee
oh it's the bending part I'm not in bad
rating at the end of yesterday's video I
told you there's something super
exciting happening tonight and there is
is not so exciting for me for be Sean
for Bobby I'm avoiding weird poppy or
Zoe but it is exciting for my parents
and I can finally let you know what it
is now get all of this whoa look at her
- you got flowers you got balloons
balloons it is my parents 30th
anniversary of being together when is it
what is it this weekend think it's today
have you got the mcard I've got time to
go and get them a card they've been
together 30 years to mom and dad if
you're watching congratulations and they
don't ever really do anything for
themselves so we've told them that we
want to go out for a nice dinner with
Zooey Poppy's Sean and I and they think
they are we've told them we put a
restaurant when we haven't booked a
restaurant and in fact what we've done
I say we mainly poppy and Sean hey hey
Darren
of course yeah let's do it as I was
saying they never really do anything for
themselves
so we've booked one of their favorite
restaurants in Brighton a private room
remember when I had my 21st birthday in
that awesome room we basically booked
out that run and we've invited all of
their best friends everyone can make a
set from one couple but it is there no
little poppy to get up to walk up the
stairs with a badly probably peed
yourself yeah so we booked a restaurant
with all of their friends except them
too and and they don't know about it so
everyone's going there tonight that will
having a meal in drinks we're going to
go like custom all of the room that
balloons up and make it all up for them
and it's just super super exciting here
we go all right I'm just arriving at the
room look at this
they put wedding anniversary yeah
oh well technically it's not wedding
never been married like five years or
something
got some champagne waiting for when they
arrived look at all of this
to just surprise mom and dad it all went
so well I didn't film any of it because
all of their friends were there it was
completely for them it's their
anniversary celebration but we're not
actually having dinner there with the
rest of everybody else so then we'll
have together there and it looks all
and like mum cried her eyes out locals
friends cried and dad dad with so
reading so parents so heated up and yeah
when it's good they can possibly be gone
and so II the probably unsure and now I
feel like I'm vlogging so close to us
cuz I mean like yeah and I would just
come out together and I just got boring
- this is so unfair why did I go for
that thank you so much there's mine oh
that's so not can I go one of these
please thank you so much
yeah yes now you're not in the cool
ground you need to get one we guys look
at my chicken burger okay it's Friday
I'm allowed a cheap meal look at it
oh my gosh oh my god
mother oh my you know my don't want to
just stick my finger in that oh yeah
yeah yeah oh my god oh my god little
mini donuts right they don't have a hole
in them
Jack an M&A shop
Oh
strawberry fell out of their mind your
little tassels how jealous papi how
jealous don't worry
are you Jim in tomorrow new Jim in
tomorrow Bobby says she can't even go to
the gym July because I legs hurt so much
yeah look at mine I won't be up to eat
all of that don't these guys have asked
me in the vlog hey he having a nice
evening yeah good good
hey see you later good bye
Nalla I've got you something
this used to be your favorite Twain I
found in the office three let's get a
treat fast just one day on the small
treat box nah this used to be your
favorite toy this used to be your
favorite toy and then we left it in my
office
gun then let's see if you like it oh I
just got out the Bob guys I'm gonna end
the vlog quit me now because I'm falling
asleep thank you so much for watching
today I hope you've enjoyed the video
remember to do it a thumbs up if you
want to see for 360 bean boozled
challenge with poppy and Sean maybe some
other people comment down below who else
you want to see us do it with and I'll
catch you tomorrow good let me think
properly let me see broccoli
