let me sing properly
let me see broccoli good morning guys
good morning I'm still in bed my
headache is back in full swing how is it
possible to have a headache for three
days this isn't normal
maybe it is just a normal migraine I
don't even know I've never had anything
like this in my life it just feels like
somebody is like inside here in my head
it is crazy but I haven't taken any
paracetamol or anything yet today so I'm
going to eat some breakfast first so
it's just made me breakfast in bed which
looks amazing
and then I'm going to take some
paracetamol and get up and get to the
office and don't even know what to say
all I know and my blooming head feels
like I've been kicked in the head maybe
I was maybe the light bulb ghost is back
but this time when I go to sleep she
just kicks me in the head
hair ties with us other than that's why
I've got a headache
alright I've just arrived at the office
my headache is gradually going we're
getting there everybody I'm a little bit
more weight a little bit more lively
than I was this morning when you
probably last saw me I was literally in
bed like I just bought my 360 camera
don't if you guys have seen this to the
studio the office and I want to try out
today I want to show you guys I'm not
going to film a video today of it but I
just want to show you guys what it's
like and try out and just very very
lovely just bought me some Migron from
my brains and so take those in a second
and we're off to go buy some storage all
of my receipts they've been sorted out
into piles
oh yeah and just before we pop out I
want to show you guys this look at this
we just got we've got a safe so I can
put my laptop and my cameras in there
and stuff like that overnight so if
anyone did ever break in stuff like this
Cameron won't be sitting around this
locked away literally what
they are crazy is it done yeah oh my
gosh I don't know if you guys I don't
even know if you still know this or not
I haven't had internet in this studio
the entire time I've had it and look
look at my hair like an absolute mess
right now I haven't had an Internet here
like literally Wi-Fi the entire time
I've had it nothing at all I've been
hotspot in my phone every time I come
here and every time upload and it costs
me a crazy amount of money and what have
you just managed to saw and I have tried
I've tried many many times it's just
really complicated to get office
Internet rather than home Internet
there's so many complications what have
we just done yeah and it's coming Monday
or Tuesday Monday Tuesday next week
we're going to have our own internet
whoo so good finally busy old day here
at the studio we've got a delivery a
very important delivery okay great we'll
come down
Thanks I can't forget keys otherwise we
can't get back in all right I now need
to carry all of these inside look at
this look how many there are
oh my gosh so we've just been trying to
plan where and just desk is going
tomorrow once it arrives it is arriving
what time tomorrow half a little too hot
one it is arriving tomorrow at lunchtime
and we were originally planning on
having it go over here by the window
where my desk used to be but it's kind
of not near me at all and it's in such a
big open area that we thought it would
be best for it to go here instead so I'm
working over here and just working over
here which means that we need to move
all of this stuff and that's what I was
planning on filming my videos so we're
going to move all the video filming to
over here which i think is actually
going to be a massive positive because
it's not as big and as open as out there
and there are no windows in this part
which means the lighting
way way better once I set up the lights
so we're going to have like a shuffle
around we're going to move all the
furniture all over the place and we're
going to build a new filming area like a
chill zone over here and prepare for
Angie's office but I was desk about to
arrive here tomorrow perfect I don't
know if you've heard but Marcus Butler
is getting his hair dyed it's all
getting shaved on the side I'm faced on
them right now and his hair dyed white
blonde he just rejected it
except my face time markers I want to
see his new hair you ready
why is he rejected err do you think it's
gone really bad oh no he's getting his
hair dyed like Justin Bieber's was like
white blonde on the top and then really
short on the sides wait FaceTime hey go
on come on come on
I want to see it what is he doing why is
he not answer in any way okay let me
show you around the new office and you
know I just worked our butts off to get
it looking like this I was like sweating
so bad that's what I'm taking my hat off
I need my hair cut myself actually look
at it it's an absolute mess right now
it's my office bit over here it looks at
antis just gone you can't see you've eye
to the chest let me move this I see it
Oh suffocated right so that's my office
II bit there needs to be tidied up and
stuff and then Anja's is going to be
here tomorrow only one desk is arriving
tomorrow we need to go and buy you like
a rug and light or whether the nice fits
make it good now you're not even ready
for this bed this is going to blow your
mind so as you come through here this is
what it now looks like how much better
is that and then my table tennis table
was still there look at that we've got
all of the like the cozy bit all in here
and then we've got some nice little bits
of art and stuff over there I'll show
you what they are in a minute tons of
merchandise up there oh man and then
through here it's going to be where I'm
filming my main channel videos as of yet
I've only got my sofa there which is
just going to be lights it on that's not
going to be in my videos obviously and
then this side over here
that's just like things that I don't
know where to go at the moment I do want
this in the background of my main
channel videos I think the P and the B
are going to be awesome but that stuff
there is going to go somewhere else if
you can think of anything that's going
to look really really cool where but
that's like a piece of art from the wall
or something to go there in the
background of my main channel videos or
you haven't got the carpet here as well
then let me know because I'm looking to
I basically want to put down like the
tripod like here I'm not like not like
I'm sitting on a toilet that'd be weird
put it down the drive one like here and
then have some really nice cool stuff in
the background there for when I feel my
main channel videos so let me know what
else I can get there in the background
but I think this looks so much better
also look how clean the kitchen is
select Li in and tidy in here and this
looks so much better
goodbye office see you tomorrow
Mississippi when you get on the get on
the Wi-Fi Alfie what you remark I've
tried I've tried to face them in four
times now and he rejects everyone I text
him saying if he doesn't show me is
gloom in here today boy I see your bone
show you because he knows you're there
jogging it yesterday for he has no
choice showing unavailable Marcus onto
your Plymouth FaceTime goes
show me that bloody head now show me the
hair Jim Jim let me see that tell me
what it looks like Jim what does it look
like Jim oh my gosh Nigel go to Sam who
did you go to market I've had to show me
right I'm gonna turn my camera off and
then let me see okay
I'm so excited so Marc doesn't let me
show you guys his hair however hey Jimbo
however I'm gonna film my nazaries
reaction what come here let's have our
reaction to Moxa's hair Marcus reveal
your hair I'm just like teasing
oh my god is so annoying oh my gosh it's
like your wife you're making this hard
to feel yourself go really jamming wait
you haven't done your eyebrows as well
have you know you haven't let me see
your eyebrows no he has you having on
your eyebrows Bry he hasn't let me think
properly
let me see properly oh that's it yo good
luck or is it like shiny I really like
yeah sure anybody is so
allowed this light oh I do how they yo
it's a proper white oh my god it really
suits you did it take long five oh yeah
y'all lift the color do you know how
long the car yeah five thousand twenty
minutes is it because they had to keep
on and keep on and keep on bleaching air
where did you say they used quinoa die
see you later Marcus I love the new hair
go and enjoy the cinema see you later
Zoe why you trying to scare me where are
you I don't trust you go away
oh you're on the toilet they can't see
you so dark oh my god no Blair Rhett oh
my gosh that's so funny
when you think your girlfriend's trying
to prank you she's actually just going
far away great oh you're so cute oh look
at you okay everybody righty-ho it is
better good night guys look at this
right look at this in the governor
didn't can that guy all right I will
talk job in bed and I'm gonna end the
vlog now I didn't really vlog anything
this evening because we just watched TV
or what evening Zoe mark and I we first
watch scary movie 1 which I
never actually seen before and then what
do we watch let me watch Game of Thrones
I've seen episode 1 to 5 of season 1 and
I absolutely loved it I watched them all
on the way to and from New York and when
I went a couple of weeks ago and then I
just got really busy and got out the
loop and I want to get back into
watching it again and Mark had never
ever seen any of them so I made him
start tonight will and Zoey as well
Zoey Zoey and I kind of fell it why are
we falling asleep on the sofa so much
it's too relaxing what we should do is
make that room less comfortable we
should take the pillows off the sofa
make it really cold so that when we
watch programs we don't fall asleep
because the room is so cozy it literally
is we call it the cozy robot anyways
yeah any our bloomin hair can you don't
look at it above you I got read yet
thank you I'm just gonna carry on blog
in anyway let's just pretend it's not
pitch black I'll put up a picture of
Marcus Butler or something on the screen
or Caspar Lee yes sir tonight shut up if
you enjoyed the video and you'd like the
new office tour and give the video a
thumbs up if you're excited to see
Marcus buttons white hair it's not even
blonde I thought it was going to be
blonde this white like as white as you
can possibly get it imagine okay
I'm gonna catch you tomorrow thank you
so much for the Lovings for see you in
the morning
good also I've got quite nice oh I
didn't date tomorrow
having wait more evening so it obviously
I'll catch you tomorrow
good night guys oh my god Zoe look at my
camera like serious look at my camera
what's it tracking on so guys my face
detection on my camera is going crazy
tracking something is there a fly or a
ghost or something he's tracking
something but I don't know what it's
tracking a face I think it is oh yeah
would we even say the alien - yeah
