you guys inside your tent look at that
oh my gosh la are you looking today no I
think I might just start now can I get
in got you guys a present
was that a red daylight oh okay
literally look at this you two have been
playing in that all day and I've been at
my office look at knowledge she thinks
they're for her
no you did it oh my gosh good evening
friends Oh nearly fell over right the
beginning of my vlog that would have
been good good evening my friends how on
earth are you doing it has been a long
old day and I'm only just beginning the
vlog this morning I had a meeting at
about 9:30 in the morning it was about
half an hour from my house so I was
planning my dad was coming as well so I
was planning on picking my dad up and
driving over to the meeting with him but
this morning I woke up with such a bad
headache like I had a headache last
night after rock climbing and I spoke
about it in the vlog I said I'm having
I'd wait like 15 minutes before driving
home from the rock climbing place
because my head hurts so bad
and I woke up with the crazy headache
slash migraine this morning it was like
I can't I've never had anything like in
my life it felt like somebody was like
drilling in the side of my head here's
like it was insane so from about 10:30
when I finished my meeting I did go to
the meeting but my mom had to drive me
and my dad because I just didn't feel I
didn't I didn't feel safe driving it
wouldn't have been good my head wasn't
okay like I felt a little bit dizzy I
wasn't I wasn't really right so my mom
drove us there which was so lucky she
was around so thank you mom if you're
watching the driving me and Dad to the
me and my mom came to the meeting as
well so you'll get and then when I got
home at about half-past ten or eleven
o'clock I literally came here lay on the
bed closed all of the blinds turned all
the lights off
and just relaxed for like three hours
like the time went so quickly I like was
kind of asleep kind of not sleep but
really trying to just relax and get rid
of this headache and took some
paracetamol anyways the good news is
that I woke up the headache was gone I
headed to my office to go me and for the
day I say the day it was like four
o'clock by the time I got to my office
and then I caught up with Ange and
seeing what she'd been up to today
cracked on editing the vlog so I'm very
sorry that the vlog was late yesterday I
spent up until like 3:00 or 4:00 p.m. in
bed in pitch black trying to get rid of
this killer headache so that is why the
vlog is starting late today I hope you
understand and I hope none of you have
got a killer headache because that this
morning Wow
it was insane now I can understand like
I don't get migraines or anything well I
don't think I do
unless that was a migraine but now I can
understand the pain the people are in
when they say I had a migraine for two
days I just stay in bed
that was me today it was insane this
massive parcel arrived this morning and
it is so exciting let let me pull up
over here and show you doing your dinner
do you joint your dinner
why do you do that what you spin in
circles you're so crazy
government look does anyone else's dog
do that oh and the spiral start again oh
the spinning wait wait wait let me put
this box away still not eaten it she's
still waiting good girl go and then gone
see you know my drone my new one that I
got but I don't really have a box or bag
to put it in and I asked you to all
comment down below in a previous video a
few days ago with a bag that I could put
it in see if any of you have one and you
know really good one what a ton of
you're committed all the same bag so I
looked at it online and I bought it and
it arrived this morning it's the
official D
ji bag.this bits like hard corn it's
like a tortoise shell and it looks
amazing
it's called her tons and tons of straps
and stuff so I'm going to go get my
drone let's quickly fill up the bag and
see if it all fits in and here we go
this bag has got so many zips I don't
even all that looks insane look at that
that looks so good
okay I'm going to put the iPad up in
this bit it's all out from a metal like
really solid it holds three batteries
down here as well guys this is like the
best purchase ever it literally fits
everything it is so easy I've got my
control there my drone here with one
battery already inside it if you lift up
this I've got I've got so many spare
propellers and then in here you can fit
three batteries plus that one I've got
another battery upstairs
and then over here I've got the iPad and
all the wires to watch it whilst I'm
flying at and then upstairs I've got the
charging wires I'm going to tuck in
there and there oh my gosh I don't know
what goes in up here as well actually
got this little bit full of memory cards
maybe in things oh damn
I've gone extra side bit and stuff and
another one over there
what I can literally fit so much inside
this bag I bet you I can fit all that my
camera equipment in here as well I mean
it does look quite full on it's even got
little Clips up here yeah look at that
it's so comfy thank you guys so much for
all of the suggestions I know it is
always worthwhile whenever I ask you
anything in the comments whenever I ask
you for any tips or advice on things
like this
look at that you always come through so
when I was leaving the office earlier I
thought it'd be a nice little surprise
for Zoe market I brought them back some
cakes so I popped into angel food bakery
focus there we go and
grab some little cakes also for no
reason at all they gave me discount they
gave me all six of these for six pounds
which is insane so thank you so much to
the people angel food bakery and kind of
got these two for myself anyway so I'm
going to get this one little cake here
and go to Zoey's baking cupboard here
get some candles well this is the
longest candle in the world Zoey all
right here we go
look how long the gun is it's like four
times longer than the cake is tall let's
take the cake in here in your den I love
your dad that we should light a candle
lot knowledge already eaten air Nala
you can't eat it's not yours oh I'm
sorry it's not yours we'll get you
something else after shed is just a lot
I know look how I look at the ceiling
you go lit up the electric lights look
at this all the way Oh blue Minette that
look like you know like in a cave man in
a cave man okay
don't drip it on my on my cake girl ah
she's so far away she's so scared
oh yeah would we even say the alien -
yeah
alien to you happy billion dear
voiceless log yeah I should blow it out
soon of words we're gonna set this place
on fire come on can you smell the smoke
can you taste it
shall I blow it out yeah okay they're
trying to breathe it into all match of
uh set your hair on fire
oh yeah give you rock in nailed that
three two if you're confused and you
don't know what was going on I just
found out that my YouTube views have
gone past 1 billion a billion YouTube
views is jeiza so that is crazy so jus
biggest one candle for there who wants
which slice who gets the thing on the
top these are Terry's chocolate orange
there's your slice one slice is
acknowledge you and your slice she's
asleep down oh my god Terry's chocolate
orange that makes me think of course
anything right do these lights hurt you
thinking Christmas yeah a little better
everything you can get Christmas can we
just all sleep in here tonight I think
we actually should lie being serious
a bit hot wouldn't it marks like
struggling okay we'll get my every now
and then he disappears unless no I'm
honest about me every night every night
I sleep with a blast full of ice next to
me and water oh so no just no just is
just like ice to myself down in Illinois
look at the top of his head
Wow yeah cuz Zoey turns on this like a
sauna oh no celebratory gin and tonics
these guys are watching scary movie 3
gnarly sleepy you taking up the whole
room at the tent are you I'm now tucked
up into bed guys I'm sorry that today's
vlog is pretty short because I started
it in the evening I'm just about to load
my new Instagram my newest one which has
44,000 comments give me a second to just
load up all of the comments guys I
officially think that I've loaded all of
the comments like there's no more load
more button at the top which I'm
guessing means that I've loaded all of
them also Zoey Commission about how you
wake up 20 minutes to one
listen Zoe still awakened it's 20
minutes to 1:00 in the morning okay well
I'm gonna score Zoe you tell me when to
stop
3 2 1 yeah Terry underscore X underscore
zero underscore - hey Alfie can have a
sweatshirt in small and necklace and two
different phone cases signed by you and
Zoe nobody else is off for them signed
that's so great of course you can that's
so exciting
her account right now will ask for
assigned now oh no that's the last
person she's officially the last
giveaway yeah I accidentally did eight I
said I was going to do seven an accent
you did one extra one said Terry ter I
you are very lucky
okay everybody I need to take my hat off
I've got a hat on in bed that is not
very normal I hope you've enjoyed the
vlog I hope you've enjoyed the giveaways
can we just talk about the fact that
I've just given away literally like
probably a hundred bees I've done eight
giveaways and some of you asked for so
much stuff which was perfectly cool
that's what I wanted you to do I want to
be able to ask for things for their
friends their grand
they're dogs there's knowledge really
OPP dog jumper for you imagine if we did
a PV dog jump of vanilla
oh my gosh that is so awesome anyways
hope you've enjoyed the giveaways guys
I've enjoyed them so much like I
although I'm excited I hadn't sent the
items yet and you know I've been sorting
out yesterday and we were just waiting
for the last winner and then we're going
to store out all the orders and send
them out and take them to the post
office and everything like that so I'm
really really excited if you want to do
any more giveaways in the future but we
don't have to just do merchandise I've
done a couple of camera give voice
before or like vlog in setups I could
always give away some of this set up
that I'm using now like the same cameras
that I used to film my videos to help
make it possible for you guys to make
videos if you're into that kind of thing
or I don't know let me know what you
think and we can sort some stuff out
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it 1 billion views that is like
how many people I can you google how
many people that are in the world you
google what's the population of Earth
population of the how many people are
there seven point one two five billion
so I've had them currently as of today I
have got just on my channels not
including like videos I'm in a lot of
people one in every seven obviously this
isn't actually true because people have
watched my videos more than once
I'm guessing this isn't the first video
you're watching of mine but if it was
and everybody don't ever watch one video
of mine one in every seven people in the
planet have seen one of my videos and
not even everybody has access to
internet or a computer or even YouTube
like whole countries like China aren't
allowed to go on YouTube and there's
like 1.3 billion people in China I want
to say so that is crazy that is apps a
billion a billion like when I started
YouTube I didn't even think I'd get a
hundred views or a thousand views I
can't even comprehend like the amount of
subscribers that I've got let alone a
billion or so I feel stupid or unhappy
in bed but look at my hair I'm gonna
take it off let alone
a billion views a billion I know I keep
on saying it but that is a ridiculous
number so thank you so much for watching
my videos again and again and again
anyways anyways anyways I'm going to go
to the guys thank you so much for the
support you give me I love you so much
I will catch you tomorrow bright and
early tomorrow good oh my voice spoke
good night good night good night
you
