good morning guys it is a horrible rainy
mucky day in Brighton today I'm up super
early in fact I got out of bed and
showered and dressed and everything I
left the house before Zoe even got out
of bed today so I'm super super happy
about that what's happening there so I'm
kind of meet up wonder who is maybe it's
Marcus Butler today is day one of
something very very exciting then we
quickly turn down the music and explain
to you so over the last couple of years
YouTube for me has got busier and busier
and busier and you guys can see that
with things like videos for companies
and Madame Tussauds and all the
traveling I do and you can see how
hectic like a youtubers diary is because
in the daily vlogs one minute they're
here
the next minute they're away for three
weeks so I cause literally just in like
playlist live in Orlando then I was in
New York and then I was in Prague and
then I come back home and then I yeah
what I'm trying to say is gradually
youtubers have got things like agents
and managers and lawyers and
representatives and people to help them
out do what they do so that youtubers
because the thing that I love about
YouTube is making the videos and there
is so much like imagine my book my three
books imagine how much work goes in
behind the scenes to make that go into
each individual shop to make that even
the idea of a book be possible and then
have like yeah just imagine the amount
of work that goes in behind things that
you see now that work is so complicated
and I don't really want to be doing it
because I just enjoy making I enjoy
making the videos and I enjoy creating
stuff and having fun with you guys so as
you know I've got gleam who helped me
out with that stuff which is my
management company clean futures you
guys will have a Dom and Maddie and Ange
and Alex and Lucy and there's loads of
people who work a claim who allow me to
just spend my time making videos well
I've got something
super excited to tell you have and I you
know Angela again you guys all know and
she and just literally in so many of my
videos that maybe you will see my videos
who work in gleam and Maddie and Ange
Maddie still works at gleam and she
works with like me and Zoe and the lean
machines and Louise but Angela was only
working for Zoe and I at gleam literally
just me and Zoe and nobody else my diary
has been getting busier and busier and
busier recently as you guys can tell and
the amount of things that like
merchandise for example it doesn't just
happen like hot click with a hat like
that what I'm trying to say is that
Angela no longer works for gleam futures
she I was basically looking for a PA to
really help me out with the organization
like the time schedules my emails to
like just help make things easier so
that I can spend more time because I
realized over the last couple of months
I've spent more and more and more time
and they're often days that I miss out
because I'm going to meetings and stuff
not being able to make these videos and
I really don't that happen in the future
I want to be able to make videos all day
every day so over the last couple of
months without you guys knowing I've
been looking to hire a PA like a
personal assistant somebody to just be
with me all day every day and just help
me out do the things that take up a lot
of time so that I can spend more time
making videos and I don't know why but
Ann said that she would love to be that
person's and just literally moved from
London to Brighton she now lives in
Brighton and this today is her very
first day as my PA don't worry though
Zoe and I've got somebody else who's
replaced and his job in gleam so she
hasn't just left me when we've got
nobody we've got somebody new who you'll
meet very very soon working at gleam
with Maddie and me and Zoe
but Angela as of today this morning at
10 o'clock is my PA and she's going to
work full time in this office slash and
Brighton at home wherever I am if I
travel she'll come travelling as well
and yes she's just going to help out
really
to help not with things like the antigen
I'm still going to do all the edges in
everything like that but more just like
the email was and the meetings and the
things that take up another time but on
on camera
I think she's outside the office I've
got her key as well I need to give her
the key to the office we're in town now
just what Angie's laptop and everything
and I've just walked into rich men I'm
seeing it caspere's book and Ali's book
is out as well today I let this place to
them that's crazy that must be like a
DMF special baby a collector's edition
exclusive to hit Smith and Caspar Lee yo
that's a big one I've got one of these
ones yet shall I buy one
hi that's everybody by Caspar Lee never
make my mum right I'm going to buy both
for them but trying to buy like
containers for my receipts and stuff the
accountant I am the worst at sorting
anything up for my accountant as you
know I'm quite good in general I
understand all my accounts and
everything but I'm just not very good at
keeping everything tidy so my receipts
we're trying to look at some boxes to
store them in the correct order we've
also got some white boards on either the
wrong way up put some white boards and
state below and scissors and it's
turning into a proper workspace not just
like a yeah we can do a stationary it's
not just like a game zone anymore guys
this is going to be a workspace as well
guys check this out
so Ella's new book club exclusive WH
Smith how crazy is that we're setting up
all the new laptop a new phone and
everything like that and should you want
white or black
black okay I should have PA on them oh
my god imagine if we got like custom
logo made same PA that would be so good
here we go work fingers break it break
the case on the phone yeah tada
fish today has been so productive I
cannot even tell you the amount of stuff
that we've sorted that I've needed to
have been sorted for like the last two
or three months now have been putting it
off and off and off so everything is
good amazing so far we're just going to
got some lunch which is a massive salad
run look at that I didn't get much pasta
didn't get much faster but mostly mostly
mostly salad in there and then I did get
something as well I don't really know
what it is it's like chorizo and
something else smelt really good so I
went for it there he did it up but I'm
excited for this salad it's so heavy
thank you I've even got a plate for it
just to give you a taste of some of the
fun jobs that aunt and I have got to do
over the next week or so and I just
thought I'd show you and just some of my
receipts that my accountant has been
asking me for the last like six months
to sort out this is only some of them
happy days literally it's not even funny
like she's actually not even funny
take a week it's not funny yeah that's
their most like so many of them at home
as well oh my god like we even is that
so ang and I've just spent the last 15
minutes or so going through all of my
videos this week writing down all of you
guys who've won the merch giveaway the
PB merch giveaway competitions we've
invited down your details we still got a
ton of you to contact and get your
details so that we know your address to
send you guys but we've just written
down all the items that everybody wanted
there has officially
six winners so far the the final one is
announced in tomorrow's video we've got
one more announces that one one that I
can't even speak one more announced
today and then I accidentally did an
extra day of giveaways so tomorrow the
final person is going to be announced
which the super excited there's eight
people Marvin the 7c you've been you've
been lucky if you like this kind of
thing let me know give the video a
thumbs up comment down below and let me
know if you like this kind of thing we
can do more giveaways in the future and
we can do some that camera giveaways and
booster ball giveaway I don't know
whatever you guys want by just like I'd
like to in the merch giveaway all right
I've been back home now for about ten
minutes got changed as quick as I
possibly could into some gym clothes
although I'm not going to the gym I'm
going rock climbing so I've got my rock
climbing shoes hopefully this time it's
actually going to be open because we all
know what happened last time when Sean
and I turned up and it wasn't open for
like another two hours or something
got my little tripod to put you guys on
got a protein shake for afterwards
today this counts as my gym workout
session because it is crazy fitness and
I'm going to do some sit-ups there are
suffer that as well what a love water
and a lot and lastly car keys because
I'm going to go pick Sean up now and
drive us over there marks over here at
the moment are you doing how's your
liquid dog a thank you yeah yeah after
bring her over see yeah you need to has
she had to our jobs no not yet
and then we're taking for a walk Nala
and are you looking for treats yeah I
bought a couple of hours and three a
couple of bags as much as her right I'm
off climbing guys catch you in a bit
bye little one nah come and say goodbye
let me turn the engine off oh we're here
is it open that's the question
my fingers are blooming crossed that
it's open this time if it's not also you
know that packaging gone we lost for
like a week mmm found out it was in the
back of the car it's all my fault
right that's falling out my pocket
wallet water bottle got my sexy ass
shoes too
shoot chef got everyone nothing really
all right let's go nobody's using this
more just put my shoes on within about
30 seconds I've got crap because I've
done them up so damn tight they're so
ridiculous what color you going for fast
always doing the stretch in not stretch
I don't know I just let you know I did
work at my shoulders and arms yesterday
you guys saw that so if I'm not very
good no I would I'm not very good that
yeah I want your blood
you definitely just copy that click no I
get that it no I did not I promise you I
need it I'm gonna no no right there now
I just I did know Thomas you you like I
did three or four seven I did more than
that I did support as well I did more
than oh my gosh here we sang here we go
here we go yeah yeah alright bro you
just reached off with this little blue
one here this one yeah it's like the
hardest run let's just warm up let's go
of like yellow yellow and red that we
are actually that's going to be really
hard Sean no Sean that's getting really
hard yeah let's not start it out and
start with normal yellow
okay so I just nearly did this one and
it's pretty damn hot oh dude you got it
brother you got it don't worry about it
boy yo he's got this
he's got it how do you feel that's hard
man there so you've got tired you have
to drive home we basically finished the
session which won a couple of
competitions we shot yeah who can hold
on to that the longest about time men
three two one
one two three four nineteen twenty
twenty-one thirty six twenty seven
twenty seven oh I'm not going to beat
that
of course I'm not going to beat that
three
five six seven 87
okay any to know what to have my fingers
that's hard women actually I was holding
our dear life
yeah my knuckles
to find stuff here okay watch me do you
want to go to that one yeah I move my
fingers literally can't even move my
fingers
who can got the highest you have to go
you have to go like this one two three
four nothing huh
as in like this both hands both hands do
you see what I mean go and you got this
go
boy look he's doing there Shawn go Fred
code is hard honestly I got me up I
can't even hang there with my legs
dangling round thing like what
see it's hard man I've spent my arm
I have no strength whatsoever
what's the secret to why you so good
parties
see your turn
quinoa and avocado with a ton of
different kind of beans and two chicken
breasts on the top beside Li the Tesco
that's the closest to a Zooey 9m doesn't
do free-range white doesn't do
free-range chicken so this is a
free-range which I really really don't
like but they didn't do chicken
otherwise so Tesco if you're watching
sweet free-range chicken everywhere
everywhere are you moving in
yeah your case is only small Nightman
we've just been watching tons of the
program 90 90 if you don't know what it
is it's very rude but absolutely health
deaths I can't even speak hilarious it's
super old but we've been watching lots
of that and then we just send it up
watching tons of Geordie sure will I say
Ben watch and I would just slept the
whole time during Geordie Shore
literally don't ever clear what was
going on I'm so tired I'm gonna end the
vlog now and then insert the competition
winner tomorrow guys I think what
climbing tonight has just literally just
knocked me out rights such a bad
headache idea soon as we left rock
climbing I did I couldn't drive home for
like 15 minutes I just sit and wait for
my headache to like chill a little bit
it's such bad headache earlier and I
think a mix between that and the rock
climbing itself is just like zomp to me
I'm absolutely zonked I'm gonna pick the
PB merch winner tomorrow and inserted in
now loading loading loading stream or
shimma shimma shimma okay right I have
hundreds and hundreds of thousands and
thousands of your comments loaded guys I
am gonna stop in three do imagine if
someone one who'd already won how crazy
that would be one stop okay here we go
Jess Abby Jess I be your vocal range
with the good night is almost is almost
as impressive as
Brenden URIs I don't know - she don't
know who that is I really like a jumping
medium a hoodie in small and a beanie
please I have the original beanie so
it'd be so cool to have the new one as
well thank you - good luck to everybody
in the competition and you are still
doing exams I'm doing my ASL applause ah
Jess Abbi Jessa be however you pronounce
your name good luck doing your AAS
they're super hard but I know you're
gonna kill it you're gonna do well and
her Twitter is jess2010 you asked for I
will get in contact of you over the next
couple of days and I will send you
everything I will catch you tomorrow
guys thank you so much for all the love
and support if you've enjoyed the vlog
give it a big ol thumbs up to let me
know comment down below what you up to
we're having a nice day comment down
below whatever you want good
goodnight you guys a are you gonna make
Timothy wait here you go mate
