are you gonna make are you gonna make
Timothy wait you go mate good morning
guys good morning how on earth you doing
hope you're having a lovely day it is
the last morning we've got in this place
and then we're all driving home
breakfast I don't actually know why I
live in your head it's funny you've got
one puffy bit preface just arrived did I
don't even know someone just said
literate I've ever have ever bad
breakfast has just arrived so he's got
pancakes from maple syrup I've got what
I need to catch up need to get those
carbs off getting ready for holiday
getting my holiday body ready so I got a
present for you close your eyes and open
your hand close your eyes and open your
eyes guess what it is guess the animal
oh my god I know what it is is it Mike
laughter we've got about 40 minutes
until we have to leave this place and
check out of our room so before we go
I'm going to quickly get a gym session
in as well
you ready oh you're getting crazy now
we put everything in the car or at least
we think we have but we're doing the
last check to make sure we haven't left
anything behind can you see anything
that's a good sight ah the deer is still
here Shh it's been asleep this whole
time good boy good boy check under these
never know it could be something good
like a wallet under there or iPhone
charger right nothing in the bedroom
Geraldine you stay there
Geraldine's brothers antlers have come
off I actually really do but I don't
know I'll play with it so I what I might
do is just leave it for the next guests
feel like that might be quite a nice
thing if there was a family they would
love this all your heads re you ready so
he looks a bit muscle tension right arm
look at it you ready on your head you
can do it yeah you have an away can they
come in can the audience come in your
bum so much better than ours
look at these sick
you ready Shane
we'll kick it down we're late gon kick
it
what's at five four three you have to
dodge the football upstairs no yes
goodbye beautiful household we've
enjoyed you a lot good no whoa before we
leave to drive home or wherever we're
going to next coffee is wanted to come
and take some pictures of beautiful on
of some blue bells or something can you
see what I can see they got a bloom and
blow up slide shut our on going on that
you know the horror experience thing
that we do every single year where we
come to play school Tully's farm it's
like super super scary we all vlog it
there's like 20 of us that come well
we've come there just this grew up there
we've come there but just not when
Halloween is on and it's like a normal
farm
can you see that goat just standing up
there on that bear this is the most
ridiculous thing I've ever seen
look at that goat Zoey let's get a pet
goat come on look at him
hello mates hello hello are you doing
are you do it please don't jump on me
please so jump on me hello mate should I
feed him some leaves you can mate you
gonna make
Timothy wait you go mate yes Timothy
Jordan otherone oh jeez the whole gangs
come in those squads coming for lunch
they were eating it anyway they were
leaning over the edge meaning I was just
helping them out I really want to stroke
it I really want to pet him no he might
bite me he might bite me god Shawn God
he's not interested unless you're
feeding them going in for the tea rooms
so I'm all didn't expected it it needs
to be at home no place
biggest plate of food
that is insane about omelet with ham and
peppers properly happy omelette because
they're going crazy ones chasing the
other flippin Eck
they're kicking off oh no we got a
head-on collision
they're about to have a fight oh he's
scared he's turning around gone boy
go on don't pull me from up there oh no
oh no what's going on Oh head-on
collision they're fightin
Oh or yo the popper head button each
other the goats are still kicking off
their like proper blame with each other
got one down here and the other ones
egging him on look at it look at it
running
oh no here we go they like proper
playing with each other though like
encouraging each other to do it look at
him looking at him from up there oh it
is jumped off go on go on Leroy it is
like Nala and Buzz wait are we all just
going home now I just know even that
long it's like half an hour pretty cold
out there everybody it's cold out there
in the big old world it's a cold world
out be powerful body weight say what you
just said again okay oh you do let us
let you us just saying - I can't
remember before you go in that's good
it's a cold world out there it's a cold
world oh my gosh some people are excited
baby we are home and it is 25 minutes
past 8 the vlog is finally live I'm
sorry for the delay it took so long
editing because I had a load of drone
footage and there was like over an hour
of birthday fun so I hope you enjoyed
yesterday's video it was a super long
good one I then ordered a delivery which
I usually like usually is absolutely
fine like normally amazing so I'm not
gonna say too much bad stuff about them
but tonight they obviously had something
going wrong and I basically waited it
said 40 minutes from my food to arrive I
waited two hours 45 minutes wasn't here
I've rung them alone - terms of promise
shoes on the way the drivers on the way
the drivers just picked up 2 hours 45
minutes later I'll ring them up and I'm
like guys where is my food this is over
two hours late and they say the kitchen
in the restaurant is closed
they didn't cook your
dude and it's not gonna be arriving long
like what I thought it was already
picked it up and they were like no he
never picked it up and I'm you know what
it's like with those big companies you
speak to one person you seemed like
really positive put the phone down you
bring back it's a cool center so you
speed somebody else and they've no idea
what the original person said to you and
just one of those things that suck so
instead of having a delivery which was
going to be healthy was honestly gonna
be healthy it was a really really
healthy order I'm cooking myself some
salmon I don't if you can see that
there's got just under four minutes left
and and then I've made myself a little
salad and then I'm gonna cook up some
kemar as well so it's come back a quinoa
and salmon salad kind of vibe and then
for dessert because I feel like I want
to reward myself for being so relaxed
and waiting three hours for dinner and
not getting grumpy because I get really
hungry eating can make me super like if
I don't eat when I'm hungry and I've
been hungry for three hours now but I'm
still relaxed so I've made myself this
snack for afterwards I put chopped up
banana with bits of almond butter on the
top on like a piece of marble I'm gonna
pop that in the freezer so that I can
eat all of these after it'll be such a
good dessert Zoe look at this from my
desire chopped up banana with and then
they're gonna be frozen butter it's
gonna be so tasty oh no even put it on a
bit of fancy marble one minute forty
left I better start cooking the quinoa
and my summons all done the salad is
finished
apparently the sunset is crazy outside
is it not is it not oh my gosh
wait I'm sending my drone out let's go
in the garden let's go in the garden get
my drone hour
out out out out
come here guys I'm rushing like I've
never rushed before all right give me a
minutes out this the race is on oh my
god it looks crazy look out to the sea
see if you can see the sea that sunset
is mad I think we may have got a tiny
bit of the shuns that guys we tried our
best but he was going down so quickly
and all of course we don't even even
need to see where the Sun is actually
setting we will go down to one beach one
time to get a proper good sunset yeah
let's see if my bananas are done let's
see if they're frozen yeah they don't
taste like a chocolate cake but for
being banana and healthy spread and glue
let's see if you like it yes remember
it's healthy of course it doesn't taste
like not like a wagon on this cake of
the top bet it's very like peanut
buttery
all righty ho everybody I have got my
hat on in bed the son has got his hat on
the hip did you used to sing that when
you younger son let's got this hat done
hip hip hip hooray the son has got this
hat done then he's come here not to play
okay so from he never did today because
we live in the UK so he never ever had
his hat on it was a lie he was singing
in hope that he would come out and he
never did so thank you very much mr. Sun
anyways mr. odden son I don't actually
know that any note because you sung
I am will come out in bone dad maybe I'm
sure if you sung it in the LA then it
would come out but it doesn't over here
every time I thing that song okay is it
gonna come out tomorrow now yeah okay
apparent it's gonna be sunny tomorrow
everybody which will be good at me a
lovely day we have got a very exciting
day tomorrow something incredibly
exciting is happening starting tomorrow
and you guys are gonna gonna love it oh
is it oh maybe because you didn't sing
all of the song you have to sing all of
it that's probably why aren't they gonna
know what's happening tomorrow
you know what's happening tomorrow what
yeah you know think yeah I'm gonna end
of long oh I need to pick the winner I
need to beat the competition winner from
five o'clock today right let me quickly
get my comments up on my laptop
completely forgot however I let this
slip I can't beat the competition winner
for today because I kind of act I chose
two people yesterday so we're ahead of
ourselves so the video where I need to
pick the competition winner for has only
just gone live like seven hours ago or
five hours ago or something like that
Poppy's four hours ago Poppy's 25th
birthday
now obviously you guys need more than
four hours to comment on it for me to
pick a winner so I will let you know the
winner in tomorrow's video thank you so
much for watching guys give the video a
thumbs up if you're excited if you enjoy
that I love you so much and I'll catch
you tomorrow
actually leave a comment down below
which ever match items you want I will
pick a winner tomorrow on the 1st of
June at 5 p.m. UK time
