good morning guys say it what we doing
get up early
why oh it's Papa's birthday let's go
come on we've got to decorate make it
look cute
good morning guys good morning I step Oh
Oh my toe
just keep the suitcase still feel asleep
bloom a neck
that did still here everybody when's it
going to leave it's so relaxed and calm
right papi is locked in her bedroom
which is not actually logged bishop and
told her she's not allowed out because
we're all decorating it's her birthday
your birthday we gon party i getcha
birthday we just settin up everything
we've got this here this is happy got
this it it says birthday how do you
remember us buying that in the block
actually you loved flogging that didn't
ya I move at Bluewater shopping for
laser clay did ya
and we've got those balloons wait let me
show you oh joy knees it looks amazing
like actually insane those are
decorations here more decorations there
and then in here
yes I kind of forgot to buy string so I
know how we're gonna do this cuz
everything's just gonna go straight to
the ceiling good luck guys good luck
with the decorator I'm off farewell now
see you another time good luck good luck
Oh should I get anything like a chocolat
anything laughs this is one elope it no
nice bets see if they got some little
Nazca so it is a lovely morning
everybody look at the weather look at
that blue sky we do not have any string
for the balloons so I'm gonna drive to
see this breeze pick up some strength
I'm so excited it's Papa's birthday
today she's 25
can we talk about how it's my sister's
25th birthday today everyone's getting
so not old and that's not in a horrible
way I just mean like growing up like I
still feel like I'm like 16 17 not
obviously I'm not 22 but my sister is 25
but that's like a full-on
adult as a grownup she's 25
another thing is open yet so Sunday
10:00 till 4:00 great
what's the blooming time it's not even
open yet the one that there's no one
else in this car park except for me
there's literally like two or three
other cars they must just work here
the time is 9:05 I'm fifty five minutes
early but there's a man trying to go in
now oh damn it he's just um I've done
gutted okay we're gonna have to try and
find like the town center or something
and go for a drive and just find
somewhere but it is 9:00 a.m. on a
Sunday
all right I've just got to like there
High Street I found there kind of like
there town I suppose but nothing is open
it's like absolutely dead there's one
cafe there I think it like 10 o'clock it
would all wake up but I don't think
we're gonna get any stroke she's so many
string at all spring yeah should be the
eternal cotton should it be up there
 uh oh my god I cannot believe it we
got it guys
we got it oh my gosh I'm so happy that
is crazy there was one corner shop as I
was driving past opening like he was
just putting his sign outside didn't
didn't didn't didn't I got the string oh
we've got it oh yeah yo little bits good
god carry up so many balloons on the
ceiling and we just started to run out
of helium and there's one that just
floats in the middle it's like half
helium and half air go go a little one
you can do it you can be like the others
huh come on stay up there no this looks
amazing guys oh he's gone in we just
like him pop his cards at the moment one
for me and Zoey this one over on it shop
head instead of poppy and this one's
from Nala
it's that poppy that's or even Nolan
house poppy
well I do a few more hairs so it's
obviously not I've been definitely more
obvious now alright we nearly finished
everybody
when's poppy coming in is she having to
wait wait mom and dad are here as well
and the doggies are here no any buzzy
boy hello Missy hello hello you excited
probably hasn't seen it yeah
I don't know when she's coming in is she
coming in now when the food arrived are
you barking at the balloon yeah what'd
you do now I did she should come in now
the dogs love barking at the balloons he
headbutts it buzz headbutts it so it
moves you always have a snap Shawn's got
the dancing going we need step up yeah
it looks so sick holding with the
balloons you're old you're 25
Oh No
you're halfway to 50 for present opening
time that's knowledge during poppy and
Shawn why Shawn's got a penis nah where
is she no no there you've been drawing
even joinery bitches all of the
breakfast has arrived oh my gosh there's
so much look at that they said two
portions of avocado they literally two
whole avocados we have to do the
birthday cake also have changed Morticia
and stuff I realize there's loads of
makeup marks on my t-shirt think it's
from now I think it's for meeting these
guys and then when I hug hello it's like
makeup so we've come to go and get some
matches we bought both the dogs with us
I got a lighter everybody so we can
finally dad what you do is get out skate
time bum over here mum tell everyone
what you just said
you've never chair you ready to see what
the middle looks like watch out there's
a French Bulldog in there be gentle
through the ham stuff oh you get the
hamster where should put out
that looks so good hey hey hey cake cake
cake cake kg gate gate time to try out
I'm gonna go for a little bit of
everything
come on this horse food I'm gonna do the
chocolate bag that's insane see your
daddy
he's sunbathing he's sunbathing Nicky
you pretty girl yo her pretty boy
oh you tired enough you she loves being
in the Sun doesn't she
are you getting a bit hot I can't really
see what I'm recording I need some
sunglasses
I left them inside Connie just having a
little sleep outside of nyla you
enjoying it you having a nice time
sleepyhead we got both the dogs on a
really long lead tied to the table
inside so that they can't run through
that little gate and into the main road
because there's the gap under the gate
just in case you get naughty and you try
and run away
you guys eating the ice is it nice and
cold
he got in his mouth I'm not and she
tried but she ah that nice and cold
mister what's this but what's this get
it
explain to - he's so confused
ah look at him I'm finally off to me or
the others I've been stuck inside
editing the daily vlog for the last like
hour and a half it is finally done and
it's looking awesome so I hope you
enjoyed yesterday's video I've got the
drone got a dog blanket got a jumper for
Nala I've got a speaker I've somehow got
to find the rest of the gang within all
this like hundreds and hundreds of acres
of land probably should have called them
see what they were fast oh my gosh
all of the food survived looks Oh
where's yours are you still waiting
looks amazing look at my salad I got
some salmon it's on the side
me and Dad I could hurt a poppy
straight down to the go straight down
litigator
get off that phone who's on the phone
eat this eat a happy birthday
the girls have headed back to the room
we're taking the drone out I've never
flown this drone before and I thought I
didn't have a memory card for it however
it turns out that it comes with a free
16 gigabyte one so that's good isn't it
lucky don't
gyoon dawn got everything set up to my
iphone here hopefully I'm going to be
able to shoot some footage and record
the school isn't there how is it in
comparison to the para a quality is
insane could you see the bird and see is
emini yeah you might be out there and a
bird literally just looked was right
next to it wasn't it it's going down bro
yes don't go give a go up in the sky
yeah and if you stop at the stake that's
pulling down
that one we've got it in the air
everybody dad's currently having to go
banned in mind dad doesn't drive and I'm
really confused to go and he's not very
good at computer games so this might not
be the safest there's also massive bird
of prey up there what is that like an
Igor Buzzard chilling up there chicken
it's definitely not chicken its Israel
there's no he's loving it don't expect
any really arty shots yet though guys I
know that this area has been percent the
potential the most amazing shots okay
dad the gavel but I'm not too good at
flying it yet so we're just gonna have
to have to wait and see
right quick battery change put this one
back how's it going do you like it yes
so good isn't it it's so soothing let's
do it then yo wash him up in the air go
on boy
I hope we at least got a tiny bit of
footage for you guys to watch and enjoy
if not there will be good stuff coming I
really really want to take it to the
West Pier yeah like I really want to fly
it around them around out a bit awesome
that's that's what we need you as soon
as you get back to Brighton this thing
is so no I said easy to fly no I said
today about that cliff like foiling
Seven Sisters if we should take it at
sea if we should drive up there when we
get back see if we could see what
actually happened to get a new case for
it as well
I really really want a case that can
stall that spare batteries probably have
it on my back as well if anyone watching
this video knows a good backpack let the
Phantom 4 can fit in not the three
there's ones for the three but I can't
find one for the four except from on the
Phantom website the DJI website but I
think it's something like a four month
waiting list for it yeah so if anybody
knows one feel free to tweet me a link
or something I really really want to get
like a a rucksack that I can put it into
that spare batteries and stuff
that's right battery space because this
is actually pretty hand it's really good
not very comfortable to hold but you
need the spare batteries and right we're
just heading back now back to the little
household then we're going to put on our
gym stuff swimming stuff and head to
head to the spa QT hit up the jacuzzi
get some cocktails I'm already hungry
again only had a salad this Atlit just
had a salad surprise was still hum ba
this healthy eating thing what were you
saying
I said have you seen the cloaca non the
fell off the tree where where is it oh
boy that's a small one that's a small
coconut you have to walk on this bear
quickly quickly
Bobby you can't run on air both the
little doggies are on the sofa with some
snacks and water having a chilled time
their mum and dad are already in the spa
and guessing then the hot tub outside
guys we've got one hour until it closes
quickly finished up from the sauna and
this
Bar and the shrimp born in jacuzzi and
all of that we're now in the gym where I
should be training I should be in here
tonight I've done a long time it closes
if it closes late it's already 8 p.m.
then I'm going to come back in here
after dinner or something I am I'm going
to come in here tonight if I hear what
I've been taught time it closes no I'm
not going for the gym where we go like
wherever it is and in the morning more
Power Rangers on TV sorry not like TV
Park like dinosaur Power Rangers or
whatever no yeah
whoa dinner has just arrived and it
looks amazing
we had six members neither white you're
barking weird six members of staff
deliberate there was that much food I
felt really bad I'm sorry if anyone else
was at the hotel the same time as us and
couldn't get any food because everyone
was in our room
like chicken salads look at that mash
and sausages chips mash salmon salmon
salmon burger yeah I kind of did a young
guys fell asleep on the sofa happy
birthday I'm off to bed night Shawn
everyone else has turned it off well I
was fast asleep and then they woke me up
saying she's going to bed so I have no
idea what's going on I'm so tired
I kind of want to eat some of these no I
shouldn't I start for me
no no hey buddy are you doing yes
there's my bed there's your bed so weird
sleeping is that prevents I like yet Oh
cut my code water down there those ice
net got my laptop where is it I am in
the head Oh who bloody blister plaster
oh my god is stuck in your hair oh don't
you were flowing at me nicely Lance is
in your water with your eyes what would
you do then the top
I got my braces in as well so I'm really
lispy you missed everybody do occupy day
I'm just singing I've got my bracelets
I'm living listen what I'm going to do
is I'm going to pick the winner of the
competition tomorrow again ball
I'm so tired if I do it right now I'm
gonna fall asleep so I'm gonna film it
tomorrow and edit in me I have my dress
I've got my boxers on and my hat all
right I'm gonna film it tomorrow and
edit in now I'm well aware that this
blog is already like 22 minutes long or
something so I'm going to keep this
super super super quick I've got up all
of the comments on the blog called oh my
gosh woman and we try and get to the top
the blog was called something like
surprise birthday
here we go surprise birthday weekend I
said I would pick two winners so right
now I'm so if you can see the reflection
on something I'm just wearing boxers on
my bottom half I'm just for home and
I've been laying on the bed editing this
vlog and it has taken so long because of
the drone footage so the two winners for
today's items are number one is octa
sorry gay I'm sorry confidence in your
name wrong Twitter
octa SAR a GIH unless the cemetry
Instagram as well so congratulations you
have asked for the hoodie though though
I will send you the hoodie and the
second winner I'm just scrolling and
scrolling with my eyes closed
stop Jeff Green Jess green happy belated
birthday puppy Alfie could I please have
a medium t-shirt or a beanie Jess you
can have both of those that is Instagram
and Twitter that girl Jess underscore
suggests I'm going to send you that one
as well I will get in contact with both
of you over the next couple of days on
Twitter or Instagram or whatever you
guys use grab your dresses
and send you everything you've asked for
back to previous Alfea congratulations
you ever won congratulations wins oh you
give them a private message yeah one
again right to win today's giveaway
competition all we have to do is you
have to thumbs up this video super super
simple thumbs up this video and then
head over to pointlessblog
on instagram my instagram account and
like and comment on my most recent photo
so like the photo and then comment
whatever items you want I'm going to
pick the win out and if it's somebody's
liked and commented and thumbs up this
video I'm going to fit the winner on the
31st I can't even say it because my
braces the 31st I'm going to take these
out the 31st of May there we go that's
so much better see of 24 hours from when
this video goes up to like this video
head over to my Instagram account
pointlessblog like the most recent photo
and comment on it whatever items merch
or whether that's one item ten items
four items and item view and an item via
nan an item for you and an item for your
dog and I'm going to pick one winner at
random anyways I hope you've enjoyed
this birthday video I've had such a
lovely date I feel it probably really
been enjoying today yeah and mom and dad
are your mom and dad and all and buzz of
got home completely forgot to vlog that
oh I'm so tired
what song today I forgot I was looking
I've never done that before
legit forgot to blow more you can vlog
tomorrow and you blogged a couple of
days ago it's rubbing we're buying the
birthday cake should make a mash-up of a
birthday weekend right I'll catch you
tomorrow guys I hope you've enjoyed the
video I love you so much thank you for
all the support you give me every single
day means more than you can imagine and
let's make this week really really
excited bank holiday tomorrow so let me
know what you're getting up to in the
comments whatever you did hope you had
some fun hopefully the weather is nice
tomorrow
supposing you need to me money you want
about what there yeah with the funnies
you've seen Wendy before oh
pretty funny from here you're weird I go
to sleep over there in your single bed
look at that good night guys the entire
time we're here you're not allowed to
touch the floor you've ruined all the
fun
