good morning guys good morning good
morning we're on an adventure today
we're on an adventure I've just driven
and Papi's driven actually we drove
separately it is Poppy's birthday
tomorrow if you don't already know so
we've come for a little getaway a little
trip away and we're back Jim when I came
here last time we are back at this
awesome house my memory guard went fall
so I have no idea where that cutoff
basically we're at this awesome house
again it was raining the entire Drive
now we've arrived it's like a blue sky
look at that Zoey hasn't been here poppy
and Shawna right when did you arrive
like 15 minutes ago and then you came
down here all right let's go have a look
around Zoey
where'd you want to look yeah I know
it's sick isn't it let's go in kitchen
got you guys have already seen I don't
know I'm showing you guys tomorrow mum
and dad are bringing both the dogs up
because Niall is staying with them
tonight
so them two are going to be running
around this garden like crazy and I've
even bought my drone with me everybody I
fought my join with me so we can fly
that up and around I want to get some
food I'm so hungry
banana Jonathan I'm not gonna bother
showing you guys around again because
you've already seen this place when I
came to stay with chain Holly Castle I'm
gonna give you one early birthday
present before tomorrow
why not yeah they clear eyes clear eyes
it's not a joke keep me closed open them
up yeah your own dungarees that you left
our house our foods arrived and it look
at that I'm gonna go for that tomorrow
oh my go
where's your sonnet yes look at that
you then it wasn't so much that look so
mother that's the shop look at that
we've got a little tilted bowl how fancy
is that nice oh yes and none of you guys
can hear poppy singing happy birthday to
herself over there and then on the
sunbed I should have all my sunglasses
sit on my bag you comfy there pop it's
not your birthday today
you've not got three day birthday
weekend papi has birthday week
no no shows that thing no we did it's
your birthday tomorrow in fact I'm going
to ask mom or our you were born so we're
gonna roughly our 107 I'm not even gonna
be awake I'm not even gonna wake your
birthday is like two days
I'm so chilled are you ready to have sex
in my hair is everybody be prepared
it is really sexy we're going on fish
I'm gonna be people shorts on it is such
London weather Sean's going off for one
he hasn't even had me sure yet today
ah Oh whoever touches their car first I
touch mine I'm driving I'm driving I've
got my keys oh my car is like a sauna
yes it definitely is yours it's also
black colored car oh my god my drink is
so warm
Boise
get your butt in the car come on get in
the car
we're not even guys that we're excite
we've got a Sainsbury's everybody
notices so exciting what food are we
gonna buy I want you on some pineapple I
bet the actual pineapple whenever I'm
with you for free you totally despise
pineapple tell them how big of a tarp or
pineapple the other day in London
literally I had massive
some reason probably taking us clothes
shopping in Sainsbury's I didn't even
know soon as we sold clothes in
commandment thing it meant by that looks
fabulous man with your cutters it
matches the color of your car yeah goes
really well against um
oh man who remembers these Oh to have to
buy them now you have to buy it now Shh
nobody let them know who remembers the
VMB n du du du du du bien bien du du du
du bien via doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
did you everyone's thinking I'm weird
yes what you want
pairen-chan what you only thing to eat
is a hide round corners hide poppy in it
anything else really pop these are all
odds with it we need a few that yeah you
need any prevalent you haven't got you
any presents yet your birthday go pick
some things go pick something good
sample you anything when you forget your
shopping bags don't get plastic ones
everybody the bad for the environment
just don't use any packs like yo exactly
only bags for life or no bags at all did
you know I'm legend or a legend ledge
one get in there don't forget your
gaming get in there oh my gosh get in
there Zoe stayed back on this editing
instead of coming millionaire shortbread
goose billionaire billionaire yeah oh my
gosh football this is what I want
everybody vanilla mini milk lollies just
vanilla I know but they don't real mini
milks but real mini milk but they don't
but they don't do only vanilla ones
they're the only ones alike I fell
asleep for 40 minutes and apparently
it's 40 minutes oh I don't remember I
fell asleep for ages on the Sun bed
outside earlier I was like sweating yo
this looks the same as a mini milk god
oh my god this is amazing
my okay mummy tastes the same mmm sound
bite it this here you gotta bite it
we're off to the spa come on let's go go
go run run run hey last time I was here
we played the game with the entire time
you're here you're not allowed to touch
that floor or the sides you're only
allowed to walk on these yeah guys the
entire time we're here you're not
allowed to touch the floor you've ruined
all the fun meme thug life yeah I know
the one you're just horrible land on the
offside call me go down to the woods
today use your other big surprise oh oh
oh
Mike there is a monster
this is the most ideal place to fly my
drone yeah what did you say
no one cares this is the best place to
fly
now what breakfast did I get I don't
know honestly can't remember we left to
watch my vlogs and see oh oh you're
gonna fall over this looks so awesome
now imagine fly my drone around with
this countryside I'm ready to hit this
far look how tiny my shorts are couldn't
find my normal ones time to go swimming
time to go in the jacuzzi
hopefully get some white as well also to
get a glass of wine in the pool shut up
there's no one there oh my gosh nobody
is in the outside hot tub oh my gosh
oh my god yeah your voice is great
it goes crazy yeah yeah that's like a
little wooden hot day it's a sauna sauna
a steam room something like that it's
such an ugly earlier on it was chucking
it down with rain and now it's so not
they would even thunder and lightning
thunder and lighten earlier I look at my
hair I got why not grow one let's put it
under the water
what there's a phone somewhere in order
drink
boy
Oh
Oh
our drinks have arrived and they look
ridiculous two gin and tonic two glasses
wine a passion fruit something and two
merging mijitos you know what it is
caprese or caprese or something like
that go frizzy it's getting so hot
outside in the hot tub so you've come in
for a look at my camera just steaming up
instantly we're coming for a cheap
little swim inside jump or just gobble -
it was all like flaking on look at it
look at wind along oh that's so great
guys be careful on the boosted boards
it's never happened sorrow thing no you
are anything's where are the
girls
yeah they are what are you doing boys as
Arella is that so Ella's boyfriend
sister we're waiting we we sat out the
spa for so long yeah we just shot there
we sat there for so long yet and then I
said to the woman cleaning a three
minute I said the woman linen I was like
as two girls come at recent years I
honestly I wouldn't know I was like okay
well then they haven't come out I tried
to go into the steam room and then they
turned it off whilst I was in it you've
been called a bunny
that's October a few a handful what have
you been chasing bunnies where the
lighting and this is insane in my vlog
y'all look at this will be look at
Sean's arm he came on he pulled it off
cool at all he pulled it all off what
was the one rule I told you guys you're
not allowed to walk in that middle bit
pop you have to walk on these bits only
there is a rabbit hole oh no no no oh I
need he fell off those on what oh god if
you can see them look this is my body
Oh ants now look at the narrow sorry
many where maybe there uh but oh there
is little mugger but they've made all
the corridors put it back down right
there's little maggots in there right
must be oh there's one look they're all
tight teeny tiny little eggs a thing
yeah there's eggs and I'm freaking out
because this is not hello red or black
yeah guys just put it back down so yeah
the girls are in the shower
our dinner has arrived and it looks
amazing
guys hurry up the food looks so good so
I went for tomato soup and then I didn't
get the burger although that looks
amazing
I went for salmon yeah I kind of fell
asleep on the sofa guys we were watching
the final of Britain's Got Talent
I did manage to find out who won but as
soon as that was revealed I was just
like fast asleep I don't know what the
time is everyone everyone's left the
wrong pie then none I is it your
birthday now is it no midnight yet so
it's not midnight yet it's not poppy
after yet in tomorrow's vlog it is
Poppy's 25th birthday I'm so excited I'm
so so excited we've got two separate
beds and I'm far too tired that the my
hair I'm far too tired to make them into
one you like normally when you
twin beds they're not far away from each
other these are really floral this is
like I just push these together across
the other side wait can you see me my
boxers I don't know I'm gonna go to
sleep my own to go to bed
we're tucked up in bed everybody all
right actually I hope you've enjoyed the
vlog sorry about the messy hair all of
today
sorry about the hair guys you're really
really excited oh I'm gonna have to film
and put it in the competition winners in
everything there is another giveaway
competition today I'm gonna have to film
clip tomorrow when I'm more wide awake
about who won because I didn't upload a
video today which was yesterday for you
I'm so sorry it is the next day last
night I was absolutely crunked I was so
tired and I just didn't have anything in
media to pick the winner of the
competition so I'm filming this the next
day I am wide awake and and just editing
the video up and it's time for me to
pick the winner I've got all the
comments open I don't if you guys can
see I don't if you can see that I'm just
scrolling and scrolling scrolling and
scrolling and scrolling I'm gonna
randomly stop on somebody let me just
scroll let me keep my eyes closed okay
eyes closed no cheating
I don't even know how it we cheated in
this like 77,000 comments stopped
wherever it stops jacking a stop by now
here we go or this is a big paragraph
hazel dreamcatchers hi Alfie I'm so
happy that you're doing this giveaway I
would love to win well you have hazel
yeah if I won I would love a jump out
brackets in size large a hoodie in size
large a t-shirt in sides large or a
beanie your videos bring me a smile to
my face every day I look forward to your
future videos and keep doing what you're
doing because it's amazing
Thank You Sophie my Instagram is Sophie
grace T okay so name isn't actually
hazel hazel dreamcatcher maybe hazel was
in the color hazel for the dream
captures and your real name is Sophie
well anyways Sophie
someone's at the door that was like
housecleaning kind of people coming to
pick up our breakfast plates and dishes
anyways Sophie congratulations I'm going
to send you all of that stuff you wanted
and at the end you said all a beanie I'm
gonna of course just send you a beam
yure I'm going to contact you on
Instagram at Sophie crusty so I'm going
to get in contact with you over the next
couple of days and let you know that
you've won and grab your dress and said
that you and everything and then as I
said a second ago in the video tomorrow
I'm going to announce two winners
because of course yesterday I missed out
on a daily vlog so there's going to two
winners from this video so comment down
below what you want now give the video a
thumbs up and I think that's all about
for it for me all about it for now I
don't even know what I'm saying
past Alfie continue on the video all I
want you to do today is thumbs up the
video and comment down below what items
you want I will pick two winners or 5
p.m. on the 29th of May 2016 tomorrow
for me
and there is one picking two tomorrow is
because obviously I didn't upload a vlog
yesterday as you know anyways I hope
you've enjoyed the video I'm super the
excites puppy's birthday I need to our
gods
we have ringo gotcha morning i catch you
guys tomorrow
hmm don't any same thing before ender
then I guys good night good night good
night game
Oh
