good morning guys
wow that won't hurt my throat oh my gosh
good morning how on earth are you doing
it is a love I don't know what update
you on the weather first thing I think
it's just because the weather in the UK
is always so bad that when it's there we
go then when it's a nice day I feel like
I have to let you guys know that I have
to let you guys know because it is so
rare and just popping off to the petrol
station to not actually get some petrol
but to get some cash out because we're
going on an exciting adventure today and
we need some cash back from the cash
point we've packed up all of knowledge
stuff because the exciting adventure
sadly cannot involve nala today so my
mom and dad's and I'm building allah's
pen here because this is where she's
going to be sleeping tonight
so I'm just building up all her bed
knowledge downstairs with Zoey mum and
buzz messing about having some fun and
I'm building this last one everybody
there we go let me get a bowl of water
for her don't spill it don't spill it
don't spill it look how nice these
flowers are mom's Mother's Day still do
you enjoy mum like designing them and
making the look of them raging that's
the one you design what is designing is
now because the other day I bought her a
bunch of flowers at the train station
and they looked amazing yeah they looked
amazing what made them off me no and
then sorry just undid the ball we made
them up I didn't know that was a thing
if I got bug
a bug in your Oh grasshopper you too
tired already you've been chasing each
other too much
goodbye doggies BAE BAE BAE you're gonna
fun with your brother you guys can have
fun yeah now I think they lost me my
films at mom and dad's we're now out for
breakfast a super late bro kind of like
a brunch
I've got scrambled eggs on toast with
salmon yo your burger looks good I kind
of have a garden no poppies come play
the healthiest looking thing ever even
healthier than what me and Shaun have
got what you want what what you on
makeup tutorial by poppy days Brandon on
storage by poverty
show them your makeup it is my body
cream I cram my one knee Thank You
Graham you're bad I just want to show
them you're all that's one fine oh
that's good oh it's got like a green
bomb update got whoa give them a garden
tutorial show them show them your white
chairs have you guys seen poppies right
yeah really nice let's show you them
let's show them your white chairs look
how nice poppies Jezza she says they're
rustic look at them she bought them
recently
nice little fold down this one for
sunbathing occasionally let me see new
plant pots DIY for for a blog post
you're gonna you're gonna paint these
aren't you oh trying to grow these
plants yeah look at these plants you see
the nice ones in her front room look at
these ones what take these ones in your
front room bot good luck this is ripe
optimized to clean the flat all the time
I'm not even joking look at the bed
go away now I've got work to do
stopping my lady let's have a look in
the bathroom I'm putting this in
everyone loves it when you're grumpy in
my vlogs he's so mean sure you look at
what's what's getting clean what's
drying here why have you got grandma's
curtains here wait is this what you wore
that time in my video in what in one of
my blogs wearing this
outfit is it like a jumpsuit bobby was
wearing it there's genuinely a top
comment that said wife will be wearing
my Nan's curtains I'm saying whoa just
one that's like a flower within a flower
just one hinge flower guy all right
coming in where the car keys in my
pocket see you later
Poppy's flat talk serious what serious
cereal right now are you serious black
knows there's light tell everyone down
the lens how serious you are so Sam what
you got on your void left
oh my gosh let's fill out this blog has
been all over every time I film I'm in a
different location doing a different
thing this is going to be the hardest
vlog to follow yesterday a parcel
arrived to the house I can't turn around
because it's got our address from there
this parcel here can you film this for
me because I'm pretty sure I know what
it is and I tweeted about that was
really sad that I couldn't go last night
but I haven't opened it it looks like
I'm open to have tampered with it but I
haven't that's just the damage from the
post and package in so I am I wanted to
open it it is what I've got it okay so
we've got hashtag generation next a
little bracelet let me put up on here
there and finally we've got Generation
Next I actually really really want to
read this so for any of you that don't
know this is all in white you guys all
know Ollie why it is his first there we
go
the debut number for Molly white and it
says to happy have fun reading Ollie and
a little cheeky smiley face so thank you
so much Holly I am going to slumming it
with you actually where we're going I
still don't even told you mobile govern
now where we're going it's going to have
one of these books I won't instance what
does the back say the back says wardrobe
in this fit on this map the bit about
the story for anyone that might be
interested things haven't been easy for
Jack recently life as a teenager has its
ups and downs but when he switches
schools and meets a new group of friends
who are every bit as geek as they are
chic his luck seems to be changing
together they created Generation Next
but what is that i gen you dad you know
an incredible new kind of social media
platform boy if your Instagram account
grew by hundreds of thousands of
followers overnight and big companies
are fighting to offer you photo shoots
when Generation X suddenly goes by
awesome you want me to do the audiobook
today we call a goes Bible Jack and his
friends are thrust into a crazy world
Fame that is terrifying terrifying
they're guys
terrifying as it is terrifying
Oh buying which is as terrifying is that
what you say that is as terror yeah as
it is awesome
because someone out there is determined
to trip Jack up at every step if he
doesn't stop them soon it's new friends
and the girl you might be falling for
will be in danger
dot dot dot what danger we can't go on a
trip I'm gonna have to find out Ella
Jack Austin Ava sorry thank you so much
for the book Connie I am going to read
it I'll let you guys know watching want
to think of the book I'm sure it's gonna
be amazing for now I've got mighty big
matchup superpower
so my bracelet on you have to run past
the camera it's cold
hey man how you doing
I do not believe it I'm in London in
another location everybody how are you
doing oh my gosh
so Zoey and I drove up to London I don't
even know when I last updated you we
drove up to London to go see Joe as soon
as I got to Joe's apartment or flat
whatever you call it I jumped straight
in an uber as you saw and now I'm off to
a private party like just some drinks
Germans oh you can make it there back
home so I'm off to do some private
drinks on a boat these people like Ange
and everybody that I work with but I
have no idea what to expect I don't even
know who's going to be there this is the
big old boat here look how big it is
check out the view everybody look at
that the London I think I'm leaving now
not really quite sure which way I'm
going
just let the drinks now everybody just
trying to find my uber huh I think that
might be in there
hi there's this Val fee yes perfect
thank you so I'm back at Joe's flat and
for some reason he is having a party
with the Zoe lychee and to be where and
they're having a party than if you can
say yeah but try these on whilst this
lights on look at look at this what you
mean what are they crazy Islands
I know let's see if it was the best out
there even when it's like you see like
peeking and everything Louis yeah yo
look at the difference no no see it is
equally you feel you're underwater and
enjoy the Chocolate Factory
and we want this one fairy story let me
see for your ones oh yes please no joke
let me transfer the camera through then
once everyone's got these ones oh my god
compares the many ways little plastic
paper oh my God look at that through my
lens yo that is crazy that's what the
world looks like through these glasses
everybody's cool wait why do you have so
many different like versions of glasses
friends can run they can all experience
it like watch it's a different look yeah
you feel underwater
oh my god oh sorry you sign over here
whoo it feels like you guys are really
sure we re got Valaya never like really
short
your weight is easy boy you worry bro
what are those oh no he's got mad
Wow these glasses are the sickest ones
if you like the 3G like India that's so
crazy game feature
oh yeah yeah yeah do is inaudible know
about this rod just run back kiss run
run nothing is changing
Josh Carney family gaming videos and
ever he thinks were in bed
say let's do like semi semi yes okay
I'll do a simple this guy's won't mind
me with my weight earlier as well okay
he's even handy tip of the heads any
different hairs yes this one
where's your guy oh no don't die now Joe
don't do not die now get a custom sniper
rifle yeah okay whoa oh no oh no oh no
oh no oh no no no no yes
Oh guys so I've got this giant gun oh
yes what I do I keep this guy this gun
oh no hope that we do
Ronnie get my nigga right here okay
boom no yours oh my gosh
I shot myself oh you a now Rosemary's
goofy
pausing game just have a heart
attack did you hear me yeah my room yeah
I feel like I feel like a minute I do I
have Tina's like oh I wonder if they're
gonna come in once Kevin Oh give this
version you bastard I'll just shot
myself
we got him guys we got him oh yeah good
luck you can finish playing now I'll
show you that footage bastard
whoo that was worth there that was good
teamwork I think the cameras slightly
cut off Joe's head so I am so I think
he's going to give me the footage from
his camera because obviously he's
filming at the moment a gaming video so
he got it from the front on so I'm going
to try and insert that as well
hope you enjoyed it right I'm gonna end
up log
oh I need pick the giveaway winner I
have a pity giveaway winner yet you guys
had until 5:00 p.m. today so I'm going
to go through the comments right I'm on
the video one hundred and sixteen
thousand two hundred and seventy two
comments but we need to fit the winner
so give me a couple of minutes to get up
oh and open all the comments and then
we're just going to go for a random
scroll and pick somebody I've got
hundreds and in fact thousands and
thousands and thousands of the comments
opened as you can see and just scroll in
and scroll in and scroll in and
scrolling up and down and stuff through
okay one stop okay
boom okay this person here this person
here this is Anton lens and on lens hey
Alfie I'd love to give my friend oh my
god that's so cute is for their friend a
small jumper next month for her birthday
she is obsessed with you and your
Twitter is here okay let me copy that
that is just the cutest thing that it's
not even for yourself is for your
friends so I'm going to send your friend
a small jumper and I'm also going to
send you whatever you want as well I'm
going to message you now on Twitter and
find out what if you want anything and
I'm going to send you whatever you want
as well so congratulations and on and of
course it is another giveaway today guys
another giveaway I want you to just I
don't know what can you do yes subscribe
to this channel give the video a thumbs
up would you give it super simple again
super super simple subscribe and give it
a thumbs up and then just comment down
below whatever you want whatever you
want so I'm going to pick the winner on
the 27th of May 5 p.m. UK time the one
winner whatever you guys want I sent it
to you I need to get all tucked up in
the bed and go to sleep so thank you so
much for the love and support recently
guys I'm not gonna wear my hat to bed
though Morris because my hair looks so
crazy bad moment I love you so much
thank you for the support we've got a
super fun packed day tomorrow and yeah
hope you've enjoyed the video I'll see
you then good
also I've got my 360 camera here with me
this little guy I really want to shoot
some really cool 360 videos like with
friends with family by myself not on
whatever so if you have any ideas for a
360 video of course it has to be
visually like fun 360 maybe like a cool
challenge or will I fill the room of
something and you can see it all over I
don't know let me know what you think I
can film in 360 I'll catch you tomorrow
good that it involves something crazy I
want to show you show them what it
involves this is the this is what you
wash your car with a board up my step
that and what did he say when you gave
it to you it was like you're not
pointing this at each other I was like
oh it's a whole point the whole point of
the video
