good morning guys good morning how you
doin hope you're having a lovely day one
thing that I saw somebody comment the
other day and I was like that is a fact
that is true and I don't know the answer
myself is why I say good morning guys
good morning how you doing why am I
saying that twice also the whole point
of me stopping say good morning guys
back in the day was because I was just
like I don't really worn like a specific
intro to these videos I just want to be
able to start them as whatever I'm
feeling like on the actual day so I
could say hi because I hate how you
doing you could say good morning guys
could say nothing and go straight into
video however I've somehow turned into
saying good morning guys good morning
how you doing I don't even I don't know
everyone else is just all over the place
doing different things throughout
Scotland I'm coming you off to go get
some breakfast and mainly a coffee
I need a latte or a flat white in my
life probably shorter like somewhere in
Edinburgh trying to fix how I phone at
the Apple Store we've got Zoe and Mark
somewhere else on a bus tour just seen
on Instagram we'll split up today doing
whatever one thing that I do need to do
that probably means that I need to spend
more time by myself than with the others
it's some Christmas shopping we need to
get some Christmas shopping and
obviously as we all hang out together so
much shopping for each other is actually
really hard because we're all constantly
together so much and as you know if you
watch this mean just not really into a
much of it glad you had to feel things
you had to touch things up to try things
and you can't do that when you're
shopping online
such a chilled day is so awesome here
like imagine living in Edinburgh and
having this like right let me sit down
for a second in life is hard to
appreciate and then I spoke about this
the other day when I was working with
that charity campaign in London the
pop-up shop it's hard to appreciate what
we have and I show so much stuff in my
vlogs living where I do in Brighton that
you guys are like oh my god I wish I had
to see near me I wish I had that the
pier looks amazing the countryside near
you your garden or things like that and
I'm like that's so normal for me that's
just like the norm and I was just about
saying to the Campbell I started saying
to the camera imagine having this as
your view like that is unbelievable it's
so crazy but it's probably one of those
things where if you live here that's
just the norm but I've got the beach
they've just got casual like I think
that's a car so I'm pretty sure that's
Edinburgh car so unless I'm wrong
they've got that whatever that is that
looks awesome and I'm so jealous imagine
the drone fired my drone with me today
the drone shots I could have got off
that would be unbelievable I guess what
I'm trying to say is don't forget how
bloody lucky you are how much of an
amazing position you are in in life even
if there's somebody your best friend who
you feel is in a better position than
you they're just in a different position
excuse match this go to the cash market
no it does that are you don't you change
I got to get to the top of this massive
hill to meet the others for breakfast
and they've already ordered it is
impossible to get a taxi around here so
I thought you know what there's a bus
I'm trying to get on the bus see if it
goes to the right place it didn't go to
the right place but it went to a place
nearby tried to pay for it and they
don't do change which admit that's
literally blown my mind who has the
correct change for a bus at all times
one pound sixty I've only got a
five-pound note so I can get on the bus
so now I'm walk-in which means I'm
probably gonna miss breakfast unless I
can randomly find a taxi which is
impossible on a positive note check this
view out this is beautiful
trying to follow a map on my phone I
think I can go up here like it doesn't
officially say that I can but I'm just
gonna do it it looks like it's working
it's skipping that big bit by going up
this little staircase I have no idea
where I'm walking apparently I'm going
down some stairs now
believe it or not have actually made it
and I think that would have been quicker
than the bus as well because I took that
little shortcut hey how's it going we
just finished up breakfast you know if
you're saying that I want to get another
dog recently this is our favorite little
cafe I kind of wish I waited and got a
coffee from here I'm sorry thank you for
them a previous coffee was really good I
actually did breakfast where we just
went because I didn't have time when I
arrived everyone else adored you got
their food so I'm happy that we've
gotten grab something to eat chocolate
orange roll that's the one see now you
like tuna I mean yeah I do remember one
of the old burn off your chocolate
orange oh oh maybe burn off a yeah but
nothing oh yeah let's all do a shot they
are crazy here
the updated shop I did end up going for
the tuna banoffee pie little chocolate
then water charcoal charcoal shot with
ginger try that
you know that's good same time like this
have you ever had one of these you used
to have one yes yeah oh my god basically
obsessed when I was a kid that one yeah
that was literally me when I was a kid
new video I Shawn's new video challenge
yeah Brett who you doing that way why is
everyone robbing this time there's a
bloomin shiny toy though why's everyone
bobbin out I don't get it why why are
you touching it going Sean go and touch
it touch that Oh cheers mate you boy for
you saying I like ya I think let's go oh
yeah that in the jumper hey there may or
may not just bought two coats a jumper
and a t-shirt now that was very
successful
Oh would you do it mark we just tried to
go into Edinburgh space adventure but
unfortunately it's completely sold out
for today
so we're having to miss out so what
we're gonna do instead is we're gonna go
and get a toddy a hot toddy which is one
of the drinks that we had yesterday
there was delicious I want a slow Apple
hot toddy I just want one of them again
it is so busy around here
thank you thank you
monk yeah buddy
Shino hot toddy these runs are whiskey
yeah yesterday's was gin this runs
whiskey oh yeah that is good
never drink whiskey may or may not have
just waited about 15 minutes for this
there's literally the longest queue ever
so he's got a I mean it looks nut Ella
and marshmallow crap this looks so good
I kind of have a clip in ages we've been
back like the last hour and then I was
speaking like this an hour we've been
back home for the last hour and I've
been sorting up the new blog replying to
tons of your comments read and all the
comments and everything so thank you for
the love thank you for all the support
I'm about to make the most classy GMTs
you've seen in your life what that gives
everyone hello where are ya you got a
very classy glass
my kid there sprinkle of each XI node to
camp oh where are you where I've just
been downstairs you weren't in there bro
you're not on the sofa oh you're right
in the corner I just came in here and I
didn't see you
is that a that's a G&T man no I'm just
loving life you know we're currently off
on the way to go and get some dinner
hopefully from a place called issue but
it's super popular table or anything to
return again today although they don't
answer the phone after 6:00 p.m.
apparently didn't even know that was a
name so we can't ring them Bobby said of
course there's not going to be a queue
no one's gonna be eating a half past six
I'm going to show you the queue in a
second it is ridiculous this is the
restaurant here check that queue out
crazy this is the goals oh my gosh no I
thought I had a lot of lights that is
like next level so that place had a
two-and-a-half-hour wait just to be able
to get our table not even like plus
ordering food and then waiting for our
food to be cooked we rang up another
place that said they've got three hours
we just went to another place that said
no chance so we're kind of just like
walking around seeing wherever we can go
Robbie I've already got much choice is
Saturday evening we got to go to make do
last time we came here we used to go to
this pub and we absolutely loved it we
had beer pong and if you'll remember
school 52 canoes we're trying to come
back no I'm gonna have to bleep it all
sweets to come to this place although it
wasn't here so I think there may be the
chamber
sure just one hour and they've all
change they don't do food anymore that's
not the same place we had to leave the
other place because there's no food
Paradise Palms apparently this is the
one and we managed to book a table for
in like half an hour food
these guys chase guys
this is awesome so worth the wait guys
this is what we wanted the other plate
to be this is what the other place used
to be before it will rebound special and
we just run outside oh and there's a
Nando's to see if I can find the corner
shop or somewhere bridge Express gifts
place I want to see if I can get a deck
of cards from somewhere so that we can
play it some card games if this place is
open this seems like the one there we go
thanks so much I did not think that was
going to be successful
literally got some playing cards it's
the last card of old maid everyone's out
as I'm sorry and Shawn 50% chance
oh we pit the old maid
guards only you got this you got this
oh my gosh oh my oh my god thank you
guys this is all vegetarian as well
looks unbelievable there's just not look
veggie give me that this looks
incredible how is that veggie this
doesn't oh my gosh our finding somewhere
we won tonight
oh I just missed just mr. I grabbed my
camera damn every time you want to play
oh sure what's got bloody giraffe oh my
gosh
somehow mark has persuaded Shawn and I
to go out to a club tonight
it is Saturday to be fabulous Saturday
we're young is Christmas got my frigate
spinner boots can I get a coat on in the
club on my red laces you know if you're
spinning see you later good bye
yeah thank you so much buddy
have a good one I feel like Mark is
dressed for a night out Sean's got like
eyes no boots on I've got my coat one
and a half dress yeah we're looking for
somewhere called please don't tell I
feel like is it gonna be secretive
could be like a secret entrance where
you can't actually see where you're
going all because it is a secret club in
there yeah no wonder you can't tell are
is it actually a secret club yeah you
have to ask the right like it could be
like that guy there at the random white
door it could be their mark see the best
way they're going now
guys I think this is one of those like
secret places where you have to like
give a code or say the right thing to
get in what's ahead some towels is that
like we've all blacked out windows it's
probably not hey here it is yeah it's
like a little telephone box it's kind of
thing
my camera's run out of charge so we're
currently trying to get one of these
home because we we can't get a taxi
there all the keys for the taxis are so
long locks or these blankets that mate
the guys saying 20 pounds 20 pounds
bargain how long wait how fast are you
are you gonna drive carefully
I don't want any crashes I love how you
say is extortionate yeah you guys are
already wrapped up in a blanket you said
it's a bargain is a bargain 20 pounds
this is the biggest ever done - oh my
god yo
Jamie bloody not you're crazy you're
crazy you're crazy to get back to life
Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy is your name Jimmy
right what's your name boy we're
practically on the left anyway here is
perfect Jimmy Jimmy mag give me one yes
Jimmy your that was a sick night I'm
currently eating leftover pasta from
yesterday's dinner that bar slash Club
was cool there was so many of you guys
in there it was oh my gosh I mean it's
something really spicy like chili on
fire
it was literally crazy cuz I could blow
him meet up met so many of you tonight
and then we just got back with Jimmy now
we waited in a taxi key for ages was
taken too long I ordered uber and he was
saying to Don so he got we waited seven
minutes Luba said ten minutes and after
seven minutes are still so 10 minutes so
then we got in one of those which like
it twice to call that's probably the
best in cooler
I don't really know well some transport
yeah we're going that home and we're
back now we're gonna end the vlog here
if you've enjoyed it if you love Jimmy
give the video a thumbs up subscribe if
you're not already one thing that I was
meant to do in this vlog and I
completely forgot I have got it sorted
there don't you worry was link means I'm
Lillian description of yesterday's bond
and I will do today don't you worry
all right da was it gives all you have
at been present and I have got it all
sorted I'm gonna do it and I will insert
it in a second at the end of the vlog oh
shut up man go to bed
alright can we talk about how scary that
was at the end of the club I don't have
true this is at all but right at the end
when we were clubbing one of you guys
came up to us and was like guys be
really careful with your drinks keep the
thumb over the top of your bottles
because people who spiked them and also
what no one's gonna add two spiked our
drinks a Mike Mike buck get mark came up
to me mr. Alfie really be careful with
your drink someone just told me despite
their immense yeoman right now no one's
gonna spike our bottles we've got
bottles of beer
Nana girl came up to Sean one of you
guys five minutes later and said really
be careful because the I'm not saying
they do like I I'm not saying that bar
does at all I have no idea I'm just
putting the message out there for you
guys to be careful when you guys are
going out drinking in the evenings said
that the bartender's in bars in
Edinburgh spiked drinks I've never even
thought of bartender spiking drinks so
she was like not only Jeff never your
thumb believer but just be careful
because that your bartenders might spike
it themselves so I literally just put my
both my two bottles one half to uncle
one know of Corona straight on the side
I was like no chance I don't want any
more drink tonight if that's the risk so
yeah be careful when you're out drinking
guys drink responsibly drink as much you
can
and always the
check your house and stuff like that oh
yes don't accept any drinks office
strangers watch your own drinks would be
very very careful you never know what's
going on drink at home is cheaper and
better and then go out yeah I'll catch
the morning guys get the video thumbs up
do the nice stuff I'll write some
comments and stuff see you in the
morning
goodbye bite bite time to give Zoe her
first Advent present a little bit of
explaining to do
and this isn't an excuse this is legit
explaining I've actually got proper
Advent presents all at home for Zoe
sorted in everything although somebody
told me don't bother bringing in Eve
those ones with you just buy me
something awesome an eddy but then you
don't have to take it on the plane we
were leaving the house yeah on the
morning of our flight and you and I've
hidden them in the house so that Zoe
can't obviously accidentally find them
and I was struggling to find where I've
hidden them because that's where I'm
like a hide stuff so well that I can't
find it myself so it is fine we've got
time and Edinburgh for you to buy me buy
me a present I had to buy it in
Edinburgh but isn't because I haven't
gotten it sorted I've got tons sorted at
home close your eyes it's not right no
it is right
Oh be careful be very very careful even
Oh No open your eyes be very careful oh
my god you've used needles no they're
not needles I just found them on the
side in the Airbnb they've got a nice
little pearls on the end it's they're
wrapped in it's wrapped and get your
more yeah
or is alive be careful this is for us to
do on the plane he always video on TV I
do love catchphrase so we can play it on
the plane you like it it's not the most
festive fact to do with what I could get
an Edinburgh about you see in thank you
so good
