good morning guys good morning how you
doing how you doing walk warning mochi
stunk boy Hayden
wash your toe it's a little bit sore
these shoes mock's hat I don't why we're
still going to the gym I just letting
them know just in case they forgot about
your toe look because it's quite a big
issue below men gym yeah oh yeah
breakfast oh yeah so we're going to go
for some breakfast we're going to carry
on the meeting that we were doing
yesterday at the end of yesterday's vlog
what we ended up just getting sushi
we're going to carry on that meeting and
try and get more work done on that then
we're going to get uses and then we're
going to go get me a six-pack we're
going to head to the gym that's why we
wear gym attire right now yeah that's
what we do it let me know what you're up
to in the comments comment down below
good luck as well to everybody in there
much the merch giveaways I still need to
choose today's winner tonight hope you
enjoyed the drive and challenge
yesterday let me know what you think of
it what you thought of it it's quite a
nice day little bit cloudy a little bit
overcast but we're getting there getting
there aren't we bright you excite for
breakfast Marx is so hungry that he's
out of a protein shake already he's
already other protein drink this morning
hey man
love speaking to strangers love it Oh No
try not to go challenge he's about to
cry he hit his toe on the floor I can't
believe I missed it he went and stopped
his toe that really at ten like hey or
thank you so much
here he is oh oh oh boys and girls the
guns have come out for summer sixteen
yes two
one two I'm under I'm under strict
instructions I'm not allowed to be
Marcus life whilst he does this maneuver
called a windscreen white back and other
at home no I can't do it I can't bro I'm
not strong enough what that is not as
stiff and technique
there you go yeah boom don't all the way
if you find hard just they're just
they're just there that was here I've
ever you just did it so because you're
learning don't go all the way just go
like that and then go to there yeah yeah
you can't that is the thing round the
clock
hey Marx you're gonna try and climb the
rope with no legs going you've got this
no legs just up to the top touch the
ceiling
yeah Anya hopper there
you got that you got that one more one
more going you got that one more one
more
way that's good it's wobbly isn't it my
session is over everybody that was good
we did some shoulders and biceps before
I don't think I film too much and then
we just messed about here we didn't do
much abs we'll do some later I don't
mind
I didn't do that much windscreen wipers
only did one attempt and then we just
messed about the bars just muscled up
and some
where's my doggie where is she hey how
you doing baby you excited to see me
we're currently setting up for Marcus's
new video we're having to shoot in the
garden because bloom and egg sorry buddy
because it is so extreme when's this
going up then I wanna stand up yeah it's
coming up fairly soon next couple of
weeks or something a little bit bigger
oh and it involves something crazy I
want to show you show them what it
involves this is the this is what you
wash your car with a border I'll step
that and what did he say when you gave
it to you it was like you're not
pointing to each alright I was like oh
yeah that's the whole point the whole
point of the video so we don't know how
powerful it is yet we're going to test
it out now it's got like a massive like
engine thing where you have to write
plug it into the mains all right opens
up and I think we're going to hurt each
other you know I think this is going to
really hurt I turn the water on so we
have no idea what to expect this is
going to be scary
look at this oh I don't want to shoot
you know lab accident look at that he's
loving it it's loving it no not up not
up God do it but don't try and get
yourself on us get me knowledge bored of
it she's gone no I'm not my camera bro
Oh
yeah nada strong so why wait not my leg
with shoes on nah let's come running out
to get a ball he go what's this
what's this join us go and get it go
ahead you didn't get it you didn't bring
it back
I will finish filming everybody it was
crazy
like so how good was that honestly the
video there's gonna be I reckon it's
gonna be one of the best videos we've
done it's really one of the best videos
we were literally both like drupelet
absolutely soaked freezing cold
practically naked spraying each other
with objects ridiculously powerful Jets
right more because you want on the u2
video
exactly all right we need to get all the
wet clothes and stuff we need to take it
all inside nyle asleep bro we need to
order some food
I'm so hungry we haven't eaten yet since
we go back from the gym
right let's go in how nice is it here oh
it's so warm in here food has arrived
chicken sweet potato fries and quinoa
salad happy old boy so happy I'm not
sure when the last clip I filmed
actually was all I knows that Marcus is
left now I look like I'm under the water
for some reason I there we go I just
changed my camera set in my accident
it's time for me to get changed I am off
to a friend's I want to say gig but it's
not a gig it's kind of like a
performance my friend has directed a
show and it's in Brighton it spot the
fringe festival and I'm going to go and
see it tonight with a couple of friends
so I need to get changed obviously I
can't go in like tracky bottoms shirts
and stuff need to put some jeans and a
t-shirt and a jacket and then they need
to drive down
I'm running late as usual I try so hard
not to be late everywhere I go and
somehow bloomin air and somehow I still
manage to be late everywhere so annoying
I don't get how people are on time I
kind of think I know where I'm going but
I'm not quite sure I know the area also
I should just can't find that I'm not
lately I'm just late for the drink that
we were going to have before the show
started so I'm still like half an hour
early but we all aim to get there an
hour early yeah this is like a festival
kind of vibe I've just got home
obviously I didn't film the actual show
for two reasons number one because it's
a show and I'm not meant to be filming a
show because then it ruins the show if
that makes sense and number two is
because the show this is going to sound
like crazy but it was actually really
really really cool it was called a tit
show and it was about two women and then
their boobs out the entire show my
friend Emma you guys probably seen Emma
in videos before she's been a friend of
mine since I was like in year 7
no not even year 7 she's going to kill
me for that she's been a friend of my
since like maybe a reception or year 3
anyway she was producing the show so I
went along with my friend Jack my friend
will my friend know me and my friend
Martha and we just all went and watched
it together and it was really really
really cool is so interesting because it
was like complete comedy completely
taking the mick but had quite a serious
message behind it which was basically
women's boobs breasts whatever you call
them on like a sexual thing they're made
to feed babies that's what they're made
for just like an animal would feed off
of their parent like Nala
would feed off of her mum for a while
that's what boobs
are made for and like society has just
made them like a sexual thing so the two
women the two girls had their boobs out
the entire show
but like covered in paint and glitter
and it was just like it was really
really fun is it I don't know it was
very different and like I sat down son
it's my friend Martin we both like nerdy
Java Naza
I don't know what to expect and she was
like I have no idea but it was great so
ever if you're watching congratulations
it was so good I loved it I loved it was
there's a lot of fun
just got him now got out my laptop and
preliminary lies how late it was
it's 11 minutes to midnight 11 minutes
to midnight that's it now today's
giveaway we're going to have a tiny
little change of plan we're still going
to be doing a giveaway don't you worry
but I'm not going to be picking the
winner of yesterday's giveaway because
for me that video only went up like
nearly seven hours ago so some people
for example who live in like Taiwan I
believe my video goes up at midnight and
5 p.m. UK time is midnight in Taiwan I
think and which means if I chose the
winner now it would be 7 a.m. so you may
not even be awake so some people might
not even have a chance of winning so I'm
going to pick the winner for yesterday's
tomorrow so that each competition has
sir each giveaway has a full 24 hours
for you to enter so that anyone in any
country all over the world can enter
it's going to be a lot more fair don't
worry there's not gonna be less
competition as it just means it's going
to end a day later if you get what I
mean
don't worry you'll understand tomorrow
we're going to be back to normal but
today we're still giving away some
merchandise so I haven't thought of like
a simple nice way what to do so let's
give it super super simple all you have
to do are the pressure to choose
something good something fun for you
guys to do all you have to do is like
the video and come on whatever you want
just super simple we're not going to do
anything Twitter or Instagram or
snapchat or anything today like this
video and comment down below whatever
items merchandise you want you can
comment down five or ten items at once
you comment on one item or two items
whatever you want for your friends for
your boyfriend for your noun for your
dog comment it down below and I'm going
to pick the winner for this competition
which is tomorrow you're going to pick
the one winner at 5 p.m.
and I'll let you know obviously in
tomorrow's vlog so so good luck that is
right I'm going to end the video because
I'm going to go to bed I'm like
absolutely knackered all my friends were
doing like beer and gin and tonics and
all that tonight but I was the one
driving for a change I just took my
friend Martha home I was the one driving
so I only had two glasses of water very
very sensible not even anything fizzy or
sugary because I'm trying to be healthy
at the moment so if you enjoyed the
video give it a big ol thumbs up I'm so
excited for you to see marks this video
like it's so sick I will catch you
tomorrow bright and early I'm going to
try and hit the gym in the morning I
think or at some point definitely ha
we've got something really really
exciting happening tomorrow I completely
forgot
but going we're going on a trip so you
know I got I forgot okay be excited cuz
tomorrow something super exciting that's
happening I will see you then good night
who's been doing all of this who was
that
was that you was that did you do this
