who's been doing all of this who was
that was that you was that did you do
this Nullah
the Jew Jew did you make that mess no
what's this
what's that was it
hey no you still got something you have
what's this did you do that
have you been naughty look at that all
over the floor you're going to sorry
who's ripping up the paper who's ripping
up the paper see you who's ripping it up
no you can't escape King likes the doors
closed you can't escape who is that what
are you doing what's this what's that
what's this
oh now you're pretending you're scared
of it are you are you playing with this
but she's pretending she's scared of
that what Nullah where's that she sort
of one away I need some good lighting I
need some good lighting for the start of
this blog there we go good morning guys
good morning I think it's pretty early I
think it's about 8 a.m. damn it ten past
eight not as early as I thought today is
a lovely looking day look at that sky oh
my gosh as you saw from yesterday's vlog
yesterday's weather was super on and off
it was raining one minute sunny the next
minute raining one minute sunny the next
minute apparently today is going to be
more consistently sunny which is great
because we've got
special guests coming over you guys all
know him you guys all love him he goes
by the name I don't know if they tell
you or not he's probably gonna I'm
probably not gonna tell you and then
he'll like being the thumbnail or
something which we'll just give away who
it is so should I tell you now because I
always do this then accidentally leaked
it by snapchat with them and stuff it is
morgy but but Marcus has got a meeting
this morning in Brighton and then after
that he's going to stay in Brighton all
day stay over tonight and then hang out
tomorrow as well don't worry guys I'm
not getting him back I'm not getting
back in bed to go to sleep don't worry
I'm getting in bed to edit a video which
you guys are all gonna love I'm gonna
leave a link to it down below it is I
don't know how to tell you now I'll
explain it later but just get excited
because something during the video is
coming that I know you guys love and it
is so good I've edited most of it I just
need to tweak the last ending anyways
guys we are going to get up to so much
fun today so get ready for a good vlog
it is going to be awesome
let me see how many comments my new
videos got because last night in
yesterday's vlog my vlog boosted board
fail has got 77,000 comments what what
do you wanna do you're not gonna walk
now oh you're so cute shoot out on a
walk yeah yeah should we do that
good gal you having a nice walk coming
then stop wait check for cars coming in
it's not actually very often that I get
to take Nala route for walks during the
day because I'm often working and busy
during the day or in London or traveling
or in my studio and Zoe's normally at
home work in sir she takes not for the
walks during the day and plays with her
and stuff like that Zoe's got a photo
shoot going on today so I'm at home with
the little doggie
looking after her doing all my editing
and everything my filming from home
marks is coming over in a few hours
cameraman so ever since I got home from
walking Nala she has literally been
cranked is that saying cranked Zonk
ademma no she's been fast asleep but
literally so out of it so instead of
trying to cook a healthy lunch with the
few ingredients that we have at home at
the moment
oh you're gonna disappear I thought you
know what it makes a lot more sense to
go out oh my bloomin heck to go out and
get a nice delicious healthy lunch with
Shaun so that is what we're gonna do
I've also got the booster boards just in
case we need to go beast important we
don't need to there isn't any plan to
but just in case we want them we have
time to the boosted boards are there
I've also never ever parked in a car
park so far like I haven't ever tried to
park in a car park so that's going to be
interesting to try park the car
everybody first time in the car park how
did it go Shino I think you did really
well yeah yeah how's your arm
um update everybody I'm up day it's all
Robert matters drive like the last two
days it's been really horrible which one
had a shower today but it's fine it's
fine look you can tuck dodo tidy I don't
like that I don't like that but we've
come out to get some lunch the way
they're still holding out it's still
lovely look at the sky there we go still
nice and blue but I don't know whether I
should have bought a jumper with me or
not am I gonna regret it if it gets bad
I'm just gonna jump in the car and go
home although let me just tell you
actually because I should probably let
you know I'm entering meeting marks in
29 minutes at home I think at home
anyway hopefully he's just going to come
to town I haven't told him yet though I
should probably let him know check out
this fresh lemonade
I'm thinking it that's so cool I love it
so good yeah X I brought a fresh man
look at that bottle that's so sick whoa
he's really better that's gonna wake me
up
I'm already away don't whine wake up
even more stick into the health eating
guys quinoa salad and double portion of
chicken sweet potato fries although I'm
incredibly jealous take it Sean the
thing is just oh I was like oh I'm
ditching this morning I should totally
go through that then I was like nah I
didn't gym this morning so I have to go
for this or that I'm gonna try and gym
tonight finished up lunch what is
happening with the weather look at the
sky now I showed you this guy minute ago
and now look at this bit that over there
still nice but what is going on you've
got a jumper I wouldn't have back Marcus
has just finished his meeting and
Worthing he's driving to my house now
and I've got to go meet in there so I
need to leave in a second you're going
shopping aren't you a present
it is Papa's birthday on Saturday or
Sunday Sunday is Papa's birthday I means
that we've got her 1 present so far and
she bought it herself because she knew
she wanted it which is kind a little bit
weird but then it makes things a lot
easier because I know that I've bought
her a present that she enjoys so sure
I'm and she wasn't bought something the
same as you so far yes a little bit yes
so you need to go get some little bits
today I'm going to try this on my shop
and flip it so sorry I'm going to try
these online shopping flowerbeds right
I'll catch you yeah and see you later
good luck
find some good stuff headed back home
trying to run because I realized that
I'm probably so much linked to the more
they thought hopefully Marcus isn't
outside yet take these off need to be
able to see that would help when driving
I didn't even use the boosted boards
damage marks and I wanted to go boosting
as well today so maybe if the weather
gets nicer up you're gonna go
hello can you see me I gave everybody
everybody look who is finally here
back in Brighton way no no no let me
teach you how to do it let me teach up
to date first
okay so we've come down to the beach on
the booster boards mine over there we
just we're away were overweight
what speedy you won okay now you're on
the slowest so jump off a sec don't push
they jump off you push that in and you
spin the thing
yeah I'm just testing you on this floor
and then we're going to go on to the
bike lane and Whizzer long if you're
wondering why we're at the beach marks
and I basically got a meeting sorting
out some really really exciting stuff
coming out in the future and we're
having the meeting at my office so I
just drove us down here with the booster
boards in the back of my car we jumped
out and we're going to boost the board
along to my office and then booster ball
back to my car after the meeting so that
is the plan look at this he's loving his
life
the first tip for dad oh no it is a
blooming lovely day invite and I know I
keep on talking about the weather guys
but I'm British and that is what we do
when it's nice weather that's all we
talk about when it's bad weather that's
all we talk about you enjoying it yeah
cause it's so sick look at the weather I
go and get that snapchat get the
snapchat Marcus
I'll get that Instagram you cannot be a
day like this this is just magical I
don't even know where Marcus is look how
much much I've got here this is 1/3 laid
it all out that's all for you my natural
new wardrobe you're only allowed to clip
Phoebe merch the meeting is in full
swing we've even got one of these
bloomin boards out everybody we've been
writing on that I flipped it over so you
can't see the secrets you quit we're
planning you guys can't be seeing that
we've just ordered some sushi to the
office some suited we've ordered a lot
of sushi to the office also can you guys
coming down below Martin I've just been
chatting talking about our favorite past
mounting moments whether that's
literally Marcos wearing the worst hat
you've ever seen for like six months in
all his videos or whether that's my
t-shirt clicking video although doesn't
really owe anything to mark that was
just a crap video comment down below
your favorite mouthy moment whatever it
was however big whether it was Marcus
you put cheese in my mouth in that main
video where or and to Dec when we all
Saturn take us World Records or energy
and anyone across our history if it's
tweets of it pictures anything like that
let us know your favorite we've just
been having a chat trying to decide the
best moments that we've had we've
finished up all of the sushi and some of
the meeting we didn't get as much done
as we needed to or we need to head back
now
because we need to need to get back and
hang out with Zoey we haven't really
seen it all of today and then as soon as
she came back from the phone we rushed
straight out to the office to sort out
the stuff we needed to sort out but it's
all good it's a lovely evening look at
the weather
oh my gosh isn't this a lovely evening
Wow you cold a little bit you know what
you need PB hoodie that's what you need
bro yeah he's gone way past week okay
you're going back to mine you mister are
going back in here here he is now that
was good yeah just hold the control for
a couple of seconds the button and it
will turn off whoa I'm by mana I'm
Alicia bottle yeah there's so much fun
yeah yeah that's sick are they can I
write that in London though where gosh I
had where you can buy that wherever you
won so we're back home and I don't know
if you guys I'm sure you all do you all
probably watch Marx's or your second
Channel all got one percent and I'm
gonna show video on your foot I've got
my work phone here I know we need a big
phone okay so do your thing right so
I've just got home and if you're
familiar with Marx's second channel
called more markets no it's called try
not to cry he has a series that takes up
most of his videos with a channel of the
minute 7 yeah we've done seven videos
all titled drop
try not to cry and you've also got drawn
into laugh as well done yay yeah well I
know I sure to yourself
he's got the try not to eat as well he
puts carbs in front of every support
gets really tactically doesn't know
serious they try not to cry is a serious
amok stuff yarn and just all my gosh but
you're me hug i well you were taking the
idea oh my oh you're a doll monkeys try
not to you on
ah I literally just yawned that made it
really I came out of that I'm just so
your final mark Saunders Reis enjoyment
quite a did you sit no I haven't seen no
like half a million views though in a
couple of days or and it fell over and
it is basically him watching where is it
the videos when people surprised so I'm
turning the lights on just the license
bonus when people surprised their family
with coming back from the Army is dad's
color that from the army from the Army
leaders kit is dads with little kids you
should give a try out too quiet Tom
Fletcher's wedding speech yeah yeah yes
me come here
okay you know what it might not be
available on phone okay
no definitely is it's got half a million
sorry and then Allah firing on the fire
might struggle you know what things with
knowing minutes long just watch 3 me
yeah it's me is it like that oh okay
music is coming
holiday my eyes water know is which way
everybody this is nothing live already
is seeing adult men cry I can't handle
that this one yo fight was savagely my
home did you know what my eyes I do open
if them how they instantly cut so I'm
like it makes me happy for them I cry
more happy things than the sad thing
this makes me happy this is what
happened yeah oh oh so you did you
yeah oh no no no it's not
there's like my I didn't have it
Oh fine is like the happiest video ever
yeah now that's people literally like
your that's the stuff that gets me going
like it's a little later on in the
evening Zoe's gone to bed Nala is fast
asleep next to me Marx is buying hats
have you found any you like yet online
shopping yeah one you found one yeah for
this the issue is thighs I've got
massive head
we've both got very big heads so when it
comes to buying hats yeah we're limited
but there's got to be a snapback so you
can choose the size yeah anyways the
reason why I'm filming this kit now is
because it is time to pick a winner for
yesterday's giveaway
yesterday's PB merch give voice oh I'm
going on BB much can you see that and
I'm going on the pitch with the most
comments which is a picture of me taking
like a mirror selfie wearing the jumper
and using the iPhone case it's called
forty thousand comments which is
absolutely ridiculous so I'm going to
load loads of the comments now quickly
and then I'm just going to scroll
through and randomly pick somebody I'll
do it on camera to prove that it's
completely random give me a second to
load a load of comments and then we'll
get the winner here's my phone with tons
and tons of comments loaded so I'm just
going to scroll randomly promise you I'm
not cheating that they're not picking
anyone in particular just scrolling and
scrolling and scrolling you ready three
two one douche this person here Kaylee
Hogan I would die for a hood in small
and a necklace and a notebook for my
friend who loves to draw and she loves
Alfie and she's not able to get it I'm
going to follow you on Instagram and I'm
going to drop you a message and send you
the hoodie and small necklace and a
notebook for your friend and in fact
I'll send you a notebook as well so
you've got one yourself I promised you
guys that I would open the third box
today we've got one box full of
merchandise left but I'm going to leave
it for tomorrow because it's already
half past eleven I'm so tired and if I
do the same as last night and pour the
merch everywhere all over the floor to
show you it then takes me so long to
clear it back up and I'm so tired and
we're going to get a birdie to mark we
can go to the gym so I'm going to open
the new box of merchandise probably
tomorrow or the next day I promise you
I'm going to do I'm going to show you
everything that's in there I'm super
exciting so I haven't even looked in
there myself
it's all right duct taped up if you want
to be in the chance to win some
merchandise today then I just want to
keep it simple like the previous day's
all you have to do is be subscribed to
these daily vlogs subscribe to my
youtube channel this one pointlessblog
vlogs give the video a thumbs up and
then comment down below which ever items
you want and as usual like the last
couple of days feel free to comment more
than one item like if you want a jumper
and a hoodie and a t-shirt and a beanie
then let me know that if you want a
necklace for your sister a beanie for
your grandma and then notepad for
yourself then also let me know that and
I will send you guys whatever you want
and I'm going to pick the winner of this
competition tomorrow
I'm super excited I'm loving all these
giveaways let me know the Converse
Cesaro if you're enjoying these
giveaways I think it's just it's a lot
of fun and it's a chance for some people
that may not be able to get the
merchandise to have a chance in getting
some merchandise alright guys
before I go to bed I've got one last
thing to talk to you about and it is the
same thing as that I told you about as
that I told you that doesn't even make
sense and it is the same thing that I
told you about this morning so I know
you've been waiting for this for a long
time and I've been in it for a few days
and I know it's the best run so far by
far it is finally time and it is finally
out for you all to see the brand new
driving challenge with direct line so
you guys all know that I'm working with
direct line to teach you guys how to be
a safer driver well that's the aim
anyway I'm trying to teach you guys how
to drive safely by putting me to the
test and I've been using their drive
plus telematics plug-in to score
everything and track everything and in
this episode today in the car with me
with Zoey poppy and Sean so we got up to
a ton of fun we went at you're not even
going to tell you go check out the video
in fact if you're feeling super nice it
would be amazing if you could literally
just go on the video give it a thumbs up
and watch it check it out show it some
love leave some lovely comments on the
last video we got 15,000 thumbs up like
that is ridiculous I think we can get
20,000 so your task is to get 20,000
thumbs up on the new driving challenge
or leave a link down below literally the
top line of the description just click
it check it out give it a thumbs up
leave a lovely comment let me know what
you think of it and also whilst you're
watching it leave another suggestion for
a driving challenge that you want to see
me do with some friends with family by
myself with nyle and whatever you want
to see let me know and I hope you enjoy
the challenge I had so much fun shooting
that in fact I think I might just end
the vlog down here because Zoey's asleep
upstairs or I don't really want to have
to go upstairs and start blogging and
we can rap as usual because I shout
quite loud when I vlog so you can
probably hear me right now have you had
a good day more keyboard more how many
hats have you got now
still one i'll just the one in all this
time other clothes have you got any
other clothes
yeah good good selection laughing that's
good well done mate nada how's your hat
shopping going you hat shop in in your
dream I'm gonna end the vlog now
everybody thank you so much with the
love and support you give me every
single day it means a lot me mugs are
going to get up early and hit the gym
tomorrow so you'll see that in
tomorrow's vlog hope you're excited me
showing Marcus hard to work out my
techniques my tips how to get ripped how
to get six-pack how to get hedge but
I'll get you tomorrow good night I
cannot even describe to you how much
merchandise I have ordered just to send
to you guys
