I cannot even describe to you how much
merchandise I have ordered just to send
to you guys good morning guys good
morning it is let me show you outside it
is an absolutely lovely day here in
Brighton I'm already in the office look
at the sky look at that blue all blue
believe it or not I've already been to
the gym this morning I was gonna film
there but I thought it's a little bit
cringe I don't want to be that person
that films themselves in the gym working
out to prove to their friends that
they're working out but that is
literally what I would have done and she
suggested somewhere to go and get lunch
if it's disgusting it's not my fault is
an just Bowl are you ready to look at my
lunch
look at mobile I'm in lunch what is that
salad look at it it's deadly dog I wish
it that day it's probably like tomato
juice or something anyways the
healthiest lunch in the entire world
that have also got a quinoa protein bar
or something which is good because I
just went to the gym and a nice latte
which probably really isn't very good
for me time to try the health and food I
don't even know the only nuts there are
on the top I really hope this is
delicious because if it is I can just
get it every day I'm at the office oh my
gosh it literally looks like a vegetable
patch I don't even like tomatoes as
martyrs in there or gauze yet that
actually is or is it you come back
okay very CD very CD it's different not
positive not negative it's just just
different and just popped out to grab
some lunch and I am currently editing
out a new driving challenge video this
is by far my favorite one so far it is
really really good I'm going to show you
a sneak peek are you ready that is all
you see that's all you see and that's
all you're gonna get obviously it's not
going to be up really to wash going
about in a few days I'll let you know
where and when and everything it is
going up but for now I've just realized
that I haven't got a black phone case on
my phone like on my personal phone I
have a lemon case so I need to get rid
of this get off of there get off and put
on a flap pb-1 yo look at that matte
finish that's so nice guys it's giveaway
day 2 day 2 today let me put that on
there sick look at that that looks so
nice yo yo yo yo I got permission dude
I'm about to do a TV interview ignore
the hair literally looks like I've been
electrocuted don't worry I've got
hairspray and stuff I'm going to sort
that out now I've just realized that
when you do TV stuff you're not allowed
to wear branded clothes don't know why
they just don't let you do they always
just so plain watch any TV program where
people are like presenting or being
interviewed they won't be wearing brands
I don't know what I can do with this I
mean it's kind of a little bit obvious
that it is branded isn't it and it has
the brand right there in the middle of
the chest so I'm kind of limited because
I'm not home to what I have available to
wear I'm thinking I wear one of these
what do we think we're the largest
where's the large ones at medium medium
kind of got a bit of an issue they're
all size medium and I'm a large right
let's see what we've got over here we
might have a couple of options I think
that's a bit too much Stan Merry
Christmas
pointlessblog t-shirt that's old but
that's a small sorry about my hair
beanies I could wear one of
them large plain black t-shirt okay that
looks good
I managed to find a plain black t-shirt
although it does have a tiny little logo
but we won't tell them that pretend oh
no wait I need to do my hair looking at
hair is done let's go
booster board into the meeting boss and
walks sorry I should have bought my
other one or we could have bought a bit
of rope and another skateboard and you
could have held on it is such a lovely
day to everybody Brighton is in full
swing here we go
never been in here before so I'm really
interested in everything that you do I
mean you've created your yo world so
tell me how your journey as a blogger
began just finish that up everybody in
the hour that I was in there filming the
weather has gone from amazing to
literally like gray that sucks
how did that go Ange good was it good
yeah I kind of walked quickly trying to
catch up with the board back in the lift
going up to the office it has been a
long old day everybody in the time bus
good little good to look a watch I mean
got all kind of a bracelet I think is
like quarter past for trying to get
anything guys apparently I've just found
out that the new driving challenge is
going to go live not tomorrow the next
set so get ready
and I've got a really big and ordered I
think something like 200 items I'm
currently watching yesterday's video
it's been up 28 minutes and they were
already
4357 comments let me quickly refresh
4567 oh my gosh I'm gonna wait till
later tonight before picking the winner
I can't pick a winner after the video
being live of 28 minutes some of you may
not even be awake yet see now in
yesterday's video when I said have
ordered a lot of merchandise to give
away to you guys I meant a lot this is
one third this was one box out of three
the other two at home of the merchandise
that I've ordered iPhone cases necklaces
pins other iPhone cases hoodies jumpers
look at all of that I'll tell you how to
get involved in the competition later on
in the vlog I just want to say big shout
out to the UK but providing us with
lovely weather as use your super
reliable got my booster board perfect
sunny weather got my new shoes on
definitely that I want to get ruined in
the rain
this is just lovely I might just walk
home my walk all day oh my gosh I bought
my booster ball purely to booster board
the entire way home that is a long ride
like over half an hour definitely isn't
going to happen is it
hey one how you doing have you had a
nice day have you had a nice day
apparently I've got two packages
this is shoes I know that one I have no
idea what this one is one one earth is
that oh I know what that is you guys
aren't allowed to see that one yet so
I'm not gonna open it on camera let's
just say future stuff to someone want to
treat do you want one alright let me get
a nice one out for you or look at that
one there there there that looks
delicious gun then if you want the treat
you have to go to your pen cuz we're
going out now there you go
you enjoy that I didn't film the meeting
we just had but for some reason the
weather has got beautiful again like the
UK is my last clip I feel like I was
literally walking in the rain like down
weather wanted to go on my booster board
now I'm back home then we just went out
for like a meet him for an hour Zoey and
I now we've come back and look at the
sky again how is that a thing come on
Ally go for a wee nope nope Nala that's
naughty go and go to the toilet how are
we already this far into Britain's Got
Talent
it feels like it literally only just
started also I may have done something
and it'll be bad just a little bit not
too bad guys and may have just ordered
pizza face which is Zoe and mind paper
Zoe in mind - oh his favorite pizza
delivery it's got a hell with you want I
got a Daisy which is like pine nuts and
caramelized onion on a whole wheat spelt
base don't even know what that means
sounds really healthy so that's what I
went for
but I did say I'd pick the
because it was either like an hour for
delivery or 10 to 15 minutes to pick it
up I want to be driving a lot at the
moment so I said so don't go and pick it
up come on then keys let's go for a spin
I'm heading off little one I catch you
in a bit yeah I've got my ball out yeah
all right
ah ready kids actually I think like 85%
of you over 16 so technically not kids
I'm currently spinning you on like a
little sticky device thing that I can
stick you ready I'm gonna flip you
upside down three two one what and now
you can come on the journey with me
obviously I can't look at you guys too
much because I don't want to don't wanna
have a crash touchwood bloomin AK how
you guys do it
I hope you having a lovely day the
weather here as you've seen has just
been so up and down but don't worry I've
still under super enjoyable day I've
been looking at reading all of your
comments about the merchandise
competition there's literally already
40,000 comments the videos only been up
a few hours you guys are crazy like so
crazy come on go green go green for me
come on No go green
come on come on come on yeah now is
lucky
do you know what's really weird guys
thinking back to when I couldn't drive
right now I don't even think about what
I'm doing with my fear with my life
think about it enough obviously to know
why I'm doing but it's hard to explain
like my feet when I'm changing gear my
foot just goes in on the clutch like I
don't really think about it too much but
back when I was learning like to
remember to my foot in and the lift up
like it was so confusing
I don't know wanted this white or the
next one think it's the next one ah
is it that one it definitely was that
one was now yeah that was the one I just
went the wrong way I'm gonna take a left
here and spin round Hey we go look what
I got I've got so much food two pizzas
coleslaw and garlic bread
to someone want their dinner wait mana
wait good gun then let's have a look to
our healthy my pizza looks oh my gosh
I was about to pour this box on top of
my head like I did in yesterday's video
when I was in my office I just went and
then I realize that this one has my
notebooks in it so that definitely would
not have been good to pour my head
however let me show you what is in this
box
t-shirts t-shirts notepads
no pads no pads no beds no bad t-shirt
t-shirt jumper t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt
no baths jumper jumper jumper jumper
puddings
Thirteen's jumper few more things last
thing and an empty box I cannot even
describe to you how much merchandise I
have ordered just to send to you guys so
if you didn't already know I am doing a
merchandise APB merch giveaway if you
don't about my merchandise
I sell merchandise with the logo PB on
it standing for pointlessblog there is a
book or a notepad there is a t-shirt a
small t-shirt and some other here
there's a hoodie and why are the jumpers
there's so many items there's a necklace
a bit like you guys know and there is a
jumper so I've been selling PB
pointlessblog merchandise for a few
months now and I thought it would only
be fair if I started to give some away
to you for free because not everybody
can afford merchandise so if you don't
already know every single day this week
I am giving away whatever items you guys
want all I want you to do today or I
need to pick the winner from yesterday
I'll do that once again to bet on my
laptop you guys last time I checked and
left like 45,000 comments on my new
video all
is like the video and comment and I'll
send one of you submerge all of this
here there is so many items is just the
second box the other box is at my office
and then there's still one more box down
there I want to keep all of these
competitions super super simple so all I
want you to do today to be in the chance
to win some merchandise is like this
video literally go down below click the
thumbs up button and then are you ready
follow PB Murch I'll put it on the
screen on Instagram follow PB Murch on
instagram and just comment on one of the
photos whatever items you want as many
as you want whether you want a t-shirt
and a hoodie and a notepad and a
necklace and a jumper and some pins
whatever you want a signed poster
comment whatever items you want it can
be one item it can be five items it
could be one item view and three for
your friends comment on one of the PB
instagrams whatever you want and I'm
going to pick a winner tomorrow
tomorrow okay we're gonna pick a winner
tomorrow I now need to tie the all of
this mess that I've made up put it all
back in the box and head to bed
so yesterday's vlog so far has got 60
1722 comments and fifty seven and a half
thousand likes that is ridiculous I'm
going to have a little flick through the
comments now and pick a comment and let
you know who the winner is it's going to
be completely random there's 62 or
whatever thousand comments it can't not
be random I'm just going to scroll and
scroll and scroll and randomly pick one
let you guys know who it is in the video
and message them and let them know that
they want I've found the winner
susannah deal up has I'm sorry I don't
how to pronounce your name I think
you're Spanish I've just been on your
Twitter over here this is you you are
the winner you follow me so I'm going to
message you on Twitter
grab your dress and stuff you tweet some
things some things in Spanish and some
things in English thank you so much
watching the videos and everything
susanna has asked for a hoodie a t-shirt
or a beanie in small and then she's left
another comment saying you know what
making a medium so I can share with my
boyfriend Susanna
message you now on Twitter and ask your
address in that so that I can send you
all of the items you asked for a hoodie
a t-shirt or a beanie in small I'm going
to send you a hoodie a t-shirt and a
beanie all in small in fact actually you
can't get the beam in small that's just
one side so I'm going to send you a
hoodie and a t-shirt in small and a
beanie and then you said you wanted a
medium hoodie for your boyfriend I'll
send him a medium hoodie and a medium
t-shirt as well how does that sound so
I'll send you guys all of that stuff
thank you all so much for entering
remember you can still enter in today's
competition I'm going to end the vlog
now before I fall asleep I am so tired
it's super super late if you enjoyed the
video give it a big old thumbs up
actually you have to do that to end us
or anything I don't even need to say
that you guys know what to do I love you
so much I will catch you tomorrow oh
I've got a really exciting day tomorrow
you've literally zouk is literally
sitting there blocking her ears I'm
sorry Sheldon how much you felt when you
flogged okay I'm sorry for shouting
everybody thank you for the love thank
you for the sport I'd be having a lovely
day
I've got a super exciting day tomorrow
I've got a special guest coming over all
day hanging out at the studio the office
whatever your call at the pointless hub
I'll see you tomorrow good I've been too
loud good night
Puppis
