so if you haven't guessed already guys
it is finally the giveaway week I warned
you this was coming and I've gone in
read eBay and ordered I think something
like 200 items good morning guys good
morning it is certainly not the morning
it's currently half past six in the
evening let me explain
have you got a spade in your mouth you
showing off your spade to everybody that
is a lovely Spade can i buy it off you
and I take it no can I take it no please
please can I have it oh yeah
what about if I steal it and then I
throw it on the floor today has been the
longest day in the entire world I woke
up super early edited and uploaded a
gaming video scheduled for tonight which
is already gone live then I edited the
daily blog uploaded that which is also
gone live these guys these guys are
taking the mick out of me now your
linear and then join the common do you
wanna comment yeah do you guys want to
come and tell them what we did yeah come
and then they're taking the mick out me
Sharon alright I'm gonna go plug in the
garden you guys are idiots are locked
dammit
we then all headed out for lunch which
Zoe and I never ever ever have a Sunday
roast like wait is a Sunday roast like a
UK thing I think it's quite like a UK
kind of thing anyways we have a roast
dinner on a Sunday it's a very
traditional thing to have over here you
guys might have a wave form I'm not
really sure Zoe Knight never ever go to
the F of cooking a roast on a Sunday so
for a change we booked a cool little pub
down the road and we went down all had
an amazing amazing roast it was so
delicious I did film a little clip I
will insert it now
oh my gosh that looks ridiculous and
that is although filmed but anyways I've
just finished editing the main Channel
video which I also filmed before we went
uploaded that long story short three new
videos have gone live it is now the
evening and I can relax no more editing
no more filming except from this one
here for you and my cousin and their
boyfriend on the way over and I think
we're going to head to the park do some
boosting boredom you enjoy that chew
okay we'll be back later see you in a
bit we've just got to the park
hurrying is it here white you going
first is he you're gonna wave you
shredded she's doing she's holding the
controller the wrong way back we're all
right right jump off the board first
before you die and then move it
backwards of your thumb oh did you see I
don't know that's what it's on the slow
thing yeah so if you stand on it and
then move it forward really slowly but
really slowly and then move it backwards
to slow down if you want
she's already back poppy and Zoe
honestly poppy stood up on it ya know
Zoe won't try it so there we go that's
forward to push it in and then forward
roll forwards back with your baton a
little bit so you just hold the trip
drive it in what you can slow down here
we go
he's already used to it he's got his
other board down here do you like it I
got I'll put it faster that's three so
it's three out four be careful because
it will be a big difference lean forward
that lean forward yeah video joke just
lean forward I'm sorry if I kill your
boyfriend look at him he's loving it
yeah Ethan why this is so long he's
loving up
Shawn just came off sure and show them
what you've done
show Buffy what you done she's going to
cry I didn't get it on camera
Shawn was going as fast as he could
sitting down and it spun out in his arms
and hand down sho papi have you seen it
pop you're more wide at your trainers
please don't tell me I scrapped like a
really annoying person you should
probably put some like Oh Ali show
jumpers car show poppy I want to feel my
face don't it's not funny Alfie
Shawn okay that's not help that you
should probably yeah my shirt and go
back I've been having sitting down races
that were going good up until just then
I don't know where Harry is he's like
absolutely smashing it because he's used
to riding his longboard he's really good
at carving like turning loads not to
find izzy is he somewhere boosted
boarding out here
fleurs go bumpy as net I don't write I
don't like riding this bet come on Izzy
you got this yeah yeah you can go check
the other foot on and then get ready
change the remote so pull about greedy
slightly if you want to slow down we're
heading back home now everyone summer
walk in some are driving and some are
boosted in Shawn's cleaning off his arm
how is that oh this ding I bet yeah and
then I was like oh wait how of it it
does yeah don't rub it
that's horrible as you know Shawn's arm
is a little bit wet and sore and sticky
because of the blood show them show them
what it looks like yeah so what we're
gonna do is we haven't got any bandages
so I've got a sock that I don't we're
gonna cut the top off this is a very
good bro I'm going to get a fresh tissue
nice and clean put that on it hold that
there then this is ridiculous so this is
so it does the tissue in the right place
yeah I think so
now why putting this on it's not gonna
stick to the bed but blood all over the
shoe yes like see on my t-shirt Lee your
mighty model there and then this bit is
a cheeky low hat for Nala see you in a
bit see you in a minute
I'm off to drop poppy and Shawn back at
theirs for like three minutes they're
gonna grab some gym clothes and then
they're going to come back over here
stay over here and day one of my new
working out scheme I've told you guys
this I told you my new main Channel
video if you haven't seen my new main
Channel video go check it out
I told you I let you into my secret that
I'm going to work out Monday to Friday
every single day what are we gonna bat
until I go away alright which we're not
betting yeah yeah but if anything you
want
me yeah I am isn't trying to make me
lose by you gaining this is meant to be
you helping me okay well we're gonna
matter you don't do it no I'm gonna do
it because you guys with me I'm a loser
I do with it - okay everyone bed Friday
yes I do
well there we go let's do it together we
go every week euro zone right so I'm
gonna go drop them home these guys are -
I know I know I know that I was meant to
show you what is in these three boxes a
couple of days ago and I never got
around to doing it so I will show you in
this blog but it's so late I may have to
film that clip tomorrow and put it in at
the end of this vlog which I will do I
promise you I just don't want to open
them all now because there is tons of
exciting stuff and it will go all over
the house so I will show you in this
video but the clip may have to be filmed
tomorrow ah already good some spongebob
are you ready kids aye aye captain
captain captain now 7 M I can see you in
there I can see you sleeping in there
you hide in oh look a key you are
worried in their sleep you um you having
a nice nap on the sofa and I should take
out the toilet I am all tucked up in bed
Noah is fast asleep but she's so tired
I'm gonna end the vlog now guys however
I am gonna add in the clip that I said I
promised you I would put it in I will
put it in I'm just gonna film it
tomorrow because I don't want the stuff
to go everywhere all over the house
if you enjoyed the video give it a big
thumbs up to let me know I'm sorry that
the blog was so all over the place today
I spent 99% of the day you just guys
just didn't see it editing videos for
you I three new videos go up today which
is insane so if you haven't seen those
three please go check them out as well
I'll leave a link down below
I'll catch you tomorrow oh let's try and
gap 21800 likes that's the challenge
21800 view to click the little thumbs up
down below go do it now I'll catch you
tomorrow good night
hello yesterday's vlog I only managed to
get one out of the three boxes to my
office because they are so big and so
like on it blur look at this ah like
they're so heavy I think it's like 42
kilograms or something like that so I
put it in the back of a taxi this
morning and then get on my booster board
and boosted out from the taxi to the
obvious holding it whilst on the booster
controller and yeah it was a lot of work
we have got basically I ordered 10
pieces of every single item of
merchandise Oh ten smaller these ten
medium hoodies ten larger these tens
more t-shirts ten notebooks ten
necklaces ten posters ten of everything
in every size as you can see this is
just one of the three boxes so I'm
guessing this is jumpers here and
hoodies here there's also a little box I
don't know what's in there maybe
necklaces and pins or something Oh
iPhone cases tons of iPhone cases
tons of pins and tons and tons of
necklaces so if you haven't guessed
already guys it is finally the giveaway
week I warned you this was coming and
I've gone in really big and ordered I
think something like 200 items every
single day this week in all of the vlogs
I'm going to be giving away some of the
items it's got in different items every
day and different things you have to do
each day to win I want to keep it super
super simple so that all of you can
enter so let's keep it really nice and
simple day one all you have to do is
like this video click the like button
and comment down below that is it like
the video comment down below what item
you want
in fact comment below a couple of items
a couple choose like two or three or
four items and tell me the sizes as well
and I'm going to pick the winner
tomorrow
literally in tomorrow's vlog I'm going
to pick the winner and then I'll just
get in contact with you and send you
them it will be that simple
so you can like and go look another so
I'll leave a link down below to all my
merchandise go and look at all in the
site and just pick a couple of items
whatever ones you want whether that's
phone cases and let me know the color
and the phone size let me know if you
want to jump or a hoodie a pins the
necklace the signed poster the notepad
lock whatever you want the beanies let
me know what you want comment it down
below like the video I'll pick one of
you tomorrow and send you a load of
stuff wherever you live in the world as
well it doesn't really matter I'm
literally just going to take it to the
post office and see send it to this
address and I'll sort out like the
fastest delivery I can get so it gets to
super quickly and stuff but yeah that's
about it I hope you're as excited as I
am I am so excited for all of this I all
of it finally come I've only remember
I've only got one of the three boxes
here at my office I need from the other
two over tonight anyways I'm currently
vlogging on the wrong day you're from
yesterday
I'm from today I'll catch you tomorrow
good night
