good morning guys I hope you're having a
lovely day it is Saturday today there's
been a few change of pants I'm also
running late somewhere as usual so I
can't speak for too long I'm basically
going off to have a quick meeting with
my dad and a couple of other guys so I'm
not gonna bother vlogging that that's
going to be boring I was meant to be
having a photo shoot today but it's like
the most gray was rainy not really rainy
anymore just dull cold windy day so I've
moved the photo shoot to another time so
I haven't really got too many plans
today
like it's quite a quite free day set
from these meetings now just finish
having breakfast I woke up
Oh as you know yesterday I woke up at
like 6:30 in the morning which I thought
was going to be horrible I thought I was
just gonna hate it I ended up for the
first five minutes obviously of waking
up I was like this is so hard then I
loved it I stayed awake all day I was so
wide awake so energized I then had
dinner at the right time rather than
having it like 10:00 p.m. like I usually
have it and then I fell asleep I like 11
o'clock in the evening
it was like what it what was meant to
happen what is a normal schedule even
though it's Saturday today I set my
alarm this morning for 7:30 I got out of
bed at quarter to eight and I've just
been having a productive day have
breakfast with Zoe we had some like
croissants and stuff had a cup of tea
been playing with Nala watching Louie
through documentary anyways I'm running
late for this meeting I captured a bit
I'm gonna go never boring meeting my dad
and some other people and I'll see you
in a bit I just wanted to say hello I
wanted to say good morning and I wanted
to say how you doing and I'll see you in
a bit okay I see it Evette finish up all
of the meetings and stuff just got mum
and dads for a little bit you can turn
the volume of your radio down mum's got
people over for dinner tonight and she
is what is this spinning is it pasta you
never makes up for this for me I do I
never come over for dinner okay Zoe
never makes stuff like this for me Jay
good
that looks that looks good laughs so
cold it's like your bacon like I said
yeah buzzy boy and you darling buzzy boy
yes come and say hello come and say
hello
come and say hello I don't know what to
say this is 8 p.m. in the evening and
you're probably about a minute into the
video today has been a children you know
I just spent the last like 30 seconds
trying to explain what we would do in
and I thought there's not really any
point we just spent the afternoon
chillin at my parents we're at some
delicious food my mum and dad have got
tons of friends actually not even
friends family from Australia coming
over tonight for dinner just finish
editing uploading the daily vlog we've
watched a ton of films together on the
sofa and allas OE and I though he's now
working on a blog post but it's time to
cook some dinner and time is currently
36 minutes past 7:00 in the evening but
as you know from yesterday's video we
want to start having dinner earlier it
got to the point recently where we were
eating dinner at like 10:00 p.m. at
night which isn't good for you because
if you're going to sleep when you just
eat and I'm going to balance you there
apparently is really bad well that's
what Marcus tells me oh and he's like
super fit six-pack boy so alright
puppies just call me poppy
what you up to what'd you make him
because I've got I've got the challenge
tonight of making Zoe and I dinner
she made an amazing quinoa salad with
salmon
who me mozzarella last night and I don't
know what to make white y'all happen
halloumi burger yeah that's a good show
I don't if we've got any halloumi left
what do you have in a machine something
out of Cara member nice yeah I have no
idea what to make I don't even know
we've got the fridge I'm looking now but
I don't even know what any of it is
dinner is finished I have gone for
similar to yesterday I've gone for a
salad with chemo at the bottom whole
avocado mushed
up loaded leaves salmon and then I
cooked up some halloumi as well and then
I've got some cheese filled tomato pasta
cheese will pass over tomato sauce cream
some mashed potato and some halloumi but
even more random I've got a coconut
water with plain apple drink with it
anyways I'm gonna eat dinner just had a
phone call from Jay saying that chain
Holly are in town and want to hang out
I've no idea what's gonna happen tonight
that let's just see Jay you got that
gone I'm a go on it of course you can
but why don't we go one higher and then
you go for a let go and you've got that
I did end up coming out with these guys
of the antenna how fun it's going to be
or whether I'm going to regret it
okay so break my legs what are these
guys doing below me
oh my gosh why are you doing anyways
we've come to go bowling I didn't
realize how keen these guys were Holly
went bowling last week Jay went bowling
yesterday you do realize I'm like the
queen of bowling I went yesterday and I
was avoiding it what scores did you get
no even tenth and I didn't even get the
high I tied my times right enjoyed you
how can you tie because I don't know
it's bowling I have no idea what Holly
is done
wait what the L in the D why are they
we've also got the sides down yes woo
yeah one going you got this next run I
believe in you you've got this yes Holly
that's it
who's our Jay Jay Jay is like me your
change
whoopee k-dog day and then lost them is
days oh my gosh
is your boy with the strike first time
yes Ronnie yes I can see weapon guys are
doing how I'm doing so well yes Ani guys
I've got a strike then 9 then a strike
then a spare yes only that's the one
look that was insane
somehow got another try
how's it going no don't giggle put your
anger into bowling the ball way not yet
not yet oh my gosh yes honey that's it
that's the wait up yo guys finally got a
73 kg or 65 I got 1 5 - I hit 150 that's
why the hardest on ticket
James crying because he's lucid how
funny is it the Jays lousily Jason most
competitive one wit the souls of the
second game Holly 107 a 76 me 101 only
you on how happy take
no--don't busy that's my money I won the
jackpot oh my gosh I know I didn't it's
just my own money guys I got some money
I won the jackpot look how much money I
won he proud of me
Sheila Camacho one look at my charges
one a little bit of play basketball game
again
Bali's dream in life is to win over a
minion or one of these item we can win I
then we can win you that panda it's a
penguin
what you want one of that okay should we
get you out
why do that much
ah yes Oh go Jay go on Jay
no oh yeah Charlie yes oh my gosh ha ha
Charlie give me somebody got that I have
no idea what's going on
I only got 20 this is the game or do I
do the Rollie one no I didn't the only
one what
go on Haleh smash them clowns down yeah
whoo
yes Charlene no oh my gosh she is a
nutter
she's a nutter look at all those tickets
up he's about gasps those tickets to get
high
Oh
oh yeah 310 bro
whoo I need oh no it didn't say guys I
just got 317 I need 380 to get 500 to
gets the governing tickets for these one
guys this is ridiculous
oh my gosh all right I've spent all of
my money everybody taking my last
tickets out chase last guy
Holly's checking in all of our tickets
this is ridiculous look at that but this
is one of those places where like a
thousand tickets equals a lollipop this
is going to get us nothing the only pad
but had a lot of fun 608 cheese just put
in all of his in now no 786 what can we
get for 786 minion Pez 400 I know the
little children's plate and spoon and
Bowl is 850 chose getting samaram Molly
is very happy she's got a flashing flag
everybody oh it stopped flashing already
that's just oh there we go
a flashing flag and what else show
everybody else what else you got a
frozen mug beautiful why you gotta do
see you soon bye bye bye friend I've
just got home the time is 10 minutes to
1:00 in the morning how the know has got
so late a little and bowling and then as
you saw we ended up just playing in the
amusements part that arcade part we won
that Latour I say we Chae won that toy
in the grammar machine for Holly she was
so happy anyways guys I'm going to vlog
before work so in order up there by far
I'm guessing they're both fast asleep
upstairs the most fun moments always
happen when they're not expected when
nothing's planned when you just do
something spur-of-the-moment spontaneous
and you just mess around have some fun
tonight was definitely one of those
nights I hope you've enjoyed the video
if you have give it a big ol thumbs up
if you're d go down below give it a
thumbs up subscribe if you know already
I think I'm going to be uploading a main
channel video the same day as this if I
am I will leave a link down below but
camera memories about for that going
back thank you so much for the support
you give me as I was saying I'm
uploading a main channel video the same
day you're watching this so I will leave
a link down below for that go check it
out go show some love go give it a
thumbs up good smash the thumbs I bought
it I'll catch you bright and early
tomorrow I've got a super fun day
planned tomorrow with the family I will
see you then good I am just so excited
be in your video early right I was like
surely you see me as are we doing your
mom workout
