good morning everybody good morning guys
how you doing today we I don't even know
if you can hear me
today we're in London we're kicking off
by going to Facebook headquarters for
Food Revolution day with Jamie me and
Jamie are doing some cooking together or
some life I did making smoothies I'm not
too sure I know there's a load of other
guests there as well I know Charlotte
Crosby is there but I have no idea what
to expect I woke up super early I wake
up like six live right now you have no
idea what's going on the live show is
over everybody every film tonight
because as soon as I walked in we went
straight on camera I was so late did you
get hurt I am just so excited be in your
video early right I was like shorty you
see me as oh he doing your bum workout
no no I'm not saying yeah yeah man Zoe
did it like way let's go this way the
light is be right there we go honey it's
time head yeah we did it like four days
in a row and then and then I'm like did
you bother afterwards but this is a
that's the long one there's the long one
yet as no we did it oh wow I'm like I
don't know how much I want to be doing
this I don't know how much I want to
turn Bob it's all eyes oh he can do it
when she was a turnfight Oh
so I was just thinking a getaway of just
Zoey doing it mean what else I was like
the grab it like that I've gone out you
are is Jamie yeah how did that go
I was really good do you're amazing
thank you for supporting us what Lee
sign up yeah we did cuz it's about you
guys and it's about you know it's about
getting involved and just go to Jamie's
food revolution cool uneven ink down
below and it literally takes like this
was my favorite thing as well it takes a
second to do like it's so quick to do it
you don't have to like do any stupid
login in making an account so thank you
guys Oh Cheers you've got longer I've
got a really long day but it's not gonna
be good I'm excited
look how cool these stairs are that's so
awesome
I didn't get the chance to them too much
in their guides because literally I
walked in it was like drop your bag off
grab a coffee drink the coffee as fast
you can and get on get on the live feed
so it was so much fun had such a good
time both of them there's the first time
I met Charlotte she is crazy Charlie if
you're watching you're a nutter and
she's awesome I loved us so much and
Jamie obviously is is Jamie so lovely
but um yeah so I basically finished up I
was about to jump in a car and go back
home I got the cart this morning like to
wake up like 6 o'clock this morning or
6:30 and I was about to head back home
and I thought actually because I've got
a photo shoot tomorrow it'd be good to
get a couple of bits of new clothes for
the photoshoot so I've come shopping in
London just stopped off in the Urban
Outfitters and got a couple of items not
too much and I've just rung the friend
Sam and he's going to be coming along
now
on the tube at the moment on the way and
then within we're going to go grab limit
there's a new bus stop in they've
literally got a bus up on the back of
that as you do why not just have a box
job anyways guys just do some shopping
today and then I'm going to head back to
Brighton later on Liberty probably my
favorite shop in London look at all the
beautiful flowers outside met up with
Sam everybody learned a little bit more
shopping since I forgot to vlog we went
to night and I bought some I bought some
gym clothes look at my hair literally
looks like I've been electrocuted my
plan is to work out but you guys always
this taxi on jumping this one fate yeah
Boston gym clothes to start working out
hopefully I'll start then we went have
got some sushi forgot to vlog it all and
now we're just jumping back to those
words like regent street do a bit more
shopping hey we can read to the street
put my hat one now so i don't look so
crazy Sam what you trying to persuade me
to buy and I'm for drew so I'm swimming
to get the drone from nap store that I
really really really want but I just
turned the weather Joe you just nothing
spend the money on it how think how good
you can feel not
yeah but I've got a drone already it's
just and it's really good but it's not
as good you need that you need to get
the attachments as well what do you mean
the attachment yet you can get like a 5k
camera mana o bloomin air in your fight
but then it's even more expensive that's
fine but guys I've done I dunno maybe
just don't do the attachments here we go
Apple sort fro I'm not getting it we'll
just have a look we're going to have a
look and just see what happens
phantom 4 what are we saying it's just
so big to carry back to Brighton it's
big and it's been of happiness but it's
so big happiness what have you done what
have you done my bank account my bank
account is going to cry I've just bought
the drone and Tuesday mattress Apple
very nice to get me discount I got the
drone spare blades I've only got two
batteries is there
all righty hello everybody I am back
home and I've just edited the blog
whilst on the train so it's going to go
up one time tonight in fact it is gone
oh it's already done protists processing
at the moment 15 minutes until it goes
live it's quarter to five it's time to
play with the drone now we can't play
with it straight away we can't go in
flight straight away apparently I need
to update the software on the drone then
the controller then the three batteries
that are bought I bought two extra spare
batteries and some spare propellers in
case of crash I got spare propellers and
spare batteries so that I can fly it for
longer and it doesn't run out of charge
but apparently I need to update it and
do a load of stuff to it first
so I am NOT oh limit Oh nearly dropped
it that would not have been good this is
so expensive I've wanted this drone
force you guys have know I want it for
so long I've been putting off buying it
for so long and it got to the point
where I'm going to buy it one day it's
never gonna go down in price so do I
just buy it now and use it or do I buy
it in like two or three months for the
same price and use it it's kind of open
or I'm so nervous I don't know what to
expect
look at this this looks incredible that
case is quite cause well you know it's
got like a lock oh wow
oh I haven't looked at it yet are you
ready three two well let me get
everything in shot one Oh
yo that looks so good the control the
drone I don't even know what to take out
first I don't know what what to what to
do here's the drone man is quite heavy
you know it's quite heavy
that's the drone here obviously hasn't
got two propellers on it at the moment
I'm going to have a play around with it
and sort it all out and update all the
software in the firmware and do whatever
things I need to do with it and get it
sorted and then we can take it out later
tonight and have some fun
mellow bring daddy the Spade no bring it
to Daddy then bring the speed to Daddy
ah you know come here
now that come govern the jaw retreat
oh I'll adorn the treat come with them
let's get a treat
come on let's get a treat coming then
let's get a treat come on
go ahead ya know da da da what's this
what's this
no no la ah
Oh what's this I won the doggie I won
unlucky there you can I can get these
smelly mommy oh you don't want to eat
want to stay with me oh okay you can
just stay real favourite parent if you
want
so we're cooking up dinner tonight a
little bit early we want to start trying
to eat earlier on in the evening because
sometimes we end up eating if you guys
know that like 10 o'clock at night
really not good for you so we're making
the effort tonight to start on wanna put
it in gear now to start cooking early oh
you're about to oh that's okay whoa okay
right basically I'm going to the shop to
get some food just got tons of stuff I
got some crispy classic lettuce look
salad stuff I don't even know crispy
salad some more salad stuff Organic
tender leaf salad and some baby corn I
think this is for the music shop people
don't get copyrighted I did this is for
the guinea pigs I'm not actually too
sure I think that's everything I need it
hopefully it's everything right let's
get going
here's all your salads and stuff I think
I got good ones all that looks amazing
you're being super calm today you sleepy
today update on the driving it is still
charging apparently this takes like an
hour and 20 to charge this takes at
three hours forty to charge still
sorting all out look at this dinner that
Zoe's just cooked salmon salad with
halloumi and mozzarella and quinoa rez
rather this comes a team underneath so
piece in there my gosh everyone is going
to be impressed thinking like you guys
cook something proper like proper food
this looks so good and healthy and I'm
tempted to even go to the gym tonight
I've got gym clothes on but it's just
for comfort I'm not trying to fool you
and attender have run to the gym because
I haven't absolutely smashed it we're
now watching was this garden force
ground force garden balls grandpa's it's
so old-school
the drone is going crazy I haven't got
the propellers on it so it won't be
flying anywhere and apparently it's
downloading at the moment Nala is like
what the bloomin hell is going on ah
what's happening now ah well this noise
definitely isn't annoying is er oh there
we go
oh no the drone is already to fly
tomorrow all packed up updated and
everything done if you didn't already
know which I'm guessing 99.9% of you
will because you probably all full of
Zoe and you probably follow zoella
beauty and you probably follow everybody
that's been tweeting about what this
stuff tonight Zoe's new product range
has been released like it's not for sale
yet when's it come out the third and no
online now online next week which is the
21 lie next week on the 27th stupid
dragons very unique and it goes into
super drug stores on the sins that oh
it's reminding me I need to do my second
day oh yeah and then super drug stores
like in your shops in the UK on sick
yeah and next week on the 27th on super
dragon feel unique it will be on their
website but let's show you what it is
Zoe thing that you are from this for
months and months and months monthlies
are these are the typical things that
you know and youtubers say sorry that my
videos leaked today because I'm working
on something that you can't know about
this is a prime example and trust me
products as something that takes so
bloomin I'm going to swear bloody long
it is insane you have to test them and
then you said as you know the smell is
my test there's no way this smells right
though it's too slippery no it doesn't
smell strong enough no the smell went
away too quickly
no the packaging isn't what up like
ridiculous so this is the kind of thing
that when people say what you barely
even make any videos guys prime example
right which one should we show first we
put the camera up here and should we
test them I've tested I've tested some
of them but I haven't tested all of them
on a very long I've obviously seen these
for ages as well right what why are we
going for fast
what's this product called um it's
called your breakfast milk ha
I was it good body milk no bar latte
yeah I did actually
oh crap
yes very white oh my gosh voice the
veins called
a bitch we banged on a but it's not you
tha that was ours or regional that's the
original I'm glad that when I know no no
this is sweet sensations some of that
almost sweet something guys this is
really embarrassing
yeah that's most so good yeah what the
range good sweet inspiration at the word
sweet sensation seems then no it's not
it's really not no that's not good
smells very strong yeah they're all
really John centered and watch your cap
as well look at yeah so this is the
butter righto so what is a bath not a
let me focus a blast Marte is it's a
spin on a shower milk or a bar so bubble
bath is it bubbly
yeah just like a soap super that in the
bath or you can share with it is it have
we use that cool products we use that
and I just don't know I've been using it
you haven't using baby I don't use that
one no you use tutti frutti in the
shower main yeah right what else have we
got there's a ton of products double
cream butter cream clear I have tried
this one yeah remember you put on my
arms and I don't like body cream on my
hairy arms fur on my hands the back oh
yeah that's a good bet male oh yeah
that's nice you don't need a lot of
product for this one guys
there's nice and cold so many people put
too much on and then it takes a while to
rub in you just need a little bit a
little
Longway which so many people appreciate
because some creams you end up putting
quite a lot on to collective giving me
out also if you think your Jess Alfie
you've been to the gym proud of you I
didn't end up going you know I might go
tomorrow morning but I don't if it's
going really really busy because it's a
Saturday it's not delicious yes do you
know what the smell reminds me of what I
love it so much but it also reminds me
I'll get my way my boy Nick Enola she's
literally like slapped across the sofa
did anyone have this doll and in a half
spoon and you put the spoon to his mouth
and it was like Jeremy hugger right
doesn't know a little bit like that
although it's not anything to do with
cherries I don't know I don't remember I
don't think the cherry baby smell of
cherries no pop me out this spoon will
you put it in his mouth it just reminds
me of that a little bit and I love it I
just like the package I just love this
like a level like the gold eye level
with the design and like the little
swirly bit something you know three
nineteen twenties and French patisserie
also it's very like matte like it being
like this one look at this package in
that's just bloom inside it how many
one's gonna throw it away I shouldn't
throw that away
welcome you use it but what you could do
you can easily get like if you'd use it
as a hat a little party I mean I don't
think anyone you look like a unicorn you
could use any unicorn horn there we go
you know when you make a mejor when you
put a little string to get rid of it by
one you've got a heart I've got a hat
Oh somebody's fell out guys this is what
we have to do with this after you used
it unicorn horn all the way I love it
you bring it out like serious products
and actual shops and stuff like you're
not going home
fever no alright this
can't they look about package it wait
good use my sticker no no the stickers
in there yeah
um how cute is this little bag it
reminds me of the little bags you get
what we T yes isn't it a bomb bomb no
mama they are do you say bomb bomb bomb
bomb bomb bomb
oh what's in there that's alts I
genuinely didn't know you bring that bar
soaps
good to know you listen I am up to date
no it's not really funny and all you
guys yeah sure because me and Alfie
obviously work a lot on different things
that we've both got going on and I have
a lot you're it things going on so I'm
not surprised that you can't keep up but
I watch it money
the thing with you though is I'm working
on videos like this village got tomorrow
you work on things that coming out like
years time that literally he's always
like I just finished this for like six
months is what happens now he's like oh
yeah I do recall yeah I recall that I
don't recall that conversation but I'm
like a year ago but also we work on
things quite separately that looks like
you know what was I don't like the sweet
is called like the sugary rock and
things you eat like doesn't that I'm
going to try to focus on that and if the
cameras going to focus on that doesn't
that look edible like that look mmm that
looks like you could eat it yeah don't
they need just pour a bit in your bath
yes let's bring that in your bath and
then it makes me it's not an amazing
reason and yeah we work on things quite
separately so a lot of the time we
really don't see what the other person's
done until you guys see it because
because no no Shirley schuk no we show
each other along the way but some of the
things that we work on takes so long
that by the time it comes out it's like
oh you're talking about that to me like
a month ago I've been speaking about it
and working it all day the last thing I
want to do is talk to you about it like
it's just it's finding a good balance
between work and play time oh hey my
mouth
Danaher next up I know this yes I know
this offices yeah smaller
this time hmm but big still big though
yes I love it small Asian another
provider yeah that's what I mean this is
my favorite wrapping paper like I wish
that was it I wish that let me focus it
on there for you
there you go so Edda there you go nice
and focus should endure the bit upside
down there we go oh now it's night focus
I wish that was a chocolate ball now
that could be like imagine having talked
about that big lot where do you want
that and then being like like you know
how he slides in his eye you can smell
it through the package yet hmm
that's strong aren't they do not eat do
not eat did you see what I did the other
day be weird for me to frame like all my
packaging from like all my deformity
chaos song is increased I'm sure they
could send you life and just freshly
print it
oh yeah well I once already know that
fight my own products instead of just
asking the company to send me more I am
did you do I did in my video the other
day my daily vlog when I was opening
that mystery box
they sent me a Pokemon game hmm and I
was like it's a real Pokemon game and
those are honor it's not it's a sweet
bit it was a soap ah then on the other
side it said do not eat yad already to
that so don't be fooled don't need that
oh that doesn't look like yet something
edible no to be fair is not it smells so
good though like genuinely does
obviously i'm sure you can go into the
shop and smell it once it comes out
delicious right couple more items are
worried great more yeah the fragrance
because the fragrance comes out in every
collection this one is always the
fragrances are really popular whenever i
got really big Pere always because
there's such high um fragrance level for
a mist
I think base this smells read nobody
gets mad base it smells really really I
can taste it yo but they smell really
strong for a mist yeah but they're still
good price and in a glass night or two
which makes it just feel and same a
little bit on the back yeah
this is going to take up most of my blog
my blogs are literally like trying
healthy snacks challenges newsletter
launches
also I do want them to get bored because
if they've watched my video they would
have seen all this already so many times
right now we've got things you test them
all in your video ah been fighting no I
talked about what you did you do this
though know what it says yeah it's a
like a shimmer make sure it slightly
more like turned a bit shimmery is that
right yeah oh there we go sale pay
attention I'm excited for this run for
this listen see if I bought this I
wouldn't ever use that bit I would just
get this and then just let massage my
face it's so shows up it's so soft I
just I want this little thing right so
like this mm-hmm
don't pat it no you just swirl it in the
balm get the product on there don't be
shy well aw yeah go Fred like that much
yeah really
uh-huh now put it on my arm oh you're
shimmery how good is that though but
it's not like glittery shimmery it's
like we're down on your legs on a night
out
yeah oh look at it I don't know if they
can see that they won't be able to see
or not you need like it's like that sort
of like camera's gonna draw my arms
forearms a bit too hair I wish that you
can put this on your face like this
would be like throwing a GPS that are
you actually putting on her cheek wait
what
let me say oh my god it's a beautiful
highlight yeah you see yeah it
definitely shows them the shimmery no
it's very subtle guys but it's really
opening but yeah it's not maybe don't
put it on your face but I was just
showing you the effect you see my
cheekbones gonna have a shows up
I just frickin love it well on my
shoulder I love a boy with a sparkly
shoulder making this on holiday so I can
yeah but not one for me yeah VA let me
just have it long I keep so much for my
G let me just put next item
teabag two more two more items left
we've got the life is sweet little bag
like this one because I love how it like
dents in D bossed D boss that's the
right word and the opener yeah I'm gonna
have to pull the label off that's okay
that sure don't need and they can look
like strictly which you can use as a
clutch bag mother school or a makeup bag
so you well that's quite cool can unzip
it I can imagine my mum using that yeah
you can completely fit all like this
fancy little D boss on the other side it
kind of reminds me a bit of like quite
like Brighton e Beach hop vibe yeah with
my back there yeah it looks very like
beach hottie like the material as well
this was your favorite pop your diaper
test with this and it has magnets each
side so it stays down sleeping like this
and it locks but I can imagine girls
bringing out on a night out it's perfect
you know what it would be good for and
you can wipe the key will be beverages
yeah but also this you go out cute your
handbag but you got heels on yeah you
got tiny little flats hidden here for
when you're clubbing Samba see once you
start dancing you don't do any hills
anymore you want to be waiting sneaky
little walking home so you're waving
your heels you at your flats in here and
all your makeup and everything like that
or win the club fit you a bit akin how
am I gonna fit my heels in my bag now I
can I don't know like three feet maybe
but but an average gal pop sales off put
them in there and just leaves it to open
not like art but now they're here must
fit in there because it's bigger I'm
just really glad Alfie doesn't work in
marketing cuz I'm not sure that's a
great volume point I'm not sure this
back of it you make up in your flats and
you he really and what our we go oh my
god if you use it to store your hair if
you buy this having it this is just a
Mary if you buy this if your umbrella in
there
serious if you buy it you know but your
hair
petia was in that my name would actually
on an eye out what this factor yeah she
Baldy
she did say she wants the new stuff
didn't you yeah she did it um yeah if
you buy this bag tweet me is only a
picture of you putting your heroes in oh
I'm sayin
you have to do it alright yeah I do it J
um that's it nice say this one and I'm
not done one like this before I've done
ones that are similar with a bit more
kind of space that this is a bit more
flat okay Oh put that bit off and this
one's a little bit more flat but this is
so good for coins yeah
key receipt card receipt keep your
receipt lady things pads tampons all the
little bits that fly around in the
bottom of your bag this is condoms stay
safe stay safe kids ha
life is sweet boy and you've got condoms
in their biggest gender you could be a
cinema ticket your peer vouchers you
look like you know your peercoins could
you want pay with cash on the pier can
you I can Calkins know but in all
seriousness like hair grips and like
that cuz hair grips just get lost in
your bag good birch ink in your
concealer in there yeah it's perfect
your notes you know sometimes you don't
want to take your big purse so you can
put all your might always have that
issue I just oh oh you got your friends
for a sleepover you want to take this
little bit big break off a few squares
pop in the air or squeeze up your flats
your flats in there have your heels in
here
no Alfie guys this is why alpha doesn't
isn't a marketing goal should so I'm not
sure if I was in charge of run a beauty
I would have the main pitch outside
super drug a girl holding that over here
was poking out sell million literally
sold out in a day anyway
I hope you have enjoyed the zoella
beauty haul Sweet Inspirations giant
your color for 20 minutes nearly we need
to shut up good solo yeah without a
pause for like 45 minutes
I'm sweating why because you're wearing
like a bitch Chili's hottest thing in
the world would you accept my join
excited gadget lpos day started because
I want you to be excited for her I'm
really excited for it amazing I am I am
Knightley my other one and you liked it
yeah and I was free and I love your
boosted board
I love all your gadgets I love your
highlight but I know the camera battery
is about to run out no the camera memory
guys if you enjoyed the video
what's your favorite product oh my gosh
I delete you my camera back you had to
go there we go everybody
okay it did run out of memory comment
down below your favorite product I
what's your favorite item cool object
why'd you use it to your one no because
I love all of them their mind favorite
community hanging I'm genuinely not
object design favorite smell favorite
what I would actually use the most
favorite probably favorite it was nice
name
well that doesn't snow does it yeah it
smells like that lovely anyways if
you've enjoyed the video is your
favorite give it a big old thumbs up if
you look at you you don't ridiculous if
you've enjoyed the video guys know that
that one wasn't my favorite so I don't
think I'd use that one maybe this one
body cream or maybe the bath soak or
maybe okay maybe the little lip is maybe
the sugar dip right the things that I'm
going to use seriously like obviously
I'm not going to use that I'm not going
to use that and I won't you search you
bag store everything else I could use
yeah why could use these if I want it
but I think of what are the bags anyways
thank you so much watching subscribe if
you're not ready I'll catch you tomorrow
morning what we doing to my aren't got a
photo shoot tomorrow
I've got a photo shoot I'm not going to
find the drone should be excited for
that let me know the comments please
anything lucky very much good bye
good night good night good night good
night now that I do
I really sit back down to do love you
study up
