that I get I really sit back down and do
like you're standing up good morning
guys good morning
how you doing everyone is staring at me
hope you having a lovely day we are off
to London today
coffee's got a meeting and I'm just what
do you mean sighs everyone stares I love
that we're walking to the front of the
train this is my top tip my top tip for
life is do more makes you happy tip
number two walk to the front of the trip
no tip number two is actually always
take the stairs because they need to
know always take the stairs that's I
don't take the stairs always that's tip
number two well not obviously if there's
a lift if there's an escalator then I
take the stairs instead because it's
quicker yeah I don't want to walk out
like six flights of stairs I'm talking
like twenties anyway that's tip number
two tip number three it's walk to the
front know what you tight you got it but
that's that little wagon there look
that's a little manner that's not hot
you know the train doors closing we
still got five minutes so walk into the
front of the Train do you know why you
walk to the front we have the wife is
good yeah then you're at the front when
you get off obviously it has to be the
last destination because if you're going
somewhere like in the middle stop you
don't want to be at the front because
then that's not near the exit the middle
stuff I'm confusing you guys anyways I
hope you having a lovely day it's not a
lovely day here although the weather it
feels very nice like it's still very
nice and warm but it's not not very
funny today
though we go right to the front I sit
the front seat next to the driver
I open the driver's door and sit next to
him sometimes I Drive the Train with
them or huh okay this will have to do
we're very close
always take the stairs papi always take
the stairs
look how late sushi is there it is
look at this so much quicker look at
that been waiting for you for like 12
minutes in a hangar believe it or not we
got to London two hours before our first
meeting and the weather like we wanted
to hang out do something my eyes being
weird
ah we wanted to hang out do something
fun kind of isn't gonna happen like the
rain is so intense outside that we
definitely cannot walk around today
what's the plan we're just gonna have to
like go find a cafe or something
this is why I'm never early to meet
James but it's not funny is that this is
why you don't get early to meetings guys
you be exactly on time exactly on time
whoa there's like a swimming pool
outside that's all right yeah thanks so
much
oh but my nap
Thank You sever eating thanks so much
this is not a nice London we've come
into my dream shop families which is
basically just gadgets and toys
I look instantly they've got the math
guns that we just bought the other day
this is amazing oh my gosh
we're back at Brighton station I'll
explain why it's like 10 million hours
later in a minute I'm about quite sorry
some flowers I'm feeling either these
ones here or these big ones up there you
don't think so do you okay why just not
some light are they're cute look at
those dark purple ones whichever ones
are like papi says you won't like them
once okay you get her then ones
I'll get her another bunch we'll see
which one she likes more I'm not going
to get an expensive one should we go for
that way
oh my you're so annoying right you get
them one two no you get them I'm going
to get another one papi is now just
choosing up the whole bunch these are
literally not for me these are just from
you now it started off with me getting a
bunch of Zoey it's my idea and now look
what's happened
let's see how the flowers are getting on
our they look amazing thank you so much
weh-weh running off to with my flowers
then my flowers to Zoe
look how good they look we mixed up I
said the white ones Zoe said probably so
the pink ones there's half my input and
no it's half my input and half you want
to show everybody then it's my idea you
just made it happen
hey how you doing of course you can
how's your day been
always good I'll never give in yeah
never might not plenty big good good
good B thank you use a practice I love
when you get to my and if you can do it
at my age you're very lucky
yeah I'm 53 and I'm wiped out I'll wiped
out what life is now we're gettin at my
age if you've got more than three
friends you're extremely lucky I've got
two are called true friends proper
proper proper friends people that would
die for you dharma astral heart mate you
know rule phrase I've got to that's all
got it ma LAN
real friends and 20 frames right but I
wouldn't have any work like anyway live
up and walk about with a mili second
anyway I never went to school but I will
know within a millisecond if someone's
good or bad guess what though guys what
I linked to the sequence all right yeah
I'm bringing up my own TV programme it's
coming out on YouTube beyond without a
deal is coming oh my was made it's gonna
be cold you ready for it yeah go right
get up so you to get here wait once we
pull over
oh no jumper Michael make your mind up
no I know that no one single colleague
enough once we arrive err what you want
a martyr once we arrive at the house
I'll show you something as well our life
is gonna be fine
look so over the back there is it that's
my girlfriend let me out that's why I'm
filming now I'm filming you now oh yeah
oh god why you saying is that her in the
back no it's my sister my Castro again
now me my girlfriend obviously I'd love
to me I god bless her don't give luck to
her although so much about her this girl
but when I do my TV program that's what
my dream is to get this up running and
what we do we call it the cosmopolitan
cab driver yeah
I'm interacting with customer hopefully
looking in case oh just on YouTube oh
yeah I look at metal and that's it we're
up and running and I'll promise you now
we've been 10 minutes I'll go viral I
think it'll be great no it won't may be
brilliant
Thank You Raphael I'll help I'll help
you make at would you mind
yeah put your toilet yeah I'm um y'all
might know what these are for me made by
me nah they're from me we've got the
whole family together guys they're all
look at them both why you did so on
adventurous oh hey boys hey boys
oh you're climbing on each other you
need to get like a macro shot of them
eating with their mouths it's like the
cutest thing
let me see your mouth why are we any
better man huh you're not that you are
you you're a little buggy should we get
you a white puck sister ha I love your
little jumper today though he's bought a
bar everybody I kind of don't really
know why just good I think it looks
really really cool not my gin and tonics
and stuff on that why Shawn pop mister
she knows not here tonight everybody he
is out for dinner for his brother's
birthday Nona was daddy gone this is how
you win over a pug everybody give it
treats don't you if you give you treats
you just love it so much should we give
you another one gimme a big photo shoot
going down I think they're probably
quite blares Percy likes his tummy being
rubbed oh you're so cute look Eola click
la jolla look at that oh he's so cute
look at his little legs look at that
hand she was how are you so fat you eat
all the food I think you do
we think he steals all the food off of
Pippin so pipping gets a lot less
you probably 2/3 and pippin each 1/3
dinner dinner dinner Poppy's already
finished her dinner and I was just
arrived I've got a miso soup edamame and
then I've got a katsu curry but not
chicken I went for the vegetable one
Zoe's you presented your so well how
have you managed to do that this here is
the best ice lolly in the entire world
okay so for this segment of the video
I've realized that I would feel much
today we just finished dinner and ice
creams and we are basically going to
play we're gonna do a little teaser
we're gonna have one go each or missing
Shawn which is a shame and we're gonna
play well let him out the shed soon
though right but what's the game we're
playing the guest in the hand challenge
guessing that whose hand is bear oh I
think I was in a hand
what's in your hand what's in your hand
challenge yeah I don't know anymore guys
Matt the loop if you don't know what
this game is I'm gonna close my eyes or
get blindfolded or whatever I put my
hands out they're gonna put something in
my hands and I have to guess what that
item is without looking and it's that
simple it is that simple
in any done two more minutes
what are you doing baking a cake join me
to sit in the middle promise you - are
you sure you two can refer okay okay
just remember yeah if it's bad you're
gonna get you back okay I'm so scared
but I really don't like this I feel like
you're gonna like splat me in the face
through something instead yeah remember
I've just got a new t-shirt on yeah you
sat next to me if you put on I the
guinea pigs fine actually put your eyes
closed like serious they are I'm holding
nice
it's really it's really light you might
not be able to feel it mercy if you put
a bloomin spider from another down so
yeah just go get one oh my god I'll
become dark there's going to be a spider
in a cup or something honestly I don't
like this I'll kind of follow this guy I
don't like this spider I'm gonna freak
like that's not funny close your eyes
say the guy that's not funny if there's
a spider
hey close Rison or some kind of mini
beast there's not promise me this won't
do you no no no do you know whoa not the
game oh I don't know I don't like
spiders shit fine
I'll put it on okay I'll do I'll do that
I don't like it I really sit back down
to do love you standing up like this
okay are you gonna do it or not okay I
thought why flinching oh come here now
Tommy no no don't go on her oh my gosh
why you like parsnip between you boys
it's sloppy just pick your hair it's not
something I don't like
wait for me
no my dear say no guys a spider grace
nothing its owner
that's a fucking sandpaper are you
feeling I get that way from readout get
that away from me now
yes I could do some there was something
in that there was something in there the
tall no I can see it
okay go oh okay
I don't mind those fighters another one
no you don't get another job six we kind
of need us in half let me hold him
alright okay okay now I'm gonna go and
get in the room I just don't like daddy
longlegs okay the spider is officially
out the window
nobody drink out this glass right I
think I've hit record you have okay I'm
just going to show you the camera feel
like you guys are a lot more calm about
this one
papi come sit down no escaping get off
my dog and why are you gonna drive me
home tonight
yeah as long as I'm not like covered in
nut teller or something I want you can
put a finger out just one finger okay
could you just I'm just gonna poke
you're gonna feel a strange sensation
okay just don't worry
yeah oh hey that is cold
can I smell it No weather is so cold
where's that honest you don't know what
that is
really let me feel again avocado no I
can smell a bit smarter no sorry not a
baccardo nice merzlikin tomato now
where's me paradise
wait anticipation is when you get that
firstly why is that like boy haha
you're not going to electrocute me are
you sparing my life
I'm not promise you I'm not gonna swear
on my life around your life all right
you're blowing on my hand what is it a
feather feather my poppies blowing on my
hand Wow no I'm not
can I like hold that oh we're done can
you just put it fully in my hands like
on what ever move hit me carefully
carefully so you don't put it why okay
just move gently then is it my guinea
pig
be gentle I'd be really surprised if you
managed to get in gaming oh gentle be
gentle I don't know why don't you get
this side a guinea pig a guinea pig
you're the guinea pigs
I like ba funny right your dad get yours
fully closed keep your eyes closed I
know what you're like you're gonna open
them a really I don't know what you're
like wow
put your hands out you have to keep them
really flat okay ah don't drop it ah
right just touch the touch if John's on
my bet just the company's you like your
foot scrub listen if you offer - ah -
let pop you like touch the touch the
whole thing's shaken
Gento be really gentle don't put it all
over me no one else had messy slaw don't
be your hands on yes that that you hold
at fifteen you like how it s me try and
take me harder try yeah just lick away
I'm not gay yeah that's all edible
hey I'm not giving you that thumb now
don't toy it's not a doctor that's a dog
chew that in your eyes faced guys
grammar oh geez your hands are gonna
smell so Fisher
oh right hope you enjoyed the little
segment guys if you did give it a thumbs
up I wanna shoot a full main Channel
video of me Zoe poppy and Sean all
playing it properly with like
pre-planned ideas you guys are going to
never guess what is in those three boxes
in fact I know what leave a comment down
below now guessing what you think is in
those boxes and I'm going to show you
tomorrow it's blooming exciting that's
what I'm saying I'm going to end my vlog
now everybody before I do might even get
into bed if it were braces in I'm having
I did a poll on Twitter I'm having a
really interesting chatter I tweeted
saying what you tweet saying zoella you
tell everybody said I wish we had dual
air conditioning for two parts of the
bedroom with Alfie like sleeping in the
freezing cold and I like it woman very
true I just have my car temperature
really cold I put it hot when I first
got in and then it was like a sauna in a
pond yeah we could see what everyone
else thought what hot or cold yeah well
everyone's gonna say well may I had hard
you you can't say room temperature /
warm I would happily sleep in room
temperature in your room attempt before
we break up we have an argument before
we break up on camera I put room
temperatures with warmest we have I
could split heated bed it sounds it not
the back to bed
it's like a thing that goes underneath
the duvet and then we have these little
controls I don't if you've ever that's a
TV remote this little thing here look I
don't even know how mine is plugged in
and then you can choose a temperature
from one to six and how long you want it
to turn on for I never ever have that
thing on I never want the bed hot unless
it's like middle of the winter
then I might have it on to give me a
little bit warm Zoey has it unlike 6:00
don't you yeah which is like the hottest
you can get on that on the heat then so
I don't think that's room temperature if
you've got it on six out of six look how
close is room temperature fifty-one
freeze freezing cold forty-nine so
interesting isn't it especially if you
spot of inches it's literally every
other person is saying more then
somebody's you like to sleep in a cold
what like they're so much don't but then
some someone an inventor person who's
watching this video if you are or if you
want to be an inventor person who the
hell likes to sleep in freezing cold
then um you've got a great something to
solve right now if you like solving
problems solve the problem of one
partner like in sleeping the cold and
one button like I'm asleep in the hot
because when Zoey turns I heat your side
of the bedroom this is such a first
robot is like ridiculous I know this is
the most ridiculous issue to have in
it's not an actual issue but I'm just
saying it because we're talking about
the topic now and when Zoey puts her
heated bed on obviously it gets
incredibly hot but that doesn't just
heat a person I to the bed that a little
bit it's not mine as well if my legs go
over then heats up mine however I can't
make my bed colder when he didn't buy in
they invent in they invent not invade we
did invent some kind of like this
lighting is so bad in this video I'm
sorry
some kind of cold bed device I think
it's just called a fan I need to get my
fan happy to freezer a frozen water bed
that would be very comfortable half in
half one leg in the duvet was laid out
that's how I literally sleep or the
other night it was so hot in here I
slept on top of the duvet in my boxers
nothing else on top of that I was new in
anyways I'm gonna end my vlog guys this
has gone into a random turn of event
I should probably explain why the blog
was so all over the place today
basically popping I went to London for
meetings I thought we were going to have
a fun time in London however it was just
raining the entire time so we didn't
really end up managing to do anything
walls ruin London because the weather
was so poor so we just sat in a cafe
most of the time which would have been
fun to film then we went to all our
meetings and then it was time to come
home in the evening so it was the worst
bit there but I hope you enjoyed the
vlog nevertheless hope you enjoyed the
little challenge bit if you do want me
to do that my main channel let me know
what giving a thumbs up and everything
like that I'm speaking so fast subscribe
if you haven't already that would be
awesome let's see how many subscribers
we can get tomorrow and what else my god
to promote my March go check out my
merchant ha I dragged right I'll see you
tomorrow guys good
