no does anyone want their breakfast
coming them outside gone
good girl where's your breakfast it's
not there where is it that's daddy
hidden it should we go and find it in
your pen is that your breakfast
what a minute come to calm down yow oh
my gosh we've got both of them so number
one we've got a small black little
tripod like the same as the pink one
that I use but this one just matches my
camera way better and number two is a
bigger version that can go even bigger
like Scott extendable legs and stuff
oh good morning guys
how does it feel to be back in the
office today I am so excited to be back
here it's bloom it hot it is like a
greenhouse in here I am boiling I've
done it why didn't I Drive any shorts
here I feel like I've got some shorts
here somewhere hopefully because if not
I'm just going to take my chances off
t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt
t-shirt crap identity shorts okay if you
catch me in my boxers today
don't screenshot it and tweet it going
everywhere
I'm warning you in advance I'm gonna be
vlogging most of today just in my
underwear on my t-shirt because it is
hot it is hot in there how are you guys
doing I hope you're having a lovely that
I enjoyed yesterday's vlog I just
finished editing uploading it at home
and it was awesome like so much fun last
night dinner with Max and Nev from
catfish it was awesome yeah it's just so
good it's fun getting to meet those guys
and hang out but I'm glad to be back
here today we're gonna take the day a
little bit more slowly it's lovely
weather however I'm gonna try and stay
in my office for most of like the day
maybe until like 5:00 p.m. kind of time
and work on some gaming videos because I
know my gaming channel has completely
slack recently I haven't been in my
office since before I went to Orlando so
that was before Prague before New York
Orlando which means that I can't film
gaming videos because all my gaming
stuff is set up here but don't worry
guys now I'm back I'm not gonna be
traveling for the next like 7 weeks or
so I'm gonna really try and stay in
Brighton and London and just have a ton
of fun with you guys in the vlogs and my
family and my friends and try and get
back into coming here most days because
I love it the ice it's right next to the
beach as well so I've got my booster
board today so they're like a booster
board along the beach for a break
between filming videos and stuff loads
got exams this week apparently tons of
you maybe GCSE exams so if you've got
your exams coming up or you've had them
good luck I hope they go amazing the
best you can do is just try your best
put the revision in work blooming hard
guys and once they're over out of the
way then you can separate them you can
part it why is it as humans on send
humans that's a very big generalization
as an individual whenever I see somebody
with something that I don't have I
immediately want it like what is it
about that because just now I went into
a coffee shop just to go get some lunch
I grabbed the sandwich and I got a
coffee and the coffee that I wanted the
drink that I wanted should I say was a
prat white I got that I was super happy
that I could see the woman making it it
looked absolutely delicious she even
went to put like a fancy little heart on
the top of it I was like that's it this
is gonna be the best drink of my life as
I turn to walk out the cafe I saw a
woman to my left smiling like you can
never believe like literally it was like
ear to ear smiling drinking the best
looking hot chocolate I've ever seen in
my life right lychee like chocolate
sprinkles all on the top it looked
amazing I had the full works actually
didn't have marshmallows but had
everything else like chocolate chocolate
chocolate chocolate hot chocolate it
looked amazing I really wanted a flat
white but now I've seen how much
enjoyment that woman was getting from a
hot chocolate I kind of want a hot choc
now they really want my coffee anymore
why why is that a thing I wanted this
chocolate I wanted this coffee so bad
and now I don't know what Rockler I may
or may not have just finished eating my
lunch and I'm about to go out for
another one but it's because there's
only hope you just called me they were
just getting their eyebrows plucked or
something I don't even know and they've
just called me saying come after lunch
of us we just found the corner so let's
go for a second month Zoey's got some
crazy exciting news to tell you guys
it's nothing to do I mean it's a little
bit of something to do with me but it's
mainly to do with Zoey blame Zoey not me
although do blame me I don't know I just
met a white four month old little boy
white oh hey how you doing hey
of course you're gone yeah yeah I know
we can all tell each other that's also
okay now going tomorrow guys says oh
he's just bumped into a white pug like
not born not yellow white and she got
the breeders details and we're going to
get one we are we are we don't we're
going to get a white form pugs no it's
white pod and you didn't meet it cuz I
would have bought it
good bye babe over bye they've already
gone that was a quick stop off I didn't
end up grabbing any food they went to
prep which is where I went this morning
to grab my like breakfast slash lunch my
breakfast basically at like 12 o'clock
hey I did you get I don't smoke straight
man all my gaming videos to film for
today just as a blob Zelezny all right
just made it to the beach everybody
check out this I mean it's a little bit
cloudy the Brighton Beach is just bloody
awesome
so I'm meeting Zoey poppy and Shaun then
we pick up this just while across the
road
I'm meeting Zoey poppy and Shaun at a
restaurant at the top of this massive
road by boosted board however is about
to run out of charge any second
the last thing I'll have to do is walk
up this hill no I mean
looks like I'm going to be joining her
I'm really hoping that the others did
not walk here cuz I'm not gonna go to
walk home yo my camera battery also just
decided to die on me hopefully this one
has charged Oh
literally skateboarding not booster
boarding anymore skateboarding on a
longboard I resorted to holding the
board then walk in I can officially see
where we're going for dinner I'm already
here I'm sitting down waiting
yeah thank you bro might completely run
out a charge yeah yeah you'll have to
hold my hand and pull me along man look
at the size of these nachos oh my your
garlic bread yeah that's only a side as
well know that crispy bet
thank you so much thank you
Marmite fries oh my god try that they
are so good oh that's so good
Marmite fries what for some reason they
have given us free shots of lemon jello
I really don't like lemon jello gonna be
honest but I feel bad if I don't do that
a legend would drop that straight in the
point and the downer
go on go Fisher the legend would Jones
already done the other two because the
girls didn't want any going drunk Vista
bored guys check out this it just
prompted to either who's got my notepad
thanks for the support guys thank you
for watching the videos Sean doesn't
realize that gave him the booster ball
but no power on it
his has no power and I've got if you
haven't been here before it is called
the dike Road tavern is it the dike Road
tavern oh it's cool just the Dyke pub
and kitchen it is amazing that was first
time a bin and I have to say that's
probably the one of the best
presentation of food I've ever seen and
they're so fun in awesome for some
reason my board has got power again I
don't know how I'm not going to question
it I'm just going to enjoy the ride we
watch him no no come here
knowledge one a sister John a sister
who's in my car with me are you coming
in my cup up am i dropping you home how
scared are you on a scale of one Sean no
are you going to bed have you got a dog
where you going you come with me in the
car or you go move mummy to bed she
doesn't know what's going on I can't go
on don't see mummy I came fine it's good
with the lights are on she's confused
Gerty mummy done it upstairs I'm so
fancy your word right get into Alfonso's
car is ready for the Oh their life
okay drop them off now I'm back home all
right let's go get into bed I'm gonna
get my vlog now Zoe Anana bath to sleep
extraordinary super quick and super
quiet I hope you enjoyed today's video
if you have give it a big ol thumbs up
subscribe down below
show the video some love I'll leave a
link down below as well my merchandise
if you want to go check it out and I'll
catch you tomorrow I'm getting up soon
tomorrow and then till Underwood poppy
for some fun you guys will see what
we're up to
I'll see you tomorrow good oh there's
feedback I gotta be quick a guide to the
12 one minute I was about to do a second
take with my best dealer Jackson
