oh there's Zach I got to be quick Oh
hold on a second I was gonna do a
secondary I go to the 12
one minute I was about to do a second
take with my best English accent good
morning guys good morning good morning
good morning my voice sounds like this
cuz I'm still asleep kind of kind of a
way Oh time to get up and maybe make
back on what's gonna save me today
productive better still but I think I'm
still asleep here all right guys we've
had a busy morning of editing and
getting the daily vlog done so that we
can have a super fun
busy day we're kicking it off with
that's weird
there we go with some rock climbing
right we're gonna go drive this cars
like a stronger I need to get the aircon
on but he's got picture on up and we're
gonna rock climbing oh I'm a screen to
come up now you can't see me poppy and
Shawn are the worst arms are in the
phone Metra pic and Shawn up and then
literally no answering hello hello
she's gonna have to drive there anyway
we've arrived in it's time to get get my
call screws up get my little shoes ease
I couldn't find my tote bag there's
probably good things to make you look so
keen and professional and definitely not
so got my shoes got my pink tripod your
pink tripod what colors you love your
pink trifle insurance joyful match disc
analyst so much better than mine he's
got a black tripod I've got a pink one I
like the pink it's just as much as the
camera better job ring a hat all in my
hair's quite it's quite solid to put a
lot of hairspray in it bouffant II what
is that everything everything ready got
a waters let you know let's do this here
we go here we go a joking me you're
joking
it opens it to as if we just come all
the way we came in so early no it's so
good they thought oh my gosh you've done
this this is a loophole as you seen guys
we've got a little dilemma
it doesn't actually open until 2 o'clock
what is that one about is 10 minutes to
one at the moment
we can't just sit here in this like
builders car park when obvious they have
for an hour and 10 minutes yeah um I've
got to go to London today we'll have to
postpone it my friend
next time we're gonna giggle it up my
shoes I even I'm a bloomin shoes bottles
of water everything even got a little
stand I'm holding under the little pink
stand under my camera so I can balance
my camera while some climbing even took
off all my jewelry what we gonna do I
don't know
let's go to suppose R Us and buy
Scrabble Scrabble we can play Scrabble
here lastly way oh we've only gone and
done it haven't we I can't even see
anything the Sun is blinding me
we've come to Toys R Us everybody is our
only options the only thing that's like
fairly nearby that we have enough time
to do because we're also wearing shorts
on my outfit is so ridiculous because I
thought I'd go rock climbing but I don't
really wanna you know we should have
done
50 minutes over there you know we should
have done going to get that drone from
the Apple store my god hey welcome to
Toys R Us why I do kind of wonderful are
we speaking just about how we done a
basketball we can buy a basketball nerf
rivals that looks savage shooting
plastic balls at each other that doesn't
look good
should we get some think of us shooting
Zoe and poppy with them that's that the
machine gun oh my gosh
these look amazing here we go we've got
a little trolley with our goods in it
the amount of money when I was younger I
used to spend on pokemon cards was in
sane right we need to go shoot Poppins
re haha why did we just buy these oh my
gosh it's gonna be fun there they're
gonna be good
thank you so much oh yeah thank you as
you guys saw we kind of ended up just
having to Nando's which is not a draw
the plan we wanted a coffee I was on
Nando's does coffee provide next to
Nando's because it's next to Twitter at
this rows of us there is Nando's over
there some I can't see very well and and
we ended up just getting a full meal in
Nando's just come back to the car and
look how bad like look how dirty it is
because also there's not poo on it
thanks birdy
there's am because our house was all
cleaned with white on our house was all
clean was Nets all come off onto my car
damn I need to get this guy cleaned I
don't think I've actually named my car
yet I don't think I've given it a name
or even a gender Puffy's i just said he
yet poppy is called her car when I know
like half that than shot gas it called
it Gerty
I think it's good but isn't it a boy
called Gerty maybe yeah was it not that
truth
I took either way boy not good car name
I don't know yes she's called her car
something very strange somebody told us
she has to call it the first word that
comes in to a head guy she was like
Gerty
oh no now called it Gerty anyways my
buddy got with you born and
learn yeah can you guys comment down
below now a name for my car because I
haven't named him or her is it him
it's I feel like it to him is to him
this is a him I feel like it's a him but
I want a her car do you yeah what does
he know we are I want two female cop I
feel this car the name that feel it got
it is a boy isn't it I'll count down and
then fast no not me I want these guys oh
the company for they can agree with you
no come up with these guys need to come
up with one and then we'll go through
the comments in like another video boys
a bullet yeah um yeah you guys
hey that is it shewn I've not had that
in years anyways guys we're about to
drive back home I need to drop you back
that would be nice yeah leave a comment
down below suggest in the name of this
car I had a sick time rock climbing me
what climbing was so good my hand like
so bad so many calluses I'm trying to
open the door like 10 times then
realizing it was actually locked and
closed then I'm day night
hopefully tomorrow hopefully tomorrow
maybe tomorrow if it's open
well why don't we check what time
checking if oh now what time opens
tomorrow if not then we'll go get a
coffee and then and then nanos never buy
some nerf guns
so he's feeding the boys I'm trying to
get them to come out come on ladies
literally got a center party are we
gonna trim your nails in a minute yeah
we gonna tear your nails boys yeah
alright you can help I was trying to see
if they would ever come out the cage but
they never put some here that's made
like a little little line yeah but no
person quite shy merci
let's trick them into coming out well
alright let's do this let's do this and
he's not there anyway now just now let's
walk away hey Wayne
there's so funny aren't they they're so
tiny I remember when we used to think
they were massive and they're actually
tiny or compared to Nala anyway they're
so skinny like they're all just fluff
they look big guys I really put them up
might buy my hair cuz they do they look
really big but it's all just fluff like
they're so skinny
yet they eat so much as well look at you
they got quite follow tummies actually
look at your hair due to that I love his
look at your hair why are you pretending
to be dead could you get some of this
finish so he eats it look us still there
look in his fringe can you see it in the
camera we're gonna quickly trim both
their nails then I need to order a taxi
to the station jump or do you think it's
cheaper to drive to the station to park
in their car park or get a taxi but then
it won't be cheap or like a boosted
board
look at this no it doesn't know what to
do
neither what's happening come here
Pippin look a null is so confused if it
just wants to get in the cage oh let's
open this back and see if he'll goes
back inside
there you go Pippin oh look
Mercy's coming down soon hello Percy's
like what the bloody hell is going on I
did get out there or look at them Hey I
might get Percy out and see if he walks
wrong
look at these two hanging out you make
him friends Anna look your brother she's
bored on you you bored of your brother
look at him where's my doggy
where is she hello hello you sunbathe
n-no you laying in the Sun with mommy
see you later little one bye bye
see you later tonight bye bye just
heading to London now to meet a friend
Oh
today has been full on today has been so
miss Matt oh how do I get into there
this is going to be the busiest train in
the entire world
finding off the train that was blooming
long one
although find them so funny tell you I
tell you in the set so I thought I was
in good man this is so busy in here I
thought I was incredibly late everybody
I was like text my friend like I'm going
to get there at 7 o'clock I'm so sorry
running really really late ends up I'm
not my phone
well one of my phones one that I was
texting my friend on was still left in
Prague time which is an hour behind the
UK so I thought it was six o'clock Hey
but actually his five o'clock so I've
been texting him telling I'm going to
meet him at 7:00 and I'm not like ah
thank you so much man have a nice day
all right so Alfie just went to the
bathroom and he left his camera on the
table this is my first appearance in
Albie's vlog you might recognize me my
name is Nev I make a show called catfish
I don't know I don't know how I feel
about this guy and he's very charming
seems pretty cool
feeling I'm out I think I like I think I
mean I know you guys like him obviously
you watch this vlog every day I'm just
meeting for the first time but he's
definitely cute
you got it man
I don't know
it'll be interesting to see
what what comes of it
anyway it's a beautiful day here in
London
and it was like sunny look at this look
at his weather you see this like blue
skies blue skies
see what else what else should I say oh
there's he's back I gotta be quick
oh hold on a second I was gonna do a
second I go to the toilet
one minute I was about to do a second
take with my best English accent but I
don't think I've got too bad it's not
bad that's right yeah you enjoy okay so
I guess it was a number one
I was hoping for number two oh that
would have given me more time
no it's just a quick number one that was
good did you wash your hands
that smells good nobody smells with the
nuts though hopefully not you're not
again the olives the olives
mostly we just joke there's a big
embarrassed order to drink that had more
olives than alcohol
no it's a martini but I like the I had
like 17 olives in your martini well they
brought me with - yeah so you should be
serious and then on the second round I
said some extra olives and they are
before and yeah okay it fills up a lot
of the glass yeah but I like the idea of
wool sweet hugs that would give me no
out all right Zach yeah sure well thank
you like a drop of liquid alcohol yeah
this is always telling you about
everybody look at this drink Cheers
oh is that good just taste of olives
okay Alfie uses this camera it's a lot
like your camp I like it but it's nicer
than your it's nicer but it but it's
less portable do you think you
pocket-friendly you could you use this
you could get your hands on that first I
good let's say let's say the clock can
fit into this that's pretty good does it
is it distinctly max escapes its
girthier good girthier it's it's bigger
age I would be harder to fit in my
pocket
yeah that's my I mean like rejoined the
G knowing that maybe that's the new one
that we had yeah I do like the kind of
gray gray man here I mean like what's on
that it does it does it looks like you
yeah girls guys we're Sal
how do we how do we show people that
they know every time I feel myself ready
whenever I say I look up we've
everyone's like what's this from the top
you've got a head you access hair there
yeah this matches new camera if we look
at this look to tell us I like my all
max just got me this t-shirt it's really
sweet because if you didn't know having
a baby but but my girlfriend's have a
good kid we're having a big sorry we're
pregnant
we're having a baby raw meat spray
anyway I'm going to be a dad so now I
can wear this shirt thank you thank you
I didn't get it for you just thank God I
did not get it for you
I'm telling the truth the truth is that
the DP of our show john de tar CEO who
has a very intimate relationship with
need Sacher he's embarrassed it was max
Marisa hi oh this is John and John
bought me the shirt he tried to me try
to say I bought it well I for the
purposes of law and that because you're
way classier more interesting shirt I
think it's great
is it uneven this
then you want to roll me up okay roll me
up let it go okay we do that now you're
cool
me Alfie special scare ago now I'm cool
it was already quite fitting see see you
later man that's how we do it here right
nice and posh just like a slow like
that's like the coin
thank you so much have a lovely evening
thank you feel like I've got a ton of
explaining to do because I didn't really
vlog too much of this evening because I
wanted to just hang out and enjoy the
evening
with Viva Max so if you didn't gather
from other filming that went on I
basically went for dinner tonight the
first time ever met them they were over
in the UK and I wanted to meet up with
neva max with a message and each other
on for a while on like texting and DM
each other on Twitter and stuff and we
tried to meet up in New York but it just
didn't end up happening we were all too
busy and busy and free at different
times so we had it planned today to meet
up we were going to meet this evening
for dinner and then we weren't going to
do it and then we were and then I was at
write coming to London it's happening
guys so we all met up and we all been
away for you're on which can hear and we
went for dinner up members
although knows the next winter Brighton
is Pat from the debris don't even know
platform I run at the moment guessing
it's not three of us who would have said
this one
you're making passengers
ah come on second time lucky put in the
wrong ticket before there we go who's
parking me who's barking up we'll be
gone
NOLA I'm over here where have you gone
you get a drink baby hey you're not
gonna say hello to me what are you doing
well if you drink any more it's just
going to start coming out the other side
at the same time okay I'm a little bit
scared Nala you can stop drinking now
guys are there nice going on what what
how this clip is one minute 28 seconds
long so far not as still drinking I have
no idea what's happening right I'm gonna
have my vlog down here everybody I've
just edited this video you're watching
on the train everything up to date is
set from this one clip that you're
watching right now this vlog was awesome
I've loved it owned by Amazon delivery's
arrived yeah right we'll open that in
tomorrow's blog super early in the
morning if you've enjoyed this video
guys give it a big ol thumbs up if you
don't already watch catfish with Max and
Nev go and do it you're missing out it's
the best TV program ever I love it so
much and it was just lovely getting to
meet the boyfriend spend what what
headphones I'm gonna call music on and
spend this evening with them both
awesome guys so like so bloomin lovely
down to earth awesome and and yeah
congratulations as well to leave because
they've got a little one on the way
they've got a little girl coming on the
way which is so exciting so
congratulations guys if you're watching
remember to subscribe down below if
you're not already click that button
down below subscribe I think tomorrow
starting tomorrow I think tomorrow may
be Wednesday I'm going to do a whole
week of giving away merchandise and
everything
video two tons of you guys every single
day so get excited for that give their
80th um ZUP if you enjoyed it let's see
how let's see if we can get 20 mm um
Zhou from this video and I'll catch you
tomorrow morning good hopefully but
actually going to go rock climbing
tomorrow good night
