good morning guys good morning good
morning how you doing today is Sunday
which means Mondays tomorrow but we
don't think about that we give it
positive and we keep happy that it is
still the weekend not every happy that
is the weekend are you so happy because
she literally doesn't care darling she
is still asleep every morning I get up
and I read the comments on the daily
vlog that went up the night before and
I'm looking through them and I'm reading
them tonight there's a ton of funny ones
from yesterday's video and two of them I
want to talk about number one says I
swear you're literally a child stuck in
an adult's body that is what I feel like
I don't feel like a 22 year old I feel
like I'm still like 17 nothing that's a
good thing and hopefully I feel like
that forever
and then there's this comment as well
once it focuses c'mon focus focus focus
not even joking that is the plan for
today that is what we're going to do
today we've got a friend Jay over
socially me Zoe and Jay all going over
to play mini golf and that's the top
comment on yesterday's video come on
Missy hurry up quickly come on go to the
toilet go go go go to the toilet go go
go go
I was down on the beach the other day
and I literally showed you guys this
mini golf the crazy golf place that I
wanted to come to and that's what we're
doing today are you guys good at golf
Wow
Adventure Golf putt is available from
the car jacking anybody brings their own
putter - - Adventure Golf some
professionals are there here we go
shut up oh he's shown in he got Jay
nearly got hole-in-one all right sorry
Stan yeah I've got the score card in my
pocket somewhere did you get into that
is good always do the score so you've
been right come on you got this
oh wow that's quite Jim oh you're the
farthest away come on you got that oh
that was close though I wasn't gonna lie
right where do we get to the next one oh
this way oh you're right there Jase you
can do trips run from the side so
there's two 18-hole courses here no no
no there's two 18-hole courses here
everybody we've gone for the caveman
course today then there's also a hilltop
treetop course which goes up here up and
over we're gonna see if we have enough
time for both
yes yes sorry yeah that wasn't too bad I
think you're the only person I've ever
seen play with a bag on their back
literally look but you're stopping by
just quickly kind of town how are you
doing this so what do you get into as
well so annoying oh yeah be careful of
that little hole I know that's not too
bad you could fall in there might be a
right I think if you go in there that's
a positive thing Oh have to be careful I
think you try and go in there don't go
in there they look some people have lost
their balls down there how the hell have
they got their balls in there oh there
we go
come on yes Oh
so annoying
this makes this makes me so happy
hit it harder than what you think so
flim Annette chip tear cheese yeah I
reckon so
yeah
there we go
look how excited she is
going by your feet oh I don't know if
that's slightly harder now you've done
that I think you have a better chance ah
oh that was the worst idea three look at
the Train
oh my god that train
we got a tricky hole here oh oh shut up
oh my gosh that was so close I thought
that was in then - you know happy that
makes me
I love your start it's one leg on the
wall oh yeah
oh that's not too bad
oh why don't my beer - come on speed
speed see damn it yes so and run without
- then in the end ah
Jay's gonna go straight under here and
straight to the hole oh he's done it oh
yes nice whence are we gonna go you're
gonna go for the wall ride you're gonna
go for the wall ride up here or straight
through I'm gonna stand on this you're
gonna go around the wall
bloody out oh my
Zoe and it's under the fence is there to
run back down if that geysers 20 shots
now so out of bounds this hole has the
biggest wall ride - all the way around
there Oh hit the floor fast that's what
I did
what no no no you guys if you'd have
just got a little bit harder I went from
a Gomez no - I don't know that's covered
please go
are you joking 52
hey it's getting real now guys going
into the cave
yeah after wall after wall
oh are we number for these oh now don't
get cocky
oh I said don't get cocky everyone
around us has been really quiet taking
seriously this on 20 big like a ya know
we're both just shout Magisto Oh Zoey we
don't blame real golf bloomin heck she
proper goes for it
yo che shut up hole number 18 the last
one you ready
Zoey hasn't had a hole in one yet
neither as Jay and I had one unlike hole
number two or something you can do there
yes yes oh my god Oh
if I did avoid is so under to law would
people do bad
no I dig I didn't know much I don't care
about losing it's just people too badly
I love ah no a lot of perfectly in shock
yeah don't get cocky Alfie Oh - there's
a secret little end hole a hole in one
the other do you it's behind the thing
to take your sunglasses off build city
come on you hid the map going you guys
smash it Zoe
Oh
did you don't see that I J is you
counting up the scores
oh we're not counted Zoey we've just
played a whole rounded you literally get
out the way oh right just smash it
this place is sick though guys it's
right on the beach as well look at this
Jays adding up with the scores Oh
drop my drop my little Club ah that
one's got spikes look at that whole your
makeup rubbing off from quite often have
you got the scores what are the scores
in last place is Zoe no okay 61 I don't
know what's good or what's bad it sounds
good
no it sounds good I came in second place
454 and Alfie won with 48 but that was
close though that's what one hole was
different
yeah yes guys that was dead that was fun
we finished up golf we've just headed
over to the marina to grab some lunch
are we thinking ZZ is then that what
we're doing it's quite sunny now it's
really nice look all of this yes a
Chinese boat restaurant oh that's nice
fun fact of the day guys see that
thresher boat there I had a birthday
party on there when I was like 12 or
something and it rained so much and it
was so not raining it was so rocky and
shakey then we were out flat half an
hour and then we came back in yeah it
probably was Ross good old Ross they
would I offend no one else wants it
called up Ross telling niver birthday
party there I was it's like 12 years old
for that party that was fun although we
just came back into the flu why have I
got the biggest pizza in the world
my pee itself is like
what how come my beats just double with
the size of your guys hit an itchy I
thought I drawed a normal pizza like
this you excited Cheers
where's my baby oh it's my little baby
hello big more excited to see mummy as
usual thanks Nala come on to take you
out to the toilet come on coming in come
come come good girl
you're gonna take it night now sit they
guy is too excited
we've just got home I ate that entire
pizza like I'm so full up so stuff just
kind of made me a little bit tired which
and tonight these guys are doing some
bacon what you guys bacon over here
we're gonna make some lemon did you look
at me like what women noise I'm just
setting up to film tonight's new main
Channel video so super late normally I
don't like to film on the same day
because it's just so rushed but I've no
choice today so poppy and Sean are
coming over at half-past four we're
going to start filming at five as soon
as we finish filming I'm going to start
editing so I'm just trying to set up now
because it's about four o'clock in the
afternoon I've got to move over this
room around basically all of this
everything here I'm going to get rid of
and we're going to playing mega high
tower Jenga which may sound a little bit
boring I've played it before with
friends not on video that actually I
have played it on videos well played it
with cha√© once and it was so good so
we're going to do couples Jenga me and
Zoey or Zoey ni thus poppy and Shaun
playing giant Jenga it's literally like
this tall everything's all clear
I'm ready not are you ready to play are
you going to play I don't think you can
because it might fall on you and squish
you you don't want that do we
so these guys have just realized they
can't do the bacon because they've got
no ex so do I Drive rather get use Meg's
or do i boosted board mound you have to
bear in mind you'll have to carry a
board around it that I'm carrying X on
the way back
so that means I'm boosted board all
right
let's check if they're all good
that here's your baking goods they
didn't have the right butter there do
another one
buttercream taste test yo that was good
oh my god we've just finished filming
the new video how did it go pop it was
like so far here in idiot
neither is so scared for more the
banging and stuff things have been super
super us since I lost filmed anything
for this video I have just spent the
last like our editing as quick as I
possibly could to my new main channel
video it is literally processing ok we
go now videos processing you ready you
ready to go booster then booster then
get the other board get the booster
board boost it bore it oh you're just
gonna steal this one oh and see it the
park guys see you the part now there
right let's roll kind of a bit stupid
booster boarding with no jumper on if I
come off I'm going to lose all of my
skin on my arms oh look at those two
little puppies over there hey hey hey
use the brake part what are you guys
doing Superman we ordered food online
and thought we had 35 minutes until it
arrived
turns out the delivery was super quick
and the delivery person is outside our
house right now we're literally in the
park cause Oh Ian Bobbie of running with
gnarley' back home Jason on the
skateboard sure this jogging I'm just
adding up at the skateboard oh my gosh
we also can't contact the person to let
them know that we're on the way
because sorry Aegina closets are not
falling over because my work phone I
don't have on me on the weekends I leave
it at home and my work phone is the
phone that's connected to my delivery
account like y'all this is not good
alright the new video is live and we
made it back in perfect time in fact I
beat you guys in the car I boosted
boarded and they drove back and I beat
them and we got all the food we've got I
beat you about quite a lot at five
minutes half gbk half economy which is
sushi oh my gosh look all of that y'all
just any of them any of them right oh I
did a proper touch the back of your Ilya
Danny went in the end of it broke up and
stayed in their tents in there keep the
end in there yeah I don't even know what
you might not with what are we watching
yeah look at that Missy you've got the
whole bed to yourself haven't you your
TV sounds good yeah guys I'm trying to
brush my teeth at the moment that's why
I sound a little bit weird I'm washing
my hair you sleepy
my boys I've gone out for a toothpaste
right move tucked up into bed and in
stops I started my sentence I can't even
speak guys I have all my braces in two
days meant to add them every night and I
didn't wear them last and I've just put
the mid and they're affecting me like
more than ever so if you might even be
able to understand what I'm saying
I'm sorry if you cannot I've had a
lovely evening a lovely day
did you enjoy golf today my dear why are
you kicking my day else is it gonna be
it just me you and not her in bed so
he's kicking me did you do it crazy go
yeah so good
enjoy I really really want to go back
and do the other one the one along the
top as well maybe a poppy and Shawn
would you like add up my score in your
score and then or boys versus girls or
it's gonna say siblings but kind of the
father kind of doesn't lie yes we do me
and professor you and Joe that could be
quite good yeah anyways I had so much
fun playing golf today guys and then we
just watch my neighbors Totoro Totoro
which was really good I've heard you
guys talk about it so much before online
I swear like a tumbler and summarize
obsessed with anime I found it really
relaxing to what I just wanna sleep I
thought he found it so relaxing
you fell asleep I found it really really
relaxing did you see the cat bus yes
usually the second on the cat bus at the
top of the tree yeah hmm I don't know
when you fell asleep anyways I'm going
to end the vlog guys remember to go
check out my new main Channel video if
you haven't already it's Zoey and I
first puppy and Shaun ah giant Jenga
like literally is talking as tall as you
at the end of it and it was really
really fun so go check that out we've
had a lovely day wherever you do
remember to keep on smiling be positive
remember to follow your dreams make them
possible and worry yeah um can you pass
my snorkel it's just beside you there on
the bedside table get a bit deeper now I
need my snorkel to join your wetsuit at
the same time yeah I'm my own master
that or did you just want to say screw
it get your whole scuba diving kit get
your gas canister
oh wow races anyways I'll get you two
all right guys thank you so much for a
lovely day remember to do more for makes
you happy
purpose I'll get you to my good night
was like can we just can we just over
how scam my coffee fence go eat just
talk about her scary movie three years
on this is literally one of my favorite
films are you ready
