good morning guys how you doing I want
to start the blog off by playing a
little clip you know I met with one car
last night just are we going
corner of the ceiling of the room you
know yesterday because I stopped the
blog by asking they took over you last
night this thinks we went to that hotel
since the creepers out the hotel room
and a lemon ah good morning guys very
first of December hope you having a
lovely day whatever you're up to right
we are we're off to go get some
breakfast very late everyone decided to
have a slight lie in today if needed
it's 11:30 it's 11:30
we need to get our butts out and go and
have fun go ice skating go and explore
if you have no idea where we are or what
we're doing we're currently in Edinburgh
for a couple of days having a little
break you literally doing your makeup
again oh my gosh oh it's day one you
need to give me the first present why I
don't look under the water my camera
looks blue hey there we go
okay we're back to normal
check out this latte off that is
impressive impressive yours is your turn
to honor you don't have milk do you know
let's see if you can do it if you can do
the same Eddie he's just trying to do it
Oh smashed it by the smoke effect some
Marvin did it got that three two one
thank you so much the Instagram people
raving about these boulders Steven got
fallen I love Sean make my dad one of
these couple of weeks ago
pollen on it yeah which is this a my
dad's 84 went crazy I get really bad
babies I feel like robably shouldn't be
good scoop them off yeah you're hating
very good I can smell em
all right so we've come out to the ice
skating rink we've met up with Daniel
and Bethany and Cove as well this is
cool you saw last year's milks you'll
know that this ice skate is like a round
one of the big I don't know exactly what
this is Ansari I probably probably
should know what it is this around this
thing it's like a massive circle which
is really cool
you ready we need to go get our boots
and stuff oh it's so festive in here
Mark's got a bloomin CEO yes ma yes
there's a sign that says no cameras and
no iPhones on the ice I've got two
iPhones and my camera on the ice I
wanted to bring my big one because it
would've looked awesome but I would have
got told off let's go come on my your
seal
oh oh oh my gosh these things are these
are really fast
Oh God now is too slow are you okay
everyone else is still ice skating I'm
gonna have to stop and loosen my boots
or something
these are hurting so bad yeah
under your boots is like the nicest
feeling in the entire world thank you
who got the hot chocolate so we've gone
for a slow this is so good
Christmas mark a who came here last year
all I remember is how amazing the food
was that's all I can think about right
now oh cheese is the cheese good yeah
waste peih-gee but then we're gonna
share it all right so you go for oneself
yeah one set of four let's go without
them who's throwing past you got
I think nearly it's just about you know
not quite gone shorty boy that's its
flipper up you can't afford to miss no
no don't go no no no they they they they
don't but we just made four pounds don't
get your eyes
we'll wind up with anything we haven't
won but just for pride just say closed
minds yeah close your eyes
honestly can't believe that I just
missed that shot the worst one normally
I'm quite good at darts Sean got in
twice with his eyes closed
that's what I'm talking about chip on a
stick that's what we all want
have you got a field trip on a steer you
ever got any money
zone decisis have any reason just had a
little break inside the coats just had
his nappy changed and over there I'm
gonna put on there what's this thing
called home everybody that everyone is
oh and I to have a baby I'm holding a
baby you happy how jealous jealous baby
he's genuinely so happy Billy's little
breath you guys
you'll get look at his little fade
I think I honestly think he's gonna fall
asleep I would advise that go thing he's
so calm the more I dance the more he's
falling asleep
joy Zoe and Mark can't complete the maze
we finished it and they're having to go
back now of us they don't get little
prize at the end we're at the end now
have you still not done it go find out
yeah yeah yeah
I'm gonna use that as my intro music for
the blog today eat that
half the group of ordered a zz for
dinner from delivery me and hope you
come out to wait roads to get sushi for
the other half absolutely smashing it I
thought it's all going to be sold out
with this like half past 7:00 in the
evening still strong got everything we
want the only thing I'm thinking that we
should do number one is get other
nibbles and drinks and stuff let's get
some cheese oh yeah
biggest ball I like this you like the
wine we got yes the best Christmas
present ever drink response 1.5 liters
this is a Magnum this here botanical
pack so it's basically juniper berries
pink peppercorns
cardamon and rose to add to your economy
do it one hand to add to your gin check
that so cool I've got the door literally
the loss for now everyone else has gone
to bed in fact everyone else went to bed
a couple of hours ago I'm always the
last one up and the first one up there's
smoke actually so he does wake up fairly
early actually to be fair but this
morning I was like the first one up my
own home at 4:00 7:00 a.m. last night as
well so the last one up it's not even
though I don't need sleep it's just that
I don't like sleeping I would much
rather be filming videos doing emails
working on new projects planning new
videos
I just prioritize so much more in my
life than sleeping like everyone else
has literally been asleep for the last
like blumenau it's 1:00 a.m. three hours
everyone else went up at like 10 o'clock
and I'm still down here like Oh Bochy
I'm not I'm being serious I'm still
eating
fear not my laptop this whole time
there's emails working on planning new
Christmassy videos because although yes
I do blog every single day you guys know
that it is vlogmas so I've been planning
some special Christmassy things that are
going on that are happening throughout
the videos coming up over the next month
or so
so get excited for that if you guys
haven't already checked out the
Christmas merch I've only got one piece
on me but I've got Christmas pop sucker
here P be merged much the lil dude to
dude ding new intro that I've got going
on there's also there's also signed PB
posters I've signed them all by hand
link is down below and I don't
happy holidays deu IES phone cases if
you want to go if you want to go check
them out today has been a good day today
was fun that ice cream is fun
he just carry around cold may need to me
it made me brooding of course of course
it didn't like he's so cute and so
awesome and I've never like spent that
much time with a baby bar yahweh's that
creepy little door can you see there's a
little door with a key what is this
that's so scary
I don't like young lost without I don't
want to be the last well I feel like
that bookshelf is like fake now and if
you push it it kind of goes I don't like
carrying cofran today definitely made me
broody but I do think the quite a lot of
me wanting this sounds ridiculous quite
a lot of me wanting to have a baby has
gone since having Nala because she kind
of fulfills a little bit of that because
she's just so cuddly in so like fun to
play with and stuff it's not made me
want a baby because I don't want a baby
I'm definitely not ready to have a child
like I'm not at all I know a lot of you
want me to be ready but I'm definitely
not ready by 24 is old enough to have a
child like Bethany's 25 and she's got
wafer and curve if you guys haven't
checked out Dino and Bethany's channel
who were hanging out with today please
go check it out their app so the awesome
goes on leave a link down below go
subscribe to their stuff go and check
out their videos I don't know how to
describe it it hasn't made me want to
have a kid a baby a child but it has
made me think
damn I'm excited for when I do anyway so
I should probably stop rambling because
this videos from realize 700 hours long
I hope you've enjoyed today if you've
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up
thank you so much to all the lbw club
who've already done so every single day
if you're part of the LBW club you like
before watching and i'm not saying you
have to do
all I'm saying is that the members are
there we W cannot do that subscribe if
you're not already guys go down below it
literally takes one second just hit the
subscribe button get notified every
single time I upload a video I don't get
a good bit I'm not gonna go to sleep I'm
gonna go to bed I'm gonna go play
I'm gonna go play some apps on my phone
maybe do a couple of emails as well
anyway so I need to turn off for the
noise your boy is that creepy door about
we're gonna check out tomorrow in the
vlog just don't let me check it out now
because I'm the last one up
and that's bloomin creepy Oh screw that
so screw down let me get my phone to
watch out yo I'm the last one up about
turning the lights off yeah yeah yeah
yeah this is creepy
