are you ready good morning guys we're
currently booster boarding along the
beach let's say we it's actually just me
and puppies walking I'm sorry I'm back
home in Brighton everybody I spent most
of yesterday traveling on cars and
flights and be the non-asshole so
they're learning blog much hope you're
having a lovely day wherever you are
whatever you're doing some people behind
the recognise me hey we just finished up
a meeting which was right next to the
beach and now we're free carousel people
on jet skis in the sea I want a jet ski
so imagine people a jet ski
guys imagine if we bought a jet ski we
don't need we might need a jet ski so
this is the control you hold that bit in
and go forwards and backwards it's not
you try right you're on it now roll it
forward a tiny bit a little bit little
bit yeah now backwards to stop novo for
now go forward if you want to stop then
it will stop out yeah it's like a brake
Sean's here everybody even though I've
got the booster board papi has a car so
we're jumping back in the car
he's so pop up is lost her ticket and
doesn't know what it were castle or
you're good
everybody is asked me to control Shawn
or Shawn to control me so for all of you
that commented in my last video are you
ready 3 2 is coming backwards imagine if
I said boom Shawn's going buddy I'm so
scared I don't like not having control
be careful
although you already control I can't be
careful as you yeah yeah yeah yeah
y'all
I thought I actually had to make you so
yeah I know I'm literally so close to
that wall all right we need to get in
the car my Papi's gonna drive away so
it's got some of the world's best
looking donuts how good let me see it
si proper full mmm
and I'm sorry eating bloomin raw cacao
would I even know something raw
activated gluten-free no added sugar
dairy-free paleo and Aemon looks like
guinea pig food that's not like where
have you been all day where have you
been Geithner I'm joking I'm joking I
have been the worst blogger today I just
got into another meeting just not just
got out of another meeting just finished
it up the time is currently five minutes
to seven we've had some people over all
day cleaning that outside of our house
it was like really really dirty and they
came with like jet hoses and special
chemical stuff and cleaned it all and it
is looking amazing like so clean that
house looks brand-new so the house that
we live in is super super modern 20 mil
couple years ago and all the walls are
like white like this although they
weren't white they were like green and
dirty up a default panel is gone she ran
outside some way they were like that
need to be in Miami as well we're not in
Miami yeah that's what the guy said to
me outside to these houses off again get
dirty and he said well they were only
meant to be abroad in hot countries that
like oh really really dry and don't get
damp easily and obviously we live in the
UK anyways we've had a super super good
day but I just haven't managed to feel
much but it is Friday Friday Friday
Friday which means the weekend is coming
up it is like two minutes to 7:00 so
we're gonna have some fun tonight and
then what we're getting up to poppy and
Shawn are gonna head over
minute and we shall joke one Nayla no
eyelashes haha good girl she's literally
sitting on the floor waiting just
looking at me la-la
I'm just glad to the toilet dad good
girl
coming in we've tidied all of Lila's
treat drawer and we've put all of the
treats into one big box so these here
are like the big treats whichever while
she's watching TV or like relaxing on
the sofa being super super good aren't
they
and then over here we've got the big old
box of treats these are just like
everyday you've been a good girl I'm
gonna give you one of these come on up
here sit good girl when you enjoy that
one that's a big old tree what have you
got for dinner baked potato with beans
and cheese on a salad that looks amazing
I should have waited I kind of just at
my dinner a minute ago
boss yours was still in the oven sorry
about that
which one's got the money
snip money you chose this one okay so
it's got all the money no hi this was
good my Papi's got the Kratt one way
also I've just got a jam look how good
this looks easy I wouldn't those going
fast
are we taking turns find it diamonds to
win a prize oh my god I won did you win
how much fine I wanted fine no you
didn't know you did I want to get the
bonus buy shut up
oh wait where's the diamond finder oh I
didn't win it on my fermenter huh
did you win Zoey no oh it's probably
gonna win 5,000 did you
we go 100,000 100,000 I got a hundred oh
I'll be damned when I can't cope with
scratch this gravy it's actually giving
me goose bumps now to try make em money
now for a donut mmm
isn't it so good like the best donuts
you've ever had I don't even like that
they're from flowerpot bakery and
brighten every Friday all proceeds go to
charity
miss we know they do this week they do
it's national it's national donut week
look at that as you - actually I think
national the one that I hope I had the
salted caramel one didn't I yeah tasted
like angel delight butterscotch it a lot
for a close-up I what pineapple I know
I'm obsessed I love pineapple all right
Shawn mm-hmm serves you right
I'm so douchey it showed you i winning a
fiver so you only for winning the fight
eat that doughnut you jammy cronut
you're across on noon are we gonna Nala
Bhalla
oh she looked at me into shambhala yeah
funny
couch Ella knows I Calculon right now
are you kidding on couch other leave us
a memory does that mean it's so well as
couch couch Ella
huh I think I owe you my neck go on go
and show your morning new parent
deep-fried the pineapples Oh your money
I go enjoy
pineapple challenge is it juicy Shawn oh
my god can you just say this the Apple
so just spit out you eat no no succeeded
to finally turns you on
step four the little bits on my arm is
it only camera yeah the camera is on the
lens all right we're heading out to the
park on my new grab one forward I
grabbed one you ready to boost yes yeah
booster booster booster board boosted
board
boosted board yo we've just got to the
park now I want to give Zoey a first go
he's gone this isn't even on the fastest
setting are you ready Zoey I've got my
cap backwards I look like an egghead I
know but you ready are you gonna sit on
it I'm gonna film you I just want you to
can you control the speed but how do I
like right put that in your wrist
pull that little bit down pull it tight
buy it so what you do is you hold that
button in there or your finger and if
you roll that forward it goes forward
backwards it goes backwards keep it on
your finger now roll it forward to your
thumb look you haven't pressed it yet
roll it forwards of your thumb can you
feel it yeah can you sorry you're barely
moving all that poppies right overtake
you oh well you've slowed down by
reverse now slow down by pushing it
backwards poppy look at that go go they
having a race oh no there's going to be
a crash
go Bobby go go go Shawn there's gonna be
a crash Bobby say she doesn't know to
stop there do not know how to stop push
it backwards on your thumb you can't
remember there's literally a forwards
and the backwards and that's it I just
hold out okay you didn't allowed to go
backwards
look at them go they're loving it I
think we got a bit done over here man
yeah me and you were just walking and
those two have stolen our boards are you
ready come on so II go on Zoe you've got
this stop snapchatting is a race lean
over Zoe lean lean no this is literally
the slowest race Zoe come on your speed
- go for it go for it yes
goes oh yes sorry yes oh we might have
an overtake here hey how was that which
I guess do you like it then do you like
the vegetable
yeah I would just ride around no just
Sean Oh John let's switch over now did
you in but this is a very fair though we
can we bought them the boys brought them
to the park and you guys are just stolen
them we finally got the boosted boards
back the girls have gone on the swings
and me and Sean our boos did it
they got was a baby one this is really
company that was good old session the
girls jumped in the car back home while
strong and I boosted boarded back home I
thought to charge them since I lost used
them and they kind of ran out of charge
when my one did so Shaun had to hold my
hand whilst he was mr. Boylan on the
pavement and first of all the back
holding hands pulling me along do you
know I feel like a gin and tonic it's a
Friday night oh I got salute gin the
other day the new gin should be
somewhere in here got that fancy look
Lyngen Hendrick's Gin another gin back
there and this is the new one it won the
international wine and spirit
competition quality award 2015
apparently it is statistically the best
gin in the world it won in 2015
Turner GT we've Daffy's the best gin in
the world if you don't know what this is
this is an ice ball you like pour the
water in here and it makes your ice well
a single ball shape set from now just
put my hands all over it alright oh
that's so good how cool is that
the ice yo facemask time oh I literally
fell not that I felt it before but like
a cap in your head
oh did that not happen to you that time
that feels so cold and horrible you're
gonna say it feels really good in
eternity no more you doing you're
dependent shapes now you know I'm not
I'm trying to get around your oily areas
oh it's cold
mmm so good when you put like a big
dollop on you get me
okay I'm joined not this bloomin cold
everyone else has gotten to go and wash
off their face mask mine is still so wet
hasn't dried fully so you gonna wash
earlier yours is completely dry yeah
yeah am i you stole all that well nah
let's just mean you hanging out little
one come and hang out with me good girl
come and hang out daddy that a busy few
days yeah I know I mentioned it a little
bit earlier but I just wanted to mention
again that I've seen so many of you
tonight tweeting pictures of you wear my
new merchandise whether that's like a
jumper or a hoodie or using a phone case
and now also the beanie they finally
started to arrive in and I've seen so
many pictures and tweets and stuff like
that's nice if you do have any or you're
about to get any when it arrives please
pop he's holding up come and show them
what you've got bobbies holding one of
the notepads I to be like the notepad
you know an idea I haven't given you any
of my merch I should try to give you
everything I should give you everything
but yeah if you get some please let me
know but with me a picture or Instagram
and and tagging me or something like
that
so that I can see it I'll leave a link
down below to the store the online store
where you can go check all of my
merchandise she is being so cute tonight
oh hey yes
then that no one see in the morning oh
we've got a little one in our bed
tonight alright guys I am all tucked up
in bed we've had a lovely day hope
you've enjoyed watching this video I've
had so much fun today
so as for being shown us 1000 ver here
tonight Nala sleeping in bed with them -
and they're both so excited I just went
in there now to check how she is and
she's like cuddled up in between the
both fast asleep anyway so I'm gonna
start dragging on because zoey is fast
asleep next to me and probably waking up
so as I said I hope you've enjoyed the
video guys thank you so much for
watching it give it a big ol thumbs up
if you enjoyed it subscribe down below
even already because I know that over
half the people that watch these videos
aren't even subscribed so be awesome if
you could subscribe down below give it a
thumbs up and I'll catch you tomorrow
good look at my new car everybody what
okay I don't know what's going on
