look at my new car everybody what okay I
don't know what's going on
good morning guys good morning another
day another flight today we're off to
Prague I had to be up at 6 n this
morning and I went to bed at 2 a.m. last
night absolutely ridiculous so so late
and then it like hot past 3:00 in the
morning somebody wrong I do about five
times so that was lovely just didn't
really get a good night's sleep when you
arrive an airport you meant to be three
hours early for your flight just so you
make it on time I kind of got an hour
about an hour and 20 minutes until my
plane leaves so hopefully it'll be all
good this is what you did not want 20
minute walk to your gate it's so hard to
resist the urge not to buy anything
convictions
you guys know how much love camera
equipment when you're in an air for you
get 20% off lookout dirty the pain is
from everyone touching it so it turns
out I'm sitting right next to the
emergency exit buddy which is absolutely
great because these are things I have to
follow to pull off the new handle throw
it on the floor what's going on
throw on the floor pull up another
handle pull the freaking door off jump
out the window with the actual door I've
got to say this whole window out with me
that's great isn't it because I'm
definitely not going to land on that
wing of us to jump out
the turbulence on this flight is pretty
damn nuts everybody please Jensen
welcome to Prague most local time here
approaching heaviness to 1:00 in the
afternoon thank you so much thank you
touchdown guys I'm in Prague I'm so
excited to be have just realised that I
don't actually know what the currency is
I go out 100 euros to spend whilst I'm
here when I taxis and food and stuff and
the Europe the the currency isn't euro
this Israel we need to go change up the
euros that we just got there on for the
right after this country there we go
thank you so much yes look at that dude
is so cool thank you so much have a
lovely day I didn't tell anybody where
my flight was coming in but somehow Mac
you Michelle have known that I'm coming
in thank you so much for coming and
you've got my book as well you having a
good day should you guys not be at work
or school or college or that's naughty
okay Oh your mom let you oh that's real
good dad that's perfect thanks for
coming guys
I have no idea what is going on guys
apparently DOM and I've got separate
guards he's got to get different guard
to me and I've have I got a fancy car
yeah you have a BMW
I've got BMW and you've got federal buys
it's handed you just have a segue to
like go on I have no idea what's
happening heading to the car thanks see
you later thanks so much for the help I
have no idea what's happening guys all I
know is that this camera crews and
photographers and stuff happening what's
happening here we go everybody right
look at my new car everybody what okay I
don't know what's going on this is my
ride there's not going to be a film true
in there as well
can I put my bag in the boot will it fit
is there a oh wow okay it's definitely
not going to fit pop it in the back
dogs got to fit in the back of this car
look at it that is ridiculous
oh my gosh
Jack and they're gonna let me keep it my
legs look this is my my legs are going
yeah but I'll move the seat back forward
wait am i driving at the neck of the
commenter's little more wiser senators
okay Tom have you got enough room back
there yeah no I'm good you got loads rub
your head can definitely go straight
yeah I'm thinking about something like a
stretch out just Nikki Oh should I close
the door I don't even close this yo
thank you having InStyle haha well thank
you so much thank you to come and pick
us up in the airport they have to drive
it off of this platform protocol the
platform
government to pick us up and the event
hasn't even started yet we've just
arrived at the event obviously why we're
here in Prague I told you a little bit
more about it later on we're going to be
up there tomorrow talking about YouTube
and why I started how I started and is
Dom doing his singing his boy band
rehearsal yeah you have to get into a
fitness workout routine like a spark
amazing
I've been told that we're getting in
slightly more normal car now however
this still isn't a very normal car is
that look at this not only if we got a
screen in front of us but also in the
middle look at this
what's that do you can change the
temperature from here do you work for
BMW No
ah that's gonna say can I have this car
yeah you can can I have the car I think
yeah thank you you have to buy it and
you get it ha ha ha can you feel this
Dom can you feel that there you got
about this yeah you're making lumps come
overs good thank you so much in this
super flashy car you later guys have a
lovely day thank you so much check out
how good this lunch looks I've got a
club sandwich which is absolutely
massive some chips for some reason like
manager guy just came out I bought
another wife I got two portions of chips
here we go let's see what the rooms like
yeah I got two beds wife I got two beds
welcome to Prague everybody ah that's
cool
hang on the cloves there's really cool
my bathroom nice shower lovely room
lovely Oh out oh this is awesome
let's have a look at the view it is such
lovely weather here in Prague wow
there's some of you guys outside sitting
down there hey oh they can't hear me
hello whoo just packing up my drone at
the moment we're gonna go ahead I
explore we've only got about half an
hour to explore before we have to be
back here to get dinner tonight with
everybody bar but now is definitely
enough time to go out for a cheeky
little quick fly
alright let's go so people have come to
say hello if people even got my books
and my t-shirts you can each say hello
look at the t-shirts hey see you later
thank you so much why that traffic was
insane that was busy I've no idea well
we're going to go to the is it the troll
student bridge
no Charles of the Charles Bridge Wow
look at that bill down that's crazy
people don't build buildings like this
anymore well why does everything new
have to be like made out of glass it
ruins their I want there to be some like
really cool old school looking buildings
that are actually new we're literally
meant to be back at the hotel right now
to start getting ready for dinner
tonight
the traffic was insane I don't know
whether to get my drone out now or
whether to save it for tomorrow morning
I feel like there's also going to be a
big chance that I might lose my drone in
the river because I've only ever driven
miles of any of it I've only ever flown
by drone with like the big remote that
you guys have seen I can fit in my bag I
had to just with my iPhone to control it
and I've never tried that before
and I'm about to do it over a river for
the first time getting the drone out
guys
that is it and then the only other thing
I've got is my iPhone
just saving that video now trying to
make sure I get it hopefully I've got
the footage cool
thanks so much whoa just checked out see
if I got that drone footage wasn't the
best footage I'm gonna have to say
because when we go in there no it says
no ah because I kind of lost connection
as you saw but they were still some
still some stuff today so I hope you
enjoyed it we'll try and get better
stuff tomorrow tons of you have been
messaging me about all of these I've
been getting tweet a picture this all
day are they good thank you so much
massive yes it's like really
I might repo for them or we just won't
tell Zoe okay no Jay g'day Jacob today
has been so busy like oh my gosh I
haven't even had a chance in the UK at
the moment is like quarter past four I
haven't even had a chance to edit my
daily vlog I wanted to do it on the
plane and then the woman no the error
says we're going took my laptop away
from me she was like you can't have it
out and put it up away and I couldn't
edit my blog and now I'm back in my
hotel room and there is like a super
posh business dinner happening tonight
I've only got outfits like this and the
only jacket I've got with me is a
pointlessblog hoodie everyone downstairs
wearing like suits and shirts and
Blazers and leather brillo and brown
shoes and stuff I've got black jeans or
shorts definitely can't wear shorts
another plain white t-shirt or a grey
t-shirt and that is it that's literally
all I got there's no even much I can do
so I don't even know why I'm saying I
know what to do I'm just gonna have to
do everything I can and that probably
just means wear this great t-shirt that
isn't even posh I'm not going to wear my
grade teacher actually I'm literally
just gonna go like this i man so what I
can do
thumbs dressed up all smart we're just
heading out now in a rush
as usual with me check out that yes he's
loving it we've been in five minutes and
Dom's showing up magic tricks to an
actual magician oh my god he loves her
he loves this tricks over
that's what dogs going to get about
later on tonight yeah tons of you guys
just stopped from all over Prague and
Australia and stuff Oh guys hey how you
doing I find in there
good thanks here thank you so much thank
you yeah enjoy cheers cheers man we're
jumping on this little wagon are you
going to be able to cycle both of us are
you strong enough she's strong enough
it's not that way this is so romantic
lucky I didn't kind I was gonna go that
way
living Lewis Hamilton up here Thomas
hold it on look at this yes oh go on go
for it what if we have a head-on
collision
there was a tram literally up our bomb
the whole way
damn that was dangerous look where we
are though we've come on the hunt to
find one beer what's it called here's
the that's why I'm not going to try and
say the name bitch I'm gonna get it
wrong but that's the beer that we're
looking for we want one pint of it
tonight so there's a musical going on
somewhere
in me I know about your deal
check this little alley out it has
traffic lights because only one person
can come up and down at once and you let
you know whether you can go down or not
how mad is that but it's we got the
beers we were looking for we've kind of
already drunk most of them and then we
ended up getting some sausage and cooked
in dark beer I have no idea what to
expect
good evening hey how you doing so just
go back to the hotel and there's a few
people waiting and it turns out that
most of them have a youtube channel so
I'm gonna go around wait don't go I'm
gonna go around you have to each say
your YouTube channel your website
whatever you do okay wedeck and my
facebook page wait wait they got a ish
shut up there we go me on instagram my
gimmick on youtube and my name is Anna
soles just enough so yeah there we go
what's up guys I told by alpha Belle
look so like Casper I've always been
told I will use a mixer in Casper and
Joe my youtube channel is my name is
Martin and my Instagram is I'm gonna
spell it out may I
it's gonna take the long so you're good
at I'm upset okay women egg guys the
longest one I've ever heard my Instagram
when de Ville Sultan and I believe it's
really him haha yes thank you thank you
and if I may say one last thing Alfie is
nice guy like no way you're spending
time Lee that's right now you must be so
tired yeah it's nice good guys poor
Alfie
thank you and we mean it thank you so
much for coming this role and thank you
guys and when you start going oh god
alright we'll have a lovely night guys
it's nice in your I'm gonna have to go
and I need to go and edit I'll see you
all in a bit
see you later
all right everybody oh this is
flattering his net right everybody I am
tuck double I've got to be quiet I'm
probably waking up of ypres up it's like
1 o'clock in the morning I'm gonna head
to sleep now today has been blooming
crazy
I hope you've enjoyed that I hope you
enjoyed the vlog hope you do you like my
life tank
I've got like just a little light
lighting me up like this or yeah hope
you enjoyed the vlog today has been very
Advent 'fl I thought was going to be the
most boring vlog ever so I'm going to
Prague but just like meetings and stuff
and you guys aren't going to get to see
anything fun but it turns out that I got
to explore quite a bit Prague me a ton
of you guys today drive in like the
craziest car in the world from BMW so
thank you for just randomly turning up
at the airport and give me a lift in
that car then I got to fly my drone and
nearly lost it in the water and it's
just been good it's been good hunger
I've got there my role because it's
currently like hot bus 1:00 in the
morning and either side of me I'm
guessing people are asleep so I'll catch
you tomorrow if you enjoyed the vlog
please give it a big ol thumbs up to let
me know I know you guys always smash it
you always give me so much love and
support so go down below if you do one
thing for me today go down below hit
that little thumbs up button to let me
know you enjoyed the vlogs and I'll
catch you tomorrow I will I'll catch you
bright and early tomorrow see you then
good Casper bro no has read to touch
that what you do it what no one's even
here yet you're already enough
