good morning guys good morning good
morning we are at the train station we
are on the way when I say we I mean
myself and you watching this but on the
way to London we've got a super packed
fun-filled busy day ahead of us we've
got a meeting when I arrive which I'm
like this close to being late to then I
got like an hour off then I got a
meeting with Marcus and then in the
evening I've got a party to go to so
super exciting whatever all these all
sort of this mean available for off feet
are okay Victoria as usual guys always
make sure you walked right to the front
of the train so that you can be the
first one off in there's literally the
driver's seat the Calista see
just arrived in London everybody I feel
like I haven't properly spoken to you
today I've had the craziest morning
Miley explained another time what's
going on is it is definitely not
something that I want to speak about in
today's vlog because it has just been
stressful by it's getting sorted getting
sorted
just realized that I haven't actually
had breakfast or lunch yet and it's 3
o'clock so you quickly grab a burrito
thank you so much today is so rushed
I've also got a driver waiting for me up
here always take the stairs it's the
quickest way oh don't even know when I'm
going to get chance to eat this hey how
you doing just got to the first meeting
now 3 is actually a hot past the rain
this is what you have to do also 24
minutes later they come here guys look
I'm Markus he's got the marketers got
gills everybody white being serious
right look at this look at the camera a
new camera I got it yesterday
I literally didn't vlog any of those
meetings guys but I couldn't it was all
just like future stuff and it would have
been super boring I'm now heading in to
the book launch from its night inviting
Casper loving your shoes bro very
fashionable does is that the new Casper
look just trying to I'm going back to
the nights back in the flip-flops wants
me here we go
no one's here yet guys just got a Pimm's
the moment just gonna go drop my bag off
Casper bro no has read to touch that
what you do it what no one's even here
yet you already know shut up look at
this
oh hey join a game Oh Marcus is in his
absolute element here with the bowl like
yeah I'm loving bro I love of us eat
some of that
why is he putting those through you yeah
saying this is basically my dinner
people don't realize but this is my
dinner Marcus says he can tell you the
ingredients of any food just by sniffing
yet
pour into your phone not only you pour
water into your own bro
especially got glassed before anyone can
you tell me what's in that written
you're mad at you yeah I want to see me
doing it right
Apple spinach or is right how many grams
of spinach though 400 boy there you go
legend would what we wanted it to be
thank you Ivan actually showing you guys
a book I've been showing these guys the
book yeah judging or you go you too
now you guys are just hopefully seeing
your own book no that's your body that's
not the book yeah they grow things you
you have 10 seconds to sell your book I
don't need to sell this book look at
this face you want to be stacked and you
want to be healthy you want to be happy
if you want that's literally like the
American bucks no just left the party
now I was about to jump sorry that
today's vlog spins so little place right
away I was about to jump on the train to
head home and then Markie but but I just
said to me yo you got about to Brighton
tonight because I'm driving back so he's
gonna give me any back that's lovely on
being so lovely of you right now they
live stay here bro we're just gonna grab
some food first
oh limit what we going for Chi Chi Chi
Chi lit - I'll start smashing all of my
food I bought marks is still in the game
how
happy is so comfy this one's to eat
seeing a VIP boat catching a bear should
take you to the toilet nyla is so
retired but we need to take you out of
the toilet don't we
Kim oh there you go mate
there you go buddy I'm not sure how much
I've told you guys but tomorrow morning
at 6:30 a.m. I'm getting picked up from
this house driven to the airport and I'm
flying to Prague also I've got backwards
cap on the mixed bag kind of look like
an egg anyways ignore the egghead I fly
to Prague tomorrow is for like a worki
business talk kind of thing in front of
a panel load of like it's gonna be cool
but it's very very work what they did so
want to try and still keep the vlogs fun
and interesting for you because the work
stuff is going to be so boring for me to
film so I'm gonna try not to film that
but still have fun so I don't think
they're gonna let me take the booster
board on because it is so damn big
however I'm thinking I might be able to
get a way of taking the drone this bag
here is way too big like that's bigger
than even luggage thumb allowed I'm
gonna only try and take this little
suitcase with me cuz I'm only going for
one night which means that I probably
won't be able to fit this massive
controller into the case with me so what
I'm thinking is taken let the propellers
the batteries and everything just taking
the drone and then I'm gonna try and
control it with my iPhone like you can
do this I've never tried it before
of course controlling it with that
massive controller is way easier but I
just can't I can't fit the controller in
my case so I think what I'm gonna do is
just take all of the little bits these
bits and then just try and fly it with
my iPhone so what I'm taking with me is
boxers t-shirts shorts a spare t-shirt
two pairs of socks my drone two drone
batteries and a third one that I'm gonna
charge tonight and then pack for
tomorrow I've got some boxes and some
socks and I need to pick the rest of the
outfit so I'm currently in bed in Prague
in my hotel editing the video that you
are watching right now I completely
forgot to end it I fell asleep straight
away so I just wanted to give you an
ending
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed it give it a big ol thumbs up to
let me know let's see how many let's see
if we can get 22222 likes be sure to go
check out the lean machines new book I
am so proud of both of them I love both
of them so much and I'm just I'm excited
to be able to finally actually read it
myself hopefully put some of the tips to
good use because I mean I need let's be
honest I need to start in healthier and
I need to get into shape so hopefully
that I helped me out and make everything
a bit easier for me but yeah I'm in
Prague and today has been crazy so get
ready for the next daily vlog because it
is like what happened today ridiculous
I'll catch you tomorrow good good night
so you can't skateboard oh this is gonna
be so day let me turn the speed down
