so you can't skateboard or not value
this is going to be so date let me turn
the speed down good morning guys good
morning look what I'm currently on
currently on the booster board heading
into town
we've Sean he is way up ahead looks I'm
trying to vlog and boost at the same
time and I'm a little bit scared this is
the first proper time I've used the
booster board as an actual mode of
transport rather than just polite
chillin riding along the beach or like
oh no how's it going
booster board yeah shredding up them
streets there we go let's do it oh my
gosh
raps is here we just make photocopies to
be made at the moment we've just
finished up our coffees everybody
absolutely delicious
and I had two snacks or bait Oh
basically breakfast I'm still getting
used to writing this on the pavement it
is incredibly bumpy it's good it's just
scary
let's get you sketchy no you can't go up
there it goes you cut good you got it
you got it
go Chris forward made it to town now
time to kick off the woods it's way too
busy well then do a little bit shopping
I want to go and have a look at the
drones in Apple store I'm not gonna get
one we might get one but we're not gonna
get one okay and then we're also gonna
have a look at the new g7x camera which
I'm not gonna get I might get one and
then Shawn's got a voucher for shoe from
the shoe shop no no not even on it
size wrong shot size so we're going to
go have a look-see what shoes they've
got in there as well it's blooming
lovely day still isn't it yeah you don't
even need to go to the gym
they're like bigger than me they're so
heavy and long I feel like we need sure
bought like a padlock and just locked it
up somewhere all right we're in Apple
Store looking at the Phantom 4
what are you saying I'm saying it looks
bloomin amazing look I love me this is a
less good camera today the difference
with this rich guys is that you can
separate and control the camera so when
I'm flying the the parent I can't move
the camera wherever I move the drone the
camera film - this one I could be flying
in a line and the camera can be panning
what little bit confusing hey hey Dad
she knows that I need to get this the
woman in that all right yeah you'll be
pleased to know that I didn't buy the
drone everybody I really want to but
I've only flown my drone once so far and
I haven't even uploaded like the blog
hasn't even gone alive today with the
drone footage so I don't even know if
you guys like that kind of stuff yeah
hopefully you do because I really really
want to buy that John Howard ah guys
please persuade me in the comments - bye
and point it down but you don't need
persuades bit start otherwise I'm going
to go back and buy it so you can have
two controllers if you don't already
know one person like me flying it and
Shawn doing just the camera or the other
way around like love your outfit it's
amazing ah thank you so much let's take
yet
thank you what is going on over here
there's three people balancing on each
other gonna have to switch a room my hat
guys I look like an egg but the wind is
too much what is going on up here in the
film and I can TV show or something I
hear he's gonna have a guy on the
booster board for the very first time
yeah
can you skateboard no no that oh my gosh
okay I don't know whether this is a good
idea okay so you can't skateboards in
that Valley
this is going to be so day let me turn
the speed down yeah right
so you stand on the board if you press
this in you press this bit and then you
move the wheel forward goes forward move
the world back it goes back okay yeah
now be careful I don't when you had to
hurt yourself
lean forward this is on the slow setting
so there we go
yeah Andy's gone you've lost him now
he's going back to London all right it's
on speed number two that was good if you
like it I can't believe guys they're
taking this down it only had like a few
years least and now they're having to
destroy it and take it down that's so
sad I loved this wheel I've been on it a
couple of times Rizzoli oh right and you
got the wrong idea we should have kept
the wheel and not had this blooming of
the earth
3/6 holding sad times sad times
these things are crazy I don't know if
you guys are gonna remember but one time
myself my friend Max came and played is
it like mini golf or puttying or
whatever crazy golf that's the one we
came to play crazy golf here but only
half of the course was ready it just
been built when we came and it looks
insane
can we come soon Shaun we shouldn't play
it now because I know put Zoe all be
annoyed and poppy all be annoyed what
you pop down the stairs no no it comes
out the tunnel and you walk done that's
it though it goes up and down this is
the one we need to come back guys remind
me in the comments please remind me to
come back there I really really want to
go
it was so insane I would go now but I
feel like it would be a bit harsh on Zoe
and poppy because I know I know they'd
love this poppy would be the worst she'd
be so fluky though I know Zoe would this
is weird I played golf for three years
but I know what Zoe's like she'll let
you be like oh I don't know what I'm
doing
smack it and somehow it will be a
hole-in-one this is the coolest moment
ever seen
hey how you doing I love your t-shirt
what you guys are doing yeah and your
cases Roe jumped off of the board now
walking up to town Sean still riding his
it started to rain and it's got slippy
like my wheels just skidded out and I
nearly fell off but it's still good I
didn't fall over so I don't know if you
saw last night on Twitter but I've been
researching a couple of new cameras and
the new g7x the new canon g7x has just
come out and the quality looks
phenomenal and it's also a ton smaller
than this one so it'll be easier to fit
in my pocket so I looked on Amazon and
they've got a four week waiting list we
have to order four week delivery so I
hung up a ton of local shops seeing if
any of them had them in stock and just
by chance Jessup's which is brand new
had to been delivered today
I know I get a ton of new cameras guys I
know I do but it's my job making videos
and I always want the quality to be as
good as possible for you here we go
I've got something to show you we've got
carrots got carrot got the girl and I
was so excited I want to put a
side-by-side comparison in this video of
this camera there's this one that I'm
using at the moment once we go home and
I set it all up and everything hopefully
the quality is better otherwise I'm
going to cry was just jumped in a taxi
as you can see because it is a Chocolate
Rain all of a sudden the series come at
the shop it's raining so much then we've
had to jump in a taxi but we got we've
got a lot of boosted one done I'm
surprised how long they lasted and
they've still got like they've still got
four out of five charge left and we went
I caught him it's quite how far we went
it's time to have a look inside let's
test out this bad boy canon g7x mach 2
this is what we're here oh not that
there this is what what hey yo look that
look at this powershot g7x mark - I'm
just put some batteries in it are you
ready oh I need to set the time and date
one second why I switched it up this is
the g7x verse the g7x mark - boy the
quality so good the power shot g5x on
the left and the new g7x mark - on the
right everybody I've just got them on
auto at the moment so I haven't fiddled
around with anything Oh check this whoa
I'm glad we bought it yo ok g7 x g7 x
mark - g7 x g7 X Mark - never Nestle
Peter door mrs. look at her arms she's
literally it's like she's run like a
paddleboard or Sun they like body
boarding and her arms right in the water
like you know how surfers like go up to
see you and they're like that you know
sorry yeah you're so cute do you like
the new camera so he's had a haircut and
died today I look so good
like just stands out look at the new
camera look how clear that is
with my face we'll look at my hair I've
been wearing a hat all day we're heading
out into the garden to take some
pictures of Zoey's new where's she gone
oh you over there I was at worst fluster
oh go on get the shot get that some old
sexy various oh yeah
very sexy people are gonna think you're
being serious and then there's gonna be
loads of like loads of people who's
taking their pictures in town like for
those of you who wonder what I do with
this hot tub because I haven't used it
recently a deflated it and I'm giving it
to her family friends children they saw
it and they're like oh my gosh I want to
play with it so bad so I've said they
can have that so it's not going to waste
it's all been emptied yeah we haven't
used it in so long
so that I said that they can use it and
have fun getting bullied for wearing a
hat everybody
they've hit it off my head just because
both the girls got their hair done today
and now get them all so they're back
here look at Nala right literally got a
nappy also looks like you've got a ball
bag what is that there sorry that is
that's not even funny that's disgusting
sorry there's so much of the Jess okay
right let's stop let's open the source
box
we've just finished trying all of these
healthy snacks so normally it goes with
in this video but I haven't done that
today because that what you do why is
very like pretending to be there I'm
running away we tried with the healthy
snacks but it took like 15 or 20 minutes
so I filmed it for a separate YouTube
video for this channel and I'm gonna
upload it the same day so if you want to
see us trying all of those healthy
snacks and just messing around like we
ended up just burning in each other most
of the video then I'll leave a link down
below go check it out go show it some
love and yeah we've just ordered some
dinner poppy is cooking wait what were
you cooking your dinner poppy
B&C to help super-healthy at the moment
she's cooking hard enough asked me of
order to take away goodbye guys goodbye
bye bye bye goodbye bye bye
holding anything
oh no look a sleepy look a sleepy this
little one is retired right everybody I
am tucked up in bed look at this quality
that is absolute look at our Zoe it is
crazy though because the lighting isn't
good and the quality looks insane I hope
you've enjoyed today's video let me know
whether you think buying this new camera
was worthwhile I think on hundred
million percent it was this camera looks
incredible anyway so if you've enjoyed
the whole video had so much fun today
did you enjoy today you got your hair
done
it looks amazing pop it out the head
done looks amazing I haven't seen mums
hair yet apparently it does also look
amazing doesn't it good yeah if you've
enjoyed the video let me know by going
down below and hitting that thumbs up
button let's see how many we can get
you've got no target today just see how
many we can possibly get
remember also there's the extra video
tonight of us all trying the healthy
snacks and everything and I'll catch you
to all tomato bloom in exciting day I'm
going to London at lunchtime and then
just got so much busy stuff to do I've
got two meetings hanging out with Marcus
I've got a book launch in the evening
from the lean machine so we'll see a
load of youtubers their knowledge giving
me a cuddle
you can sleep right catch you guys
tomorrow
good I'm gonna have to try and start
doing that Jenny cuz I don't want to
damage this new camera I don't want to
go Diouf on it every night somewhere
near good night and put it on gently
like that anyways good night don't say
that just before we go we're very safe
we're very safe with them
