ready yo that's a toenail oh my god I
can't move my leg my weight gets away
from her
Bobby's got cramp everybody is okay yeah
will your toes like this you know if
you're going to go swimming and you for
your father more time real legs like
this
you know what's that over there
oh you know sometimes I used to wake up
in the middle of the night with Crum
because I used to that's a cool story
you know sometimes I used to wake up
with crown no but I was asleep I would
give myself crap because I would stretch
in my sleep
come around and leg cramp in the night
when you wake up you're like you guys
are weird I've never had done with a
name so I just wake up in the morning
feeling like P Diddy I don't really know
how to enter this I just want to review
this this source but is that the right
way up the source box but it normally
takes so long on this channel within my
daily vlog so I just thought why not
another I thought I just thought we'd
upload it as a separate video okay so
enjoy us trying all of the Saucebox
healthy snacks just let you know if I
have a my guys for this in my favor so
you can go check out those favorites
video if you want yes they have a bit
more information about what the source
box is because obviously we don't really
explain what it is in this video we just
eat it well we can't now Marcus and
Naomi have started a company and this is
it if you want more info go check out
those them and everyone really likes
when we try everything in it so we
thought we would make and it always
takes up so long with my daily vlog
normally like 15 20 minutes or so he had
the idea just put up a separate video on
this channel and I hope you enjoy if
enjoying it don't mind if you want more
views though I don't mind
oh no I then there would be my abuser be
your vision want me to link on my blog
I've got my Instagram
you guys idiot like to garnish our item
number one okay you ready well I did I
got okay I know I was even trying it
with us today
pricing number one you guys know it is
we don't even know what it is okay Oh a
bit scared about this one No por favor
oh yeah mmm
do you never do that like when you go to
eat something you give it those nips
yeah I did
no I'm not you keen on that I like I'm
right all right best week it's plantain
isn't it hmm
yeah baby yeah okay next item is this
Yogi Bear oh look at that comes your
pokemon card in it before start thread I
know look upside down shoot one of these
before
you get like a pokemon card but I'm
going Laver I love mango mango odd you
know we should do oh my god this is so
good so you're gonna like it
I don't want to be really cute making
the jump I like thank you it's really
nice
mmm drag a few okay yeah I like that
mm-hmm ready good I was gonna say we do
the drink busks reimburse I didn't buy
the drink surely you never you never not
funny I don't know why I did number
three so that's true ah come on water
yeah I am pretty fast day oh okay
oh my god ah nice good Wow
was it mmm that is so much a strawberry
dehydrated like no I did sugar gently I
don't know I always ripped a bit off to
the information I think I really like
them yeah I like them
these delicious leafy Kaori this is
gonna be popping a yellow crisps or they
like puffy as well that's just air smell
them fat and they flavor you know either
honestly take me a little bit Oh give us
the snake I packed up I'm a oh look a
nozzle I walked in that Shane smell
alert okay
he's coming back no they fell it looks
like seaweed I will try it get my own
stock team with their hope integer
mileage is not like the smell I like
this they good is actually good yeah I'm
a big one you know is that we do yours
yeah they are tomato in or about before
I like that do you know what they taste
like glitter meat sir hmm
yes I like them I really did not think I
would but I actually really like them
like little pizzas have you shut your
eyes like look like crisps no beads next
item everybody yeah
we've got a green piece of TNT oh yeah
hey guys around this looks a bit
interesting
I haven't and what's it got in here just
a no babe do you like my flapjack say
that let's pray again what is that hmm
strange that's quite good texture mmm
it's like crumbly you know he made
coconut and restaurant yeah thank God oh
yeah
coconut no no no no no no no the
aftertaste is strange
it's like powdery mmm I like the hit of
coconut at the start is there matter
it's hard
yeah that's why I like it so don't like
that chapter like that
Choya seeds and lime chocolate truffles
energized mm-hmm you ready feel like
these are all that energy things cuz
over there we're gonna be like buzzing
afterwards that running around on the
boosted boards booster board is this
boosting board you know that the onset
surfboard and I'm who's do board board
I think sagen Aly are on theirs are you
to you to shave I was like on base that
board isn't just a hobby it's a way of
life riding a beast rewards web life you
get it you get 400 I never liked that I
really don't care
dark chocolate tastes like something
familiar doc chuckling ah you like milk
drinking yeah I'm not UTI bite ya
not to keep I am like fasting I
shouldn't have got that call are you
ready t pigs matchy ah
he's gone fast yeah you go for super
power green tea drink just out of a cold
it's gone it
I've not expect him good that means it's
not a pop he doesn't like it yeah
although I think it'd be nice if ad
that's good I can do yes apple juice if
they had that ice in it and it was cold
he'll be so nice savages oh really
laughs it went for Zoey's reaction
before you wanted to have some Oh
distract him yeah just apple juice
that's a good way of getting your green
magic also no matter no matter like
wakes you up it's like I've been gone
then so you get up that more could you a
kind of caffeine natural flavonoid fix
yeah but you kind of cabbage you could
have dished it wake you up yeah yeah I
like that you can't taste anything about
from Apple it she just takes out apple
juice flavonoid oh yeah like that Mary
millet and berry fruit bites these are
gonna be delicious
he wants to go fast with these ones okay
okay
go what you want I'm really hungry or
what give me everything yeah what go
what - lady - um there's free of them
take it who is it - I reckon these are
gonna be good Wow intense flavor
mmm they're nice tonight I like that
it's like a cross between green oh I
knew I just like I don't really know
like food - from Holland about I like
all those get me some more ashy no thank
you I don't want to know either do them
but I could just sit there watch ed -
Nikki like fire package I like is these
are really good
I know labor yeah very melon and berry
fruit by Easter what's the company good
today
all in honor of Merit Finalist yes old
choice you know wouldn't you say yeah
you can't just eat choices like that
although I did one time we love you and
I didn't know what they were German we
should put them in a box okay thank
going oh thank you song Canelo yeah I
blow them on them I made like a smoothie
that I just pulled make one eat them
just like that yeah for their Chase has
ah you sure they're not just chains he's
just left in it Jay you've let your
speech mate let's see share feeds hungry
food go that's one for poppy poppy sure
yeah I actually a.m. yeah we know all
that looks good
just take a bite bite a gold bite when
you're feeling hungry grab a hand cream
I like naked buzz okay these are good
not that much favorite to it no they
tell ya it's kind of cardboard II but
the other one didn't really know I was
gonna say they taste like our own
grating little thingy balls that we made
hmm but there's Betty any part you
really like the inside the actual
product dates 50% almonds 16% cashews
11% oatmeal ten percent cocoa nibs five
percent sunflower seeds five percent
cocoa powder 1% and water I really like
obvious I like
because they're not fussy no I've never
had those ones I think you can read out
the other one I really like that
I'll ask oh I love Jets see it open on
that even state sweet or savory always
bake to never fried I reckon these are
going to be delicious
ya know when I can leave home just
before you eat app imagine that being an
old woman's toenail
oh why like why would you do that we'll
see on this name Margaret Margaret
hey I'm sorry Joey's mom stick hockey my
love's name love No Oh think about these
are all good I could just eat them all
day I could eat them whilst on my
booster board why don't you be a bit
bored
that's everything guys IFT and I you are
your favorite item they were they were
really nice
what would you buy again um by pi log n
this one no the coconut chips are always
my favorite these two line I like though
I really like to marry millet and very
fruit right I'm writing this cuz that's
a good read that's so good you know I
like that these were my I mean I like
yeah I like I need a habit where's that
I strawberries hmm we got things were
good the coyote okay if you don't make
the road yes we are you make quite a lot
huh yeah I like these so gone oh oh
bloomin heck okay hope you enjoyed the
video everybody I hope you liked that it
was a separate video just normally takes
so long out of my daily vlogs and so we
just said Pablo Diaz are separate then
so that's what we've done
I'll leave everyone's links down below
in the description go full of them all
go subscribe to more go check over there
start anything you want to say short by
my and see what you say see that guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
right so you can't skateboard not Valley
this is going to be so date let me turn
the speed down
