Oh ha
you did tired lick it ye on sorry I just
threw you on your back he tired he is
tired as me you just try to jet back
daddy
good morning guys good morning how on
earth you doing today we're in the Sun
we have come to stamina what is it
stamina or stammer stammer stammer Park
and the inverse then the in case you're
wondering it is an absolutely lovely day
we've got a picnic there is poppy Shawn
Zoe and myself and of course the two
doggies because Mom and Dad on we're a
mum and dad a holiday at the moment
Malaga
I'm the worst I've been away guys it's
not my fault I'm Jedi have no idea what
anyone has been up to we've got a picnic
in the Sun going on with the doggies it
is so lovely here look at this go buzzy
jump nyle is so scared of water puzzle
of Ceph yeah just let go she'll be fine
and she's gone how happy with your way
fuzzy are you gonna cool down a bit now
that better I got both for them I've got
you guys on like a massive where you go
ahead guys look what I've got with me
I've got my drone I think this is like
the best place we could possibly use it
as long as I don't crash it into someone
imagine if we land it on someone no
let's get it open
let's see what this is all about and
let's get it up in the air yo get out of
there
oh my gosh this controller is a
ridiculous okay I'm gonna plug it all in
put it all together and then I'll see
you in a second you excited let's do
this
I'm ready are you ready I think I'm
ready I'm just worried about the trees
and other people right you ready I'm
ready take our boy
yeah sorry cool isn't it
where are you going to take it I have no
idea that was sick like so insane this
is amazing right
papi and why let me quickly turn down
music papi and Zoey have headed back
home they're not staying there they're
just dropping the dogs back because ah
they're not staying there they're just
dropping the dogs back because they will
get an incredibly hot we're trying to
keep them sitting in the shade and
having lots of drinks but they were way
too excited running around in the Sun
chasing the drone so they've popped back
to drop the dogs home and then I think
they might even be grabbing a Nando's
and then coming back here I don't know
where Shaun's gone you just walked off
wait with where's he gone legit have
lost Shaun don't know where he is
probably climbing a tree or something
Shaun's back everybody are you ready the
girls are still gone so we're taking the
drone out we might try are you going to
do it yeah Shaun might try and fly it
there's cows over there this is his very
first guy kind you got this bro whoa
wait is the drone record n hit record on
the screen yeah whoo and it's lost
forever in the woods where is it there
it is can you guys even see it we can no
longer sit in the sky he's trying to
fight for the cows can you see them yeah
no way oh my gosh oh my gosh this is
crazy
wait are you by the cows
no you're not now I'm gonna try and just
lower it a little bit we try look just
to check there's a tree yeah check that
you're not near any trees not on my face
where the bloomin heck is you I can hear
it oh there it is
no way how was your first flight that
was good it's so good this is not in any
way sponsored but I just want to say
thank you so much to power because as
you guys know I nearly bought one of
these leveled in the Apple store and
then I didn't end up buying it and then
they sent me this one yeah this is like
the worst angle of me possible I don't
care because I've got some bad news
everybody as you would have seen the
footage did not record what the cow
interrogation was not caught on camera
you will not be able to see any cows
because I just downloaded all the
footage of the drone and it isn't there
how annoyed your first flight wasn't
recorded I have no words we have no
proof it was actually rubbish Sean
crashed drone went awful we didn't want
to put the footage in the large again we
literally flew it over someones bunkie
landed on a cow and then it so I'm
thinking let's just repeat the footage
let's just do it again Sean fly it over
there and we go and look I would show
you but it's so far away you're not
going to have to see the cows aren't
there that's the more but where they
gone they it's a feet but it's a field I
picked them up where are they hi you've
got a hook on the bottom the drone and
you drop them off somewhere else live it
serious where they gone I say we there
was cows all over that field the only
way we could find out where they've gone
it's the fire is if we fly our drone
over there if that car is out there
where oh there's a cow over there go
find that one cow no that's a person
Sean oh my god I was two people next to
each other I thought it was has to be
was to vex each other and then they
split apart where the bloody of these
cows gone I'm gonna attempt to fly the
drone over there and see where the cows
are just to show you
that the cows on I don't know what if it
doesn't record
all right towels yeah fine cow mission
but with a guy like that go get it go
get it
you
which meets a girl wait is anything near
me crap I mean if you can't see any of
that crap freeze right near me or holy
crap be careful we don't want to grab
 oh wait the signals gone no no can
you don't me that I can't no no it's a
neck thing three guys the signals gone
uh I so deals God but this isn't even
funny over I'm literally like two miles
away now feel chewy what do we do we
need to go get it
we can't both got we got picnic Joey
disconnecting how is it gonna cannoli
just run forward time for that you need
to go cows gonna be eating my drone up
Oh No Madison lose the drone maybe this
wasn't a good idea
I bet after all of this we don't even
have the footage either
what have we done you need to go get
that drone can we see it comes it ah
that's so annoying I'm around the corner
of it with an me go get it right we're
back up back up it's wrecking is it you
can't move it and you've gone up in the
air don't go up you'll lose it you lose
it you need to come back look it's true
come on come on Tara this change
haha you didn't lose it I was never
gonna lose yet usually land that now
don't you coming home you've got it
you got it back I hope that recorded I
didn't get chance to upload the progeria
before we left so I'm just uploading it
now and surprisingly I'm hot spot in my
phone it is a nine minute upload nine
minutes until it's up so it's going to
be up on time which I'm happy about
sorry again that there's no main Channel
video just having a time for the
travelling recently and I go away again
on Tuesday so well don't even know
what's gonna happen there the girls do
returned and they've bought a Nando's I
am so excited this is the life of the
dogs all good all chilled relaxing at
home so it's quite boobs out everyone
like another freaking hashtag get your
brother's dog boobies out the ring you
guys are all embarrassing to be around a
table hello was that all there's a bee
it was huge yeah it is such lovely
weather we're going to play toss ring
I'll wait I mean ring toss alright we're
gonna play it I'm going to set it up
over here remember last time we played
myself holy Sarah and J none of us got
the middle one right who's playing with
me are you guys playing is probably
asleep
come on get out let's play so you have
to stand behind this line and throw them
on there you ready ready ready hey who's
going you go first okay you throw all of
them see how many points you can go
that was the wind
Sean got 30 points come on no cheating
behind the line oh oh
Papa you're ten last one come on pop and
papi got zero cell phones those go now I
look at the wind
yeah helps you out you got 60
oh yeah fees we got a minute Michael and
I don't know why I wasn't recording papi
just nailed 50 I'm on 60 30 0 70 oh my
gosh Sean earning guys all days would
say dad you think we should go in the
shade no one's been listening to you now
you're bad it's my fault
did you put some cream on we're heading
off everybody the Sun is setting if we
got everything we have left any rubbish
nothing at all left it's actually as we
found it that's important always clear
where your rubbish everybody has the Sun
set yeah
oh no it's done in the sky behind me
it's like it's just up there
shiny half-past five facing the Sun
which means we could still boy get still
boosted we've come to a Bluebell forest
nicholae we just walked in it's already
covered in blue belt this place looks
amazing
you know much want to play paintball in
here oh I wish I got my drone and just
flew it through there I just walked into
all of that by accident
and now my legs are so itchy oh my god
all stinging nettles I hate you I hate
you and I hate you and I hate you
as always become one with nature we
found a new house are you nature
papi is taking like 400 million photos
guys I've got a plan you both ready
Shawn you ready let's just run away
leave her with the scary Slenderman
which are the Slenderman watch out Bobby
quick you got there you get the big guy
we've just arrived home and we're
rushing straight back now we've got the
doggies again these two being so cheeky
right now aren't you
you both trying to fight for one toy my
mum and dad have actually just landed
back and got wet and they are on the way
over here we're all going to grab dinner
together
you two are stayin here to do videos
blogs and stuff
yes Shawn and I are gonna head out on
the booster board don't say they say
that don't say that just before we go oh
we're very safe we're very safe with
them
these boosted boards are bloody scary
you're thinking to get in one be careful
Shawn how scary there you go these are
planning anything else nothing Shawn
wants to sit down
just heading back home everyone don't
tell Zoe I'm driving this in the road I
love that you don't have to walk uphill
oh my god this is the best thing ever I
never ever have to walk up a hill in my
life
dinner's arrived oh my gosh how was your
trip that was it good see I guess oh the
mine isn't here Thanks
well you're not taking bus home um is
what you're doing
no how does this sale going on in here
Oh Jen to slit your throat don't begin
uh Papa loves bacon
my voice had a joke growing up not
obviously cutting each other's actual
head off if you like that somebody's
thought your finger
what who's leaving
who's leaving
mum's leaving bye mam what is going on
in here
the dogs are going crazy stop my god my
baby are okay you can take own mum you
can wear it to the gym Darla the dogs
this sokham is first you need to go home
of your mum what are you two doing now
you got Bobby that's hot water no Raj is
back on guys we have had no boiling
water or hot water or anything we've had
to have showers of probably assurance
for the last two days guys the board's
back on well I'm going your blog so I
didn't see ya good bye guys wait there
it is
oh no that's poppies oh is that
the kids sick again get out get out see
you the gym jokes not coming ha yeah
that was an intense slit in the gizzard
session so I mean my dad used to call it
growing up Reese's like this to each
other with our hands as slick is that
sounds so much worse guys I did not have
a weird upbringing it is ha ha ha I
don't know I don't even don't think we
can try to explain how you doing Missy
everyone's gone now everyone's gone so
we go to bed today has been a bloomin
good one like oh my gosh I wish it was
sunny more often in the UK days like
this are just so productive and so fun
have you had fun today little one
yes look at all the food that we had all
the mess left over Ola hello ok guys I'm
going to end my vlog in here forgot
toothpaste where my mouth I'm gonna and
my blood in here thank you so much for
watching today I know this block was
going to be incredibly long so thank you
so much for sticking to the end if
you're still watching this right now
you've lost it through the entire vlog
give the video a thumbs up to let me
know I will catch you tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe down below tomorrow
it's going to be a fun day so get ready
and I'll see you then good guys are is
naked in the shower singing Justin
Bieber
