what use again guys are is naked in the
shower
singing Justin Bieber morning guys good
morning I am back in Brighton I didn't
vlog like getting off the plane and
getting home and having a shower and all
of that because I literally look dead
and I still kind of look dead now but
anyways
I'm a puppy insurance now I've just
opened I brought over my booster bullets
I'm so excited to use them I'll just
open them both that got them here Sean
are you ready to go boosting yeah hey
buzzy boy you tired today yes yes I'm so
ready I'm ready
woah they're like trampolines luminate
look at that bounce you boosted boards
here they go here are the little things
that you use as well
guys we've just got to the feed
instantly Sean for his speed up to three
out of four yo check that Ferrari
trumpet is speed up to three out of four
press the trigger down and just went
astray Oh straightaways that follows I
wasn't leaning forward you have to leave
oh my injury just won't move good night
there's so fast everybody literally I
might scare here we go
I know I say this a lot but Brighton is
the best place to live ever when it's
sunny little short is just Gordon
sitting down
I'm rolling back at the moment this is
currently up a massive steep hill whoa
oh my gosh
yeah sure it's just coming up Eliza like
what you never ever have to walk up a
hill again I can literally just stand on
this oh my gosh we've come out for lunch
everybody looks I for lunch so excited
sorry my gosh this most think rentable
house this is your spot happy we just
finished up lunch how was that I know
it's sunny I put you guys in the shade
boosted boards are amazing so happy that
I got a booster board I'm terrified if
you on how happy they've got booster
bites so good but like a really cool
like jump Ian thing are you kiddo
we're gonna put the little window down
have you guys seems very stretchy
there's our we show them your tattoo
which one is fun have you guys seen that
so he's got a tattoo it's real girl no
way I'm running
they can tattoo written 20 24 karat gold
ah don't do that sorry it's quite a few
hours later guys we've been home from
the beach just been chilling edited and
uploaded my daily vlog sorry that it was
late but I just wanted to wanted to
chill today and then just enjoy the day
and make a good vlog for you so that you
can enjoy this video and it's not just
me I hope editing all day and sleeping
often trying my best to not sleep
because obviously last night I only got
through enough oh ok because last night
I already got a few hours sleep and and
then I ended up waking up at like what
would be 5 a.m. in New York and like
yeah Jen I jet lag then you having this
paused Zoey night zombie and i-49 I know
Zoey and I wanted to watch britain's got
talent together but i needed to edit my
upload my daily vlog has been paused for
now 50 minutes for me whilst min editing
uploading so hope you enjoyed the vlog
because it means that the that were 15
minutes they fortune this nyhavn emma
dinners oh he's finished eating her
dinner and I haven't even started eating
mine I'm tripping upstairs edited so got
a wagon one mistake away whoa miss Wagga
members how bad is it an entire
chocolate frog at one o'clock in the
morning Zoe in our limit debate about an
hour ago and I'm kind of just I don't
know why I'm just challenging myself to
stay up as late as possible because I'm
just scared if I get to bed by the way
the time is currently 5 minutes to 1:00
in the morning because of jet lag I'm
kind of just worried that if I go to
sleep I'm gonna wake up I like 4 o'clock
in the morning and be wide awake so I'm
trying to stay awake as much as possible
so if I sleep like 6 or 7 hours I at
least wake up over like a respectable
time that this is all I can think about
right now I really really want to eat it
there's two issues with it number one
it's not mine
I actually I bought it for Zoe about a
week ago number two is that it's 5 to
1:00 in the morning I should not eat
chocolate that late at night all I can
think about is riding my booster board
along the beach that's literally it I've
just messaged short and said can we go
rock climbing
booster boarding and drone flying
all in one day soon I still haven't used
my drone like I need to use it guys oh
I'm fully aware that today's vlogs been
a little bit short but I'm bad that
don't know what else to say about that
because I've literally I landed this
morning and then I just been like
catching up with Zoe and Nala and poppy
and Shawn and hanging out and I'm so
happy to be home like I love traveling
don't get me wrong but there's nothing
like sleeping in your own bed with a
girlfriend being with your dog your
family your friends and yeah
I don't know I'm just really really
happy and you know it adds to it the
fact that I got a blooming boosted board
like I know I'm gonna end up well guys
thank you so much for watching I hope
you've enjoyed the video I hope you guys
are loving all the new beanies and
everything why don't just hit myself on
the head
hope you're loving the new beanies let's
go for a boosted boarding session along
the beach or the park or somewhere
tomorrow super super fun I'll catch it
early
I'm gonna bleep I am NOT gonna eat this
not because it's 1:00 in the morning but
because it's Zoey's and I feel bad if
she woke up tomorrow and I was like hmm
go ahead at your whole job leg that I
bought you all the way from Orlando
could be very fair anyways did I say
give the video comes up already if I
didn't you guys know what to do go show
it some love smash the like button smash
the subscribe button I'll catch you
tomorrow good any more you love that sad
face nap Jack my mum's showing pictures
to way when you're over who's that okay
