good morning guys good morning good
blooming morning it is a good morning
today how are you doing best full-backs
in cartoons in oh wait there's no Sun
because I'm in New York and there is Sun
in Brighton zoe has been texting me
pictures of her and NOLA have been like
mocktails some non-alcoholic cocktails
in the garden relaxing in the Sun it's
like 22 degrees in Brighton the vlog has
just finished uploaded now I'm so
excited for you guys to see this one is
literally the craziest video I've
uploaded in so long like yesterday I
don't if you saw the book if you haven't
please go check it out like a ton of
youtubers got hypnotized hypnotise
hypnotise that's the one hypnotise and
it was ridiculous like joey graceffa
legit didn't know his name he thought
his first name was e-i-e-i-o instead of
like oh my god
anyways everybody today is a bloomin
good day today is a very exciting day
for you because not only to the PB
hoodies and jumpers go fully back in
stock and the iPhone cases so everything
is in stock right now down below but a
new item has just arrived to my hotel in
New York it's been sent over to me from
London I've been preparing this product
for months like so long I had it made
didn't like it had it remade
I didn't like it again I've been using
the product without the PB logo on it
for like literally I'm talking most days
now and you guys haven't even caught on
you don't even know about it so I need
to go pick up this exciting product it
is for sale right now down below on PB
merch go to UK buy it's gonna sell out I
think this is gonna be like the biggest
hitting product I've got I think you
guys are going to prefer this even over
the hoodies and that because this is I'm
so excited I'm so excited for this
product I cannot wait to like to go
downstairs and pick it up now it arrived
yesterday at 8 a.m. I completely forgot
to pick it up yesterday oh my gosh it
literally it's gonna set out like it is
first I haven't even told you what it is
go down below go check out what it is I
need to go pick it up it's also midday
11 minutes to 12:00 and I haven't even a
breakfast yes my stomach is like Oh
like godling I am so hungry
thank you
guys it's finally arrived literally it
looks like it's a pizza it's a lot of
business I promise you it's not
we're just on pizzas yeah look it is
he's awake finally nothing on a school
in that is this the hot chocolate place
that you've all told me about what for I
may be completely wrong but I feel like
it is we have no idea where we're going
we walked over to Union Square now we're
just walking around the doesn't seem to
be any like coffee shops or anything
know where to get food there was a
Wendy's an attack about I don't really
want to eat that kind of food saying
that everybody Ginny has saved us but
what school do you go to I got a person
okay then she's just around the
corner actually he's retired or the
moment they're hanging out oh really
yeah they're in for breakfast this
morning Wow we've now got some help on
the breakfast hunt we've been walking
around not knowing where to go
buggy you're gonna save us
yeah yeah oh yeah this is good have a
lovely day
massive coffee wake me up and there
sooner renamed to sandwich guys there's
some cute little quotes on the stairs
dreams are necessary to life good things
happen to those who hustle alright we
finished my coffee we're gonna pop into
zoomies I've heard of it but I've never
been what's new clothes everybody and a
new bag basically the same as this bit
in white all right this is funny one
right in there I hate it yeah you love
it so much thanks man just bumped into
John Casper who were also on the way to
the same shoe shoppers us go hit the
road yeah that is beautiful look at that
this school bus just beeped to us is
because he's fallen asleep at the wheel
oh my gosh that is so dangerous variety
how everybody I am currently back in my
hotel room I'm just getting dressed a
little bit get in a bit changed because
tonight we're heading to brandcast which
is basically like a massive show that
YouTube's put on and I think this is
even like a red-carpet bit which I'm not
really too keen on red carpets I don't
know whether I'm like I have no idea
what's gonna happen we just get a few
happens I've never really liked nice
clothes to put on so nice bit of hair so
I still need to do my hair and stuff but
I am just want a plain black t-shirt
playing back jeans you know but it is
time to look inside the package and see
what the new merchandise is how do I
like rip this open with one hand I don't
know I'm gonna put you guys there so I
can open it up okay are you ready you've
probably seen what it is by now from
like social media or like something I
know what you guys are like let's rip it
open
oh I don't think you're ready for what
you are about to see okay go I'm so
bloomin excited about this product view
are you ready 3 2 what probably like
waking everybody up wait why are you
waking them up they're not asleep if
this is during the dumb allowed to be
loud right we have got brand new you
guys have seen do you recognize this
like look at this this is a beanie that
I've been wearing secretly or not
secretly I've been wearing it in my
vlogs for like months and months and
months look back at all my videos I've
been wearing this but this is what it
haven't been wearing the P B logo so I
got these made up basically at first the
first samples I got this logo was
massive so the who's ringing me la la at
first what
I can't take it up friends dead at first
this logo was too big so that fold on
the Hat had to be absolutely massive
like that so then I had to get the hats
all remade and everything and now it is
like the perfect site so there is
officially officially P B beanies as
part of them I'm so excited I wear
beanies you guys see I wear beanies like
most days and now we officially have PB
merch beanies for so and if for sale
right now this is this is so much oh my
look at this is so much better
yeah I'm like so it oh my gosh guys I'm
so gloomy excited we've got PB much
beanies we've got bees we've got bees
because we've got the foodies are back
and struck the jumpers back us off do I
wear it here or so I put the logo on the
side I did oh my go look at the fit the
fit of the Hat is so good that's one
thing that I focused on so hard with
this beanie I wanted to make sure that
the actual beanie itself was like really
really good quality like a good color
line look at that speckle gray everyone
loves speckle gray and the print of the
logo is just so sick look at that PB
these are available like I said right
now like literally that is available
right now link is down below I'm not
going to keep them going on and on and
on set from I am so excited that these
are finally here and now I can finally
wear them I can actually wear them in my
own videos I think I'm ready to leave
I've just put my new shoes on as well
which I'm so excited to I bought them
today I really really want to wear
beanie because I'm just so excited that
they're fine I've got three of them here
but I don't really think Abby Nia's red
carpet attire like I feel like if I walk
up to the red carpet with a beanie on
everyone will be a bit like does he
realize that this is a red cop I need to
leave I'm writing I'm not half an hour
late I'm so excited for tonight are you
ready let's go have some fun just got
down to the bus and I forgot my pass to
get in to the
thing river neck even though it's 35
minutes late somehow the bus is still
here did you enjoy oh really so what
we're gonna do when we get there I think
or something or do we need that I don't
have that you want me to give you a
shout-out then you can come on join me
to shout you out then you can come on
everyone subscribe to Jesse then he
might be allowed on the bus you ready
for the red carpet Casper no I'm
shooting myself
alright we're heading out now everybody
oh my gosh look at all of this that is
crazy it's almost too beautiful but I
feel like I can't take one these are
amazing look at that rainbow sprinkles
how happy
is crazy oh my gosh
it's good so you know the presence I've
been speaking about it's arrived
you should always put on the check out
all the best
it's
my text message
last hope to impress this girl he's
gonna wear shoes you got this job that's
what you need to blog this bro from
skating shoes you're strangely good why
you good at this I have no idea
panty were trying to head to an
after-party you got this there's a limo
here with nothing I don't know whose
limo is no that's not ours
who's the driver at any moment I'm going
to 48 white guys regardless Joe Tom come
on we got this you ready
I told you we got they're coming down we
got in the limo down the road boy oh boy
get that bum in there bro we're heading
out to the after party tonight ray this
is my light rain is Right see bonafide
limos I've never ever sent sideways and
I'm gonna go over here we pay you to let
this be your on YouTube now you happy so
the party upstairs is a ridiculously
busy like so so busy that I haven't even
gone up Jonah and Vic and Tom have just
gone up now Casper's come down how many
over there
like shoulder-to-shoulder so we're gonna
head back to hotel I need to edit my
blog that was gonna edit his blog as
well chuckles going to edit his blog now
it's gonna head back out jump in a new
van and kind of order some food
here we go guys
hey man hey den yeah I will catch you
tomorrow
cacciatore boy I know you need to go
edit your blog goodbye
have a lovely evening just put my braces
in brush my teeth and I'm gonna end the
vlog here because I need to edit this
rug that you're watching right now
to be able to get up on time tomorrow I
literally can't even explain how excited
I am that these beanies are finally out
like that right oh my gosh they are
available right now to order as I said
earlier on this morning be quick if you
want one because you guys shocked me
every single day like I feel like I
order enough of every product and then
it just sells out within like a minute
so beanies and jumpers and hoodies are
all in stock right now everything
everything is in stock right now to
order but every time I put anything on
sale it just sells out and I don't
understand that like you guys are
ridiculous so if you want one of these
go get it right now guys and I hope you
love it as much as I do because I know
that I'm just gonna be wearing it
literally every single day like I'm
gonna wear this beanie most days of the
week because it's just bloomin awesome
and it's the PB logo like it's our
community it's our family it's the it's
the thing that we've been building
together over the last nearly seven
years now and as usual if you see
anybody wearing one of these in the
street please go up to them and say yo I
watch out as well how you doing let's
hang out let's talk that what are you up
to like I don't know I want you guys to
like recognize other people that wear
this much in the street and go make
friends go chat to them and just go and
go and let them know that you're there
for them I'm rambling on I'm gonna go to
sleep now guys thank you so much from
the Lovins
give the video big old thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I've I love how I ended up
getting in a limousine tonight like an
actual limo to go to a party and then
didn't even end up going to the party
and then endo come back to my hotel
instead and now I'm just going to sleep
instead I'm gonna get up super early
tomorrow and go for breakfast with Casey
nice tat and then it is the big reveal
of the two presents that I've ordered to
his office tomorrow they arrived today
so give the video a thumbs up you
excited to see what those are and I'll
catch you tomorrow
