good morning guys good morning good
morning good morning and welcome to New
York now I'm so sorry that there wasn't
a video yesterday I did in fact blog the
day but it was just the most boring
thing in the world because all of doom
was sitting on him
it was just text me my sister I was just
sitting on a plane all day that's
literally all I did and then I went to a
party in the evening the music was so
loud that I didn't even bother vlogging
I didn't want to upload something that
was just really dull and boring and slow
so I missed yesterday but today we're
kicking it off in New York City guys we
are in the people in the rooms next to
me probably with the bloomin arrows I
could doing actually they're probably
not because the entire hotel is full of
you like there are so many youtubers
here we've got Tyler Oakley Connor
Franta prankvsprank Casey nice tat
Louise Joe
oh my they're so like there is so so
many I'm forgetting loads I'm superwoman
maimry hart fixed our ally yet like
there's 150 youtubers just in this hotel
alone I'm in New York for a YouTube or
they call it the YouTube creator summit
YouTube flyout supposedly their top 100
I don't know like just a load of
youtubers they fly out to America and
they basically put on a show I did it
last year and I've vlogged it you'd
remember when I saw Bruno Mars and Snoop
Dogg and where's Anderson anyways this
year they're doing it again and it's
going to be amazing I'm so so excited
we're kicking off today with the creator
summit day tomorrow as a brand cast day
I would just come along on the journey
and enjoy it there's going to be so many
youtubers in my videos so I know you
guys are going to love it also we were
in New York put them in New York so
we're gonna have so much fun the time is
currently 819 in the morning I woke up
at 7 a.m. I think I beat jetlag like I
think I've just fully beaten out work of
a 7 a.m. this morning really really good
I plan to go out and explore and then I
kind of ended up getting stuck in the
black hole of YouTube videos
watch back-to-back-to-back videos all
morning so I kind of need to get some
breakfast I think we leave here at nine
o'clock to get there but I don't even
know what's going on basically I need to
get dressed and I need to eat some
breakfast I hope you're having a lovely
day everybody let me know we up during
the comments let me know how you're
feeling I attend
hopefully it's above a seven because I'm
very like a nine right now
hi there could order some food please I
was just thinking maybe some like
scrambled eggs and bacon okay yeah
that's cool thank you so much can I get
an orange juice as well yeah an orange
juice thank you so much yeah that's all
oh maybe a coffee
you do want thank you have a great
morning Bay breakfast is going to take
up to 40 minutes maybe half an hour and
I have 32 minutes until I should leave
the room hello hey what is it yeah for
me definitely from you definitely not
from YouTube you know got a bath no I
just had to wash you my toast it this
morning
joking you are weird what is in here
let's have a look Oh chocolate orange
that's a fancy one again yes oh my
breakfast has arrived guys in perfect
time I've got scrambled eggs bacon toast
and some little chips orange juice Anna
coffee
Louise has moved all of my room around
to try and get one good selfie the
Lighting's horrible you know we can't do
it when we're outside no I like the way
she's like moved everything around
how's your morning going good you happy
to be in New York no you have it these
guys are idiots I can see you in the
mirror oh no they've left the hotel room
what a shame
okay I'm just going to I'm just gonna
have to go that was so scary guys don't
do that to me mirror
blitzie you hiding behind the curtain
what do you know I was lost that the
other day Joanie do you know I was
laughing at the other day your dime
window trick ha ha I know it's Joe's ear
everybody excited for New York yeah I
think New Yorkers Oh Holly gentleman you
lit click with me sorry actually got
through the lipcott yes sir anyways
should we go we're only about 20 minutes
late everybody
Oh will you go on a legend would quit si
si oh hey hey oh ha hoo nice all right
come on get out with him get out get out
Oh swim at me with your foot it's true
thank you so much thank you just find a
bed for my shuts water Louise let's go
ourselves Jamie globe remembers everyone
is about to start heading in now Louise
get the best seats possible Casper's
finally arrived give me my dear he won't
got five minutes to go god I'm in
addition if it goes in the floor
we get to relive a lot this day can help
you please
basically like to do Marcus
Oh
Oh fucker
everybody's lunch time we've been given
some weird oh here we go
I think this is what it says what it is
oh is it ships a song I have no idea
what it is is it ship sink ah it's a six
o'clock is it no it sounds it that's
like a salad like whether we're the
thinnest with nothing inside
what is this it please warm up to the
very top
that's a good picture did you choose
that song for you to not choose that
song whoever chose it is very why do you
feel like it represented here we all
like to work right there's a power to
don't kick that you can't remember to
take a dodge kentukcy one of this
somebody who's that if you do snow moist
it'll individual just kidding are tasty
and do me a favor everybody stand up for
me so stare straight ahead just for a
moment I'll count to three we got
perform on I do reach me all you have to
do is just close your eyes that's all
I'm going to ask you to do one two and
three
close your eyes good open the back up
they go there's no motion potion magic
pixie dust Harry Potter's not gonna run
on stage with a magic wand there is no
feeling with hypnosis all hypnosis feels
like is what you imagined it to be just
allow yourself to relax mopping the
chopper warrior disturb you don't worry
about anybody in the room do not worry
about the person sitting next to you put
your hands on cross some amount and just
begin to relax just being custom that in
tune to the sound of my voice in a few
months I'll count to three one more time
this time I'll do reach three so you
take a deep breath in this time when you
breathe in I rise to close and when you
breathe out I like a heavy head to rest
down to your chest
once again I'll count to three the
popper for when I do reach through your
Center tickety breath in when you
breathe in allow your eyes to close and
you breathe out a very heavy head to
list down to your chest one two three
breathing close your eyes and breathe
out just below you have a head to rest
onto your chest palpable chopper warrior
still you can just relax this one too
through just finally muscle tissue there
are clinics piece and think nothing more
troubling underserved you in any way
keeping your eyes closed at all times
will stay in your chest it's always why
can have an imaginary seatbelt attention
future your check even your setting at
all times around a few moments I want
you to understand I'll be introducing
myself to you you'll have chance to
introduce yourself to me now what you
understand if you ever hear me say the
word sleep no matter whether your eyes
are open your I suppose if you ever hear
me say the words sweetie no matter
whether your eyes are open or closed
your eyes won't need to be closed you
sit down in your chair just have to rag
doll but for my pectin all eyes opened
up season everybody you guys don't have
a rest is to develop my friend you can
eyes appealing to somebody until you go
from it
I mean Los Angeles is he just from Joe
oh I hope I got important linguistic
Amanda listen learn sleep instrumental
no way jump up mister mom as a Sigma D P
go close your eyes deaqon welcome
right in there
what's your understanding exile summers
day you're all in New York City you just
bought yourself a lovely mr. blipping
mr. Softee mr. fluffy ice cream I want
you to understand about 95 degrees it's
beautiful in the city here here in the
heat of summer you going to get that ice
cream in your hand with your eyes closed
were looking as fast as we can
perhaps sleeve dishonesty promoters the
young farmers today you're on a farm you
getting ready to milk a beautiful cow no
in a second you'll see that here in
front of you you're going to get that
cow me your milk it as fast as you can
to get that beautiful built out of the
cow in your eyes you have up that count
as soon as you look at how you'll feel
better about yourself everybody goes
with your eyes closed one two three
account look look look
ah just push that counter by nice push
on camera this one gets many camera the
Vics many camera that case of things
pull up next money County between now
and the point of me feeding disability I
want to know you babies eieio should
everybody ever ask your name is
completely e-i-e-i-o knock your head
against an azure first level as well as
an always a whirlwind but what I'm
touching now something really weird is
happening to you if I want you to
understand every time you hear piece
take YouTube every time when your eyes
are open you hear me say YouTube you
realize wouldn't immediately sprout out
of your back if you understand you
really are the one and only Tinker Bell
just for the person I'm touching now
I'll turn around you have that famous
disease called tongue-tied mouth disease
I want to drive this map at this point
for every time you tried talking
television you dropped some polls a B
matter just gets in the way is asking
benign but what I want you to stand and
face everybody and sometimes Evers have
you take a deep breath in
tunnel fall I'll even further do the
first and last day but you want to be
good speak but you know Sigma yeah
totally yeah hey I am it is my mom
what's your middle name
sure - gentlemen do me a favor if you
mister regular just say your first thing
you did Elaine you last night
yeah I know I owe you so much yeah yeah
- mortality are
I told you he's a cloud and sleep just
relax but I'll give you go to the
bathroom yeah but it really does not
work as effective as if it was stream of
focus I've realized I've logged
absolutely nothing so Paul you almost
forgot
well thumbnail Joey Graceffa all's and
gets hit by a car
yeah I'm gonna need umbrella
although you did fool early on in my
video I filmed everything oh my god
every how was it can you explain how it
was this because I've never ever
believed in that stuff and then when I
saw it happening and you're like
straight up like on the floor it's not
what you think it like when you think it
was me for what is that hypnotist yeah
do you think oh you become a zombie in
your life is mindless but it's not like
you're pulling on trance but like you're
just like for open possibility
will you just do what they say yeah and
you don't know why yeah
so you're still awake you're still
knowing what you're doing yeah I can't
help but do it
it's almost like if you've ever liked
fly I guess people have done that a
virgin like when you're sleeping you're
just going to really relax see you mom
yeah sometimes oh he's asleep I'll talk
to her and she'll reply but she doesn't
remember she doesn't
we have conversation yeah so kind of
like that Daniel asked me before and I
feel like here the human inside now and
it scares the crap
I'll have full-on conversations Oh Zoey
I've even let's get better like there we
go I've even recorded like conversations
oh no my mobile more go on boy okay you
might go to Kuchar out I want to see and
yeah I've had like the weird it's
conversations she doesn't matter in the
morning yeah so strange
anyways the creator day is like finished
out times we put a headed back to the
hotel and hurry we're going to go get
some drinks I feel like they haven't
properly eaten today I've just eaten a
snap you know I want to go watch some in
New York where and you can take me we
can go together only go to town tower
gap yeah I read you only got Joe wants
to go out so he's doing okay
sometime hey I didn't just jumped out of
my car now I am walking the rest of it
because New York traffic is ridiculous
so I expect to be having dinner with
everybody at the YouTube thing but there
won't be any time between that and the
party tonight to get changed if I have
dinner there so I'm coming back I'm
heading back to the hotel now I'm going
to go freshen up do my hair because I
believed you had a hat on all day and my
hair looks ridic
yes and I don't have to wear this hat to
the party tonight and then I'm going to
go grab dinner with like dorm and Lucy
some of the Glee managers I honestly
have no idea where my hotel is I think
it should be just down this way but I
don't know oh man yes there is nothing
better than coming back to a fresh bed
oh my gosh just had a little freshen up
which basically meant I've done my hair
and taking my hat off and I've seen this
here little card and prisons I have no
idea I'm guessing this is from Eugene
because they love to spoil us this our
that's for tomorrow brandcast hey hey
hey the fun is not over yet then they've
given me two little packets of oh wow
this looks delicious this one just looks
at chocolate yo what oh my god I was not
expecting that I don't know ever spin it
out or not that is basically nuts
covered in like Marmite or something mmm
never tasted something like that before
okay full another finger Oh nearly got
shot in guys my uber is outside lobby
lobby lobby this is a pluming cool light
is now right I'm off to go get some
sushi for dinner then going to a party
let's go I don't man you get oh this is
mobile driver everybody what's your name
missiles it's serious lovely to meet you
yeah
how's your day going good yeah good Oh
nearly fell over getting in that's a
good start oh yes you got the Justin
Bieber on yeah you like your Justin cost
you
yeah thanks yeah you've got all the good
songs oh yeah here we go yeah Lucy get
the picture oh yeah that's an Instagram
joey said i have left the party i should
I was way too loud yeah it was so loud I
blogged like just the dancefloor it was
so loud like you couldn't speak
we're like shouting in each other dears
we've come back to the hotel now and
we're going to get some food and just
gel
I am absolutely knackered everybody oh
my gosh I've just eaten too many burgers
a ton of fried chicken a ton of hummus
and dips and basically had two dinners
tonight as I said I left that party
super early guys because I just didn't I
wasn't like energized enough I wasn't in
the dancing mood and the music was so
loud and like Drake and stuff like that
you had to be in like the right mood to
be able to be there and I was just in
like a tired I want to eat and drink
water and sleep kind of mood so myself
Joey and Stacy just headed back here and
we just chilled hung out we went up like
YouTube has like a penthouse room
upstairs which is like the top floor it
awesome the view is insane and they've
basically got that room full of like
chairs and sofas and we Ella the food
and all the food is on them every food
and drink ordered up there they pay for
so thanks YouTube for my second dinner
tonight
for now I'm just back in bed and I am
like ready to sleep I don't even know
what the time is 122 the time is 122
today's vlog was just mad like that
hypnotizing hypnotizing hitman hypnotise
in hip nit I don't even know was in sane
like I don't believe in that store I do
believe in that stuff I've never
believed in that stuff up until today
I've always been very just like until I
see it happen on somebody that I trust
and I know isn't lying to me or myself
definitely not myself actually because
I'm so scared of that kind of thing I
wouldn't let anybody do it in my head
I'd be like it's not gonna work not
gonna work it's not going to work and
then it wouldn't work and you have to
kind of like allow it to happen do you
have to want it to work for it to be
able to work but as you saw it happen to
my actual friends who often speak into
them alike
that legit work like I actually couldn't
like it blew my mind I don't know how
that stuff works it is in the human
brain is scary it just makes me think
like what would have happened today if
that guy obviously he did and obviously
he never would but imagine if he said to
like Joey when he was under when he was
like asleep or whatever it is in a
trance go and stab somebody would Joey
have done it like not knowing that he
was gonna buy that stuff scary everybody
I don't like it I'm gonna head to sleep
everybody thank you so much for the
support and all the love that you give
me every single day every single day in
and day out for the thumbs up for the
lovely comments for my tweets my
instagrams my snapchat everything I love
you guys so much fold at the support you
give me and hopefully I can one day
somehow whether it's through videos or
through meeting you or I don't know I
hope that someday I can return all of
the support and the love that you give
me and give something worthwhile back in
your life whether that's some support
wherever that's some encouragement to do
more for makes you happy and get out
there and explore the world and have fun
and make a positive impact on other
people's lives and I feel like I'm just
waffling on now being you know what I'm
saying
I just want to say thank you so much for
everything you do for me because hanging
out of all these amazingly talented and
successful youtubers just shows me how
amazing this community is that we have
and I'm so thankful to be part of it
give the video a big old thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and we're gonna get it
we're gonna get up to a lot of fun
tomorrow I'll catch you then good night
how cute knowledge me oh oh and there's
only say hmm
naked you tired no one
