you know this is heavy for a couple of
days we're off to Scotland today somehow
before we even left it started snowing
if it's cold hit you know cold it's
gonna be up and Scotland you guys
probably can't even see the snow in the
video but look no you probably can't see
it anyway so just bring all of our bags
in the car we'll meet and Mark at the
airport that's never gonna close yeah
no watch that you ready watch it get
rejected
take two come on come on you got this
hey just doing the final checks making
all the alarm systems and everything are
turned on if I sound a little bit less
be today I got my braces in and they're
like super tight are you ready I'm ready
you ready ready goodbye house my house
farewell see you in a couple of days I
didn't bring a coat and we're going up
to Scotland and it's already snowing
down here I've kind of done it on
purpose because I want a new coat and if
I don't bring one then I have no choice
but to buy a new coat I don't have that
smart or stupid I'm surprised that we
haven't got one of these outside our
house yet
next year
see you ned in bra
Cheers thanks so much go on boy come on
we've got ten minutes till I get to cord
just want myself a new little tripod for
this camera because this one is broken
waters of water
I'm just looking at this new camper
talking about how here the image is I
love it I actually love it it's a lot
cleaner than I am
this is throwing it on every time yes I
just call it out
some reason it was six-pack okay you
ready everyone fighting under the seat
in front of you it is cold
go see your breath see chuffing way
beyond we're inside yeah and you can see
my breath the question is does anyone
else have a jelly Willie
taste available attributes mine's
actually not even chilly because I have
also got my long johns on have you got a
cheery whinny
we just drive where we're staying for
the next couple of days and this place
is crazy like Zoe booked it I didn't see
anything at all what it was like until
we literally arrived leave it a poppy
neva Dashon needed mark so as a complete
surprise one thing that's so simple but
I think is one of my favorite things is
this like curved wall and the doors like
the ensuite is in here for this room but
the doors are like actually curved
themselves but then if you can see that
it's so cool so that then they sink into
like the actual shape this is basically
our room this is where so Anaya stayin
I'll show I'll show you a door properly
later on in the vlog or something I
think we're about to head out now then
go grab some food pop out to a little
coffee shop or something hopefully pop
back to a shop as well and try and get
me a coat because as you know I didn't
bring a coat with me it just bloomin
cold like so so cold I definitely should
have bought coat with me everyone warned
me and I didn't listen
I didn't bring a coat I know we're gonna
have to pop there now well yeah I'm
gonna switch over to this camera whilst
we go out you've got so many layers on
if you fit in with all of those layers
on that is ridiculous this is like I
think you will you know would be one
like snake charmers get in there mark
I've lost though E and then away she's
gone
you look like a bowl no way and then
just hanging you on the whole like a
Christmas decoration you like one of
those sweet harmonies what they called
oh my gosh Sylvania family probably do
mean the Sylvania noise the hood desert
is freezing I don't even have a hat with
me Edinburgh is one of the most
beautiful cities I've ever been to but
I'll be like look at this building here
the architecture the design is just on
point unbelievable come on guys come
straight out for some lunch cheers guys
not that we haven't just done this and
I'm just uploading the new vlog as well
thank you amazing in your mouth should I
break it in half
Oh oh my god it balanced Dow it's got
chili in it apparently the chocolate
score J I get that hot where's your hat
Oh ed to hold your hand I was like what
is going on oh is up here
the internet was super slow in that
place so I'm popping off to the Apple
store to go and upload this is not
something that I want to be doing
they're not definitely not going to be
doing every single day because because
last time I went to the Apple store when
I was in Edinburgh we all know what
happened literally shut the place down
there was so many of you wait in there
because you knew that I was gonna be
uploading my vlogs from there I'm like
great like it was dangerous it was
really really bad so just to let you
know I am going to upload there now but
I'm not going to be uploaded there again
I'm just I'm just not gonna be doing
that I think I'll go my way
I've always forget how many of you guys
live in Edinburgh like walking around it
is crazy like even just lending that
seven minutes or however long that
uploader
just group to be waiting outside
afterwards of hitches and stuff like it
but they are so sick no that is the
dream time-lapse that's the goal right
there of course this is where the others
are Harvey Nichols we're trying to find
me a coke pot mind anything there's
actually worn everything in here so this
which I don't really want have heard I
know not about that basically you you're
trying to buy a glorified vest this dog
just look like a life jacket it's pretty
much half a jacket it's half of what
it's half of what you need 1/2 pounds
and you don't you get the sleep
that's how you make money these days I'm
gonna start selling like pulling them
trousers with actual shorts got myself a
coat from Hugo Boss with arms my last
blood play for I've had basically the
same one but without arms this one I
like it it's gonna keep you warm
it's nice look how beautiful this is
look at that I actually will you up for
at would you go in there are you guys up
for going on that tomorrow what if you
were trying to get selfies of you on it
and you were looking at how you were
going the wrong way the place were
staying has a crazy bar like it's so so
nice so we're currently trying to find
lunch to go and buy some bath bombs
this is my favorite one I've ever seen
but I think it's like oh it's a bath
melt ok let's get one of these I love
that you know I said that we're bumping
into so many of you walking around so
I'm gonna just talk to us and gave us
some shortbread thank you very much also
in the most amazing like a lighting kind
of thing you okay mate my second candle
I'm so glad I bought a jacket today is
it cold out there as well
it's cold out there look at poppy and ol
arms watch out behind you
oh wow you can't do anything
there we go gingerbread hot chocolate
anyone
how's that is it good
are you guys having a boy are you guys
fighting what you round about go and
have a fight pop who would win in a
fight have you and Shawn Jones trying to
win the new Yeezys you know we're not
having any luck do you know how long
I've been on that page like an hour you
probably spent the price of the easies
on internet Internet are you I'm gonna
vlog this Shawn and Mark both don't know
what a moon cup is no surely you don't
he said do you put it up your bar I know
okay don't say show mark a picture of
that no no no just a picture he has to
guess what it is
you shown him a demonstration no one
wants to see him in cop demonstration
yes definitely women always it's a man
it's for men you said you put your balls
in it what do you think it is so
whatever you want to say yeah you put it
yeah and then what was it do you can we
are a bit in what public places oh boy
so what is a moon cup go by faucet here
sorry let's say final guess what's a
moon tup it's got something to do with
the genitalia yeah a moon cup is a
menstrual cup so you fold it and you put
it in your vagina and it collects the
blood same period empty the little
bucket out and then you pop it back in
Oh
so instead of using some details aren't
important as you just you just read it
you just reuse this little bucket it's a
little cup hey guys love something new
every day what you don't do is put your
balls in there oh we in it in public I
know I think the same way oh yeah we're
trying to deliver him some water cool Oh
BA booty but one deliveries a bubble tea
or just wonderful little one Jenny love
you eat there yes you like it leave a
bubble no T you want mango tea mango and
the mango one and then add in some
lychee bubbles no I think she has one
tonsil I told you they broke the other
day have you got like this let me see a
tonsil screen the actual came out so you
may or may not have just ordered
delivery from Wagamama for half the
group and your sushi you ever half the
group however it said that it was gonna
take 35 minutes so no KFC is not far
away
so I'm my awarded one of these for me
and one of them for Sean and because you
have to spend minimum of 15
would hit six bottles of water to make
up the price let's change over to this
camera it makes such a loud noise that
it goes in your mouth oh look a big
dismissal Super's I'm beyond Philip I've
eaten so much I can't even begin to tell
you this is all I want right now to have
a bath oh my gosh I've never seen
curtains that tall in my life the
ceiling height in Edinburgh is
absolutely like that must be at least 12
foot that is insane
tomorrow's the first day of log mess
which I'm really looking forward to
because I've got lots of Christmassy
themed videos and ideas and some really
really big stuff happening I've got way
less stuff in my diary
hardly any meetings and I'm just gonna
pack the days full of fun stuff Zoey and
I do like an advent calendar for each
other where we're taking turns alternate
days so it starts off tomorrow with Zoey
on the first giving me a present and
then on the second I give Zoey a present
then on third Zoey gives me a present
we're gonna do it
alternative logs said tomorrow the first
is in Zoey's blog the second is in my
blog you ready for a bath so nice isn't
it we're gonna jump in the bath together
I've got our towels here no we just got
my Christmas tree out and it's broken
pop into four as well both this to be
like that yeah and then like that oh no
it's lighting everything why don't we
just use half shop up it in this isn't
about one by the way so I didn't expect
it to go crazy it's like a bar melt
Missouri's pretty missing as well
apparently okay
we fell prey to death
we shall play hide and seek tomorrow oh
hey
do you reckon that this is haunted I
reckon that there's a creepy guy that
lives down there I think it's so haunted
pop do you think this is haunted - then
this is haunted I think there's a guy
that lives down there I honestly think
it is I think we should go out we should
turn all the lights off and go for a
ghost hunt part we're going to turn all
the lights off and hunt for ghosts you
ready now
what's in there Zoe Zoe and I aren't
really together this is her bedroom no
no no that's all storage if I was a kid
I would soap that is like my dad mark
there is something up there what's gonna
happen is something that's gonna open it
and then disappear and then open that
one then disappear and then open their
lot why are they yeah why are they
locked what about the big one there's
something in that big one oh my gosh
it's like bolted shut from the inside
Oh No well good luck faces are gonna
come alive
good luck mark hopefully hopefully I'll
see you in the morning I'm gonna say I'm
gonna say what do you mean see what did
any agree be in our room yeah that's
just a mirror in there or is it
I know we're not waking up at 10 a.m.
and then what we say papi
have a look in there think I don't
forget down cuz this has got a little
bump in the lid papi see if you can find
her
see you later it's time for me to end
the vlog just want to say thank you so
much for the support recently thank you
for all the love another vlog I read so
many of your comments every single day
my hair looks awful
I just got out the bath I've heard so
many of your comments every single day
and the support recently has been insane
especially on what are you doing
especially on tonight's video especially
on tonight's video which I worked on a
direct line and the support has been
crazy so I just wanna say thank you
thank you to everybody who's in LBW club
for always like in the video before they
even watch it that is dedication
subscribe if you're not ready down below
there is Christmas merch if you need to
get anybody a Christmas present and they
watch these videos the link is down
below grab them from Christmas merch or
some of my other merch and there's 20%
off of everything else I'll see you
tomorrow
5 p.m. catch you then guys also there's
a special intro you'll see tomorrow
Zoe just told me that I was actually
wrong which is correct it was actually
on the start of this video so I hope you
enjoyed the new little doo-doo-doo
introduction if you recognize the design
is from the signed PB Christmas poster
that's for sale but yeah I captured why
can I guess
Hey
