good morning guys good morning good
morning we've already had breakfast
ready 3 2 1 begin it take it out
whenever you want you don't want it to
break a budget in Toulouse in the bank
you go bust this is Oh Tania last 11
seconds so something's wrong
15 Oh structured pepper TV sighs 15
seconds and now the girls are doing some
baking
what are you baking up doing a juggler
oh no don't worry as long as you didn't
coughing the cake it's all good let's
see what Jim's up to in the other room I
believe are you playing sliver yeah so
mole are you coming in here don't come
in don't let my first ones even bit
Martha you're not allowed out because
you're trying to eat the bins Jim is
currently play sliver dot IO I've just
introduced him what do you think of that
I'm so band it's the most fun a bit to
say no good isn't it Gary
well great get that getup and I'm going
down tough eating is to be a teacher
mother mother this is not time get out
to get that get that yeah I going to go
to this league all of this the way
healthy you're 845 big long son of me oh
my gosh Jim look at all of the goods I
like I'm bailing out no you're not Jim
carry on be careful get that don't get
that wait is he oh no I thought he was
gonna die - you died - the smallest one
in the game anyways guys I'm having a
lovely day whatever you are - what are
you up to let me know the comments what
you're doing today it is a Bank Holiday
Monday the UK is about quality other
places in the world
no I don't know let me know what you're
doing hello hello Missy hello oh my gosh
you little sausage you little sausage
today the plan is to just chill I fly to
New York tomorrow morning I leave at 7
a.m. I still haven't is this bad Jim you
know you're probably the opposite
million
head hands no I go to New York on there
not only in but not plastic I haven't
packed for I haven't unpacked from
playlist so that's not really bad is
that bad I and I haven't unpacked from
pages like Oh No
look at all this today's plan is to just
chill relax every time I say about
today's plan this little one jumps on my
lap there's really not a lot of them
around now she's like laying down
today's plan is to just relax we're not
we haven't got anything particular to do
the girls are bacon and they're making a
chocolate cake they are not healthy man
now thank you very thin no but we can
help by eating the cake nice trip true
that's that's the best bit is the eating
and other than that I bought so ugly I
was uploaded my daily vlog already I
stayed up till 3:00 elde heart - last
night in the morning engine uploaded
yesterday's vlog for you today's vlog
for me super hilarious if you haven't
seen it go check it out and some more
self promo in my new nature so primer my
new main Channel video is going up
tonight for me yesterday for use with
Marcus and Louise it is quite rude it is
quite funny if you haven't seen it
already go check it out
and even more promo I'm wearing some BB
much as well anyway doesn't I'll ignore
or than just going to give Chapman ok
today you'll find everything you need to
know about me it's like spending a day
with the family just relaxing you're
spending it with you and Tanya just
relaxing I carry the dysfunctional
cousins pot it's sponsoring open staring
a screen with a digital blades lid the
diodes and mostly conversing look at
Jim's editing setup
nobody's laptop she always is here one
bogey here they're gonna love a doggy
here which is my mouse looking yeah I'm
right-handed this really feel this side
but everything is it fun press Ryan
let's make a right thing I wanna be
typing oh oh oh my gosh you're so cute
on you no one Domino's is happening
ah okay my mind bye so we've come to
Tesco Express why have we come to Tesco
Tanya Zoe
tried to make me eat a cake with 45 day
old butter by the way you say 45 days
actually like a 48 or something so they
basically they baked a cake as you saw
hi how you do it you get you have to get
down yeah yeah we've come buy some
butter these guys are just basic Aikens
48 day old butter how to date 48 eggs
the new starts ready bachelorettes
thank you so much let's go guys we've
got a helpful with the butter what's
your name Emily awesome
Emily's helping us with the butter Jim
thanks Emily this is butter area healing
days when we use I don't even know which
one we need
I don't do the bacon yeah they're buying
chocolate instead now thanks so much for
the help Emily have a lovely day meaning
Jim we wouldn't know we were playing
slither
the goods everybody and I drove everyone
here
get your butt in the back all mine your
leg
I'm 7,600 Oh Jim a piggy you 6,700 some
help me I've never been this big I've
never been this happy in my life
otherwise what happens those you just
sir key to the first also come here to
know this guy's through me I'm Gemma
sparkling someone to it I look at that
about to actually what it said I'm ready
to him oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god
one second here this guy's is not given
up I had somebody trapped - it's also
7,000 Jim Jim recycle this mofo
alright now we're trying to show me
there's going same time okay go with Jim
go and here's a note I rounded go get
over them off there's so many people
here oh my screen oh I went to bring Oh
No I'm sorry about that because I 8200 I
went to move and I clicked and I move my
screen oh my gosh wait what would i I
think I quit my thing seven thousand six
hundred ninety four point six you beat
me
the because I've been we ordered a
delivery for lunch and I was going to
vlog it because it was going to be
delicious
except from I never actually arrived
they forgot to add my meal so I think
I've got to wear like another 45 minutes
for it to come which is great but I've
got a snack in between these guys have
been baking away just like a big man oh
it looks more like a delivery van shall
I share them the cake yeah don't don't
don't look you're getting the rest is my
favor you're right like that
great oh man oh she is so good oh no
Smarties come on Tom quick nap time come
on Zoe come lay down over here some way
are you going on by yourself who's
fastest not me buddy
I can't miss man anything I don't want
to know that number you know I've never
met a dog that does farts like Martha
Jesus father often when she does they
are awful
yeah they're quite punishment these guys
are off now we've had a lovely weekend
on the way so super super enjoyable a
lot of time where we put last reason is
a straight wedding hang out again this
way yeah and then this time we know
should do that soon yeah yeah see the
Ponyo Jim you don't have a kitchen
started like awake person when you start
to winter they won't have a kitchen in
the house for how long like a weeks or
two kitchen you know that's where we
hang out family yeah all of down to the
officer it does some get to rest the
house so basically we're not gonna have
a house like taken out that so it'll
isn't it you're gonna move in here
they're moving in here everybody their
dog Martha's already moved in look at
her running in there although Jim Jim is
going to New York on Friday and I'm
leaving New York on Friday evening so we
might maybe cross over into each other
and hang out I didn't realize the
readiness beside it
yeah make us pass and it's lovely seeing
you guys I won't miss finding wheelies
and pooping I'm a loser so much next
time we're going to make sure you don't
have any accidents
I may may not have told you that I am
yet to unpack from playlist I literally
have not unpacked my bag since going to
Orlando in Florida that is so bad I know
I know it is literally here this is my
suitcase I'm completely full and my bag
full of stuff like full of it's all just
clothes it's all just clothes and
moisture I didn't even wear because I
over packed so much
just gone through some of it to grab a
hoodie and I found a present that I
bought for Zoey that I haven't yet given
her I don't know what the condition of
it is going to be like do you want your
present are you doing so washing yeah
here's your present
oh my god I know what it is chocolate
from do you know how delicious either is
it a bit battered or is it okay oh sure
right well no I've never had an American
chocolate frog so we don't know if the
chocolates as good because we know what
people say about American chocolate
versus British chocolate I want to see
it I've never actually seen one oh yeah
the Magnum we went to one of others tour
in London yeah yeah the man in the in
the shop said that he's never ever had
this one person's card that's really
rare he's never had a nice dinner in oh
I don't know that's the rare person or
not how do you know I'm sure it might be
you never know let me see thanks
gorgeous good dude you like it yeah
there's a god how cute notice me oh oh
absolutely not
you tired little one okay we think
she'll wake up we're watching a Harry
Potter as well that's me it's not even
open to right lie down
come on lie down Marla you still asleep
she's colorized shut she's just a few
still asleep oh she still she's still
got a nice cloud
she literally didn't open her eyes the
entire time
no now you open them oh oh look at you
gee I'm not going to see you into
Saturday no don't say that
I don't always lead you he's one of my
favorite Harry Potter films which one is
that I live near bare ground and we've
got chocolate for me have dinner first
then we can meet chocolate frog at the
moment they're in Diagon Alley this is
literally where I was the other day a
Harry Potter place where we go
diagonally I know I did actually go this
bit this bit was closed
that's not Turner it happened target on
me before that bit and always annoys me
Harry Potter my arm is about by 8
why does Harry go diagonally when
everyone before him that jumped into the
fireplace uses all alone when they use
the flue powder they said Diagon Alley
look quite clearly and then when Harry
had a go after everybody else after he'd
heard them all say Diagon Alley he goes
diagonally silly boy just honestly what
good is some Orson imagine get a want
hug so I can that would be do you wonder
why bottom when we went to playlist yeah
I want to get a lot more comfortable
driving you guys don't see me driving
too much because
obviously Zoey and I both got new cars
at the same time and so he's a lot more
comfortable of driving than me so we
often just have so he driving everywhere
but I really really wanted to have focus
over the next couple of months I'm
really getting used to driving and just
nail in it so that I can drive like to
London or wherever I want whenever I
want
so I'm purposely putting in the time at
the moment to try and get more
comfortable like I'm fine with driving
but I just don't do it enough I've never
set up a camera like this in a daily
vlog before so I'm trying to I'm trying
to concentrate on driving obviously more
than the camera and I don't want to look
at the camera because I know I'll put me
off I think I'm going the right way
I've never driven him myself I love
driving at this time of night there's
just barely any cause it's so nice and
calm I'll be back in one minute just
grabbing the pizza there we go right it
may look like I've got a massive bottle
of wine I haven't it is rose lemonade
basically pink lemonade and then also
got Zoe's pizza oh yeah just found hard
what did it do so tiny little pink on
passes like that if I was hoping to
drive along the beach watch the Sun was
setting
but the sun's kind of already set so I
miss that opportunity the guy behind me
couldn't be any further up my butt I
hate it when people pull up behind you
at traffic lights like millimeters away
from your bomb move back I've only just
passed we have made it
here's your feet you turn your lemonade
just a small lemonade oh my god
this room here everybody is my wardrobe
these are all clean clothes that I like
dirty clothes dirty clothes fresh towels
charity all of that stuff is going to
charity clean clothes these two are
basically empty and this here is
basically Orlando that I have not
unpacked it's half past 10:00 in evening
I just want to go to bed I've got to
unpack all of their sort out it's clean
and dirty most of it is clean then
repack for New York repack my bags
charger for my camera batteries decide
what cameras I want to bring home my
gosh I need to bring that proper big
canvas as well because I want to fill
main channel videos whilst I'm out there
with the other youtubers then I need to
edit this blog that you're watching
because obviously when it goes live
tomorrow I will be on the plane so I
need to edit this tonight as well I
think I'm all good
we've got three pairs of shoes or
actually I'll wear these tomorrow I've
got two pairs of shoes packed all I need
to pack a coat a coat don't let me
forget I think I'm all packed jumpers
trousers more trousers t-shirts boxers
socks everything
this is tomorrow's Airport outfit and
then my bag packing the last item for
New York open all of this come on get in
the suitcase we're going to New York
come on good go up here should get to
New York then you staying with mummy and
I nearly forgot my passport there we go
all done and ready for tomorrow morning
okay everybody it is time to end the
vlog what's the time Zoey
11:10 59 I wanted to go to bed before 12
o'clock I've done absolutely everything
except from edit and upload this video
that you're watching right now but that
is wrong I'm going to end the vlog early
and edit that right now so so if you've
enjoyed the video give it a big ol
thumbs up if you're excited for the New
York vlogs basically if you don't want
to do it and there's a thing called the
YouTube creator summit which is where
YouTube invites I think it's roughly
like their top 100 creators that are
with YouTube and they fly everyone out
to New York
zowie m40 can't make it she's got tons
of meetings and stuff but they fly
everybody out to New York and put on a
show put on a party I went last year we
saw Bruno Mars perform literally like a
meet or two in front of me so I have no
idea who's going to perform this year my
fingers are crossed for Taylor Swift or
Justin Bieber that would be insane
comment down below with who you think is
going to perform let's try and smash
this video 25,000 thumbs up also I
forgot to tell you yesterday snog that
my new main channel video has gone up so
I did a video as you know when I was in
Orlando with Louise and Marcus it is now
gone live so go check it out go show it
some love I'll leave a link down below
one more thing
I've ordered two very they're the same
two of very very very exciting things
that don't even ship to the UK but I
wanted them so bad that I've ordered
them to Casey neistat's office in New
York so hopefully tomorrow I'm going to
go over there or the next day and go and
pick them up and I'm so excited
what do you playing James and the Giant
all day I'll catch you tomorrow
Joris anything to them because I'm
probably you're probably not going to be
in the vlog for like a week or so do
anything to say to them I'll miss you
and are you gonna be vlogging watch them
away possibly but go like I do but maybe
well that was a good message I left it
one thing is across impossibly mobile a
bubble or maybe I'll miss you and I
can't wait to see what you buy me from
Bath & Body Works no sorry screams oh
he's going to text me a list of things
to buy her from Bath & Body Works
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow morning
bright and early we're leaving here at 7
a.m. so
see then good look at that how is it not
pop in
