look at that how is it not popping good
morning guys good morning good morning
it is another beautiful day in Brighton
in the UK how are you doing having a
lovely one I can hear at club 7b and
play downstairs all this morning think
it was s cobb seven anyway Tajima still
over there make him breakfast how's the
breakfast making going do none of them
are you guys cleared up from last night
no I was my job woke him up after
breakfast I promise I will clear up
breakfast guys look at this Tom we did
it right we woke up late I didn't know
we didn't wake up late we just yeah we
just came down late I didn't maybe
happen you just hung out of everything
issues yeah I got some new shoes gently
easy I'll show you them they're not
easily or that they are they're already
sold out that there's been a super cool
yes I'm a cool kid for having them
I'll beat you up every finish that is
saying yes daddy don't tickle me hello
hello Johanna come up on the bed with us
hello this young man sausage glittery in
the sausage oh you are Missy I can look
Elaine Haho the Jesus on your belly rub
is that what you wanted did you hear
that nice uhm
aha hmm oh good yes
Oh Sookie so is to even Tania and Jim
don't tell them we'll keep you would
never let you go home what you thinking
little one what's going on in the hood
just as bad as Nana what's going on in
your head you still asleep Tania you
just woke up
yeah do you remember why you can't been
asleep and she doesn't realize that she
was asleep huh you just saw sorry what
did you just ask her Tom you asleep
because I could see that he was staring
you hadn't even got your eyes open yeah
cuz you got looking at
tiny sincere anyway I was like havin a
little nap you were like am i C
I think Sarah's anyone useful practicing
we all have breakfast together
how did she just get up there oh you
miss him what you are sorry she's had
breakfast yet also no point to uni yeah
we liked on your back you're like no I
need to get this our everybody is out by
the car getting ready to go but I just
remember that my batteries arrived
yesterday for the wubble bubble so I'm
going to take them to the park
I don't if I'm actually going to use it
or not then what else we need everyone's
already left I'm running late I just
need to get some poo bags do anything
treats some don't you know you treat one
of these they look good and don't need
anything else
maybe oh crap we're in the car finally
jim has taken so bloomin long do I need
to say you is taking so long Jim isn't
ready for like five hours we've all been
taking ages to get ready especially me
as per usual but I've just got the dogs
and poo bags but some treats so the dogs
are gonna be happy got one doggy here
another doggy in the back over there
we're off to stammer Park which you guys
all know is our favorite place to go in
it's sunny and I've bought a game with
us guys about something fun for us to do
I don't know how much we're going to
enjoy it but we can try out we can give
it a go I'm not going to tell you until
we get to the park we tell us well know
if makes me get hot line alone I put it
up late in the boom okay you don't have
to play it then I'm lucky we're gonna
have so much fun I don't think the dogs
are gonna like the game the roof is
coming off gnarly you're not climbing
out she thinks she's going out now
were you doing
don't worry guys go ahead I've got a
hold of her early excited the exciting
may be done in a war is beyond
you've been a good girl sitting down
being a good girl yeah so during Lyman
so good
how refreshing is that ha ha ha I'm so
excited
there's another dog over there we go
little tail this is a roast dinner this
is a roach yeah could this be any bigger
this is so much little candy no no you
okay down there yeah ha ha the coffee is
here everybody finish up the dinner I'm
ready to get hyper your family down
bitch they will recognize your face I
love making my mouth I love that one
what's your favorite snapchat filter
what's your favorite what's your
favorite one my favorite one is that
chipmunk e14 got upside-down face right
my favorite my favorite ones are Amelie
no nose the new one so it's gone for the
world's biggest sticky toffee pudding oh
my gosh
Tom's gone for is that chocolate ice
cream
my it looks so good don't know where my
friends and my girlfriend have gone
we'll run away there they are
you're finally outside whoo I want to go
and get my toy from the car are you
gonna trip everyone up on your long lead
Nala Oh going for a week you guys saw
what I packed earlier or at least I
think I filmed it into the car the
others don't know but I face leap at one
of the wobble bubbles which is the
massive blow-up ball I've put it into
the boot of the car so I'm going to go
and grab it now so that we can play
football with it I don't know what the
dogs are going to think of a massive
block ball here we go and I got the
batteries here
who on earth has these batteries D
they're massive crap I might not be able
to get it because I need to be able to
open this up how the hell can open that
the lovely woman in the restaurant when
it used a knife and open them up for me
pull us up last down close hopefully I
can just hold the button closed and
it'll work Ellie great guys I think this
is big enough I have no idea how big
this thing's meant to be I don't even
know if it's going to pop on the grass
or not we're just gonna have to see what
the bloomin element bought now see if I
can find the other so that I don't just
look like a weirdo walking around with a
massive bubble I can see them in the
distance there's three of them laying on
the floor hey what's this
look at this oh it's called a wobble
bubble I don't know how big it's meant
to go so I just didn't risk doing any
bigger you're gonna fight it I don't
know what you do with it oh that dog
wants it I got this right that's your
head your head yes yes and he's gone oh
my gosh don't knock that dog it's good
it's like a bubble he ready Jim I won't
throw it at you well I'm gonna throw it
at Jim's face
god this would be the best thing for
slow motion all right you ready wait dry
my face oh my gosh you know I bought two
of these I don't know why it's the best
thing
sorry really high kick it knowing you
knowing knowing knowing you know you
knowing I've got both the doggies for a
little bit this way guys
you ready to go for a run coming in is
it comfy really what about this now you
don't want that that's knowledge P look
at that how is it not pop in yeah well
oh my god get that shot get it come on
let me get gonna hold this in the shot
as well and the dog poo goes away in the
bin we're heading back everyone that's
such a good day we're back home
everybody Tanya's got something amazing
to tell you what she loves about Jim I
loved him five I think my foot blisters
not your face already Bob just your
stride it just jumps on my foot you have
a blister from the marathon I'm mostly
distant no it's not I love it
Oh Jim your side those actual really saw
ya got soft side I mean why'd you smell
his side I just smell his skin
yeah that's nice it's just a nice bag
fill my side my other favorite it is
here in here like when I hug him and
then feels yeah I like these bits or
nothing and they feel nice to a t-shirt
I think like these yeah those fit it
doesn't weird
alright guys doesn't Martha look like
the little penguin you know what I mean
right what from Wallace and Gromit
Martha come here master doesn't she look
like the naughty penguin what yup do you
always look like you up to something
naughty missus since the others made
breakfast and put away dinner last night
I agreed that I would empty the
dishwasher and then put all of this away
so whilst they're picking a movie for us
to watch to a film
my job is to put it away fan fan fan
I live in lucky awesome a new dentist's
office just gonna live where we drove
Jim's new car so go check it out you
haven't already
whilst I put all the lift away what is
your car you've stolen it it is your car
yeah I'm with you I'm not sure okay so I
went around and I got you back
healthy for my favor do you think you're
struggling together hello there oh it is
time to play the dice game we pause the
film until the dinner comes we've
ordered dinner what we all didn't an
Indian we've ordered an Indian I'm so
excited I have not had any of you
announcing what you're taking you up on
your contact cap ETA odds on it lick it
lick it
do you know the man fishing told me once
he's like and have your contacts or I
don't take my little luck in again
that's like not planning on why would
anyone ever do so many um clients going
in with eye infections because they've
taken the contest at Lipton but then
another what a bunch of morons yeah I'll
just take a couple of helping sets along
anyways dice game everybody you guys
haven't paid this have you I'm not
really in the wrong pants gonna love it
Zuri do you love that how much do you
love it no no how much you go lay down
if you love it Nala Nala loves it right
so I know she's fine she's done a wiener
through outside yes you're the winner
food the aim of this game hitting my
vlogger probably sick of this because I
show everybody this game order them up
we have one slide each wait wait
I need your film to tell me I'm right
the aim of the game out the name of the
game roll the die yeah
sick so I can even put them six walk up
it down 505 and one wipe it down for and
to in six
if you roll the die and you can't it's
not this isn't divisible by these
numbers you're out you add up all your
ones left up whoever has the highest
losses so if I roll a 12 numbers out no
ten and two nine and three okay so I
don't if you have to use all of the
numbers up within these numbers okay
once we numbers down you win so if I for
example I had like this now four or five
or six year I roll three what happened
I'm out so I add up these points here 15
yeah my scores 15 you
just why the 15 you lose okay I'm just
doing simple can't you get that I don't
think you're listening I do it you ready
yeah this bag by the way it's called
shut the box shut the front door
turns already one guy's Jim's got 21 so
he's got 20 and I've got a level five
yet you've already won but you could
shut the box in your is what fuck okay
ah be still 1 so your score was 5 do you
like the game everyone look how
delicious that looks
oh my gosh we're all sat down and we're
about to watch Tanya and Jim's wedding
video I haven't seen anything of it I'm
so excited I'm not going to show you
guys of course as I said wedding video
your neck who I love
okay write it play it play can we have a
discussion those don't tickle me oh oh
can we have a discussion because I was
Nick you just did that to me oh I guess
I hear from wedge on her blog anyway oh
yeah come here the discussion about how
cows know not cows animals actually
that's a lie Parris yeah how let me
explain first let me tell you guys look
at my hair in general the animals not
penis yeah and I'm always oh my gosh
ignore the others behind they're idiots
animals I have induced me time taught me
in horrible animals in general we lock
in Ken Winkle can only make the noise
that's like typical of that animal so
when you say like tan what what noise
does a sheep make mad but why can't it
make another noise because humans can
make cheap noise oh how cool and cows
can only make cow noises but why can't
cows make dog noises if they wanted to
this is Jim's question earlier when we
were going past cows it's down the park
Jim was asking why
gomu and they don't stay why the car
they imitate other animals but I can't
they I don't know do you know what I'm
saying I have involves a better voice
box
yeah all I can do is tell you assume
mm-hmm and that's it anything else you
wanna move my corner but they must white
they must give us talk
why can't well he walks past a cow like
I'm happy but you me to them and music
exactly that's probably why they don't
talk they can only hear a hole into them
why no one ever talks to cows poor cow I
think we all need start talking to cows
yeah that's just what we need to do guys
Mike what you make endless can paradox
make any noise Harris can they can
imitate so why can't cheat or cats like
a niggas faster there we go some dogs
can go you know I don't purpose yeah
they do ok if any of you are like
actually my dad did zoology at Oxford
why don't we ask him now it's by heart
11:00 at night reminds me guys to ask my
dad why can't you just love do you think
I know I think I know why their voice
boxes are the same no of course that
we're not the second wiser but why
haven't you make a cow noise she's like
a sweet up anyways that's my question
let me know what you're thinking y'all
in the description in the comments I
mean you know I think as you know the
answer
Ghanim it's because you're going to say
too much stupid no it's not go on it's
because it doesn't have evolutionarily
they the noises they make is suffice to
get into where they are human beings
have developed language because it is
being paramount to our existence like a
lot of other animals that I needed to
move or bar for me a little challenge
and I've got to buy this far
human without language we basically be
but we could all have one language as
humans yeah we made redundant of
languages because we've been so jiggling
there's different versions of mooing
jerking some cows can't understand our
account
what what would happen if we put a towel
from over here the cows with a cow so
much what are they buoyed their bed to
understand each other's moves my
question question what would they know
they know they have youtuber just find
out the answer to this question but then
how do we draw world and we get the
different cows and we put them together
and we see what happens there we go
zoella quits YouTube to explore cows
yeah you just given lots of people a
headline right there anyways we'll leave
you in that one let me know what you
think don't know you guys doing it very
clear that looks a little bit better the
girls have gone to bed now
it's just Jim and I left I meant that in
a minute the poppies are going to go
gone the girl corniness because poppies
gone to bed as well you go to bed insect
I'm gonna go to bed and circle with I'm
going to end my vlog down here for once
and normally end up in bed but I'm going
to end it down here because I don't want
to wait so in olive up well you did why
you swearing at me
alright if you want to see one message
to all of my subscribers you get one
sentence I'm going to leave in whatever
you say okay cause yet
I'll be up less conscious and ninth
mouth daddy out it's gonna sell like
cause yet which I actually don't like
cause yet that's the joke that's what
it's about I just replied to a tweet now
somebody said no matter what video I
click on in YouTube all the comments are
cause yeah
and I reply said it's not my fault I
didn't do this as you guys who are doing
this go spam every YouTube video you
ever watch with the word could share
everybody any time you watch a youtube
video comment on it cause yeah thumbs up
each other's comments
I don't ever follow them oh they know it
is about cuz I they actually yeah just
Cooper constantly I don't even know why
isn't uncommon cause ya know jets are
just amazing
that's what I'm gonna start there you
know from in my next Ridge merchandise
it's not even called yet merch is actual
courgettes I've started climbing outside
farming courgettes in the garden and I'm
going to sell them that physical
co-chairs who and if you would buy a
cause yet that I farmed in our garden
with knowledge peers the
fertilizer give the video thumbs up how
I'm not why not
they're delicious courgette I don't like
or Jets but I do like my own farm to
grow a market and get one that are mouth
but they're not found by courgette King
that's my name are you using the food of
your dog but my name is courgette King
names out today it's not they call me
the courgette name is Alfred Oh Jim
what's maybe to name was a vehement I'm
not telling you know typical courgette
given out a thread courgette days come
in first night I know it yeah it's not s
Sydney there we go right guys I'll catch
you tomorrow hope you having a lovely
day whatever you're doing give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it go check
out Jim's blog the Tom blog today yes
she did Don's blog as I've logged it out
don't know when those guys blogs my few
days yet but they'll be up over the next
couple of days this one check them out I
mean I don't think it is although you
did from the wubble bubble as well the
waffle bubble
sound laugh and later later a bubble the
bubble bubble I did another I don't know
what to tell them I know well the hotel
room it's bad of us Jim you can't say
they my video guys I didn't happen that
didn't happen I'll catch you tomorrow
guys I hope you excited for tomorrow's
vlog it's gonna be super good because
I'm hanging out with this idiot and his
wife go ahead my mouth you know me you
know get out of my mouth I'll catch you
tomorrow
good oh subscribers right down below if
you haven't already subscribe subscribe
goodnight goodnight goodnight I love you
goodnight hahaha
