good morning guys good morning good
morning friends how on earth you doing
hope you having a lovely day hope you
having fun it's the weekend get out of
the house go hang out friends go see
your family go walk your dog go visit
your name I need to do that one myself
literally I just told everybody to go
visit their Nana I haven't seen my
grandma since Christmas grandma if
you're watching I'm sorry I want to come
and visit you soon I love you so much
you literally live around the corner and
I haven't seen you since Christmas and
papi I saw you yesterday
anyways guys today I got up this morning
went to go squeeze some lemon also I'm
really not feeling very well I'm trying
to put it on I'm trying to attend to you
guys that I'm feeling good but I'm
really not so if I look a little bit
dead I'm not feeling great just to throw
it out there I'm going to try and be
upbeat for you and try and make a fun
nice video and I do wanna have a fun
nice time we do want to make a fun nice
video but I just don't feel 100% today I
tweeted two days ago saying you know
when you feel really weak and cold and
all of that and you not like you feel
like you're gonna get ill soon tweet
that two years ago now I genuinely feel
for any video you haven't a sleepy
morning mrs. he's sleeping in the Sun
you sunbae then are you you having a
nice time in the Sun yes Zoey's in
office and they're Eddie's in a way I'm
not going to walk in there because I had
never seen your office yet kind of I'm
gonna stay at the door also trying to
general they were over and I put all the
rubbish out over here because I wanted
to take it up to the bins before they
before they come over and they're going
to be here in like ten minutes only do
that I say what was I saying yeah this
morning I went to squeeze some lemon
into water every day if you don't have
one of these guys you need to get one of
these basically about half a lemon in it
and then you squeeze it and all the
lemon juice goes in Georgia and it makes
cold water taste so delicious really
wake you up in the morning nice and
energized and I want to do it some
lemons but our lemons don't look like
this looks nice in the camera in real
life it looks a little bit moldy like
not too great so unfortunately for like
five lemons there or something but and
even
look at me good so I don't really wanna
eat that I'm just edited and the vlog is
uploading at the moment let's see how
it's going the vlog or its processing
five minutes is done that was the four
people face swap challenge that went up
yesterday so I hope you enjoyed that
vlog when my map Bibi hoodie today new
stock should be coming back in very soon
of everything so just keep one go and I
get so many tweets and emails and
messages and comments and everything
like that every single day so Alfie when
is the new stock gonna be interview
merchandise just keep on going to check
and item is their new stock is coming in
all the time hopefully as of like this
week stuff should never ever go out
stock again I think we've bought enough
this time to like proper last so that it
doesn't go out stock that's the aim
don't ever want anything to go out of
stock although the signed posters are
like this close to being out stock and
those aren't as easy to get back in
stock because of a shaft up and
delivered here then up to sit on the
floor signing all of them for hours and
hours and hours and hours nails and then
send them to the warehouse and then they
send them to you guys so I need to order
some more of those in for you but for
now stuff like this this hoodie jumpers
t-shirts all of that phone cases you
should be able to pick up and grab now
as you're watching this so I leave a
link down below to the merchandise if
you want to go check it out go check out
all of the stuff I love seeing all of
the feedback online thank you so much to
everybody that receives their items and
then tweets me let me know what they
think because everyone so far I have not
seen one and I've been honest I would
tell you promise you this is why I like
do all the merchandise myself rather
than having like a big company do it for
me everybody has said that they love the
merchandise this the comfiest clothes
ever somebody literally to a minute ago
saying I was so excited with my parcel
that I hugged the postman they hugged
their postman when they delivered the
post because they were so excited to see
the mat and ice that makes me so happy
that makes me so happy that person we
could have needed that hug you can
written down or she could have been
feeling down and you've just made that
day but anyways yeah the merchandise
no I didn't hug the postman somebody
just received their merch and tweeted me
saying they were so excited that they
hugged their postman
ah and what was I gonna say tons of you
have been asked me but when is the new
item coming out there is a new item
being added to the merchandise store and
it was meant to be added yesterday it
was ready at it on Friday but we had a
little bit of complications and stuff
with the inside of the store it's all
being sorted only for the new item not
for everything else everything else is
fine and the new item is going to be out
realistically I'm going to just throw it
out there
Tuesday don't keep me 100% to it but it
should be up Tuesday so miss out on that
Nando's don't go and buy that pony that
you wanted wait see if you like the new
item because the new item could be my
favorite item so far it could be the
most alpha item so far I don't even know
it's sick you guys are going to love it
right anyways I need to be getting some
food in my belly because I haven't
really eaten - they've had some point so
mmm is imported again which was
delicious as you know yesterday I
ordered two dinners six dinner stood
that's what they call me have you guys
do you know I'm a bit sporadic today
guys not feeling too great a bit all
over the place just bear with me so I've
got this spare from yesterday
laissez-faire I literally ordered it on
purpose for lunch today which is another
chicken pasta so I'm going to quickly
eat that now and I need to sort this out
I need to stop wearing a hat today look
at my bloomin hair I need to go upstairs
do my hair I don't even know if I've
done my teeth today
that is gross of literature in editin
all morning need to sort this mop out as
well have we got friends coming to the
door yet you can't come out yet you'll
run out into the road you wait there
wait there it's not me saying that you
ocean bunk oh how fitting is
literally like this like that mother
come here sit oh you're so cute we're
off to the food festival except having
two dogs in one car with four people and
an open-top car and
million people the food festival just
isn't going to work like it's going to
be so busy so what we're going to do is
we're going to leave these who nutters
together to play and hang out we're
going to put a barrier over here so that
they can't go and poom we in that
section but then they can have all of
this to themselves to play and aren't
you
you've even got little patches to some
bay then so we're going to move this and
try and make like a barrier over here oh
my gosh the handle then we get another
look at this junk email Oh Mike what's
this thing what electric that's the most
leg room I've ever seen have you seen
the amount of leg wounds ollie
look at that dude does that mean I pull
it oh my gosh
I want to get in Oh Matt this is comfy
yo look at this this is what I should
have got for my first car guys
Oh Jim how much is this car this one
I'll eat your house key also a million
pounds part no snow I'm not joking 225s
what of a million pounds this car guys
it's the best car in the world as
quarter million pounds all the way look
it look at even the brand of the
speaker's everything everything is like
handmade honesty it is all it's all like
so incredible is it nice to drive my
life is amazing yo Sam alright let's
move it Jim we've got to move it because
this cars in the way it's always calm
all gonna go in so it's got because all
wait wait let me see that key check that
out oh holy crap guys check out this key
you ready hey let's look at the screen
go down and look at the speakers - don't
go right back so you can see the
speakers here in here in the screen shut
up this video no no
so did you see that key guy that there
is the key I want to keep this car I'm
allowed to keep this car Aston Martin
please can I keep the card jim says he
doesn't want any like this Jim doesn't
like the gone there oh my gosh I'm so
terrified I'm gonna damage it though
don't scratch it on my wall imagine not
for my wall for the car I don't care
about a waffle well it's a big old car
as well yeah and I wrong in it I'm gonna
go you go first and I'm gonna move on
its own thing about the outlet side
rather than having like a stick where
you put it into your gears Park reverse
neutral with the color so it's literally
just Auto and then you just pressure
with Drive and they're like glasses well
guys it is like real glass you can do
gears you wanted I was doing easier the
other day and it's just so freaking
coordinate Martha got in earlier and I
was that Martha please like this cream
leather please not way John straight in
oh I knew that she's sitting there with
the roof not this yeah guys this is a
soft tapas ass this can come down so
cool I love the speakers that's sick
I've just been driving everywhere let me
drive in London look they lent it to me
for three days
mistress Megan you got a thousand miles
in three days we've arrived at the food
festival we're reminiscing about old
times when Zoey used to live in that
really cool flat facing the beach and
had the scariest lift in the entire
world that I got stuck in once their
time did I ever tell you when I got
stuck in that list no he's old rock my
love dead I got stuck in it once and
then some random man let me out I've
still believe it was actually a ghost
and I'm out oh yeah and tightening yeah
that place was dangerous I finally got
in that yeah I'm glad glad you don't
live there anymore this is the food
festival everybody it looks all service
on the beach as well which is really
really cool
I'm kind of torn between having my hair
out and wearing a hat I really want to
wear my hat but you guys get annoyed
when om Han loads so I'm trying for you
I'm trying to put in the effort in Shira
costs over now guys
whilst it's a red light here's your
ticket kids
no tickets they think you learnt there
you go we got a bloomin why not the
goodies Doolittle places
everyone's blogging today to me vlogging
today yeah Anton's vlogging today Zoe's
vlogging today we're all vlogging I
literally want everything there's like
burritos
Coronas Thai burgers fire calamari
there's literally a basic justice
calamari you guys know that is my
favorite my favorite is it your favorite
as well there it erupts within why did
we both just walk past there that's true
there are so many things available we
can't pick something too early we're
gonna have to see everything even about
you castle
yes Tanya look at the cute little
doggies but Nala would have never sat
there like that she would have running
on terrorizing what you to buy in
marshmallows
what is it marshmallow marshmallow is it
mallow I say mellow say what you know
I'm in town here on BRB here until five
minute and then when onion gel Intel by
XS where's the exit
so he's buying eleven marshmallows
marshmallows
I mean marshmallow guys I'm sorry I'm
sorry which one's your favorite
the lemon or let's get a lemon them
Harry that's my key these little guys
are all awesome la how you doing
so he's found the pizza straight in the
queue how happy are you gonna get a good
pork in this morning for a little
starter sausage onions and cheese so
he's got a tiny little pizza that she's
nearly finish chance come for the same
but no cheese I didn't know and Jim's
gone for loads he's gone for that and
sweet potato fries one hot dog down one
Pete's are down hot dog and chips down
hot dog down what we off to next
you gin and tonic gin and turn it on and
then calamari it's called down piece Jim
that B's gin and we tried it meat as
well as green is it good with a second
Jim thank you so much thank you
we just bought two bottles guys one for
me and one for Jen look at all this cue
and then the girls are at the front just
started raining or they were on the way
back to the car so he's got loaded
churros I've just eaten a load of
calamari and a load of churros we made
it in perfect time guys we couldn't have
gone on a better time we're leaving
actually yeah we left five minutes ago
probably would've been better than now
what have you two been up to
hello everybody we're back home I've
just been asleep on the sofa how long
was I sleep for like 20 minutes
Oh 40 minutes 40 minutes I'll sleep on
the sofa
summer has got this many stock food in
there the world and it's definitely not
no orders you know got really bad into
smell really yeah that's my how come
of course Tom would say that was a
really massive smoke and everything so
on yeah God Jim needs to go to the
hospital quick he does scars now it
sends the smell we can Depot you're
helpless I know there's nothing more
than a decoration
yeah just for the looks are we gonna go
and get food soon are we gonna go
shopping again we're there to wait rose
you have to come are we going to wait
throws weight is waitress the one that's
really close sorry
that is it I this is my left hand
yes I think I'm gonna hit you until Jim
just do it put me hips and again turn
coming look at this what's my name
alright come on Jim get your ass up turn
I need you to carry me no you can't do
it in here nada
good go in here good bed masters Papa
fat little one you jump in there as well
we're gonna go out shopping we're just
gonna go buy loads of food you two hang
out in there you've got lots of toys
you've got the water I'm going to give
you both a treat now all right here's a
tree each there's one PA Martha sit sit
no it's not for you Nala good go just go
we'll see you in a bit okay she doesn't
know to go on that good bye guys we'll
see you soon
it's a gun food shopping the girls are
in Zoey's mini and we've come out in the
Aston Martin which is insane because why
not
ridiculous we get along you've got it
for a few days so you may as well just
enjoy it I wish
it's right there oh my gosh Oh though I
mean I don't not my choice would be like
just passed and they're driving a car
that's like quarter of a million pounds
why sure it's probably be caught many
happens I'm so terrified of damping this
down and it's just so expensive that's
your car bro yep forever and ever
just going to live on the run this
deadly why why is that
ha ha right now
I dress you want to buy we're watching
the kids on the CCTV I see that
knowledge to sleep in one bed down here
and Martha's you see that kids know they
can be looking around waitress now and
there is a rogue cucumber I feel like
this was Tania this is something that
Tanya burr would do is cucumber in their
turn I'm sorry there's a row cucumber
that I blamed on you don't worry you've
got one in there get what do you mean
another one nothing then why this is the
most pleasing bear hey you'll do it
there you go
as if it makes that a lot of noise just
by pushing the Kia Tom's giving Percy a
little cuddle Oh Tommy
he feels like chunky aren't they so tiny
oh please leg I think maybe Meg oh my
god this is so cute hey no boy gorgeous
oh my god I want one this is all the
goods that we bought in Waitrose we've
got two common bears which are going to
be delicious
that's probably what I'm most excited
for
Todd's most excited to cuddle him do you
like hung like this something like it's
like a baby like he's gonna burp in yeah
see look a feel enjoying that he's not
shaking or anything so he must be nice
happy you happy and the last addition is
the salmon look at all of this oh my
gosh guys this looks awesome
I'll get with your honeybee feel my veil
oh my and all at the time we could
ask three cooked all of this you had to
find a film and you haven't found one G
and that means you can't eat anything
until you find the film Nikon asked us
that was your job Mary Higgins Clark
before something what do you think about
his film choice Jim enjoy homing a posh
car yo the whole thing is rock popper
Jeezy mm-hmm
we finished up all the dinner I'm
absolutely stuffed like so full
I'm so tired the dog is a mac out no
Martha
they're both terrorizing running around
like crazy aren't you we're currently
watching Jurassic world never seen this
before I'm going to come on sit down you
can never cuddle with me Martha no she
likes myself they all just like your
dressing gum reckoner little coat we may
have Jurassic world playing and
screaming in the background that leads
to close to spoon and smooth on the lap
at the same time I think not might be
splitting Martha slightly look at them
another oh my god a scene there look at
them realize that everybody has just
started leaving me time just going to
bed so he's basically going to bed
photos you know it can take out right
I've just been some my phone for the
last 15 minutes not even realizing
what's going on everything
where's my doggy where is she even
better if Tonya you're in the right nyla
come on
she's like Mary this one's all like
clean and like it's all fresh
come on Nala oh we're in here this isn't
your bed you know it's not your bed you
know like a big Greek man with his hairy
chest yeah what what you go to walk away
and then now now go back down no no I
need it one thing I need your funny
little thing when you kick me for what
are you thinking me wait ticking me hey
hey calm down we're going to sleep
thinking something about dogs Tommy's in
there yeah
you can't do that to avoid up go over
Willie yeah Lydia buzzes Willie's out
right up here lipstick comes out of me a
shaky shaky shaky shaky you look like a
little seal right everybody just put my
braces in some little bit lispy if
you've had a lovely day hope you've
enjoyed the dog we're now all tucked up
in bed knowledge literally under the
covers fast asleep I'm gonna in the bog
I'll catch you tomorrow I hope you've
enjoyed this if you've enjoyed the video
give it a big old thumbs up I'll catch
you guys tomorrow good guys now the
shorts guys I'm
