good morning little one
good morning come in and check outside
down then you go have a nice breakfast
you guys having a nice breakfast too
I'm just making myself a cup of tea this
thing's so cool you put half lemon in it
you squeeze it and just all the lemon
juice comes out
I'm sorry nollie you sleep in
good morning guys come on Missy
come on sugar fruit can we go for a walk
come here come over here did anyone
elses dog do that she just tries to run
away good come on sit down
it's my game baby
oh you've given up now then she knows
yes to make up I guess good girl
listen good girl coming then baby sit
no no jumpin we're gonna cheat no we're
going to teach you to take it nicely
nope my hands closed sit oh I dropped it
now haven't I go see mommy good
it is a blooming lovely day everybody
the sky is as blue as you could possibly
get for the UK let's do a couple of
clouds the lighting Zoe check this
lighting it looks like so clear it's
insane look at that oh yeah you can see
how graceful it you don't look gross
just come out to the countryside
knowledge loving our life on this walk
aren't you are you running around
looking forward to rabbit poo out here
literally when we don't take it to the
park when we take it out here in the
country sides just like random fields
she literally she spent the entire time
just looking for an eating rabbit poo
really really fun hobby cool hobby Nala
what are you doing what are you looking
should we go home little one is it time
to go to again she buzzed trying to go
see buzz hey hey mister none of what he
found
have you stolen his tree already sorry
bars and all is already stolen look at
her mom
oh goodness Sonali you can't come here
and still she's going to finish it in
like a minute
whenever Nana comes over here she
literally steals clubs and treats and
eats them moving like a minute because
she knows they're not hers
you two none of that's so naughty we've
kind of ordered a bit too much food as
usual but it is Friday night so I mean
it's okay the weekend guys oh my gosh
the cheese on that looks so good
I love them Italian packaging yeah your
slip that looks like so like your office
that is for your office at home doesn't
it yeah and then this year I got zzs I
got chicken pasta literally my favorite
common board it's called but it's so
good spicy chicken pasta kara a cube or
eonni or so I know balls with bits of
pepperoni in them oh yeah Pat's them
before yeah yeah you had them before
doggies you both happy you been running
around go go go alright guys sure and I
got a spare dinner we wanted to be who
we came over as a surprise for mom and
dad Zoey and I straight from the
countryside and these two trying to
surprise them surprise go away with you
guys now shorts guys I
what's up guys Oh daddy 1000 go one give
me one that comfy little one rocking her
face to sleep I'll give you a brain
damage whatever she's laughing it should
go home maybe not I just want to say a
massive thank you to this company for
sending us a Hoover I've known is it not
is it carpet cleaner shut up I thought
it was a Hoover no yeah okay say in
Zoey's vlog in Zoey's blog she hired a
like stain remover pop like industrial
rug doctor I don't know what that means
and stain remover I'm beautiful cleanly
versus the leading rental and that's
literally what it is yeah so basically
didn't work very well it didn't get the
stain out that we that we've got
upstairs I showed you the stain before
and the vloggers basically Zoey left a
pumpkin in her office upstairs and then
I dropped foundation for about a month
or two and it three weeks it was about a
month and it went all like soggy and
it's stained with a cop orange and then
Zoey drop foundation was a foundation
all over the carpet right lovelies in a
room that we don't use matches by
upstairs it's in Zoey's office from and
some company this just turned up the
house today I don't think we should get
out now
no it's basically like a carpet cleaner
so thank you very much to bristle or
rather this is not on sir guys Bissell
they literally just sent us a carpet
cleaner thank you very handy we're going
to use that probably not this weekend
because tonnage in here probably not the
most exciting thing or though like
because she said that she mentioned that
they said it's like a rock
yeah that's how you know you're an adult
when you get excited that there's a
carpet Weiner in your peer box
I'm joking so why not my stress virus
what do you think
let me guys are getting your stress out
yeah they work I'm not stressing one
that's me let me try it I get stressed
quite easy guys
if I'm busier then I just get stressed
and then my chest hurts more and I get
my chest pain everybody yesterday's vlog
yesterday's blog when I got this
everyone in my corner was commenting
saying it does not look like a stress
virus it looks like something else
you guys are naughty none of that guy
isn't it's a stress virus it's catchy
you can we have that break yet look at
it panic
I'm scared it's gonna snap yeah alright
she's very sharp look at knowledged
waiting for us to go to bed should we go
to bed little one you know what your
drink apple juice to know what your
stress virus she don't wanna play with
that tonight everyone laughed when I
bought these guys genuinely really
really good so much easier yes you did
you said it was a weird present look at
that now I just bugged my phone yet now
then never ever fall off and also look
at this down here from when I went to
can see Troy stuck on side of my bed you
look like a seal your body literally
looks like a seal ah scratch your belly
I think this is the first time the null
is ever slept at the bottom of the bed
normally she sleeps right here and
sleeps this way as well as so annoying
isn't it but tonight you're sleeping at
the bottom no doubt any minute you're
going to come back up to the top I'm
going to end my vlog now guys thank you
so what did I say what did I literally
say I said you're gonna go back up the
top I see
like I didn't start the vlog this
morning properly I feel like it didn't
say good morning guys I think I
completely forgot because I woke up
super early to let my like to go to the
toilet and gave her breakfast and got
myself a drink and a banana and Zoey a
drink as well and then I just don't
think I said good morning guys so if I
forgotten I'm going to input clip now of
me saying good morning guys it might
confuse you at the beginning but if
you've watched this far you can
understand why I've just filmed it now
I'm going to put that at the beginning
of the video I hope you've enjoyed this
video I'm going to end this right now
because it is currently quarter to 12:00
at night we ended up saying my parents
to like nearly 11 o'clock
super super late you excited for
tomorrow sorry see Tonya and Jim yes yes
yes we we're going to go to the feed
market yeah there's a food festival in
Brighton tomorrow was actually on a
weekend so go to it if you're on
Brighton but we're gonna head over
tomorrow
we're so excited it's like the most yeah
I'm just saying for these guys because
I've still got Sunday and Monday so head
down to the bright food festival I think
you have to pay something like 10 pounds
to get in but it is so worth it there is
the most delicious food ever
and just the vibes the community like
the cute little kids playing with each
other and people who like really cute
dogs and yeah it's just really really
cool govern all of your family your
friends take your girlfriend your
boyfriend whatever have a good time
take your dog as well we're going to be
taking olive along and Martha and Martha
we're going to take a Martha along as
well okay bye super exciting days ahead
guys get ready for some really fun vlogs
I will catch you tomorrow give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
let's try and smash 23,000 23,000 thumbs
up is your aim I'll catch you tomorrow
good night but I'm back home now and
whilst I've been gone there was a
massive massive massive box has arrived
and I've no ow idea none and what is it
you know what it is
