morning guys good morning good morning I
feel like I'm still in Orlando got my
sunglasses on a bit too keen it is
definitely not sunny or warm here at the
moment but I'm trying to still still
tell myself that the end that I'm still
in a warm place just finished up at the
dentist had an hour long oh my hat fat
blow-off had an hour long dentist
appointment today to sort out my new
Invisalign braces I told you guys before
I've got one tiny little kink in my
teeth left but I'm not too happy with
wow that looks awesome look at that
beautiful view so I've got one tiny
little kink left in my teeth that I'm
not too keen on and I basically just
done the molds and on the pictures and
everything to be able to get some new
Invisalign braces mayy to get rid of
that tiny little kink that have here
it's all looking good it's all looking
good everybody it's going to get sorted
then my teeth are going to be a straight
as possible and then I want to get them
whitened but for now for today I hope
you having a lovely day number one
number two I'm going to go and grab a
Starbucks because I haven't even had
breakfast yet
I've come to for me insurance well they
shouldn't not here Sean is that where I
didn't go to Starbucks because as you
know from being in America I'm trying my
best to be healthy for this family
holiday that we've got coming up in like
eight or nine weeks or something so
instead I went to a juice bar and I
purchase some have ever been running an
almond milk green matcha have no idea
something healthy I am immune orange
tumeric ginger and lemon something else
out there and an almond milk charcoal
protein drink something else healthy
just realize are still haven't got any
food having a breakfast yeah pop have
you got food well every time I come over
your fridge empty
you make the process then look at people
fridges I have to make me eggs just full
of like fruit and veg well it's like the
good stuff I can't give you that mom and
dad I have enough dinner then or you can
have what is all of this my automate
your egg on toast Poppy's copy made look
at this Poppy's copied me I've got that
in my office
whom I bought mine framed coffee and me
it was nice to get to see poppy but I'm
back home now and whilst I've been gone
there was a massive massive massive box
has arrived and I've no ow idea no no
what is it you know what it is I have no
idea what I've ordered in fact I know
one thing but I can't remember are you
sitting down here enjoying the Sun with
me yeah but I can't remember what the
other thing that I ordered was so I want
to open it with you guys but a dinner to
put you once to open it shall I put you
down there ok
this is probably the least attractive
angle of me in the world
ah I remember one of them was ok that's
one of them what some free Harry buy
sweets thank you loads of this stuff I'm
going to balance you on the box that
everything came in so I got two things
this one here is basically a kit for
your beard like your stubble let's make
like moisturize it and make it better
like just good for you but at the same
time also include glitter so it's like a
beard oil that's also glittery so I
thought I'd try out at the video
I've been looking recently for some like
beard oil and stuff so like make my lip
beard softening oil I didn't even know
it was a thing until I started speaking
someone who had an incredibly nice
shaped beard looked very clean and fresh
and he said that he used be
oil so I bought some and this one also
comes with glitter so just thought it'd
be fun to try in a video make my stubble
glittery but also good at the same time
now this is the excited thing on the
website there was a thing called the
mystery box I think it was a mystery box
or mystery gift or something you pay 25
pounds and you get something random from
the website like you don't know what it
is and I also got it gift-wrapped as
well so it's all wrapped up like proper
like a present I've paid 25 pounds for
it and I have no idea what it is
should we do it should we just do it now
and see what's in it right um I'm kind
of nervous because I could have just
wasted my money really badly or it could
be awesome and could be worth more than
25 pounds what on earth is this
it literally says on it mystery box and
has like question marks and things like
I have no idea what is in this let's
open it up dude dude dude what on earth
is this right what is this a monster
cushion and mods ticklish wow that's the
softest thing I've ever felt in the
world no one is going to love it
that's so cool maybe for when you're
traveling you can just sleep like this
like on the I can take this on plane
journeys with me and then I can just
sleep like that I'm happy with that look
a little monster pillow little monster
cushion that's quite oh that's quite
cool now that I got you a present this
is the c'mon stir no I'm going to eat
you yeah she's riding away I'm going to
you I'm going to I'm going to get y'all
oh my god she's getting it she's getting
the monster oh no not a great beat up
it's gonna get you beat up get it all
huh oh yeah
and while she beats that up let's have a
look what else I got
I got hunting trophy door light what on
earth is this LED light with sensor and
hook okay so when you open the door to
go to leave the light comes on and your
keys are hanging on it and it lights up
to let you know to remember to take your
keys with that's genuinely really handy
that's really cool we got two things
left what is this little no why shut up
shut up but there's no context that
literally no way that's not real is it
sweet I thought it was real Nintendo
Game Boy Pokemon like I think it might
be like chewing gum or something but I
thought it was a real game at first I
was like what does he come with a
gameboy ah-ah-ah
oh my gosh ah
that's soap um ah yeah hello
oh my god that tastes so so pious
disgusting I literally just bit into it
thinking it is bubblegum that's soap oh
I go get drink it doesn't say that it's
soap anywhere on earth Oh literally on
the back here it says in red massive
bold writing pokemon red so definitely
do not eat that oh my gosh that was so
disgusting we got one more gift in here
which is a stress virus oh I need that I
get stress e this could be handed it's
like one of those stress balls it's one
of those things that just feel so like
good to squeeze if I don't know what
it's got inside it but whatever it is
it's good to take your anger out on I
think for 25 pounds that was pretty damn
good like it could have gone so wrong I
couldn't just got something that didn't
that I didn't like at all
have you finished beating up that
monster now have you finished hopes he's
coming back for it she's coming back for
another fight were there you're looking
for your monster to fight so I got a
monster a stress virus a hunting trophy
door light and pokemon red bubble gun
which is definitely not bubblegum
anyways let's get on with the day the
daily vlog has just gone live this very
second and I just checked it you guys
aren't even so much lovely sports always
so thank you so much for everything no
you have a nice day in the Sun should we
take you out do you want to go out the
Sun stood out in the sky still
absolutely lovely weather I might head
down to the beach you know and go
skating I've been skateboarding actually
the reason why I haven't been
skateboarding is because I love some
escape or didn't I I tried to take it to
Florida and I couldn't find that so
maybe I can't go skating I'm currently
reading through the comments from
today's daily vlog and so many of you
are saying Alfie you never announced the
360-degree camera giveaway you never
told anyone he won the
camera I completely forgot I'm so sorry
so I'm currently on the video where I
said that I'll give one of you a 360
camera and I'm going through the
comments now and I'm going to pick a
winner so if you don't already know
what's going on basically I asked you
guys to comment on this video is a video
called new studio tour and I basically
asked you to leave a comment telling me
why you should win it what you're going
to do with the camera and what videos
you're going to make so I'm just going
to be doing this 23 and a half thousand
comments obviously a comedy through all
of them but I'm going to read a few like
tons and tons of them now and then I'm
going to pick a winner and let you guys
know in this video who has won the
camera the camera is currently at my
studio in town so I can't like show you
it now in the video that is a 360 camera
it's really really cool I bought it for
myself but I've never ended up using it
so I think one of you guys should have
it rather than me because I'm just not
going to end up using it for film
schooled from a horror movie that sounds
called a 360 horror movie I'm an Irish
scout leader and I filmed trips away
your film ton of videos are completely
interactive like one will you be trapped
in a room and you need to get out that
sounds cool I'd use the cover to record
my brother's wedding
oh that's are so cute oh my gosh a
wedding video in 360 if I win I'll give
the camera to a good friend of mine to
film my own wedding in a month
a cheerleading competition at Disney
World my team is going to the summer
which is the most prestigious
competition in all-star cheerleading
world that sounds political
there are literally so many comments it
is insane the amount of you that are
saying that you're going to go on a cool
holiday man I don't know how I can Vic
there are so many ridiculous ones like
what this one sounds really cool I would
use this from Emily Sharpe I would use
the 360 camera to film my sailing
adventures in Australia on the one and
all tool ship like a pirate ship we are
a volunteer run nonprofit organization
and think awesome 360 videos will really
draw will really help draw lots of
attention to us
and allow us to do more youth
development voyages that sounds amazing
you're helping out the youth you're
sailing or blooming
pirate ship around Australia and you run
in a non-profit organizer like this is
crazy
and you already watched 360 videos you
think it helped draw attention I didn't
ask the one that I'm going to have to go
with Emily sharp I'm about to message
you now you have just won the 360 camera
it has been incredibly hard so thank you
so much for all the messages and I hope
that everybody who did apply is happy
for Emily because this is just awesome
this sounds so so special and it's going
to help out not only her but tons of
other people with the nonprofit
organization you've developed Verne this
are so exciting Emily I'm going to email
you now if you're watching I'm going to
try and email you now and get your
details and send you the camera wherever
you live in the world we're going to
send it to you I've just been trying to
find out Emily sharps email for the last
like 20 minutes or so I have been on
Twitter search and Emily Sharpe
Emily shot boat Emily Sharpe Australia
Emily shot sailing and I can't find
anything to contact her so Emily if
you're watching please email me I will
know it's probably Emily because I can
go through the YouTube account of check
that it's you as well once I once you
email me so nobody pretend to be Emily
it's not going to work out or if you
know Emily let her know that I'm trying
to get in contact with that and
hopefully I can sell my camera
we've got 20 minutes from now Nala let's
go on a good walk coming in good yeah
hey John a tree is that why you're
jumping coming in I made it in perfect
timing
you're never gonna guess what I've got
for dinner I don't even know what to
show you what I can just you can imagine
what I've got salmon salad and Gillian
wah actually it's not even quinoa it's
rice I spent the entire rest of the
evening I'm still wearing a hat the
entire rest of the evening it's not this
Sunday's main Channel video with Louise
and Marcus it's nearly there like it is
so nearly done I'm going to go to bed
though now because it's 20 minutes to
twelve and I need to beat this jetlag
like I really really need to just kick
it in the butt I woke up today quite
late went to bed last night quite late
Zoe's already in bed Niall is also
already in bed in fact I'm going to end
my vlog down here right let's go say
goodnight to normal that she's already
tucked up in bed then a little one and I
see in the morning Shh you boys are so
noisy probably keep not up at nighttime
you've already got food and drink I can
see that on the game I fell down hey
guys because so he's fast asleep upset
she's literally been in bed since like
hot past 7:00 this evening I hope you've
enjoyed the video if you have give it a
big ol thumbs up I'm not sure what I'm
going to go out to tomorrow
I think tarnish your Mustain tomorrow
night I'm not too sure I know they come
here for the weekend but I think they're
coming tomorrow Friday night tomorrow's
Friday Saturday and Sunday but I'm not
too sure what I'll let you guys know
you're going to see in the vlogs so be
excited for that
and yeah that's about it I'll catch you
tomorrow morning thanks so much for Jim
thank you so much for this book give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it as
usual let's see if we can smash 24,000
thumbs up that's your challenge I'll
catch you tomorrow
ah okay boys okay okay Shh you can have
one snack each there you go then you
don't know you dropped it there you got
no Derrick oh good boys
