good morning guys good morning good
morning good lord
connie web map BB merch hoodie today got
my hat on again because I just can't be
bothered to do my hair but it looks like
this today I mean I might put some gel
in it at some point but I just got such
a long day of meetings
my first meeting starts at 10:00 a.m.
remember I'm jet night so it's
technically three hours behind but then
I slept tons yesterday and it's all over
the place like home my body doesn't have
a clue what time it is it is currently
nine fifty seven I've got three minutes
until my first meeting begins and that
lasts until twelve o'clock and then I've
got a meeting from 12 o'clock
no from one o'clock until seven o'clock
in evening one till seven and then at
7:30 I've got a dinner book with Zoey
and a load of work people until I don't
know into the meeting to the dinner
finishes so but it's going to be hard it
is going to be very very hard and just
put some socks on and some aftershave
make sure smell good
oh I can taste her I've got so much
explaining to do I told you today was
going to be busy
I finished my meeting late my first
meeting was from 10:00 a.m. until 1 a.m.
1 a.m. no 1 p.m. lunch time it's meant
to end at 12:00 then I was going to edit
the vlog and upload it didn't have time
I went straight to my next meeting which
I've just finished now literally just
finished my second meeting and the time
7:49 in the evening there's loads of
people looking at me vlogging 7 49 in
the evening everybody I'm so sorry I'm
so sorry that the vlog is Israel
mismatched they're promised you once we
get home we're going to have some fun
I nodded off for dinner with Zoey and a
loaded gleam people hotel do man why
let's go get some dinner and then we're
gonna phone when we get home work is now
finished maybe showing us all a nap good
one
what's it good one second every day
one second every day you wish you film a
second of your life every day and it
chops it off puts it together she's
teaching Zoey how to edit it all it's
quite cool though if I notified you
Wednesday on your lips a mole Tom Stern
as well have you got it
lemon air quit you've only got one
second
quickly kick magic war have you gone for
yeah cause yeah I'm gone for a chicken
salad here's the moment the moment of
truth the moment of truth everybody all
three of us Maddy
Zoe and I are all here who does not only
go - my bet is on Zoe
yay Zoe are we home are we home we are
back home after dinner which was
absolutely delicious although I had and
I'm actually being serious when I say
this tons of cause yet in my salad and
as you know I'm not the biggest fan of
cause yet because I have pasta cause yet
yeah courgette pasta which you trying to
get Maddie to play with you i am i did i
did have courgette pasta in one of those
vlogs because the woman in jamie
oliver's said it was the best dish on
the menu so I had to go for it and it
didn't even taste like all yet it was
amazing what fun do we want tonight do
we want to play electric shock
lie-detector shocking liar low medium or
high
Anala vary in voltage do we want to play
that or do we want to play with a wobble
bubble
do you want to play the wubble bubble a
wobble bubble brawl I don't even know
what it is I just bought two of them
online 290 sent to me Oh keep on
dropping it wobble bubble balls is that
what we want to play with look at happy
is he's loving the wubble bubble I've
only got to hate this wobbles she's
gonna be so scared of the wubble bubble
how is that gonna go up to 90 centimeter
yeah right I'm gonna turn the light on a
sec just so we can play with the wubble
bubble there we go my bobble Bobble yet
my th that's the best I'm mad about what
the hell are you two doing
we've also put our pajamas on I really
hate the cozy evening Maddy's staying
over tonight cuz everybody's got a
meeting tomorrow don't worry we've got a
pump yeah but is it batteries in it
I think it's mugs into the mains I've
got back yes go and get some batteries
but what's that what is four times D I
will have to find out I also don't have
a screwdriver life it's kind of soft is
now you know like what are those things
that used to go like this river when
you're younger Jen but with me do you
have that so you're going to know you
know those things when you're younger do
you like oh I mean now you know I'm
talking about
oh you're an idiot
why would someone do this
look at the size of the factories you
need oh around of bloomin heck
is that someone you push it
why would so many ever have batteries
that size Hendershot game you're playing
it too right we're playing the shot game
everybody this is when you need those
like little crack assess you know the
ones where you get this little
screwdrivers and then in a crack attack
your honor together we're going to get
to our found Oh screwdriver watch out
for Nana over here Sapna tiny little
screwdriver the AAA which replay that's
frickin triple-a triple-a annoyed we
need three Triple A batteries everybody
we've got about twenty six
double-a battery sitting over there here
we go you play money come on comments it
here you can do it you can comment it in
you do it you Jung write the lie
detector done so can one of you please
just read this product is not a toy yeah
this product is not a toy it's a rather
quiet barking had a kid on the TV this
product is not a toy whose product emits
an electric shock oh yeah I don't always
happen in game I was like er I've also
got Fitbit what do it why is that good
anything I got that bitch the wall I
remember this is this is obviously gonna
track your heart rate right to see like
how yeah I'm usually roughly 55 and now
I'm up 65
putting myself at risk again right just
start with you then show me out no not
with me yeah why not I'm not doing this
between you two bombs oh yeah no okay
let's start with an easy one so that we
can like check that works yeah okay okay
yeah this is gonna work it's just gonna
be random then there's no point is I can
cool first place your right hand into
the lie detector in there and make sure
you are making contact with all the
senses press the read press the reset
button and keep your hand stationary
press analyze the button the unit will
take a reading of your vital statistics
for comparison when you are questioned
the line level LEDs will activate seek
sequin chili and you will hear the
product emit a reading complete tone
your details have now be loaded into the
lie detectors computer you are ready to
be questioned also you know the first
time you pressed it and nothing happens
yeah that took your readings have you
reset it yeah can I take my these
readings now right
so I'm pressed analyzing request that no
should I do now
yeah and it isn't isn't shot car it's
just taking your reading you're reading
analyze dress is taking your readings
Madi okay so now we ask you a question
and then I press Start menu press
alright go so stress you Jennifer
do you love Nala more than Alfie No
my cabinets bad to find out a memory the
camera cut off Maddy was telling the
truth she prefers me the NOLA
okay right Zoe your turn to ask a
question no okay yes your turn you have
to go to reset so what would you feel
like this come screeching a bit closer
what you feel by this you told the truth
and you didn't get shocked see all we
have to do is just tell the truth if I'm
too scared
what you won her make Darius cuz I
didn't let you want to know why is that
it's our tradition to throw the time but
it might not be that is that no is a
proper work it really works well no I'm
teasing
come on reset for an idea this one
doesn't shorten that all right you feel
stress very stressed ask the question
and even that'd be a no I don't want I
don't know what the um there's one no I
don't know what it's gonna feel this one
wait meow do you love Zoe more than
mother Oh coming on do you love me more
than Allah
yes I've already lied guys I've lied
oh no oh oh shut up what yes
all right tell max we should have chose
these three questions or something so we
don't have to keep analyzing have you
ever wanted to quit it's just like a
weird sensation that's like two out of
four not me she doesn't want to go but
you know you said use it you like
knowing no wait it's really just what it
does what you imagine have you ever
wanted to quit YouTube no I'm certain
with my
tree are you know asked me to voice to
put your hands on them okay pick it up
oh I mean that's a really good quality
it definitely looks like some I'd like
baseball like you don't think you do
all right well there we go do you fancy
me right now I fancy you right now yeah
would you mean like do you think I like
attractive right haha oh god it's not
enough Ria's broken up or something kind
of attractive right now yeah oh my you
said don't lie you're cheering waiting
what man you ran away with that
I was bored that was gonna be a bit of a
heart o quickly which I have it good oh
boy could see we've done quick question
again yeah it's not going to you did you
like Marcus but there's no Instagram
yeah is it you see that it is boxes in
that picture yes everyone liked that one
Oh being serious
this toy was like ten pounds is a load
of crap how does it work every time
yeah yeah that's true I don't get it do
you like the scrapbook of my life by
Alfie deyes yeah got to find out Maddy
this thing was so expensive it's really
realistic this officially is not real
time don't believe that right I want to
try it
also the abscess come up and you know go
download the app I put it 11 four out of
four yeah
would you prefer to date Taylor Swift
than me what do you mean I don't know
that as a person a question answer it
No
I'm so screwed oh thanks great you would
have got away with that
well Martha would you want more
enjoyment wanna get out Oh cuz you have
another shock yeah yeah because I just
tell the truth
oh joy are you a tidy person yeah I
started to get oh what your guys one guy
come on to end the video he would you on
one no it's that if the M is the Builder
I can't handle it alright I feel like
either no you can't do it oh god I'm so
I dunno I'm British wounded about I
can't bloody play my wobble bubble
that's all I wanted to do tonight Flav
my water bubble you happy with that tree
is it big enough for you is it I'm so
tired I just woken up apparently fell
asleep on the sofa I believe that I mean
I've never tried anywhere now I'm
talking about come on guys so he's fast
asleep as well
anyways as I said we often see the
jungle book make our treat
