good morning good morning good morning
guys good morning look where I am
back in my garden take my dog out to the
toilet I've gone from sunny Orlando like
30 degrees to take my dog out for a poo
just living the life up live in the UK
life in the cold is even snowing in
London like I'm so glad I don't live in
London Marcus went from 30 degrees were
in shorts and a vest to actual snow in
London I've just got it like freezing
cold but not snow too insular to the
block have you missed these guys have
you missed them coming them you need the
toilet what you doing don't eat that
grass stop eating the grass that's
naughty
today has just been like whoa crazy so I
landed into London Gatwick Airport which
is about half an hour away from my house
I was expecting a taxi driver to pick me
up and drop me back home as per usual
when I walked through the airport to see
some little tiny person holding the
camera waiting not like is that one of
you guys was that a viewer that I've
never met before I recognized this
person and as I got closer and closer I
realized it was Zoe it wasn't a taxi
driver Zoe drove she woke up at quarter
to 6:00 5:45 this morning
drove all the way to London Gatwick and
surprised me and picked me up from the
airport she logged it so I'm guessing
he'll be going up on her second channel
over the next couple of days we then got
home at about half past 9:00 in the
morning and I was dead like a nine-hour
flight it just killed me it killed me
the flight I got that other zone please
can we both just have a nap it's super
early so we got into bed at like 10
o'clock my woke up at 2:00 I woke up at
2 p.m. 2 p.m. anyways everybody I'm
going to be honest with you guys now the
time is 24 minutes past 8:00 in the
evening 24 minutes past 8:00 and evening
and the vlog has only just begun and you
guys haven't even seen Zoe yet we
reunited we're back home together with
the puppy with the dog is not a still
even a puppy I call her a puppy even
though she's like 1 and a half right we
need to put our shoes on we need to get
going
because my mom texted me yesterday and
the rest of the family said she's booked
all of us to go and see Jungle Book
tonight I am so excited if you guys
don't already know the new jungle book
film is it when did it come out like
literally really like the other day and
we're going to like a really really cool
cinema called the Juke wait are we going
to the Duke of York with the commedia
the commedia I don't know they're both
the same but just in separate location I
don't know is owned by the same company
ego you enjoy that wash we're gone okay
we'll be back soon just got out so his
car now everybody how you doing we
haven't seen yet since I've been back oh
yeah
oh my god I have a rock of you yet I
need to start my vlog like two minutes
ago was taking all her out for a week
what well it's cold for me because I'm
used to 30 degrees now volume in a way
you're breathing well Marcus landed now
it's snowing in London yeah
it's snowing how crazy is that like in
April yeah it is we live in rubbishy UK
has the worst weather okay okay
no I do like it I just would like a bit
more Sun I was going to say all seasons
that we kind of have like fun for about
three weeks a year so a little bit of
one of the seasons anyways as I said
we're off to go and see the jungle book
I know
I have no idea what that is yeah I can
smell illegal substances zoe has the
nose of a sniffer dog literally like the
tiniest scent of marijuana and she can
sniff it out from a mile away
no I bet you that you always point out
that though I can always smell it right
now we've never been known I know it's a
sewing shop that's what he wasn't
haven't been there what the sewing that
made made our drink in that's all thanks
we could go make some art oh yeah really
haha he excited for the jungle book yeah
money yes I'm actually really really
excited for it here we go to the cinema
Goodison behind the thing yep
poppy insuring a mum I've already gone
up the others room arrived
dad could have made it that's got to
work late tonight unfortunately Savage
on him everyone else's percent of all
his wagon and I believe they've left the
tickets out for us because the film's
already started although honestly the
film started I mean
in here the film the film started which
basically means 20 minutes at the tiny
cinema
someone later baby
it is so cold out here we've left mum
and puppy and Shirin stupidly
we all parked in different car parks and
mums like way over that way or just said
goodbye to her as soon as we came out
put me ashore over that way we're up
here what did you think of the film it
was so good you think it's good yeah I
thought it was really really good the
strangest thing about it is that nobody
was an actor except from the little boy
but there's only one actual base for
your film I was like think how they
would have filmed this like it would
have just been the most insane green
screen and he was the only like thing
but a note was crazy the graphics were
insane oh this car park has a fancy
little chip to use instead of a ticket
oh oh well that would help wouldn't it
pin in the right place full house oh
that's not too bad actually for Brighton
well my dad always collected the ones I
see throwing a necklace because I've
been there around like a permit oh when
I had one I'm younger we've had money
Burke not yet oh thanks for that I had
one in school once when I was young then
you could push the middle out and pop it
back in whenever he I always wished on
it in case it was the Queen's nose was
ever the Queen's nose me and my friend
making
unrealistic wish I'm not going to say
what it was and it came true there we go
I've come for the car with petrol on the
way home and we're going to pick up some
food for dinner I have no idea what he I
don't even know what time it feels like
for me
it's kind of like middle of the day I'm
also tired but it also might get some
cheese hey cashew nuts you like a shoe
nuts is it really good for you you get a
basket gosh I don't get a basket mark
Street rod buy some quinoa sweet
potatoes avocado nuts see you're not as
most excited to see me or Zoe my money
is on Zoe as usual hey baby that's not
fair you've got a daddy to NOLA come
here cool okay don't worry I'm not gonna
ever feed you again never ever going to
give you a treat I'm never ever gonna
give you a treat now cooking up my
dinner we've got some chicken oh we've
got quinoa with vegetable stock ignore
the lighting it's kind of like we've got
a little party going on but I can't do
anything about it our light bulbs are
just weird
I've just finished cooking up my dinner
I got some quinoa but this time actual
like proper cooked quinoa not just put
in a microwave for 90 seconds like usual
which is what I normally eat with my
salmon I probably cook some quinoa oh
the Lighting's sorted in like a pan
that's what you call it or like a little
little saucepan hello Missy hey my
friend some vegetable stock for like 15
minutes simmered that they're not also
cooked up some chicken a chicken breast
free-range chicken breast to be precise
got to be free-range and I rubbed it in
Nando's peri-peri mild rub Zoe's just
finished eating some pasta and we sat
down to watch the new Geordie Shore
wedge
I don't watch this isn't this isn't me
this is a Rizzoli observe is obsessed
with Geordie Shore and I just get
dragged into it
you let you sit Maria I one or two the
new ones so bad
that's obsessed obsessed to be clear in
my diary to watch it on the day it's on
TV this is a recorded one I just would
quite like to what KITT but wait I've
got to let go
pretend I'm actually looking at the room
God do it get there again bye-bye that's
my favorite thing to do is kiss her
buddy here and this little bit he tired
you don't want to go up to bed she just
wants me to carry her that's why she's
doing it she's hey yeah oh you know when
you are a young when you're a kid and
you pretend to be asleep on the circuit
you did that until I was like 15
surprised we didn't know one hey so I
bought Zoey a few presents while starts
way in America because as you know we
went to the mall at millennia or the
mall of millenia cop into the name of F
got my braces in some a little bit Miss
B so far I've given her some underwear I
bought her and I did get help for Maddy
and Alex and a t-shirt that says you're
one in a melon and an underwater
disposable camera it's underwater
but there was one present left that I
that I chose particularly myself that I
really really liked and I in fact I did
buy it for myself as well that she's got
she's got a wire to please let me
quickly show you guys what it is fast so
it's this you see what that is so it
goes like that can you see what it is
so he's trying to guess what it is
really eyes closed you have it this way
yeah do you put photos in it
nope you'll never guess it
can you eat it yeah you can Toya you
eyes closed right now you can't turn
promise me joy I swear on my life
yup oh no no you put your fingers
crossed I'm hungry no wait if I keep
doing tonight I've been your eyes never
look okay but you just got this view I
bought myself a separate one so do you
see what it is so you stick that onto
your desk on the edge and then your
charges and that can't fall off oh
that's so good I've seen people have
these on their bedside oh yes how good
is that
yeah that's so good I mean so romantic
yeah such a key present for your
boyfriend Michael Alfie present isn't
that good though yes I'm gonna put one
of them now my bedside no I've got my
boat my phone's charging out my bedside
table I could have one there and one
there so that when it's unplugged they
don't stick on butcher paper all these
all of the rest just basically not that
one then that's great watch your pretty
boy this is really useful like I feel
like a lot wrong you would find a lot of
use of this yeah and it does bring
another look so not least which one's
your favorite out for the president I'm
really excited
underwater disposable camera I don't
know underwear t-shirt and this one
don't forget this one
okay I'm gonna in my vlog now guys I
have no idea what I filmed today we
started the blog eight o'clock it is now
but a minute Zoe how are you still awake
it's 3:00 a.m. and we've got a meeting
tomorrow morning at 10:00 a.m. why why
am I still wearing a hat in bed because
my hair looks like the history I've been
awake we got seven hours until our
meeting hours right if you're happier
than I'm back home with Zoe and Nala
yeah that all has just been fast asleep
for so long if you're happy then I'm
home give video bigger clap your hands
give the video a big old thumbs up I
will catch you tomorrow
what you doing go to sleep
I'll get it you gone you've got a top
one Valley shoes I read I'm gonna leave
it then right I see you tomorrow guys
good night Finola babes do you
understand how much room you're taking
up dude before you watch today's vlog
there is a super exciting announcement
right at the end of this video
sustained to the end
