before you watch today's blog there is a
super exciting announcement right at the
end of this video
sustained to the end good morning guys
good morning how you doing you having a
lovely day today we are spending the day
at Disney we've already arrived we
packed up all of our stuff left the
hotel we're spending the day at Disney
before we go off to the airport right
back tonight you excited
Louise is very excited luggage already
got the ears on one of you guys one of
you guys gave me this at the meeting
great the marketing I did we've got hats
river watch out marks our stack today
couldn't we get a picture later
everybody what do you think switched up
I've got to this one was a little tight
in my head now I've got two different
hat options look good in front of her oh
my gosh how exciting look at Louise
river little tripod love in her life
here's the gang we've all got hacks and
stuff this is busy no matter what age
you are where you're from in the world
you need to come to Disney also look at
these ears at least once in your life it
is not just for kids Disney is for
anybody it is such an experience you
need to come
my new house tour everybody Disney score
goes right here this is best everybody
alright today what is your favorite hot
business you have a favorite one do you
get time to go on it imagine no names
that I really really wanted I still come
on it last time she cried the whole way
yeah she gets to she gets scared of like
ghosts and just good I said Jeff see
this one's good now yeah best she wants
to take us on the Haunted Mansion ha
isn't it good what was that switching up
my hat guys I've got to yeah Louise hit
the dab we're lucky enough to be with
best today guys she's taking care of us
showing us around thank you so much how
excited for you guys the cab en are ya
ready kids
are you ready good I am oh my god hey
Jack never a man oh hey I didn't which
one's this Splash Mountain I'm excited
this is like one of those rides ready
basically have like a super steep drop
and then the more cheapest question
everywhere I don't know am I gonna have
to blog it yeah am I actually that was
my camera gonna get wet dude it's the
last chance is that the big drop that's
what we're coming down in a second
oh my gosh look how happy these two are
the story be really tamed and really
cute but I know it's just tricking us
yeah they're lying to us it's going to
be scary in a second is this it now oh
no lies is coming at the end look at the
light at the end of the tunnel this is a
canary
I just got so wet oh my gosh my top it
went so fast I drew my camera into my
chest and then put it back out
these guys up front are even more wet
than us Marty sunglasses get in it oh my
god yeah wonderful day
let me see your dress I have no idea
what we're about to go on what's this
like gold I gave my big blue hat and
waiter a little boy didn't have any hats
on it's looking at mine are you doing
today
lovely to meet you know get mattress
young kid he was so cute and he had no
hat and he was like loving I had to try
to open it on his head both my father's
making operation they own everybody here
just shoulder you adaptors then like
I'll go take a picture
you guys right there that was so good
only there's a chocolate banana ice
cream funny thing that we need to be
getting it's basically frozen banana
covered in chocolate
Wow Annie looks like a Winnie honestly I
1 1 2 3 drop the banana so this is what
it looks like comes at all y'all that is
good
how happy Maddie there is how happy your
banana Gaby
this is actually delicious like so is it
kind of know again so it's kind of held
this just a banana or did man check
least Russia no idea what's going on
Louise was too scared to come in last
time I came on with her going down Max
or your pants to do this learning
observation on our summer get our great
style
I owe its we go
are you on fashion are you ready
that was good that was so good it is
absolutely crazy that my hat blew off
and that woman caught it whoops we were
going round that roller coaster
absolutely mad we are now heading over
to Space Mountain which I've been on
before it is like mostly pitch black
super fast super crazy I'm not going to
be a vlog yet because I will literally
lose my camera this one is pretty scary
this is like the most intense one here
we go guys Space Mountain
look at that that's so good we've
switched up parks we just jumped in the
car and we've headed over to which ones
this the Hollywood Studios Hollywood
studios and we are about to go on is
this the Tower of Terror the Tower of
Terror Jeremiah piers you just continue
I thought that was a roller coaster that
was like while they're gonna be holdin
on the market we are get me hard in when
Jamarcus guys put your column oh my gosh
got my chicken nuggets and chips very
happy thank you so much see you later
we're back at the airport now everybody
we've finished up everything a hotel
collected all our luggage I nearly lost
my main suitcase the driver gave it
accent into another driver and when we
were getting outta here at the airport I
was like oh my case is missing in him
Zack I don't know where it is - about 15
minutes to find it and get the drive to
come and drop it over what do you guys
do it and we're about to the head home
flight is already delayed an hour and a
half but it's not too bad sony an hour
and a half
Chiqui no gym sesh
yeah thanks so much thank you
there's our plane everybody here we go
this is my chair that's mark you back
bats hello mate we've got cute little
Sharon Osbourne I look at your face look
at this
that's such a fun day vlog is gonna end
soon this assumes a touchdown is
technology next day but I'm sure they're
probably packing it nothing so much fun
stuff today to see an amazing day turnt
up a bit guys why you laughing at me
I am Abed oh you've enjoyed the video
which is eating a delicious court dinner
or the salmon starter did you enjoy your
food
good catch what you do it
Mark's not gonna sleep now we're kind of
sharing a bed or like a double
yeah I enjoyed the video if you have I'm
about to rush my team there now
we've got like five hours sleep
the little golf pros only a month
perd√≥n you
wrong because if you fall out when
you're younger you actually get two
bears having pepper or your mom told you
you get one be head of a life chicken
show change okay everybody I'm going to
go to bed guys
mugs brilliant be so much a mini golf
and do the team as well just to make him
if you enjoyed the video guys give it a
big old thumbs up how crazy was it
I was just insane as such and one day
Disney thank you so much to Disney
hooking us up and giving us that amazing
tour
having a tour guide best awesome like so
so helpful so thank you so much to this
name and I'll catch you tomorrow as I
say subscribe I think I've changed
subscribe if you haven't already
subscribe down below okay cue tomorrow
good this is technically Alfie in the
future I've just landed and I found out
that the video that I filmed the other
day you know the driving challenge that
I was doing about a week ago I had so
much fun filming it it went so wrong
slash right slash funny slash hilarious
and I promised you that I would tell you
as soon as the video and up well it's
just gone live now it has got 176 news
and 55 thumbs up so let's go and
absolutely smash it everybody I will
leave a link down below literally right
there click on that link show it some
love leave it a lovely comment it is
genuinely just like a hilarious driving
challenge and the challenge was actually
submitted by one of you guys see you
could be watching this and it could be
your challenge that is all I've got to
say I just thought I'd let you know that
it's up because I know that you guys are
going to love it and I promise you that
I'll tell you when it's up so go and
enjoy it and I'll see you tomorrow good
bye my god I love to have an outfitter
