hello how are you doing good you need to
be getting ready cuz you got makeup I've
got 11 minutes till after via Meetup and
I'm currently in my boxers in bed
getting the shower that you dirty boy
okay I'll catch you in a bit
baby better bye sorry
good morning guys and tip of the day
don't let Marcus push around on a little
car cuz you won every round bro it's not
legit honestly the thing we like to
insulator
well we actually even our bags oh I was
so close to wearing jeans my recording
that do you think yeah anyways I hope
you having a lovely day whatever you're
doing weather wherever you are guys sign
today's vlog on the back of a golf cart
breakfast in my lap on the way to a
meet-up to meet a ton of year I've
already oh my gosh I'm so gonna spill
some of this
I've already edited uploaded the daily
vlog is uploading at the moment in the
hotel so hopefully it went up on time
how's your morning going bro Stern all
right man oh I'm jealous you got shades
they left my sunglasses in the room
so we just got taken into the wrong
meetup guys we sat down got out like our
drinks our cameras but our bags down and
everything and then again in the promo
goes by the way this is drinks meetup or
something I really want to meet you but
this isn't your meetup hang they put us
in the wrong room marketers so
yesterday's video when we are throwing
the posters out the mountain out my
balcony this girl caught my eyes in a
paper main after did like the rodents I
hold one up yeah and you've got the
paper air blade that's so crazy well
done
oh my gosh yes bro he's up only a mentor
blog this year
oh my gosh are you serious you have to
in our name my new merchandise yeah yeah
it is very it goes lifelong dream to
being a blog yeah thank you look at this
girl's t-shirt and necklace I love it I
love it so much
yeah how are you about your three-way
Face Swap I do not believe this go away
oh here we go oh
so later that was done the cutest
drawing of Nala I have ever seen look at
that
thank you so much man I love your
toppers around look at Tyler's merch
rockin it and she's made me some amazing
book thank you so much
that's so awesome inside it there's like
all pictures throughout the edge of
YouTube
Brandon officially has the stiffest hair
I've ever liked Marcus touches hair like
guys I got even oh my gosh how do you
wash out
it just watch that I use gotta be Kahlua
so it's basically glue oh my gosh that's
amazing last two people for the beta
group hard or whatever oh did you hear
and we finished up on meat out that was
so good like four hours long but we got
to properly meet every single person
there pictures have hugs chat about
stuff spend good time to get them ladies
enjoy it yeah although like time this is
just here
I haven't even had breakfast yet Marxist
did you have like a tiny tiny breakfast
so you've come to Whole Foods I'm going
to get some juices and smoothies get
some good food still energized to get
ready for today bro we've got Q&A in a
bit in a few hours feeling you'll
actually love them love them I need to
be more wait I'm like about to fall
asleep how you doing you're good we are
can we take a moment to just talk about
how cool this is you ready oh my god
that is awesome oh that one's not so can
you chew it out yo yo yo what be bored
all right I got a ghost
obviously we've got a Jesus blast you're
real nice smoothies which is so good
oh my god twice a year now come on yeah
oh my god holla pretty good huh
but then I think it was a cheap little
we crush on each now we joints this
grass shot you know rather have no idea
what this is like super to be appeared
and but they taste I want to lie to get
you guys down somewhere this smells like
you know when you like mow your lawn and
look at Hard Rock oh really
all right you got say a lot show you I
really don't want it work you got to
every one day friend yeah it was at one
pound
no buzzer yes it or not is 17 pounds
yeah thank you might idiot ride through
the area or not three am I going to work
from said no me Sigma three two one
a lot of sick pack now your teeth the
lips regroup y'all if you're wondering
why I've got a yellow shoulder with like
lipstick marks and stuff haven't been
kissing another girl in the meat of my
hunt so many of you like hundreds of you
that all of your makeups just gradually
have worn off when my shoulders
probably should've worn a white t-shirt
because I literally had like I was 200
house I don't return he switched up
t-shirts and Marcus was the same as
maize another on another t-shirt
I've also just noticed that over there
guys they do like cheeky little massages
on little massage chairs we're gonna get
a massage afterwards I'm so on that
that's nice time everybody
you excited that was the best idea ever
we just got massages how good was that
Elena we paid for the ten minute massage
which is $15
it was definitely at least 15 minutes
yeah so it was so long if you guys are
in Orlando and you go to this Whole
Foods you have to get the massage on the
way out you have to do it all so can we
just mention that we're standing in
front of here and this is where we got a
picture who is in it me you Connor
Franta
Joey Joe sod was quite a fan tonight in
there I think if there's a picture of
some of us stood in front of here all of
you guys find it and tweet me yet but
we're sat on here posing and it was like
three years ago or something and now
marks no back what we need to order an
uber I'm trying my phone right let me
try it I'll try and get one quick little
scuffle Starbuck hey how you doing you
get shrinkage more right guys we're off
to a QA for half hour what a lovely Q&A
without fee that is and Marcus bootleg
for you look that's your name
well that's good ragi angle that's good
you're good at blogging right I'm a
daily vlogger where you're dating Obama
daily vlogger your daily uploader uh-huh
I'm a daily on a daily youtuber Chloe's
questions get all everyone can hear me
it's going to be in the blog okay no
impression going
I think she made sure who's my sister's
boyfriend a birthday cake and it was
insane so he was like some chocolate
chocolate chocolate chocolate cake very
chocolatey also cupcakes she's very calm
everybody's trying to get Marcus get
zapped out today has been go to the air
then I'm singing today is we're
absolutely mad guys the support from you
lot is phenomenal thank you so much just
to round up some of us just text me what
we've done so far because I know I
haven't been the best at vlogging I've
also been chatting and hanging out with
so many youtubers like the Shaytards
me kitty who are like literally so so
many people and I haven't been vlogging
it keep on forgetting to get my camera
and vlog because I'm just enjoying the
moment so much I need to remember to get
my camera out so I'm going to do my best
from now on to vlog everything I am
tired I am so so tired I hope you're
having a lovely day guys it is such a
lovely weather like outside is so oh my
god there's like a party going on down
by the pool
that was a DJ down in the pole so Romans
just called me and he said to me that
there was a kid downstairs who has spent
supposing five thousand pounds on
flights to their treatment and never got
the chance to meet me so he's given me
just called me up and said you come down
and meet this kid I don't trust him he's
going to try frankly so I'm going to see
with me so that so we can minimize the
chance of we get around Hayden it's
dreamed in I don't know I don't know how
to write you up boy loose with the
police you have a straight up rank in
this pit five grand
done on a plate I don't trust them you I
saw I saw you just have no system on I
don't trust I don't trust you no I don't
trust him at all I did high for Lucy
with me just so that you guys can't
sting me looking for its face I'm not no
I know I'm not having any this is not
real this is not real all right I'm
saying close to you guys why if anything
happens to me is happening to Britain
it's not happening
he's so good that I'm sitting it nothing
you are right I trusted look you guys I
don't trust you I don't man you did so
Roman was telling the truth everybody
that was so awesome
okay if you didn't realize what was
going on on what was happening let me
explain it properly to you so Roman just
called me and told me and told me that
there was a boy downstairs who has spent
five thousand dollars just to meet me
and he landed didn't realize that you
needed to book specific meetups told
playlistlive that you wanted to be Alfie
and they were like you can't
he's fully booked and names like what
you mean it's fully but she's okay what
about tomorrow
he's also fully booked like you guys
have booked out all the slots to be up
to meet me so he was super bummed that
he couldn't meet me and he didn't really
know what to do and his children walking
around playlist trying to look for me
and he bumps into Roman and he tells
Roman that his goal is to meet me so
Roman drops me a call and says write
alpha I've got this guy downstairs so
lovely
he and he spent tons of money on getting
here just to meet you and he hasn't been
able to obviously Roman has a very very
successful prank channel I'm like no I'm
not having this I do not believe this
and then as soon as I see Roman and Brit
I grab Brit and I'm walking along with
Brit like if I'm getting prank - you're
getting prank - I'm not getting done
alone in here I'm not getting stitched
up alone it turns out it was real I met
the boy as you saw we had pictures we
chatted he was from Cornwall in the UK
and flew all the way here and he was
lovely he was so so awesome so thank you
so much Briton Roman for connecting me
with him he was super cool and I'm so
happy that as he flew out so far to meet
me that I got to meet him spend some
time with him have a proper chat have
some good pictures and you didn't prank
me so I'm all good I'm going to start
planning the video that I'm hopefully
going to film with Roman a Brit for
today or tomorrow I need to start
working on that now and those guys are
grabbing for food we might film in a
minute although if we have enough time
but I don't really really know I don't
know what's gonna happen tonight I know
I've got dinner at like quarter past
7:00 and it's 20 minutes to 7:00 won't
you see what happens the plan is we're
going out for dinner
these two have both copied my outfits
why it's also copy my outfits wearing
that one earlier this morning you saw me
Luther's got them outfit yesterday where
the others are they already gone okay so
grab an uber we're going to hit out and
a restaurant gonna grab some dinner are
we meeting screening Jolie's then Oh
I'm not gonna see the kids I might genu
oh that's great
there's sounds we've got on the
balconies everywhere hey it's pretty
epic it's crazy isn't it for a hotel to
build this and just keep like a tropical
gonna win treehouse village inside the
greenhouse so then when everybody know
why and then you could just grow
anything you want yet keep it warm
imagine or this is what you need then
you can get a boat in that you go mate
do that why you cryin J levonne why you
crying
the size of your fish is seven main
markets got the same food my portion of
fish is like one and a half times the
size until they saw me and they're like
John single players but they're like you
get much funny stuff versus you they're
like right you need to lose some weight
I need to put on some weight how are you
doing you good yeah guys were around
here we're from London awesome welcome
very cool is your first time here in
America I haven't been quite a few times
okay cool good I'm not gonna screw up
your trip with my dreaming I'm kidding
so I'm back from dinner
I just unfortunate for my video this
side it was time your Skype is so bad so
you oh no no my water not my Fiji I love
baking let everybody do it in the UK
what did you spend 1998 on please room 7
oh all right let's go let's go to the
four talked about come on you're not
over Stan bro you're just finished
filming the video us now man try and get
out the same day as this if not maybe a
day later so there we go everybody going
everybody got their blue wristbands on
yeah without this so you know we are
blue DUP from the car perfect here we go
are you the best driver there is a
little
I'm the one that Oh year two in the UK
we don't have stop signs
where'd she go Roman are you serious
why have you put bananas inside my
blooming pillow I heard you and Britt
talking about bananas idea you put them
inside my paper yeah so I completely
forgot to end the vlog yesterday so I
just thought I film a clip now to end it
officially and probably I had such a fun
day mainly hanging around with Marcus
Roman and Britt and Marcus Roman Abrego
to meet each other for the first time
and hopefully I didn't Mike's and I
going to fly it to this and go and hang
out with them soon and a couple of
months those guys are going to come over
and stay with me and Zoe as well I just
had such a good day so much fun it was
so awesome me in that kid as well who
didn't think he was going to get the
opportunity to meet me which filmed an
amazing video that is live going like
the same days this as you're watching
this go over to my main youtube channel
go show it some love go subscribe to
Romina Brett they make amazing daily
vlogs you guys need to check them out
they're like the most awesome couple in
the world I left the party early last
night as you can tell it wasn't in there
for very long because I just wanted to
edit the video that we filmed they guess
the youtuber challenge I came back early
edited that instead of partying and man
should get at the same time so hope you
enjoyed this vlog hope you enjoyed the
main Channel video go and leave tons of
comments on all of their videos saying
the pointless gang is awesome go flood
their comments with the pointless gang I
will catch you guys tomorrow with a new
daily vlog give this one a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I'll see you soon
good o subscribe to me if you want I've
got say you can subscribe to this
channel Knight
so even goat cheese little sweatpants
under there alright
you
