oh did we wake you up did I wake you up
oh I'm sorry mate
giving them giving them
yeah I'm not jealous of the dogs right
now it is so cold out here and I've got
shoes on I can't imagine my feet being
on the floor going blue
go finish they've both done wheeze but
they're just too excited go on and yes
you're both happy now
papi pop can you stop my vlog for me I
haven't started it yet
good evening they'll be able to switch
up in today's vlog because it's the
evening let me put you down here and
have a little chat let me make you a
little bit wider angle this is the
things we can do with the new camera we
can have it proper wide and fill the
whole room I've also just got the shower
so ignore the hair how you dare hope
you're oh there's a hat hope you're
having a lovely day
whatever you're up to today's been
pretty busy I've basically been sorting
out as many plans as I possibly can for
vlogmas because I want December's vlogs
to be the best blogs possible I've also
been sorting out of trip because
tomorrow morning the day you're watching
this we fly to Edinburgh that's why
poppy and Shona here at the moment so
only one I had to say well I tried to
say goodbye to Nala we left her with my
parents but she didn't really care too
much it's gonna say goodbye okay not you
here we go all right I'll see you she
doesn't care I'm going away tomorrow
morning she literally couldn't care less
so he say goodbye turn let me see if she
cares right you think about I'm off now
announce the evening and it's time for
me to pack although I'm a little bit
scared of what to pack because we're
going to Scotland and it's going to be
freezing and it's predicted to rain
every single day we're there I don't
really have too many proper warm coats
supposedly boxes and socks that's
probably the most important thing I also
want to get some gym I have these like
legging things but I don't know where
I've put them what I wear when I go to
the gym or when I used to go to the gym
here we go these will keep me warm four
pairs of boxers four pairs of socks got
one t-shirt g7x charger oh that's one
good buy leg warmers leg warmers jumper
jumper
teacher teacher Trac sea-bottoms for the
evening construction bonds for the
evening spare jeans jeans right I'm
going to wear them tomorrow
jump up I'm gonna wear that more on the
plane a little iPhone net so I can do a
YouTube live show for my mobile little
egg timer time-lapse headphone splitter
and after you acquire from that window
you've got two bedrooms downstairs that
I'm trying to figure out how my need
like camera equipment and technology
wise so I've currently got my phone
charger laptop charger a little gorilla
pod this camera this tripod is to two of
my smaller vlogging cameras with me case
one of them breaks since sunglasses just
Inc I mean I haven't got any hopes that
it's going to be sunny but just in case
my drone and of course my laptop oh and
a note that I don't go anywhere without
people know that my passport would
probably help should probably get my
passport recently in the vlogs I've been
talking about how Sean and I were
working on the video with direct line if
you've worked in the vlog for a while
you'll know that last year did a ton of
videos with our clan we teamed up and do
some really cool stuff over the next
couple of weeks were uploading a couple
more videos together and one of those is
this video right now that you're
watching so last week direct-line
added Sean onto my Audi insurance and as
you will know Sean passed his driving
license like
a year and a half ago I wanna say but
doesn't have his own car and isn't in
Jordan Papi's car so he's now insured in
my ID
we went out driving we had a ton of fun
I tested him like obviously I'm not in
the driving instructor I mean we
explained more in the video in a second
but we just went out had a ton of fun
made a really really sick video together
so I'm going to leave the vlog here I'm
gonna cut to that video I hope you enjoy
it if you do give the video a thumbs up
I know this was a little bit of a
different vlog than usual it wasn't so
much of a daily vlog but we're going on
a really fun trip tomorrow I've been
working on that all of today and I hope
you enjoyed this sick driving video that
Sean and I film together and you're
about to see now I'll catch you in
tomorrow's blog 5 p.m. when
in Edinburgh I'll see that today is the
day
everyone's getting Drive in today's the
big day folks excited it's a big day
it's a big day today so Shaun has been
added to my policy so he can legally
drive this car
he can drive now Dee when did you buy
suggest I passed the 4th of April 2016
and how many times have you driven since
then once she's had one refresher lesson
was it last week yeah last week one more
fresh lesson for nanny we teamed up
again with direct line you know last
year Shaun and I did a couple of videos
with them I did a couple of videos by
myself with them or teamed up with them
again we've got the telematics plug-in
plugged into my car now so we're
tracking all the drive in and yeah sure
we switch seats no we've gone through a
car park at the marina so it's super
quiet it's also like 7:30 a.m. I know
there's like no one around so that makes
me it was when the driving instructor
today okay let's switch seats and I was
like no let's no I'm fine exactly where
I am along your legs oh yeah you need
you need to readjust the seat the
steering wheel everything to where you
like oh it's not how could you start on
I feel confident man yeah I think you
got this yeah I've also got just to
throw it out there even though it's a
little bit obvious I am NOT a driving
instructor
I'm not instructing Sean how to drive
Sean can fully Drive he's passed his
test today we're just having some fun
and we're going to be going through a
little checklist that I of driving what
have you got on the things today
you'll see Elsie first thing we're gonna
do on my little list is we're just gonna
go for a slow nice cruise around the car
park where's your handbrake yeah being
serious guys decide obviously we're
gonna have fun in the video stuff but
this is all about safe driving so I'm
not gonna pick you off
there's obstructions already there's
trolleys in the areas of trolley in the
way be avoided it nicely right okay
we need to stop here so I turn I'm gonna
turn right here turn wherever you want
man I feel feel good feel confident yeah
good there's a lot speed bumps in this
car park I didn't think I'll access a
lot slowing down a lot of clutch control
my next thing on the list is the bay
park right whenever you want to fucking
with my bay find a parking spot there's
quite a few there is so early okay I'm
Park up you ain't and then I mean I
think I think I'm in I don't know from
watching carpod space let's have a look
or that tire looks good that one's okay
a little bit wonky what we shown over
here oh he's a bit tiny bit out jump in
and straighten up if you want a film
from my hair just pull forward in the
reverse back this is actually genuinely
really cool doing this because Sean
passed so long ago and hasn't been
insured on a car but really really wants
to get driving again
so teaming up with pirate lion and being
able to ensure ya insure him on my car
and giving him the opportunity to drive
it and he also obviously had a refresher
lesson last week
boy that sick perfect that's one thing
that my driving is used to always say is
drive like real life yeah that drive
like you're actually parking in real
life because just then when you said oh
yeah I think I'm in mmm
we've got time there's no one around
that's pulled forward and reverse back
in let's check that we're in always like
yet always just make sure that you're
driving with enough time to chill and
get it right what's the next challenge
there's a big roundabout down here
that's a big round a very very big round
yeah it's a big straight over on the
roundabout and then never get like a
tiny little residential kind of area
yeah nice and quiet
that's all we're gonna do next nice and
quiet for more bay parks
yeah nice this is a really good time to
come and drive in awesome oh there's
another roundabout straight into another
roundabout
boss Annette we're gonna go straight
over straight right straight round don't
think all right yeah that's going to in
there that's residential what have you
done to me
I'm going back up to the big roundabout
straight away you're on turn left
yeah let's turn left okay yeah yeah we
have to go around don't mean yeah then
if you just go straight into that one at
the end done there it's just straight
over yeah one okay we've made we've made
it I just did three roundabouts and you
did three you do one the big one
twice the small one once okay next up
something a bit more tricky maybe we
could throw that in the mix just go on
tell me what there's a beifong there but
with somebody either side and they in
the car I don't know what you want me to
go in between those two cars yeah okay I
want you to experience on this journey
mm-hmm today yeah things that you will
encounter when you're driving this Cox
you're feeling Jordan that's gone now so
you can go out on this straight up by
yourself but it's not real life the car
parts always going to be empty
there wasn't much talking going on then
was there that concentrating then check
open the door check you're in you're in
this side I'm in the lines yeah no then
we're done hey that was good
next on my list this is something that
when you first passed your driving test
a lot of people get excited for the
freedom and since were here you really
not have to go to a drive-through let's
do it
it also breakfast time so I mean 8:33
a.m. we've caught McDonald's breakfast
time are you saying filming a video what
do you want a hot brown you got you know
I can't answer you have to ask the
driver okay I'm gonna be making the
audio cuz I I'm the driver today so what
would she like I know
Oh
christmas is here christmas is here guys
oh look at that there's no one in the
drive-through as well oh yeah how you
doing I'm good thank you
can I can I grab one pancakes of maple
syrup
Joanna hash brown yeah four hash browns
one hot chocolate - hot chocolate sorry
thank you thank you very much herbs
there
yeah this is a good turn this kind of
thing really good your plucks control
yeah like really good
is that everything okay amazing thank
you got them yeah we could do gone
different from turning and turning and
turning you go straight up
yeah Ward's that white car yes then
we're gonna pull back and reverse into a
space oh okay spacing you mentally
plickers baseball in June to the right
going where that pigeon is but I'm gonna
be careful not to run into pigeon okay
although you shot it's fine but you know
why it's fine why is it fine because
well you can do you're gonna go back
into it now you're gonna overlap open up
a little bit now pull forward pull
forward and then straighten up this is
real life Park and you can never you
don't have to do it first time
like that once mates on either side yeah
I've got my mojo back out yeah yeah you
can fit in I mean are you gonna drive
home I think I think I might you know it
really like helps with the spatial
awareness of the car obviously that's
one thing that you do get used to yeah I
mean just exactly when you're driving
your car because it's your car you get
used to the size and the shape of it so
you know what you can get through what
you can't where you can fit and that's
obviously one thing stepping into this
car that you've never driven this you
know I've never driven it before you
learn in a different car you're a
fresher lesson was in a different car
you don't know the shape and the size
and what this car can do and how tight
the turning angle is it's so interesting
how quickly you pick that up though yeah
even the first turns I mean like I
parked in between those two cars yeah
I'll just reverse perfectly into this
one yeah we've got the Monterey back
this is gonna be a great time loss we
saw here I've got a couple of questions
that I want to ask you going down on my
laptop okay obviously a black box tracks
your driving mmm and rates you now over
a hundred yeah and gives you tips and
stuff on how to drive more safely yeah
with the black box plugged into your car
can you drive past 9:00 p.m. plus 9 p.m.
yeah yeah 11 p.m. true why it's my car
to drive it whenever I can but your
ensures there's a black box yeah so can
you do that no you can't I don't know
you're making me double thing but I'd
like to think that I'd have the freedom
but obviously learn from my results so
I'd like I'd like to think I can drive
it whenever I want the answer is there
are no restrictions however accidents
are more likely to happen at night so
the drivers score could be adversely
impacted if driving at night regularly
but a few nighttime journeys will hardly
in public
yeah and I'd like to think that I look
back at the app and obviously learn when
would be the best time to go out and
drive about or that's it but a lot of
your times when you do need to a lot of
people because I've got a black box
obviously in this car and I've also got
one in my Range Rover and huh so many
people are like why have you got one in
you enjoy but surely it means your
restricts you doing this and that and
I'm like no it doesn't doesn't restrict
me doing anything it just teaches me how
to drive more safely okay
why do insurance companies need data
from drivers for black boxes they want
to spy on you in real time so they can
increase their costs want to motivate
younger and safer drivers - by rewarding
them with lower prices for safe driving
B correct correct because these are all
myths these or real things that people
actually do think about black boxes okay
how will I find out if I'm driving well
will I get a find if I'm making mistakes
and not realizing it folks of course
that is not true dark lines app it's
just helping you become a safer driver
they're teaching you they're guiding you
they're not finding you when you're not
doing your back alright anyways they're
just a couple of like legit myths like
they're actual things that people do ask
and do think about the box so we just
wanted to bust those myths the last
thing to do on the list yes I've said my
coffee or I should tell me does it have
a sip of your coffee
we haven't done a parallel-park yeah I
this is going to be quite hard to find
around here you know okay because this
isn't the kind of place where there's
power to park at night so anyway here on
the left yeah in one of these
see if you can park in one of these
oi
saucy first-time boy so that was a
parallel park but there's no cloud
behind there's just one there's a car in
front but not behind because we're
currently in we're currently in a
supermarket car park so parallel parking
is hard to find but you just merged your
first time both I'm just gonna reverse
back watch your change we have space to
get out okay okay I think what we could
do they were genuinely be really good
yeah would be to drive to mom and dad's
yeah mom and dad's is closer than your
house and closer than my house I say we
drive to mom and dad's yeah fill up like
text mom or something always popular to
get property there yeah
and then when they come outside were
like you're sitting in the driver seat
yeah that only only blow their mind hey
guys what's up mmm-hmm you're gonna have
to direct me you know these roads yeah
and I did - they're good yeah good like
you know
we got me used up here up on the hill
beautiful years some of these roads are
quite narrow aren't they especially when
there's van sticking their bums out so
the brain just here and then we're gonna
take a left just after these lights and
then an immediate ROI this is Dada
we had to be back at 9:30 a is the time
9:28 now we've had enough outside their
house we are on a good time
no not Weibo you way this is I'd say
parking here Tennessee is on the line
perfectly I can tell you that boy
that was so good but we're gonna meet up
again later on and then we're gonna cut
to that now so we're sitting down to go
through the final score of the drives
that we've just done good all I wanna
see is gold stars and green light lots
of different things go into your score
on a set for example let me just find
the drive now some of the things that
create your score Oh length of journey
Road risk time of day smooth driving and
comparative speed right okay so if you
drove on busy roads there's more likely
to be accidents on those busier roads so
therefore your school might be lower you
might have been able to pick a safe room
yeah exactly so you could drive back
from the marina to Mum and dad's again
very different route and you might get a
high school a safer route okay this
isn't more of like a you did good or you
do bad this is more like a take there
what the results from here and then to
drive more safely next time okay right
so your overs
overall score out of 100 was 66 that's
pretty good I did not do that
I think that's good monitoring you know
we already said like an hour and a half
lesson
in a year and yeah and now for a 20
minute drive it's a length of journey
you got 5 out of 5
they rode risk you occasionally driving
locations with a higher risk of crash
involvement you've got three out of five
okay so that's what I mean so next time
when you're driving Matt from there
usually to look at the map and see what
roads yeah less of a risk and take those
ones yeah so that hit you hard that's
real sly the busier main roads exactly
time of day five out of five perfect
timing
roads will quiet smooth dry then why
clapping well I mean there was a few
Hill starts there may be that worry out
of five okay akin Avenal and it shows
you exactly on the map I Drive right and
down here you broke way too hard
that's so good how it and shows on the
map the specific place right did that
because now I know that maybe our double
thing that again if I was on that yeah
you just no no no yeah no because I've
I've gone back I've looked through the
map and I've realized exactly
comparative speed five out of five no
speeding what giant shores blogs he's
gonna be driving the Audi by himself
safely I mean for the first time yeah
you got this bro sixty-six no excuses
you did Gil I'm feeling so much more
confident after today it's been really
good fun
