good morning guys good morning good
morning how you doing hope you're having
a lovely day mark tonight I've got us
good to see got up bright and early but
I definitely did it I said to my eight
no house last night marked up like
banging on my door we're heading off to
the gym with that cheap protein shake
each we're trying to find our way the
hotels out here because the land is just
so big door shouting our vlog because
the land is so big in Orlando everything
so spaced out the hotels can afford to
be really big so trying to find this
like spa and fitness center now is
literally like a maze
we have no idea where we're going all
the knows the mobsters have guns out and
it's 9 a.m. and he's happy with that
boxes stacking everything on little base
oh yes gone get Ozzy ready for these
biceps
so that chess ladies here it is it's
even got chief little sweatpant under
there
I'm back from the gym everybody just
eating some breakfast uploading the
daily vlog and look it is just called oh
no I was like I just show you look it's
just called me is now saying reconnect
in the blooming Hotel Wi-Fi here is not
great I'm sorry that yesterday's blog
was late I'm uploading it now it's got
43 minutes left
no wait you that do that hello No hello
yay it's working
how you doing and we both login oh
you've got my jump rod know now that I
can only see her eye hey baby hey I like
your jumper we finished up lunch super
super delicious in fact then we also had
another lunch a second lunch which more
than so delicious because we had for a
chicken salad which was more or less
full lettuce we're now heading off to a
talk I don't know who's doing the talk
or what the talks about but we're
heading 1 2 1 Gordon Gordon as I Drive
today how you doing you get yeah I'm
really good
yeah I'm ready let's go Elaine are you
ready
marks on the back
I love making friends guys why are you
writing I've made two great friends
today Elaine and the previous driver
which name I can't remember he was a
good friend I just forgotten his name
have you how you doing today no good man
no enjoy my hair right now we are about
to go and film so I like about to get
some videos me Marcus and Louise triple
kill out in a triple collab so far
Louise has cried she's also tried
beating both of us up twice fallen on
the floor the fridge is a lot you have
to move that bit and then you can open
it
no yeah the videos are going good guys
when we uploaded them I don't know when
they're gonna be up I'll let you guys
know where they're gonna be up but
they're good it's a triple collab so all
three of us are uploading we've all just
seen Louise naked we're just gonna throw
it out there and that's in Marcus video
you can see you naked no you see Marcus
naked section of a wall notice there are
tons of fans outside the room so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna throw him
one of the ears right let me do one as
well so I'm sign this one oh yeah do one
H they're basically only for sale at
playlist live Mark's Norman went on the
cheek little fudge in London and we're
selling these posters are playing the
slide but they're not gonna be available
anywhere else or ever sold again so
playlist live people you're lucky and
but what we're going to do there's loads
of you down here
I was just like sure we just hit a
postal knife try and paper airplane it
down so we're gonna fold these up I'll
try and throw them down to somebody are
you ready
nobody's going to get the poster I just
threw it's just gone over there on the
floor no way go Marcus pressures on the
pressure is on here we go
it's only paper that is dying and slow
whoa this security man's going to
picking up the posters yes naked em he's
got my one and he's about to get marks s
go on pick it up
oh yeah go on boy go on yeah yeah they
got them that girl over there is jumping
up and down with a BB top on the highway
look how far away she is oh my gosh
Maddy do I need my ID so I left we about
to have dinner
with a ton of us even the Saucony holy
moley Joe loser here somewhere we're
basically out for dinner
so apparently tonight we're literally
about to have a drink on a ship like an
actual ship
that's crazy bitch no way oh man
so we've got massive steaks asparagus
Brussels sprouts but that's what we
haven't got Cheers
that's what I want I film YouTube videos
do want to be in it
no mine Oh Lewis Hamilton here driving
us tonight this guy's got the music
going can you get the damn motor to see
to Louise to dab yeah that's it yeah we
finished up dinner
evidently as we're back in the hotel
we've had a complimentary who taught you
how to down in India and we now up to
the party we have no idea what to expect
yes right yeah yeah
kind of five no one dances videos
well I've never tried one no we gotta go
in this one room entrance oh here we go
yes this is the e so the booster board
is basically an electric skateboard
alcohol and a booster board I don't
think they're gonna you know I don't
think they go together
well I tell dude he's gonna hold that
that's forward that backpack it's kind
of like a brake so you can actually slow
down a little bit oh I don't like this
already you guys you're gonna buy one
tomorrow now that you just did that
I swear that boy is that Jesse down
there is it hard
oh is that double it goes double than
that yeah wait up tomorrow man we've got
that tomorrow yeah
here we go guys we got this double speed
everybody
right we're just trying to go ghost car
they've got no god cards on the way back
to our Tower you in the same tower yeah
you're like two rooms away truly not
we've got a whole tower you're to rinse
with water or eat your lights and so on
job Wally fine Lily go for a cheap
swimming it off that's basically a
hot tub to be jumping oh my gosh why
don't we eat some walking tips quickly
he's running over I've got work in the
fridge - go to your room
boy Louie Louie he's got to walk
amoliant it's coming here Louie was
about to go to bed it goes the guac and
chips little evil eyes careful side is
just how cheese fall oh my just fine be
careful
guys it is time to go to bed I've just
realized to be able to get this vlog
that you're watching up on time at 5:00
p.m. UK time I'm gonna have to edit it
now even though it's currently 3 a.m. or
past 3 a.m.
I've got hat on in bed because my hair
is absolutely ridiculous but anyways
because the UK time is 5 hours ahead of
America I have to upload all my vlogs at
12 p.m. lunchtime but tomorrow I've got
a meet up from 9:30 until like 1:00
o'clock which obviously goes over the
time that my vlogs many of you up so it
means that I have to get my video up
before 9:30 in the morning ready to go
up which isn't realistic I'm not gonna
wake up before 9:30 guys so I'm gonna
have to edit it now if you've enjoyed
the video go smash the thumbs up button
guys go subscribe go show me loads of
love I love you guys so much
do more whore makes you happy stay
positive spread positivity make tons of
friends and I don't even know what I'm
talking about
basically just be a lovely person I'll
catch you tomorrow good
require night have fun with mommy yeah
see you later
