good morning guys
good morning I'm sorry for the lack of
videos yesterday I spent the entire day
also as a 7 a.m. and I'm this awake
spent the entire day yesterday rushing
around buying vests and clothes and dick
didn't buy any Sun cream
I don't need Sun cream sunblock Sun
cream I can get at the airport wanted
show you how big my suitcase like look
at this this is obscene I always pack
too much you need me to stay on it no
like literally I actually think I might
wait that what you done done yeah I know
I never touch this of any person you
know sometimes they do look random check
oh god I'm gonna open it to random
jacket and it's you're gonna go
everywhere you know just like sellotape
it do that thing my clothes are just
gonna get everywhere someone touches
that whoa
I'm so excited guys I'm off to land in
Florida to meet a ton of you Ciccone
journeys come in
Marcus's come in louise's come in I'm
just wearing clothes easy funds for the
flight take my skateboard as well
whereas if I got today backwash bag just
done that pack skateboard that blister
blasters that's it you come by blister
plazas at the airport now we've got some
no stairs I'm going to seal them no
paper I'm gonna miss you I'll see you in
a few days have fun with mummy yeah see
you later why I am 20 minutes late
compared to everybody else who is
already there
unfortunately I've just kind of scone
Johnny's on on my fly I think Marcus and
Louise bow far and Mady and Lucy and
Alex oh my gosh what's so much luggage
but I've already forgot to
so I literally born my microphone the
other day for my camera completely
forgot to ask for it back so I've got no
microphone my main camera when I film
main channel videos and it also good
phone my skateboard which sucks because
Marcus got his and we will need to get
skateboarding the whole time so might
just see if I can borrow on the mic when
I'm out there or something hopefully I'm
not late I have no idea what I'm going
I'm lucky enough to be flying business
today so different through the quickest
fast-track security in the world
literally like two minutes to go through
although because I wear one of these
bracelets and you can't take them off
every single time at 100% Pheebs I think
the others are in Jamie Oliver's which
means after take my shoes off get my
shoes I scanned research padded down
everything every single time just
because this bracelet everyone else is
up there but you guys know I love my
gadgets I've got to pop into Dixon's
breakfast just arrived Marks has copied
what I got as usual he's trying to copy
my six-pack games are we going to leave
playlists in six packs I mean the
identity well mine will still be there
yeah love it oh yeah
whoa nearly fell down above an escalator
do is give me a cuddle it's special have
a group hug maybe no other book will the
escalator guys looks like people
traveling today together is a story oh
we just all Louise how to how to you
smarter than Michael phone right oh I do
take a selfie but it's a bit dark story
built into her case she has light
literally light it that would be good if
you were vlogging or something like oh
it's quite dark in my vlog once that and
then years hold it next year
anyways we're off to Dixon's wait you
guys yeah I want to get some sunglasses
as well see you later
I don't know when Marcus was gone oh
there he is he's trying to get a new
phone Marcus smashed his phone up and I
was like we're just paying get the
screen fixed you can't because the
cameras also broken you might have an
iPhone with no screen and show them your
phone please Road no screen and Hammer
hammer is completely broken
that's what you want isn't it there's
our plane excited ie it just bought its
new phone just boarded the plane the
first like 15 minutes I was in another
seat not next to my economies and
finally they've let me switch out and
look at it we've got a good seat in
setup now you know your hobby where you
could be mean I'm the guy i marketers
copied me I one thing got that out I've
got those glasses it's copied my flowers
I think you thought I was gonna wear
in it why different you gonna wear your
what you doing
you've already told them what's your top
sports down 77 I'll let you play how
annoying gonna be how annoyed this much
free he's literally not gonna stop now
idly visa what has he done
look at his face is so happy 94 94 Dhoni
had to asparagus starters left so I let
marks side that Marcus Luiz help them
they're both teasing me of their
starters instead of me giving prawns
which I don't know if I actually like I
try out here you can apple and should do
yourself don't you come straight out the
other side chicken Mainers just arrived
look how good this looks also got two
pieces of bread
how jealous must be make and just woken
up the 6:00 hour
they use that five or six hours
right
to apply power down sit down
no I sound like the farmers exams cheeky
little now it's just a lot more to do
yes I know you've got snapchat it's a
doll
let me boil it baguettes lighting or
look like one of beads check out
anyways guys I just woke up like a tiny
little small really miniscule quick five
six hour nap oh we're so nearly there
look at this sitting there laughing at
his own videos
pause edges in them
and the way the string committee
such Vidya I guess but everybody our
sign bit loud yelling I should let some
of your coconut killer formats guys oh
no not the car Matt should we just get a
busy market got holes in his trousers
coming them oh yes we have to get the
little trap
I forgot we get the little monorail
thing that's so excited look at this are
excited I get on that one getting that
on quick quick quick we've got this in
the right shot ourselves mega-desk
to Orlando in central for well if you
got snapchat or man over but well I just
happen to cheat you out
punch off the lead a network so you just
come to the airport there's a few people
waiting care there's somebody's even
with jump on my bed and how long we have
been waitin right I'll tell them what
happened with your car in the plane
because I wasn't I wasn't certainly the
window dad then what happened we were
coming in and we were limited flight
tracking to see where you are and right
where's your water no plane in the squat
well then we watched you come in right
over the runway so we have a phone oh I
could probably send it to that so call
waiting and flashing they were waiting
in the Gulf flashing the headlights in
case we looked at the window the plane I
love it and you've got my t-shirt and
book hey Dad thank you so much for
coming guys and there's more people over
there watch at mocs Louise you look like
the most typical into spam girls I've
ever seen
haha don't go to see well guys don't go
see him it bro let me know when you're
ready coming up on me yeah it is time
everybody to see what the room looks
like oh yeah come on mate who's that you
can hear the via Louise screaming next
door I've literally my mum is literally
next door to Louise's and opposite
Marcus's yeah this is cool look at this
everybody right let me do a little tour
in here we have the bathroom this is
nice little like sink hello everybody I
look incredibly tired because I've just
been on a flight another mirror we have
the toilet and we have the bath which is
weird
American baths are weird dear America
why are your baths like this tall like
in the UK you guys have seen my bathroom
videos it is like property let you lay
down you can even fall asleep a bit
dangerous but you could if you wanted to
like you could like fully relax in the
bar your bath here and like this steep
it's just like the bottom of a shower I
don't really get it you meant to bath in
those or is it just a shower in anyways
hello everybody we need to like we need
to jump up and down on the bed you need
all I've even got a balcony alright
let's take the shoes off take everything
out of a pocket yeah right I need to get
changed a little bit I want to take off
these trousers because it is hot it is
so hot in here
so I want to put on some shorts quickly
and then I need to get downstairs
because we're going to pop to Whole
Foods can't even see me there we go
then I want to go downstairs to meet the
others why did I even bring a jumper I
bought PB hoodie yeah it's like 30
degrees here in a second we are off to
Whole Foods so I quickly need to put on
some shorts take off my bloomin long
socks that I've got on and dress summery
because it is hot hot hot
just probably a change let me quickly
show you the view it is amazing
oh my gosh it's hot this is my little
balcony and check out oh my gosh you got
table tennis court go somebody's in a
little golf cart down there look at all
of this I'm all freshened up all changed
up shorts shoes hidden socks t-shirt
kind of feel like it might be a best
kind of day but I only have one vest
currently everybody I could only find
one vest in all the shots I went to that
I liked so on each closure a balcony was
it's going to be hot areas like I don't
wearing a vest everybody I'm so jealous
boy look at those dollars though I
haven't got any dollars I need to get
some out and he's got a skateboard did I
tell you guys about the skateboard
situation cut the music DJ and we both
planning to do loads of skateboarding
here and this morning I was hunting like
mad for my skateboard couldn't find it
anywhere in the house I've no idea what
my skateboard is so I'm gonna have to
buy one lucky there marketer's bought
his so he's not gonna have to buy one
just me unfortunately that's what we
need to go over today or tomorrow we're
at home food to buy when it comes to
healthy food so we're all just following
round Marcus and maybe they copy
everything he puts it you happy with
that we'll just copy a Marcus right
Marcus do not have a god oh yeah all
right let's all get an avocado they do
Kaylee moly
kaor wakka moly that's the most absurd
thing I've ever that's the healthiest
thing I've ever seen
we've got so much good stuff guys so
much stuff oh my gosh I cannot wait to
get back and eat look at this crazy view
and time to eat our food how happy
blitman egg you happy Mads
do you hear as well have you been done
okay why you flinging rustic bands at me
lookout tan Dom is everyone used to it
now my best draws on sushi
I kind of went a bit overboard with the
food she liked this you want some of
this try out guys we've got some new
competition in town for the daily vlog
look at it filming a time-lapse why are
you doing something is going off down in
the bull guys no one is in there but the
music and the lights are going crazy the
Disney fireworks have started whoo yeah
it's just a shame we're like so far away
don't even know you guys can see them
properly are you loving it hahaha why
you doing waiting guys into this music
oh really love much today because we've
been traveling but we're just leaving
the hotel rooms now and we're off to go
get some drinks together go and
celebrate all being here yeah you guys
ready you're ready are you ready kids
right we're doing to try not to cry and
shout challenge luggage we were fast I
mean it I mean it I mean it
oh my god did you smell his finger
Louise we love yay are you not coming
for a drink oh you tell everyone tell
everyone where you put in your bed what
have you been doing with that what have
you been doing with that marx's hair is
looking very fetching tonight reminds
your forehead bro oh my gosh why does it
really go into the guys this is what I'm
talking about
awesome eyebrow catcher in the morning
let's go to the gym tomorrow morning
buh-buh-buh-buh-byeeeee i'm back in the
hotel room it is half past 11:00 at
night in his super late which basically
means I think it's like half past four
in the UK in the morning half past 4:00
a.m. I've just finished unpacking all of
my stuff I didn't bother vlogging it
because that's just boring but I'll show
you quickly now top drawer boxes and
socks and swimming stuff middle drawer
trousers and shorts bottom draw extra
t-shirts hats and PB merch and then we
go over here we've got my shoes or got
another pair somewhere else I don't know
Oh over there as well and then I've got
some t-shirts hung up over here
a shirt a vest jumper jacket jacket
today has been such a good day like I
said to you earlier I don't actually
even know what I've logged because it
has been so mismatched started at home
then on a plane for 8 hours and now here
when all we've really done this food
shopping pop I think
so what I bought in Whole Foods I will
show you should I show you what I bought
I think I should you guys like seeing
what I buy when I buy food or when I
eating food when I'm trying food this is
an American Whole Foods haul and most of
it is just copied Marcus like I said
when I was in there
got bananas always good for some energy
I got a little little pack of almonds
always good a protein shake bottle
because I want to be working out here
and I forgot to bring any protein shake
some toasted coconut chips
spinach and kale your whole grain chips
sunflower seeds sucks up feed suck suck
suck snacks
pumpkin seed snacks a couple of coconut
waters the protein shake powder for my
protein shake a protein smoothie some
more chips these runs a sweet potato bar
but then kale and spinach and a gobo of
already eaten one of these a different
flavor one this is pumpkin seeds one
more thing which is kanka care I think
that's what you guys call an ulcer I
explained to the woman that I've got an
ulcer on the inside of my lip and it's
super sore and apparent I need to put
actually let me put that by my pillow
now so I remember to do that I'm going
to go do my teeth guys put my Invisalign
braces in put on some canker care on
time probably we can Louisa Louisa gin
the room next to me I'm going to end the
vlog now guys I hope you've enjoyed
today's video if you did give it a big
old thumbs up let's see how many we can
get if you're excited for all of my
upcoming American adventures tomorrow
we're gonna go shopping we're gonna hang
out Roman Atwood and Britt we're gonna
go see the scoony Jolie so we're gonna
have tons of fun see prankvsprank now
let me know in the comments give the
video a thumbs up subscribe do all of
the good stuff that you guys know what
to do thank you so much for watching it
I'll catch it tomorrow
good Oh No
enjoy the so fun
