how about me it was so fun good morning
guys are you ready to see how tanned I
am you ready to see the big reveal of
what we did last night okay three two
one so look at untanned I look in the
camera yeah you don't oh my gosh in real
life how can we show them this hmm like
you can only off and on off I gonna say
in real life you actually do in real
life I promise you I look so much more
tanned Zoe and I this morning were like
yeah definitely don't need two feet down
tonight I'm literally like orange just
get through out there the only bit
that's messed up it's along the top of
my head and it looks Orange II rather
than brown which is it good so I need to
try and sort out this like an orange
line and on the top of my head didn't
think about that happening anyways I
need to get up today it is a blooming
lovely day look at this so lovely I have
got a dentist appointment in a couple of
hours I need to make breakfast I need to
film some videos today basically I need
to start preparing a lot because on
Thursday I fly to Orlando right Orlando
for quite long as well I'm there until
Tuesday Thursday until Tuesday what you
cooking up oh thank you toilet more
tanned oh you do it to me with that
white Zeeshan no so annoying my camera
this new camera is so good at making
things in low-light look amazing so one
of the reasons where I got this camera
is because when I'm filming at nighttime
or not in great lighting the camera
still looks good which means it
brightens everything up so right now I
don't know if I look very tanned or not
trust me in real life I'm varied happen
not only does Ari make me this one but
she also made herself a different one
with mint and pineapple and stuff
because this is my favorites movie
and that Zoey's favorite smoothie thank
you so much
we've also just realized something my
t-shirt has a little tooth on it and it
says bite me I really like this t-shirt
I'm about to go to the dentist and it
literally looks like I'm wearing this on
purpose for the dentist
I'm just letting on her out to the
toilet and she's trapped herself in the
middle of all those chairs and won't
come in
she thinks she's stuck come on come in
and she'll get a treat come on in should
we get treat joie de vivre the chair hey
you're so silly I now have an hour and a
half in just appointment this is gonna
be fun
fun fun fun okay everybody things got
changed up just a little bit
gara bug yeah the dentist's appointment
lasted about four five or six minutes
guys instead of an hour and a half so I
basically went in and I had to make the
decision today whether I want there's a
tiny little bump can you see here there
isn't straight the tiniest bit on just
this tooth everything else was perfectly
straight and I had to decide today
whether I want to straighten that bump
and have a load more Invisalign braces
like the see-through braces I've been
wearing for another few months or
whether I just want to leave it like
that and then finish the treatment and
get the metal bars at the back to keep
it all in place
and I decided that I want to just I
might as well just straight out because
they're going to be this shape for the
rest of my life because I'm getting
those metal strips behind to lock them
keep them all in place so it's meant to
be getting all the molds done for the
metal bars but instead we've put an
appointment for next week to get the
molds done for my new Invisalign braces
that are going to be like a an extra few
months long but hopefully we'll get rid
of that little like kink sticking out
there so as you saw just picked up a
Starbucks we've got some toasters
cooking up in our toastie thing and I've
also got a iced vanilla latte over here
Vanille I haven't had a vanilla latte in
so long
and then I was a bit top Zoe her
favorite cake from patisserie Valerie
I hope I got the right one there's two
perfeito rolls on them it's like two
chocolate oh don't think I got the right
one then is this did I get the wrong one
I did no this is that's called double
chocolate gateau yeah this isn't this
isn't the one I normally get but this
one is just as delicious so thank you so
much that basically means no you got it
wrong got the wrong one
I've spent all afternoon filming a top
secret video for another YouTube channel
that I'm working with the moment you
guys will know the one I'm not gonna
tell you I'm gonna leave is a surprise
but I will let you know that I was
driving in the video and it was a
challenge and I honestly cannot wait for
you to see the video let you know when
it's up it went like oh my gosh let's
just say it was meant to take not very
long to film and ended up taking over
three times is hilarious you guys are
going to love it so much I'll let you
know when it's up and everything today's
plans have changed a lot I was going to
be hanging out with Zoe and just working
in general today and we were going to be
cleaning this carpet because we rented
like a massive carpet cleaner thing to
get stains out because when I was
younger and you can see here and here
she we'd a couple of times on this
carpet which is also I'm getting more
and more times throughout the day look
how much more tanned I am now than
earlier but yes I was made to be doing
all of that like housework house tours
kind of thing and then toys just text me
to say yo are you still coming tonight
Alfie and I'm like wait what it's
tonight and he's like you can either
come to tonight's show in London or
Thursday show in London but as you know
I'm flying to Orlando on Thursday so I
can't make that show so I'm going to
jump on a train tonight last-minute
super last-minute plans but of course I
want to see my boy Troy I'm going to
jump on a train and I'm going to go and
see him perform I think Tanya Jimmu
coming as well I think Marks has come in
Kalam's come in Sara's coming there's a
ton of what is that one little bit of
head doing get out the way there's a ton
of us go in I'm so excited because I've
never actually seen him perform like
never seen him perform and I love his
music and I know you guys all diggers
music there's going to be tons of you
guys who watch these there
tonight so I can't wait to meet you all
and I'm just excited I'm really really
excited tonight now it's going to just
be a chilled one I was gonna maybe go
rock climbing with Sean but now I'm
going to jump on the train to London and
go and see Troy before it's going to be
good
I will just say goodbye to Zoe in front
of you guys just got to the train
station now Zoe has given me a letter to
give to Troy because unfortunately she
can't come tonight she's still working
that's why now didn't get say goodbye in
front of you guys to her because she's
in a meeting at the moment on skype I
don't want my train is I've got to go
vati care jump on as soon as possible
my today perfect I'm in six minutes
until my train leaves bloom in lovely
weather today has been super successful
got that video done for the other
channel edited sent over my daily vlog
has also just gone live now and I've
left my laptop I normally take my laptop
with me everywhere but I've actually
left my laptop at home books the vlogs
up and down go like five minutes or so
to walk to the other side of the train
and this is a bloomin long train always
walk to the front of the train guys I
tell you this all the time
but it makes it so much quicker when you
get to the other side because then you
can get off first I've also got some new
shoes on some little blue vans and new
jacket which I'll you'll be able to see
later on the closest possible seat you
can get
I've got it mom
the gingers thoughts on my dad go to
your Marcus's he's probably literally
walking through in a second I've got
three Marx's ASAP I've said I'm going to
pick us both up dinner so I'm gonna go
grab some chicken now everyone's staring
at me thank you so much always take the
stairs guys always took the stairs to
see enough on the food that I bought
with Marcus he also gave me some would
eat some protein Christmas protein Chris
- protein Chris some Ivan told chocolate
diamond tell it to the mat let me just
get my lemon skip otherwise it won't
message they don't need to know it is
the only embarrassing me no I'm not I'm
glad it's they receive this text from
Alf it also who loves the yellow screen
on the other clients no not about me and
it's not because then what happens let
me tell you if you go to edit an
Instagram and it's accidentally -
unsaturated because the screen - yellow
- edited the wrong guy you'll be you
it's a different color I don't one else
know that you are an intersex boy also
help me get up to the next nine weeks
I've got a family holiday like in a few
weeks time or I say if you mean like 9
or 10 or 12 weeks something like that
and I text my Italian my Marcus you need
to help me get a six-pack from a holiday
are you gonna help me yeah of course but
you've got stick to it between on the
guide commits to Ariel I go yeah yes I
am but it must have a self a challenge
it will happen
I'm sending each other I'm gonna I'm
getting out of the six-pack
the drive is even longer the drauf is
lovely
why not do you believe in me I'm gonna
I've got to have a six pack in the next
two months gone up thanke a I think I
would like to do that as well you Jake
let's do it together I can help both you
guys a TV yeah I'll tell you what my
watches are and I Andy please stop
adding the sugar in your tea in that
well yeah it's good you have to using
the thing about splitting away
yeah no sugar my driver was telling us
only how much he loves English tea and
that's sugar no more sugar anymore from
today not our frontal did no rush
through that well why should not then
nothing she could be a coconut she was
all right but no sugar no sugar no carbs
right no carbs in two months but yeah
uh-huh
no carbs I'm joking joking you just need
good cops right now freaking sweet you
can have sweet potatoes sweet potatoes
don't be British and just don't eat like
chips and stuff you know okay we will
sleep whatever yes you take it yeah
Marie you're not the number Irishman the
sweet potato yeah go faster that's a
good choice okay sweet potato pie fright
you're boiling you can just you can boil
it you can bake it you can race it I can
fry it with a little bit of oil a little
bit of like spice okay
however you want however you cook normal
potatoes okay the same a sweet potato
then a little bit of rice and then it's
rice brown rice yeah I've made hallway
table so maybe a memory of rice and soup
potatoes you know right sweet potato and
sugar in your tea
I'm going to I'm going to order an uber
from the same place in eight weeks and I
expect us both to have six packs okay
yeah we'll come down so there yes Louie
nurses me laughs come on well I'll stay
there yeah see I'm Anthony steals I'm
coming home would you love come on Gino
why I told you now it's the sugar in
your tea okay and I'm RJ no more sugar
no you like coffee
yeah a badly college boy I want to sleep
go yeah go black coffee
Oh like a marathon I fast badly no no
yet no cream in that buddy okay I can do
that this is gonna the best movie
journey you've ever had you're gonna
you're gonna drop us off and have a
six-pack by then
my problem I still got as always card
for toilets is that she's written the
excited bro sorry I was texting his
manager um I didn't know what your thing
so do you excited yeah cool I've already
seen him and he was amazing
rich amazing
yeah
how was that - it was so fun like you're
coming
I know so we could come out I gave I
gave choice Irish cars are even
technology let you text me wash you on
so you can enjoy scarred like Twitter
picture yourself with the garden with
all our food way outside message design
yes I do it was absolutely services and
you have to come down in your children's
education I finish today but I'm a mango
do I contact I'm going to work after
that but I will I'll be back and be
there it is yeah I am announced why
nice all gather everybody else is left
but you seem to in jessamine guys I
think we shipped on stage 9 experience
worst like to be a singer that's my goal
in life you guys be the audience
and I'll just do like a little
performance then any seconds have
performed here gonna go on come on stage
no no no no there's a go hurry up is it
crews out there
oh there's a woman looking us let's go
go go go boys you're gonna go clubbing
tonight by 10:00 we thinking oh my gosh
amazing because I'm driving lovely RGB
Google yeah do it you're out of breath
is the boob on a Tuesday or they'll be
lots all on the beach will be open
really yeah that we really get well I
should get some food or something called
in other ways you swimming naked in the
same you're crazy
is it this day then they know it is they
do yourself a night as well now ah there
you are baby
Hey Oh sleepy stretchy he missed me baby
I've missed you so much killing him
shriek outside we go outside for a we be
well that was the longest drive in the
entire world the m25 was shut the entire
m25 that is basically the road home from
London so we had to go through so many
back roads those like the longest taxi
or uber I've ever had but totally worth
it because I cannot even describe how
good Troy was like honestly
Troy is phenomenal life I've done away
he's got the confidence for me but the
little toy that I used to know was so
like cute and innocent and now he's like
blimmin I don't know coming in inside
he's got it up a good stage presence
like he absolutely owns the stage like
when you're watching him live you don't
even want to look away to look at the
crowd or look at anything as set from
him he is so captivating I don't know
how much of his music I'm going to be
able to have put in this video because
number one I don't want his record label
to shut the video down often record
labels don't like it on YouTube for
music in and number two I don't want to
ruin the show
for any of you guys that are going to go
to it because it's only like his fourth
I think it was his fourth performance
tonight and you're out of 18 I'm
gradually getting more and more tanned
like Sarah closed for me tonight she was
a healthy have you been away you're so
tanned and I was like no I just put
gradual tan on last night and it's
really intense
got your Wharton you got Mingo then a
anyways I'm going to M I broke down here
tonight guys because I don't want to go
upstairs and wait because are we up
straightaway whilst vlogging I'm
guessing put him in hat gets like five
Mitch bottom one in the morning she
would have been asleep for ages already
that you don't have closing every single
blind if you've enjoyed the vlog give it
a big old thumbs up if you guys haven't
already checked Roy out of course all of
you already gonna know who he is but if
for some reason you don't know who Troy
is you need to go check out his stuff he
is absolutely killer he's a great friend
of mine and he makes amazing music and
just everything he does is so good I
don't know if ever show on now or
tomorrow like this now or don't look so
brown in this light but trust me in real
life I am like I don't know you can't
see in the camera I'm so tanned I think
you can see in the clip when I was
logging with Troy backstage after it
anyways
I met a ton of you guys tonight as well
I had so much fun thank you so much for
taking your time out of the day to watch
these videos it means so much to me I
promise you I hope you're having a
lovely day lovely month a lovely year
whatever you're doing make sure you're
doing something that you love every
single day and I'll catch you tomorrow
did I say subscribe give the video a
thumbs up think I did also tomorrow I
need to announce the winner of the 360
camera because I haven't done that yet
haven't picked somebody and I need to do
that I try my best to remember to do
that tomorrow I'll see you then good
that I definitely woke up tomorrow like
orange
