magic I literally woke up tomorrow like
orange good morning guys good morning
Jane Eyre outside bright and early
playing ring toss
we haven't were just about to start the
game now because nobody has landed the
50 yet people have got 30 we've got 20
but nobody has landed the 50 and we
cannot leave this place without somebody
nailing it yeah
oh I thought I was there mmm last one go
on oh just go get it Oh nobody managed
to land a 50 guys the entire time we
were here nobody landed a 50 but we're
now just packing up now
try doing up everything we possibly can
and leave in checking that we haven't
left anything behind baby baby baby baby
baby baby baby back home with my girls
I've got one all blooming a bit squished
and I just welcomed one of them up now
I've got one Gary beside of me I've got
my little one down here he was so sleepy
today you're not a big big walk this
morning didn't you
you couriered my Millenia
and then I got got this one over here
who is currently snapchatting away if
you want to follow me on snapchat my
snapchat pointlessblog let's get more
qualities than Zoe no you're lovely you
asked why I'm wearing a hat yet and when
your glasses just look even I like them
no well not on me I like them on you but
look us more they look on make my head
look so round
look you're not game no yeah I don't the
glasses don't you occurring what's gone
no it's not there's a uniform one
instead face up scum they must be doing
something they've got this one they've
got some crazy ones
Oh Oh
why does it make me ah cute nerdy guy oh
that is fun hey guys
Keef oh my god your lips shut your mouth
look at the camera
anyways my blog has got five minutes
left processing and it goes live in 13
minutes oh my god there's one with
makeup on it what's happening
wait you've got the microphone now right
I need to take these off we are about to
head over to my parents house my dad
isn't in Sean isn't in they're both at
work but papi and mom are doing a blog
post for papi today making some of my
life so don't give it away making
something awesome together and we're
gonna go over and hopefully eat some of
it the other day when we were shopping
where what is mom doing with her scarf
mum and we bought some presents for papi
sure and mum and dad when we're shopping
the other day and that opened in them
now she liked that one have we got this
present this is a this is my favorite
present that Sean's one there so give
that one to him later
that's the same as what I got it's so
small this one is that one nice no one's
for Sean nice sweater
put it on me really good I need you
don't have it that we've weighed around
smell that oh my god mom's what this oh
that's nice Lucifer - Sean's dad's got a
different one why don't you have a how
to say
all right now--get probably our main
president it's a gym photo is she a
virgin sister gets ubers to the gym yeah
school mom uber is mom
what's the gym hydrate hair yo and apart
the peridot vodka that was my first time
proper parallel parking by myself guys
maybe there as well mum your present and
dad's good isn't that oh you know that's
an extra one when the garden center the
other day so I got you them no they were
in the till like you know when you're in
like Sainsbury's and something they're
chocolates right by as you pound a good
their gloves and I was like mom does
garden it and I like the color
what no another waiting back there do
you like your scarf I like these little
bits on it school is now obvious like
your bedding you've just brought along
here oh this has been asked the holiday
this one's yours
and those two a dad's is that ourselves
oh my love you going perhaps to leave me
oh hell oh my god
smell this one this is dad's Ronnie this
was my second favorite smell this is
mine oh oh that smell this is this is
why what I can't bear back this is that
I'm dating everyday so that's that's one
hopefully mum likes it put it on this
one let me fan my arm around
so nice isn't it right seriously nice
what's this resistor I love that I might
actually like that one more than the one
you bought oh no because dad's can a
speck of that poppy is over at mums
today because they're filming a new
filming I wish they were filming taking
pictures for a new blog post making
something ridiculous like I'm looking at
it now it's not obscenely amazing thing
I've ever seen ever and so get excited
when's it going up pop next week
naturally I'm going to have to blur it
so that I don't ruin it but you'll be
able to see the shape and see how big it
is okay so this is what it looks like
but you have to see it so bad for good
after wait I'll let you know when the
blog post goes up guys we have just
arrived home everybody that was a lovely
little stop off at my parents tonight
Oh Sean arrived as well but I completely
forgot to block him what are we having
for dinner tonight then are you cooking
dinner yeah I'm doing a Fellini tomato
peppers burrata
we've got Barratt also thank you so much
to gleam as well who basically manage me
if you guys don't know who Kaleem other
Beth you manage me and help me do all
like the work you side of things because
my new book mainly thank you so much to
you guys for this thank you watching
this my new book officially went to
number one in the charts so thank you so
much gleam just sent me the biggest
bottle of champagne to celebrate like
have you seen a big listen Zoe the baby
singing the inside of your the out yeah
it's nothing
like ridiculous I don't even know what
I'm going to let you pick it out it's
gonna be heavy for you look at the size
oh my gosh you scared me
look at the bloom inside of that hey
lads lads lads lads oh we've got a
massive bottles of champagne 1.5 litres
when are we ever gonna drink that but
thank you so much
I have it in pasture out there we're
going to have to have lots of people
over if you want to come over and drink
champagne with us let me know and I'll
invite you over okay we've got pasta
we've got more passes to Matt door but
after deeper look we haven't got any
Anika's yet we're cooking up a storm
over here everybody we turn that off oh
not that one that one or add some
chicken mm-hmm if I had enough tomorrow
tomorrow door and here we go Zoe's looks
so good
you happy with that yeah I only put this
green on to make yours look a little bit
better
I just didn't really want any greenery
and I don't really like tomatoes too
much we've just finished eating dinner I
am so full and so tired I've also
realized I need my hair cut soon there's
a little bit of a more anyways we're
gonna jump in the bath now I'll catch
you into that I'm out the bath and it is
about to happen
finally you guys have been waiting long
enough just like cleansed or what my
done cleanse or exfoliated cleansed all
of my face as well Andy that helps and
I've got that got the goods here the he
she dated a gradual tan about to get
more tan we're going to look like 2014
Alfie what is this not to do if I'm
about to go away right can I get a tan
on top of this town yeah sure because
I'm about to go to a land Oh on Thursday
the day after you're watching this I'm
flying to Orlando and it plan is like 30
degrees are there some things so
self-tanner for face and body tan my
face as well okay then I have to do this
I'm currently trying to read the
instructions Ross is always making it
look like a bird as food I'm humble I'm
in shoulder apparently we don't need to
read this you sure yes you rub it in
like a body moisture and then tomorrow
we're going to see the results hopefully
oh no guys were fake tanning how much do
you use though I get orange
because of this well if I if you get or
in chance I'm going to get a whole
orange body in face
so that's hope point we're not Orange
just grab your turn just looking a
little bit more Brown is it bad for your
skin
no it's good for your skin your eyes
otherwise dear I moisturize my face just
not for a minute
again strangled oh this just like a nice
massage this is why you wanted me to do
it isn't it mm-hmm
turn around huh oh where did you get it
okay
no on the bed why you got your beanie on
because my hand is so messy this is what
isn't as entertaining as I go up I
thought this was going to be like a
really cool vlog well yeah
fake sound everybody fake tan on you
then yeah you would look instantly dark
would I yeah why aren't we doing Germany
look I think we leave this on tonight
see what it looks like tomorrow if it
hasn't made much of a difference I think
I should just put actual town on you I
thought this was actual time a gradual
tan is just really subtle and you'll see
it tomorrow morning when you wake up I
thought I was going to come out looking
like I've been on like a Mediterranean
holiday that's what spray tan I thought
this was basically a spray tan but you
know how have I been roped into doing
this this is like the easiest thing you
could have so done there this literally
feels like I'm just getting a body
massage let me do I should do this on my
face my neck I'll take this off look at
my bloomin hair did it say this is
suitable for the face hmm you said face
run it yeah it was I won't be doing that
magic finally woke up tomorrow like
orange and that is it we've finished up
using all of the stuff I have look at my
bloomin hair I have no idea what it's
connecting I in the white cheese or
should I actually sleep on a towel I
don't know how bad it's gonna be a tan
out and I'm gonna wake up tomorrow I
hope away
my professor I hope I got really turned
I don't think I'm gonna though I think
I'm gonna have to just properly tell you
tomorrow with Italian man yeah if I
don't wake up tan tomorrow
Zoey is going to properly tan me gradual
tan is gradual so how long has it takes
over the instructions is like a couple
of days will you build it so you go try
that again so yeah so you a gradual tan
is something that people kind of put on
every three nights to keep that Wow
golden color no I just wanted a hand
that's why guys like rugs of chance it's
more subtle no I don't want to be subtle
I just want to get a tan tan you there
okay tomorrow I don't want to go for a
spray tan no because I don't want to
stand there a box in front of someone I
don't know if I wake up and I'm not
super tanned and I don't look like I've
been to the Maldives for a week then
Zoey is going to properly fake tell me
with like a fake tan emit and everything
and then I'll be proper tanned and then
I'm going to turn up to Orlando on
Thursday looking like I've already been
there for a month so that's the aim
anyways I know today's vlog has been a
little bit short but I'm going to end it
here because we're both in bed what's
the time can you boss my friend I stole
your Chargers over there half past nine
and we're both in bed I hope you enjoyed
the video if you did give it a big ol
thumbs up if you haven't seen our selfie
club yet then go check it out on our
main YouTube channels subscribe to see
more daily vlogs here on this channel
please remember to do that subscribe
down below
cause something in my eyeball they got
something in my eye maybe it's my eye
anyways I see you tomorrow good
