good morning guys how you doing great I
just woke are you didn't get yeah just
woke everybody up by playing Justin
Bieber on full volume nearly full volume
on the speaker although other if the
other two have actually working out from
it or not it's the days of the day
everybody today is the day that we're
gonna die Jay's hair how excited you
we're getting a diaper it's gonna be red
look at the weather everybody it is
bloody lovely whoa look at this it's so
lovely oh my gosh look at the size of
our blooming tree that we've got we're
going put a little guard oh hi mate calm
down all right may God calm down bloom a
neck it's not a racetrack morning game
of ring toss this game though is
actually Savage if you've never had this
before don't know what you're doing with
your life this is the one if it is right
let's take the Rings are you ready come
on then Jay oh is he practicing out
there that summon is there a bunny got
some apple juice in a wineglass because
that's a sophisticated I am what's this
thing it could have been the perfect day
to fly my drone imagine the dream for
just now vice playing this and then it's
going flying up through that tree we've
got the vibes coming out so when you
come over I shall try where did that
feel like a drone everybody was that the
same kind of vibe right and we found
nothing
yeah all of them at once on issue the
worst tactic of it ever seen no did you
get it right
listen going one but you didn't five
throws left if I land any of these on
the hoop little spiky things then I win
if I don't I lose I have to nail at
least one of these five
oh please don't get what I want to win
yo ya 2020
Oh Alfie is the best that's a good game
I like that game
you're the best tosser man ready right
there
nice just editing up today's blog and
all Jonathan text beaten some pancakes
trades gone for fruit instead being
healthy we're gonna hit the gym off of
this yeah Jay and I are off to the gym
believe it or not oh come on this way
still walking on these why are we still
doing this we've done this all of
yesterday oh we've got our private
little gate entrance that we need to
open up how cute is this
you're gonna climb it there we go oh we
should play tennis sorry about that
look our private little gate no one
going in there will join the gym for bit
and then play tennis or something the
only wish to attend is that we don't
have racquets they have them there where
in the in the in the or inside yeah they
do inside and also nurse Rockhold is a
lovely day I'd be up for a bit look at
the trees everything is lovely is now
woo lovely nice guy what bro we're dying
your hair guys were dying give the video
a thumbs up now if you're excited BJ
with red hair because I am so excited
about this is lovely
I feel so fresh I feel so like relaxed
out here but I'm still doing videos I
could just editing uploaded the daily
book the Internet is amazing here as
well so makes me want to come back the
one thing that you won't going on
about I know that's really so good that
whenever I got to book it I said to them
I was just wondering if all room lot are
individual not the whole hotel are
individual room has good internet and
they were like one minute let me just
confirm that put me on hold came back
I'm like Internet is very good in your
room was like book it then let's do it
because I need to upload so I've just
uploaded the daily vlog I'm about to
start I'm about quarter way into editing
the new video of Zoey which you would
have seen yesterday so I hope you
enjoyed that if you didn't go check it
out and Jana and imagine just living
this life like living in the country
side still editing doing daily vlogs it
been sunny I would want all my friends
to be here though because I think that's
making it really fun yeah I think that's
what it is but you live with friends I
do yeah but I'm buying the countryside
in a place where we can go play tennis
around a corner yeah I just imagine
youtubers should get like a complex in
the countryside well we get like 10 or
12 little tiny villas so we don't have
anything there like all our stuff there
but just some stuff there like spare
clothes and we just have like a tennis
court a swimming pool and everyone just
shares that everyone duo's and lives
there if you're a youtuber and you want
to make fun cool place and film videos
there and everything's down below
there's a link down below and I get not
only ultimate I'm having Evan something
like this in the countryside like this
building here and each youtuber just has
like a little thing that they rent and
then we all go and play tennis and
swimming pools and it will be just make
video I don't even though that he's
amazing at the Instagram here just like
everywhere I haven't taken Instagram yet
cuz I left this one I guess I left my
phone in the room all of yesterday but
now I've got my phone on me so I can be
doing it today and I'm your little I
probably the best friends I just bagged
yours over this place is beautiful
always even got the leg up for the
Instagram yes switcheroo
switch it yes that's it
so these are the guys zebra finches hey
friends
Hey look at you in your little hole
right let's go to the gym
and we're finished in the gym that was
all good we didn't hit anything
particularly hard again guys I'm still
trying to just get back into the flow of
it a little bit and just do little bits
every time I go before I start training
properly again with a trainer there are
so many bunny rabbits so many did have a
good gym sack it's good there was a guy
in there that was pretty damn ripped he
was there before we got there and you
feral and he's still there now and the
entire time I was like texting Leon I
was on Instagram I was like changing
music he was I had his phone on a timer
just like in in his breaks between
weights she was up skipping over her on
there he's going to be there forever
I think it is that yeah I think he's
still going to be there tomorrow if we
go and we're back doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo all right we're all changing
everything from the gym earlier on we
are now off to go go-karting we booked
it this morning I've never been before
have you guys been go karting before
Master Jay has yep Jay you're the one
out with us who doesn't have a car
licence have you been
yeah but your brother should drive in
windy
check out this Matt green Range Rover
yeah that's crazy I think I gave Holly
the wrong punishment everyone we're
currently in a bus carpark only stop on
a driver bus that's great is there a let
this one really
we made it guys and there's a matte
Porsche that is ridiculous
here we go team sport why that is luck
oh my gosh
I love that I think I prefer that to the
Porsche that is amazing I've got a
racing suit we've got some balaclavas we
literally have to wear a balaclava or
about to change
I wasn't going to film in the change
room case and I was getting changed but
there's no one in here I mean I may not
be the best driving a real car go cars
I'm going to be sick all suited up and
all ready you'll get I think I actually
kind of robbed like an overall I think
they're quite comfy you know now I'm
genuinely quite comfortable yo yo yo
okay my hair is a mess cuz Miranda
Halladay don't you worry
got the balaclava Vannoy here we go
y'all that sick is up and down
that's so awesome holy put on your
balaclava I want to show everyone what
you look like your balaclava on you look
so nice he looks so cute I don't know
I've loved it I'm going to look so bad
all right we just finished up the first
race just so so say I gave my camera to
one of the student be born he'll missing
some time hope you enjoy that Ali's big
and SLE back thinking she's the one me
and change my bed one when lift beer
chamber bet 110 you ever win whoever
beats Jumeirah Buster who gives you have
120 pounds Bonnie would do the bear but
now go ahead are you doing it now she
thinks she lapped us motor sometimes you
might even choking spoon
and now other people are racing at the
moment and they're on a different track
so maybe we're doing that one that's I'm
not sure the Gleaners have made my bed
for me
that's so cute look at all the pillows
on the other side forgot to let you all
know the actual scoring's and who one of
go-carting
I'd be everybody Oh times I won didn't I
I beat you both times row I owe you 20
pounds guys out of the ten people
they're in because there's other people
not just us racing
I came 10th the first time lost and
night the second down
wait Annie I don't know you're not video
game Jeff the second time I beat you in
the second no you did this is gonna be
like another thing like well you saying
that you want a in any level Maps you
got you oh yeah Holly Holly gave out the
first one big it ups beginner self up so
much oh yeah I won I won I won
Sarah won wait did you win the second
one as well Sarah won both wait wait
more positions did you come I came nine
and ten honey game 7 ten okay nine eight
nine and eight seven six both times
thank you so much thank you
the others have all gone up to the spine
now we've just finished lunch absolute
smash - I say lunch it's currently
nearly seven o'clock so we had lunch at
six o'clock just been editing up the
vlog and it's all I mean not even vlog
sorry I'm delirious have been literally
edited so much entered my vlog and
edited the new selfie yoga video I'm
currently on FaceTime with Zoe say hello
hello why should they go in that's good
isn't it
we have got seven minutes oh there we go
we've got seven minutes until the selfie
collab comes out my video has purchased
95 percent and it says it should be live
any second or ready to go live in a
second you guys would have seen the
videos by now so I hope you enjoyed them
the videos the live guys though is
currently watching
one you enjoy that yeah
the videos are finally up and the others
as I just said you are currently in the
spa so I've just got to put on my
swimming trunks here they're not my
boxers they're swimming trunks and we
could put you guys down there whilst put
my shoes on I'm rushing to go up there
or to go meet the others
both videos are up and doing really
really well so thank you so much or just
as always I know I say a lot but it
means more than you guys could ever
imagine the support since you got the
key I got the Pierre got my vlogging
camera I'm going to leave my phone here
right let's go don't touch your cool no
no no aah oh my gosh we need to pull
over don't touch the floor don't sprint
I don't often swear on this YouTube
channel because I don't actually swear a
lot in real life and I don't really
think it's a very nice thing doesn't
make you sound good either
but bloody heck it is a lovely day such
a lovely evening
here's 7 p.m. guys and it's still sunny
and bright and lovely and I'm out of
breath from running about 50 meters
that's embarrassing
try not to drop you guys
and the color of the pork chop
I'm sorry scared over to go to the
camera then I went to cook you is it
going to get back
you have a handstand competition do I
need to come in that fall again just
come in we're going to have a handstand
competition guys look at this imagine
having this pool in your house oh my god
this is just sick
look at that
Oh
what
Oh
Oh
I'm going to put you guys away I won the
handstand competition Sara for the ones
and water take mine to a handstand
underwater and Holly Gigi who tried to
rugby tackle me this is so pretty guys
look at the sky oh my god
this is awesome I'm gonna miss this
place there's a star there is a star I
know you can only see the moon are there
with a lit to the left
I'm just trying to push me over everyone
but I'm not I'm not going to touch the
floor go away go away
look at this dad look out oh no I died
to the floor wait help look in the bush
look anniver miss Derek Derek's coming
Derek OH - predictable WOM come out for
a late-night walk come to look at the
Stars it's not often we go in the
countryside unable to properly see the
sky no pollution out here just got back
to the room now after watching the stars
for a little bit very relaxing and nice
of Buddhas here got sausage and mash
she's got mushroom pasta and the other
two have got sausage and mash as well be
excited for food I'm ignoring you
why send Derek to get me fat
hey guys it is a well-known fact that
Derek the scary man who's 87 who lives
around the bushes around this house
comes in at night times and that's it
that's just one in fact these comes in
what I heard he was visiting tonight the
other Island fries for their put it
right
so there's Hugh I have to call you at
Lisa's right way does that a one says
binary kari byron know
okay the lonely boy this is really good
site lemonade cocktails have arrived
guys what have I got Holly Holly's gone
for a Long Island iced tea literally my
least favorite drink in the entire world
I don't know how you like that wonderful
it's definitely not one full let's try
out this passion for dress which is
perfect yeah what we chose is the holy
new job oh that's good right
honey's new job everybody she starts on
Tuesday
whoo all I need is the right don't that
look that way so he's in the middle he's
not in the middle now at all could you
move your hand again oh my god the cover
get off is it rolling yeah action are
you rolling wait wait I'll zoom it look
that's proper sit go on I need a 3 you
ready I don't see the zooming in oh I am
back on my sofa and go and sleep I've
had such a fun day I've just put my
braces back in some super super nice
pika if I took at the dentist on Tuesday
morning and then my briefs are finished
and then the rover and they're done I'm
gonna go to sleep now guys thank you so
much for watching today's video if
you've enjoyed it give it a big ol
thumbs up go check out yesterday's video
I did a tour of all of this place and we
got up to tons of fun go check out my
new main channel videos Zoe where we did
the yoga challenge on my channel the
boyfriend tag on her Channel I'm going
to go to sleep get the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it let's see how many
thumbs up we can get on this video we
live in bright and early tomorrow
morning so I will see you then
good night there we go
what's up by day guys we nearly ended up
going to Isle of Wight to stay in a tent
for two nights
