there we go what's up buddy
guys we nearly ended up going to Isle of
Wight to stay in a tent for two nights
good morning guys good morning how on
earth are you doing are you having a
lovely day it is Saturday it's the
weekend which actually makes no
difference for me the weekends actually
busier than the weeks because I upload
more videos on the weekends I have
Sunday upload to do but for you guys
you have no school no college no work
hopefully actually some of you may work
on the weekends I used to work on the
weekend in fact I still work on the
weekends I just said I do but the
difference for me is that I don't get
emails or phone calls on the weekend and
that is good that makes it so much
better rather than having to do meetings
and anyways all of that so made me a
juicer smoothie it was it good a
smoothie for breakfast today and we're
not for breakfast but butch up to bed
for me so thank you so much that already
I'm currently editing the daily vlog
currently texted Jay and Holly because I
meant to be hanging out Jane Holly you
guys know if you've seen yes to his
video I was meant to be going away this
weekend with Trey and Holly
we never ended up booking anything so we
said okay we're gonna hang out in
Brighton or London or this kind of area
in the UK and we're gonna have as much
fun as possible and that's the plan so I
don't know what's gonna happen yet we
have nothing booked we're gonna try and
go like bowling
maybe go-karting I honestly don't even
know we're just going to try and have as
much fun as possible Zoe is off to go
see the Saucony Jodie's today I think
she's given Eduardo of birthday presents
to him and to congratulate them both
obviously on the new news if you know
about it and today in general is just
looking good it's looking actually it's
the way that all the weather's looking
quite nice as well I want to try and hit
the gym at some point you guys know at
the gym last night I want to try and
start working out three or four times a
week I said this before I mean it I mean
it this time guys we can do it are you
doing what are you doing Missy
II I got a new pillow everybody your
breath is so stinky
you got a stinky breath you got stinky
breath yes you do
yes you do I'm up and out of bed I still
haven't finished edge in the vlog I'm
about halfway through it's looking
really really good at the moment and Zoe
I've already told us she's going to
shoot off to go see Anna and Jonathan
and Amelia and Eduardo and an illegal
bump knuckle bump bump yeah so he's
vlogging today Joe aren't you you're not
gay because you snapchat that I was
smoking and was like where's your blob
way to blow em up remember they died the
next day
exactly Zoe's not a daily vlogger so it
doesn't necessarily have to go up the
next day she just vlogs her name uploads
it a couple of days later once she's had
time to edit day yeah yeah no pressure
guys no pressure but everyone's waiting
for your vlogs for pie I'm not you are
no you're not off Missy where are you
going you're not going anywhere you know
when she might walk into the purpose
areas go back she's like I'm coming and
I really hope you see you're not coming
you're staying with me okay see you
later girls
no she does we've done this test so many
times and it never works out for you oh
look at all of these Edouard is going to
be lucky boy Missy you're gonna save me
today we can have so much fun my my my
favorite Oreo birthday cake you've
already had some there's already some
missing oh right see you later
hmm I see you Oh
quickly pick it up before the doggy
uterus there you go
no thanks see you later bye goodbye I
love your little green Minnie see you
later
don't know I put my jacket on just to go
and say goodbye to Zoey outside I just
realized that the color of our mini
matches my coat as well which is crazy
anyways I need to have some breakfast
and I need to finish editing the vlog
before the others I was going to arrive
here not really too sure what we're
doing today
still and it's two minutes to twelve
Shan Holly I've been here for the last
couple of hours I completely forgot to
blog we've been stressing out trying to
book a million different things for us
to do over the next couple of days we
tried to put like a yurt like tents
camping stuff try to book to go to that
castle try to book some of a swimming
pool trying to go to the Isle of Wight
spoke to a ferry company we changed
everything up we're now going to a spa
for a spa weekend and we put like this
kind of little like detached house in
the spa so we're taking a couple of
games we've got ring toss
there's only I bought empty not this is
Joe yeah you're going to see it once you
see the picture thanks guys oh yeah you
get point that's the sickest game no I'm
going to smash that's the sickest game
of course we're taking this as well just
packed our bags literally booked jet and
we've got it all of today all of
tomorrow and relieved in Monday morning
so I feel like this is I've done it for
everything what do we need swimming
stuff for the spa
we need banter maybe you're working off
oh yeah we're going to Holly's car
Holly's much better at driving than me
and planning her car's not very well at
the moment good day
all right show you carry that through
and I bought all of these despite do we
need some water for the car journeys
only now I've got a lot of bottled water
you've all got some hello have you
finished all your lunch okay I'll see
you in a few days mummy's going to be
back in a couple of hours yeah you've
been to the toilet
you've got your lunch and you've got
your water I see your Monday I love you
got seven minutes until we arrive I'm
still pretty worried that the wheels are
going to fall off this car
your mouth is holding in what oh no its
nine minutes we arrived I'm so sorry
everybody I'm so sorry
as the driving going honey is it bad J
house being that Frank going scared for
my life if I'm going to be honest with
you I absolutely terrified right now
woo yeah we made it and we're alive so
just right now it's really really cool
we got somewhere with a couple of
bedrooms rather than all chair and one
hotel room so as you walk in this is the
front door this here is one of the
bathrooms nice little shower crazy
deeper I've never seen a shower that
deep what the you can fit like all three
of us in there then as you come through
here you've got you got the master
bedroom with a massive master bed nice
little window it's literal I could
detach little building then you've got
the ensuite don't don't dawn in here
hello are you doing then you got a
shower in there as well some nice rooms
and stuff waiting for us and then you go
back to the mean bit hello Charlie he's
just sorting out his video at the moment
like little cozy lounge area dining room
table even got kitchen even got a little
private garden as you do yeah
will you appoint a garden and then I
think Holly's run here in the second
bedroom here she is hello there we've
got two single beds in here we're not
sure who's sleeping where yeah I think
I'm probably getting up crashing on the
sofa or something and taking a taking a
do versus that one of these guys can
push these beds together and have a
double bed in one of them the other one
can have the other bed in there and
arching from the sofa doesn't really
matter this place is call with basically
so we plan to just come here for the
next couple of days and really just
chill have a nice relaxed weekend and
just have fun have room service go to
the spa
I spoke to Zoe earlier she might be
coming up tomorrow if she's got time
she's got a lot of editing to do from
vlogs that she's been filming
in Channel video all the same day you're
watching this I've got a new main
channel video going up with Zoe on my
channel we have got so I tell you I
don't know if the videos are going to be
out yet I'll tell you my channel we've
got the yoga challenge me and Zoe to the
yoga judge Rizzoli and I and on her
channel we've got the boyfriend tag the
actual serious realistic boyfriend tag
not like some jokey one with Tyler not a
jokey girlfriend tag Miranda like a real
boyfriend tag with Zoe so she needs to
be editing her video and stuff like that
but you might try and come and pop up
here and have like the afternoon with us
or something in the spa I want to get
afternoon tea tomorrow as well and I
don't know yeah we're just gonna have a
fun time we're going to enjoy it
take a couple of days out everything and
just relax have some fun
my daddy vogue is going up in like 15
minutes J when your video go now any
video goes up in five minutes
have you got your banter with you your
banter full-on in my pocket into a
pocket you're good at all right awesome
see you later then oh look what I am
doing
oh my gosh I need to lock this I'm
literally like the adult check it out
and wait all lock I'm literally like the
adult taking my kids away to send parks
out on holiday or something look at this
everybody how cool is that I don't think
that's so cute I love this I like the
big old tree as well yeah
perfect go on quickly do it Holly climb
it yes good golly go go go go go oh my
gosh this poor spongy bunny
alright let's play no one's allowed to
touch the floor otherwise bad things are
gonna happen why didn't they fight each
other children I said we had to read on
a team Oh No
there's so many bunnies over there well
I'm going to try and zoom in my camera
doesn't seem very far good let me see
oh my gosh hey which is none of these
alcoholic just industry to Friendship
thank you so much oh my gosh this looks
good
yo that burger though mine has no chips
Charlie's which is the same just
vegetarian comes with chips and salad
just getting it they just like you can
your veggie no we just got back to our
little cabin place finished up lunch oh
I'm so full with it good good lunch good
luck and we think we're going to go
swimming now although what you saying do
we but our swimming stuff on now and
robes on and walk up there
I would certainly just do it absolutely
yeah that's just part of the funny look
isn't it I say we get changing outdoor
swimming stuff and walk up there in
robes but also learn to write so I don't
know that's one of you've got have you
got costume or bikini yeah Oscar said
you had a costume then you'll be warming
up is rhyming no I'm going to go up like
this and just take so much stuff let's
pack some pack a bag with some swimming
stuff and we'll get changing the
changing rooms I don't know if I'm gonna
be able to take you guys with me what's
the new swimming trunks the other day
when we shop in some little pink ones
what do you think I don't feel a little
bit too sure
yeah we're worried about there I mean I
don't know about slippers no coach age
wearing not you I gave them 1pv hoodie
between them and every time one of them
wears it today the others just been
getting annoyed right see you later bro
okay bye have a good time give up man
Oh back in the game let's go run run
right I know this Holly and this bully
oh no gladiators
oh alright then for the little jump
around
oh man that's flippy okay
no give me a little friends hello it is
time to go swimming the other two in
there I've just seen the nobody is in
the outside hot tub oh yeah I'm so
excited this is sick look at this bro
this is the one guys around here or hot
pool in around here they've got this is
all like hot tubs with jets they've got
like jets coming on each one you have to
press the buttons
oto-chan the castle we're going to go in
the hot tub outside which is ordering
some wine
imagine this being like the your
basement in your house imagine this is
going to be the coldest walk in the
entire world you made no house around
you know hopefully no one's in there no
one's in there no oh no the towel was
all wet I put it there now put the
camera down there we go
my stuff by day guys we nearly ended up
going to Isle of Wight to stay in a tent
for two nights I think we've got the
best girl yeah
when a hot tub steaming hot tub instead
of being in a tent in the Isle of Wight
again I'm going to put the cover down
somewhere else
otherwise I'm definitely going to end up
reading it look how steaming it is that
look at this Steve we got a little
froggy friend oh my gosh it's so cold
it's so cold it's so cold
Sara's just arrived and we're off to go
get some snacks because we're about to
order some food we realized that we want
some food a bit sooner we've got the
best spot we picked up load of food and
drinks that we want and we're now in the
hair dyeing section I tweeted yesterday
saying I want to mix up a hair and have
some fun okay we're gonna dye your hair
red show everybody this boy let us do it
tonight wasn't your hair though will it
say much we do it tomorrow shoot eyes
hair right can you stay in there I
thought it yeah
wishing huh no but I don't want to die
yet no but like my skin no no I said
just get it
yeah I move my hair I've seen that edits
when my head's bleeding by never again
no once I'm ready it's gonna look good
John one two three all right why don't I
make the syrup
let's just do it well get it boy and do
it no that's why should you do it I know
you ain't picked up when you got
matching hair exactly we don't need
matching hair bro that's you you check
that one this is three I'm not gonna
green you can be purple and I can be
yellow and we can be the Power Rangers I
want grey but there isn't a great one
here
Hey so this is my bed tonight everybody
I've got the sofa because I was going to
share the single beds with chain we're
going to have one each have you under
bed bro see in the body wait what time
we waking up
yeah that's Jim tomorrow morning whole
six now I've got two videos to edit now
and it's already 1:00 let's rig up a
half seven okay should we say like nine
eight o'clock eight o'clock right see
you 8 o'clock bro
not half at 8:00 see a closing the door
goodbye right okay so I've sleeping on
here tonight on the sofa because Jay and
I were going to share
we're going to have one bed each one of
the single beds each for this sofa kind
of looks a little bit bigger and its
deadly longer I'm pretty sure it's wider
than the single bed so I've just put my
duvet pillows down here the girls are in
the other room in the double bed in the
master suite room but I think this
room's good if I get like constant
access to the fridge and the kitchen and
I've got a ton I'm just going to start
getting changed now I've got a ton of
editing to do tonight because as I said
the same day you're watching this I've
got a my new video with Zoey is going up
the yoga challenge and I haven't had a
chance to edit it yet and it is 10
minutes past 1:00 in the morning so so
I've got my laptop here I've got a pack
of chili sensations no actually they're
not under the other twice sweet chili
sensations and I'm going to crack on
with the edit now I've got some Lewis
Watson playing and I'm all chilled and
good so I'm probably just going to end
the vlog now actually otherwise I'm just
going to end up staying home my gosh 22
minutes past 1:00 all right I'm going to
end the vlog I hope you've enjoyed
today's video it has been just such a
chilled relaxing day we didn't have any
plans this morning on what we were doing
at all and I think we've ended up with
such an awesome place though we're
staying so much fun tomorrow I'm going
to give you a little tiny hint into
what we might be doing we're thinking
quad bike in and go-kart in we haven't
run up into the place to see if there
any if they're free of they've got any
space for us but that's the aim so
hopefully we're going to get up to a lot
fun tomorrow give the video a big thumbs
up if you're excited tomorrow if you've
enjoyed today's blog if you like this
pad if you've like me hanging out all
also we're gonna die chase head to March
a are we gonna die your head tomorrow
car near we say let's just assume he
said yeah okay I'll get you tomorrow
remember to subscribe down below all I
should probably announce the winner for
the 360 camera soon I haven't picked
somebody yet so I look through the
comments as well and pick a winner and
I'll let you know so I'll catch you
tomorrow good good yeah run another one
just for being so good come here you
want a treat sit down oh my gosh need
bit my bloody fingers off
