good morning guys good morning how on
earth are you doing I'm working from the
new setup today for the very very first
time if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
go check it out because I changed up all
of my office now the only negative that
I found out obviously I'm gradually
going to find out things that I don't
like because of the new setup over time
I found one thing straight away also it
is like lunchtime I'm so sorry I haven't
started the blog yet I spent all of this
morning editing the vlog and uploading
it editing to gaming videos and
scheduling them to go up over the next
couple of days for you guys to keep your
eyes peeled for new gaming videos and
then Zoe and I spent the rest of the
morning tidying up the house just doing
like chores like we got a food
deliveries we put away all the food what
else would we do we got a new chest of
drawers downstairs and we had to take
order and it was solving them and heavy
weights take upstairs it took like half
an hour I was sweating out afterwards
because obviously as I we can't carry
the weight because she's only small so
she was more like guiding me whilst I'm
carrying this chest of drawers like this
big up the stairs and pushing in I think
I pulled my back doing it I want to
spend today filming more gaming videos
because I understand that that channel
has been slacking a little bit recently
so that is what I'm about to do you guys
might know what this game is up on the
screen at the moment but the thing that
I said to you that I've realized that
doesn't work with this new desk setup is
my microphone I've got nowhere to plug
my microphone onto to be able to come
over in front of my mouth for what I'm
doing this is my microphone when I'm
doing my gaming videos so I'm having to
just freestyling taking it off the stand
I've got a different stand here that's
just like some wooly metal pole thing
and I'm like be bending it and then I'm
going to put the microphone on there and
then I'm going to duct tape a little
masking tape it down obviously this is
only temporary this isn't going to set
this forever
all right I love how in some ways I've
got the most insane setup like four
monitors multiple cameras a laptop and
then my microphone looks like this oh my
god again I'm in quite a hyper move
because I'm Carney drinking a latte and
I'm just all oh my god
I mentioned lean back a little bit I
didn't mean to bloomin break my voice
we've got six minutes to wait until my
video is done exporting and what do you
do when you have six minutes spare you
got my new carpet that's what you do
let's grab our stuff let's go and see we
can get my shrug because we've got this
big empty patch of floor here now all of
this and I'd love to get a couple of
rugs and there is a shop not too far
away in town that might sell one yeah I
don't if this was a good idea
I like this one here this one's cool
this one's nice is just bit smaller
isn't it think we've got one maybe two
oh sorry all good we got one now I've
just got lug all the way back here we go
and we're back oh my gosh
whoo oh my gosh it is tiny I thought it
was quite big it looks literally tiny it
might have to go over there oh jeez oh
there we go look at this oh no it's
gonna be so curly isn't it no oh I need
to like weigh it down whoo now I'll just
I'll just stand like this for the next
couple of hours I think it looks alright
you know I'm happy with that
good job let's go back to this new video
whoa it is time to leave the studio and
head home for the weekend I might come
back might come back and do some more
videos every weekend and I'm not sure
goodbye
I'm not sure what tonight's plans are
originally I was going to be going to
either like Dubai or Spain or Portugal
or somewhere called a Z scale or even
just like a spa with che and Holly we
didn't end up booking anything and we've
all taken like the days out of work and
out of every that we're doing to hang
out together but now we have no plans
so at this stage we're currently
thinking of go like go-karting tomorrow
maybe going bowling maybe going for a
goal but the weather's like this and we
just read end of a clue
Polly's busy till 8 p.m. tonight and
change currently in London which both of
those make it a little bit more
difficult to work out what we're going
to do but we're gonna say just see what
happens
hello hello baby hey have you had a good
day have you had a fun day with mommy
yeah I need to take that box out shall I
just do it now and get out of the way
and straight back out to do the little
dougie for a walk there's something so
calming about walking a dog I'd never
dogs barking I don't know what it is I
think it's just the fresh air the chill
just walk that it's not any exercise and
there's no aim to it other than just wow
this big dog up there oh my god
literally that house has a guard dog as
I was set o rain literally just fell in
my mouth off of that tree like an actual
drop just fell it in my mouth as I said
the word ass dog walks are usually
really calming and really relaxing today
not so much because we've had a guard
dog barking us rain falling in my mouth
do you like my new coat I got a new coat
yesterday I like it I like it a lot Oh
shaky-shaky
good one another one just for being so
good come here you want a treat sit down
oh my gosh and you bit my bloody fingers
off oh my gosh guys this coat looks so
thin but it is so warm I'm like dying
good girl sit no it doesn't like bite as
in to hurt you and it never does that
bad she's never actually bitten and hurt
me at all but what she does do is when
you give her a treat she's so excited
she's like ah ah and you just have to
put it in her mouth like she literally
just goes for it
she'll take your harness off you is that
what you want coming in let's do this
bit you know how to do this coming at it
what are you doing come here sit down
let's get you one of these we're going
to try and take this one nicely aren't
we but she that she doesn't know what to
do no close her mouth she gets too
excited okay little pause should we dry
them they're quite wet I've just
realized the only thing I've eaten today
is a tuna and cucumber sandwich from
prep this morning other than that I
haven't eaten and uh no I did I had that
page
as well but I haven't had my breakfast
and lunch and it's currently quarter to
7:00 in the evening but like I said all
our food arrived this morning so we've
got tons of selection I really want to
go to some of this with my quinoa but
we've run out of soy sauce so I can't
have that for dinner tonight I need to
go and get some soya sauce is it soya
sauce or soy sauce so like it's soy
sauce I don't know what we prepared just
a little snack
it looks so delicious we've got
camembert with honey
oh my my soul carrot answer just a small
amount of cream why honey explain
because I no time to be blogging about
why do cheese and honey did it once so
Tanya not for You Missy
Tanya put honey on a camembert she was
like you have to try it so good and
since then I've been obsessed so thanks
to this is like the stinkiest thing in
the world in your fridge and you're
gonna hate having it but once you cook
is the best thing in the world
ah oh my gosh get that cheese so
so Shawn's on his way over guys I'm
wearing my gym clothes because I am off
to the gym I don't know if I told you in
yesterday's video I think I did but I
may have cut it out when Zoey and I were
clothes shopping the other day in blue
water I tried on a vest in AllSaints and
I was literally like I need to start
working out my body looks crap I need to
get in good shape I need to get fit
we've got a family holiday coming up in
a few months and I really really want to
start working out for it so there Ian
was like going towards there knows what
to tell you that my hair was like this
haven't start wearing it back again it's
just this out of the way the Jimmy look
with me
what's his name Wilson Sean you got me
making sculptures so you've done a
little bit of work out of the machines
and stuff but we want to come and do
some ABS and some more like fun
technical kind of stuff so I'm going to
put you guys down here and film what
we're doing really hurt me are any
insurance audio is back it in one pull
up and he cries
I'm not good
can you hear what's on Troy so good how
nuts of that guy's toys playing in the
gym the gym is closing guys when he's
got shoes on head out and I'm home yeah
that was good top ten where are my girls
where are my two girls
hello are they in here you two asleep
you both sleep in you look so tired
Missy since both the girls are asleep
upstairs I can no longer do my fake or
gradual tan or whatever you call it
tonight enough to pull it again off we
have to put it again off we're gonna put
it off again for another day but what we
can do is eat some Easter Egg from the
freezer that we haven't yet eaten
currently watching everything changed
again and again by the secona Jolie's it
is their new rug that has just gone up
and it reveals that Ana is blooming
pregnant how exciting is that like I
knew I got told yesterday the day before
or two days ago for you I got toward the
day before the video at night because
they wronged Zoe in the video and spoke
to her and Zoe instantly rang me and
we've been all texting each other and
everything so congratulations I know
Jonathan Amelia and Eduardo oh my gosh
you got a third one come in a dated
little bit ah
oh man so so exciting look how thick
that chocolate is that is insane had a
really really good Jim session we just
messed about did a little bit of
everything today because we didn't want
to kill ourselves the first day back
I've gone to the gym so many times for
the first time in ages worked really
hard or like a couple of specific parts
of my body like back and biceps for
example and then literally not being
able to use them the next day and I
didn't want that to happen I didn't want
to wake up tomorrow and just be like
literally can't move can't move why did
it work out so hard so we just had fun
and just messed about did a bit of
everything today just lifts women all of
my stubble guys all of this business and
all shave and clean again I'm sorry guys
I didn't get the chance to do the fake
tan today I know you guys wanted me to
do it just see what it looks like
there's always fast asleep and I've no
idea how to do it and I don't trust
myself doing it by myself so we're gonna
have to do that another time
nevertheless I hope you've enjoyed the
video if you have give it a big old
thumbs up to them you know I'll catch
you tomorrow remember to subscribe and
I'll see you then good that you enjoying
your lunch
I've got beanie burger
