good morning guys good morning there is
something about being at this studio
that just makes me feel calm
makes me feel relaxed I think I think
it's just because there's not much mess
or if there is Ness it's like organized
mess because I know why I put it where
it is and currently our house is like
the messiest place in the entire world
and because I bought a ton of new
clothes yesterday's you saw we were in
clothes shopping I've just like thrown
all my clothes across the entire room
everywhere my shoes my jackets my shirts
my t-shirts everything I own clothing
lies is all over the road
I'm currently sorting it all out and
trying to find what I'm going to give to
charity and what I'm going to keep on
the note of goods
look what I'm blooming wearing are you
ready I've got shorts on I got shorts on
I got shorts on everybody feels so good
good I feel so like summery so like
awake and so like giddy oh my gosh I've
got shorts on guys
I bought a load of stuff yesterday as
well to try and keep my office in check
because I'm not very good with things
like my accounting and things like my
paperwork so I've got a lot of things
like this
a load of boring BIOS and stuff
yesterday I've also got full I found
something earlier that is it's stupid
for me awesome for you guys okay let me
get it from this bag also this is new
bag do you like it but myself a new bag
get their points book t-shirts more
flexible t-shirt all phone case samples
I found whilst hiding in my room today
or phone cases that never quite made it
on sale colors textures that I just
wasn't quite happy with as you guys know
I chest out tons of Southwest before
releasing anything so much these loads
of samples that never made it because
they just weren't good enough for you
whenever is it I swear I put it in
yeah there it is the dawn right so as
you guys know I am very impulsive when
it comes to buying gadgets and toys in
gizmos and is a nice thing gadgets and
gizmos galore a while ago people started
releasing 360 videos and I was like I
need to do this I need to get on the
bandwagon and each a hop-on and I need
to release the physics to video so I
went online and I ordered a 360 camera
so it's a camera that films fully 360
and I never actually used it because
when I feel my 360 video we use Louie's
360 camera because I forgot to bring my
with me so I have got a brand new 360
camera like an actual 360 camera the one
that will the youtubers use it is
brand-new never used before
I don't know how to open it Oh fancy
look it's all in the packaging it's in
there in the packaging it is brand new
instead of it just sitting in my studio
and me not ever using it or using it
once or twice I thought it'd be much
better if I gave it to one of you guys
so that you could film your the
opportunity to film a 360 video so if
you want to be in the chance to win that
I'm going to keep it super simple all
you have to do is comment down below
what video you're going to film with the
360 camera and the coolest the most fun
the best video concept that I can see I
will send it to you wherever you live in
the world I will send you the 360 degree
camera and then hopefully you can make
that amazing film you can make the
awesome video that you wanted to film
with the physics 2 camera 360 360 360 if
I set it up and subscribe you have to be
subscribed of course to the daily vlogs
and just leave a comment and and I'll
send it to one of you that's what we'll
do anyways how are you doing over having
a lovely day whatever you doing wherever
you are in the world my friend Sam you
guys know Sam from Australia who came
over a couple of weeks ago just sent me
a video of him this morning on the beach
in Australia going Alfie this is what I
will be just like and he's like holding
the sand Alfie deyes I'd like to present
you a real Beach and I invite you to
come and try and feel
real sand between your toes not pebbles
haha between his fingers it's none of
the stones in Brighton because our Beach
inviting is just stones and pebbles
anyways I'm getting a bit overexcited
today and then a wife I just feel in
such a good mood
I haven't eaten yet and the time is
super late it's one minute to 12
lunchtime and I haven't had breakfast or
lunch yet I also want to do something
with these pieces are the artists who
made these actually tweeted and email
and said hey I just saw the you are
pieces of art you really like them and
I'm like dude I love them that's it
anyways show you head out to town should
we go get some lunch I think we should
time to grab a Nando's guys I'm just
getting some bottles of water and check
this massive on that magazine I'm gonna
start the fridge back up with some new
fresh water we've had no water in the
office I say we meaning me and you you
enjoying your lunch I've got a beanie
burger I've got some halloumi and I got
some spicy rice how jealous no I
absolutely smashed that Nando's bean
burger I've started going for the bean
burger in Nando's and I'm loving it the
moment that one thing that I completely
forgot to do ages ago and I've been
wanting to do it but I keep on
forgetting and I just sat down start
going through my emails and I saw an
email from me literally months ago being
like yo man thank you so much I'm going
to shout you guys out and I forgot so I
just wanted to say thank you so much
he's probably not even watch him because
he's been watching my vlogs waiting for
me to say this because I told him my
word
thank you so much two hairpin leg
company basically you know these desks
here I was trying to get desc sorted for
so long I then got put in touch with a
company called the hairpin leg company
they went out of their way to build me
like a bespoke size like I measured up
how long I wanted and I told them how
big I needed my desks they then got the
changed from white to gray super super
quickly and got me the legs that I
wanted super super quickly and delivered
it all to my office and gave me like
you're not even gonna believe this they
gave it to me for free but they actually
gave me these desk free and the other
one in that one three desks so I just
wanted to shout them out and say thank
you so much this is their website the
hairpin leg company look at their new
logo so I've got this desk here which is
actually normally two hundred and thirty
pounds which is good for a desk but
anyways they're not paying me to say
this this isn't a sponsored deal I
literally just had such good service
from them so I just wanted to say thank
you so much for all of the help guys
thank you to Adam we've sorted to all
our I emailed him after these arrived
saying y'all you were so awesome with
all the helping out all the service and
everything your company is great I want
it I want to shout you guys out in one
of my vlogs and let everybody know where
I got my desks from and I forgot to do
it so Adam if you're watching thank you
for the help
thank you sorta my desks are otherwise
these would probably be like on the
floor or something or I'd like be
working on a coffee table in the other
side anyways I just thought I'd let you
guys know thank you so much Adam you'll
be pleased to know that I've just
officially finally officially done right
now this minute I finished my very last
piece of work on the new app for the
Newburgh it is finally coming up and
getting so many tweets and emails and
messages and serve my book publishers be
like where is the new app where is it
I've been working on it for so long as
I've said a ton of times it took me far
longer than what I thought to do that
because I just didn't realize how hard
it was going to be intuitive to find
really funny good baby videos of me but
I found them all I put them all in I've
done loads of exclusive stuff so the app
will be coming soon I will tell you a
date when I can I know that it takes a
while to build and like Apple to approve
it and put it in the App Store so it's
going to at least be a couple of weeks
but my side of it is done it is all done
and is now down to the app builders and
I'll let you know once it's coming but
it's coming it's coming you can you can
stop emailing everyone
guys westwards up and waiting for the
app the vlog is going live in 20 minutes
I think I'm going to go and get myself a
well deserved cupcake I've also uploaded
a gaming video which would went live
last night for you guys so I hope you
enjoyed that but for me right now all
right let me take that 10 pounds I'm
gonna go and get myself a cupcake
because that is all I can and I can't
stop thinking about it and I want one so
bad about 30 seconds ago I've decided
that my office is just annoying me this
oh this is an office and I want it to be
a cool studio so I'm going to just stay
late tonight I'm going to get rid of all
of this I'm going I've just started
doing it I'm just going to change up
everything ever everything is going to
be changed position this is going over
that light actually don't even know if I
can do that because I've already put the
legs on it is hot in here I'm like
measuring everything out suing
everything properly we've got 150
centimetres long from my desk are you
ready to see something but you're not
even going to believe I'm trying to face
it again we're going to put that away
oh I'm trying to basically film
let make a filming background without
having to get like builder's interchange
with the walls and everything and
without having to go and buy tons of new
furniture
so I'm gradually moving stuff around and
this is starting ish just for now to
look like the new background for my main
channel videos 3 2 1
if there's two people to work to oh my
gosh this would be easy
do you know it would just be the best
blooming idea ever to just leave that
there
Ivor you put the net on a friendly piece
of advice from Alfie deyes never try and
move a table tennis table by yourself
ignore the sweat the dirty hands the
greasy looking face are you ready for a
new studio tour oh my gosh I need to get
home it is so late I'm so sweaty these
are brand new clothes from the shopping
yesterday in their problem ruined are
you ready I'm so excited
give the video a thumbs up if you like
all the changes pull let's begin so as
you come in here we've got this is the
same switch this up a little bit that
won't stay there forever that will go on
the wall somewhere over here we've got
the same as normal no coffee table as
you come in here we've got a couple of
pieces of like old merchandise old
t-shirts old jumpers sorry about my hair
beanies I'm gonna get a clothes rail
somewhere so I can hang them all up
properly here we have still got the
table dinner table because oh my gosh
literally 45 minutes to trying to fit it
through that bloody door and I couldn't
do it
that's staying there okay it just it
just is switching over to this side
we've got no desks where the bloomin LMI
desks wait and see so over here we've
got complete normal stuff desks are
missing spinny thing there instead of
there over here a little bit tidy tidy
obviously those aren't going to stay
there I might get some more desks here
in the future or something I don't know
but are you ready three two one dawn oh
wait you've kind of seen this but
already anyway it's got the little table
here I might get a carpet on the floor
this I think is gradually going to be
the background for my main channel
videos something like that kind of vibe
I don't know maybe something a bit more
zoomed I don't know we're going to sort
out that there is going to be where I
film my main channel videos are you
ready to see my new desk set up because
blooming air it is intense it looks
ridiculous to one don't don't dawn this
is the new setup everybody so going
along I've got all three desks here this
so going along I've got my paper
shredder print a new piece of art might
pick that up on here if I might get a
little nail tack it up in there got some
pens and pencils weekly planner laptop
bottle of water points blog notepad iPad
iMac so this is where I film gaming
videos that are on my iMac so I'm going
to sit here and my camera back there is
going to record me playing gaming that's
right this is in the corner so that the
tripod can go behind it
here is my second screen so I can do
that emails and edges in you guys know I
have two screens then switching it up
over here this is my PC setup got a
little cheat piece of art there
obviously I turn this on and then it's
like jewel screens between those two
normally this is separate but I've just
added it on to the rest I can now do PC
gaming and I'm at gaming don't--don't
done I can like edit daily vlogs and
this switch over to PC gaming
and of course I've got a fan here this
is my favorite fan I love this I think
this may even actually be Zoe's but just
don't tell her because I love it so much
okay shhh just pretend and then that's
just I don't know what that's doing
that's just another camera setup but
what do you think look at that it is
absolutely obscene I am so happy with it
because it means I need to get some more
stuff over here so much storage and
clothing rails phelps and cloves when i
film in to hang a ton of merchandise get
some shelves and some drawers and then
in this side I don't know what I'm going
to do over here I haven't told you guys
yet but you know Angela you guys all
know and she helps me with all my like
business II contract stuff and talking
to the book publishers and your mighty
work together well Angela in there
couple of no not in a couple of weeks in
a couple of months I think it's at the
end of May is gonna start working
full-time in here it's going so so good
because she is so on it with timings and
schedules and deadlines so I know she's
going to push me to make a lot more
videos I know she is and she's just
going to help me out like my emails and
just everyday sorting things out she's
going to start working from here instead
of working in London and then coming up
and down from Brighton to London
Hun's to work with me so she's gonna
start working here so I kind of need to
get her a desk so my setup is in the end
over there I'm thinking of letting her
choose her desks and everything like
that I'm working in here somewhere
but bloomin heck I was meant to be
getting fake tan tonight but I think I
might do that tomorrow because I just
want to go back and sleep so instead of
in today's vlog I'm not going to fake
tan I think I'm going to do that
tomorrow's vlog
goodbye I'll see you tomorrow I love you
goodbye babe everybody not only did I
not realize that it was no longer sunny
I've also not realized that it's
actually raining and I'm wearing shorts
I definitely look really cool right now
yeah my legs are freezing
just getting a Zoey's car to go home
your present it's getting in perfect
condition open your eyes is it a cake I
mean it's definitely not gonna be
battered from being in my bag oh no oh
oh I ate about 20 minutes ago the same
cake you this sleepiest puppy in the
whole world
here you go gorgeous and here is a treat
that being the best dog in the whole
world you're going to get to sleep now
no no I have not drugged anything since
getting home and it's half past two
overnight
I've just finished working on two new
gaming videos so they're going to be
going up over the next couple of days
zoey is fast asleep upstairs and has
been for the last like hours so just
come down to put knowledge bed and I'm
tempted to eat some chocolate we've
still got quite a few Easter eggs left
over and this guy here is just staring
at me I'm going to end the vlog it's
half-past twelve I might have a cupcake
since we do have 24 for Zoey your
cupcake early I forgot we were like 24
here from when we did the thing with
Lola's cupcakes and rays of sunshine as
I said I'm going to end the vlog I hope
you've enjoyed it if you have
give the video bigger thumbs up tomorrow
I'm going to put on the fake town the
gradual tan I think I'm also saying
Holley inch a tomorrow which would be
nice
and what else am i doing what else what
else what else oh yeah
the giveaway comment down below where
you want the camera subscribe I'll be
picking the giveaway winners over the
next couple of days so I will catch you
tomorrow good night
serious
