good morning guys good morning and you
insist today everybody like I said
yesterday we got up super bright and
early and we have headed off to have an
adventure together we've got no meetings
no editing to do already done away
editing last night I don't know where
we're going and we've basically both
taken the day out completely out of work
and what are we doing exactly there's
your car what are we doing oh there's
your cars are going shopping is that
he's done what you don't actually know
you look we are going now everybody we
are we are blue water which is basically
a massive shopping center kind of near
London an hour away from our house and
Zoey drove us up here this morning just
now we're just surviving it's so big I
have no idea how again like how we get
inside what shops aware or anything all
I know is I've got a ton of ice a time
I've got three items that I need to
return to urban outfitters that don't
quite fit me that I bought and I
stupidly didn't try them on that's why
you try things on that's why this
fitting rooms
whereas I bought it bring them home we
literally didn't measure just walked
from home it is a lovely day today
everybody you feel in summary I'm
feeling lookout summery I'm feeling are
you ready three two one well I've got my
ankles out got not blooming and goes out
everybody it's that summary today Oh
oh my gosh the Bluewater gift card give
them everything wow so smart eggie only
the toilets oh yo yeah someone's on a
key far cash point very handy we
actually don't have any cash I need to
get some cash I got myself an ice lar to
everybody and we're about to go there
Urban Outfitters this one looks so cool
doesn't it looks quite quirky
I swear girls have such a better
selection of globes than boys but all of
this here I love this not the skirt love
that Charles is quite cool like just
everything
it's so easy to get the girls lover
to go to the changing room so try some
someone here
I find it so hard to find good plain
white t-shirts like with no pocket just
plain I think I just found one that I
like
Oh
and then we'll have any good guys also
got a bag jumper two more t-shirts and
bomb the jack here or now
or infer this one this is awesome it
says happy birthday and you get all of
the letters in that one live with that
just so good to have on your desk just
picked up tons of new stuff in Urban
Outfitters we've dropped your back to
the car now we are in Zara I love it
when Zoey wears jeans but she hardly
ever wears them whether you've got jeans
on today have you guys seen Zoey's jeans
check out how funky these are show them
your jeans you're wearing they're from
here actually are they yeah no I really
want to buy these pencils because
they're so small and cute they are so
tiny they're in a CD in my office
you won't even be able to hold them
they're so tiny you're not really okay
you can like accidentally inhale these
if you buy them why would you
accidentally inhale offensive get is
only wise these everybody expect a
drawing slash coloring episode or vlogs
of your vlog of your vlog you have to do
a coloring challenge get it done lunch
afternoon evening now that's what we
need to plan our meals not what we don't
use it do we Lola's cupcakes everybody
they're the cupcake company that came
down yesterday to work with us and rays
of sunshine to meet a ton of you guys
thanks so much Lola's we haven't had
lunch yet or even I haven't even have
breakfast so at 2 o'clock we've done a
lot more shopping
oh my gosh then for everything they've
even got Krispy Kreme we just popped in
to Jamie's to grab some lunch it is
super super quick it's already here and
it looks delicious I've gone for the
pastor special which I can't actually
remembered it is what's that thing that
looks like you come up in here here oh
my gosh what they call it cause yep so
this is like some cause yep pasta with
nuts something something got some
calamari got some bread got some Italian
nachos got some spaghetti bolognaise
delicious
I've eaten so much my stomach is like
I'm gonna explode
sorry I don't know how much more
shopping I can do
if I can have eyebrows that's the
scariest thing
show them check this picture of Zoe with
no eyebrows I also hate those photos
anyway did you enjoy your lunch
hello you are usually there yeah dude
Illinois one I'm being a good boyfriend
I am being dragged around makeup
shopping Quan talk it's riddled stuff
Zilla stuff mascara I don't know I'm
just following around oh wow you guys
what are you doing all our friends are
popping up the other day when we were
filming Saturday night takeaway you must
have seen in the vlogs Marx and I were
joking and laughing because they cold my
eyelashes but it made me look so much
more awake and like healthy and
energizer look like I had a coffee and
my eyes black B so I genuinely want to
buy one I don't know if that's weird or
not an eyelash curler
here we go everybody in buying an
eyelash curler the trip has been
worthwhile
you guys saw what I just bought I'm
about to take a step even further so in
2000 we're talking Matt the update in
2014 I look a lot like healthier than I
do now
and I think it's we're not not healthy I
just looked better and I think it's
because of my skin I was more tanned I'm
quite pale at the moment and I just look
so much better when I've got tan ranking
and we're in a section out the shop and
they've got gradual tan so this is what
this is what I need to get which one do
I go for are any of them good what's
that I'm a little of it which one though
Oh here welcome to this one yeah this oh
but a minute what'd you do bounce this
friend is my favorite honey
is it good I don't want to go like
really ready time liquid cash if I don't
want to go like really tanned I want it
Sunkist nice oh you might not need light
anything how do I know what shade I
already out I'm guessing it's light now
do you think I must be lights try them
he'll give this one there I don't want
to go medium acacia come out really
really tired
what does this even look like how do you
put this on
over my whole body my face everything
what I don't want a really pale face one
day to day gradual town for him and for
her okay I'm sorry
dated a gradual town is ideal for
gradually building a light bronze
complexion for those with fair to medium
skin tones dates being Asian massaging
spice again this is the one this is it
this is my key to looking better get
ready for some sex crops guys and time I
think this is the one that I just take
it out have a sit down more so he shops
is that good you do you shop in I'm
gonna have a nap I cannot even explain
how many good things we purchase I feel
like if I was if I was into doing like
holes and things am i shouting if I was
interested in clothing halls I could do
the sickest grave and all that I've was
so many amazing items aglow then Oh
found something she likes she can they
get it she's getting annoyed with me
showing she on you she says that you
just told me to go away and now you show
me to show the camera told me to show
them or not okay Zoe's currently saying
look how cute these are be not at film
them she I think she's gonna put them in
a hole or something he doing a whole
she's doing a whole so I'm not allowed
to show you what she's buying time to
put some more bags back guys the Jo
Malone herb garden what do they smell
like
then you get we're just having a look at
the herb garden what they showed out
that's good this one's good
that's know what this smells like like a
healthy juice I could you spell that
one's literally like oh yeah yeah I love
your favorite favorite how I know it
yeah I know it
sorry is getting literally one of
everything as usual what's your favorite
Oh what that your guy I've never seen
him before I used to look different III
think
humming everyone look at these whatever
doggies oh my gosh look at this when
Victoria see part of the massive throne
for me when Victoria Secret we've done
so much shopping and I'm not gonna sit
down I'm gonna I'm gonna help you bit
and we are looking for bikinis and
swimming costumes and swim stuff not
underwear
everybody we're back home with this
little nugget you glad you're home now
yeah you're a fun day your funder of
your friends he tired
haha alright we picked up some food is
really even from wasabi finally laying
down after the longest day not a long
day of work in those not that kind of
tired just tired from literally
physically standing up and a American
emo dinner and relax me watching Oh
Arianna watching the MTV Movie Awards
time for the taste test do I bite it or
do I use a fork though is using a fork
I'm tempted just to go in and just bite
it mmm just come up to bed I forgot to
show you guys what I bought
early on in Apple Store I'm so excited
so one of them is just like normal
iPhone charger and the other one is this
which is basically the little bit that
this plugs into to put into like the
mains and this here is what it looks
like so you push this a little bit and
then the pins come out and you can plug
it into the wall and plug your iPhone
bit into there then you can push it down
and like put that back in your pocket
so now what I'm going to London and
things and I need to take a phone
charger with me
instead of it being like a massive and
spiking me in the bun like that
sometimes I carried that in my pocket I
can just go like this
and put that in my sounds weird that is
so useful
righty-ho everybody yeah you do Malik
one look it fell nothing bad you got to
finish it
yeah and how far are you in chapter 13
chapter 39 out of how many or a squirrel
or I definitely do not want to read
tonight I want to go straight to sleep
like it is so early guys oh my gosh is 9
minutes to 10 no it's not even 10
o'clock and we're both in bed 49 no 9:50
haha it's 951 in evening and we're both
in bed normally we don't go to bed till
like 12 o'clock midnight or even later
than that I don't normally go to bed
let's watch TV I'm going straight to
sleep oh yeah I'm like knackered I think
it's because I was carrying most the
bags today and we wish in syria's we
walked so much what we walked from we
got there at 12 o'clock and we left at
half past six so we walked for six North
hours like straight well no we sat down
for lunch for about 45 minutes so we
walked for about six hours mm-hmm that's
quite a lot of walk in six hours of walk
in anyways have you had fun today
yes I've had a lot of fun today it was
good to have a day out give me five oh
I'm gonna end the vlog I hope you've
enjoyed selfie shopping spree today and
you know we need to do tomorrow what
because I might be going away on Friday
Saturday Sunday this week so we've got
to do it tomorrow give the video a
thumbs up if you want to see us do it to
let me know faint on me should we do
that tomorrow yeah oh my gosh okay give
the video a thumbs up if you want to see
if you get faked and hopefully we got
the right shade to the right color
anyways I will catch you smaller the new
vlog bright and early we can have a
productive day tomorrow I probably can
upload a game every day the same evening
as you're watching this so keep your
eyes peeled I've got three really good
videos ready to go up and if there's any
YouTube is going to play this lives that
you watch and you know about and you
love let me know and in the comment down
below comment down their name and I
might try and film some videos with some
other youtubers roster mother I'm
definitely going to film a video with
Roman and Brit and I might be filming
with prankvsprank as well so funding in
my I get out my eye I catch you tomorrow
good do insane event before we go good
night I know I'm in anything else
oh no okay c1 c2 c3 slippies
say something inspirational say
something motivational blowing out
somewhere else
candor doesn't make you a shine any
brighter there we go is that whose quote
is that you know I saw it online I
really liked it there we go everybody
blow it out somebody else's candle does
make yours bright doesn't make your
shine brighter the room is darker
there's nothing there's not as much
light paint serious laughter get in
yeah yeah it's right I'll catch you
tomorrow guys
go blow everyone's candles large egg and
don't like anyone's candles bees will be
lovely to everybody might be positive
like lots of people's candles any kind
or just when you if you go out
somebody's house and they have any
candles light them just light them all
anyways it's not my fault if you started
and we started house fires ran your
friends or families it's not my fault
for you telling you to light them
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow
good good good food good it would
include a deliveryman hey cat
