catch good morning guys good morning
look where we are we are on the beach it
is such a lovely day today I probably
don't even need to wear my jacket I
probably don't even need to wear my
jacket guys is so sunny so warm they're
so nice Hey Hey
I've got alright sorry it's just having
a picture of a really cute little viewer
from Leeds sir hello if you're watching
yeah take my jacket off it is such a
lovely day today Zoe and I've just spent
this morning with an amazing couple of
bunches of people we met seven people in
total from rays of sunshine charity
which is lovely we had so much fun in
the Sun making cupcakes with Lola's
cupcakes came down from London just to
like make cupcakes for all of us to
teach us how to do it properly and
professionally so now Zoe and I have 24
cupcakes to eat today and then how we're
gonna do it but we will anyways we've
got about a two-hour slob for next
medium so we're off to get some fish and
chips but I don't remember the last time
when was the last time you have fish
chips you are the crapper eh oh fish and
chips or crap what do we do I definitely
don't want fish and crabs that is
toasted stamp I've never ever had scampi
before it's scary yeah looks like
chicken nugget you try one and just
going for the typical yeah fish and
chips
I've gone for everything thank you so
much
thank you oh there we go look how lovely
the weather is everybody fish and chips
on the beach in the Sun are you kidding
me my god what a good lunch break
everybody and get in the Instagram my
very first scampi everybody I'm a little
bit nervous oh that does look like a
chicken nugget Zoey said she's got all
my gosh that's the sickest picture look
at me Zoey
yeah oh my god
that's really good feeding the seagulls
giving them the chips you go mate
oh my god we're definitely gonna get
peed on guys we're gonna get food on
they go mate I'm going to throw some
chips are other people throw them there
someone else had come back I'm scared
I'm gonna get food on great Instagram
opportunity seriously guys we've got bit
too many seagulls going on here there's
literally like 40 seagulls we're
definitely gonna get pooed on and we're
in my office we've come to the office Oh
someone's bringing a dinghy
so now I didn't get to show you guys
yesterday the pieces of art that I
bought we also just got a load of juices
from 40 to juice Richard these are the
big ones aren't they
we've got the big sizes didn't get show
you guys pieces of art so let's show you
now comment down below what you think of
them and be honest because I think
they're really cool is over you ready to
see I thought if they don't look good in
here somewhere
I kind of want them in the in the
backdrop if they don't look good then we
can always put them in the house
somewhere are you ready are you ready
kids
there's two this one blue now oh that's
is like oil that says Luna you're gonna
like this one
klipsch Oh night like the Sun rising and
once the Sun setting that's my like that
there is like the light on the ceiling
look at that soul and that and this one
Munna
if you like it yeah let you out like a
dog sled let you out to the toilet
guys it's half past 7:00 in the evening
we've just finished up all our meetings
and everything today for date for today
I still haven't had a chance to edit the
vlog so I'm sorry that yesterday's video
is late guys
literally been in meetings and I did
want to enjoy the beach earlier this is
what we need to know our house guys
imagine having that in our house you can
literally make pizzas you can literally
make pizzas in like three minutes that's
the guy oh oh my gosh that looks good
and I've got a load of goodies in here
as well
Brighton is so expensive for parking
that's more expensive than our dinner
you're serious are you serious black I
need to get I can edit on a blog so that
can you can understand what I'm saying I
said I need to get back and edit my vlog
so bad it is literally like nearly eight
o'clock wait or even no no I I know
there's the car I know I say a lot guys
but look at this Brighton is incredible
oh my gosh I wish I had my proper camera
here is that the life babe yeah that's a
lifeboat
Wow well it's my little baby where's
Malik doggy my means my little doggy
where's my little doggy you gonna hide
let's see if she can find Zoey Zoey is
going to hide let's see some find Jack
great bye mummy goodbye mummy where's
mummy where's she
Oh wherever you did huh where's mummy
where's mummy where's mummy
where's mommy there's mommy well no
because you and then hid right I need to
edit my vlog I need to anyway vlog so
bad I also need to eat dinner but I'm
gonna eat dinner I think my camera
zoomed in a little bit look I greased my
hair looks today I need to pay up my
dinner and edit my blog the time oh my
gosh 26 minutes past 8 and I haven't
even uploaded or edited my vlog how is
it already midnight
in fact it's past midnight guys it's
technically the next day's the following
day I shouldn't even be vlogging oh
that's such a fun day today I feel like
I haven't really been able to express
and show you guys what I've been up to
in the vlog because so much guy couldn't
vlog for example I spent all of this
morning's rni with a ton of people that
watch these videos that support these
videos that love these videos and we
love you guys they're working with the
rays of sunshine charity and going
through incredibly tough times at the
moment and we got to spend all of this
morning making cupcakes with them and
decorating the cupcakes and eating the
cupcakes and taking photos and signing
like merch of books and stuff and just
hanging out in the Sun is such lovely
weather so we had such a fun morning
this morning with everybody from there
that we met and if you're watching hey
it was lovely to meet you haven't seen
you guys tweets on Twitter and stuff and
retweeting a ton of you and then I had a
couple of hours break on the beach which
was unbelievable I cannot even tell you
how nice the weather was today I tweeted
saying guys I'm really sorry the vlog is
going to be up a little bit like I
didn't expect it to be up as late as it
was I promise you but I said it's gonna
be up a little bit late I thought it's
gonna be like an hour late maximum and
we just relaxed on the beach and have
fun well I ended up making like every
single seagull from Brighton a whole
common
Takas because I was given them my chips
then Zoey and I had a meeting at my
studio with our accountant and that went
SuperDuper well it meeting the slight
accountant stuff just takes so long they
don't happen too often there happen
every couple of months but they just
take hours I'm always like okay
this one's gonna be a quick one we're
just gonna have like a quick hour of
eating it never ever is it we literally
got back we picked up dinner on the way
home and then we got back here and like
I think it was at 8:30 was it something
like that
I edited the vlog whilst eating dinner
and literally said to Zoey I don't know
where I put them now over there I said
sorry I'm really sorry I'm not gonna
watch TV of your chatty whilst we're
eating I'm literally just gonna edit
this blog needs to go up and I wanted it
up by five I thought realistically it
was going to be up by 6 or 7 latest and
it ended up going like 10 p.m. 10 p.m.
so I'm so sorry I just went on Twitter
and I've seen so many people being like
you obviously could be bothered to do
others who didn't want to do any work
today I did I did I did just wanna have
a little break though on the beach news
that's lovely where their lives today
fish and chips on the beach and now I've
been sat here for the last like three
hours editing that here we go can you
see that that is the third gaming video
I'm editing tonight the time is
currently 11 minutes past midnight Nala
is fast asleep she's been so out of it
for the last few hours boss to edit
Zoey's been in bed asleep for like hours
and hours and I've probably got about
another 25 minutes of work on this
gaming video and then I've got three new
gaming videos edited sometimes I have
days that I'm incredibly busy on and
today is one of those days but tomorrow
you know tomorrow definitely not one of
those days Zoey and I have taken the
entire day out of work no work at all no
meetings nothing I'm not gonna tell you
ever going I want to leave that as a
surprise but we're gonna have such a fun
day shopping together and you guys are
going to come along in the vlogs I think
is always going to vlog the day as well
which will be cool that's gonna be a lot
of fun so hope you hope you're excited
for tomorrow's vlog if you are give the
really a big old thumbs up to let me
know it's gonna be good it's gonna be
like old times in
31 we used to be free all of the time
back in the day when we literally being
a youtuber was just making fun videos
and that was it before the meetings and
the books and everything everything like
that before the things that take up a
ton of time that aren't on camera when
we used to purely just make fun videos
all day every day that is the aim that
is the plan for tomorrow and that's what
we're gonna do so I'm gonna end the vlog
now I'm gonna crack on editing this
there gaming video and get this up over
there it's a couple of days for you so
hope you're excited for that
did I say give the video a thumbs up I
think I did if you're excited for
tomorrow give the video a thumbs up it
was lovely meeting a ton of you this
morning don't forget to do more of what
makes you happy if you find something
enjoyable in life and you found that one
thing that passion that thing that
drives you to keep on going to do better
to work harder then keep on doing that
thing whether it's art whether it's
producing music whether it's making
YouTube videos whether it's gardening
whether it's sailing whether it's
whatever it is do that thing that you
love make that your job you can do it I
believe in you I will help you do it all
I possibly can I love you guys so much
I'll catch you tomorrow morning promise
you I will catch you bright and early
tomorrow I promise I promised more as
blogs gonna be awesome I'm probably
gonna wake up how are you you laying in
the Sun Missy oh that's what stinky kiss
