good morning guys good morning how you
doing as you can tell I'm currently in
London just jumped in the taxi now at an
interesting train journey sitting on the
floor the whole time which I don't mind
like if anything that's pretty
comfortable but everyone else was
standing around me so I was like 5 foot
smaller than everyone like it was like I
don't know anyways I'm currently in a
taxi on the way to go film I don't know
too much but it's a project that when I
got the email in my inbox I read and I
was like I'm a hundred percent getting
involved I'm moving whatever I need to
move around my diary to get my back to
London to come and film this project
I'll tell you more or maybe I'll get one
of the team to tell you more when I get
there but it's basically hey I hope I'm
allowed to I don't know when it's going
public so they get me involved and they
get you guys involved the vlog comes
with me that's part of me so there is a
shop in London it could be a pop-up shop
I don't know how long it's there for all
the items in there are items that
refugees need and you walk around in
there with a shopping basket and you
shop completely like normal and then
when you get to the till you pay for the
items they keep the items and give them
to refugees and you walk out
empty-handed how sick is that you're
literally walking around shopping for
exact items that people that refugees
need and then as soon as you've paid for
it normally at the tail like a normal
shop they then send them off to people
who need those items then you walk out
empty-handed but you've just had the
whole normal shopping experience but for
someone else
so genius and that's what I'm doing this
morning just kind of stuck in London
traffic as usual thank you so much ma'am
perfect I'm guessing this is it so I've
just been issuing everything but I
wanted to tell you obviously more about
it I couldn't film me filming it because
of the proper chemical and everything
the shop is on Broadwick Street in
London w1 it is open all of December
until the 24th of December a Dern yet
it's opening to the 24th of December so
if you're around at all you have to come
down but if you can't make it down you
can also go to choose dot love the
website and buy everything in here but
obviously don't be physically in the
shop but you can still buy stuff even if
you can't make it down shop your heart
out leave with nothing
this is the important thing we feel the
love so when you come in at super-busy
these are all different items and stuff
that you can purchase star children's
boots
warm blankets hygiene kits food kids
toys but how cute is this cooking sets
tents like this waterproof tent here 20
quid the taxi that just got here was
more than 20 quid a bloomin house for
somebody sleeping bags meal ingredients
for a family to cook some fresh food all
together that's one thing that I push so
hard in these losses how many family and
friends are and being to spend quality
time together having dinner last night
as usual yeses Rockne Muhammad all
happening together spending five pounds
or enable that to happen just such
simple little things that you just won't
even think about the toothbrushes just
such simple little things like a bloody
fiver like five pounds I would just
spend that on like like a coffee and a
piece of cake that I don't even need
yeah that five I cannot actually help
somebody out often when you're donating
to charity it's hard to see the effect
that you're having on those people of
what you're actually giving money
towards doing if that makes sense but
when you're just making an online
donation it's really hard to see the
effect that you're having on somebody's
life firsthand like the actual effect
that your money has made but going into
that shop touching feeling picking up
light and choosing the ones that really
really resonate with you and what you're
about and the messages that you like to
live by in life or make such a
difference like
you're a port to new toothbrushes
literally three days ago and I've logged
death I didn't need those two brushes my
toothbrush at home is fine but I just
wanted a new toothbrush and then you go
in there and you see like you see the
hygiene kit and those people actually
need like I'd deny it puts everything
into perspective just seeing and picking
up the items and I just spent quite a
lot of money in there I just bought ten
blankets no twenty blankets 20 million
greedy ins and more ten hygiene kits I
bought a ton of stuff they really makes
you aware of the fact of how much those
items are actually going to help
somebody but how mundane those items are
to you like I don't even think I don't
even appreciate my toothbrush or my hand
wash at home on the frying pan nice
sounds so ridiculous right now who share
my frying pan so people are out there
who really really need that stones and
that shot can enable you to do that for
them I've got the hoodie as well anyways
I'm off to another meeting now did you
try to find a taxi
yeah oh yeah y'all this looks
unbelievable in here
healthy salmon pop it seems like the one
good quite a chilled day today I'm
really trying to free up my diary at the
moment so that I can have more time to
edit and work on videos and just about
to go into a meeting with my finance
team to chat about logistics and the
setup of the new company I'm gonna eat
some lunch as well whilst am there and
then where am I going
and then I'm pretty much free for this
that I mean I still need to edit
yesterday's vlog there's going to take a
long time because I'm filming a lot
longer videos at the moment but I'm
pretty free after that I think I'm gonna
try and find somewhere or pick up that
new camera that I wanted to pick up
yesterday green man
go go go good good and then tonight I'm
off to see bright and play football with
Holly which is going to be super excited
fine that's meeting is all finished just
come up for lunch by myself which isn't
something that I'd normally do I've got
some pumpkin risotto ed something the
vlog but of course can't work
efficiently without some sorbet
raspberry and Blackberry let's give this
a try
Wow
super difficult ones really soft and
ones really frozen that was the longest
lunch in the world because I decided to
edit well I plan to edit my vlog this
morning on the train on the way up here
but obviously as you saw I'd sit on the
floor there's so many of you guys around
me it would have been weird to sit there
and edit a video of myself with people
watching anyway as I just edited it now
whilst having lunch but it's time for me
to have that boy turn there's a taxi hey
man can we go to Victoria perfect thank
you I've got some good news if I can get
back to Brighton before five o'clock I
can pop to a camera shop where I went
yesterday and I didn't manage to get the
camera i won and they've got one waiting
for me if I can't get there by five
o'clock which is literally probably the
reality then I'll be able to pick it up
tomorrow morning so still all good
they've got one hold for me it would
just be good to be able to get it today
though platform 17
you know me by now always walk to the
front of the train even if it takes you
like 20 minutes I say we do it I think
this I don't think I need a little top
on it this one's are all good Holly's
getting tempted by the cameras the m6
I've got the m6 at home if you want to
try it thank you
thanks so much Cheers
a holly no off out tonight and Holly's
just shown me this car that she's got at
the moment has massage seats this is not
real life
oh yeah that's what I'm talking about
I've only ever been in one of the called
massage seats one time Google paid for
me to have a driver to take me to a
meeting and the car turned up with
massage see it's not like only with
Google this one's not very hard though
yeah but can you change the pressure
alcohol I think you can I can't no
because if it's like jab at main and I'm
fluffy jabs what I'm driving oh okay
yeah that's true what to fight a match
haven't proved anything in the last hour
or so
we're on our way we've got about 20
minutes off an hour - the game begins
it's a big game tonight got tons of
police out y'all literally tons of
police out tonight probably one
policeman a woman every like five before
here it is insane the amount of police
they here tonight it's a big game night
bright invest Palace ticket for
Christmas rowdy Brighton supporters
saying a nice welcome to other Palace
people getting off the train more police
running in support
bluie now we need to be careful tonight
yeah there's going to be some searches
tonight the pad downs are going to be
tight I've even taken the little tripod
a bit off the bottom of this camera and
this is also still my g7x this isn't the
new camera that I just bought look at I
definitely would not be allowed to know
of a big camera facing up yeah Polly
wanted to eat healthy tonight she's got
a burger this out and of course a puppet
of a BA bro as well oh my god say can
you see all of that smoke someone has
got fireworks in here
is kicking off living now
this is the moment isn't it Derek meanie
boy for life really excited for this he
excited for this everyone leaving at
once this is gonna be good
hello doggies hey hey oh jeez
let me put this down going in no barking
come on that match was good just the
school wasn't good there was such a good
opportunity for that to be a crazy game
like Brighton Crystal Palace the
rowdiest game in history the most
intense game you saw their level of
security you saw the amount of police
there was armed police but the score was
no nil if only like I didn't just scored
one goal down that game would have been
absolutely intense anyways I'm back home
now just taking the dogs out to the
toilet I should probably update you that
Zoe isn't feeling too well she had two
counts all of her meetings today and
take the day off in bed we think she
might have tonsillitis which isn't too
great because we're going on a trip to
start off vlogmas in a couple of days
hopefully whatever it is that she's got
if it is tonsillitis goes pretty quickly
because we're going off in a couple of
days on a positive note as you saw
earlier on today I managed to pick up
the new camera that I've been wanting so
we can give that a go tonight we can
play around with that come on Missy come
on inside
you're gonna sit down nicely imagine if
all humans eat like dogs like it just as
quick as possible
or maybe that's just pugs put these guys
are literally like oh time to go through
the new camera equipment I am so excited
just to try something different out like
this isn't let me just explain I'm not
buying a new camera to use every single
day instead of this camera I'm just
buying a secondary camera to use as well
as this camera for particular shots that
will do better with a bit of a better
quality camera I suppose so I've got
this little tripod gorilla pod here
we've got the body of the camera here
which is a Panasonic gh4 I've got it
secondhand you know which was really
surprised about secondhand I didn't
think they'd have any in stock but I
asked today and they did and it is five
hundred quid cheaper so I've got this
secondhand I got this lens secondhand as
well which is cool this is a seven to 14
mil if you know the gh 5 is basically
double cropped so this is kind of like a
14 to 20 to 28 mil put in the new little
lens on and that's basically the camera
like it's big but it's I mean don't get
wrong it is bit I'm not really filming
every single day on this that's obscene
like it doesn't fit my pocket but once I
put this on it back is big but it's not
it's not too big I feel I feel like this
is okay to just pop in my bag because I
carry a bag with me every single day and
obviously I'm not gonna be in bed at the
end of the day ending my vlog black good
night guys
with a massive blooming camera like this
I'm gonna I'm gonna use in this little
one that I've got here but when I'm
doing particular things within my vlogs
that will look better with a bigger
camera this is gonna be the one this is
gonna help me out
I haven't played around with any of the
settings yet on this camera I literally
just put it up fully on auto this is
also me holding it me walking around me
showing you I think the quality is just
insane like it's so much better but I
hope it would be but gives us a bloomin
big camera what you saying me
you good you don't care about the new
camera do you you just sleepy oh why the
job don't be so with the lens currently
like it is at the moment this is like
the same level of crop tin or zoo
in as this camera provides here but the
difference with this one is that if I
wanted to I can also pull it a little
bit a little bit a little bit a little
bit obviously I would never vlog like
this this looks very strange but if I
put it about there I think that seems
good to me it's just like a little bit
wider not much but it just means that I
can get white for my hair in short and
like bit of my t-shirt shop because
sometimes when I vlog I accidentally
vlog like this and just caught my hair
off I don't know I'm glad I got that
because I can just shoot some X a little
bit so I can try out some different kind
of stuff I can take this to do special
things like the other day when I was
shooting those pistols in the woods
through my dad this camera has really
good slow-mo like like when we have the
van project it would have been cool to
just have a bit of a nicer camera
occasionally but now I've got that let
me know yeah what's the matter
whoa what you guys do in why do that
you're scaring me you make me think that
there's someone out there why are you
making me thing someone's trying to
break in yeah you're barking at nothing
you literally curled up in a little ball
and then little donut come on then let's
get a bit these guys are not very sleepy
in the bed tonight we tried it last
night
Zoe suggested not to do it and I'll say
no it would be really nice just having
the bump in both cuddling us when we
wake up we just have two pugs snoring
moving around encouraging each other to
be naughty what are you doing can you
hear me saying that you're not sleeping
in the bed tonight yeah what you doing
you need to in your bed you're gonna go
in your bed tonight I'm gonna put this
in the spare bedroom so the bus can
sleep in this tonight
do you want to sleep in here no it's
like what are you doing taking my pet so
you jump on to us you're sleeping in
that night this is just a buzzy boy last
thing to add to his bed is his blanket
from home and one of his favorite toys
come on the doggies coming in bus buns
look come on mate
this is so nice
we're gonna pop you in here yeah so cozy
isn't that thank you at your favorite
toy we'll see you in the morning car
look at toy here's Tommy see you're near
one thing that I do every evening but I
haven't actually shown you guys it's
kind of weird
in my hand ice cubes
I'm gonna do my teeth moisturize my face
do it in my van in the vlog here if
you've enjoyed it give it a big ol
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already down below literally go down
below now hit the subscribe button it
takes no time to hit the thumbs up
button washer there let's see how many
thumbs up we can get today I'll catch
you in the morning
