good morning guys good morning it is
Monday morning which means one thing
coffee we need to get copying us to get
us going because as you guys know Monday
morning is the day of the week that is
hard to get going hard to get up it was
definitely hard to get up this morning I
found it so hard to get out of bed and
get away in fact last night I dreamt
that I was friends with Taylor Swift I
dreamed that she was doing a concert
like a gig and for some reason shared
like a hotel room at the top of this
hotel with three floors and she she said
to me I promise you this is honestly
what I dreamt Taylor Swift said to me in
my dream is there any way Alfie I don't
like we were casually friends we were
just chilling in our hotel room how I
can get from the top floor of my your
hotel room to the bottom floor quicker
than walk-in Nasser of course you can
you can slide down the stairs and I laid
down on my front and I slip down all
these stairs and went to the bottom
floor of our hotel room she was like
that's amazing that's how you do it
that's quicker than walking I don't even
know I promise you that's what I dreamt
I talked to Taylor Swift had to walk
down the set or slide down the stairs
faster I don't know we were friends it
was cool we were hanging out and then I
woke up and I realize I'm not friends
with Taylor Swift
and it's Monday morning and yeah but we
are gonna make today productive we're
gonna prove the theory of Monday
mornings been slow and hard work wrong
we're gonna drink the coffee we are
gonna work with rich gonna win we're
gonna eat map on edge I've managed to
get porridge this morning I saw somebody
tweet me the other day saying either
alpha is obsessed with pret porridge or
his sponsored by them and prep
themselves tweeted that person a me back
and I'll try and find the tweets or
something and legit said not sponsored
just obsessed with the porridge and I
was like yes pret you guys know I'm just
obsessed with yoga I don't know what
they do something magical with their
porridge there's delicious today it's
gonna be good let's make it a good one
I'm going to kick it off by editing the
blog and filming some gaming videos
because I've got to be
few weeks ahead I haven't really told
you guys but for the next four weeks I'm
basically going away every week not for
the entire week I'll be back for that
few days each time but I'm going away
now once a week for like three or four
days were every week for the next four
weeks I'm going away somewhere that
isn't booked yet this weekend it's still
not even handle booking it's Monday and
I'm going away on Friday with Trey and
Holly then next week I'm going to
Orlando for playlist live that is so
exciting then the week after I'm going
to New York for a YouTube thing then the
week after that and going to Prague
lemonhead we've got some busy times
which means I need to plan some videos I
have just finished from the three new
gaming videos they are all done or I
haven't edited them but they're filmed
and I've just finished editing the daily
vlog it is 22% exported the task for
today is to kind of start working on
this part of the office so the whole
point of getting this studio space was
for me to him to film videos like edit
videos do my emails of work and have fun
here as well but I wanted to have to
film my videos here which I'm kind of
doing but as we saw my new video on my
pointlessblog channel was filmed at home
because this this is funny the place
where I wanted to set up to be to film
my videos and that is what it currently
looks like so what I'm thinking is we
head to town now together and we go and
buy some stuff to do this the vlogs now
47 percent done 48 percent done so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna wait for that
to explore and be finished then I'm
gonna tick upload and we'll leave the
vlog uploaded whilst we nip into town
and we try and buy like a carpet I don't
really know what else I should probably
plan that we're buying first to go in
here maybe like a carpet on the floor a
couple of pieces of art to put on the
walls a mirror maybe we'll just see what
we can get in town we'll just buy some
stuff to build it into like a nice
anything that I would want behind me in
my videos that's what we're gonna buy
the vlog is uploading 10% done 69
minutes left
right we've got two prints so far guys
these are looking good they got frames
and everything just looking around
carpets rugs tables things that might
look good I don't know I have no idea
what I'm looking for
there's not really much furniture places
are suppose invitin it's not really the
kind of place that you buy furnitures
more the kind of place that you buy like
your lunch or some clothes hey how you
doing good no guys I've just got back to
find out that my internet ran out
basically I haven't I still haven't got
internet here in my office and my
internet on my phone ran out I used it
all up whilst I was out so I just had to
buy some more just born out the 10
gigabytes to upload but my videos only
uploaded 44% the entire time I was out
no are you serious it's 26 minutes past
4:00
I had a semi-successful time in other
words I got two prints which I'll show
you in a second absolutely love them I
also got a cupcake an Oreo cupcake on
the way back but I didn't manage to find
any drugs or any furniture at all I
think because I'm young people just
don't like to help out in shops well
when I was in those furniture shops
there was so many members of staff that
were helping out the older people who
were in the shop and I literally walk in
nobody even bother saying hello nobody
bothered saying like page one any help
I'm looking through the carpets through
the rugs because I I'd love to get a
carpet in there I was looking at like
Chester drawers and things
let me just read out a sec and nobody
bothers to ask like oh do you need any
help
oh yeah if you like that carpet have you
seen these ones here I think it's
because I'm young they just don't expect
me to actually be buying like furniture
and stuff like that or pieces of art
however the one art shop that I did get
two pieces from the woman is so lovely
in their school unlimited
it is invited Zoey and I have tons of
pieces of art from there if you ever
need to get cool little homely bits in
Brighton go to unlimited it's in the
lens it is amazing give me a couple of
minutes though because I need to start
this Internet it's still not working
Oh 52% and 64 minutes the only possible
way I can get this vlog up is if I go
and steal some Wi-Fi let's go to the
Apple store I'll have to show you the
art tomorrow okay it's nice really
really nice you know the woman that
stopped a second ago when I was going to
my office and she was out B I think I
turned the camera I've logged her for a
little bit I just stopped and chatted to
her as well for literally her and her
daughter about 25 minutes just chatting
about YouTube and their view and what we
do and how they love that overall
promote a very positive message and how
my videos have helped her daughter out
of anxiety and stuff and
it was caught was really really nice
just getting to stop and have a proper
chat literally for like 25 minutes and
even their internet in here calm and
focused he said 36 minutes the Apple
Store come on
this video just doesn't wanna dark
tonight
I've just realized I've exported the
video in the wrong settings so I'm now
we're exporting the video then I'm gonna
have to rate uploader man the video is
meant to be up in two minutes
after 10 million trillion trillion hours
of trying different ways to get the damn
video up
it is finally live and it is before 6
p.m. cest only like 45 minutes late
which isn't too bad considering how much
of a mess the situation was basically I
exported it in the wrong setting so the
file was 5 gigabytes big rather than
normally like one gigabyte big so that's
what took so long and it used up all my
phone internet then I went to the Apple
store and it was still taking ages and
the guy was like why is it taking so
long what what file sizes and I was like
I don't know about gigabyte oh maybe not
maybe it's 5 gigabytes that's why it's
taking a long time besides every save
the video re-exported then stop loading
it again in the Apple store then I saw
two boys standing next to me one of them
just put an iPod shuffle in his pocket
that's like no way is this going on
never seen someone steal I've never
stolen from a shop before I've never
seen anything like that these two boys
stealing iPod shuffles into their pocket
and I was literally like what do I do
what I do I'm the guy that always wants
situations like this because then I can
stop them what do I do
so I turned to him and I was like
staring that Maas it's like this and he
was like being proper sketchy like
shaking he was so nervous looked at me
and I was like and he went putting his
blog as if to be like hey man can I have
a picture kind of thing and I was just
like if I was you I'd put that back now
and use that what is that your pointers
blog right and I was like put that back
now is that what you mean I was like
you're stealing he said no I'm not I was
like okay if you really say you're not
still in then you can believe you're not
stealing but I saw you take that and his
friend was like laughing kind of thing
but they were both pretty damn scared
they're probably like 16 years old they
were old enough to know not to be doing
that kind of thing and he put his hand
back inside his jacket pocket his jumper
pocket and I was like okay he's gonna
put it back I've just saved the Apple
store
and iPod shuffle but it's hand in that
anyway I'm not stealing put his hat
bought his hand out empty and walked out
the shop walked out the shop but they're
Mori guys the people in the Apple store
they got informed of the situation and
stuff and I think that the security went
and got it back and don't be stealing if
you're watching this
don't steal it's not good I don't want
any of my followers he watched my videos
he seemed happy to see me yeah he's
stealing I don't teach those kind of
things
no don't be stealing if you're watching
my videos and you're racist you stay oh
you're homophobic any of that no don't
not good not good anyways I'm back home
the vlog is up how are you you laying in
the Sun Missy oh that's what stinking
kiss are you doing why are you biting
your bed are you excited to see me are
you I didn't get to show you the pieces
of art as well guys I'll show you them
tomorrow I've got a couple of meetings
ones at my office so I am going back
mobster boy so I am going back to the
office might we've got one of these
arrive at the house which is a paul post
another doggy box
niala knows what it is she's like
waiting for me to open it and then in
the Apple Store whilst us waiting for
the video drop notice it took half an
hour
I was just stand-in there like my laptop
under my arm just like this for half an
hour
I saw something that I've wanted for a
while but I've been putting off buying
it because they're expensive but I do
need it so I just thought okay I'm just
going to buy one so I bought a two
terabyte external hard drive but a
thunderbolt one Thunderbolt so it
transfers super super fast compared to a
normal USB which is awesome and it's
like super rugged so you can drop it
from 2 meters high which is taller than
me you can drop it and it won't break
and stuff and I need that because you
guys know I'm like a throw my stuff
around everywhere anyways I'm all good
I'm all happy the blog is up is a lovely
evening
Zoe is working away in a little little
office space I really want to show you
these pieces of art I don't have to show
you a pictures of them online or work to
just wait for tomorrow they're framed
and everything
very nice I think I'll wait what I'm
going to do now is I'm going to back up
my laptop on here because this laptop
mind has never ever been backed up so if
that broke I lose everything
we're going through the new poor post
which is I think an old doggie
subscription thing that we're subscribe
to is it illegal elephant can I see can
I pull it no can i play with him there
we go you had 8-bit good girl you ready
Dunham's are you serious no she can
smell something up here what is this
what is it it is a natural venison treat
is their natural venison treat look at
that just eat that it's got plastic on
it
I'm trying I'm trying my stinky yep you
think my dog's been holding them in
Venice and doggy dog knowledge oh my
gosh let me have one and what you
waiting for something else
God it's not that you should try it well
that's most delicious Nala there you go
baby
oh sorry
she has gobbled that up I'm gon give it
a try no way is that's not good is it
good
playing biscuit you know you missed
extract apples Lexi help goji berry and
green tea extract and flower literally
sounds like something from source box
I've just ordered an an dose and now I'm
just going to go Drive and go and pick
it up yeah got my wallet all good was
always staying here reading whilst I go
and pick it up so let's go to Nando's
ready kids
let's go get an A in those need to lock
the car
we've got the goods everybody we got
fernando's you sit tight up there I put
the seat belt on you just so you don't
be hurting yourself there we go ahead
and plug you in all right you stay safe
who's ready for an endows not you you're
not ready for nine days you ready for
Nando's oh my gosh look how delicious
this looks I've gone for a bean burger
everybody vegetarian option I'm gonna
try out today Zoe's gone for a chicken
burger I am loving my life right now
this little one thinks she's gonna get
some of it but you're not dumping it
thank you so much for watching today if
you've enjoyed it I'm knackered by the
way that's why I might speaking like
this if you've enjoyed it give the video
Oh pulled phone hair he enjoyed it give
the video big on thumbs up to let me
know your challenge is
26200 thumbs up that's how many you got
to get give the video a thumbs up
subscribe as well down below let's see
how many new subscribers we can get and
I'll catch you tomorrow
