good morning guys good morning everybody
it is not actually the morning it is not
I'm afraid I'm afraid it is not it
doesn't matter afternoon although we've
had a good morning I got up this morning
and made 700 pointer a coffee book
showing off my coffin today now it's
like frozen cold and all horrible
I made Zoe night bacon sandwiches for
breakfast what's the time let's have a
look half past 3:00 half past 3:00 in
the afternoon McCarty watching Harry
Potter and about to eat some lunch that
we've just ordered in we've had a good
productive morning now none of what you
eating
drop that good girl eating tinfoil for
my lunch yeah we've had a good morning
very very productive I have edited my
daily blog and upload that one schedule
that internet was still playing up like
yesterday it took like two and a half
hours to upload it's done now at least
it's about to go live in a couple of
hours look how good this looks
doesn't that just look insane got a
halloumi burger scoop Ted fries corn and
extra falou me and Zoe's got her looming
burger and chips and everything that
she's smashing over there also got some
homemade natural lemonade so I'm just
about to eat all of this and then I'm
going to jump in the shower film a new
main channel videos got tonight that is
going to be rushed really really much
hopefully I'm going to be able to get
off if I internet still paying up that's
going to be so annoying
we're watching the gymnastics men's
floor yo mugs and I both compete in
gymnastics competitively buy one sauce
it's gold men's flan bought once he won
it twice we didn't compete against each
other ever just by chance but how fun is
that
have you seen you every senior working
mothers your white numbers ah Joon hyung
I didn't we get your face I didn't even
I didn't even get it in shop well good I
didn't even get it in the camera
oh don't eat it
I didn't go to old guys without having
to wash though his hair I missed her
face didn't get it in shot in the camera
and now we're washing Zoe's hair I'm
currently setting up to film my new
video the time today has just flown by
my daily vlog is gone live which never
ever ever goes life before my main
channel normally they both go live at 5
o'clock but you guys know I've been
having a mare with the video this week
I've been planning it this morning it is
already by now hopefully you would have
seen if the hopefully the blimmin vide
has gone up by the time this vlog is
going up and you would have seen what
I'm doing I've got all the videos for my
video saved on my laptop ready to go
I've just set up with the lighting and
everything I'm going to change some of
the background quickly I'm going to take
the card out this white tape maturing
them out and film the video I just
realized that I've literally vlog like
nothing today I don't even know if you
have even going to be watching this I
could just be talking to nobody right
now because I don't know what I'm going
to upload because so far this isn't
really a blog this is what the new video
looks like from my side of things
I've just finished editing it and it's
all of this the new video is finally
live 10,000 people have watched it so
far that is absolutely insane oh my god
it is like 9 o'clock I need to like go
and get some fresh air or something
because I am literally going to die from
looking at a screen for so damn long
today what is what light is run in here
there's all the ring light I've been
trying to figure out what light was on
there we go
I need to get my bat outside I want to
get some fresh air even though it's
currently pitch-black outside I think
there Zoey's videos just gonna live as
well oh my gosh how you doing my videos
just gonna live - can we don't
technology or I'm like so hot so kids
down but and I can't film this secret
stuff in this room
he's always still got to there's always
still got to dry her hair for my whipped
cream failed to the side of her head
she's sitting there with one of those
like hair wrapped towel kind of things
you could also look was only look what
my journey there Zoe boy I didn't even
know she was buying this I'm genuinely
really tempted to do it myself because
I've never let me just tangled is fast
so Zoe is ordered the full set a box set
of all of the Harry Potter books it
looks so cool you know I've only ever
read two of them I read up - I'm ready
to Olivia for five is the Beast yeah
sorry
why five is so big because I just didn't
I don't remember fire ribbon do not
remember what came out the bigger it's
not no because you don't remember
something big happens at the end of five
and everybody in school I remember when
five came out I was in like year on
wanna say somebody died is isn't it at
the end a man died here I can't remember
me I get all muddled up with the films I
don't I can never remember which one is
which but I remember that remember that
book coming out because there's one
person in school who read that book in
like 24 hours or something
and then yeah it's like five how many
pages I wanna get 800 I remember
somebody read it in like 24 hours or in
two days
they came back in school and just told
everybody what happened and everyone was
so annoyed anyways let me show you
really quickly look at it look how cool
that is this could be wrong but after
book 3 or book - JK Rowling didn't want
an editor anymore which is why they're
so big she should have any help oh she's
dinner so herself after book - I think
don't quote me on that
that's just what someone told me I think
but that makes sense because they don't
bigger bigger there's no one going cute
or no it does shock me that this one is
one film one for one for one for one
film that is one let's film one film and
this one split into two films yet it's
not the biggest book I think more
happens in seven I don't need to read
them because everybody knows that a book
has far more detail in it than a film
that is factual yeah you've got so many
more books to be read in first
I might start reading them although I'm
also really tempted to start reading the
Lemony Snicket books when I was younger
I used to be obsessed with the Lemony
Snicket books so I ordered them my mom
still might have them you know actually
she's probably charity them I don't
really expect it to be 18,000 people
have seen my new video 18,000 already
all right we're taking all out for what
guys our outfits are a little bit weird
I'm wearing a long sleeved t-shirt with
a crown and shorts on I can't move off
to change the look at your outfit you've
got a massive go on pajama bottoms and
blooming hiking boots now I know what
have you got harness on
it's a Burberry Lee look too bad
Burberry just look badly it's done baba
you enjoying your walk Missy
and we're home
it wasn't even cold guys I don't forget
the shorts at Oh mother given those time
should take your harness off you do it
your poo yeah drink your boo back I
never got around to ending this vlog so
it's currently the next day I'm
currently in my office studio pointless
pad whatever you guys want to call that
but I wanted to talk to you guys anyway
about something that's been on my mind
for the last maybe two or three months
now that I probably should have talked
about a little bit sooner with you not
negative super super positive but just
something that I probably should have
just spoken to you guys about and I know
that a lot of you have been noticing it
and tweeting me about it and all my
comments are full of it a lot of the
time and basically just have a chat with
you about my main youtube channel which
is pointless blog not this one the one
where I upload one video every Sunday so
I've been daily vlogging now I don't
actually know how long I should have
like tracked how long in the description
video description boxes all my videos
but I've been making videos on this
YouTube channel daily like every day for
probably about a year and a half maybe
two years now which is a bit of a long
time thinking about it that is crazy
I've had so much fun making these videos
like I enjoy making these videos far
more than what I ever thought I would it
makes me do more during my day
it makes me upload more content for you
guys it makes me have more fun during my
day and I just love it I love the
communication that I have on the regular
I've been able to read all in four sorry
I'm scared comfy I'm like laying down B
now to read all of your comments so
often enough to chat to you guys
properly like this now just have proper
discussions now I'm going to just like
tweet and then sit there not blown one
video every single week because I don't
get me wrong I like uploading one
a week light sitting down and talked in
but I prefer when it's just more chilled
like this but the videos on my main
channel are quite I don't know like
upbeat hey guys today I'm doing this
better than that like very very excited
which I love doing don't get me wrong I
love making videos like that but there
is something that's just awesome about
being able to just pick up the camera
and just chat to you guys super chilled
if I'm sad talk about being sad if I'm
happy to talk about being happy
if I'm out doing something showing you
guys what I'm out doing I love
documenting my life so much on this
little camera on this little channel
that we have together so I thought it
was about time that I speak to you and
sit down and chat about why I haven't
been uploading so much on my main
YouTube channel over the last couple of
months so in our account in last night
how many videos we've uploaded since
Christmas or this year and she is
uploaded on our main YouTube channel 15
I've uploaded nine that's not great is
about loaded six videos less than Zoey
I'm not saying as always like the goal
I'm just saying that like she's probably
done like one a week roughly and I have
done like less than one a week since I'm
putting so much of myself out there in
these videos and I enjoy making these
videos more than any other videos mind
this is my favorite this is why this one
when I said a minute ago my main youtube
channel because I'm like this is my main
YouTube channel on my main youtube
channel pointless blog on that channel I
upload one video roughly a week maybe
every two weeks and I only call it my
main youtube channel because that one
has more subscribers than this channel
but this channel gets over double the
views nearly two and a half times the
views of my pointlessblog channel this
channel gets seven videos a week my
other channel gets one video a week not
even one at the moment so that's why I
don't really like to call the other
channel my main YouTube channel because
this channel is my main YouTube channel
that channel is well this channel is my
daily channel that challenge mode are
anyways I just wanted to talk about the
future going forward of my pointlessblog
youtube channel not this one my other
one where I sit down and do things sat
down with
come on a tripod I think I want to
change the direction of the channel a
little bit not like a lot I'm not like
changing it everything drastically I
just want to make more videos where I'm
having complete fun in it like purely
fun that is why I do YouTube because I
enjoy it I don't do it because it's my
job it happens to be my job but it was
never Sara like that I when I started
you but didn't even know you could earn
one pound for $1 or whatever currency
where you're from I didn't know you can
earn wasn't a thing when I started to
making videos and I've always loved
doing the videos on my main channel like
Q&A s and like would you rather than
messing about but I do so much talking
and you guys know so much about me like
my favorite things what I'm up to what
I've been up to what I'm currently doing
I answer your questions in vlogs so it's
kind of like I find it hard to do videos
on my main YouTube channel by myself
because I'm giving so much of myself
creating content by myself so much on
this YouTube channel I don't know if
that makes sense it's hard to like make
sense of what I'm saying in my head it
makes sense I'm basically given so much
of myself I on this channel that I find
it hard to do so on my main youtube
channel now given all of what I've got
away there's nothing more of me just by
myself to give so I wanted to I focus my
main youtube channel on silly fun videos
with friends I want to try and aim for
most of my videos like the majority
there maybe like two or three a month of
my videos to be with a friend because
they're the videos that when I'm sitting
down and talking to a camera on a tripod
I enjoy the most like you know when me
and Marcus was sat here I'm sure you've
seen the videos call out to half million
views or something and we went to a shop
around the corner we bought some like
plastic tubes soared them in half and we
just polite disgusting food and it were
blowing into each other's mouths having
that competition it's call at the
disgusting tube challenge that video was
so much fun to make and you guys loved
it and that's because we just came out
of a stupid idea and we did it and we
loved it and this week going up on my
main youtube channel you guys already
know what it is so I'm going to tell you
this we going up
is the yoga challenge with Zoey now I
did the yoga challenge I think I was
like the first one to do the yoga
challenge me and Joey did it and they go
like seven point six million views so
far
so as oh we you've done it with Casper
and it's got like seven point seven
million views I've done every joy and
let's try and do it together so we've
made the video stupidly fine like as you
saw I bought like ridiculous outfits for
the video and stuff and we just had a
laugh just filming it we literally had
so much fun to film in it and that's
going up this Sunday in like a few days
time listen I'm not asking for you guys
to comment down below video ideas that's
not what I want at all and I'm not
saying that I'm having like a YouTube
crisis I know a lot of people make
videos and have done in the past where
they're saying I just don't know what to
do on YouTube anymore I do know what I
want to do on YouTube
I'm not having like a YouTube crisis at
all what I want to do on YouTube is make
daily vlogs make gaming videos and on my
other channel just make videos with
friends that are just stupid and fun
that's what I want to do and that's what
I've kind of realized over the last
couple of months of trying my absolute
hardest to film and force videos out by
myself and I'm just I'm not loving it
like the video that went up last night
don't get me wrong I enjoy they're
reacting to youtubers first videos but
it was rushed and I didn't have as much
fun filming it as I did like the ogre
challenge or the disgusting tube
challenge or like playing giant Jenga
with che on his channel and I think I
just have fun filming even daily vlogs
by myself at the moment things might
change it could be in a couple of months
that I go back to one in film all my
main channel by myself main channel I
just said it again by myself but at the
moment I think I want to just like relax
on my main channel if I miss a week I
miss a week it's not the end of the
world there's other youtubers to watch
there's so many people putting out great
content I will try my best not to miss a
week and I really will but but I just
want to focus on these daily vlog videos
because I enjoy filming my day so much
more than just thinking crap it's Sunday
I've got to force that video everyone's
going to be so annoyed with me if I
don't make a video so I'm
to a last-minute Q&A just for the sake
of it and then it ruins the daily vlog
like this bug do you watch it now I know
it's long now because I'm chatting but
the bit before I started talking here
wasn't that long a blog and that is
because I spent the whole day stressing
and worrying and filming and edited in
this main channel video when I could
have just put all my time into making
this daily vlog amazing for you and and
pre-filmed my main channel video with
another youtuber another time so I just
want to be creating more fun creative
never done before silly stupid fun
videos on my main youtube channel with
other youtubers maybe by myself as well
but I think the majority of them will be
with other youtubers or with my sister
or with my mom or with my school friends
or whatever I think that's the direction
for the next couple of months that I
want to be taking that channel and I've
just been speaking to like Roman Mia
moment at words and like Britta meeting
up in Orlando in two weeks time and
we're going to film a fun challenge
video for my main YouTube channel I've
got the yoga video going up with Zoe
this weekend and I'm gonna I'm going to
spend some time planning and trying to
get head on videos that I don't miss
weeks but that's the aim I just wanted
to let you guys know that I'm not giving
up on my other YouTube channel I still
love my other YouTube channel so much
that's where I started from that's where
I'm going to carry on uploading but I do
love making these daily vlogs more than
anything at the moment I'm having so
much fun making these videos and I just
want to change the other videos up a
little bit to be mainly with other
youtubers messing about having fun
YouTube is all about having fun
when I started and it still is till
today all about having fun and that's
always the tip that will never be blast
me Alfie have you got any tips on how to
start a YouTube channel and say have as
much bloody fun as you can on camera
edit it and upload it and I think that's
what I'm going to start doing our main
YouTube channel I'm going to finally end
this vlog because it's not even the
right day that I'm vlogging on this was
meant to be filmed yesterday I hope you
enjoyed the video as I said I'm sorry
that it wasn't such a fulfilling long
packed daily vlog I spent most of the
day worrying and stressing over my main
of video but it got done which is the
good then and going forward my main
channel videos I'm going to set them up
I'm going to meet them all so if you
enjoy the video you're excited for the
future of this channel and my other two
channels give the video big ol thumbs up
to let me know I love you guys so much
for all the continual support continual
continued continued support that you
give me every single day it means more
than you could ever imagine
thank you so much I will catch you
tomorrow kind of tomorrow is actually
today for me good nap time I care
uh-huh it's like someone's dropped a
teaspoon of sugar into water
well you're drinking at
