good morning guys
good morning we are up we are off out on
the hunt to go grab some breakfast what
to say joy like what whoa echoing
everyone here is going to think I'm a
weirdo we just got some lunch check out
all of this stuff there's so much going
on grill techniques also they'd 2
million subs last night congratulations
girls
don't on your stuff mine so crazy
where's your stuff right
oh here's your stuff is now the dream
blender the dream the dream blender or
you've just got that to chase I keep UPS
in the mode we at the moment and not
telling you guys who I mean like I was
just editing the day vlog that's gone up
tonight for me yesterday for you I know
we've just got to town
yeah I'm by myself so if I say we and
I'm by myself I mean me and you watching
the video anyways we're at Jay's now and
we've just picked up all the food we
went for why'd I say we not we I went
for rent for some tofu did we yeah so we
did go for that food ah okay we went for
this tofu curry also got a couple of
little bits of sushi as well and I had
to I saw this and I couldn't not go for
Krispy Kreme giving you funny Oh J are
they I think what challenge you'd in the
film today according to my Twitter
because I did describe the room I
tweeted this I'm going to film the Willy
challenge by myself today good challenge
working out you do that so the plan
today was to be filming a main Channel
video of che it's not going so great so
far guys
medicine the daily vlog oh I meant be
filming a video for my main channel but
we just got caught I can't perfect an
idea enough like yeah you're a good
youtuber bro no I mean that in a genuine
way you don't need this you don't need
to worry
enough you can take in the mill I know
I'd film a daily vlog every day being
serious than you already do gaming
videos you don't need to worry about one
week I'd already gotten a CS pad right
I'm already filming it's really filmed
it exactly I film next week's video but
I just haven't film one for tomorrow
which is the day you're watching this
I'm wait I go yeah tomorrow I reckon we
do a video called Alfie reacts to change
new haircut hahaha challenge the outfit
reaction reacted to change new haircut
challenge yeah we spent most of this
morning trying to film videos for my
main channel and it just it hasn't
worked out
it hasn't matter everybody I'm going to
try and film something tomorrow maybe
it's got the same day but what we have
just done is from new video feed cheese
channel Joe's gaming channel so at least
we have got a good video out of me
staying over here in London so I'm now
going to order an uber to take me to the
train station to take me back home but
um yeah kind of productive just not not
for any of my channels see you soon it's
been nice hanging I'll see you next week
yeah hey how you doing
just got off of the train
basically the train to Brighton was
going to take over two hours it's going
to take over two hours I don't really
normally it takes one hour this one was
going to two hours I don't want to be
dead a two-hour train so I got the train
so the only other option was to get a
train to three bridges then get an hour
and 15 minute bus which still would take
so long it says I can out 45 minutes so
I've just got a gap with airport now
which is about 25 minutes from my house
and I'm just going to jump in the taxi
hopefully this will be quick
I fade it home finally nada how excited
you to see me he's so excited are you so
excited are you so excited are you guys
excited to see me
are you excited to see me are you
excited to see me
yeah let's trim their nails today hey
shoot em your nails as well the hair
grows so quickly but they chew each
other's hair off you know these three of
that best friends hey hey hey lately I'm
going to show you what happens
immediately my vlog is also uploading I
was trying to upload it whilst in that
car 218 minutes two hundred seventeen
minutes two hundred sixteen it's going
down 11% a minute goes on 8% hey women
AK are they ready for their lunch right
watch not less she can't handle I'm
giving them no
Navarrete Oh going for it no wow you got
your favorite meal boys we go look at
that little burger ha ha ha a little
wooden burger for them to chew I always
say this is so annoying is does anybody
know can you comment down below how we
can stop all of that the sawdust let you
see my finger through the other side
over there it comes out under here see
the gap and all over the floor I
literally have to Hoover this we bought
a hand do that over there just over this
sawdust up like six times a day
hello hello likkle boys hey Anna strip
you Oh No why are you scared
okay you carry on eating what were you
gonna say
anybody houses anything and I just
really AM for social because I've had
guinea pigs before and they were really
social guinea pigs I chose to get them
at the cage they used to run around the
house any time I get these guys out to
run around house they just sit in same
spot they just realizing it's gonna
spoil them with the house they just
don't why would they move so now they
either don't let you near them like you
just saw now when I try and play with
them or we grab them we take them out
and then they just like this it's based
it on you like over and then freeze
because my other guinea pigs will never
like that
whoa upside down more greedy in my other
guinea pigs ice
yeah we have the greediest animals in
the world Nala
just each oh my gosh we're not it's
whatever she possibly can
everything there and the guinea pig just
eat as much as we give them like they
are caught as soon as you open the
fridge they know the noise of the fridge
they just know you eat something at corn
or you just lick it out
know that nella my doggy my doggy yeah
okay
Gino was blooming crazy I'm 22 and I've
got a dog but how ridiculous is that
I never thought at the age of 22 or 21
when I got Nala the old 17% uploaded
that I would have a dog like a dog it
sounds so simple and ridiculous but a
dog is like such a big commitment sorry
we have a dog what the hell Nala you're
my doggie yes you are
yeah we can last time we open this in a
video it got like 2 million views of us
opening there when we did selfie opens
healthy snacks just tries healthy snacks
clothes on them so part two Xavi tries
healthy snacks part 2 who's ready so
this is April are you ready I feel like
I want to put this camera down again and
we can do like a little opening segment
I don't have a tripod um I don't think
that's going to do wait I'll just hold
them ok we'll do part two very very
quickly I love this I just have like the
stickers necessity yeah
these last time the video is like half
an hour long anyway that's such a
superfood powder a little powder I just
go by the way this is sourced box which
is Marcus and Naomi's and one of their
friends company yeah yeah hey this is
like the logo and everything if you're
interested Josh the box keeps our snacks
organic flakes with strawberry
blackberry and be true right let's go
let's go quickly
no I thought it was gonna look like what
it's my heart it's like a flake of skin
kiss oh don't say that
okok Oh
another really tastes amazing
I like the taste of it oh I'm not sure I
really do I just don't like biting out I
like that do you know what I think
I really hate um Oh dropped on the floor
I really hate beetroot so I can't look
like one two three tree I can taste it I
got this you know when people make
brownies a beetroot
or like cake would be true yeah I can
always taste it all right let's go next
item not Families my I like a nice but
I'm oh sweet potato crisps wait are
these this this is that the same brand
as the coconut ones from last time
no oh I don't think so oh wow you go
fast no there you go man you joining in
as well oh I'll go all stuck in my teeth
you know about stuff only hygiene oh
that really that is sweet potato crisps
hmm hmm I'm not like the biggest fan
sweet potato am i oh you're like that
what's happening instant miso soup but
on the go
yes mr. soup is like literally one of my
favorites amazing oh no what a beat true
as I just said that yeah let's give that
to papi or something gluten-free the
beat $3 hey mister
what is that brownie look at you you
loving the Sun yeah I'm not gonna like
that I'm not the biggest fan of feature
it will give that okay we'll give that
one a Miss I'm gonna poke subscribe to
source box oh yes let's try this this is
maple pure maple water interesting
drinking water follows no Sinise while
you're doing that hmm I can't open it
with one hand and try but coconut pack
this is not what I thought it would look
like what that is like a red onion bhaji
I'm trying to open this Ross login are
you ready oh my god this is what you're
gonna find this so weird to taste sorry
can you please try this this is my
favorite so far do you like it I really
like the taste of it the texture you're
not going to like Texas I can't drink
coconut water for the same reason okay
just taste it though okay you taste that
is it is at the mill Wow that's played
the Sun but wait for the taste this is
good it's like it's wicked isn't it
I like don't like it no I love it don't
like it no I love it because the
benefits of maple water there is this is
amazing whatever these are oh my gosh
sugar in coconut water bunch of air
dried more coconut it'd be refreshing
antioxidant prebiotics and minerals more
manganese I could eat like more more
manganese than a cup of kale
what's manganese sure I can uh hmm it's
like someone's dropped a teaspoon of
sugar into water
well you're drinking it actually don't
mind the I do like it I like it we have
a coconut water these are for sure my
favorite right um raspberry coconut
packs okay by the way the reason why
Zoe's doing always in because I'm lazy
it cuz I've only got one hand cuz I'm
vlogging our tractor and our Lebanese
which are good you dessert bar
ingredients 2 dates forums one hold
apple half a block of Swiss milk 1
tablespoon of Cameron until all that is
Peterson we're done or cider vinegar
know whether if your subscribe
sourcebook thing you don't know what's
in the source box themselves mum's name
is okay oh yeah yeah oh this is too dark
for me yeah let me know whether you want
this to be like a monthly installment in
our in my blogs it's too dark for next
I'm not fan of dark chocolate I like
that that means you know Madagascan
vanilla it's almost so dark it is minty
to me really yeah does that bar I'm
speaking you that's it's Christmassy oh
my god you know why doesn't it taste
Christmas Eve it's a mince pie guys this
is a mince pie I'm just gonna say one
more time mince pie was in it I've
already made all out there it's the
dates and cinnamon oh that is oh it's
apple pie flavor but not an act apply
that as a mince pie that's good and
that's good for you as well
gluten-free now I suppose I'm saying why
don't we just drop one of those some of
that instead of chocolate bars I am
really chocolate bars Emma we don't
actually really children was doing no I
have we've got like does anyone else's
leg burning my leg is like on fire sit
in the Sun knowledge your leg Bernie no
I'm currently open in a chocolate bar
one handed chocolate with og Aries this
is go G - there's a lot of that go G in
this one oh that looks talked about it
there look at that
goji berry is it dark though is it read
up no I really like that I think the
reason why doesn't taste so dark is
because of the berries do you know what
that tastes like to me chocolate right
now the bloomin ahead chocolate-covered
raisins
yeah what it tastes like no I just
wondered of that
well last one go I've made a bet in my
head by creating a super speed she gets
real secrecy I made a bet in my head and
I'm correct
you're gonna make me drive passbooks
look at the other side of it
I'm sure tastes delicious no you did it
there's something in that I don't like
but I didn't want it well like that
do you I didn't like it do you know that
tastes like look at you staring up there
I'll tell you where it tastes like so a
sort of sweet yeah let me tell you it
well you know those ones right hold this
a sec because I have to explain it my
hands when it's rolled up and you can
unfold it on the paper exactly like yeah
I love them no I love them fruit winder
yes taste up slow you maybe jump mmm
yeah it tastes like a fruit winder I
know that none of that's you okay pick a
face
maybe these yeah they're my favorite
just so you know as well guys every time
we pick a favorite from these boxes I
actually order the stuff in so in from
the last box last month or my world
Bower Bower the bow the bow I'd fast
yeah fine Apple and something the
reticle like is kind of like a dinner it
was from I dunno I remember that I
ordered
I ordered a massive box of those with
some of the powders so every time we
find something we really like we order
them um their time before that we
ordered tons and you guys have seen me
drinking them in their videos oh there's
no thing we actually order few happy but
I'll order some of these mmm that's so
good these are my favorite mm-hmm
delicious go check them out if you want
to I feel like today Zoe could be the
perfect day can you hold this I have my
arm hat me get you straight you've got
this Rogen coming up I feel like today
could be the perfect day for what my
drone
it's very windy right yeah that's
actually very true maybe it's not the
perfect day thumbs up it's just the sky
looked awesome like the clouds are
moving so fast my gosh
again well hope you enjoyed that segment
of the video let me know if you want it
to be like a regular thing once a month
and my leg is literally about set on
fire because it's so fun the Sun so I'm
going to move Oh actually really like
that dessert bar to taste is like mix
pies this has been my favourite box so
far I've enjoyed the most out of this
one for sure think about it's got those
really nice those ones that there that's
our favorite had the drink there's
actually good miso soup which is my
favorite it had the bar not allowed
added healthy free winder and their
chocolate with berries the only things
my thing that was last month the only
thing I wasn't so keen on mister dark
chocolate and they and these yeah that's
honor and then the rhubarb on there's
only three things that wouldn't be true
there's only three things that I
wouldn't order the rest I would order
again awesome congratulations on the on
they're lovely box mark and NIM Bob and
hopefully my vlogs about 11 20 minutes
and it's got 71 minutes left uploading
so my god what Internet you are right
Internet my new vlog is up Zoe's new
main Channel video how much favorites is
up I'm wearing Alf to go and hang out
for being Shaun but the little one in
the back this clue that she has got a C
bow and she just loves to lean forward
done yet maybe in order you should be
sleeping in your seat you should be
laying down I am eating their whole
supply of Easter eggs that haven't been
eating yeah
we've ordered very good yes they
basically broke all of their Easter eggs
up into a box and kept in pretty well
for your vlog yesterday I know
so megami is some ecommerce site is that
marking your vlog he's like creeping in
the background but so we're watching
Britain's Got Talent we've just ordered
some food as well which should be coming
soon I'm so excited it is the 10th
Britain's Got Talent
brand new series oh wow how is she
drained her do no no no your turn back
flip back let me see no way oh my god no
it is it a handstand are you serious
another solid to a handstand we're
watching some crazy sword swallowing
ohh oh my gosh I don't even know if I
can show this to my youtube video yeah
he's gonna see
oh my oh look at the guy guys if you
haven't embraced photography last night
go check it out bye-bye
Robbie's been asleep for the last half
an hour with Nala but it's time for us
to leave now we're taking her home now
there's newbie I'm sleepy not only
sleepy twice oh we decide to take Nala
for a late-night walk just to get rid of
some energy and she is so scared of
everything she's I think it's because
she's just woken up and now she's like
out and about I have all tucked up in
bed oh my gosh today has been long it
has been good but long the only thing
that hasn't been done this should have
been done is my new main Channel video
of Jay we tried so much to film a video
and we just couldn't get anything that
we were happy with or that I was happy
we have to go for a main YouTube channel
so I'm gonna have to try my best to film
something good tomorrow for you guys I
really hope I can because I know I
missed last week and I don't want to
miss another week so hopefully there's
new main channel video going up go check
it out if there is one I'm not even in
focus but you can barely see me anyway
oh my camera back is flashing right if
you enjoyed the video guys give it a big
ol thumbs up let me know you did I will
catch you tomorrow good oh don't forget
to subscribe please subscribe down below
goodnight good morning we're currently I
say we meaning me and you watching this
video currently
out walking my little doggie she's just
sniffing a tree as the usual you having
a nice morning Missy
