good morning guys good morning we're
currently I say we meaning me and you
watching this video currently out
walking my little doggy she's just
sniffing a tree as per usual you having
a nice morning Missy she's a little bit
excited because she can hear so many
birds don't know why they have so many
birds up today I think it's because it's
an absolutely lovely day how are you
doing hope you have an up and getting a
phone call that was my sister on the
phone she just drove over now to come
and say hello with her friend who have
both been at the gym this morning they
worked out for 40 minutes in the gym and
then went to a half an hour like
high-intensity workout class that I was
meant to be going to with them and I
forgot good girl good girl let's take
all of this off of you and one leg and
the other leg oh there we go
Anne your head perfect here we go good
girl we've just jumped into town jumped
into town I haven't had breakfast yet
guys it's like quarter past 11 such a
successful morning although I haven't
cited the daily vlog normally edit the
blog in bed today I haven't even started
the blog yet so I need to do that
straightaway when we get to the office
but first step most important thing in
the morning we need a crappy we need a
caffee and we need some food ah I've
missed the prep porridge time it's going
to be too late it's all going to be sold
Preta Monge I think that's holding out
it porridge is the best but I'm too late
today I have just bought so much food
from prac basically got a breakfast
lunch and dinner in one ok do you want
to know the best thing about all of this
food
you know the porridge that I thought
I've missed because the time is gone in
20 minutes exactly past 11:00 and
normally a sold out by 10 o'clock there
was two left and one pot of honey I got
so lucky this morning got myself some
porridge
got another two bottles of water got
myself a latte and for lunch I've got
myself not only a chicken salad which
is amazing but I've also got myself a
bacon and chicken baguette the only
issue is that kind of forgot cutlery but
that doesn't matter because in this
studio we have done to the door we have
cutlery so if I need a fork no I'm going
to put the forks with the hands out what
is this I'm going to spoon my porridge
that's all good
I'm going clean for Charlie got like a
tiny little arm whatever faults and
dirty I need to do my washing up so bad
anyways that's another story I need to
need to buy some washing-up liquid for
up here
good I'm Bonnie washing up liquid in
this in this office I mean studio I mean
pointless place I mean studio I mean
sorry I didn't mean to say office don't
kill me
I've currently got a million and one
things that I need to be doing today so
I thought I would go live instead and
just chat to you guys everybody say hi
in the Jack there is like thousands of
you guys here there is currently three
thousand three hundred and forty nine of
you Oh eighty-seven I've got a little
dilemma basically guys I want to stay in
the office late tonight because I want
to film some gaming videos and also want
to be here for watch the new iPhone
cases hoodies and jumpers all go on sale
on the merch store but but I have
forgotten my office key I've got the one
till I lock up my individual office but
I haven't got the one to look up
downstairs on the actual front door the
office which is the lock door for other
people have their offices in this
building as well now this wouldn't be an
issue if I left the office early today
because I can lock my office and then
whoever leaves last will lock their
office however if I stay late and I'm
the last one who leaves
I cannot lock the door therefore the
doors like not locked for other people I
don't know to get what I'm saying
basically I cannot be the last one that
leaves or it goes the other way round
somebody doesn't realize that I'm here
locks the door and I can't exit the
office therefore I'm locked in my office
for the weekend that's also another bad
option
both of them not very good which adds up
to the reasoning of why I'm about to
pose my laptop now and leaves office and
I've got my fingers crossed that I'm not
already the last one that's leaving that
would be really bad it's also Friday
today for me which means that everybody
leaves work early
that's just like a thing that's a fact
in the UK everybody finishes work not
okay not everybody like if you're a
teacher obviously you might just need to
work early
but office jobs usually finish earlier
on a Friday because it's the weekend
don't know why just is what it is we're
all good don't worry I'm out and I
wasn't the last one to leave
so the offices are all safe for no good
and I'm not locked inside for the
weekend whoa it's a lovely weather look
at that sky just as I thought everything
was going well realised that I've I've
left my wallet in the office oh my gosh
if the last personal debt has left now
then my wallet is locked in there for
the weekend no oh my gosh give me that
now whoo I'm about to where we were half
an hour ago but this time with my wallet
so now I can actually get a taxi home it
is seven minutes until the phone cases
the jumpers and everything go on sale I
can't even speak Glen sale I'm so
excited
/ nervous I always get so nervous from
releasing new merchandise because I
don't know how you guys are going to
react like magic if I release these
phone cases and everyone's just like
what the bloody is that they're
disgusting we don't want phone cases so
I'm like whoa
six minutes I've got some instagrams and
some tweets ready and waiting my daily
vlog is about to go live as ro in six
minutes
two minutes you're and then even though
I've got the camera rolling I just don't
really know what to say I'm like I mean
oh I need to quit something I think I'm
ready I think I think I'm ready
one minute one minute before I'm
officially celebrated the launch with
some dairy milk mixed buttons absolutely
delicious that's what I'm celebrating
with at the moment the launch is going
crazy like that small hoodie is about to
sell out and the small jumper could
possibly sell out tonight so I'm good
after order with the iPhone cases I'm
gonna have to order some more hoodies in
as well on Monday as some more jumpers
because I just didn't realize how many
of you wanted those I thought I bought a
lot in turns out there's more of you
that wanted them than the amount I
bought in anyways the iPhone cases at
the moment let me just quickly check I
think there has been about 40 more black
iPhone cases ordered them white iPhone
cases which is pretty similar that's
pretty cool cuz I've got a present from
YouTube I have no idea what this is I
feel like it should be like maybe a 1i
not 1,100,000 subscriber plat my main
channel and never received it is it like
those of your top comments okay where's
this third piece of original art
inspired by real fan comment that's so
cool when you come I'm so you have to
see many expressions of talented people
wait so these got Wow feel that oh it's
like nice packaging wait wait so are
these comments about any YouTube there's
always one it's not me
right forward slash pointlessblog yeah
an artist has made 30 original pieces of
art inspired by my viewers comics you
recognize the freedom to create
something unique and with it felt
something beautiful you couldn't know
where I knew this would lead but you
started anyway you shook up industries
and rewrote the rules more than that
yourself to conversation that sparked
community what you created not only
inspires us but people all around the
world in return we hope this collection
of art will inspire you defined by your
differences your bravery your
self-expression this book is yours is
the product of what you create each day
as seen through the eyes of your
community it's a celebration of where
you have been in a physical expression
of the possibilities that lie ahead
so these are the different artists lay
down pieces of art just on my comment or
just
10 or just on youtubers comments wow the
piece of art and what star thank you so
much YouTube I don't have time to go
through it now because I've got a taxi
on the way I'm off to the train station
to go to London this evening to go hang
out some school friends and che is going
to be there as well
if I may be very very loving the number
plate check that I cab as I said to you
a second ago I've got a super rush visit
to London my friends don't even realize
I'm coming set from Jay basically long
story short all my friends are going to
one of my friends Jack's house why he
said I couldn't make it because I
thought I was busy Oh about to get
whatever turns out I'm not busy
so everyone's watching me blog turns out
I'm not busy and I can make it so I'm
just rushing ever hey Dad
so right he's got per ticket now just
realized that I rushed packing my bags
so much as well so I probably forgot
enough things I need for example a
charger for this camera don't have one
okay
it turns out miss my train by about 10
minutes so I've got 21 minutes until my
next train which kind of is negative
because I'm going to be late what kind
of a positive because now have time to
get food I am the only one I think well
this is embarrassing on the train you
know I'm the only one on this train I
saw one other person get on right down
the other side but as you guys know I
always walk to the far end of the train
because that India is going to be the
closest once it gets into the other
station so now I don't have to walk
alone once I get off the other side
everyone's walking in different
directions I think che is here already
ready to meet me because his tube just
going a couple of minutes ago when you
scare me how's it going you get me
because after that's my job how you
doing my friend you good good good we've
jumped in the eibar we've just asked him
to kind of pull over which he has and
we're just getting some alcohol for
tonight rung up and said odds anyone
else needs me everybody who is like you
guys out go so Jay and I are doing the
rounds and getting everybody alcohol
what we going for I say great a beers
always a good shout I'm gonna have to
block quietly with back a chase I say we
meet me and Jay evidently I'm not at the
party because be laying on a bed in a
vest my boxers Jeff a good evening front
I was gonna know so that yeah yeah we
had a great fight just here me and you
know we did that chat no we did go to a
party but um we've left now imma back
home I didn't want to film with the
party because there was I didn't even
know over half the people I've ever can
it was good that it was nice to catch up
with we're friends I don't often get to
see n everything don't really know what
else to say
where were those friends from have you
noticed that they're from school school
yeah it may not call it winter school
friends you always see college friends
about because we hung out tons in
college but it's cool friends like we
hung out more in college than we did in
school but I didn't like you in school
we've formed a group or a human Oh Jay
goodnight they're all school friends and
college friends as well we hung out
college as well you're weird I kept out
of my man I'm in chains bed anyways I'm
gonna vlog now why are you standing
there
I can't wait to that a bloody lie off ok
thanks right since my Caravan
my lighting my name I'm sleeping in the
middle don't you're gonna sleep on that
chair
guys Mitch I gonna share a bed tonight
I'll catch it wife you've enjoyed the
vlog give the
thumbs up I'm not sure why I vlog too
much today but I hope you've enjoyed
what you've seen why I chase and the
lights off we've got a story to tell you
I don't have move ever told you before
check you tell them so we embed together
what happened to be looking white
because Jays flatmate his downstairs
asleep below us don't want to come up
and be mad at me but you turned me in
the story so we we went out we're in
London before I moved here and we were
sharing a bed together when I was
sharing a bed because for someone when
they were in a hotel which it was run a
motel it was still remember they tell ya
it was just like random hotel and they'd
only given us one double bed yeah it
seems like this and we had to share we
were fine without mother Shella
in the middle of the night I woke up
because I usually sleep naked you're not
they good tonight and neither mine are
the box isn't the best not that I mean
bro is fine you can easily make it if
you want I am so I woke up in the middle
of the night and I'd taken on my clothes
off at some point during my sleep
artists lay next Ralphie naked most
looked her when he was fast asleep
throwing all right whatever it doesn't
matter I think it slowly just like got
my boxes from wherever they were off the
bed put them back on I think I've told
you in the morning about what the hell
so without even realizing J wast with us
he was asleep took all his clothes off
it was butt-naked in bed next to me in
one double bed woke off a mess up I'm
naked
a banana fuck I catch you tomorrow hope
you enjoyed the story today is the
exciting day so I'm going to give you a
little hint now when it's about
merchandise
