today is the exciting day so I'm going
to give you a little hint now when it's
about merchandise good morning guys
good morning I haven't done one that
energetic and upbeat and excited for
ages because today is a super exciting
special day I'll let you know why in a
minute I think it's today anyway I'm
like 95% sure it's today I'm going to
quickly make a phone call and check my
emails just to make sure that the
exciting thing is happening today but
I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure I'm just
in my studio as you can see or some of
you let's call this place what do you
have to call it was like the pointless
was it's not an office it's not studio
the point there's something I can't
remember you guys will comment it in the
comments I see yeah I see yeah I've just
got a breath a pret product with a
little bit of honey or haven't started
easy yeah for my breakfast I'm currently
editing the daily vlog and doing some
emails and stuff on the computer and
I've also got a latte so give it about
20 minutes once I've drunk that latte I
am going to be on the ceiling I'm going
to be so like that so energetic which is
good because I plan to film some new
videos to that and you're going to film
a couple of gaming videos I'm gonna
quickly drink my coffee eat my porridge
edit the daily vlog just come to get
some lunch I bumped into Karis who's
wearing one of my necklaces you're the
first person with the necklace do you
like it yes look so see I haven't got
one on I'll show everyone how you doing
you having a good day it's so busy in
town isn't it
it's insane or have a lovely day guys
I'm going to quickly secretly sign some
of them for you
the blog is uploading at the moment what
should be uploading hopefully I left it
when I was going out uploading we've had
a good day
I've had a bloomin good dad got so much
stuff down okay two minutes left
processing for the vlog and then it is
going to be going up it's ten minutes to
three I'm a little bit out of breath
cause I'm running around town because it
was so damn busy like so busy and as you
saw I just popped in to water stones as
well and signed a ton of all three of my
books I signed every single copy of book
one every single copy of book two and as
many book threes as I possibly could
without everybody in there being like
why the hell is that boy writing and
scribbling and drawing on books he's in
a book store and he's drawing on the
books and he doesn't even beg for them
everyone was looking at me like as a
weirdo but I was signing them for you
guys so if you live in Brighton or near
Brighton head into water stones you
might be able to grab yourself a signed
copy of my new book or the old book or
the even older book go do that if you
want to do that I've been there
something super I want to put you guys
down somewhere like I wanna miss if I
come I mean okay stay stay
further from training Nala I've been
working away on something today that I
don't know if you guys are going to find
out about - any time soon soon like
definitely in the near future you will
for sure and it is not like a special
video it's not like a podcast or a movie
or book or anything like that is cool
it's basically a new company that I'm
setting up hopefully it's going to be
super super good for you guys in the
long run it's also going to help out a
lot of other youtubers hopefully really
really exciting and stuff but I've been
working on maps and trying to mess about
drawing the logo obviously you guys I've
seen how bad I am at like drawing that's
one thing that I've been working on
trying to set up all of that company and
make it like legally a company and and
have the right amount of shareholders
and percentages and make sure that the
contracts between lawyers and everything
it's all working and the URL for the
website is owned in the right company
ah it is a little blurry mess it is good
it is going well and I've got somebody
working on it with me in fact I've got a
team of people working on it with me
already which is really really exciting
we've already got like members of staff
working for the company and things and
you guys will see that in the near
future
oh I just realized it's the blooming
exciting day it is today today is the
day I've been doing I've been catching
up on emails and I made a couple of
phone calls today is the exciting day so
I'm going to give you a little hint now
what it's about
merchandise new products products back
in stock everything I'll tell you about
it later because right now I've got to
eat my lunch and get all this stuff if
you want to be sneaky and just find out
what it is right now link is down below
to PB merch code it UK you can go and
check it out but I will tell you what it
actually is or more about it later on
okay
oh no thought I threw my sushi all over
my laptop what are we about to do
oh you're frozen we're about to film a
video but the delivery dinkum your new
camera ah did you miss it you check the
post box
I'll check the post box right so yeah
I'll check it when I get back so I'm
just packing up now about new the office
I bought more or less the app for the
new book finished it's got like two more
videos that I need to work on tomorrow
but today I finished three videos and
ilona pictures for an event enormous
sushi and my daily vlog is live and I've
worked bit more than the new company
which is exciting do any multiple camera
angles how many cameras have you got
there shall I bring another camera
another 70d back yes because the video
that we're about to film for my channel
guys so you were filming in advance this
vide that film with Zoe isn't going to
go up for like two weeks and I think the
video filming Zoe is something that you
guys have been begging me to do and Zoe
the videos going on as always channels
are even more popular than the one
that's going on my channel and but when
these multiple camera angles so let me
quickly grab over here let me still so
I'm not going to tell you what the new
video is the zone I'm about to film
she doesn't realize but I've come into
American Apparel also to come herself
just some clothes I like but I'm gonna
buy her some ridiculous clothes maybe
something like this that she has to wear
in my video I'm not going to show you on
a wire you'll get up to wait for in a
couple of weeks to see oh my gosh I
don't know if to go to like leopard
print
I wants to go so much glad oh my gosh
look at this like a flowery one of those
oh how excited how excited those got a
new camera it did arrive although only
one of these turned up when she would
make she ordered two so hope you all
comes tomorrow or look at it this is the
only but I don't like I know I kind of
want to just show that bit off the top
but I don't have the rest of the camera
will work in trusting me that this is
good it is get am using it right now you
like it seems alright safe on up
you need vlogging camera what have you
got just a sharpie why write my name on
this factory why cuz you steal them all
no did you steal mine
so this is what happens everybody is I
might also look at my hair alright my
name on an absolutely no I need to wear
one of those be nice I don't know if I
got one I think they all sold telling me
you've never used that let me tell them
so I like my name on absolutely nothing
sorry writes her name on absolutely
everything like I phone charges lapse of
charges but but because I don't write my
name on anything
sometimes my items just a beer with
Zoe's name whenever do I feel like I
never I get something you I write my
name on it and then and then you
sometimes see a nice brand new iPhone
charger and you like this is mine but it
doesn't have my name on it
and therefore higher name appears her
name appears on my charges know if
they're organized is thieving you're
stealing my goods but you will see more
things around the house there's always
name on it because often those things
were originally mine but now they just
have so fear it you always use my things
you won't want them they can dip on the
side boys what is call look how many
this is excuse now are getting away now
go and put it on it will it really good
right you need anybody's film I'm just
about to make a coffee and then about
film anew a new video a new video
okay guys we just finished building
we've just finished filming for the new
video I can't show you so me because
then it's gonna leak your outfit choices
oh yeah well I can film your head come
over here just film your head during
that video where I need to be really
careful there we go
during that videos oh he may have broken
her nose we had no accident dimly it's
okay no like I heard it crack not
bleeding it's gone really wonky sure
yeah all right let's try it again like I
had mine I'll just show you just this
top but there was more purchased that's
one of them but yeah we've just filmed a
super super time vide you you can
probably guess what the video is and I
hope you're excited we filmed Zoey's
video as well and we kind of had a nose
accident we're cracked maybe blood again
maybe a few tears as well but it would
it work that is definitely what women in
food yeah I know I hope we can just cook
in no order oh no how's your nose it
actually hurts it hurts when I tip
forward if there's any doctors out there
it could tell me why that's happening
now it's like my sites like it did
something to my sciences lots of the
poses for all I mean lots of things for
the video we're upside down or in
handstands and things like that so ah
anyways we need to tidy up all of these
cameras and with this mess and put them
back to normal
might take know that I'm five past nine
five past nine tonight we've got a
fairly similar dish to what I normally
go with and but a tiny bit switched up
we've got salmon but instead of just
being like salmon and soya sauce that I
normally cook it is got like fancy stuff
inside it I don't actually know what it
is I know this pesto in there and
something else but
I don't know to look really really good
on the packet and I just whacked it in
the oven for half an hour and then we've
also got some lentils with rice the
microwave a lot some ashes while being
cooked lentils instead of quinoa we've
gone for lentils peppers and rice it's
officially time everybody you can
probably guess what is going on about
I'm very very excited I hope I don't
wait no luck she's sleeping next to me
but you guys all know that I sell merch
with the PB logo on it the PB
merchandise well when it went on sale a
couple of weeks ago I tried to make sure
that nothing could sell out and you guys
being you guys being crazy powerful like
you are sold it out like it literally
sold out straight away the hoodies and
the jumper so if you don't know the
hoodie looks like it basically looks
like this it's basically a grey super
super soft comfortable hoodie with the
PB logo and the jumper is basically the
same but a jumper with the logo on I
wear them all the time so you've
probably seen them go search on Twitter
because I spent so long working on like
the shape and the fit and the style and
the price because I wanted it to be
super cheap for you guys but super good
quality and now all have you been
receiving them all my tweets are just
full of like amazing feedback saying how
comfortable they are how soft where I'm
at you love it some super super happy
but they're still sold out until now
until right now they are back on sale
I've just ordered more stock in you guys
are probably going to sell it out
straight away I've tried to buy nothing
so that it won't sell out but but but I
did that last time and it didn't work
out so if you do want a hoodie or a
jumper be super super quick the link is
down below PB merch code at UK go grab
one now guys but that isn't it that
isn't it ladies and gentlemen there is
more there is a new product being added
to the store today that I've been
waiting so long you guys have seen me
basically with all of my merchandise I
don't just like to drop products without
trying them properly myself like I was
wearing these hoodies in the jumpers
without logos on for months and you guys
didn't even notice because it looked
like I had normal plain hoodies and
jumpers on in my vlogs but I've been
trying out another product for a while
and you have some of you see
in my vlogs it is APB phone case and
I've been testing it out now for
probably about a month because I wanted
to make sure that it was like super like
grippy so that the phone doesn't skip up
your hand I wanted to make sure that it
doesn't just like crack or get damaged I
want to make sure that it's actually a
good case that the logo stays on and
it's awesome it is so so good I've been
testing out for like a month now and I
love it I've also got a couple of other
friends testing out as well Maddie from
gleam is testing out as well so from
this second as you are watching this
video and I know these are going to sell
so quickly so I've sorted something out
so what I've done with this iPhone case
is is that I have put them on the
website now up available for pre-order
which means if you order one you 100%
get an iPhone case from the first batch
I'm basically going to make the order
like I'm going to order all the phone
cases in on Monday but as you are
watching this it is Friday so you have
like 48 hours or something to order one
and yours 100% be in the first batch
that I order in because I never know how
many of these things I'm going to sell
so just say for example if I buy in like
I don't know 100 iPhone 6 cases and then
200 of you want to order them as soon as
that 100 is gone they're gone and then
after all the more and then it takes
time for them to be made and everything
so I haven't ordered in any phone cases
I'm going to order them on Monday so you
have got until Monday to place an order
now on people matchstick odk of a phone
case there is the white one that you
guys have been seeing me using there is
also a black one I haven't got any here
to show you let me put a picture on the
screen right now this is what they look
like these are the black ones and these
are the white ones they are so awesome I
haven't got like any here because as I
said I haven't ordered them I've got
I've had some like the ones that I've
been tested you've seen that I've been
testing them but I had to send most them
back to the warehouse and stuff like
that so I'm just so excited please don't
expect them to turn up in like a few
days or a week's time they are going to
take a while to turn up your house
because as I said I haven't even ordered
them to be made yet that's the whole
point of
the pre-order system they will take a
few weeks maybe like three weeks or
something I don't know to turn up your
house so please don't be emailing me in
a week or two times then where's my
bloomin iPhone case I ordered it and I
haven't even got it yet this is a
pre-order this is just to make sure that
you guaranteed get one in the first
order like bulk load that I order if you
get what I mean
you get me if not read the info on the
website it will explain it the hoodies
and the jumpers about in stock and we've
got phone cases I cannot wait for you
guys to be using the phone cases like
they may be my favorite product they may
be I'm gonna start rambling on about
much because I don't turn this whole
video into just merchandise in fact I'm
gonna end the vlog down here right now
because the time is currently 1124 1124
I haven't even updated my background
turn this which hasn't even got that
haircut anymore I need to update that
are you ready to go to bed Missy Missy
nugget event she's literally asleep at
the moment horse Lincoln are you asleep
boss licking your leg we got some fluff
stuck on you have you got some fluff for
me to get off there we go
you're so cute I've just been texting
both Brit and Roman and we are meeting
up in Orlando very very very soon at
playlist live we're going to film some
fun challenges together and hang out so
get ready for some more pointlessblog
Roman Atwood family videos collabs
software that will hanging out anyways
I'm going to leave the vlog here let me
know if you do order anything and I want
to own a chat about it on a gig excited
with you and I will catch you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it guys give the video a thumbs
up if you're excited for the new South V
ah I was going to say the video title
you guys are going to know the video
title for the news outlet collab coming
soon and don't think it's this weekend I
think it's the one after but it's coming
soon give the video thumbs up fuchs i
did i'll catch you tomorrow good night
are you ready
you ready though good good morning guys
