gun then hahaha
you ready are you ready you ready though
good good morning guys good morning
poppy and I as I told you as I told you
at the end of yesterday's vlog poppy and
I are off to London today for a ton of
meetings and interview and even a cheeky
little photo shoot which is going to be
good but first stop I haven't had any
breakfast yet today so have you had any
breakfast I'm not too sure we we're off
to go get some food what are you going
to get bang poppy wants a whole bag
mango for some reason I don't know why
that's the last thing I feel like eating
right now I want a coffee and I want
some chicken burrito that's my name and
then we're going to jump in the car they
need you have to hear me and then we're
going to jump in the car Bobby doesn't
love your blog in a public like quite
loud loud I like these guys to know that
I'm awake I'm energized
oh they got here you have to speed like
this here it is there's the big old
pouch of mango so you've just come into
a little juice bar for photoshoot and
what they do is they number each of
their drinks from one to eight and it
tells you what it is and then inside
these it just has the number so I'm
going to go for a number five I'm
getting small number five what you got
for three ones that have you tried there
they've got little testers you can try
them up there I'm going for a number
five which is four or five here
pineapple celery apple lime grass and
parsley it's cool I love this if you're
ever around in London you need to go to
roots Juicery it's so sick and the
people in there are lovely guys I'm
rushing off the local a bump in G hello
goodbye is my senior Go Go
Hey well we nearly fell over get in geez
finish shopping with the meetings really
really good everything went well
it's now chucking it down we were going
to head home but I said since is so
lovely and sunny why don't we stay in
London for a bit and then get the train
home once it's not sunny anymore I don't
think you guys can even see the rain but
it is chucking it down hot your chair oh
wait why are we going in there let me
stand under here so you guys don't get
wet
yeah it's gonna stop any second the
skies like blew up maybe it doesn't look
so blue promise you the skies kind of
blew up like I just told you it was
going to be sunny look at this the
Philippines sun's come out and now we've
jumped in a taxi to go back to Brighton
it was raining so we jump back in a taxi
Ted backbiter papi cried because it was
raining
you did something stop crying
I did it
but look I love me the waivers it looks
so splendid absolutely beautiful hello
hello
can we just take a moment to talk about
Taylor
Instagram with Troy
don't want to talk about it this is too
much way too much like oh yeah short
trousers sure no she'll know shorty
Jarvis just one cold ankle and now we're
back in Brighton whoo whoo Bobby Bobby I
seriously got ad that Papi's lost a
train to get his mind Shawn if you got
yours
she was poppin where's yours Oh
somebody's going sleeping in the train
station tonight I think we're going to
buy sorry a bunch of flowers and then
which one are these are quite good
they're a nice little bunch on they are
those
but it's really nice
what should I go for that's quite cute
it's got white roses in it as well
reggae yeah I know the best boyfriend
ever
she liked them I picked them myself hey
baby look how crazy your legs are going
we finish having dinner and I'm now just
cooking up a hot Chocolat Oh pick up the
reason why I make it in here is because
I'm making one for myself
Zoe and Shawn all at the same time and
it would have been so long just doing
them all in the microwave I don't even
remember the last time I had a hot
chocolate if you've been watching these
vlogs for long I'm talking like a year
or so you would know that I used to be
obsessed with hot chocolate
I used to literally drink like minimum
of two hot chocolates a day it's not
good for you
not in that quantity but I used to do it
this used to be like my thing my drink
and I'm scared that if I have one now
that I'm going to start getting back
into them again here we go guys are you
ready
should we start on this one boom
a little bit more than here look how
good these look em fun them see the
upside down your armpit Oh stretch those
arms
oh that's Mele tick on his armpit I'm
well aware that I haven't blogged much
today I cannot even describe Oh
how dark it is right now how tired I am
right now you know my laptop is your one
yes I'm looking this bag I need to put
you to bed little one actually first I'm
just going to put knowledge lounge and
then we'll go to bed why am I wearing a
hat in bed you may ask because my hair
is an absolute mess is the answer just
putting my braces in case I sounds super
lispy I also look incredibly yellow kind
of look like a Simpson anyways we are
just about to watch some TV and bit what
did you say you want to watch the whole
a film called the whole I have no idea
what it is or that the film holds it's
awesome
we should put holes you know digging up
hoes digging is cool so did I that was a
good one to watch that if you haven't
seen that go watch holds the movie I'm
going to vlog now as I said I don't
think I've actually feel much today
because I literally spent the vast
majority of it in a meeting in
photoshoot and more meetings two
meetings three meetings and a photoshoot
so super super productive but just not
so productive for the vlog but as a
youtuber we do so much stuff other than
making videos is hard sometimes to show
everything we do like things like a book
doesn't just come out thin there things
like products and merchandise and
everything we do there is so much more
than what you guys see that we do and so
I'm sorry sometimes at the videos a
little bit short like today or if I
occasionally miss videos or whatever
because we're doing lots of busy stuff
but you don't often see all of us doing
it because
as that's just life and we don't film it
we can't film some of it anyways I'm
going to end the vlog if you enjoyed it
if you enjoyed watching me bully poppy
all day and embarrass her in the train
stations then give the video big old
thumbs up if you want to subscribe feel
free to subscribe the button is down
below that would mean a lot and I'll
catch you tomorrow good oh let's try and
hit it starting at twenty five thousand
thumbs up that would be cool
goodnight and not remotely faced by the
big ring
