good morning guys good morning I am back
in bed but as you've just seen I have
been to the gym I didn't feel much
because I didn't want to be that person
that films himself in the gym you know
that guy didn't want to be him just made
myself some breakfast which it's a bit
of an odd breakfast but I've never been
so hungry so early in the morning I
think it's because I worked out and now
I'm just like feel my body
give me some energy so I've just made
myself some salmon and quinoa for
breakfast so it's currently in bed doing
emails and knowledge laying on the floor
in the Sun just now I completely forgot
you know if you listened to it yesterday
hope you enjoyed it I'm sure you guys
can catch up on it and it's the final of
crops and they're talking about Jem a
potentially prize-winning dog who isn't
fazed at all by something that frankly
I'm absolutely terrified of what do you
think - Jen well she's a wonderful
wonderful example of the breed
short and compact Smits like in every
detail and not remotely faced by the big
ring house full face therefore our feet
to start all European football managers
is how kind of open and honest they are
have you ever done a pre match interview
natee route before here again for sure
for sure you cannot imagine where I
played by myself
you guys can go check it out if you want
to go check it out are you ready to
lunch yeah yeah you enjoying it
knowledge watching it as well the
evergreen China and Southeast Asia make
useful ground cover in the garden the
evergreen soccer create oval tolerate
tie change the suckers got the hook
Kirino are you ready for the yummiest
treat you've ever had yes you are done
then you enjoy that you have that little
snack oh look at her we're gonna be back
soon
see you later I'm still waiting for the
perfect day to use my drone it hasn't
been the perfect day just yet I mean it
is the perfect day today to use my drone
but at Bobby you're not really
interested in using my drone are usually
so it just be me but myself I'd rather
do it when I've got like Jay or Marcus
or who else Shawn somebody like that so
I'm still waiting for the perfect day
with the perfect people
we've kind of got a little bit of an
issue we went past the petrol station
about 15 minutes ago and we had the
decision of either going now or going on
the way back from lunch but since the
petrol station is on the other side of
the road we decided to be smarter to go
on the way back from lunch definitely
wasn't the smart decision I don't have a
clue what we're gonna do
are you ready to see how many miles are
you ready to see how many miles we've
got left
just like dashes don't even see zero
anymore doesn't even see zero miles dot
dot dot awesome guys can you not just
wash up in a sitting there Zoey just go
in the left lane even if we have to go
off we've been stuck in traffic for like
15 minutes guys I'm saying oh it doesn't
ask that you can see in that but does
ever petrol station because have like
reserved time it's like do they save by
10 more spare I don't even know but
fingers crossed this Astra is more than
just as de but a super store it sounds
promising
sounds promising optician pharmacy if
they've gone application and a pharmacy
it doesn't look great those are alert
let's our hot tubs over there why are
there no petrol stations around there I
say we put into answer and just see if
they've got one he'll be better to burn
our pet to enhance the car bark then it
he doesn't know they've got one I've
gone on points of interest petrol
stations 1.1 miles
I don't have I don't have one okay go on
where is that going it it doesn't matter
where is it the closest one let's do it
did you get petrol we have to drive
about two miles in the wrong direction
so don't if this is smart or not but
what we're gonna do is we're just gonna
go to the garden center we're gonna
drive there and try get petrol on the
way back somewhere we still have zero
miles doesn't even say zero
he just says nothing everybody we are
not the petrol station we are at the
garden center person blending and this
is exactly why we come here
a drop a beat seven how am I ever meant
to drink that that's a large I've never
seen this looks so delicious oh my gosh
so whenever we take Nala for walks we
love just like sitting down having a
drink having a sandwich and just
chilling out yeah
and I've just seen all of these in the
garden centre and these are like perfect
for us to play whilst she's like running
around and playing with bugs so I want
to get ringed off this is the sickest
game I also want to get croquet and what
I want to get rounders
Ekans boon it's real legged race the
beanbag round I don't think we need to
do that Ross not where you get when you
get in the sack oh yeah maybe between
your legs and you go like that we don't
need that one but we do need rounders so
let's get this one here right oh wait we
got around this kit right by the front
door we've got one no yes we do okay all
right let's get that this is literally
my favorite ring toss and go gay you
ready you carry this ones are just good
this body said you practiced I'm ready
we don't need the sports take care when
are we going to play that what where you
play that way like mom's mom's kitchen
do you really want to get it yeah do you
want to get a giant chess set now you
get that one Israel go on
wait serious we could get there bold is
good okay let's not get bowls you want
some help
we've also got dog toys because Zoe's
mum's just got a new puppy a couple of
days ago and it is the cutest thing ever
it's the most tiniest 7 weeks old what's
his name again
Hector is good Hector he's 7 weeks old
and here's a chocolate Labrador
Retriever not too sure and you got your
purse sorry forgot I thirst it's fine
because yesterday when we were food drop
and I forgot my wallet
so I'll buy this alright we've just left
hobby class that drop back in the car
now so the question is whether we're
actually going to be able to make it to
the petrol station or not we've kind of
had such a good time having lunch shop
around the gardens and going in hobby
craft and buying some bits in there that
we forgot that we've got zilcho zero
petrol it still says hopefully we're not
going to like break down as you can see
the closest one petrol station is here
we're right next to where but we're
going to risk it and try and go for this
one because our way home is along this
road so we're gonna gonna go to the
furthest petrol station away this one
and this one all closer but we'll head
to that one the fourth closest with such
idiots guys the car stopped working I'm
just stuck
we are literally about three seconds
away about three seconds away
you can do it hopefully we don't break
down now because on a roundabout that
would be the worst time to possibly
break down you miss it you wait there we
can see yeah yeah guys we made it
do you have your purse I'm not paying
for your petrol right you do it good you
jump out and fill up go on
I'm joking I love the smell of petrol as
you guys know the smell of petrol was
one of my favorite things so I never
mind I really don't like it why travel
sick I don't know why is adorable
it means I've got no cash when you just
look at it right I would started to come
up with you can't speak I will say live
a camera with you but last time I did
that when we went to go see Adele you
filmed about 16 minutes of you talking
to camera that's why my vlogs are too
long so I'm gonna take my camera with me
now after you walk you sleepy you look
like a cocktail sausage it is super late
guys I've just been on the phone to Leon
busting mr. Leon from the lien machines
for the last like 45 minutes just
chatting Archer look at my hair just
chatting utter rubbish it's quarter to
11:00 autumn rubbish as usual I swear
we literally ring each other every
couple of days and just speak rubbish
like I don't even know what we spoke
about the whole phone call we spoke
about what we're up to at the moment
they've got their new book coming out in
like a month today I think if you're
watching this it's one month to date or
their new book is out witches
exciting I'm gonna shall I just end the
vlog if I don't end it now I know it I'm
just gonna film the next clip in bed
ending my vlog waking zombie up so I may
as well just what is my hair doing
haven't done my hair today at all
I may as well just end it now for you so
hope you've enjoyed today I'm so so glad
that we made it and our car didn't break
down running out of petrol that would
have just been annoying tomorrow I've
got a super exciting day in London we
both got a couple of meetings she has
got some stuff about her blog and I've
got some stuff about future merchandise
things then we've got interview together
and a photoshoot together which is if it
I'll tell you more about it tomorrow
you'll see more in the vlog and yeah
just hanging out in London together for
the day seeing what we get up to and I'm
really excited so I hope you've enjoyed
this vlog if you have give it a big ol
thumbs up to let me know and I will
catch you also subscribe if you want it
if you want to subscribe there button is
down below my subscribers have been
going insane recently I think it's
because it's East us or a lot of people
on a school and college so just a lot
more people have been watching these
videos so thank you so much all of the
support it means so much to me the views
the subscribers the likes everything
have been going nuts recently so thank
you so much keep it up keep giving the
thumbs up keep subscribing keep leaving
amazing comments it all means so much to
me and I'll catch you tomorrow he's
faster films I dunno
it's a liar
