good morning everybody
good morning guys how the heck are you
doing this is the first vlog back in the
house since I've been away in Barcelona
yesterday I was absolutely knackered
literally took all the pillows off the
sofa and just fell asleep for most of
the day because I realized that over
three days I had only had five hours
sleep
overall but in total I slept like two
and a half hours before going to
Barcelona and then two and a half hours
whilst I was in Barcelona because we
went out what we asked oh this is all I
wanted to say maybe he's so sure he
might not have you I know you might know
what you do I I basic so Shawn everybody
oh you guys wanna show my sister's
boyfriend he has got his drive in such
wahat his driving test this morning have
you got do you men put in Gina what's
ready nothing I do makes me in the eye
tell me I don't know I don't know I know
you don't know if he's faster failed I
dunno if such a liar
but I'm saying sure we FaceTime him
or do you want to look they feel a bit
your whatsapp it says if he's passed or
failed so join a FaceTime him oh no
don't go and watch that hey Simon here
okay FaceTime him so Sean had his
driving test this morning if we throw
back to like three months ago I didn't
have a driving license neither do my
sister I never did Sean popping I both
passed now it is just Sean left I don't
know if he's passed or failed Zoe wants
to know and I'm vlogging oh he's not
here
oh okay poppy can tell you oh yeah huh
I'm telling it I could just look in the
whatsapp but I'll beat up fast oh my god
you came fast first time yo yo yo
Shawn as poss is driving test so so hot
this is going to be the scariest thing
ever hate - hey that's good now your lap
15 so this is going to be scary if you
live live right and hope guys be careful
on the roads because myself Bobby and
Shawn are all out there we'll drive in
now I know I made you all wait who won
who won the bet
we put a bet out ages ago 50 pounds over
500 pounds if you have good theory test
first you're such a liar
good it was fight it was 500 pounds but
whoever passed first and I passed first
therefore Zoe owes me 500 pounds
wasn't that dream pop guys back me up
here can somebody go and watch the video
or if you remember comment down below
who owes who what money that was in a
vlog months it must be like four months
ago Wow
okay right we go we've got it we've got
like 20 minutes and to go and get lunch
and then we've got meeting guys today
has been super good so far I've just
eggs and uploading a gaming video I'd
take a couple of Anna I just edited and
uploaded a gaming video to go live
tonight I've also got the daily vlog
scheduled and everything ready to go
live tonight hopefully the flowerpots
open here we go I've got myself a cheeky
little flat white as always come for a
hot chocolate and we kind of went did
you go for two sandwiches
so did I kind of got quite a lot
all right everybody our meeting is all
finished and we are free for them
oh and in my laptop 14 minutes into a
new vlog goes live and I actually
uploaded it slightly differently last
night so it's not going to go live by
itself at 5:00 I need to be on the
laptop to kick it live and say yeah
upload my blog so I've already uploaded
and everything I just need to press the
button to make it stand out to you guys
at five o'clock that's 14 minutes can
you type something oh
are you driving people you guys get
stolen oi to my comments that whenever
Zoey times that everyone's like a fidget
passed his test won't squeak - dog toy
and he isn't driving his car guys oh he
drives as well I do Drive sometimes but
Zoey also drive sometimes so that's what
happens when two of you drive in you
both have a car you have to pick one of
you and let's be both going iron cars
which would be a bit stupid bit bit of a
waste of the environment but I need to
sit my blog drive anyway so be good if
you drive put my blog up poppy and Sean
are currently outside they're literally
popped litter up so the house what are
you doing parked outside the house at
the moment
oh we ought to go food shopping however
Sean isn't insured on their car yet so I
think poppy is driving we haven't got
Sean a card to congratulate mum parsing
completely forgot to get them on but the
other day you guys know I love gin and
tonic and so does Sean I bought myself
this the other day this Brooklyn gin it
was like the most fancy one they have in
MLS and I bought one for Sean for when
he passes but I haven't given it to him
yet
so that's a that's a good gift we just
need to get him am more Newington I'll
see ya
I see yeah we bought some chocolate
cakes earlier and Zoe's gobbling them up
but we need to get going you're going to
stay here Missy come up here sit down
good girl we'll see you in like an hour
okay enjoy the Sun do some good sunbathe
n baby
John's past
it's a little present for parsing ki
then there's your water you wanted a
bottle of water thank you look at that
gin that's cool isn't that so cool fight
will see you thingy the postcode thank
you very much
follow us right oh you should probably
we've got the Justin Bieber playing and
I'm also just put my blog up at the
moment we're on the way to Sean hello
mate guys I wanna move over this is
first lane you need to move over to this
lame bro look at this fancy piece of
tech it just guides you into a parking
spot next home-and-garden why are we
here
yeah don't actually know why we're here
as you know we plan to come out food
shop and however poppy and Sean just
rang and said let's go to next first
then what we're doing here then what
we're gonna buy look how small this bar
is
does it do that
as they're so innocent fizzy drinks I
didn't even know that was a thing
I thought innocent was like super
healthy smoothies look at the drinkers
oh we just caught that's so unfair
I went for a bloom in antioxidant
innocent smoothie I didn't know we're
getting drinks like that is it good
we're trying to decide no baby we don't
have any business actually we do some of
these guys to give us better than vetoes
yeah yeah we might want to get like cool
frame guys we're thinking something like
this and and then we're going to print a
load of instagrams although just nice
pictures we've taken and put them up on
the wall although I kind of I prefer
instead of getting one like that you
know and you see people just a little
different shape and different sizes in
like an area but just in one small area
of the wall but I tons of like looking
for stuff big one
Oh try it out this is how loud it is try
it go on a day yeah go on
mother son destroy it quick quickly
quick can you try it the ones looking at
me quite sure we'll try it that's not
quite good that's very bad I don't know
if I like the flowers on the packaging
though I'd ask you look at that it's not
flower crown this is just a heart-shaped
one that's just a hot-shit background
for people at heart shaped heads
pop give it a try though not picking it
up going Oh
enjoy it go on really loud gone three
two one go and put it back
John put it back try and put it back oh
my god where's Sean I want you want to
try this one seems to me like oh boy
you're cool there he is Sean I've got a
challenge for you if challenge Sean was
a college girl to be ridiculous you have
to and one else has done it is it gonna
have to get this one pick it up and go
oh and we did with a biggie the big one
right now no we did the big one try the
left promise I know you endure it mean
for me did this one today we are going
to try and bite some food that neither
of us have had before that is our aim of
course we're going to get normal food as
well and we're going to try and get some
things that we don't normally cook that
we don't already eat on the regular you
guys seen this new interior designed
Instagrammer no what is it
Sheila look at this interior design and
look at that interior design home d√©cor
Instagrammer yeah they just bought
another two cushions when they just
walked before he bought four in next now
you bought two in here rifle is that for
your new Instagram look you could switch
it with that pillow there done another
interesting BAM in the bag Shawn that
last time I came I saw this how much do
you want that I look at that try to
figure out what it was then you're not
it is if I look they put a little police
you just pull it in then you later the
whole genuine coconut but then it makes
the hole for you and then you put the
straw from the bottom in the hole it's
like a little billion to the coconut
that's crazy and the other one no I get
it
yeah he won't take it kind of looks like
a bit I'm not able actually like a cow's
testicle to not they I genuinely honor
to you alright let's get out I don't
even how much money is a bit like five
pounds or something is it say maybe look
in it is three PI it's always paying up
the book my wallet anyway so she just
just pretend it's not there guys see if
Zoey notices we're going to hide it
there we go national pay for it she
won't realize thank Zoey
thanks to buy me the cow's testicle
whoever bought all of this storage in
the M&S I want it so bad in my office
imagine that like the PB logo and then
like different merchandise stuff and
then you come along and it's like
cameras and then all my cameras and like
editing software and all different
editing bits that I use in hard drives
and staff and tripods and lights and
then that'd be so sick I once thought oh
my god imagination my office but
obviously not full of alcohol full of
like camera equipment and gadgets and I
want this so bad
how can I contact somebody's have built
me this in my office
oh my gosh that I'd be also move all my
merchandise in air gold are shopping oh
damn such quite nice evening oh it's
nice isn't that quite fresh probably
inaudible head in fact go off to Mum and
Dad and to return the pillows end up
buying six pillows today Phil I can do
like a documentary like an interview
have you noticed anything my purchase
that you didn't see that you paid for
yeah a coconut drink yeah my coconut
here we go we've got our genuine coconut
and it comes with like a little stand
for it but I can stand by itself so I
think there's some instructions here how
did that work or not it Wow
I'm here that's it recording there's
already a hole in that or you just push
it through that amazing that's so cool
how's it taste delicious delicious
that's so good you seen this look which
it what is it what is it honey was you
scared of my camera you don't know what
it is look at your little tail Waggin
look it out righty tail hello hello
hello no buzz do you love me more Oh
poppy tell everyone what you just did
with the egg took everyone part
tell everyone so you know the other day
I tried to prank Missouri with this I
think I put it in my daily vlog but
there's no Zoe catalyst and I threw it
and she was like I'm not falling for
that I'm not sure of actually put the
clip in because she just didn't fall for
it till basically mom and dad have like
a rubber egg why do they even have this
crank up on Easter okay so what have you
just done
tell everyone I presume oh you can have
potato salad yeah I want you to come
live eggs Annette as you do so YAG and I
boiled egg and then well you didn't boil
the egg did you you boiled the rubber
egg how do you feel actually and then
when she took it out mom she called a
mom and dad into the kitchen because the
egg wouldn't crack she couldn't get the
light was it go like the shell off of
the egg
she literally boiled this plastic egg
like put it in boiling water waited for
it and it's not as rather difficult papi
did you only have one egg did you not
boil a number one I'm supported why not
in the line on it the real techniques
blending brush oh my god it does it like
that you boiled this yeah she thought it
was an egg like she actually boiled out
and then she called dad in the room
because she couldn't get the shell off
of it that was fake like where they
smolder yeah it doesn't look like a
proper ed like I don't know it wasn't
like an egg I just like a bouncing ball
with this it's like oh I see that bitch
I'm serious it's recording that let me
show them show you the vet guys we're
looking through old pictures of poppy in
Jordan let me see it was let me see some
let me show them some of them okay you
know that one in my cute Instagram look
at that get instagrams as you can tell
we are back home now about to jump in
the bath you in the bath I'm login it's
like a on it so it's lit candles and
everything what products have we got in
the bath let's give them a bath Hall so
I used
what are they Herot double bar let me
see I'm gonna buy Durand what when it
was this made my skin really soft I
think it was my god Oh purple all in my
hand now I mean it was Sakura I am all
tucked up in bed and my hair looks a
little too sexy you ready
I mean be prepared because you're about
to get wild off your feet looks a little
bit too good right now anyways I'm to
put my braces in brush my teeth in fact
I even trimmed all my stubble
they looked wimp does it look good for
some reason I just agreed with poppy to
go to the gym tomorrow morning at 7:30
7:30 don't know why I've gone and done
that but apparently that's the thing
that is happening I hope you've enjoyed
the video if you have as usual you guys
know what to do smash the thumbs up
button subscribe down below if you're
not already I'm nearly at 3.1 million
subscribers in this channel 3.1 already
I think we're not a thousand away or
something so go subscribe if you're not
already and yeah just hope you having a
lovely day oh you having fun whatever
you're doing now catch you tomorrow
morning bright and early at the gym good
right left right left right left you
