good morning guys
it is like super super early think it's
about 6 o'clock in the morning with
Marcus and Lucy marks is incredibly
chirpy and wide-awake little bit grumpy
because he hasn't got a gym session in
yet this morning but I think you said
he's gonna do some press ops and the
aisle on the plane or something it's
already at 2:00 protein shakes Alf is
working on his 61st camera this year I
tried to straighten marks by this camera
that music the moment we just saw it at
the moment in in Dixon's forceout he
wouldn't buy it I think you just said
doesn't care about his videos for you
guys anymore but yeah we're just heading
to Barcelona now update yeah
thank you
here we go irony is where's Marcus way
back there sorry buddy it's taking so
long which for the back always stares
guys oh is it the stairs just met on
people we've just arrived guys and the
way that actually seems okay so far well
then we've just been inside it seems
quite nice for more of our past isn't
everything they've taken our passports
off of us and given us this little thing
if I lose this and don't get my passport
back no go back to the UK I'm definitely
gonna lose it mark where's bluffing my
beard
Thank You Man eater look at the size of
this boat is absolutely mad so big here
he is guys he's back he loves it so much
I've never worn a tuxedo before I'm all
like I'm gonna be like James Bond I let
my hair at the moment isn't really gonna
yeah isn't gonna suit anything this is
our green room for today which is
actually a room that people would
staying if they were on the quiz so it's
actually people on the cruise properly
boxes come to the outside bit I think
he's gonna move the chairs and do a
little workout or something or maybe go
for a swim and we've seen her father's
yeah you jump up there but you're not
got that
I could jump up that what done survived
hey you were anyone for jungle potential
jump touch the bottom are in his
teaching marks and I how to do a dance
but tonight this is gonna film some I'm
so bad the dancing is over yeah I
literally have I've got some food from
every single place possible literally
look at my blade
what's happening this week with market
what did we agree what did we agree man
this is the week where you get your
lashes code I'm not sure I'm ready for
this okay and whatever you do sorry
I know we ever met somebody more
pathetic I'm gonna clamp now all right
I'm not you can you feel I'm gonna you
know if I really want to blink is the
weirdest thing I need to blink can you
even know something little bit more
don't worry we have got our tuxes on
look how smart you know excited okay
they have sped up we going to the casino
to like throw it to go and James Bond
film and Athena we in the new James Bond
film you look so much taller in there
I am doing it than you you always don't
tell everyone I'm not with the same high
now we are about the same height very we
just had to come rehearse the final end
of the show show and it's the actual
final one a couple of little dance me
couple of dance moves going in just sat
down for dinner
look at this view I've got again a very
big variety although I know I'm gonna
smooth this down the shot you're
definitely what this on I'm getting
blinders and
as well
yeah it's a shame I can't offer get the
bitches guys to the hotel room let's
have a tour oh this is quite cost em
I've got two single beds they're awkward
I'm gonna fall down the middle somehow
Oh super heavy camera bag today it's
been long so that has been really really
good it's currently 11 o'clock in the
evening I woke up at half past 3:00 this
morning
to fly here as you saw because our plane
was super super early so I've literally
been up for like 20 hours already and
we're about in 15 minutes about to go
and get some drinks hopefully it's not
gonna be too late overnight I'm really
really last time like Mia Marcus you
guys remember the other day after
Saturday night takeaway Marcus no plan
to go out for one small drink and ended
up being until like 5:30 now I
definitely do not want that tonight
because we've got to leave here at 7:00
a.m. for our flight tomorrow so I really
really don't want to have a big night I
really don't that binnacle slightly
wonky then if you can see that anyways
I'm gonna go freshen up Douma to put on
some perfume make myself look
presentable and then downstairs
everyone's jumping in like a bus or a
coach kind of thing and we're heading
off to the bar so jimmy-boy check the
gate you buddy
he's already on the beer yeah there he
is guys Marcus's maybe already have a
drink and we haven't left yet you do not
want to drink a lot tonight you know
I've just remembered as well what
honestly is that the Spain and Barcelona
starts late so like people don't get to
a club to about 2 mm oh we've got half
like on you we have to leave at 7 I
don't want to be in the clutter right
for I've really done
guys I want to be back tonight in this
hotel room like the very latest if we're
leaving at 7:00 no that's not even cool
that's four hours that's good then you
can see from the coach pan on the plan
and on the club at the right that's the
new gal to 7:00 it's not good
Barcelona is silent like it's so quiet
what the hell doesn't it feel when like
a movie yeah feels like really I could
set for like a hopefully not I mean
serious third I look down at this I had
them Inez they're just empty it's scary
I would definitely not want to be
walking on here alone marks has been
going on and on about this club called
OPM and it just so happens at the place
that we're going to is literally that
you can see open now we're gonna end up
there I can tell
I just want to say
in the rooms next to me I've just got
back now guys the time is currently 327
in the morning I did tell you that I
wanted to be on by 3 o'clock so I'm
really happy I have come home by myself
obviously I didn't get I didn't get a
taxi home by myself that would have been
a bit too scary in another country so I
got on the coach the very last coach
taken tons of people back from the bar
back to all the different hotels that
everyone from the crew of sad and I take
away staying in so travel back with tons
of people however I did not travel back
with mr. more Cui's bubela because he
wanted to go to a club called opium I
don't know we had some like VIP special
tickets bars like robe again picked up
at 7 a.m. tomorrow the last thing I want
to do is to get home at 6:30 and go
straight out and go straight to the
airport so I definitely did not to go
I would rather come back even if I only
get like three hours sleep or two hours
sleep that is better than none
I think that I think that's okay to vlog
I might be chopped off I can't actually
see the screen I am so tired by now guys
I've been up literally I have been awake
but over 24 hours I woke up this morning
3:30 and now it's 3:30
absolutely not saying so I'm getting
changed wasum into my blog I don't think
you can see anything so it should be
okay alright I'm gonna take this back
I'm gonna go and brush my teeth and do
everything like
so I will catch you in a second we're
not in bed I am all tucked up in bed
it is commonly 4 a.m. I'm gonna go
straight to sleep because I've got to be
up I've got to leave my hotel in 3 hours
why do I do this to myself why do I do
this why didn't I just go to bed earlier
thank you so much watching today it has
been the craziest day I don't even know
what I filmed I literally flew Barcelona
this morning went straight to a cruise
ship I've got my bracelet in by the
Wi-Fi sound of a lisp a straighter
cruciate the rehearsals all day 8 food
did the proper live show that was
incredible
came back here like 20 minutes went
straight out for drinks and now back
here and then in three hours I'm flying
back home give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it remember to subscribe
down below don't forget to do that one
dies and I'll catch you tomorrow oh my
gosh I'm gonna catch you like three
hours I don't even know how when a vlog
in three hours time I'm gonna be so
tired but I'm so I'm so excited to see
Zoey and knowledge more I hope I can
just chill and relax and hang out with
Zoey another just I'll see you then good
sorry you're breaking the door you're
not allowed to do that look
