good morning guys good morning I've just
got myself some breakfast and a coffee
whoa today it's been a good day how are
you doing I've just got back from the
dentist so if you've been following
these videos for a while you will know
that I've had Invisalign which is
basically like plastic braces that you
can take in and out that I change every
two weeks and gradually make my teeth
straight I have finished them completely
finished them my teeth are now
completely straight and I also just had
these little bumpy bits taken off of my
teeth that have been stuck on there for
the last ten months or so and they've
finally been taken off so my teeth now
let me show ya there's no bumpy bit look
so that is super exciting for me I've
just picked up breakfast I have got the
wrong dog a tuner and cute it's not very
breakfast is that tuna and cucumber
forget and apple juice a latte and then
there was a cookie that just looked so
good on the side and I said to the man
right be honest with me is that could be
delicious news like it is amazing okay
I'm gonna have to get it then but the
reason why I'm actually at my office
isn't to do any work here today like I
haven't even got my laptop in my bag or
anything with me
it is in fact to come and pick up some
stuff so as you know I bought that gopro
gimbal thing where's like super super
smooth when you I can't really explain
it I will show you later on in the vlog
but my GoPro isn't my office so I've
come to pick this up put that in my
pocket I also want to get my 5d from up
here to take some photos so I've got my
5d I've got a tiny little man photo
tripod there two GoPros 30 mil lens I'm
gonna put the 24 to 70 by it's at home
at the moment and then up in here I've
got tons of stuff like a little light
their batteries there memory cards
iPhone charger charging cables for the
GoPro then my laptop is going to slide
in here
and that everybody is everything you
ever need and then I'm also going to add
the gimbal for the GoPro and then I'm
going to click on the speaker
on the outside and we're ready to rock
any photo shoots
any video shoots any daily vlogs with
artsy footage because I mean I
definitely do that anyways I would just
yeah I'm excited I want to start
shooting wow it's not even heavy I mean
I haven't got the lens in there yet but
that's really not even heavy does it
look ridiculous what does the bag look
like thank you I think that looks not
too bad
all good all right I haven't had a
chance to eat any food yeah but it's
already time to head or come here let's
go let's go let's go Missy come come
come I'm no longer going to London which
sucks because it means that Sam is
flying home tomorrow and I don't get to
see him before he goes but we're going
to hook up soon I keep on saying about
hook up by hooking up I mean using like
connecting as I'm meeting up hanging out
not as in hooking up as in kissing don't
mean any of that not me and Sam anyway
anyways me and Sam are going to meet up
again soon I'm sure I think we're going
to try and plan a trip to Croatia
together which will be awesome Marcus
just arrived he is upstairs with Zoe
we're about to go out and get some lunch
/ early dinner together the time it's
currently 10 minutes to 4 10 minutes to
4 so it's actually quite late already
I'm just engine not loaded the deadly
bug ready to go up by but now before we
go out we're going quite far away to go
and get lunch with into a little town
called Lewis which is a beautiful little
town I think it's a town or village
maybe it's a town it's a town near
Brighton she is so tired you are so
sleepy aren't you but what I'm going to
do little one is I'm going to take you
out on a walk you want to go on a walk
yes you do that's why you go in circles
neither does this thing when she gets
excited for like dinner or breakfast or
walks or simbad something actually runs
on in circles my so harness none of that
I'm going to take out a walk before we
go just so that she's had some exercise
for today and she's not all at home
missing us so that means that
if I take her out now then at least is a
boo back then at least when we're out
with people snoop and look I can use her
new lead bomb wait who sent that
what's this company barber that's the
one thank you very much barber send a
note harness a lead elude Amin coming in
up good girl sit down sit down sit good
girl
can we just another voice from that side
what what can we have some more weather
like this please in the UK it is so
bloomin lovely there's something about
the Sun being out that just puts me in a
good mood it feels like I've just
constantly had like a coffee I could
just feel energized and awake and lively
and happy and I don't know I just never
feel like stressed or anything when the
sun's out I can kind of see and
understand why people move out to LA
just to get the Sun and just to get like
the good vibes that everybody is so much
happier have I told you guys yet that
I'm going to Barcelona tomorrow with
Marcus mark tonight tomorrow morning our
flight is at like 6 a.m. or something
ridiculous and we're going to Barcelona
so by the time you're watching this I'm
already in Barcelona and then I'm
leaving like the next day like straight
away so hopefully I'm going to get to
meet a ton of you guys who live out in
Barcelona that'll be cool ah the Sun
come on you don't need to just sniff
trees all the time come on come on
Mark's here everybody and Zoe we are his
grandad hello was again say yeah we're
in the little town I think I already
told you this but we've come to Luis
which Zoe has never actually been to
except from when I did that birthday
surprise for her this is where it was
but we only went inside the place where
the surprise birthday dinner slash lung
whatever it was was held so well I have
actually got coinage on me here you go
here's for one pound with how many genes
there's - that's quite cheap how long's
that for two pounds three hours for two
bounds in Brighton it's like for them in
three pounds an hour all my batteries
flash in there I got two spare ones here
we go we have come to bills guys I'm
pretty sure this is the
original bills how happy is a delicious
mascot for carrot juice ginger and
orange juice
Sankara oh my god I started right we
have got sausages randomly here we have
got some halloumi bites we've got some
calamari we've got some duck pate oh my
gosh this looks delicious
I've got chicken burger with bacon and
avocado
halloumi burger yes you're happy with
that so happy though you got mustard you
had yourself
I don't like mustard no I'm not a big
must pass out as well is that you've got
new me burger as well and I've already
finished my drink by that all gone
there's a picture of mark on life he's
not happy there's bigger market line
that you guys keep on sharing all around
I know it looks like and he hasn't seen
any but it looks like there's a bird
inside his project he found out I'm
going to put it on the screen now so you
can watch it and now again and then I'm
gonna film his reaction he ever seen it
have you oh it looks good it lets like
new trends where you swallow a bug sorry
snot if I did I found there without that
oh my good leave it alone man
I wouldn't film your reaction
oh my ball is like a demonic ghost thing
like the beat and then there my day look
like an eye that is disgusting is it
like that now yeah this like I'm joking
it doesn't really weigh Trista's I've in
mark tips I'm going to get rid of it I'm
leaving you show everybody how he could
pose for pictures to get rid of his bad
bird mix together lemonade guy as it is
freezing cold although this place is
cool ah it is so cute around here Harry
Potter isn't it
it's kind of like Harry Potter you're
right what they are doing Amanda I don't
think it is Shh divorce houses it's cold
look with a different colored houses
mark look at this oh wait President Lee
Zoey you're in so much cotton let's run
away from her get in the big way let's
go let's run away from Zoey get Go Go
I'm gonna rebel it's gone run away by
the river imagine she's just having a
cup of tea in someone's garden
have no idea who that was she's thinking
cut she's taking the cap of a picture
Zoey you're breaking the law you're not
allowed to do that
look you're not visiting a friend and
even if you are you were not a resident
okay get out of there yeah yeah get it
oh no the music stopped what did I do
so we're back home I've got to go Oh
nearly bad all my fingertips off that
cup was so hot I did know the handle
lemon Aetna call these products so so if
you don't know Marc's hair is literally
the most sturdy thing in the world let
me touch it it just doesn't ever move
you will never ever see much hair
looking different than that where is my
hair literally over like this and it
looks like little different every 10
seconds of the day I have to install my
hair you guys I'm literally sold beanie
saying sorry about my hair because my
hair is such a mess all the time so mark
is adamant that he's going to have to
make my hair look awesome so what I'm
going to do I don't know what these guys
are doing I have no idea what to expect
or how this is going to go in front my
shop back on marks never noticed my
black we have hair at the front before
you can't see as much when it's wet but
like I can see it now you said it yeah
I've gone murder I'm letting mark do
whatever he wants to do but he I've told
him he has to be serious I'm serious I
try and make it look good no will get
hair
I'm scared of this bit I'm scared that
much can accidentally touch my forehead
you know how clumsy I am yeah
no I'm gonna go tomorrow on TV and how
to run burn across my forehead oh no to
him
your face doesn't it to commit yeah
because I haven't done it yet have you
ever used this hairspray before people
did yes the Trez made blue blue and
black one yeah it's really good so
you're not sweeping his across his
forehead like yours yeah oh you are oh
is this what you do to build up the
product yeah yeah and then I do and then
I'll put all the product in and then I
style it with the hairspray at the last
minute oh oh my god I like yeah my
hair's gone the opposite way you guys
normally goes that way I love that
everyone else can do your hair better
than you can do your hair wait John is
like I see it
take your camera is it still rolling
right I haven't looked yet that's one
clogging super low so I can't see it hey
I'm nervous everybody
normally I don't have like ends to my
hair well you don't ever see the ends
does that make sense
a lot of them with yours you always see
like the ends here
toughy bears mind you now you see the
ends there looks cool did I I just look
bored here on that side yeah okay wait
bring it round no because my hair is so
short on the sides of and you go you go
out this side beard there so that it can
come round I'm glad you like it
it's so like Oh that guy's
tonight
then I litter one morning night this is
the first time since I can remember that
I'm going to bed before Zoe like you're
not in what what I've got to be up in
literally a few hours to fly to
Barcelona with more Cui's boot lair with
Marcus with morges I couldn't Marcus I
don't know you guys will know who the
hell is Marcus with Marcus Butler Mia
marks flying to Barcelona in literally a
few hours my car is pick me up to take
me to the airport because we are doing
Saturday night takeaway and it is the
last episode of this season so it's in
Barcelona on a cruise ship and that is
what we're going to be doing that's
where I'm going we're only going for one
day literally one night and then we're
flying straight away in the morning
again so we're going to be there for a
very very very short time but it's going
to be fun and I'm just getting an early
night I think let me check the time
where's my mobile the time is currently
10:50 10:50 and I'm in bed I've also put
my braces in I don't actually have to
wear them except from nighttime now that
I'm done but um that's why sounds super
lispy I probably don't need to say that
anymore you guys probably know that if I
sound lisp it's because i've got my
braces in anyways i'm gonna go to sleep
now because because I'm not even tired
I need to try and get my don't even know
how I'm gonna have to listen to like a
calming app or something and be like hmm
open an audio book or something like
that I'm going to try and go to sleep so
I will catch you tomorrow hope you've
enjoyed today's vlog if you have give it
a big old thumbs up if you've liked me
Zoe and Mark hanging out let me know and
and we can hang out some more it's been
fun it's been a good day as you can tell
I'm not even tired and I've got to be up
in literally a few hours I am so screwed
do I ever tell you I don't ever tell you
guys to subscribe like I get more views
on these videos from people who aren't
subscribed to me than people who are so
if you would like to subscribe if you're
not already I make videos every single
day on this YouTube channel where I film
my life and upload what I've done if you
enjoy that kind of thing hit the button
down below subscribe don't forget to do
that it would be really really nice and
it would mean a lot to me I will catch
you tomorrow night is there is no car
though is this really car but you just
haven't been telling me you've been
surprising me this is your new car look
at it guys
spinning car imagine Ferrari
