good morning guys good morning
how you doin how you were having a
lovely day today is a very very exciting
morning today is an exciting morning
that doesn't make sense
today's an exciting day this morning is
an exciting morning because I'm rushing
off to pop into town to go and have a
meeting about the new office that's
potentially happening in January for me
and Zoey I don't know if I made that
clear before this office is a new
company for me and Zoey which is super
exciting after reading all the comments
in yesterday's video and everyone saying
Alfie why don't you take a coat out
would be more often decided friend coat
out with me today great idea because
it's now Reno so thanks for that guys
just about to head into the first
meeting just walk in at the moment
another good thing got white shoes on
definitely don't regret that see you
later
potential new office meeting complete
went super super well I don't want to
drag on to talk about it too much in the
vlogs because I can't tell you too much
until everything is happening so all I'm
gonna say is things are looking good or
is he doing
I have not been back here in like six
months
I wonder if anyone watching this can can
realize where I am just from that let me
jump up the car and show you where I am
this is open up shut the door I've got
my keys on there this is so weird guys
do you know what this is look this is
the old driveway that's where I used to
park my car there or over there the
amount of memories made in that house
cause it's you just driving past it in
hours I have to pull over and film it
that was the pad that was the original
the original pad I definitely don't miss
it but it was sick it was sick tweet me
your favorite memory your favorite
moment that happened in that house I
genuinely think mine was either moving
in that was awesome like when we moved
into that spot that was that was cool
and we moved house we didn't want to
tell you guys because we didn't want to
make it into a big thing getting
gnarley' I remember being by the back
doors just playing with Nala and Buzz
the first day we got them she's already
trying to find a safer hey pretty little
girl are you doing what are you doing
trying to come up yeah there we go
hey she's a tiny little black pug and
her name is na la la la hey hey yeah we
had so many like cozy cool evenings in
so many fun videos were filmed in there
anyways I need to get going guys I need
to get going I just brought over because
I asked Ivan passed love when I park
literally in a bush that's the goal look
oh this is what I've coming to look at
yeah come into comic shop to look at the
gh 5 but now I'm in here I've just been
showing this that is more similar to
what I'm vlogging on now but one point
for what would you do this or this look
at the size difference it's crazy
I've wanted a new vlogging camera as you
know for literally like the past year
just these runs break all of the time
and I spend so much money by and
replacements that I measure I'll get a
camera that isn't going to break but I'm
torn between two cameras one of them as
you've seen is like this big it wouldn't
be my main camera this would be my main
camera or the small one that I want to
get as my main camera the big one would
just be my secondary camera to keep in
my bag for when I want to get like
particularly nice shots like time lapses
or or shots would like me and Zoe in the
car something just a bit more wide-angle
they can get everything in I've got a
jump on a conference call in one minute
that's why I'm sitting in the car at the
moment and I haven't bought any new
cameras because I've got one minute
until I got a meeting so I'm going to
jump in this call now and then I need to
decide on which camera if I even get a
new camera but I do want a new camera
and we've got tons of trips plan for
vlogmas loads of funds
I do want a new camera I finished that
conference called 10 minutes ago
and since then I've just been watching
YouTube videos on the new camera the
more expensive one that I do really
really want Bush again this sums
climbing on the car
we've got some bad news I couldn't get
the camera I do have to say even though
this weather is freezing I do have to
say that it does just like wake you up
in the morning and freshens you up see
if I had that new camera that little
time-lapse could have looked so much
better but I don't I'm not going to get
caught up in the camera I've got some
quinoa I've got some turkey left over
from my Christmas we had the other day
and they've also got some Brussels
sprouts left over from our Christmas
that we had the other day
mmm got some soy sauce over everything I
even put a little bit of Nando's Perabo
Rob under the turkey we're going for a
deep bow few metres everybody getting
together to discuss things with the new
office of course the most important
member is coming of the team Missy where
are you going that's not the right way
so here's Justin our pyjamas actually
and you have just filmed a video yeah
it shots like this where I can't film
everything because my camera's not wide
enough the new camera would have done
the job I've got a super exciting
delivery that arrived today I showed you
it briefly in a vlog when I was in
London a couple of days ago this is from
Abbey - so he's gonna love this look any
pairs of shoes they send me shoes before
we go to Mum and dad's I'm gonna pick a
pair of shoes for dad to have so dad
beat me the other day as you know when
we play racquetball so I think it's only
fair if I give him a prepare hey these
are your ones the sport shoes yeah so I
got seven pairs you got two pairs howdy
- thank you very much oh these are one
of my favorite I love these so nice
check those out
they're cool aren't they yeah these are
becoming really popular I think they
look so sick these could be good for dad
actually yeah these are really good gym
shoes as well
guys check these out - peace out yeah
that's so cool I love them they're quite
cool though aren't they well maybe I
could give them to that just to say I'm
not I'm not just giving away these shoes
because I don't like them these are
shoes that are actually chose that I
like but seven pairs is quite extreme I
don't need 7 new pairs of shoes of just
so and so I do think it would be nice to
give my dad a pair or two come on Santa
actually exaggerated by like this is so
heavy Zoey won't even carry yet this is
copies of wha-what is that
take that out then oh is that your
little duck box come on you got this
yes muscles we take a moment knowledge
like completely tied me up also yes I'm
wearing this and wearing pajama bottoms
cozy socks and sliders mom and dad have
had all of their house decorated I hope
you've got a present so he bought you a
Christmas decoration dad close your eyes
peons out I got your two presents for
beating me at racquetball only just just
very smart well they have we beat you
even wrong guy no now you've got no
these these are the winning shoes these
runs are a bit risque I don't if you
like these oh nice so some nmds but
they're quite posh smart yeah like
they're quite I think you could wear
that with similar trousers mm yeah and
then those ones are just like straight
up gym shoes I'm so excited for this
how many beans you got they got one
we've all got a way that's enough I
don't have too many buy anymore I'm
gonna explode how much my Christmas much
of you what why don't you buying it all
not even this time poster for your wall
Bobby's crying because whenever she's in
the vlog I don't ever link here you can
go for a poppy on Instagram output this
vlog even link the blog post you're
repping the shower yeah you cannot swim
these ropes you know about to duck noise
that duck noise that you know I because
my video got demonetised two days ago
yeah yeah you say you vlog very
organically organically say it oh sure
everyone's out no follow ads on it
go follow at shore nearly OC go follow
up winners blog buzzy boy you having a
sleepover tonight
I've just been texting a friend
downstairs and I thought poster dogs
with Zoey
up here in bed
what are you doing look at him come up
to bed come on buzzy coming in just come
up to bed come on come on teammate come
up to bed don't be down there by
yourself he's so happy oh here we go
barking at the TV got my braces I'm
gonna go get my teeth moisturize my face
and everything and go to bed if you've
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you're not already I know I
keep on saying this but there's 20% off
of all of my merchandise and three new
Christmas items link is down below go
check it out subscribe if you're not
already and I'll catch you in the
morning
good night guys
