goodbye tit guys it's the morning see
these people having breakfast it's the
morning
fabien I just in town just done a little
bit of shopping got some new gym clothes
Papi's working out hardcore at the
moment but actually nailing it
and we're just going to go some juices I
got on with carrot in it because
apparently that's good for waking me up
scored I am use default carrot apple
orange and ginger also I suggest say
thank you so much for sending so much
love to sound he uploaded to his vlog of
what we did yesterday this morning got
out before mine and it's killer it's so
sick no mine 5:00 p.m. that's good I'm
on time at the moment a lot of the time
I'm never late anymore and Sam's video
what you get pooed on
and Sam's video is kill it so sick it's
got like 20,000 views already since it
went up a couple of hours ago you guys
have shown it so much love so many
subscribers so thank you so much so I
want to go take some pictures the beat
from poppy and then in a few hours and
going somewhere super exciting with Zoey
and you're going to the gym but then I'm
kind of jealous so I want to start then
to the gym now give it a Miss today look
how lovely the weather is look at that
sky it is insane it's so lovely today
yes Brighton isn't Brighton just sick
pot I say in our every video that
Brighton is like the place to live but
I'm actually being serious Brighton is
the place to live
it is so bloomin good writer and what
you do in there building this massive
pole that looks so ugly and now they're
building walls everywhere ruining out
what you do in
yeah it could have looked so much better
than that that looks so bad
imagine having a flat just there now
your view is ruined
well done guide and then gradually ruin
it even more and more look at it what
you do in this is our beach if we are
building that concrete bloomin brick
wall concrete slab wall awesome
what is this is such a beautiful place
the sony amazing flash of amazing views
that have now it's been ruined by this
massive hole so that a few people can go
up and get a nice view Cheers
did you just come to the pier thank you
very much guys my name is Chantel poppy
is asleep
Candice is a unicorn and also some
reason you know earlier when I bought
that orange drink it somehow ended up in
Papi's handbag trying to steal my drink
we've literally like half an hour until
an into the back let's make a tripod sit
there we go
we try the drinks come over here is it
good mine definitely tastes like carrot
and that's here doesn't it they're from
a cool little juice bar though called 42
juice Richard invited I can't go um can
you even see yeah
mine is our just a neighbor
hmm I taste how good - ready you can't
taste the carrot at all honestly quite
literally tastes like a ground-up car
I'm numb every Jesus but parents it's
not my thing
no Gino isn't my thing I do that's not
that bad it's just a bit like it's not
bad but it's like it's not my favorite
drink yeah I get this one all the time
that's trade no absolutely you know
yours is noisemaker oh right there's
actually no when guys are so nice I want
to take pictures I think in the summer
every day we should have a lunch break
you know I've ordered oh yeah we should
have lunch break on the beach so I saw
guys yeah he's on my hand want some
music
why let's put some really loud music on
don't expect musical team hostesses
doesn't care about anything in subject
yeah
only mine my carrot juice is leaking
everywhere I didn't even mean to do that
mission I love it here
yeah and Allah would love it here then
that guy's asleep do that happy a the
other day when it was super windy you
may not know if you're in another
country or if you don't live near
Brighton it was so windy the other day
we had hurricane Katie wasn't it called
hurricane Katie came over to the UK hit
Brighton quite bad there's a lot big
trees that came down and things look at
that person on their balcony and popular
night into a garden the next day and her
whole garden fence is like wash flat
into the neighbors for who pays for that
is it you or the neighbor because it's
about the landlord so ah yeah but is it
the who's Mall is it whose fence is it
because obviously it's both gone beside
okay I've got feeling that is are sighs
I'm gonna have to make I don't even know
how you do something I get under that
place I knew I want some carrot juice
boy it definitely doesn't want any
carrot juice is looking at me like we've
just been shooting a ton of pictures for
Instagram on the little camera down here
with implanting any Christian might want
to test out the settings for the clouds
have been looking like beautiful today
all good all that was here let's go
we're back home now and two massive will
actually one massive and one small
Amazon box has arrived and as you know
as you know I've ordered a tired of
excitement knowledge you need the toiler
is that where you're waiting by the door
there you go
gonna Missy you got side let's see
what's inside what is it all sick ok so
inside this box we've got two spared
GoPro here are four batteries amazing we
have got a dual charger for the GoPro
because if you don't know charge and
GoPros is one of the biggest efforts in
life so this one here charges two at
once I've got my new speaker I will open
that in a minute we are off somewhere
super excited in a second I've got to be
super super quick and I'm guessing this
here is my the gimbal oh yes the new
memory card as well for the GoPro right
that's one box down I'm guessing it's
new micro maths here we go
two little micro mouse for this camera
here so that I can vlog on the beach in
the wind and the microphones don't go
okay we've got we've got a ton of
goodies we need to go out now because
we've got to be somewhere exciting a
four o'clock I will go through all of
that stuff when I get home or in the car
and we've been waiting how long we've
been waiting for this day maybe like
three months two months two and a half
months with this day to come
today we are picking up our baby
oh we're picking up Zoey's new car which
is so exciting so you got this car that
we're in at the moment this minute I'm
in the back Papi's at the problem
selling this minute in 2013 and it is
now time where we can get an up say wait
it's not me it's not my car where Zoey
can get an upgrade so we went in a
couple of months ago and probably got
her car and we basically picked out a
design Zoey's new mini it is again a
convertible one but this time she's gone
for automatic which I'm kind of a little
bit jealous of because this is gonna be
so nice and easy to drive yeah we're
here now at the mini place to come
figured out are you excited oh my god
how would you see there oh my god whoa
I'm so excited I'm so excited to wear
trade-in this one in and picking up the
new one today this is BMW exes joint on
2 minutes but we've to find sorry sorry
I was gonna get one this is the very
last time I'm gonna be getting out of
Zoe's car how crazy is that everybody
knows that this is your little car this
is like these zoella car and it's not
anymore
goodbye see you later have a nice life
we enjoyed we enjoyed our time with you
a lot thank you so much look at this
everybody the BMW i8 absolutely crazy
electric car look at it looks like
something from the Tron movie
here's oh his new car though is this
your new car but you just haven't been
telling me you've been surprising me
this is your new car look at
the new imagine Ferrari then clean the
lenses set right so we've just picked
our Connie to speak we've just picked up
the car I'm ducking down below on
everyone around me to know that I'm
lobbying because we in the place where
we just bought the car from look I call
that the interiors it's also like light
and nice and exciting and zoe has never
ever done an automatic car before are
you driven Louise's mini which is
automatic maybe a little bit then the
man has warned us that it's extremely
powerful because it's a sport so it's
technically like dog with power Oldman
ain't you never I don't mean you don't
need to change gear you literally just
put your foot down it's like a big
go-kart whoo yeah you guys can't see but
this little thing here tell Zoey huh
speed and no one else can see it except
for Zoe we're gonna win to change gear
again
look at this sky everybody that looks
like a photo the acceleration on this is
not bigger and nearly just press the
stop engine button on though each car
thinking it was the stock music button
we need to get you slightly you love
Annette be nice the new camera I tell
you this camera look at that how good is
this yeah this is such a brilliant
sighting day you having a good time
what are we gonna do tonight we can't
just go and just Park this at home and
then what's it like around 3:00 go for a
drive now yeah let's go for a little
Drive now she put the roof up we'll keep
it down okay
whoa bumpy ride man you know how much I
want to try and drive this car guys
automatic let's make me want to try it
so bad that you can't stall you cannot
store you just brake and accelerate this
like a go-cart everyone in America
laughing yeah most people most people in
America and then they call a manual
stick especially if you're if you're
from another country most whoa most
people in the UK drive a stick or like a
they have gears on their car and so it's
just born manual car I've done mean
automatic and so it was born automatic
car which means it's just like a govern
stop crazy where's my doggy there she is
hello baby let's take my shoes off hey
gorgeous hello baby hello hello you
excited she'll give you some dinner
Oh what is this way gonna good girl and
we're back home I've got my sushi that I
didn't eat earlier didn't have time to
go straight off
what is this rogue bit of hair doing we
had to go straight off and pick up the
car Nala you've had your dinner don't
eat my sushi
now I've call it fun stuff to go through
I'm going to go through play with it all
get used to it or the only thing is is
that you know the gimbal does war well
you know the gimbal that I bought for my
GoPro I'm so excited to use it I'm going
like that little TV underneath your
thing and I'm actually you're in shock
the only issue is that I'm so bloomin
excited to use it
where's she parking at but my GoPro you
only go from a half we she why she
biting a bed nother side it's something
maybe she's got like an inch anyways my
GoPros at my studio said studio not
office for the first time in ages I keep
them cool in in office at my studio in
town so I'm not actually gonna be able
to use the gimbal thing unless I go to
town which I could do it's a blooming
lovely evening
I could go to town and go and get it
anyways I'm going to ever play with it
all see what it's like get out this big
boy speaker and try them a new speaker
and an eat my sushi and then I'll get
back to you you still loving your new
car oh my gosh guys
I had to go basically if you don't know
we've got a drive outside our house just
like a literally a tiny little drive to
park a couple of cars and I just tried
to drive Zoe's car on our driveway just
like reversed it and came back straight
reverse and that oh my gosh I want an
automatic car why didn't I get automatic
it is like the easiest most fun bit off
I wish I got automatic anyways I'm gonna
eat my sushi and I'm a playable of this
stuff right I am all tucked up in bed I
still trying to say that every single
night but sometimes I forget so I am I'm
all tucked up in bed as you can see
we've got this little one it was
literally knocked out you're so tired
that watch this you could just do
anything with that you snoring I love
the sound of her little snores I don't
think I could get a dog that doesn't
make up stories running in the way I
don't think I could get a dog very solid
watch we're watching Bridget Jones's
Diary
as I say and I don't think I could get a
dog that doesn't meet snoring noises but
when I hang around with dogs that have
like proper long noses like Martha is so
silent it's so weird but not as super
fit and healthy for a pug so she's not
like struggling to breathe like the
typical pug theories that people have
where they're so overfed that that's
ridiculously like uber weight and just
like struggling to breathe nollet Nala
can run faster than me guys
she is so fast and like fit and healthy
and some of that but she makes such cute
little like noises when she's tired you
do it you do the noises that sounds more
like a pig but when she's snoring she
does like snore when she snores she does
not when she's sleeping she just know a
little bit and I love it anyways I'm
gonna end the book now I was just saying
to Zoey I wish that I had something
really sick planned for April Fool's
I'll catch you tomorrow
I hope you having a lovely day whatever
time it is wherever you are in the world
and your support means a lot to me Zoey
and I have not broken up as you can see
that were in bed
loads of rumors have been going on
Instagram tonight been like they've
broken up check the link in my bio don't
get the link in the bio because people
have glitter on it and it's actually a
link to an app like an advertising
website for fitness and going to the gym
and the person is just making tons of
money off everybody clicking it so don't
fall for it I mean you can click if you
want to but it's just making that person
money and everyone's having arguments
and my comments be like have they broken
up here's a video Alfie kissing another
girl you click the link in it who goes
to a website full of adverts and like
viruses stuff and I don't even know
Instagram people calm your butts down we
haven't broken up I haven't been kissing
another girl there's no video if there's
a video of me kissing another girl they
were doing bloomin screenshots
everywhere anyways I will catch you
tomorrow I love you so much
