there's a coffee right thanks ma'am
you're the best at making pancakes
stacks on stacks good morning guys
I am currently in the car with Louie no
we are off to go to the beach it is a
blooming lovely day isn't it because we
have such good weather yesterday and
then today was meant to be like all
great cloudy definitely not it's such a
good day David sound behind us in the
car behind and yeah we just have to go
chill good to go on the pier do you know
we should play no that again we have to
throw the things that the ting oh you
want to go the right-hand lane or in a
way wait I think they both go yeah
that's fine saying this one's tennis
right sorry you know we have to throw
their beanbags at the tin cans that's
all we need to play we need to get the
biggest cuddly bear possible yes which
is I'm down to the beach to hang out
today chill we've got about an hour and
a half when I I have an hour and a half
until I need to be home to go to a
meeting with Zoe so I haven't got too
long what are you guys up to what you
want take a left just onto these lights
we had such a delicious breakfast I made
little pancakes and misery and stuff
below even through to the lovely maple
syrup is nice was very nice nice relaxed
morning Louie went to bed last night
like six very verse six he says he's
back in the UK physically he's back in
the UK times oh he's still in New York
like yeah even LA his first vlog today
how's your blog going bro oh yeah he
doesn't have one of the little I need
why on this camera
no audio is going to be incredibly I
like to switch back to my old g7 out
I've got my old camera in my bag and
jumper I love it you having a good day I
just be recording a me and he was a
birthday she is wearing one of my
jumpers and we went for her birthday she
was so excited to see me so cute so Amy
if you're watching but I've switched up
on to my old camera because this one's
got one of the fluffy things to
hopefully you can hear me I just met
another vehicle Molly who had my t-shirt
on this is so sick you guys all wearing
the new merch these waves are lethal
literally everyone's going so closer
than having to run so far
yo oh my gosh Sam nearly went for a swim
boy Dave's gonna get here he goes
oh yeah oh I thought it oh my gosh Sam
man you've got this
oh wow they're not even waited I thought
they were all waited I feel like a tin
pan alley basically you have to throw
three little Saturday and we have one to
each right here we go you're a tiger
Dave man you might as well just wait go
drive home good enough you need that
third one to finish off
come on Alfie it's all just the first
hit isn't it absolutely bro be the
minion yeah oh my gosh
what a hit guy on the side he's not
gonna roll off the great man word says
Savage oh oh one more magic hit man
Louie bro your arms are so long just
lean over and just like I think it's
heavy enough to not throw to harvest too
easy to throw it hard
oh my mushroom full of rice
Oh God you got that straightened oh my
god Dave's rolling again here we go okay
that's quite good that's quite good
Oh get that first shot
oh you go forever got one job really one
bang that one job rough one job you got
one leg one left two balls well yeah Oh
Alfie come on mate
so I just launched it what everything
delivered we're super rushed for time so
we don't if we can go on any rides or
not
look at this it's guys no gimbals now
Kim laughs I want it so I've ordered it
so jealous
yeah we don't everyone have time to go
avoid but then we do want to get some
food yes yeah look at the man DJ now
is loving her
look at the man in the beret by everyone
splitting now I've got to go to meeting
Louie's got meeting
Dave's heading somewhere I have no idea
what Sam said I will catch you guys all
in a bit much love right I'll see you in
like five week yes man four till time
I'll see you later
done with me yet so you just ordered
some food and Louie isn't feeling too
great he feels quite ill or some stories
might all come I need to switch back so
I've just ordered him a quinoa salad
superfood salad would shoot potato fries
and a nice homemade lemonade so I'm
gonna take it up to him now forgetting
little tray out there's a superfood
quinoa salad sweet potato fries and some
homemade lemonade touching a bit ma'am
teasing other I won't abandon like a
world trip yeah wow this next month
Larry man you go home go on thank you
we've had quite just a chilled afternoon
Louie has just left us in just sin oh
wow it is not the afternoon anymore I
thought it was like I forgot we had a
meeting lemonade of course it's not the
afternoon Zoe and I went and had a
meeting as well for like two hours
it is now 24 minutes past 8:00 in the
evening and do you know what I love so
much that the clocks went forward
because it means that now instead of not
awaking up a half past seven
I see like laying down on the floor down
there she now wakes up there like half
past eight or nine which is like so much
better it is amazing
Sam is currently upstairs just packing
his stuff getting ready to leave
and Zoe and I bye then What did he say
yeah so basically you know if you visit
the Southie household in our bathroom we
have a book that you fill out when you
go to the toilet and it's asking loads
of stupid questions asked you to do and
doodle ask you do the drawing it asks
you to like say how many minutes you
looked in the mirror for rate the
bathroom rate your experience rate the
vibe right there I don't even know loads
of different things like it's super
super funny and a little PD toy and and
Sam's upstairs currently filling it out
there is a ridiculous list of people
who've been to our bathroom and filled
it out and done drawings who's done it
we've got Joe mark even like Marcy and
Felix
Marcia's filled out tons like literally
so many people popular people there is
loads like people that you wouldn't even
expect to be drawing or like swings
filled out yeah there's people that you
wouldn't even expect to have like a
toilet sense of humor who were filled
out and now Sam's upstairs filling it
out it's a sign that you know maybe one
day I'll show you the toilet Burke
although I don't know and that's the
secret of the house maybe I shouldn't
ever show anybody the toilet book unless
you come and visit then you can read it
how is your filling our experience it's
great I love filling out forms it's like
one of my things I love you I love
crossing this off I love filling out
forms of alarm crosswords he likes to do
ki mmm nah I'm not a numbers man no but
I loved filling out that form
probably don't go in there and read it
in the next outfit out now guys it has
been awesome hanging with you and guys
like like the pointlessblog audience
like all you guys are honestly like some
of the kindest people that like are just
reading the comments from Matthews vlog
yesterday
there has been some comments saying the
people have been pregnant from Sam's
voice so I'm sorry about that if you now
have a baby on the way
sorry not sorry anyway love you guys
peace it up it's been good it's been
real someone is so sleepy look at her
you snoring with your eyes open you
right there she stood with her eyes open
it is time I am tired it is time to end
today's vlog a new vlog I have enjoyed
it you've enjoyed the adventures that we
got up to me
Louis Dave and Sam and Zoe and lose
anyone else
Nullah and tons of you guys I didn't
film that many of you and I said Dave
yeah I didn't film that many of you guys
at the beach but I honestly met so many
of you today
I will appear like the pier is like a
very very tourism hot spot in Brighton
and I cannot even describe how many of
you I met at the pier like it was a
ridiculous it was like it was literally
like a meet-up so if I met you thank you
so much for stopping me and having a
picture as as he lovely get to talk to
you all and so many of you wear my merch
so many happy there's so many as ha I
can't even speak so many of you have my
new book or with you and I was signing
them all it was so cool and I nearly
bloomin did that bloomin shot in one go
but I didn't manage to do it I think we
got down the vlog and yeah anyways I
also thought I should let you know that
please turn your phone on silent western
for login lucidity in like in your
tweets um I said also let you know that
over on the direct line YouTube channel
you guys know that don't line challenge
me to pass my driving test and I put him
in past first time they challenged me to
see if I could pass in a week with
intensive driving course if you haven't
been watching the vlog for long
basically I'm 22 and I only learned to
drive in January and I kept on putting
it off for like years and years and
years until direct line challenged me to
try and pass within a week to do like an
intensive driving course anyways I did
the course it was so much fun it was
hard and I passed within like five days
I passed my driving test
so as you guys know I've been working
with them on some special videos for
their YouTube channel the first one the
day you are watching this right now has
just gone live and I want you guys it
was a challenge basically it was like a
challenge to do a drive-in Q&A with you
guys so I had a ton of fun I was using
the plug-in telematics in my car and I
still am and I absolutely loved it and
it's a really really cool app on your
phone where you can is a really really
cool app and like I explained all in the
video and it basically tells you you
guys how good my driving ability is and
whether I brake too hard or accelerate
too hard or and too slow and too fast
and all stuff it's really really
coilette it's almost like a computer
within my car that like tracks
everything down and tells you guys how
good or how bad I am each thing and I
need to try and get my score higher and
higher feels like a game it's amazing
but it was also like kids to be safe but
actually educates me on the roads and
stuff anyways so the first video that
has just gone live today you're watching
this on their YouTube channel and it's a
Q&A at the same time it's you will see
it you're gonna love the video I filmed
I edited everything like that it is just
gonna live it is answering a ton of your
questions from you so you could be
watching this you could be in the video
you don't even realize so head on over I
will leave a link down below now like
right now right down there please click
it please go over I want to smash you of
like so I want to smash it with thumbs
up alright that's the same thing I wanna
smash it with views I want to absolutely
kill it or when you guys to all head
over and show it so much support and
love it is insane I know how powerful
you guys are you have killed Sam's
channel he has gained thousands of
subscribers let's do the same with views
and likes and comments go leave the
nicest most supportive lovely comment
you can possibly leave on that video and
I will be forever grateful let me know
what other drivers and challenges you
want me to do with them because they're
challenging me to do some really really
cool driving stuff and I've got a got a
couple of our videos planned with them
that are super exciting and I
I think you're gonna like the one that I
just shot and there was also people
walking past me while stylus plug in and
you guys loved when when you see if you
feel in the back but anyways I'm gonna
stop talking about it you guys know what
to do go show it some love and I do
enjoy it it's a great video as I said I
filmed it I edited that I thought it did
I did everything and it's really really
good and it's just cool the app is like
genuinely sick it is to find out if you
want to know how good I am a drive-in
like statistically good it gives me a
rating out of 100 go on head on over and
find out anyways I'm gonna in the block
if you had a good day sorry yeah yes I
will get you tomorrow with a brand new
video and I might confirm some gaming
videos tomorrow it's been a while since
films and gaming videos actually I've
got one gaming video ready and edited I
just haven't uploaded it yet I've not
done that I should probably do that I
will catch you tomorrow with a brand new
vlog I hope you've enjoyed this one give
this one a thumbs up if you have enjoyed
it let's try and smash 25,000 the
support on the vlogs recently has been
phenomenal like absolutely ridiculous so
each one so thank you so much it means a
lot to me I know is I'm just glad that
you guys are enjoying them we've had a
bloomin a few busy days we've had a sue
that's Zoey's birthday we've had tons of
friends over oh I'm feeling good I'll
catch you tomorrow
what
