good morning guys we are back at our
house this morning we've just journey
back packed up all the car and
everything like that but I'm rushing let
you go to tax you bringing me right now
hello dad - man I gave him coming it's
not really it's just like a voicemail
thing so you got his outside well I've
got to go I've got to those three
friends three friends meet me today in
town of my office let's go hang out with
them let's go meet them
goodbye little one I see you see you
soon all right I just got to the office
guys Sam's here hello everybody was
great introduce yourself you have 20
seconds to sell yourself it's like an
interview hello everybody my name is Sam
Evans I'm from Sydney Australia and I
just started my youtube out six months
ago but I do a lot of work on Instagram
I make videos and take photos and have a
good time while doing it I'm here with
Alfie all the way from Australia because
your first time invited as well so we've
got Louis on the way David no no way
that was probably going to be now squad
rolling I'm Louise literally just got
here he says he doesn't know where the
opportunity can't remember
and quite an assemble we just got I got
some juiciest Nick down to the beach
because Sam is brought up in Sydney by
the sea but since Ben in London has we
never see the sea so what do you think
what do you think of the stones it's not
it's not the clearest city it's you it's
kinda reminds me though you said to me
why I'm gonna go swimming when I get
there I'm gonna go in this you're going
to get the suit we've walked up to the
beach views like with the color of the
sees a bit as I hit Brianna yeah haha a
little bit greeny brown so alright let's
grab the keys let's go meet Louie and
then are we going to come back here yeah
yeah
when you create table tennis reserving
it up leave it I go all right all right
Louise just arrived
Hayden bro good it could be bro the web
right early yeah nice and early
it's like 9:00 a.m. we've got a whole
day did I tell you guys that it is like
9 a.m. every single time I star there he
is
Dave zero everybody where have you been
hiding
I don't man yeah they've come for some
ice cream
I got some coffee in there somewhere I
never had one of these way that looks
cool man
to shop Express are and ice cream there
we go yeah your jeans might not like it
we finish up lunch completely got Phil
met we just grabbed copies and stuff
we're bad place and table tennis dave
has been beating himself up says he used
to play for like gb or something like
that
gonna put you guys down here
the winning boy then come and get snacks
with us but don't worry Dave you
I've got your back I got your two
presents put your honor three got your
bottle of water as well close your eyes
and beyonds out jump be grateful it's
gonna be bad no you have to be grateful
this is your favorite there's one no
they got yet as a Molly and here's
another one it's it's more edamame with
the smallest chocolate ball in the 113
minutes until Zoey's birthday vlog is up
these guys are playing an epic game of
table tennis they've even got bags out
in case they need to dive for the shots
we've got the lights out things getting
serious the hips are going Oh No
hey every guy changed up a t-shirt
things getting serious
Dave's just beating me what was the
score the last game it's a like a
fifteen moment 21:15 so we're going for
the MIDI back haha
this is so so this is like look at the
sides of the ball
compared to the back I don't know what's
gonna happen if none of the man alright
the mini bat challenge feel like I
should put you guys somewhere good back
there so you're willing cause I want you
to say hey guys so Sam here and today
I'm really excited to have you guys here
because uh I'm doing my first unboxing
so as you can see here I've just been
sent the package really poorly wrapped
but we're just going to open it up and
see what we got
so uh I don't even know where to begin
really I'm just going to go for it
it's looking a bit worse for wear but um
by the first looks it's pretty pretty
good really well you think no II yeah
it's good nice because you get your free
free my company sent it to you throw
into that so I just like to thank
YouTube for sending me out this package
if they have any more please send
through I'm more than happy to unbox it
I'll see you guys next week
peace out enjoy the adventure by the way
guys
Sam hit three thousand subscribers early
what your head of ten eunichs I get
three thousand dogs and anyone from my
channel watching this thank you as
preciate school and he's going to start
making more videos soon I'm doing my
first vlog too
I'm really excited yeah I am this is the
promise it's going to do if I get a
start by waking Louie up because Louie's
my body will start with a big ol glass
of water on mr. Lewis day I'll leave a
link down below to Sam's challenge nor
go subscribe we'll go show it some love
let's see how many you can get miss
company on 3000 let's see how many we
can get where Lewis smashing that extra
extra hot sauce give Dave some of that
he's going to love it
it's good well go just got home you have
eaten what we eat and sound
tell everybody what we've just eaten
cheeky nandos he was it taking it was
pretty the cheeky smell of my life and
he's got this awesome piece of tech that
I just I'm about to press purchase on at
the moment on Amazon Oh boys let us get
want to look at that cuz I look it out
this anyone try it out and then you
press it there of your thumb is always
heavier than I thought it would be when
we take this off you yes please take the
hot day there and I move that bit there
bit more than January lost and that
moves the GoPro like smoothly and now go
like this that killed it think I've
smooth that footages so you can be like
running through a forest and just have
like why'd you do that yeah and then you
can be on different settings so like
track to you and stuff yes fries are
nice oh so he just gave you what it's
enjoy it there nice go give what like go
film as I secretly felt something like
that
oh they got now so go that was horrible
what are you guys up to
oh my god what what reason that's nice
that's a bright and sweet
everyone is laser project the most oh my
god Hollis I just got ruined as well so
am I so darling my eyes are watering
move oh that was sweet
I know the new care yeah who's up for a
dare how making down we want which wait
which one to the most our no no no it's
not those one win oh my god is it that
one
these are the most sour ones those ones
there do two of those at one use long as
you three they all know that will make
your tongue bleed to put it on the table
yeah sure they'll make your tongue bleed
it's really I think I like it was the
road mighty three on three
just trying to impress my viewers here
where anything can go to a plan
the doesn't whippings you're kicking
them are all agree some of the dusted
you got against the favorites is so
intensive and just like an get till I
could have a roof where it's is it
masculine guys are you try you've given
them to everyone go on go just try
go try your bed no God give it give in
we're gonna get intel on the sound
window well yeah we have warheads as I
yeah and intense
so Louie and Sam are messing about some
editing in the other room
Dave is watching the page with us I'm
gonna watch the beginning no you're
gonna work all of that what you gonna do
well what I want is the nightmares what
I don't want is nightmares so Steve
there's any martes they've just scared
of people in masks yeah this looks super
super scary I'm sorry and I love horror
films what if it do then there's one
night of the year but people can do
whatever they want with no consequences
sounds like that noise tonight bro
that's tonight for us last-minute coming
he's me was it by the way you can't
serve you can stay in your car that guy
send your car outside we've just helped
make his own Twitter account how the
hell can you not have a Twitter account
so he's now got Twitter Facebook YouTube
and Instagram guys I just saw it
do you have to Twitter at the LA like
300 300 if you have to appear on your
phone no he doesn't leave it up the
Twitter our this right way look it's
display pitch up the kids display
visions go ahead you got egg isn't
happening this your egg in the last you
just broken my toy give yourself wrote
yes it's a good lesson
notification emails break no 314 Moses
you need to pick you can't expect them
to follow you there bro you haven't even
got a picture yeah we done lit damaged
with app when your phone
301 oh yeah
sunglasses canine met boys I remember
the day when I was his first follow I
just brushed my teeth and put my braces
in just saying on the bed and everything
Valerie Sam is going to sleep downstairs
on the sofa tonight
Louise stayin in here Dave is asleep
next door already I let you just went
downstairs to get my braces because they
were in my bag and Louie is making a
coffee it's quarter past three and
Louise making a coffee him as Sam is
still editing I'm gonna go to sleep now
because I don't want to get up too late
tomorrow if you've enjoyed the vlog give
it a big old thumbs up it it's been such
a random fun day just hanging out with
these guys I will catch you tomorrow go
through 26 dance
we're all wearing just comfy cozy
clothes
