good morning guys it is Zoey's birthday
I'm saying quiet it's your birthday Nala
is so confused why Zoe's still in bed
aren't you I mean Assembly's going on I
think she thinks or something wrong I
think she thinks is Oh ezel she's not
bawdy she's just have to stay in bed she
won't leave her alone okay right I'm
gonna go downstairs you know say oh oh
she's got room with me so obviously so
we can't come downstairs guys for a
couple of different reasons number one
is that we're still preparing breakfast
and everything and number two we've made
sure that she doesn't come up the
bedroom so far this morning or they're
not as confused and think she's ill guys
the King's arrived happen to be quiet so
he's downstairs
yeah
is exactly so he wanted okay all right
true Ganga yeah it's just a liquor run
it's your birthday you guys yay just
twenty nine today the governor
twenty-nine I'm not twenty-nine
she's not Oh women ACK all right let's
go if this won't be all bed again do 26
dance we're all wearing just comfy cozy
clothes because we want to just chill
and hang out and then have showers later
on yeah going in
good good one no Randy yeah he'd come
down
how's amazing
come I made it early this morning
Amida literally just now that's why
we're late ed to the table by yourself
what are you two doing in the Sun you
lacks in you both sunbathing together in
the Sun oh they're both so sleepy see
you in a bit
right it's cake time we need to like the
thing first
apparently this candle sings happy
birthday I don't know how a candle can
do that but apparently it does Osama be
alright happening ready Oh Sean I'm the
other side of that oh my gosh leave a
date a happy birthday to you
look it up oh wait
it's going crazies kick it off everyone
excess monster burger yeah happy
birthday all right it's time to cut it
open I have no idea what this looks like
inside for me oh my gosh it's deep is
net I'm gonna as you say that oh it's by
dying over there this side of the rear I
like how do you do that no that's
amazing time to try to cake Oh y'all
want to try that bit there as well is it
good is it actually mm-hmm mmm
and the next melted chocolate we just
went out on a birthday beach warp it was
like so windy so windy is absolutely
ridiculous neither deserve a good time
never good talking about they're not on
the blanket what are you doing I have no
idea anyways completely at my
camera probably wouldn't like probably
didn't even make a difference because it
was so windy so you won't even wouldn't
even be able to hear anything
boys we take this off yay so what your
harness on you from the beach
come then leg up good boy and the other
one good boy and your head good boy and
your one go ahead
good girl this is my gosh guys all of
this this looks insane did you make
these earlier perfect yeah
quickly made them all let's quickly
quickly wash this one together look at
that minutes I'm very sure
look how good this looks like fun you
ready to cover your lunch look how good
it looks good do you want a chance to
bring these from home Yeah right who's
going for what this is a hard decision
right egg sandwich
that's what I want as well eggy boy so
that is egg sandwich cucumber sandwich
salmon smoked cheese beef mustard
lettuce ham and Martin cheese and tomato
be happy for the cheese and time whether
it be one everyone s beefs over there
insured us have to go and do some works
he's actually not going to be here for a
half an hour so sorry there's none left
Sean so mad at me alright we are about
to play dog bingo I feel like I've
played this before in a vlog golden
retriever I've got that Blumenau bingo
it's getting close I've got six left
mom's with three left how many left
sorry from venden oh yes I am
no you don't yeah I have five left yeah
picking Asia oh my gosh four left gogogo
my berry husky oh one left Yorkshire
Terrier then I'm done come on Yorkshire
Terrier Yorkshire Terrier Yorkshire
Terrier come on now hold on what's he
waiting for
they always says dog oh the Belgian
second Malinois excellent Newfoundland
no no that's why what is mummy whoever
said thing go fast no I need I need just
the Yorkshire I need to the YouTube lost
its between us the rain yes you since
before okay three gone sorry one no you
have to put your chip down you have to
eat your chip down yorkshire terrier
bingo yeah I came second yeah yeah
Jenny's army and five defeat does
everyone want to know the score so far
we've been playing tons of different
games a lot of love the one-off so
enjoying to go last place fast yeah who
do we think is in last place me right so
in the last place with 28 points Amanda
hey loser last place the more you could
Sugarman I could be like the wrong point
ahead you enjoy in second to last place
me with 32 points Oh Zoe hey in third to
last place for third circle of third to
last place Nick get out of 43 years not
true that is true in joint second place
poppy and a happy and our faith with 45
we've got 45 in first place with Sean
with 61 it was your little night blowing
60 once you've got over double mum the
score so we've got tons of eggs here
every different colored egg is worth a
different number of points we are gonna
evenly take an amount of eggs in certain
colors each this is going to get a
little bit confused and stick with it
now we're then each gonna have our own
room to hide the eggs in you have to all
find as many eggs as you can obviously
the ones worth more points are better to
find but you're not allowed to find them
in the room that you hid them in so
who's got the garden someone's got the
front room someone's got the bedroom
someone's got another bedroom someone's
got the kitchen for example and then we
go three two one we all search the whole
house and find them and obviously you
want to get the eggs worth the more
points you cannot find the one in the
room that you hid them in the positive
with the kitchen is that I can just
watch my mum's hide in hers and we got
open okay again I'm not so I've got this
pile down here to hide I'm going to hide
them really hard like my room is the
kitchen here so I've got an itch which
is good because there's lots of
cupboards and stuff upon in the truth
oh my good guys look at this one why
have you all got shoes what oh she hid
in the garden she was running them in
the garden
mommy won't cheat see she's any
difficulty Hey
she's gone she's in the garden clearly
Lala's don't poo
ready know what guys know which cause
tears this is good yes I've got one got
one I know the camera can't even see got
one shut up you bloody out one in the
bedroom yes you did
I found a wrapper in your bin in the
bedroom a gold wrapper I don't know
who'd ever hide it in here I think
everybody else is having found a set for
miners to left in the kitchen area
everyone is looking huh
how'd you get in there quick someone
else beer in there there's one more you
say he's hot in these cars yeah okay
it's not in this far for the kitchen in
that half of the kitchen
ignore the phone mum you litchi through
the beds over that little you looked all
around there and didn't find you who's
gonna get it first five points that's
the gold yes that's the golden five
points who's getting it first
Oh
puppy gotta buy this jutsu in here are
you serious give me that hey did you get
it I said that my mate oh no I lucky bum
you know to lit up I look in the bed I
look in the bed open up mum's right done
over so on
mum steady was in there I do get mum
open the printer and Sean grab there
there's some cheating going down all
right he kept refusal in last place with
54 who do we think it is me mum 54 is
this over all done the whole game or
repair more are we still paying more
okay in second to last place I love how
the two people that I know is your plane
and the two pieces but they go 59 62
it's only just dead dad
62 sorry
Breana 68 poppy 6874 Alfie second seems
like a happier place
smile it away 87 80
hey Tuesday well we just realized the
food today has been epic
we've just want to picked up a pizza
face or favorite pizza place you know
that and the world's biggest Nando's
it's going good good better you enjoying
about this so far yeah if you feel old I
can see some more wrinkles they're
coming on no no the one knock I was just
about to show you is taking so long to
get both the dogs onto our bed and lying
down right now
how's it staying here lie down mr. good
boy come another come back good girl
come a lie down
good girl I don't even know if you can
get a blankie I've got a good birthday
yeah really good
the best Yeah right I enjoyed the video
if you did give it a big old thumbs up
to it should I we have a birthday and
I'll catch you tomorrow
oh oh I got really really exciting day
tomorrow I said often I feel like my
boxers are hanging out because the
covers not over them anyways
I catch you tomorrow exciting day coming
good now you can't get another go
