yeah yeah doggy doggy doggy dancing look
at yes like your little floppy ears
Missy and the other doggies over here
having some breakfast don't you have you
finished or gone off is gonna go
straight to the bowl and there's nothing
left you've had yours already you've had
your way it is time for us to leave for
us to go no he has day yeah guys we've
got to go back to my fat by the way
vision I've got my head up this because
I look like a mess underneath look at my
hair so we've got to go back to my
family house today also I'm using good
morning good morning guys good morning
good morning
hope you having a lovely day wherever
you are in the world whatever you're up
to whatever you're doing whoever you are
whatever whatever whatever Happy Easter
yeah happy Easter everybody I've had a
coffee if you can't tell already it is
time for us to leave it is actually
lunchtime we need to fill up our car
with our suitcases and everything that
we brought over and it's time for us to
go over to my family house in Brighton
to celebrate Easter and then tomorrow
what's happening tomorrow you're going
to call if you want to hopefully you
won't cry boys didn't say yeah so
apparently Jimmy's hidden our suitcases
which is awesome so we can't leave so
mum dad Papa Sean if we're late
then it's Jim's fault also I just tried
to buy I know it's super I tried to
quasar me a birthday card wife Jim on
the floor dead I tried to buy Zuria
birthday kardon easter egg today because
it's Easter her birthday tomorrow and
I'm literally working non-stop as you
guys know and haven't had a chance to
get that yeah I've got presents but I
haven't got card and wrapping paper
every single shopper set them Starbucks
was closed so I couldn't really get her
anything anyways
Timothy hidden Astor I mean if we
managed to find like 36 Easter eggs for
38 Easter eggs last night we're probably
going to manage to have upon two massive
suitcases is so far we trying to stand
up I'm crushed my dog I like it Tom
what's going on what you doing my turn
oh you're literally getting your nose
Savage my god Martha's like really
getting in there I'm just going for her
on your bum
Brendan all right where have you put
these cases are they hidden in here look
at on space I haven't hidden them
they're not in here
likely your shoes I won't know the shoe
storage like this does Hart's got sick
storage are you fighting the dogs
no you're horrible son are you beating
her up I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you ha he's put them away in the office
all day I sent in your bedroom somewhere
oh you're freezing right now I'm gonna
stay there in here not freezing
look at the dogs nothing here oh I get
bad luck
this is reka Nisha come here you can see
it what do you mean you can see ya he
doesn't run out there oh I see yeah area
this is my thing Ted no you got that
hard my bag oh oh she's jumped out
we're at mom and dad's the Easter papi
how excited he for being but be so
excited for you to give to me I've
already got you on oh well then this is
just for me to me oh my god get yourself
an easter egg
what right this is like alright we need
God says let's finger Dez what the
message says there's everyone's wrapped
there we ever wait you said my head fits
in your teacher Easter car you guys go
too over-the-top were there we have not
done Easter cards so in I went a bit
over the top with the eggs guys you know
those amazing looking ones that I've
been obsessed with in Emma national
Waitrose or whatever we got them one
each one per couple one for mom and dad
and one for poppy and Shawn look Shh
egging soldiers chocolate I haven't
opened this one yet
Zoe's got two of the same I bought this
one for myself
and this is from Nick Amanda could they
know me so well don't open them yet it's
an animal we bought you a bunny three
hey whoa look at the egg my cameraman
had a charged I've just had to switch up
the batteries and stuff look at their
egg pop he's taking a picture this is
just the one that we went for poppy and
Sean crazy and then mum and dads over
here mahua the crazy Israel dad this is
your one nice mum's right
yay mum and dad said they weren't buying
each other drop glare mum always lies
didn't know my son didn't you guys won
you have a rule that you'd only spend
five pounds on each other's online and
then mum just spent like ridiculous
normally man on presents and dad was our
our laughter you did only spend a fiver
on you now it's like Christmas or
birthday one Christmas not after that
wouldn't work
Christmas buzz where your droplet bus we
get your treat coming in you have one
and you have one there you go Happy
Easter guys that's going in order look
at the flumino dad oh my gosh
run the whole year yeah I want to hold
it it's my baby big guys look at the
size of this egg that is there your mum
each all out let me see your one have
you got yours out yet that is crazy I've
been editing my main channel video for
the last like hour and a half it is
finally up and live laptop is closed
my battery on this camera is like about
to run at any second so I've got to be
quick although I do have a spare one up
here
I don't know again if it's got any
charge or not you two ready for some
food Oh before you had this I shouldn't
say that no teasing them a new battery
uncharged down there also I'm glad that
you guys are all liking the new camera
as well so many comments have been super
positive about the quality what have we
got cooked up then jeez this looks so
good let me see your outfit you guys
look so nice really like oh I need some
ears right am i thin here we are playing
tons of different games tonight we
planned tomorrow as well was it just
tonight and tomorrow we're selling here
tonight I look like an egg I look like
an easter egg because I got no no hair
and and we played one game Sean one then
dad then mum then poppy then mum then me
then Zoe Zoe lost
I'm lucky and although I came second
last now we're playing again basically
where you have to blow a ball up in the
air and however many seconds you can
keep hanging in the air how many points
you get we've recorded all the points of
all the games you think young I want to
film dad's go first
Ready Steady Go
knowing the point this is exactly so
that was earlier oh my gosh Rock another
girl reserved it that's it
one go that is it go
I focus in life I don't know no no no no
whoa go oceans how long hello 600 call
off the eggs I haven't done it mum we
got be laughing what - gasps no you
can't get another go
what made me sure that was only eight
you shouldn't look at the bull sure what
is the winner by god I felt like that
was like 30 seconds
I am others go home mom got mom got sick
seconds so he's upstairs a moment just
go into bed
she's leaving a book we'll decorate them
downstairs my birthday tomorrow morning
God presents that's one gleam they're
quite happy birthday signs past midnight
we've got a couple decorations left
you're three more to go they're all of
this side is done we'll get this out
happy birthday
all of this some of her presence here at
all the table you excited now it's my
last birthday this mummys birthday
tomorrow
Shawn and I just blew up two of the
biggest pools ever right see in the
morning
actually I may as well in my voke down
here because I don't want to go upstairs
and wake her up so I hope you enjoyed
the video I know it was a short one just
enjoyed the day with the family I'll
catch you tomorrow give the video a
thumbs up if you're excited for Zoey's
birthday good also go check out my new
main Channel video I'll put one up
tonight with so much in the toilet
good night you're getting to tap my two
dogs I've got both of these two yeah
you're getting attacked by two Brian
Asian snaps us
