you'll get it at my to dog I've got both
of these - yeah you're getting attacked
by Tom Brian Asians now to us three good
morning guys good morning or morning
everyone
in the afternoon I'm running the
illusion you're all I if the guys even
the beginning it's like 7:00 a.m.
we've got super early to film a video
for you I'm joking it's like lunchtime
now we've had a productive morning
though playing with the dogs and
everything about film you know what I
played the voting game the other day in
a vlog because this one here it was find
out who your friends are
well I got sent by the owner I think I
shot I think I told you the owner the
game sent me they're not safe tonight
Jim join up with the cameras and
everything from a video and we're gonna
film them not-safe-for-work version
hopefully I don't know how not safer
like is I don't want the video to be
like an 18 plus video now do I
so I had a video that was um that was a
description as long we worked in no way
it was age restricted although you might
was at the waxing bubble is that the
puck the puck in pubes
so the waxing bottom having his all
multi-channel hey it was hot I only had
a few seconds of your bum in it but
we're about filming out all four of us
it's going to be going up would the day
you're watching this so go check it out
hey G actually I said hello and like we
just tell me what I didn't know I just
feel with me going around finished up
filming the main Channel video went
really really well
it was quite rude look at these three
bottoms oh and this little one here they
filming filming snapchats
and stuff gnarly you having a nice
cuddle with Tom's bum are you
you stink going all the liquors facing
just go to the market
go to the market and then maybe get and
on the spot so wait you go to honest
burger it's so good that's the poppy
used to work like for five months yeah
it's oh I've never been
oh my gosh should we go well you might
have time oh oh yeah I might have time
okay now uh let me get my thing don't
get picked up at we why is always near
let's have a look well we can have a
quick look around the market let's go
over clip get a quick bite to eat have a
quick and then go to hell someone that
wears wear why do you have to work today
why can't you come cuz nothing awesome
just suck off ITV they'll never you're
not that sorry Jim CUNY to get a muffin
you got the bad deal you're getting a
tap my two dogs I've got both for these
two yeah you're getting attacked by toe
Brian even snap to us three by two
angels did you say yeah oh no there's
one
Jim you having fun there no brothers
mother tongue is talked about my nostril
very fun I mean I am oh my god let's
sleep up here yeah
you ever seen that film my garage no I
watch those films do i oh no it's gonna
say if you don't want to remember that
time your own place are your old old old
place it really great we tried to we
tried to watch what's that program
Breaking Bad Breaking Bad oh yeah and
then and then the body with the bar fell
through the ceiling
Tom Jack I'm gone yeah and I felt like I
couldn't tell you guys I got a scary
stuff back then so I was like I'm really
tired just gonna go to bed then went out
to bed and have to watch like trying to
calm me down the court friend Jimmy's
gonna have another shower a zombies with
no teeth
Martha do I mean notice neither my
facebook uh Marcus getting mobbed
always girls get those pictures
tonight on the show there's something
super exciting happening we've got to
wear suits for it like proper I've never
even wore one of these before and I've
got a tie as well but I just took it off
now I've never worn a Oh perfect
let's get I've never worn a waistcoat it
looks good man
excuse me ready for a wedding yeah it's
really good no I like it
that's gonna not take away today is an
hour earlier than usual so I couldn't go
fly for the others we were just about to
leave to go out and then I jumped in the
car and came straight here as you've
seen someone's text me and we just have
been having some lunch now from chicken
noodles and that they've got dress
rehearsal in like 20 minutes
are you oh then let's got a good one
allow us yes Roy yes
I don't know how to show you that I've
just had let me see it okis might I've
had my hair and makeup though my
eyelashes just got cold so can you see
that you see that curling impact
anything hotter they said that it opens
me up maybe look more awake
Marcus was too scared to get it done
Nolan was the harder to do it no no
shoes he said that he needed it done
then he was too scared so he's going to
wait until the next episode of the next
that's my coffee who's almost not which
way that's my coffee bro
divorce adjust had delivered some katsu
carries which I'm surprised Marx was
eating all this got rice are you
promised so you don't need bro you
haven't had a carb in about three years
from Vulcan fun he honestly has it and
this show is finished how did that go
Marquis Bucky Butler school Oh upon
sinners hello mommy Marcus is
incredibile still don't come to me bro I
was at you sound back there I was it
sure is awesome yeah whatever - any
second buildup
the show was awesome yeah though is
really people just got another married
with both we just went to awaken readers
when the winner we just literally went
to a wetlands in my life 2010 did I even
vlog in our suits I don't think I want
to know sue no guys we went to a wedding
though it was fun it was cause emotional
we were sat next to like I was sat next
to somebody I think it was like
grandparents and they were armed and so
excited I was thinking I don't even know
the people whose kidnapper a beat I felt
bad if it all get them in that Don's
watch their first dance it was called
we're now off because it's the last show
in London the next show is in Barcelona
on it baru's by the gabbing on Vaqueros
I'm on on bone so we're now after gonna
get a couple of drinks to celebrate
everyone that was the last one in London
or in the UK and then next week's
episode is on a boat in Barcelona so you
guys from Barcelona
come and say hello to us alright sounds
I'd like to say yeah come down to the
motors hello to us no come I think so I
come to the boat and say hello if you do
in vice learn that it is next weekend
without Saturday no yeah see you there
goodbye dressing room the last time
we're gonna see you good bye baby Marcus
has locked me out
right hey someone shouting for me hey
hey I can't see you very well
should we come down okay I'll see you in
a second
honestly you should start a comedy
channel you're so funny
you got to bro you've got three don't
forget your gaming channel you've got
three can we go down and say hello to
those people okay you ready more key
strong boy no you're coming as well
hello I said we'd come down how you
doing I'm back in time your engines
these three all jumped up like I'm dead
attire thank you
alright John early in my vlogs right
turn I've got challenge
I just got given it Easter Egg bye
lovely view outside ITV yeah I don't you
to eat it for dinner no I wanted to
really puddin are you I am
no Jimmy I know what time the thing with
Easter egg look no I should be something
guys doesn't matter I've discovered a
lead doesn't Martha look like the
penguin from Wallace and Gromit she look
like a delicious I just say she stole
like the pointed she's very like in her
head she's plotting bad thing yeah she's
rich she's up to mischief like she's
just reading about your room no she
didn't did she
associate impression I know that no that
was just because I wasn't here you've
knocked out by the way as well I'm just
cool I'm just it's tough it's not the
new thing to do yeah do you have to do
not do that that's what you need to do
right the time I want to eat a bit of
this but it's still together so I want
you to crack on your head for me that's
how I always do it it's just great on
your head yeah you have to headbutt it
I'm not stupid it'll say why don't you
do such make it that's what you have to
do left it just head butter just go like
this on your head I know you've done
your head
no no no they because then you'll be
cracked tiny to do it I can feel that
it's already separating no ignore the
little separation laughter three two one
please you're okay okay ready yeah
dodge it hold all of it like that and
then you go yeah you don't yeah you
don't do it Martha's head no duck just
like no no I'm Arthur's head no go do it
on your own head Dutra again if it
doesn't work then we can do a mind with
your my head
you're on June 10 Oh guess this is how
we fight me sure it's always been the
way canal system is no there we go is it
done yeah so I don't need to be turning
in hammer
let me see it's not that one that now
takes me away oh yeah we're doing Easter
egg hunting but let me know he's big on
the screen would you each I can't we
need to order some food where we order
them from as always you're in job I'm
not in charge okay to start with an easy
guys it does just banged her head on the
wall so she's asked some frozen peas
let's divvy who do this we'll do Todd I
can't find you any frozen peas only
legend one draw so yeah I got you
something good ready for some bleep oh
my god if you'd have caught on your
vlogs I would have gone viral I swear
tomah's lay down here and I put Martha
on her head and she tried to move out
the way that it is that make up there on
the wall I'm being serious serious there
was makeup on the wall I just wiped it
off on your head
imagine if you'd of course cetanas
taking away my chocolate I'm not allowed
to eat it until until our foods arrived
never pop you guys in here coz I've got
because I need to show you and the soul
liquid I have no idea what it is
apparently you put any I haven't I
haven't tried it before
and apparently put on your ol so how do
I put it on teeth just on my finger he's
a clean one so the r-la watch my finger
first yeah what you think that oh you
can scrub it just keeping that sign okay
and then we don't MIOSHA I've got two
really big ol there and now okay so
yes oh that's good imagine go yep let's
train together is it gonna really help
I don't know how bad your ulcerous yo-yo
it makes my mouth water like just slider
everywhere okay yeah that was like a
peeler where's all this delicious food
then oh my god come to the table Oh
which looks amazing look at all of that
where are the doggies we go on in there
hi hi hi mash all right I died not
amazing right it is yeasty egg jar
basically guys we're doing a yeasty egg
hunt not an Easter egg hunt a yeast egg
Hut no joke about you do normal Easter
egg hunts so the egg hunt it's an easy
time being serious
the waterpocket of Saturday night
takeaway and like obviously sauce all
the stuff I was like yeah next episode I
really need some Yeezys that were like
no no no um anyways I don't know how can
I turn this music down
oh no like don't want to get copyrighted
anyways guys we have got between Jim and
I we've got 16 least 19 let me know
we've got 19 Easter egg cause I have to
hide no 19 - yeah and the gals if hidden
look at your bra my blogs are
newspapers are gonna love that one I
didn't bring a new bra with this outfit
I'm afraid so it's got boobies out
anyways but they've hit in nineteen
yester eggs downstairs where I did
another nineteen up here then we're
gonna switch and see who can find all
nineteen the quickest we got boys versus
girls Easter egg hunt
who is Todd and good at stuff like this
just do it let's get hiding yeah don't
touch my brush please right
we I did just kiss cameras I don't know
where to bloom Annette within a hide
this one I asked Todd and I said to
Jonathan I think out of the box and she
went no you're not allowed so blooming
it went Jim why should we hide this one
wait or let's hide the ball really high
because they're both really sure
oh my gosh listen super funny yes based
on you put on in a good place
oh please put what up there look at this
one we are the best idea let's go so
good you're not right I've no idea I'm
there so we are about to try and find
the girls eggs now this inner ovaries
way they've it in 1908 hi nine months
leave it they begin
19x you ready to go find the gear it's
been timed one go go go get good well
they are you get out in the bathroom
yes hopeful it's hopeful
jeremy time i got one i go on another
one Wow that's three I got another one
is that you so messy I think I ain't
Vegas kitchen there's not the one in
here yes but one in the prawn yes we've
got another one yes in here I don't even
know what these cupboards are Harry
Potter you in there I got big lad Jim
wavy look I don't know dan dan one
behind here Oh 11 why in this house
after you like in Greenup yeah Artie
another one it's another one I'm missing
their mothers did cook the daughters
faces for well Oh Jimmy mr. squash you
can't buy can be like a feature how many
we need four more
I haven't nobleman idea whatever is it
ha ha tell me look at the doggies hey
Mike I can really messy survivors pop
your nose what did Tom like doing
permanent candles I play together yeah
is this huge I thought as we get it
straight away why me why not your
husband
cuz you already pre-wash and hazards on
this lemma net oh yeah yeah
okay yeah yeah 11 minutes okay Leavitt
jeez you're gonna do it quicker than
Maplin are you ready good good that is
going to be a lot easier because I
chicken sing up here
wait wait wait wait wait no yeah bless
your eyes okay good go god
no you have to put it on the table Tom
what yeah there's a ghost novel is like
what is going on oh no I'm not a new one
they these guys are gonna smash it
they've already got a three or four
they've got all in 24 seconds
I know how did you get that one John
that was my lucky one at the time
digging to find aunt on get in there
every time talking Taylor spider yes dad
I know yeah so for in 24 seconds you
found a fifth one in one in two seconds
so your average is slipping what's your
on seven now there are nine in how many
is one minute thirty one seconds one
minute thirty one that's much easier
there's just no clutter or drawers in
here
I know found the one o'clock okay right
right
did you check all of these time okay oh
yes God to this thirty second when
there's a memories Birkin hi
oh yeah you got you good at it so you do
not have ha
gosh does the least a thing I've ever
seen I'm surprised you got that one 11
12 13 13 go five more right I've got
five or six more how long I've been in
it three and a half minute see the
problem is is I can't bloody see right
I'm going up like this oh my gosh
cows found all of theirs in just over
seven minutes
and we took just over 11 minutes now the
only issue is that we're still missing
that one egg that Jim and I had is a
cream egg apparently we've done the math
figure out what it was yeah we have the
raw in the deal up here anyway there is
no like cupboard some places to hide
your lumpy I know other
yes I'm not going to it nice mess so we
done a motive hidden it there's still
one cream egg missing did you have fun
yeah good we won
so we have so much fun I'm Annie tonight
now sweets um yeah which one you're
gonna eat we've caught of ours down
stairs you've brought up yours up here I
think I'm going to eat part of oh just
an egg egg
I want a little bit one of those rabbits
the limp bunnies oh sorry Nana hey miss
you sleepyhead
he's like where's my team coming easy
big Jim's like me can't rest until the
egg is found you'll find it the biggest
adult on Saint LPD you can look at this
cuddle I'm saying Alfie do you care
about the egg gone missing yeah
oh yeah little bit dragon with snatcher
I won't they were gonna lose we were
just trying to impress you guys that
they want in or even eat in their
chocolate imagine how a marathon
training going really good
how's your health EG government are
bloating hell knows i mean it's neutral
already messing about on snapchat at the
moment trying to record videos in
reverse walking backwards do an activity
back pepper though you don't
so basically try to fall over we're
trying to walk backwards fall over and
the karen walking backwards it looks
like we're walking forwards falling over
and carry on walking you don't even ask
me why story full forward slowly give
every gang up so when you go when you
get up that you're going down yes you
need to come up really fast and like
flay around i just tried it looked awful
okay
boy that could be good you know that
could be good oh yeah that looks so good
we've got a slow-motion fighting scene
in Reverse being acted out
I'm going yeah kind of been asleep on
the floor for the last 15 minutes guys
I'm gonna head a bed see in the morning
Jimbo I see in a minute but head see you
soon
Nolan that one I'm tired I'm just gonna
end my vlog a little for my phone
balance not there to give me some right
look how good that lighting is Zoey good
look at that it's amazing until it's
just an iPhone god I breathe it in
somebody said to me today outside ITV
they're like Alfie where's your braces
why don't you put them in I was like
damn it you caught me I haven't had them
in all day the thing is guys I've just
got two really bad oysters at the moment
I think it's because I keep on taking my
braces in and out so much so I need to
just start leaving them in I really
really do anyways I hope you enjoyed the
blog if you did give it a big old thumbs
up my main channel video has also gone
live tonight so go check it out who
you've enjoyed her he loved it it is a
little bit rude it's a little bit on the
line so so let me know what you think in
the comments I will catch you tomorrow
which is Easter is Easter morning and
then that after that is Zoey's birthday
from a neck we've got a good couple of
logs coming up I will catch you tomorrow
good no no where's mommy where's mommy
where's she gone
