no no where's mommy where's mommy well
she's gone where is she no okay okay
she's taken your head right now like
calm down hey no yeah on your head hi
guys
got a new camera today cuz my name is
Alfie I like a new camera every day
fridge full of how does it look can you
can you see my hairline any better can
you see my individual freckles on my
illness any better it's probably really
annoying helpful I've had my makeup done
for today's shoot out for his game has
done he was showing this new camera
which has a screen that flips out on the
side
you can see how if you're looking from
left to right a lot now I TV look at
Isaiah Davy I don't get to go through
air awkward intro did you film on my
camera baby I honestly I thought you did
because I switch each little face really
when I walked in so we're dressed in
some very serious attire about to get
helmets now because we haven't had a
motorbike race throughout the studio
it's going to be cool
Mark's is the most competitive person I
know so that obviously is not gonna win
no I don't think you're gonna win which
means if you lose you're probably gonna
cry
love is the goal
the course is absolutely ridiculous the
start line is here it goes all the way
through the studio everywhere and then
overloaded bumps overloaded like jumps
and stuff under a bridge all around the
outside and finally finishes onto the
stage
and I think it'll ones lips oh my god
that is in their fashion could have
reversed it because they're going to hit
outside where hopefully awaiting them is
the Mulhern mall
oh yes just outside of the items that
might take away Studios know what we do
it
logo this new blogging camera doing a
little experiment on your ear sciences
right I haven't actually told you guys
we are about to film a video for Joe's
channel I've no when's it going up like
six weeks in and farm they even have a
video for son oh it's night in tonight
so I know you were laughing at my
vlogging camera but come and check the
room yo right for about filmer is it
means re at the same time yeah I think a
ton of youtubers are involved in it yeah
and then we're going to go tiny Jim's
for some dinner we're here now both the
doggies are here they've been hanging
out together haven't you oh hello hey
how you doing trying to track me up for
a dog when you see this nook and make it
jump million its market wish in my heart
you enjoying that happy go enjoy ghost
era what's that noise no it's not that's
bull penis that's Martha put it in Joe's
mouth add some cherry Nets
old peanut why would you want to eat
that love them I am so tired I don't
know why I'm so tired you've got one
little sleepy dog on me here nothing
little went over there those never know
a punk coal of a how happy moment today
has been a weird one I don't even
actually know what I filmed I've just
done so much different things I didn't
even stop I don't even know if I've
started the blog I didn't ever say good
morning guys I just started this morning
in bed and then it cut to ITV
you had a good day Jimbo how's your
training going you don't know everybody
Jim is training for the marathon like
for the actual marathon so many very
badly
basically ten minutes of Anita's good
luck in the for our weapon so we were
talking earlier about how long it takes
the average person or did you take four
and a half hours and then I said Jim
that sounds like a long time man how far
can you run ten minutes when is it among
eight less than a month and check them
like Jim to run ten minutes I say ten
minutes is not he tells me at the moment
as many as done that's about the same as
me but just because I'm out of breath
I'm being serious though she's doing a
lot of cross trainer training
I like the cross trainer I like a lot
more no no I did 27 minutes for 5k and
maybe just 30 minutes and I was like
that was my limit how far can you do in
three hours we on the floor did Martha
just do a cheeky little way maybe it was
Tania Todd did sneak off up to bed very
abruptly
is it a warm way yeah guys today has
been very mismatched so let me let me
say what I've done so that if the blog's
been confusing you know what's been
going on so we started off in Brighton
we drove here then I got in there too we
were here for like half an hour I was I
go in a taxi to ITV to do some recording
for Saturn and I take away then when I
finished that then I take away I went
over to Joe's place and cordis and stuff
for Joe's new video then we came back
here and we've had dinner oh I forgot to
film the Dinos pizzas they were
delicious and then I just fell asleep on
the sofa tom squad bed
Joe's just left now and it's just me
Zoey Jim and the dogs left the doggies
are hanging out together making friends
also for those of you who have been
asked in the hoodies they're coming back
into stock I believe in like a week
we've ordered them so they are coming
back in but obviously I need them to be
made like that to the hoodies to be made
then I need to get them printed like the
logo and everything on them so they're
coming back they're taking a little
while but there are still tons of other
stuff in stock the scientists are going
incredibly quick so got one of them if
you're one of them they all signed by me
and yeah there's still hoodies still
necklaces still everything else like
that they they should all start arrive
in
the only thing that makes them a little
bit hard for the delivery at the moment
is because it's Easter so it's half term
but they were meant to start arriving
today or the day you're watching this
but because it's a half term the postman
and delivery gets a bit mismatched but
they should start arriving all your
staff over the next couple of days it's
that's exciting I was just about to go
to bed and I've gone on to Amazon to
just look at my book reviews and there's
five one star ratings there's eleven
five star ratings which is absolutely
lovely - thank you so much if you left a
five star rating and I'm glad you've
enjoyed my book but and there's five
one-star rating so I saw maybe people
aren't enjoying it but all of them say
they enjoy the book but the reason why
they're doing it one star let me read
one out for example feel bad for giving
such a low reviews Alfie deserves a
million stars for his effort but they
gave me a one star but I'm very upset
and disturbed and annoyed that my copy
was not signed this was a present for my
little sister
guys the Amazon ones weren't all signed
all of the signed ones the signed copies
I gave you a link in the description to
the signed ones they were on WH Smiths
and waterstones
I told you guys that in my blog I said
I'm also gonna sign a ton of the Amazon
ones like just whenever I can but I
didn't say they were all signed I really
really made that clear in my vlog so
going on now to see five one star
ratings for something that I worked
super hard on is quite disheartening
because they're all saying like that
they loved the book all of them are
saying that they loved the book but they
didn't get it signed and this one's I
enjoy your 10 pound 49 Alfie she say
it's hard for this and although she
likes the book she's very sad it's not
signed and Boo and like tweet and I had
a mum tweet me a minute ago saying
hashtag all about the money and I'm like
what it's not all about the money at all
right if you guys know how much people
earn from books
it is like pennies books do not make a
lot of money I promise you that and
seeing this kind of thing is just super
super disheartening and upsetting
because I really really made sure that
you guys knew which copies were signed
in which was
because there were separate links in my
descriptions of the videos when there
were signs so I'm sorry if there's been
confusion and you ordered a copy
thinking it was signed but it would have
said signed like the ones that were
signed if you go on the website it says
the scrapbook of my life brackets signed
by alfie deyes
and obviously the ones in amazon didn't
say that so I don't really know what to
say except from you've ordered it from
the wrong link thinking that it was
signed when it wasn't signed it didn't
say it was science so I don't really not
say so I'm very sorry that you're
disappointed that the book turned up not
signed but that's I can't I can't do
anything about that
I signed thousands of copies like you
saw and I left links to the signed one
separately to the links that weren't
signed so I commonly do anything about
it I'm so sorry and to the mum that just
left the review saying I even tweeted
him twice and he didn't bother replying
I get a lot of tweets a lot of tweets
every evening and I don't I don't know I
can't read all I can't possibly read all
of them so I'm sorry that I missed your
tweets I just replied back to another
mum about it now I just wanted to clear
that up because I don't I don't want I
don't want loads of argue 1 star ratings
on my Amazon right right whatever you
think the quality of the book is and if
you enjoy the book then leave the star
rating in respect to that anyways I'm
gonna end the vlog down here because Zoe
and dollar asleep upstairs
time to sleep me and JimBob are still
hangin out now I will catch you tomorrow
if you enjoyed the vlog sorry to end it
on like a not a negative note but just
like a little bit of a moaning note
because it's just upsetting seeing so
many 1 star ratings for even though
everyone enjoyed the book or the goblet
so I loved the book my daughters and I
enjoy the book it does after million
stars but it wasn't signed one star you
didn't order a signed copy anyways if
you enjoyed the video if you enjoyed the
motor-racing if you enjoyed us hanging
out and everything like that give the
video a big old thumbs up to let me know
I will catch you tomorrow
oh it's fully asleep now
