good morning guys good morning today
it's a blooming exciting eggs you know
what two things number one my book is
officially out for me today yesterday
for you and number two I have five
million subscribers what the bloomin
heck is going on in life five million
subscribers and a new book oh man Jebus
Oh Maddie's and today I'm off to London
it is like 7:30 in the morning maybe
actually Dussel is about 8 o'clock in
the morning I'm running late I've got a
car waiting outside and then that put on
my shoes and head to London should we go
should we go
boy I always leave my sunglasses on when
I come inside so I've just arrived we
act this morning to go on the TV it's
blooming freezing in London today guys
like oh I need Chris Gloor I nearly just
stood it not going anywhere it is so
cold today in London and I stupidly
didn't even bring a jump up just what
this on no coat nothing is it alive is
that real yeah another one over you're
not holding it very well so like panda
it's all good given control of Amanda
can you teach me how to do it is inside
this is like little clock safe above you
should here
lies how are you I think yours is alive
my one this one is not life
this is cheap that's how much I can be
the smell
we should some yeah look back
oh it's eyes yes I found there and then
the next one the one the left side ears
got it see oh yeah
usually my own complain that's right oh
it's fool asleep now there we go and
just got control its Bob listen let's
wake him up the chance for 70 weeks it's
like barely honey any words in it now
Alfie deyes is loosely the scrapbook of
his life so this is it here and what's
great but I'm here from the number one
best-selling author first of all we've
got Lynn on the line good morning -
Lynne I am kind of a PC what would you
like asking and basically for the
artists and we want you to the recruiter
and you can have whatever you need there
and Penny keyboard you can youtuber oh
wow um I don't really use anything like
specific you know I just use whatever is
available and I always have done so any
sort of Canberra any sort of scream
coding software and just make sure that
you have that as much fun as possible
making the videos so
is it yeah right she finished up on this
morning that was super super fun I
didn't even realize that we were going
to be taking some live phone calls from
you guys so that was that was really
really cool as well now to be able to
get me to radio on quick enough I'm
having to jump on a motorbike on the
back of a motorbike and how oh here we
go
if it is
but that was absolutely sick literally
the quickest journey in the world so I
didn't film anything beforehand we've
just finished up and I'm currently
wearing some literally some kids pants
like boxers
and I'm soaking wet did you enjoy it I
enjoyed it but I'm so uncomfortable
right now down below and now we've got
walk through the office to go away yeah
like walking I'm wearing their toilets
amazing everything is finished and done
for today pres wise that was so much fun
literally just got absolutely drenched
wearing like little boxes and oh my gosh
it's now raining which is amazing I
don't have a jacket or a jump or a coat
or anything and also I don't have to say
this move public so they've also got new
boxers on
nothing at all oh that gorgeous be so
good at boxes and sure netted you at
nice as you were what
oh my gosh caught naked in London
anyways yeah but no boxers on and no
socks on so so I need to go and buy some
that's what I need to do so I'm just
walking at the moment now the reason why
I haven't got any on it's because the
yeah the reason I haven't got any on is
because they got soaking wet so I had to
just throw them away literally I
couldn't even get in my bag I didn't
have anything to put them in so I just
threw my boxers away but now I'm going
to go and buy some Anthony socks so
Toronto shot for Zoey's birthday
impossible I have no idea but I see how
everybody guess who I am
look at my fringe what is that little
bit doing guess who I'm with can you
guess you guess wrong it's literally
Musgrave you never guess what I've just
bought oh one sec swing at my arm I just
bought a new vlogging camera it's not
something as big as Louise look at the
size of that clipped onto his leg but
it's a little bit bigger than this one
I've never ever seen it before I just
saw it in the shop it looked good in
there I'm impressed
I'm very impressed the quality looked a
lot better than this run but obviously
you guys can let me know it is this
little guy here it is called the g5x
I don't know and wait can you hold that
set you on this one I'll hold on this
new vlog us and if the screen flips out
sideways that is it all see it there I
like that there is yourself so right
okay so I'm going to switch over to the
new one let me know what you think about
the quality what do we think of the new
quality I think it looks good yeah
look at that crispy are we nice and
sharp I think that it's good we're
currently trying to find another camera
shot for Louie also I need to get some
of the little fluffy things for this
camera obviously because they don't have
it on this one we need to get Louie and
new lens yeah these get my new lens
we're going to a camera shop now another
camera shop these all look unbelievable
so they know what to go for
there's so many good ones look at them
all yo here he is editing this video
with his little mushroom noodles they
look good man they look really wet for
some chicken I've got really bad ulcer
and they were spicy chicken wasn't going
to work out well this camera quality
looks insane okay so good got myself a
coffee and it was sandwich as well we
just arrived for dinner is your
still has edged in tonight's video
almost no way yeah yeah probably will
probably be up at like 2:00 a.m. in the
morning right
they're currently out for dinner we've
just arrived now this place looks great
it is basically well it's good surface
and there's bit to be like you need
surface access up around the guy on the
door got like a top hat and make those
are like the air to remember is based
Dave's here as well he's just going to
the toilet and we're celebrating
Millions yeah mazey minimum wage
everyone have you been man good man yeah
I'm since 1 million not really while ago
now nearly 1 million yeah beside here
let's steam in a way we've got a
charge quite cheeky little gin and tonic
yes I'm gin and tonic what have you got
man what's places like the craziest
tropical virgin cocktail the naught is
up kayak pina colada
you know pina colada is right when I my
favorite drink
yeah like neighbors traded me to go for
apparently our whole time like these
Zippity said don't give us one slice we
want the whole block I think things
about in real the lights will dim down
ordered our food this performance that
stop they join us I perform in show them
your dog I know I know toxic dark cannot
inspire these boys what more we
interrupt your regularly scheduled
program you understand dear fellow
citizens of Gotham City I get in trouble
for your precious dynamic duo
Louise just got the biggest finish -
rossabi delivered he's going to smash
some of that if Louie doesn't will you
be
I can't even do any of that I'm so bad
job agent anyone know about wasabi
because that is killer that's too much
you know put it on my sushi yeah
you know all they know about breathing
fire
here we got going in yeah yeah yeah here
we go
how's that man yeah we're off now why's
that was so much fun that place to sit
so shows you thank you so much thank you
Wow
see damn it man good seeing you see you
later buddy see you guys soon bye
just got to the train station now
hopefully there's going to be a train
home sometime soon it sounds like my
train is in two minutes there's like a
million people walking to get on it
hopefully get seats fill him in oh sorry
super busy one I just got home everybody
that was pretty good train journey you
know for London to Brighton the train
was on time it took the right amount of
time and then there was nobody queue at
the taxi event because I'm right at the
front of the train sir all good
look what has arrived whilst I was in
London five of my limited edition books
like I legit I promise you when I say
this I can literally like show you guys
the receipt because as I told you there
is only 500 I legit ordered these myself
all five of them I've got my braces and
if you think I soundless be all five of
them form Amazon just like everybody
else left number fifty-four and it's
signed myself obviously I wouldn't sign
my own book that's a bit cringe this one
here is number 351 like these are all
just numbered like I legit had to buy
these off Amazon just like you and look
liquid has arrived the voting game not
safe for work edition I'm going to end
my vlog down here because I don't want
to go upstairs and wait there's only not
well are probably already am because I'm
speaking quite loud let me know what you
think of the new camera I think it's
actually pretty good quality like I look
here look how crisp that is how sharp it
is I really really like it let me know
what you think of course I've got to get
used to I've got to play around with the
settings I've also got to get used to
not looking over here because the screen
is on the side on this covering that we
could show you and this come here see
the screen is on the side normally the
screen is above so it's not as obvious
rather than if I look here then
obviously it looks like that rather than
like that see the difference right I'm
going to show you the difference you
ready that that that that anyways you
get what I mean oh my gosh my head
literally looks like a nest on my head
I'm going to end up we've had a super
super productive day the motorbike was
absolutely awesome except the driver
wouldn't let me stop for pictures of you
guys
as I was leaving our TV I just I said to
the driver wait I just got take five or
ten minutes just to say hello to
everybody outside the studio and he was
like we don't have time I've got a
really strict sent you'll get on the
bike now I was okay but unluckily most
of you guys came over to BBC and a
hundred of you guys at BBC afterwards
for ages and had pictures and hugs and
chats you all so that was really really
good anyways I'm going to end up down
here give the video a massive thumbs up
if you enjoyed it if you enjoyed this
celebratory 5 million subscriber
underneath over subscriber evening then
let me know tomorrow we're off to Jim
and Tanya so it's going to be some
really really fun couple of days and the
blogs what else have I got to say yeah
that restaurant was bloody cool was now
like so so awesome it was cool like
circus and he was in common garden I
don't know go check it out go take your
friends that is amazing and yeah I'm
gonna end the blog thank you so much for
watching good I'm definitely working so
you're not up there not really awake
then bloomin are now net my book this
scrapbook of my life is officially out
like it's in stores is in shops it's in
