hey guys I just thought I'd let you know
that this vlog is two vlogs mashed
together because I lost my camera for a
bit so I couldn't edit one of the daily
vlogs then I found it and fat Zoey found
it basically this is two vlogs in one if
you enjoy it let me know and here you go
good morning guys good morning good
morning how you doing
I'm currently letting Zoey style my hair
today so oh yeah it's like oh my gosh
it's like putty no it's like you're
putting my hair up my bloomin skull so
we've been looking at pictures of me
from 2014 I'm a lot more tanned my hair
looks a lot better
and whatever you decided my eyebrows
look better so we're going from a
makeover this is how to make over nipple
Amanda hurt it's so painful I'm gonna
hate how your hair feels with this stuff
really I think they're not feel good
well really hurt it looks good like it's
giving your hair a lot of like I've got
a really big meeting today in London
with somebody you guys all know and I'll
show you until you once they get there
from I like to film it or not why is it
look so dark don't know what you do with
this fringe bear do you bring it back I
don't know I wear a hat half the time
mmm whatever that it's that's not what I
normally did no maybe you do need a bit
of length awesome off just this front
there just this bit I'm going to get my
hair cut tomorrow guys and I've also
decided that I might I might put some
fake tan on what do we think should we
faked her me tomorrow
should we have a proper transformation
tomorrow we get my hair cut pluck my
eyebrows and OH
Tan yeah have you finished it's not bad
I mean it is come and look at it in my
camera look at this look at it it lit
you up what like a ski slope on my head
you're saying it's not that bad
if I is if my over hairspray in here why
because that keeps you in the position
yeah but it's not that bad I've got the
winner jerk no you haven't
you have the aspirant for the groundwork
hairsprays for when you
the cementing naw I'm about to film a
new main Channel video and I can taste
it and for some reason decided to let
Zoe do my hair before what comes we are
talking to our happen
no I think I've done it really well do
you think yeah it's quite up is now
that's how I like it looks so nice oh my
god I love it
you think yeah they kind of see it in
the camera you show them let me sit down
and show them but that's how you used to
have it you used to have it wide you're
at I think once I do like this kind of
style but tomorrow once it's a little
bit more trimmed then uh yeah I think
you just need to take this oh yeah you
need to take like all this off up to
like the top of your ear
I feel like this length is okay and then
a tiny bit off here but like I'm saying
the tiniest bit if I'm speaking weirdly
today I've got the biggest also in the
back of my mouth over here and yeah
that's so bad oh my hat you my hand why
just hold my hand that's so gross yeah
Oh like horrible jao hello if you pluck
my eyebrows are you sure yeah we've got
time I don't know let's go to London I
feel like you should probably film I
will do your eyebrows when we do your
task I really don't want to yeah what do
you guys think about this time I think
you have around your dad I just think
like Leon Leon where's gradual tan yeah
Leon busting West gradual town I don't
know if he wants people knowing that
though Oh everyone knows now I'm bad
pluck my eyebrows I don't think you
should do it I don't think you should
ever do it you do it happy guys do you
think sort of preening themselves like
this most I bet you so many yet everyone
watching this all the guys will be like
why is he doing that secretly they all
do themselves they just wanna meet it or
they just get the girlfriends or sister
to do it we're getting to the point now
where it feels like we're plucking up my
brain but they're not so I get some oh
my gosh did you feel without one I hear
air I didn't feel that I feel like
you're literally making me more stupid
as you do it what do you mean you're
pulling out my brain cells I can't
handle bit
on there I have to be the bits I have to
get ladies and gentlemen it's 2014 happy
today how have I done your hair better
than you you've done my hair like you
used to be yeah no that's crazy I like
it you know think I'm happier better now
I need to fill my new main Channel video
the only thing that worries me is you're
now going to ask me to do this everyday
that's why I just said to you now I was
like you can just do my hair everyday
no yeah I need for money main channel
video now although I don't know how much
time I have before after need to go to
London well the lights and the camera in
the next room so you better go and get
them girl got the camera we've got
lights we've got my my camera woman
today she's just done my hair and makeup
for me to the hair makeup artist camera
woman house it has the setup going yes
good just need to get a bit more height
on here because you're quite toys II
even got the little dog you down here
watch in mind you or not oh yeah let's
put the fairy lights on what side is
that this side I'm going to put the
memory card from this camera inside this
run so it means I can no longer vlog
I'll see you in a sec and we are back
I've just finished film with a new video
on all of this set up here I even use
like a new ring like today so let me
know once the video goes up it would
have went up yesterday for you let me
know what you thought the lighting
because we tried out this new fancy
light that Zoe bought and it looks
really cool I think I haven't obviously
edited up the footage yet but from from
what I could see it looks super cool and
balanced you let me balance you there
for a second just whilst I get my laptop
and everything together get out of here
I need to head to London so bad I've got
one hour and one minute until my train
leaves I need to go using lunch watch I
cook it at the train station probably a
better idea to buy sleepyhead
could basically be heard I'm not sleepy
right I'll see you each one I have no
idea what song I'm gonna be home I think
I may have perfectly timed it today I
think I've got about nine minutes until
my train let's hope the trains actually
here and that it's not another bus wise
I'm going to be so gutted whoa
today has been productive guys we just
filmed
video done okay love it like that Megan
where people just just get this ticket
which I got my braces into my son little
bit this me today
and they even got time to grab a coffee
and a sandwich and a cookie now just
walk into the other side the terrain not
if we're going to say it today you guys
know exactly what I'm doing boys hit the
stairs I swear I've loved walking
through here nearly on a daily basis at
the moment I'm coming to London so much
and I'm trying to come less and less
that's the thing I want to be spending
more time at home with Nora and Zoey but
if some reason had to keep another
meetings in London for though today is
preliminary exciting we've got such a
sick meet I don't know if I'm going to
be allowed to tell you anything that
it's about but you might be able to see
who's involved all right let's go let's
get going guys I just had the loveliest
driver in the world just chatting about
YouTube and giving celebrities that he's
driven because he's duel at all of ITV
like this morning and he was so so cool
when he said he's going to check out and
watch these videos so hi if you're
watching your cool driver just taking
his number down as well so that if I
need to go somewhere else I can give him
a call and come pick me up right I'm
just heading into this meeting now I
will catch you my hair still holding out
from this morning yeah it's still up Zoe
Zoe nice Romano hair stylist wait what
am I putting is on inside that's weird
oh you can see my nipples that's so
awkward here we go guys is a good shot
for the blog look at that it's mr. Big
Ben hi it's time to catch a train back
home I'll explain to you later what's
gone on today
me trying to vlog Tony vlog here just
going to fight station
I was the longest train journey of it
was meant to say 55 minutes took 1 hour
20 it was so bloomin busy I didn't even
get a chance to edit my main channel
video so annoyed hey let it go on hmm
excited to see daddy yes we had a good
day yeah I kind of haven't explained to
these guys what's been going on so oh
these are caught I've seen these from in
ages yeah I am
I thought I was going to vlog the
meeting today let me tell you who it is
right
tweeted already whose ribs you probably
already know so I had a meeting tonight
with Jamie all of that that I thought
was going to be about half an hour
because his diary is like nuts all the
time he's at the the busiest man in the
entire planet but we ended up just
chatting from like 5:00 until 7:00 but
it was in like one of his offices in
like a kind of like a cooking studio
kind of thing so I didn't I didn't want
to film because there was so much like
paperwork and documentation of like
stuff that he's working on around the
place so I didn't want to film anything
in case I film something I wasn't
allowed but yeah I just have a proper
proper good catch-up plan some exciting
stuff with him and yeah that's about it
then my train took like 9 million years
in the way home because I don't know it
just stopped you know in like trains
just stop and then there man's like
we've just hit a red light or a signal
light or something so we're gonna be
here for a little while
cool Cheers and now back home you
haven't eaten yet have you I was waiting
for you and then oh no ha ha don't sit I
put so bad so Zoey was waiting for me to
order wacom on there's not realize yeah
but you hadn't realized that I don't
eaten he literally told me when you were
in the taxi on the way to the house that
you didn't want anything I'm sorry I
didn't know you were waiting for me in
being me I didn't know that so I'd
already turn on the train and so he just
tried to order for my grandma's and it's
closed I'm sorry I have I have offered
to drive and go and pick one up
obviously can't ask why no the only
thing is I don't know if I'll get a
ticket for pulling over and running out
and even my car are you ready
you ready to sell delicious your dinner
is yummy
oh here I'm all tucked up into bed I'm
gonna end the bill quickly just finish
watching that program about the trial of
OJ Simpson I've no idea I fell asleep
I'm gonna catch you tomorrow thank you
so much for watching today good night
good morning guys good morning we're
starting the blog blade although I have
done a lot today I've been helping
zombie film a ton of actually knows one
new video but just super super
complicated can I show you them anything
you can any hints but I'm not going to
show you anything else there's so much
going on this morning we've got camera
here with a new microphone that I've
been filming on we've got all of this
good stuff you can probably guess what
the theme is can't yeah
do douche right I see in a bet goodbye
I love your jump it looks so sick look
at that I've got tacks outside I'm
getting this mop on my headshot from
training on the sides not like super
short on the top long on the sides
that's what we want it oh I'm going bold
and my hair is officially all trimmed
and cut look it up it's still quite long
on the top short on the sides exactly
how I saw one today so we all get all
happy it's funny actually because I
haven't told you guys yet I tweeted
about ESS you may have seen but I'm
going to the Batman vs Superman premiere
tonight in London and I've invited my
hairdresser I feel because I know he's a
big fan of stuff like that to come along
tonight so he was just cutting my hair
now and then I don't man yet yeah
anyways what was I saying yeah
and I've invited him along to come
tonight which is going to be cool so he
was cutting my hair just now and then
tonight then we're going to jump in the
car and head up to the premiere but
I kind of don't have an outfit everybody
has been tweeting me telling me to wear
a suit I'm not really the suit man
I don't really wear suits unless it's a
wedding that I have to wear a suit it's
just not really me I've tried it I've
done it before a couple of times I mean
I like it I can feel like the part but
it is a big effort wearing a suit you
know
so I think I'm going to try and find
like a nice jacket or something like
something special but just there isn't a
suit that's the aim right now I've got
I've got about an hour to find it and
then an eg at home and edit the daily
vlog finish editing the main channel
upload them help so film a video beside
me then then I think I can head off
I don't know update guys so we've gone
for that shirt also grabbed her shoes
well not tonight they just the shoes
will do Devdas I couldn't not do it so
we've got a chef tonight the only thing
I'm finding hard I just can't find a
jacket anywhere that's or anything so
now I'm gonna try AllSaints and then I'm
going to try briefs they're my last two
options okay this one could be good
that's quite a nice track isn't it guys
I think I've got everything I've got
jacket t-shirt option sure option and
new shoes I've got so much explaining to
do as you can see I'm currently in a car
I'm in London the driver and my friend
Phil who is my hairdresser as well and a
boat both just gone to the toilet pulled
over we're about 20 minutes we can get
into the premier I was planning on
wearing a suit this morning I don't even
know what I filmed what I haven't I was
planning on wearing soup put the suit on
it's bloomin stain on the arm is such an
expensive suit and it's got a stain on
the arm so I need to try and get that
out like professionally so I couldn't
buy that so I've ended up wearing very
like smart casual shall we say so these
are the issues I think I feel my so wine
them some like it black smart shoes I
got brand new black
smart jeans on I've got a plain white
t-shirt and then I've got like a suede
jacket my friend Phil is looking
incredibly dapper wearing like this kind
of material suit looking really very
sick he's got like
bigger beard as well I'm currently
uploading my video and the struggle of
internet okay so in the car on the way I
mean feel feels all dressed up lifting
all smart looking good and just driving
in now not quite sure where we're going
by your side
make sure you can buy to fit you alone
Oxygen's I wasn't had to come the
carfare which is all bloody
caterpillar omelettes over the gamma you
know you know us today no is it good or
Villarreal go down he doesn't know
what's on top of my camera I don't even
know you don't know what it is
I don't dead car I have to explain this
every single video it's a flaw yet dead
cap the mic friends under 8 minutes but
it's uh it's distracting this I like
this if you're vlogging out and about
you get no wind
that's very true maybe I'll interpose no
you call it down now you bring you
just like what that's true you said what
the bloody hell is out I know but I just
what we can suffer look a nice guy here
as well I don't even talk to him he's
just on his phone he's missing a
sociable person like me I haven't been
on a post blog vlog I'm thinking eight
months so we didn't really throw the
house fast because tell me when we got
here and see the real you spacious said
rather grave his eyes man I'm getting so
much bigger now from working on I don't
know why I want to do a big reveal
sleaze he's so does body transformation
body transformation Marcus he's been to
the gym about 10 times
he's just mystery man how much bigger
here tell me
my muscle that was a job yeah if you
guys want it oh we need to go down that
I don't usually look Marcus
I'll meet up the film is over guys I
really really enjoy they're here with
Louie and Burger King well just try it
order that they don't have it they don't
have any water water Burger King they're
like trying to coke is dead now they do
have veggie burgers which is good yeah I
didn't get better I got two chicken
burgers I'm flippin hungry did you enjoy
the film
yeah it was very good this it's the
first time I put on the red carpet
premiere or anything it's kind of weird
these are your first rectum I hope so
funny man today has been long guys and
just Coralie Hoff of 12 in the evening
looking in on us away oh there she is
hey Lana are you doing baby
hey turn the corner hey we had a nice
evening with mummy so I'm going to try
and compile both the videos into one
which kind of makes sense because I was
allowed to film the red carpets in
today's vlog wasn't even very long for
you so again I'm sorry I thought I was
going to be like filming it but because
of all the horrible events that went on
in Brussels this morning and they said
there was no filming it out on the
carpet because of that so understandable
and I wanted to respect that by not
filming I hope you enjoyed the vlog or
the mismatch to vlogs put together we'll
be back to normal tomorrow as usual I
hope you having a lovely evening a
lovely day keep doing what you're doing
keep smiling keep being positive keeping
happy but then when all is gone I'll
catch you tomorrow give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed that all I
might have hit 5 million subscribers by
now that could be crazy
not wait why did I just like salute I've
never done that before
good night oh did I might as well get
liberal Oh mm-hmm
oh yeah his eyebrows didn't Ted Marcus
gets an asking for more and more
