good morning guys give buddy how you
doing hope you're having eight Oh what
lovely day kick it off the day with the
morning backflip okay let's get going
let's get do I need anything from the
office before I begin no I don't I don't
if you've seen yesterday's blog you will
know just how exciting today is one
thing I've just realized that we haven't
got some gloves here's one is the other
go got three pairs of gloves where we're
going I know I can't say that I can't
swear at all not even a little bit in
yesterday's video the actually it wasn't
yesterday's videos the day befores video
myself and Zoe said the word SH I T got
demonetized I had no money from that
video at all which is fine like I don't
mind that be in the old video but it's
crazy that my video that YouTube took
all advertising off my video just for
saying the word Shi T anyways today I
should update you on what we're doing
because it's a bloomin excited today let
me show you all my keys this little key
here this small one is the key to a
woodland that have recently invested in
like I actually bought a woodland like a
forest I bought it's got a little river
it's got like a little island with fresh
garlic gorman on it it's cold and I
haven't been there since I got the keys
like since it's actually mine obviously
I viewed it before I purchased it but I
haven't been there since it's mine
today's the first day that's happening
me and daddy going over yesterday if you
saw the vlog I bought some they kind of
like BB guns but they're like air rifle
gun I don't know basically you know wait
I left the target at home that was close
so nearly left the target which is the
whole point of shooting targets the
whole point of buying the little hand
pistol things anyways that's what we're
doing today I'm super excited this is a
big day something that me and my family
have wanted to have wanted to do for
literally like 10 years we've been
looking to invest in a in like a
woodland because my dad was brought up
in the countryside it's said that he
loves I absolutely love as you know I've
been exploring the woodland and outside
and stuff like that with Dave on his
land if there's anything any ideas that
you guys think that I could do on the
land whether that's get like a really
cool heart whether that's get some quad
bite I don't know whatever it is whether
it's like grow some cool plants do some
cool solar power kind of thing I don't
know there are so many of you guys that
watch these videos there your
suggestions are always amazing so
suggest suggest stuff I need to get
going now I need to put the camera
weights need to go pick up my dad one
more thing just put the camera away if
you're part of the LBW Club the like
before watching Club smash the video of
a thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already these vlogs are about to get
better and better long videos tons of
effort and tons of top and put into
every single video christmas is coming
up I've got some awesome videos planned
for Christmas in fact talking of
Christmas there's three new Christmas
merchandise products links down below
they're nearly sold out guys so if you
want my for Christmas if your nan wants
one for Christmas if your dog wants one
for Christmas grab one down below and
everything else 20% off 20% off of
everything go and enjoy I'm gonna go put
my dad up doggies hey hey you bought
another one mom and dad looking after
him for the day
I think someone's jealous about unlock
the gate for the first time open the
gate
glad we bought the Range Rover they're
not the mini not the Nissan Figaro I
need to put my boots on it is a proper
woodland have you seen my boots that
I've got you're gonna laugh what brand
are these good some the easies no I'm
promise look at the hill easy season 3 I
wanted to respect the woodland and go as
one with nature so today I'm dressing as
a sheep here's officially one of the
gates to my land it's not really a
proper functioning gate yet it's more
like a little barrier but it's a start
it's a start there's two of these I sent
her on vlog earlier because you have
bought up in the countryside dad this is
like Oh nearly fell over yeah I said I
said that this is actually something
that we wanted as a family for like ten
years
yeah and there was a few others that we
nearly made offers on like years and
years ago but they just weren't close
enough this is such a good distance from
our houses your dislike some water down
there oh we've got a flood on the land
everybody don't really know how we can
resolve that or if we need to resolve
that we just embrace it that's where we
owe my gosh imagine if we bought some
ducks check and we could buy a go yeah
and just let it chill on the land okay
listen up we've got some swamp pitch
going on don't worry I've got the big
old boots on
that's a big deer through there oh
there's loads of them did you see them I
wanted to move yeah I don't if you guys
managed to see that or not but there
were three or four deer in Woodland Oh
again
this bit down here is where I want the
hut going there's like a let me put this
down no we need to get someone to come
and check if that bits gonna go soggy or
not if it ever floods but that bit there
that curve that dip is where I see the
hut going so this is the little river
that runs at the bottom and that's an
island there in the middle and then on
the other side is another river oh
there's only railing on one side if you
fell in that's a million views for me I
love I'm just thinking about the views
this is the proper River if you guys
will remember me and Dave a few months
ago came and walked around here and sat
over there and I filmed all of this
before anyone knew that I'd bought a
woodland drive even like made an offer
on the woodland we need to get a rubber
dinghy and get in there we need to look
at it imagine getting in a little rubber
boat and just floating down the river
guys no no dad dad is too there No yeah
did you see that I told you guys this
was going to be savage be careful
something doesn't fall out your pocket
let's draw backs over here
oh yeah last time
oh no guys no oh no my shot was too
powerful we're not getting it today I'm
just way too strong oh crap
you'll have to come back another day
with a hook on a rope or something you
get it no we can get a twig now with a
little army bet you'll fall in how can
that apart for the guns are being says
we need to be careful I thought we were
we both stood and watched does it just
tumbled in Oh be careful I'm your father
oh do you know I'm not gonna get it
because it's full of water yeah that's
so ridiculous we literally watched it do
it who got the most shots to each we
don't even have a winner
well the pellet guns are going away
we've got no target to shoot on a
positive note guys let me know you've
seen some of the land now let me know
where you think we should put heart
where you think we should put a zipline
way enjoy good dad's literally like
being serious though quad bikes a really
cool hot what else could we do a tree
house yeah of course we could there's a
massive tree down there on the on the
island
wait hot guys that looks like there's a
walkway I wanna kind of a look and see
if someone's living in there I might be
worth meeting
oh shut up not the clown from air dad
did you hear that swear on my life
swear a deer just ran out of there no I
don't really want to go in in case it's
some one case it's a deers home I'm
gonna have a little look but can you
comment down below if this is the kind
of spot where deers live look bitch like
a deer nest kind of thing in there dad
but that's a deers house someone's
ringing me who's ringing me Zoey
yeah we're meeting there at like hop us
three two and half an hour dad and I
just leaving in a second I just found on
my land I just found a massive like bit
we're all deer live
that looks interesting yes like a little
tower though I'm currently looking at
rescue dogs on my phone there's a husky
there needs a home she knew but this
this isn't helping this is making me one
this is making one another dog sent me
my starter looks incredible wow that
looks good
amazing that's good what are you looking
at oh my gosh a German Shepherd Wilbur
Marty
dogs trust look at this that I've just
found are you ready all I want in my
life the healthy brownie thank you see
you at home
farewell goodbye I am so full up that
was so delicious the only weird thing is
that Zoey
obviously drove hit like we met Zoey
here mum here so mom drove in her own
car which is cool because now she can
get dad a lift back to their house but
obviously Zoey drove here separately to
me so now means oh we've got to drive
back home to the same place from the
same place separately what your bets
that when I opened this door Nala was
waiting 3 2 1
la baby hello hey hey hey should we go
get a toy and play about this one look
my new vlog is just gonna live although
I haven't been able to go on it yeah to
read any of the comments which as you
guys know it's something that I do on
every single video I'd love to read your
comments and especially on tonight's
video you're gonna wait nicely you're
gonna wait good thank you girl
especially on tonight's video because I
spoke all about my vlogs becoming longer
my vlogs becoming more like the vlogs
that they used to be before I just got
stuck in meetings all day every single
day and today I've been planning some
really cool videos to do leading up to
Christmas I beat you by so long ah thank
you I missed you today
I missed you feedback on the new vlog
has been so awesome that's so so good
people in love in that the vlogs are
gonna go again people I love it that I
said sorry about my hair guys in
yesterday's vlog which I didn't think
many people would remember but
apparently lots of you do and also when
I go into bed in yesterday's vlog that
said I'm all tucked up in bed and people
are going crazy about that as well
what's there working on lots of new
merchandise designs and new merchandise
stuff coming out soon because if you've
gone on the quaintest or website you all
know that pretty much everything is sold
out grey t-shirt notepad black phone
case white phone case and a pee-pee
necklace so those things are all in the
sale 20% off literally right now link is
down below and there's also three
Christmas items as well which is a
signed Christmas poster Christmas pop
socket and a Christmas Happy Holidays de
ye-es phone case so I'm working on tons
of new products tons of new designs it
is so hard not to sit here and just eat
all of these I mean it's not too hard to
not you though
not really that big a fan of quality
streets compared to heroes that these
are like when I'm working out I eat so
healthy and I literally don't care about
chocolate or sweets or any bad food at
all but because I'm not working out at
the moment at all I feel like this I
mean this isn't that what the right way
to think about it but because I'm not
working now I'm like my body isn't gonna
look rich I'm not gonna have a six-pack
I'm not gonna have muscles so I might as
well eat chocolate that's not the right
way to think about it but that is how I
think about it whereas when I'm working
out I'm like no chance
I'm really trying hard at the moment so
I don't want to eat bad food but as you
know I do want to start working now I
altered all that gym equipment all of
its still like the final update I mean
there hasn't been like a final finer
update but the latest reply I've had
about my gym is it's not looking good
pulling the equipment that I ordered the
thousands and thousands of pounds that I
spent on gym equipment has gone the
owner of the company who owned the gym
company the older to whom all my
equipment through the company shut down
and I lost all of my money as you know
ordered new gym floor and I think
tomorrow maybe even tonight actually no
it feels like it's about 11 o'clock when
that clock says that itself was 12 it's
not it's currently 8 o'clock it's 8 p.m.
I could maybe just stop ordering gym
equipment tonight I was literally
looking at because obviously my my money
got taken the last time one or the gym
equipment I'm really worried I know I
should just because it's happened once
doesn't mean that it's gonna happen
happen again but I am really really
worried about spending a lot of money on
gym equipment and then it got me missing
again so I think what I'm gonna do is
order my gym equipment from John Lewis
but I know it sounds right I don't know
it's like a department store but they do
sell all the big pieces like gym
machinery and weights and everything
like that so I'm gonna try and order the
bits the genders do sell through John
Lewis because I know that they're such
like a reputable reputable and reputable
reputable you can trust John Lewis so I
feel like on my tribe order a few bits
from there and then maybe just
see where else I can order some bits
from as well why it's not a bargain she
need the toilet done them how do I in
the UK we have Sunday lunch at such a
weird time we eat lunch on Sundays or I
did it I suppose at like between 3 and 4
o'clock so it's kind of not lunch but
then it's also not dinner which means
that now it's 9:40 in the evening and
I'm hungry because I have my lunch and
my dinner like what we had at 4 o'clock
so it's been nearly six hours since I
last ate which is why I'm hungry that
now more sweet and super late in the
evening which probably means that I'm
not going to be tired
