morning guys good morning it is a little
bit of a cloudy day but it looks like it
could be quite nice it's still super
early
the other two are downstairs and
apparently have made breakfast again
which is awesome I've just been in bed
editing the vlog check it how the
matches going good morning guys
Jesus is some big old breakfast man it
looks delicious yes you even got your
little sprinkles out that you love
sprinkle hello I know I know crazy eyes
oh god I little grass back I like it
bitch guys you all need to go and get
this this is the cool thing as though
he's trying to kick Nolan I out of the
bed she's trying to get us up for the
day I kind of have breakfast and what
you two doing they both stand weirdly -
any of you guys do this very and Joe
when concentratin stand like a flamingo
right they bend one leg and stick it
into the other leg like like this I
don't know how to explain that and Mark
apparently does it as well just like a
concentration thing show them how you
stand in your concentration Joe does it
as well like when these - no not these -
and Joe and Zoey are at their dad's
house and they're like cooking in the
kitchen I walk in and they're both just
be standing like that right and
realizing no not like that that's really
that's not comfortable I'm really
flexible oh yeah your phone there's just
like a shell yeah yes when you're on the
phone edge flow are you a cup of tea and
I can put my foot this is how I FaceTime
you
I am running incredibly late as always
like oh my god but this time I can't be
late
it's not like a meeting it's for live TV
tonight as you guys know marks night on
Saturday night takeaway the TV show the
biggest TV show in the UK apparently one
in every five people tune in and watch
it that's blooming crazy so packing up
my bag now got my laptop got some spare
t-shirts bought Marcus along a PB hoodie
why am I putting sunglasses on indoors I
don't know don't know the answer to that
there I've done that my suitcase seems
really empty today but I don't know what
else I need lost bag charges camera
spare vlogging battery when you take
these off that's ridiculous spare
vlogging battery clothes oh I need my
wallet and my keys okay now should we go
downstairs little one coming in oh I
wish I could just bring my along to
stuff like this in fact actually I think
ant two weeks ago on the show he brought
his dog in and boys I suppose they're
Ant & Dec though aren't they
they can probably bring their giraffe if
they had one and every woman just let it
happen thank you
I'll explain when I get to London always
take the stairs it's quicker I tell you
at the time I am so happy to finally be
in London oh my gosh guys right so I've
got some explains I got to the train
station oh sorry
expected to get the 119 train to get me
in basically in ten minutes past two
because activate the studio at the ready
it was all looking good and then the
Train wasn't on the board as I mm-hmm
maybe it's a weekend maybe it's slightly
different so I'm looking for London
Victoria nothing on the board at all
nothing even say in London so go to one
of the members of staff and I'm not hi
there I'm looking to go why I got some
glass on I'm looking to go to London
today his face showed everything was not
happening so I basically had to get an
hour-long bus to three bridges a bus the
three bridges for an hour and then I had
to wait 18 minutes with nothing to do
because there was literally at hundreds
of us you have to do the same thing
because everyone turned up to go to
London on a Saturday it's pretty normal
thing to do and then I just got another
hour-long train from three bridges to
London Victoria
so it took me like well over two hours
to get here and I'm late and it isn't my
fault like it genuinely is not me I just
dropped something what did I just drop
anyways it's genuinely not my fault like
it's not my fault I'm late the trains
just weren't working so I was meant to
be at the ITV Studios six minutes ago
I'm very sorry ITV I'm on my way I
finally got to the studios after twelve
hours of bus journeys really fun drink
it's so cold out here I even got some
jazzy chocolate fudge thank you thank
you so much but
you got yourself a stretching Marcus
over there warming up that glory special
is good if he looks of it I've just
filming if he's gonna think I'm so odd
you know he's the weird one is sitting
in the splits
well the guys doing the jiggy back
stretch ones waiting for Marcus he's
been in about 35 minutes so far have you
managed to get rid off his red cheeks
that's the question I love them I love
his red tips oh dude I might as well get
a little Oh his eyebrows didn't it
Marcus keeps on asking for more and more
you can't do the lashes as well yeah
going you might as well going he might
as well I've had my makeup done my brows
gel but you just goes tinted with a
little bit of color it's exactly the
same all right now I'm gonna close that
right please oh you know you know if he
likes it he's just gonna go and buy this
product and wherever everyday it just
it's fun exactly yeah
we don't want those blonde eyelashes get
rid of them right there
now hd-ready
we are backstage everybody I don't
really I feel like I have already spoken
too much today so how you do any having
a lovely day I hope you are we are fact
stage I'm not sure if I'm even allowed
to film in here or not there's like
things from all the different TV shows
that happen here in the ITV Studios so
I'm sorry ITV if I'm leaking something
that I'm not meant to show people but it
is what it is he let me at your studios
we're gonna expect me to vlog you're
gonna expect me to drive drive your
little cars around I don't I don't think
this it's not on at the moment does they
have more it's got a bloomin big old
button should I press the button why not
guys should I press this - not when it
is there big red bar of course you press
here you have to press there where we
drive into
right I need a wee as well by what where
should we go
Porsche Porsche oh you've got some skate
ramps here then don't you know therefore
we've got this
what are the buttons do oh they don't
move that's cool though look at that
gadget look at out what else should we
do going back twelve hundred ladders
over there we've got a boat
gone odds on you going up there looking
for the telescope alright let's see if
we can go up I know the stairs on joint
on there taking the stairs away all of
the beep all of the people here that are
working and looking at me like what the
hell is this oh there goes another
person it's really gonna be like
probably should meet him you know what's
even worse I don't have an ITV pass
collapsed er do you have one they didn't
give me one today they do yeah I haven't
got one of them see so it doesn't even
look like I'm meant to be in here guys
we found some secret stairs okay it goes
where we needed to go so good alright
put your present it's not a cat it's not
a cat I tweeted earlier saying to Marcus
that I go over present and everybody
went crazy think and I bought the cat
obviously I can't buy him a cat yet who
will buy him one just not yet
and it gives the basis so excited for me
to get them a cat but obviously I can't
get him one yet because well ITV Studios
it's not really the right place to give
somebody a cat is it but you want to
keep to knock out a kitchen yeah that's
not my decision you made that's for my
decision
are you any closer ice no I laughed it
up I guess what it is you can if you
want or you can have a look
it is there we go mate putting this
broad view proving how much I know you
know what I've only got two larger
jumpers in the lobby and that's one of
them isn't it that's one of them the
other one I didn't bring with me which
is mine well the others are sold out so
sorry about that guys
they will be back on you like the zip
see I tried on tons of different jumpers
I like this bit it bumps over like is it
yeah that's why I chose that jump you
know over there
all right the show is currently live
Marcus you ready you're looking very
fetching
yeah I am wearing this shirt as well of
theirs tonight and we're about to go and
I think we've got about 10 or 15 minutes
until we're live long live on-air hope
you enjoyed it if you watched it
yesterday and if you haven't seen it go
check is it on catch up it goes from to
catch on doesn't it yeah I think so you
can go find it somewhere Oh guys we
missed the naked Marcus shot by like one
second
we've just finished up on the show it
went incredibly well unfortunately
actually driver everyone yeah most of
you would have seen it by now Marcus's
team beat our team damn you stupid
bloomin hard though wasn't it so it was
like family fortune stuff you don't know
what that is basically you get asked a
really simple question and you have to
guess the four most popular answers
normally the question is like what's a
good example questions like favorite
family pet and say like dog cat all of
that kind of thing
this question number one what is what
object is hard to lift your leg over
step step over what what we guess bike
wasn't there
we guessed horse horses for horse was
hell an elephant elephant fence
partner fence and your partner anyways
it was a lot of fun I think we're now
going to go ahead to the heads the green
room grab a couple of drinks it was
super nice to meet to meet everybody
Hugh Jackman was cool wasn't
very friendly very recorded my friend
lyrical how have you trained him so well
my dog is like crazy you've let it slap
that's the worst thing is I'd I'd spend
so long training my dog and if someone
comes over and lets her do whatever the
West wants well then and that's you
that's you that's new ladies line the
bed part thank you have a lovely with
them right so we are off to a party if
we got invited to like an hour ago we
have our suitcases and bags and stuff
like that hopefully there is a cloakroom
I have no idea where I'm going to be
like to film or not
- yard put it on
I have no idea what is happening I've
got my suitcase on me and we're off to a
club with the Box never been here before
past bus and dressed up as seventies
people and yeah hopefully we'll get in
course local boxers eating we'll see
eaten vegetable vegetable Chris sent me
buddy try one no really Kelly good yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did make sure to do it thumbs up if
you want more of me give it a thumbs up
I'll see you on end guys night yes guys
oh my head
Zayn's just gone live on periscope
