oh my chest just clicked the blumenau
good morning guys good morning today for
me which was yesterday whew it's
officially launch day of all my PB merch
I'm so bloomin nervous I'm like super
excited don't get me wrong but I'm super
nervous how you guys are gonna you're
gonna take to it or how you can SC at
what you're gonna think of it the other
two are downstairs I believe they're
cooking up pancakes I've just finished
editing the daily vlog I haven't helped
out these pancakes oh my gosh they look
good a little one looks so good you got
grass on the table you got a garden on
our table all of this you're so good at
making these look like proper Pinterest
e looking pancakes oh my gosh this syrup
as well if you try this one that's like
not have you tried that syrup have you
have you have you tried it Missy Oh Oh
tonight's blog has just gone up it is
all scheduled and ready and it is the
big merch release so I am super excited
for you to see that video since mark and
sorry cooked pancakes for breakfast this
morning I said to them that I'm gonna
cook lunch so I'm cooking two even kinds
of pasta just boiling up the water now
I've got some mashed potato coconut I've
got something quinoa and quinoa quinoa
why did my woods crack I'm not like 14
quinoa and salmon mozzarella tomato
sauce freshly chopped tomatoes cheese
tons of stuff I will show you once it's
all done
yo yo yo don't splash me don't splash me
no no so last night we tried to watch
saw all three of us just fell asleep on
the sofa so we're now three watching out
by the zenith bet I fell asleep waiting
for this and I've cooked their lunch all
done
yeah and now I've got my little lunch
here hey you got is ready let me put you
up here I'm gonna be trying this again I
think I bought it today I think I've got
it as I say that it's like the Wobblies
thing ever
yo look at that yes guys on my head
Zayn's just gone live on periscope and
is playing his new album his label are
gonna kill him sure he's not allowed to
do this
he's literally playing his new songs
good though that have now got he tweeted
saying what's periscope and now he's
live on periscope
so earlier on mark was doing this thing
I got so cocky and excited that he
managed to do it that he tried to do it
laying down and smashed his head on my
like pull up my little like bars so just
edited together something I just want to
see is so crap it's like literally like
15 seconds long Zoe might put it in a
blog I'm not gonna show up my blog I
think you might going to put that in
your video I did you guys there's not
too much one guy Zoe's done it yeah yeah
yeah everyone else is upstairs I have
got literally about 15 seconds until my
merch goes up I'm so bloom and nervous
like my hands are so sweaty I don't even
know what to do though oh my god
it's time it's done it's done it's done
the verge is live like I just got a text
saying it is live my video my vlog has
just gone live oh my gosh alright let's
go to the website P be merged okay okay
you guys ready
BB much oh my gosh my screen looks so
dirty don't make a pee-pee match to cut
it UK though oh my gosh it's all here
look at it look at it oh my gosh shop no
way the seven items are they're all
seven items are for sale seven items
once and there is going to be more added
there is some things that you guys know
about don't know about they're gonna be
added over the next few weeks or months
as well oh my gosh
bye let's go onto Twitter and see what
people are saying
I don't know what to do I don't have to
carry on plug in or everyone's tweet in
what about the new merch everyone saying
I want them all I want them all whoop
post it already it looks awesome they
look amazing
oh man man right okay I'm not gonna vlog
visit let me let me just enjoy this
moment let me just let me just so oh man
my daily vlogs gon live as well I need
to need to do all of that stuff no did I
know one house one their dinner does
anyone want their dinner what should we
have for dinner doing a dinner
don't you dinner come on I'm sure your
dinner
go on then I don't know why she runs in
circles anyone else's dog do that if
you're about to give Nala her dinner or
breakfast she's just like running in
circles right the merchandise is all
live and going well you guys are loving
it so I'm super super happy all of us
are wearing it that is so embarrassing
if anyone stops us for a picture that's
the most embarrassing thing we're all
wearing it we just come down to the
little Park to take this one on a on a
run she is loving her life oh we didn't
bring anything to throw now the only
thing with this pot is that there is
like main roads not even little roads
the whole way around it so we don't
really let her off the lead I just hold
the end of this lead that is like 25
meters long what's on this so she can
still run wherever she wants and over
here there's loads of gym equipment so I
think we're gonna go get oh she's
already put in you got the food bags not
me look at Nala making friends but I
don't think Nala quite realizes what the
dog is
let's go for a little run oh no no not
around the stick because you got a long
lead coming in Zoe she's gonna got stuck
I just fish market before making you I
poured up your shot just a kid you might
owe my juice all over not expecting that
I completely forgot to vlog vas eating
dinner but we just went and got a
massive massive gbk order I'm in
watching
what's this Kevin Perry go large which
I've never seen what he's never seen no
Holly Z as well by the way guys and Mark
has also never seen I feel like I'm
gonna die I'm so full of so yesterday is
though you're mark we're in town just
shot being hanging out chilling rapid
and devotion and they decided to go to
the sweet shop where you see all the
sweets for my like trying candy videos
and the horrible candy videos and
everything like that and they've got a
load of south is it just our stuff yeah
just tons of different sweets just to
try out and have I'm gonna try them out
how did you like those have you got them
please tell me you know these are like
the best these are like delish Nala why
are you sitting up lucky human do you
guys not eat the packet as well no time
the marks gonna go for two of the most
sour ones I only if you do as well okay
yeah should we do it mm-hmm I've just
done one of these ones this one I did
no that really helps Google read that
really hurt oh my god mark I know minis
eyes ow
you're gonna cry try not to me
my sours gone milk sweet mark spitting
out this hour was gone let me see let me
see your tongue
you're not bleeding let me see us know
in looking red war whoo okay well that
was honey's gone home now
I am absolutely flaking I'm so tired
so I'm gonna head up to bed see many
guys see you in the morning then I see
you later little one she's so tired
I'm like so falling asleep I am so tired
did I forget to tell you guys last night
I think I did I put in look my very last
set but I'm gonna take them out but I've
just taken them out so that I can speak
more easily but last night I've got them
here my very last set of braces number
25 of 25 so in two weeks I'm done
I don't need braces anymore finished
completely that is such a journey that
we have been on together guys for me
not liking my teeth what is this one bit
of hairdo and look at that for me not
liking my teeth at all to now have in as
straight teeth as I ought it will in two
weeks oh well as straight teeth as I
possibly can how crazy is that I just
want to take a moment to honestly say
from the
blew in bottom of my heart however
cringe or whatever that sounds like
thank you so much for all in the sport
tonight on the merchandise like I knew
you guys were going to love it and I'm
not in that cocky way but I knew you
guys were going to love it I knew you
were going to dig I know that a lot of
you would want to be wearing it just
because it's such like I said it's so
much more than just a piece of
merchandise like I'm not just doing this
to whack my face on something I think
yes I want everyone to walk around town
promoting me evidently not because the
PB symbol doesn't even show like what it
means I what I want only me and you to
know what it means that it that it means
that that you've watched these videos
that you follow my life that we all
support each other we're all here for
each other if you ever need any help I'm
gonna do everything I possibly can to
help you just like I know you guys do
everything you can to help me you guys
help each other
recently I was speaking I didn't
interview yesterday actually with is it
1080 spin or spin radio station in
Ireland and they were talking about how
supportive you guys are of me and I was
saying you guys even supportive of each
other there is a group of you that
follow me called alfea's Irish squad and
recently like I've seen all of your
tweets tweeted me recently saying like
we've all grouped together we all met up
and we all hung out we've done this and
we've raised money for charity together
and we're trying to raise as much money
as possible and it just shows how much
of a community that we together this
isn't me this is all of us you watching
this video and may have created over the
last six years and this PB symbol that
is a symbol for everything that we've
created that at the time the effort the
things we've gone through the things
we've succeeded in the things we've
failed in but we've gone through we
worked our butts off and now we're at
the other side and this symbol to me is
just like a symbol of the journey that
we've gone on together and you guys
there we go look at that there we go I
hope you guys like it as much as me this
is something we've done together
something that we've created together
and I'm just so proud that it's finally
out as I said guys there is more items
coming over the next couple of months
some
be limited so might not be limited I've
planned it all so I know what to come in
and but you guys you guys don't know
what's come in but yeah but tonight it's
just gone absolutely crazy the hoodies
have sold like mad I think it's because
building up to it I've been wearing the
hoodies a lot so you guys you guys have
been wanting them for a while and the
necklace says I'm diggin the notepad I
don't know I love all of it so but yeah
the hoodies have sold exceptionally well
tonight I believe so far the smalls and
the mediums have always sold out so
first thing on Monday when I can I'm
gonna order another load of smalls and
medium so that they come back in stock
straight away for you this is just
another journey another thing for us to
do and work on together I honestly
cannot wait to be walking down the road
and see one of you wearing a necklace or
with your notepad or wearing your
t-shirt your jumper your hoodie and I'm
gonna run up to you just to warn you in
case I'll see you in the street and
you're worried that I'm gonna write up
to you I'm gonna give you a hug I'm
gonna put you in my vlog I wanna it's
gonna be cool it's gonna be so so
exciting anyways you guys get how
excited I am I've seen how excited all
of you are if you guys want to follow
the merchandise Instagram and Twitter it
is at PB merch very very simple also
good follow me on snapchat just
completely random blog my snapchat is
pointlessblog me and Zoey or Zoe and I I
having a competition to see who can get
the most opens like views per snap and
she's beating me at the moment so go
follow putting this blog on snapchat I'm
going to put I'm gonna put these braces
back in in a second which is going to
mean that I can't speak anymore well I
can but I just sound incredibly lesbian
really really hard to understand what
I'm saying I'm also gonna go to sleep
because tomorrow I am on Saturday night
takeaway again with Marcus we've got a
super exciting fun part of the show that
we're involved in so if you're watching
this as soon as the blog comes out go
check out the TV show we're both on and
it's gonna be a lot of a lot a lot a lot
a lot of fun I will catch you tomorrow
thank you again for the sport I hope
you've enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs
up if you have
there was a new video coming on Sunday
I've just realized that I'm in bed and
Zoey's not even in bed yet I've gone to
bed before Zoey what is happening Zoey
normally go to bed at 8:00 p.m. and I'm
normally way later than her this is
strange I will catch you tomorrow guys
thank you so much for all of the support
good actually wait let me leave you have
a quick question I was just right in the
belt
let's leave you have a quick question to
answer let me know what your biggest
passion and ambition they're two
separate things your biggest ambition in
life what is your biggest wildest dream
whether that's to want to be a
footballer whether that's to to want to
own your own company one day whether
that's to be an actor whether that's to
make your parents proud I don't know
whatever your biggest ambition is in
life comment it down below and let's try
and make some of those ambitions into
reality this year let's do it together
I'll catch you in the morning
good night well you want to love it
thank you thank you very much of course
good luck with that
