good morning guys good morning I am
Carly run in 15 minutes late so I'm
going to keep this clip short my new
merchandise is finally out but I'll
speak to you about that later on link is
down below I've got to jump in the car
and go straight to London I'm running 15
minutes late I'm really really excited
but I got to go I just got up lemon I've
got to get out I wasn't really told off
you're the happiest person I've seen
today when you want to love it love it
yeah love sir thank you thank you very
much of course good luck with that well
that guy just loves raising money
believe it oh I want to get some Easter
eggs so you come out for a lunch break
I'll explain in a minute
where I am what I'm doing and everything
I I'm very aware that it I haven't
blogged anything today
Oh flake flake you get mini eggs oh my
gosh I thought a massive Easter egg
somebody's about to coming out into me
yeah then I want as well thank you you
definitely do and the infamous over
summat naught is going on there guys
cheeky and then just point into a black
door what all right so just arrived in
two blinks officers who are my book
publishers there is literally books
everywhere even outside like out there
there's tons of books and you ready to
see how many there is here these are all
of the remember me telling you in my
vlog and they sold out within that
couple of minutes which is like the
limited edition led the copies that were
just sold on Amazon there was only 500
they are all numbered so as you can see
that let me open this one here ba this
one is number 118 out of 500 this one
here is number Sundaram 337 so they're
all individually numbered there is only
500 and I've got to sign them all for
you guys so they're like scattered
everywhere every rip of you guys
literally filled the room
oh my gosh and all out there as well all
right anyways I need to get signing oh
how you doing can we get a takeaway
tonight yes because I am that good and
I'm hungry I still want a freaking my
drivers love his head off
I've got your loudspeaker I'll go your
loudspeaker he says he love succour
titties we were talking earlier about
Domino's he said it was his favorite
okay but can you ask him if he thinks
Domino's opening huh Oh like a kebab
shop Pizza no I don't want he said
domine said no dominoes dominoes and is
not my civilan he says he goes go he
said go for the sizzler from Domino's oh
oh he says he's not up for that he's not
the dot the drivers not joining us
within if we're going Pizza Hut I'm
finally back home guys I'm just getting
changed sorry this is a bit
inappropriate I'm getting changed now
into some comfy clothes today today has
been the longest day in the world I left
my house at 7:30 this morning and I've
just got back now and it is 8 o'clock so
let me just explain what has gone on
today what has happened I got up this
morning I jumped in the car went to
London I sat in a room I got interviewed
every 20 minutes from 10 o'clock from
10:30 no 10 o'clock from 10 o'clock
every 20 minutes until 5:30 a different
person coming in to interview me about
my new book the scrapbook of my life
then at 5:30 I jumped in a car went to
my book publisher blinkx office signed
all 500 limited edition copies of my
book and then I just jumped in a car and
I'm finally home
so yeah it's been long but I've got a
ton of energy still even though it's
been a long day it has been a 12 and a
half hour day so far today is the day of
all days that I've been waiting for
oh I'm holding something of it right now
that I have been waiting for but look at
that that I've been waiting for for
months if you haven't already realize
you haven't clocked on you haven't seen
all my social media promotion that I've
been doing over the last week or two
today is the official day that all of my
merchandise goes on sale today right now
there is a link down below to PB merch
code at UK or pointlessblog shop comm
and ever and everything that I've been
working on for so many months is
officially for sale and available right
now it is not limited edition it is all
for sale oh my gosh you guys don't even
know what is on there because I've seen
like I've been wearing stuff like this
like this jumper here with the PB logo
on it I've been wearing stuff like this
for the last couple of weeks and
everybody thinks that I haven't realized
that I'm wearing it and then I outfit
your link and your own merchandise what
are you doing of course I know that I'm
wearing it I know that you guys can see
me wearing the PB necklace and stuff
like that but there are so many things
that I have not shown you I have
purposely not vlogs that I have been
working on for example there is a
pointlessblog poster a poster that
nobody has ever seen the pictures never
been anywhere else and I've signed
thousands of copies in the evening in
fact let me just cut to a clip that I
filmed about a week ago that you guys
you guys didn't even know that it was
going on secret filming camp I am
filming this way before you are watching
this so for the last like two maybe
three weeks I have spent every single
evening sat on the floor watching TV
without you knowing I've been daily
vlogging and doing everything without
you knowing and just signing posters and
posters and posters for you guys because
for the new merch there is signed
posters you can't get them unsigned they
are all hand signed by me sitting in
here with boxes and boxes of silver
sharpies signing them all myself and
then boxing them up like you've seen in
the blogs you see meanso box and stuff
but I haven't told you what we were
boxing and then having van to come and
pick up the boxes and take them up to
where all my stuff is stored up in
Bedford so this is the poster really
nice the little logo the signature it's
so like thick are you ready
don't don't dawn there is so many of
them look all of that these are all hand
signed by me I've spent so many hours
this week hiding away in this room
trying to get this done without vlogging
it because I wanted it to be a surprise
for you although that looks like a lot
here I know they're going to go so quick
because there are so many of you that
watching these videos and then as soon
as these sell out I'm going to try get
some more in so I know to get some more
inside those and just constantly sell
them but these are these are going to be
the one item on the website that keep on
going in and out stock non-stop because
because I have to sign them all so I
can't just like print so many of them
that all of you have one I have to sign
all of them my hand so if you have one
of these on your wall it is officially
100% bin in the South a house on our
floor probably not all is probably been
walking on it don't worry it won't be
marked no marks and all has probably
been walking on air and I've been
signing them Australian I watch TV so
that just shows that yeah I've been
doing stuff secretly basically guys
without you realizing hiding them away
from the vlogs working on this
merchandise and even just I just want to
make it very clear that to get something
like this jumper
it isn't just simply me just like saying
yo I want to print that logo on a jumper
I have been testing out this merchandise
secretly within my vlogs trying
different companies but without the logo
no logo on it
wearing them for months if you look back
on all my vlogs you will see me wearing
this jumper and stuff like that you will
see me wear but with no logo you will
see me wear
the gray hoodie every single day for
like two weeks you will even see let me
get up a picture now really quickly on
my on my BB merch Instagram I even
tweeted a picture here look if it will
focus do you see this picture here of me
I am wearing the hoodie with no logo and
the the bio the little text bits
attesting wink face
I was testing I've been wearing
everything to make sure I've been
wearing everything to make sure that the
jumpers a really good quality that
they're a good fit that they're the
right fit that are the right length are
they're the right size that they're
incredibly soft I've been testing it all
out and wearing it for months and you
have not known so none of this is
limited edition as you guys know I
normally do all of my merchant emitted
edition but the only issue of that is
that I can't wear it myself because when
I have warm merch before of mine is
already sold out and Edward is that oh
my gosh I know you've got points blog
t-shirt can i buy one
unfortunately con because it sold out
well now I can wear my merch and you
guys can buy it whenever you want this
is going to be like still my go out of
stock for like a week or so or a couple
of days like I bought I bought in tons
of merchandising it's sitting in a
warehouse waiting to be sent out to you
guys of course I could in theory sell
out of that stuff and then for a couple
of days it might go out of stock but it
will come back into stock don't you
worry still if you want it incredibly
quickly buy it quickly that's how things
work but for the first week or so
they're still sorting out with the
orders and getting used to it because
I've never done much like this before so
the delivery for the first week or so
could take I've been told to tell you up
to two weeks delivery I think it's going
to only take a couple of days probably
like two or three or four days but it
could take up to two weeks I've been
told to tell you that I don't think it
will hopefully it won't but that's the
worst case scenario so should I tell you
what's available if you haven't already
clicked the link let me tell you I'm
going to try and remember so there is
the notepad you guys have all seen the
notepad I've used in main journal videos
I've been using it in my office
there is a notepad with PV on it and it
is awesome there is the P be necklace
look how cool this is this is
lych bolt there oh oh we lost there but
yeah that was absent even focus now so
there is the necklace there is also a
pin now these I just think also my
absolutely love this let me put you up
on here there we go this here is a
pointlessblog pin so it's a metal pin
obviously you can put it on like your
beanie you can put it on your t-shirt
you can put it on the pocket which as
you could put whatever you want you can
put on your school bag you can put on
your makeup bag it is a pointlessblog
metal pin and they are awesome I didn't
have anybody call get created with them
put them wherever you want and what else
does that
there's the t-shirt there is the hoodie
there is the jumper there is the poster
there's so many things guys and there's
also more coming on the way this isn't
the end this is the beginning of the
line this is this is the start of
something awesome that we can create
together there is more items come in
that I've planned and I've ah it's so
exciting I just I just want to thank you
guys for all of the support with the
merchandise I know you guys are can it
gonna kill it I just want this
merchandise to be like our thing like
this is what we wear this is like a
symbol this PB is like a symbol that you
follow these vlogs if you see somebody
in the street wearing a PB t-shirt or PB
jump I want you guys to go and say hello
to the more when you to go and go make
friends with them go and say hey I also
Sport outfit I watch what he does and I
don't know let's go grab a Starbucks
let's go chat let's go hang out this is
like a symbol that you're part of the
gang this is a symbol that you're like
that you're a passionate motivated
caring person and they're part of such a
positive community and family that we
have built together over the last six
years this is not just merchandise with
my face on it
this is much more than that this is to
me this PV represents everything that
we've created over the last six years
together and it's a symbol that you're
accepting and yeah I don't know this is
going to be sick I'm telling you guys
this is just going to be awesome let me
let me put on the jumping up you haven't
in this jumper look how good the fit is
it has taken me months to even pick the
right product when you get a jumper
there is like millions of different
styles and fits and companies and
everything you can order these from to
print on and it's taken me ages to find
ones that are like a good fit that are a
good price that is one thing that I've
done if you look at the price of my
merchandise I have kept all of the
prices as low and as reasonable as I
possibly could like I seen youtubers out
there and it's absolutely fine I'm not
saying that there's anything wrong there
but selling t-shirts just a t-shirt
we've like their logo or their name or
whatever on it for like 20 25 pounds and
for me that's it I don't want to be
paying 20 25 pounds for a t-shirt so
I've just done my best to get everything
as low as I possibly can so a t-shirt or
my merch store is 12 pounds 99 you can't
even get like a Nando's for that price
literally my order in Nando's is
probably like 15 pounds or something so
you can get a you can get a PB t-shirt
cheaper then cheaper than a lunch out
with your friend a brick or something
anyways I'm not going to keep on going
on and on and on because this is an
ongoing thing that we that we're going
to be doing together and I want to be
going up to the warehouse and I want to
be getting some of the orders that are
delivered locally and going and
delivering them myself to your house I
want to make this merchandise so special
and sometimes maybe my order poster and
I'm like you know what let's just give
them a t-shirt as well let's just throw
in a couple of those metal pins
let's give them a necklace I think this
is just so exciting let me know in the
comments what you think of all of it I
will leave a link as I said down below
to the website go check it out go grab
some bits if you like the stuff Zoe in a
special guest to downstairs you probably
guess who it is by now because always
though he's probably snapchatted with
with him like ten million times today so
that's enough about merchandise for
today hope you hope you're as excited as
I am look at these these are why do you
know yesterday it was at yesterday's
blog when I received the the drone and I
said that there was another thing that
we received as well
we've got Zoe's favorite cereal Golden
Grahams and they put Zoe's Golden
Grahams
and the picture of her like properly
onto the box how crazy is that Golden
Grahams actually did that and then we've
got Alfa's coco shreddies and a picture
of me like on the actual shreddies we
have our own cereal there is a be
sitting on Drake and they're not in the
shops guys they just did it just
specially fast as a one-off you can't go
and get shreddies and Golden Grahams or
that that would be cold imagine like
going into like Sainsbury's or something
and seeing that got my own blue material
what's going on here right we need to
order some food I've delayed these guys
they've been waiting to order food why
are you watching my old videos marketing
reacting Marcos reacting to my old
videos every time mark comes over he
brings something different
it's normally no don't even like he's
bought this from home he normally brings
like dog treats or burrito star perf it
arose what is it / features or profit
profit err this time is blooming bought
like a circus gadget broken brought your
gadget oops I mean yeah kind of broken
put this on are you ready ah how did you
get into the middle just keep oh my gosh
you went in and they came out I can't
get in the middle oh my gosh okay can
you see that you should I saw that I
love it you're doing is open it alright
we're learning how to do it yeah I got
that a stone faster just using your
wrist you can keep your arm still if you
use your arm then it looks like oh
that's what mean you do he's our arm you
just need to have your on then just stop
yeah oh oh it looks so sauce all over
there alright here we go
yeah yeah yeah just the rest
oh so I bought again the other day
called the voting game I want to play
this on my main channel I want to try
and play it with I was planning with
like Casper Joe and Marcus this weekend
as Sunday's video but I think those guys
are busy enough enjoys like back in
Bookshare or Wiltshire or some of them
to know so let's just say I've been
waiting for this game for like three
months to come out it's been available
pre-order finally got it everybody has
got a number one two three thank you
nice and simple who pees in the pool
every time 3 say 1 because you I don't
deal in a bowl Joey actions like he pees
in the board anyway ok I I used to be
when I used to pee in the pool me I just
thought you Square for a cheeky little
way just because I were in the shower I
use why we in the shower which mean
don't is there
do you not read the show oh why not I've
never weighed in the shower is quite
good you what you know it's so easy and
quick you don't you go to the toilet you
my mood is that I know you i yeah and
you put it down the other plug out with
these toy okay guys this is this nice
and clean I met I used to wait sometimes
in the pool when I was younger and then
I got told I don't know if it's true
honor if you we it goes purple and then
everyone knows I've never seen it go as
anyone ever seen you go purple no only
in the films so I don't think it's real
so I say we all just carry weight in the
pool and in the show of everything yeah
and then stop waiting in the shower I
mean enjoy you guys
well videos I've just found out that I
had going for the wrong ways in the game
I wanted them not safe for work versions
there's a little bit saucy a little bit
naughty and kind of like the game would
you rather turns out I've got to find
out who your friends are version so
they're all just incredibly standard so
I'm going to try and buy a more risky
funnier version for future videos whose
stories always each drag on and on and
on actually Zoe uploaded 42 minute vlog
the other day through that's a
compliment TV documentary so it's
literally house as long as likes nervous
on Netflix
who would yell at you for not sorting
your recycling oh my god really they
take one I'm just guessing it would be a
votive so now he cried like honestly new
look good hi because she just puts like
a pizza box with Peter in it to go to
the recycling nobody can't leave your
Peter surprise yeah God be a piece of
crust in the recycling so I know humming
a mold breakup next question hahaha who
seems like they were hosts home schooled
you you and you're literally joining
those of the fuzz Oh II yeah her school
had so little people in it they even
though her and Joe are two years apart
they were in the same class there were
secret people without doors I don't
really want even in my year everyone in
her classroom yeah
learning different stuff hey sharp I
love that primary school I like this one
or two here will be the hardest to
recognize in 10 years
Oh be nice I already got mine hundreds L
three two one why me I say outfit really
I'd make sure you
shame because you're gonna get older and
a bit saggy arrow point ten years
already 32 that's at your age now I
think I'm at the same if I want it as
you've grown older you do your face has
changed a lot no I hey yeah from that
Marcus yeah no I still look the same you
actually still look the same
I know but I don't think you look with
oh you used to look like younger fresher
no I just look older and moldy uh-oh
I'm ending this bet guys Oh carry on
Brogan when the sushi arrives this is
probably the longest video in the world
I hope you enjoyed that little bit if
you want me to do a wall you have the
least amount of respect for authority
right I work help guide cure the minute
and if you want to see like the
not-safe-for-work version I'm gonna go
and order it now online or my main
channel with like some of the boys or
something give the video a thumbs up to
let me know I'm now tucked up in bed we
all just fell asleep on the sofa Ross
watching saw the movie very nice and
common to watch your night before you go
to sleep a horror movie oh my gosh
today has been so long and so good the
time is currently 1206 I woke up this
morning about half past six if you
enjoyed the video give it a big ol
thumbs up I hope you guys are as excited
all of this PB much as I am I think it's
just sick I really really hope you liked
it let me know we think of in the
comments I will catch you tomorrow with
a brand new video thank you so much will
this pause always give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I'll see you
then what have you done is it not good
