what have you done is it not good oh my
gosh
it runs quick enough so you're literally
not gonna be able to get in that gun
then are you gonna get in the bath
you're gonna get in with mommy you have
to let somehow what a waste of water ah
tickle your belly tickle your likkle
belly
good morning guys how you doing good
morning I'm currently in town it is
another absolutely glorious lovely day
the Sun is in my eyes are probably my
eyes like shut sorry about that
just going to picked up lunch there's
only I have also just been over to my
mum and dad's house to try and find
videos of me from when I'm young so you
know my new book it's got an app with it
that has all the videos I was editing
some the other day with you guys well I
wanted to get some more videos some more
embarrassing one some ones that I don't
even remember seeing like watching more
doing myself so I've just gone over to
there's no way look at this
that's so crazy also on that note guess
what I'm doing tonight going to see
Adele going to see Adele perform tonight
in London with Zoe mum and dad probably
and Sean so that it's going to be
absolutely amazing I'm so excited for
that but I got other videos I got
everything I needed I got more than what
I needed there is literally so much in
maths and stuff I think I got about
eight hours of footage to go through to
edit up into these app videos so you
guys are going to get some crazy good
stuff if you have the app as I said I
just got the lunch just going to head
back home now going to go see Zoe
because we've got to leave in a few
hours to go and see it out because we're
going we've got some like special
tickets where you get like dinner when
you get there and you get like champagne
drinks and I think we're literally like
three or four rows back from the front
so that's bloomin exciting all right so
you know the other day when I was
shopping with Jay in the Apple Store and
I'm going to put you guys there and I
bought a biggest bang in the world and I
bought what did I buy I bought that
tablet the one that I used in my new
main Channel video I joined the
youtubers I bought that tablet and I
really really wanted that blue drone
there was a parrot drone there in the
Apple store I really wanted but I was
just like do I need a drone of course I
need a drone but do actually like need a
drone is another question like what
shots am I going to use it for within my
videos that are going to going to make
it worthwhile for me to spend 350 pounds
or whatever it was on the drone I didn't
end up buying it and ever since I've
wanted it and wanted it I want it and
I've nearly bought it so many times so
every time I go into town I'm just like
don't do outfit don't do it no do do it
don't do it
so so as always just had her peer box
delivered and there was two items for me
one of them all show you later on
downstairs and this one here that is a
massive bag I haven't looked in it yet
from parrot what are they trying to do
to me I am so excited to look inside
here guys quite honestly it could just
be a bag
there could be no drone in there I'm
just getting my hopes up it could even
be the bag for the drone that I want
just the bag and they're saying going by
the drone up and put it in this bag
here's the bag for it hopefully fingers
crossed it feels heavy there's a drone
inside okay you ready also just look at
the blooming size of it is massive
you guys look burst I'm too scared is
that is there any bit oh there's a
letter I've just dropped oh it's from
parrot oh but let me know they bring me
an absolute si hi Alfie we saw that oh
my gosh we saw that you're in need of a
drones so we thought we'd send you our
latest one the parrot bebop to to muck
about with its compact robust pretty
lightweight only weighs 500 grams and
comes equipped with the latest
generation of senses of technology
pretty tasty 25 minutes of flying time -
thank you so much to those guys okay are
we ready to see the actual drone slimmin
oh we've got a lot of paperwork the
bebop to drone here we go oh wow this is
all that instructions how to fly it
I'm genuinely going to need all that
because I know what I like I'm just
going to end up crashing the damn thing
are you ready my hair is a mess
are you ready don't go to door look at
that oh my gosh I don't even have to fly
these things I'm probably oh yo that is
light look at that obviously hasn't got
the propellers and stuff on it and then
all of this bit oh man this looks so
sick thank you so much guys all of this
bit is like a proper controller that I
put around my neck and then my iPad goes
in the middle here and you fly it like
that and it's got like triggers on it
and up and down and record and oh my
gosh and tells me the battery time and
y'all it's such a shame that I'm not
free today I've always I could have gone
out flown it today it's such nice
weather this is like my birthday and
Christmas have come early in one thank
you guys
so bloomin mark I hope I hope but do
you're proud and look how big it is the
bag is brimming bigger than me I
I do you guys proud and actually get
some good footage with your drone and
don't just crash it on the beach or
something 37 miles per hour
that's bloomin scary that's fast that
hit somebody in the head whoa
let's hope I get good okay let me know
down below in the comments if you're
excited my drone videos guys we can
shoot some stuff on a drone like imagine
if I helped Zoey shoot a lookbook and
some of the shots are just like ah man
this is going to be sick
as I said to you earlier about the
videos for the app that is what I'm
currently working on now just editing
those up but I'm having to convert all
the video files because they were filmed
obviously these were filmed in like 1997
and stuff like that I don't even know
and so they filmed in mpg format and
they're super low quality hello Noah
hello baby you coming over cuddle so I'm
just having to convert all the video
files first before I can edit them to
get them into mp4 so that I can edit
them and we've only got 15 minutes until
we have to leave to drive to go and see
Adele tonight oh my gosh
today is just like the best day ever
and now just to try and decide what to
wear to any of you ever just feel like
all of your clothes just look crap like
I just hate them I'm so bored of all of
the clothes our own I need to go clothes
shopping so bad I want to go clothes
shopping so bad I just look at all my
clothes and I just think yeah I don't
want to wait you I think I found a shirt
that I'm going to wear today just done
my hair it kind of looks like a bogey
that's my only issue is that it's a bit
fuzzy color so we'll just we'll ignore
that one
I'm acting out the car now fill up with
petrol though I'm a little bit worried
cuz NIT isn't it meant to like be really
dangerous to film filming under all
court is very illegal Cameron I want to
bring you guys out leave it there
outside oh oh okay I'll leave you with
Zoe just rasa fill up with petrol I'll
see you in a second to book wait are you
petrol you're not usually I go for
diesel your shoe Perpetual no just no
nothing
boys cold it's cold I don't have my car
Dimitri don't you shut the door I can't
pay for oh yeah let me shut the door
let me now sorry Adele can you wait
don't start singing yet oh can you quit
leaving it down just tell her to wait
for us don't start singing yeah let's go
literally not I don't know why he always
does this but he likes to trim publicly
embarrass me by making weird hello
obnoxious noises see all think Alfie's
this really shy actually he's shy
sometimes but if I'm just like dishing
the dirt on Alfie deyes while he puts
petrol at me car really excited to see a
dowel at she's on my list of like five
people but I've had since I was like 13
to see live one is Michael Buble you
being nice yeah okay one is Michael
Buble two is ellie goulding three is
Adele four is Beyonce and five is oh I
think that might be it just those four
weather people that I wanted to see life
I've seen Ellie Goulding like three
times and I've seen how much can your
car take it says it's okay oh yeah with
it don't you take that
should be 2040 try so see any Golding
I've seen Beyonce haven't seen Michael
Buble have seen almost seen it out do
any of you have a list of people that
you really want to see live in your
lifetime let me know in the comments
what it is I'd love to know I'm going to
think if there's another one maybe
there's a band I feel like there's
someone else I really wanted to see live
and I can't think who it is
I can't remember I would love to see
Michael Buble tell you I'd like to see
Michael Buble near Christmas time doing
his like Christmas show or like singing
lots of Christmas songs I just think
that would be all-knowing mojo sent
Alfie how much I miss summer I'm like so
ready for summer right now having some
picnics having some barbecues loving
life getting a bit of a tan I just like
when it's warm
I also love dressing for like actually
too sour I like dressing for spring
because it's kind of a bit sunny but
also bit chilly so you can layer do like
to layer I also really like dressing in
autumn or winter however recently it's
been so cold winter dressing has just
been well what you want for a massive
coat over the top so you can't see what
you're wearing anyway and summer is just
generally throw one thing on which I get
kind of bored with I find it harder to
style myself in summer also having a
little chat about style and Caesar style
and seasons 101 with so Ella why is
Alfie taking so long
we're going to listen to Adele the whole
way there because basically the only
people that know all the words are like
me and our fees mum I don't know poppy
might actually I shouldn't imagine that
Nick has listened to much del oh god
he's bought lots of snacks also Alfie
hasn't listened to much adult Eva so
we're going to listen to it all the way
then I bought us some goodies I don't
know oh they just look like oh okay this
looks like it why is that when I skate
is now already got the wrong bloomin
chocolate I have an AI weiwei let's do a
little chocolate haul let's see it was
away alright so got these each
right
you like them yes favourite flavour
exactly my favorite me too got what a
Walter good job h2o I got two different
chocolate bars one galaxy 112 I didn't
think about whisper I just saw a galaxy
I was like mmm that's what smooth
there's no just smooth no Pinet avoid
water jet off and then I went for it
what why not oh yeah Johnny one pound I
was like I don't even care if it's baby
any chocolate they got the little worm
buttons in them tonight hopefully just
lay a 1 pound oh you guys are going on a
on a bumpy ride
Germa that from Harry Potter prepare
yourself for a bumpy ride whatever they
say Jumba the little heads oh can you
see it there's the O to the collapse
will you go look at it look at it and
look at air oh look at this fancy
parking guys then straight in the back
thank you so much to the o2 general
manager Steve you're also ms hooked us
up with some like VIP parking to make
things easy for us to make things easier
to make like I David's big to make
things easier for us and thank you so
much Steve
you're awesome we just need to get let
in first then hopefully it'll get and
then we can go meet the others because
poppy Shaun mum and dad were waiting
here as well VIP walkway feel very very
fast valet parking
oh man we don't even have to park our
own car look how delicious this lamb
looks guys just arrived to our table and
look at this desert guys I have no idea
what this is
that's kind of like an orange smoke /
banana what is that orange then a banana
nowhere
right
good we just finished up our amazing
dinner I didn't film too much because
the lighting was so purple you guys
would have been after
are you know Ashley yeah so we're just
walking in now going over to our
entrance the excited mum so excited
so it's mums just gonna cry the whole
time way I can just tell
so school is putting it freezing out
here always take the stairs always take
them look at empty the stairs are look
how busy the escalator is Sean's running
Sean's beat me up there look how big
this place is guys oh my gosh
and to think when I was in New York once
on tour with you guys five hundred
hundred twelve thousand of you this is
twenty two thousand unbelievable while
our seats are here guys that's the stage
oh my gosh as you do just floating up
into the sky to go sitting is little
light is one of the many does the
spotlights happy look at this the saris
has switched with Zoe's necklace yeah
there's your face in there cuz you're so
shocked best done
it is one minute mm woman I've been at
how much I'm going to have to fill wool
because it's so relaxing
Danny
I will try to do everything I possibly
can
yeah
back at my family friends
I strict between two the more shows to
do I fall nights a week so if you happy
for my baby boy is the first time
Oh
you
years ago
ecology and they was shining like and
again I wasn't what the hell is she
doing
blue line on my big toilet and I thought
the whole thing was a sham recommend I
haven't had it since it's all the time
it's maybe but anyway laughs a long one
sorry it makes it makes me really long
time you didn't
everyone stand up as well
Oh
and that is it over guy about notice is
that one inches in the Dell Oh
right sofa guys that was insane I talked
to him against the clock we are in the
car on the way home we're stuck in
traffic that is why I'm choosing to vlog
now my camera battery's also as usual
how was that the most amazing thing I've
ever seen
I don't know how much I could actually
include because obviously when you make
videos you're not allowed to use other
like other artists you're not allowed to
use that music artists songs because
you'd a lot I don't own the money own
device to use it so I don't know how
much I could actually include some soy
agency too much but that was oh the best
thing they can do in a snapchat because
in 24 hours I'll still be awesome yeah
the snapchats will still be up at my
snapchat is a fish was Oh Ella and
pointlessblog go check the Bofors oh he
did like 51 snapchat 9/10 I did 28 so go
check them out man that was like
straight up the best performance I have
ever seen in my entire life she sounds
exactly the same
she has the best stage presence she's
even better she's so sweet I was just
the best we were so close
we was so lucky with our seats we bought
them by this company called Marcum
Butler which had lights we've got dinner
included and strumpet allottee and VIP
alien-like private VIP parking as you
saw was so lucky to have to do that and
we're the best time we were literally at
one point when we're standing at the end
we were like two people away she was
been in annamund selfies and stuff with
everyone I was going to get a selfie for
the video but then I was just like you
didn't wanna be one of those annoying
people don't we be one of the annoying
be able to pushes there's two people in
front of me and I let them have to
selfie instead but man that was absolute
that's what could be a tour bus right
there that could be it
that was in a dentist's you'll have a
tour bus here's Adele
she's probably got like a traveling
hotel weirdo Madison Lee actually just
drove herself yeah
just her husband drivin her kid was
there tonight as well but I get
emotional when she was singing someone
like you
she's just awesome thank you so much
Adele if you're watching don't think you
are cuz you don't
she doesn't even do her own Twitter or
Instagram or anything
don't you worry guys my gum and just
dive but I got a spare battery spare
battery always carry two if you're a
vlogger what we censoring that's someone
like you guys nevermind oh yeah and I
wish um sorry I got emotional when that
song came on I thought I saw my little
boy in the audience but then I realized
it wasn't actually my little boy she was
like straight up like oh my grab a pin
as well like talking about how she's got
spotty forehead and spots on her back
and just love her literally she's kind
of like I don't if people are gonna like
me saying this kind of just like a bit
of a lad she's funny isn't she she just
doesn't care she's like the typical like
lavish I I don't know she's I want to be
friends with her that's what I've
decided
and you know what blows my mind more
than anything but she's like 28 years
old or something
literally like almost my age 28 I think
of her as being such like a
well-put-together woman like 35 years
old cute hey Xena
no no well put together as a compliment
yeah she's so like ah no reason she let
you just think of her as being so
successful done everything you could
possibly do in life had a child as well
and she's so young I don't even think
please 28 is she
37 yes I guess 28 well her new happens
although I know she didn't try it yet
unless she wrote down what no she wrote
that when she was 25 yeah yeah more
Sweden favorite flavour crisps how long
does a little boy no nope oh maybe I do
well she had a when she was 23 if he's
28 now I'm not - we need to do arendelle
homework yeah we need to reach that
apparently is over he's got something to
tell you I have no idea so you know
earlier how was talking about the five
different people that I want to see you
live while I'm alive see definitely I
don't know I don't know about this oh
and I couldn't think of the last one I
know what it was last year I wanted to
edge here alive so bad then mine guess
what mine are actually some already seen
Eddie golden yeah you woulda seen ed
Sheeran yeah there's a devil count even
though you seen her ow ah Michael Buble
yeah oh I'm good I understand what I see
okay-y okay okay okay okay
fiancee yeah so we just no need to see
michael buble I wanted I wanna grow but
my aim is to go to Michael bublé's
Christmas special that's why I said I
said you know I can't even tell you how
much I want to go because surely on you
like 200 give go a year here we always
here would you like to see live if you
had to pick five people or a band or
whatever tell you as I love seeing life
it was all my last two door cinema class
before we served and we are ready yeah
all right I've just been embraced it by
the way frontline eczema mouths I need a
drink
and my five people would be I want to
see just movie just be the soul oh my
god yeah show that and especially for
his new South I want to see word out
just then you don't say absolutely
insane you seen Ellie Goulding - Ellie
Goulding is again she's somebody the
sounds exactly like she does want her
opponent yet right hit mug Buble
ed Sheeran oh my gosh I want to see
Henry maurices a little island
I really enjoy seeing hoodie ammonite
he's a friend of mine oh so you always
have smelt for tickets for every design
in whatever braces out braces are out I
really really enjoyed it for the other
night just such a great atmosphere great
crowd is buzzing and he's just awesome
as well he's a friend of mine so he
always took 12 of tickets Boyce Avenue
fee man loves invoice up life there just
again another person that literally they
sound exactly the same as they are they
recording they're so talented I would
love to see a donor if he performs his
old stuff mmm would love to see mmm hey
he did it is all someone else I've seen
very few scene I saw is my first ever
show took my parents I had like special
guest tickets sound Smith oh my god okay
yeah I'll show you where my Justin
Bieber in Sam Smith he'll us turning
Libra I haven't seen Justin Bieber
ariana grande I've seen her perform like
some songs I've seen her where did I see
she did one song I saw it for maybe
who's like teen awards or something like
that
oh yeah the teen awards digit form yeah
and she again is on believable were
singing so I want to see her
everybody know there's so many people
I really want to see Jess Glynne she
wouldn't be in like my top five but if
she like tickets cameras a hundred
swordian stay in the drop in the
comments what their top five would be
you have to see live that was a good one
because I made this show many people
that were miss out you should making a
god take them all off before you die
yeah I actually said I'm even though
I've had my list since Adele's first
album so when 19 came home I was like 17
18 I said I want to see her life then
she did 21 but obviously she was really
doing shows she was doing tonight these
smaller speakers I remember trying to
get tickets I was like there's like 500
tickets to see it out everybody in the
world he was - she was honestly top of
my list also I'm never gonna get to see
her ever then she just disappeared I was
like oh sorry doesn't Roz Russell she's
never gonna I'm never gonna see her now
she's still yeah now she's back we got
better than ever and more amazing songs
to sing
and she was sick and she was sounding
like where you were she let you walk
past us insane
right we have to stop login having and
driving and concentrate on the road and
I need from a braces back in Zoey's just
told me I should end my blog here no I
just thought it would be a great
suggestion because over okay we'll do
who do a group end then I've got open up
so much footage headed exactly
misogynist I'm getting picked up
tomorrow morning guys tomorrow for you
when this goes up is 24 hours into my
merge comes out by P Beamer you guys
honestly know you think you know what's
coming out you think you know everything
you only know some of it there is so
much more than you guys know it comes
out at Friday 5 p.m. so get ready on the
dog 5 p.m. it is not limited edition so
people have been asking me it's not
limited edition there will be limited
edition merch as well but that's not
coming to Friday at 5 p.m. so 24 hours
from when this vlog goes up there is new
merchandise on PB merge to encoder UK
anyway should we have the video yeah
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed it give the video a big thumbs
up how many surely try and get I love to
challenge them
- I've now
every job also is you guys ridiculous
are normally ask for 31,000 4545 do it
round your Kristen yeah do it do man
that sounds like their yeah what is his
name Oh
oh my god the host is one of my favorite
builds you know I was the bloomin guys
name
I trying to keep my job and me
Shila pictures le bouff shy looking and
yeah do anyways thank you for watching I
love you so much I hope you enjoyed the
del concert viewing somehow as much as I
can be deeper in and yeah going to get
say I love you and this story is Wow
pulling out and then going back in oh
you're playing at settings with Laurie
Gary Orie
from a nap intro to get past him on
moment just fast free CD what you're
putting out again literally boy is he
doing like that scares me is he falling
asleep in the wheel like he's a worse
driver man I'm tearing basically guys
I'm in the middle lane overtaking
lorries which is swerving into the
middle lane without any signal basically
going back you know but I don't like
what is up with that don't drive if you
tired it's so dangerous I can't even
like tell you concentrate when you drive
in anyway what was gonna say was it
don't go for you tired
yeah baby there we go that's my that's
my end quote don't drag me your tires
okay you ready that fast and let me so
much I'll catch you tomorrow with a
brand new vlog I've got to be up I'm
leaving the house tomorrow we've got a
car taking me to London at 7:00 a.m.
you're going to find that why it's super
exciting and then we've got another
special you guys have been so lucky with
these special guests we've got another
special guests more evening staying over
whoo
I'll catch you tomorrow I love you so
much good they won't wait as men say
good night I said goodbye good night
guys look up big ears his head's like
the same size as mine there you going
now
