Nalla where are you NOLA where are you
oh hello in those good morning could go
you havin a nice morning baby
say hello to everyone good morning guys
good morning today we have got two
special guests coming over to the house
and I'm just so bloomin excited like not
only are they coming is it bad that I
can kind of so excited I can't work
however it's to see to see them or
weathers to see their dog I've never met
their dog before I like tweeted last
night saying we've got two guests coming
over they're bringing their dog and
everyone was like Jim and Tanya Jim and
Tanya Tanya
Johnny Johnny Amelia and Marty and Felix
Mars beauty part it isn't any of those
guys it is to people that you guys I'm
pretty sure most of you will know most
of you should know them if you don't
you're going to love them after today's
video or when you always go and check
out all of their stuff there's such
great friends of mine I want you to go
subscribe to go show them the power that
the pointless gang have and let's go
smash their channels through tons of
subscribers let's go give all of their
videos thumbs up show them some love
show them some support they don't even
need that they've already got a bloomin
ton of subscribers I think they've got
like two or three hundred thousand
subscribers each but we can add to that
we can add to that anyways guys I'm not
gonna tell you or should I tell you no I
will tell you who it is
I would tell I'm just going to leave it
as a surprise but I know what I'm like
and I'm just gonna end up putting in the
thumbnail of today's video so then I try
and leave it as a surprise but I've
already ruined it because I've already
put it in the thumbnail who it is so
Leon Dustin and Carly are coming over
today and if you don't know if they are
that is the lean machines and Carly she
has her own like Fitness channel I'm
pretty short no yeah he's like 99%
fitness and like healthy eating and how
to get abs how to get a good bum and
stuff like that but they also do like
daily vlogs and not everything
day but they film the day sometimes and
things I think Carly is blogging today
so it's going to be cool it's going to
be so much fun we've got a lot of stuff
planned they're bringing their french
bulldog steven i am obsessed with french
bulldog so we were this close to getting
french bulldog instead of getting the
pug but we went with a pug in the end
and I just know I've already warned Zuri
that as soon as we meet Steven I'm just
gonna want to buy French Bordeaux
because I just know I facetimed him so
much and Skyped him and he just looks
sick like he looks awesome so I bet if
today it's going to be a good day
meeting the dog or bad day because I
might just end up buying another dog
everybody I might just end up doing them
papi
luckily papi isn't here because you guys
know that puppy and Sean want a french
bulldog more than anything in the world
puffy literally rang me yesterday like
nearly crying saying that she wants a
French Bulldog so bad and I was like eh
well don't come over to our house
tomorrow my sister wants to go traveling
a lot this year and next year so getting
a dog wouldn't be right at the moment
for her so yeah today it's gonna be
blooming good we've got a lot of
different things planned we're gonna go
on a dog walk we're gonna hopefully go
out for dinner we're gonna go rock
climbing Leon has been rock climbing
like every single week for over a year
now and he he's literally I'm gonna
nickname in bitty big balls because he
literally doesn't ever stop talking
about how good he is at rock climbing so
today we're getting a rock climbing he's
never been invited where I go well I say
I go I've only been like three times
guys so don't don't expect me to be
amazing we're going to see how good he
really is and Carly's come in Zoe's come
in the dogs are gonna meet each other
it's just going to be AB limit it's just
going to be a bloomin awesome day we're
gonna have so much fun everybody I hope
you're ready hope you're excited the
weather the weather is still blooming
lovely I just feel so lucky at the
moment I feel so happy so positive I
feel so motivated and I just want to
thank you for all of the support you've
been giving me recently hope you've
enjoyed the vlogs the views and the
vlogs are absolutely killing it with
smashing like nearly half a million
views on every single day vlog which
blows my mind that that only people are
watching these and I just want to say
thank you thank you so much last night I
plan
two new main Channel videos that are out
of this world like one of them literally
if I can do it right I have to book
something to be able to get it to maybe
come to the house maybe film there what
oh sorry
and yeah it's gonna be sick I'm just
talking about the video you can used to
hear me I'm talking about the video that
I was planning the one that I showed you
on the laptop I'm not telling them what
it is how sick is it going to be if I
can get it worked out if I can get it to
happen which really fingers course I am
I think I'm going to get my management
to email them just to seem a bit a bit
more professional have them understand
what I do more because it involves
somebody else in the video and it's
gonna mean Zoe me and Zoe it's going to
be sick anyways anyways this is a daily
vlog this isn't my main channel let's
get on with the day let's enjoy it let's
have some fun where are you yeah need
some help
have you shown everybody this on the
floor yeah well I did in my snapchat
very weird on the floor pumpkin this is
always we Zoey left a pumpkin on the
floor in her office this basically used
to just be like storage room as oh he's
recently tidied up it took her like two
years to tidy up because it was so messy
and with in all of the storage we didn't
realize that there was a pumpkin from
Halloween so I mean we didn't get rid of
it when you like the other day we got
rid of it like yeah like two or three
months three and four months ago yeah
but it was in this room on the floor
dripping pumpkin juice for a good month
or so so we're now left with a beautiful
stain on the floor where it looks like
somebody's somebody's what themself look
at that look at that Zoey using my new
microphone are you ready to go yeah
gonna hit record yeah we're going in
come on him
Zoe's currently filming her new main
Channel video so I've decided to take
the little puppy up for a walk would she
still count as a puppy some people get
so annoyed when I call her a puppy she's
like 18 months but the reason almost
follow me but the reason why I call her
puppy is just because she's so tiny but
she's puppy sized like yay click away
Nala hey you having a nice walk I'm
secretly trying to get rid of all of her
energy without her realizing so that
when Stephen comes over the Frenchie
she's not too crazy hyper I don't if
it's gonna work she's always hyper she's
a nutter you guys see such a calm side
of Nala I swear like every time she's
not on camera she is going crazy I can't
even tell you like I've seen comments
before some people being like other
creators villa owl you only got a dog
just for views trust me if I just got
Nilofer views it would not be worth it
she is so much hard work like don't get
me wrong I absolutely love her but
having a puppy like those first 12
months oh my gosh like so much hard work
but she is blooming awesome she's your
cool they aren't yay Hey look one I just
can't wait till one day having kids and
having gnarley' with my kids like how
crazy is that going to be imagine if I
was still daily vlogging when I'm having
kids are and I'm older and like a little
baby and then Nala like sniffing it and
looking it oh you're doing another Pooh
lucky I got to poo bags guys look easy
right oh we're missing one of you Oh
what goalies in the toilet
I can't even toilet it's all right is
this a bad time to start with she's not
here
actually my scene will take place
Bullock is here everybody yo we got we
got the climbing master yeah I could
because Steven absolutely lion
I just FaceTime poppy poppy years like
Steven looks as big as Zoe I didn't
realize how big ears he's big hello mate
oh how you doing are you doing Nala has
been fighting him haven't you I'm sorry
you've been putting up with her she been
attacking you literally been beating him
up I nicked a nickname you earlier in my
vlog Bukawai called you you nicknamed me
or Steve nickname you why some are like
big balls something I'm all your very
big ball small you talk about climate
Ollie how does it link lime in Sudan
yeah basically what happened this is a
funny story actually it worked back in
Jafari 1980s I've seen inventive
bouldering there we go right is that
thank you very much I love that
yes obesity funny story right guys this
is gonna be all crap it's not it's not
because I said I sat in this park and I
was like you know what I want to truck
I'm that tree but the branches make it a
little bit too easy so cut the branches
off find a few rocks and just bang them
into the tree and then find out was like
you know what this looks good but I
bothering their invented it so basically
your place that's down the road I
already know inside out because I done
you are you own it your company yeah so
now I'm developing new inverted words
that haven't got anything on but Bruce
just upside-down oil yeah basically I'm
I descended from a lizard so the amount
of crap that comes out of his mouth it's
it's true don't you talk about your
sound like I talk about it's like I've
been holding it down no look at his
tongue it's the grossest thing you've
ever seen
would you be mushy I these headaches
women yoga nugget I thought you're gonna
have a split tongue yeah you know we can
get it like oh no cut down and you think
about this
Oh colleagues and rejoice to stop my
vlog about Carly
there we go everybody hello doggies
we've got bass and papi here now look at
them oh my gosh guys you know I've shown
you all the stones the other day they
literally got like a digger thing
putting them all back over that is so
crazy
look at the three of them hey doggies
gonna treat Missy
sit down there we go she'll let you off
and see what happens
come with a shoe go for a run no you got
out on me nothing this way coming in go
go go go go Steven oh my gosh
she is going to be loving a life she is
going to be knackered today she's
already been on one run today she's
going to be so tired
they're going to encourage each other to
do naughty things now slide to naughty
kids off the lid yeah they're just
getting like fine like food that
someone's dropped
now let go
we're trying to make them sit down for a
picture yeah it's impossible yeah man
again I Rea yes Sudama see but then that
all face in different ways you know you
confuse mister you've just been sitting
still haven't you just come in to get
some ice creams here we go got Zoey one
here they all went for the Dozen one
good double scuba neon a week off
we got the ends a she oh please thank
you a week oh you got a cell at night
before they go again all right got my
screams for some reason they decided for
all of mine on the side of my code so
weird the doggies are behavior I don't
even have taken FG Eve over there right
we have just come to Boulder Brighton
we've come bouldering Leon has been
going on and on all about how good he is
a bouldering slash we've come I'm going
to see skills
Leon man what your present okay look how
big it is I but I've been here three
times before whenever I can't it is
packed but I do come a lot eight or nine
in evening look at it
it is energy
have you ever seen her small zombies
feet are it's literally like buying or
like borrowing whatever like baby shoes
there's so tiny areas everybody
here he is okay thanks you spider-man
be all night going your turn I'm loving
that it's so quiet right through trying
out these oranges Leon's looking goodies
just smashed a really sick gray one into
a minute guy how you finding at face fun
go Zoe go go go you can't work whilst
you're on it going you got that yep yeah
is that good
scary Leon's going to try and do the
Maverick slackline
it's a lot harder than what look Tory
says he's never done it look at him
cause he's done it have you done this
before
shut up such a liar
right Leon come here on this just do a
couple of pull-ups yeah easier oh yeah
so much harder is net guys it spins
around basically and it makes it so
living hard we show through them into
sweaty and hot we're gonna try and get
some now sit down give it here
yeah you did sweet we're all done oh my
gosh how good was that you actually got
some good climbs though serious so did
the one I didn't film it but all the way
over here you got up high
give me five we know it's weird I don't
know why forget
hi freaked out I can't fly free so he
gets like one one little grip away from
the ends I can't go I can't do a condor
and I'm like God got this gut this and
you did it today like before I started
doing this a bit like now I think it's
because everyone thinks of hikes is like
helicopter look how happy used to be
coming to Nando's serious look at his
little face
here he is hello boy not only to Nando's
poor Nando's that's what I'm talking
about
ie we got so much that you guys are not
eating it it's not for you mister hey
guys look up big ears his head's like
the same size as mine is that you going
now love you you just I put me down I
was playing with the toys the role this
little Victorian tank over here see you
later guys yeah it is for later in the
evening guys I've just woken up from a 2
hour now my camera battery is fashioned
so I've got to be super super quick
thank you so much for watching today I
hope you've enjoyed it I had such a fun
day with Zoe Kali the courage has died I
just tried to still Zoe's camera battery
but her camera also has no charge
great I'm now filming on my iPhone which
I never flogged on this is weird anyways
I'm such a bloomin fun day we just got
up to so much fun stuff and the weather
was so nice like the beach was just so
calm and relaxing neither went on two
walks today she is like knackered I just
tried to rely upstairs to bed with Zoe
night there was no chance she was
literally just when I got into her own
bed and was like sleeping straight away
I am so tired
Zoe is already asleep I'm going to end
the book and I'll give it a big old
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I will try
my best to leave Leon and colony's links
down below you go subscribe to them go
check them out
show them some love I love you so much
tomorrow what we are doing some of its
sick tomorrow I'm not going to tell you
what at all but tomorrow just blooming
be exciting because it's going to be
beyond exciting like next level so hope
you ready I'll catch you tomorrow give
the video a thumbs up did I already say
that I don't know I'll catch you
tomorrow good I've just driven over to
home base I've driven me I'm driving
