good morning guys good morning hey I saw
somebody coming in last night's video
saying this was the least energetic good
morning guys you have ever done so that
one was for you that energetic excited
happy motivated one's for you
I've just driven over to home base I'm
driven me I'm driving I'm driving you
guys always say they don't drive nobody
is here
I've just driven myself over here and
we're here to get some really really
exciting fun amazing duct tape we need
some duct tape you'll find out why in a
minute
yo damn it is a blooming lovely day
today guys I haven't even had a shower
yet
I've got straight-up working on the new
merchandise and now straight off to buy
this amazing duct tape I literally
cannot find the duct tape anywhere all I
can see is that hammers and saws and
turns out in the wrong part of the whole
shop next to the paint who would have
known here we go this is what I need
original ducktor guerrilla tape what is
greater tape for the toughest jobs on
planet earth that is exactly what 10
pounds 99 okay this is what I need so
the reason why I just bought this
gorilla tape for the toughest jobs on
planet Earth I don't have to tell you
not bait okay
I'm not going to tell you everything
I'll tell you a little part of it with
the new merchandise one of the items and
not just like one but every single one
has been at my house for a certain
reason I'm not going to tell you why
until Friday you're going to find out
and it's super super exciting but it's
to do the cardboard boxes what Zoey Nye
were doing the other day I've been
working on it all morning is currently
1151 it's nearly lunchtime but I'm
missing this and this is what I need to
complete the merchandise sounds a little
bit confusing I know but you guys will
find out in the future you'll find out
one like Friday at 5:00 p.m. when the
merch launches and you'll realize what I
meant and everything but for now
less at home because all of the merch is
getting picked up from my house anytime
from now until 5:00 p.m. tonight and I'm
not at home and so is not I'm either so
they're so let's hope that it's not
getting picked up right the second
otherwise you guys aren't going to be
getting merchandise okay right I'll see
you at home a little baby there's a
little treat you know being sued cute
lying in the Sun you some B then I've
got a delivery van picking up a ton of
merchandise from the house the reason is
that in the house you will find out
another time but just for now that's all
I'm allowed to tell you somehow I've got
to put all of these boxes into the
delivery van and I don't think that
they're allowed to help me carry it
because of insurance reasons because
they're blooming old heavy big old boxes
so I don't know what to do I don't know
how I'm gonna manage that there's like
13 the boxes Oh guys this is not going
last one yeah guys they are finally all
gone all of that merchandise I'm not
going to tell you what it is all I'm
gonna say is I use 10 million of these
are literally packets and packets of
these I'm just having my lunch at the
moment I've got some salmon and some
like super food kind of stuff editing up
the daily vlog and then I need to go
jump in the shower also I've just
uploaded actually that horror game you
know that you know when I was really
really scared over then I left the
office because I was so scared after
playing game well I've just uploaded
that one scheduled for tonight so that
would went up yesterday for you it is
called Emily wants to play the scariest
game ever never going to play again
unless I'm with another youtuber because
I'm just too scared I also need to have
a shower
I have not showered today or even brush
my teeth which is absolutely disgusting
so once got the daily vlog done I need
to jump my butt in the shower would you
want to do today little one what do you
want to do we can do whatever you want
whatever you want you know when when I
was younger my parents used to have this
thing of saying to me we can do a lot on
the weekends up we can do whatever you
want to do today what do you want to do
and that was a blooming hard question to
answer because when you're younger and
your parents say that to you there's no
limit to what you can do well I wanted
to do everything everything in the world
paid by a certain Allah the best thing
that we could possibly do would be go
for a walk do you want to go put Johanna
go for a walk do you want to go for a
walk you're so blooming you where you go
wait going what you you go start getting
ready
go pee a little coat on you can't do
that by yourself right let's take know
that for a walk I haven't explained
where Zoey is today
she is currently lucky for some she's at
a spa with Maddie or manager and Zoey
are at a spa together getting like
massages and like in the swimming pool
in the jacuzzi in the sauna
cheers buddy and bye guys thank you so
much they booked two ages ago and let's
just say I definitely go invited I know
I didn't I didn't get invited it thanks
so much look at the sky look how lovely
the weather is today I don't think you
need a jacket right jump up here let me
put your harness on you you ready these
here are my favorite shoes they're night
and then basically you just slip them on
like I did the laces up the first time I
bought them
never ever undone them since I can just
pull the back and just slide them on I
think it's because they're like elasticy
anyway is he ready are you ready good
girl little one you're being so good
aren't you it is so lovely today yo damn
it may be incredibly sunny out there
guys but do you know what it is blooming
free using like my hands I was on the
phone to papi the whole time my hands
are like ice even a good girl coming
them don't treat coming in whoa what's
the weather like where you live at the
moment because you guys live
all over the bloomin world you guys
don't just live in or need to get rid of
this dog poo that's nice as net you guys
live all over the world so what is the
weather like where you are living at the
moment where you're waking up where you
woke up today what is the weather like
Niall is literally just standing there
like dad when you're going to take this
off of me
let me take it off you Tania went to the
Maldives recently and her photos and
video and blog posts and instagrams look
ridiculous I want to go to the Maldives
so bad does anybody live in those kinds
of places like is anyone just brought up
a living in the Maldives if you are and
let me know in the comments because I'm
just jealous of your life it is 20
minutes to 6:00 the vlog is live just
before went on the dog walk I put it up
and now I need to make some food and a
lot time as always getting back though
what don't you come in home can't take
your call right now
luckily you and that figure I was trying
to see what time Zoey was coming home
whether to make us both dinner not I'm
guessing she's still at the spa
oh she's ring in hello how's the spa
going oh now it's not fair I'm vlogging
at the moment I just tried to ring you
to see whether to make us both dinner
but you're in the outside hot tub yeah
okay was lucky for Sun isn't it some of
us live in the life and some are picking
up dog poop oh no I just took her for a
walk
yeah I was gonna hide in there but I
didn't have enough time as I was about
to go in there I can see your shadow in
the door fail dumb it go and then go see
mommy Zoey is back every time every time
so he gets home from somewhere and we
haven't seen each other in a while we
have to play the game you ready
three two one oh three two one really
look into my eyes and try and sense that
we're going to go three two one
we're rabbit we got one out of three so
basically if you guys haven't been
watching the blog for long or if you
missed the blog sort of in explaining it
Zoe know I play a game spin round where
we do this look like this to get that
and then you have to go three two one
and you can either this way this way
that way and you have to both read each
other's brain you and even get one more
go three two one oh three two one Oh
heart the other way I think I would join
more we doing tonight then whoa what we
can do
relax now yeah bet your bloomin are
you've been in a spa what did you do
what did you get done and what did you
have um I didn't we didn't have the
treatments we got there vouchers and sex
all right okay now we're going to have
full body massages both of them and they
were running Lakes then worked through
this morning before they left
so they got vouchers instead but meeting
pay back into the time yeah we can go
back just borrow so these guys are
definitely going boy keys jingling I'm
gonna give them both in my dance a you
go with your boyfriend and she went
that's really sweet but you could go in
our fear that's like oh yeah yeah we
should should I know um so what we what
did you get down uh well we got there
and we were just chatting while we had
am Ahmed Tila I drank so much peppermint
tea like fully clothed that's good
that's like Carmen yeah um and then we
went and had afternoon tea it was lovely
and then we went in the spa we went me
outside jacuzzi it was SAS when we spoke
to her on the phone when you're chilling
in the app surgically um and we also
went in two of the indoor jacuzzis the
Maddy like the Jets well she was didn't
to get heroin she was like shuttin that
yeah it's cool
I really like I have liked everything
and I loved Islam
my room a pool massage is I'm with jets
in the jacuzzi and there's a steam room
outside like a steam hot really yeah it
wouldn't hide we didn't see that wasn't
there last time
hmm was there still with the gnomes I've
logged it last time German rain outside
was it frogs when we went outside
jacuzzi you guys should remember from
the vlogs oh you took there's a snapchat
guys if you don't follow me on SAP just
so you know I having a competition with
who can get their snapchat videos having
the most opens which is when somebody
music Zoe Zoe is way ahead sir everybody
go and follow pointlessblog on snapchat
please if you do know if you did one
thing today guys if you do one thing to
make me happy today
go follow pointlessblog on snapchat I
promise you I'll not let you down with
my snaps they're going to move
especially tomorrow the day you're
watching this not even joking we've got
tomorrow I haven't even told you guys
too much what was that that was uh some
weird jump tomorrow we have got two
guests coming over that I hardly ever
get to see and it is not Louie and Riya
it is two friends of ours that it's
going to be good it's going to be such a
fun day they are going to give you a
hint they're bringing their dog over
guess who it is in the comments in fact
in the video the other day I said can
you guess who's coming over later and
the thumbnail had Louie and Raya in it
so that was stupid of me wasn't there
we've just sat down now and we've got
some soups that we bought the other day
that we just heated up and last night we
forgot to watch we started a new series
BBC series called 13 it's kind of like
Luther kind of like broadchurch kind of
thing and it is insanely so so it
reminds me of Roger WC Fame no but
broadchurch is an ITV it was so I wonder
if it's the same like believer I am sure
or something I don't know I met the
director and the writer whatever I
really watch everyday I told you didn't
I know ITV you tell them how much I love
that yeah I did I did and wasn't a yeah
and this is just really really good so
he goes on tour
watching 13 I think I spoke about it
over there my daily blog need check it
out although we missed last night's
episode so we're about to watch it now
lost we're having dinner
how creepy is this intro music for the
program I was planning to go to the gym
tonight now I've got biscuits the
biggest chocolate bar in the entire
world so easy in some chocolate cake
thing from earlier on Oh guys working
out it's just too hard when you've got
things like this at home then that that
one see you in the morning sleep well
I was trying not to wake you up so I
thought I just end your silent the
invoice over tomorrow even me trying to
do it silently guys and voicing over I
still won't show up Wow and I'm not even
in focus right I hope you enjoyed the
video I will get you tomorrow out of
focus
tomorrow is so exciting we've got two
guests coming over I hope you're ready
good night
the shoot is going good so far guys we
are currently down on like a little
beach bit by the Thames the water is
coming in fast so we just had to we came
down that ladder and now I don't know
how we're going to get back up
