all my bags are packed and ready to go
guys I have had the most rush morning in
the entire world the time is 11:35 at
the moment I've got to go to my office
to pick up some of the merchandise to go
take photos of I've got that full of
merchandise let's take photos of and
what else madam what else man and then
I'm going to get to the train station
all by 12:19 and buy my ticket and it's
Sunday so it's going to be busy oh my
gosh but the main channel videos done is
hilarious so I hope you enjoyed it it's
gonna go up the day before you are
watching this someone's ringing me my
dad sees outside right let's go
goodbye nickel 1 baby baby baby they
just go to the office I've got a taxi
waiting outside I need to find this
merchandise I don't know where I put it
it is somewhere in all of this all right
I've got it I can't show you what it is
because it's super top secret but I've
got it alright ok oh good my office
goodbye let's hope that the taxi driver
hasn't driven off with my suitcase I've
got half an hour on my train oh sorry
I'm half an hour until my train I'm and
I didn't miss a train oh my gosh don't
know what to do with my top why am I out
of focus off Pete David am just edging
up the new vlog and moment on the train
trying to get it ready for tonight
we're rollin their lovely the weather is
just me
thanks for getting in the way cool just
look at that there's no lovely for Danis
hopefully gets London the weather is
still good photoshoot but I every time
we put our lunch recently is lovely
weather here as soon as I start getting
on the train stops raining so fingers
crossed it stays good with the shoot the
shot that I shoot every single time I'm
on the train to London man look at that
oh and it's gone trying to edit on an
incredibly rocky terrain it is so hard
because the trackpad thing of like shake
II don't get it
always take the stairs even if you've
got a laptop and a case on you I'm just
arrived I'm half an hour early half an
hour
that is not like me what on earth is
going on here yeah - how's she do I just
feel like they have a blog match today
where everyone is here we're just
shooting some stuff now
get the phone's out the shoots going
good so far guys we are currently down
on like a little beach bit by the Thames
the water is coming in fast so we've
just had to we came down that ladder and
now I don't know how we're gonna get
back up
Sarah's modeling away look how lovely
we've got so lucky with the weather
although it's deceivingly cold we're
making it look like it's warm just bear
in mind when we're taking these photos
it is so windy and so cold and just try
my best to make it look like it's wrong
guys the water is coming in quick oh my
god no no no I can't go out
oh my gosh run run run
holy crap oh my gosh did you get caught
no you did oh my gosh that's so funny
no my not too bad finish up the photo
shoot and went all get all done man the
photographer has left to go off to edit
the photos and work on those I'm just
watching Phoenix's new video and making
sure that my videos go good in 45
minutes I got my main channel done on
the train and on the uber just sit down
some food Sarah's jamming to her new
cover she just added to the video now
got tonight which is yesterday for you
guys I'll Cameron's just text me right
my lens is a little bit blurry today
doesn't seem a shot
Sarah's just left now just caught up
with all of the daily vlogs with it was
that music
what display my youtube video music
background music all get the to new
videos life the daily vlogs just
connives
camera main channels just collide you
have to check them out I leave a link
down below as always it is time to head
back to biter
it's super productive day I didn't go to
much a photo shoot because we shoot
photos so there's not really much I can
shoot set for me being like opposing
something Sarah if you don't already
know makes YouTube videos her name is
Sarah close and you've got two concepts
them I'll leave a link down below to
Sarah it's where you can go check out
one videos and I just asked if she
wanted to help out with a bunch of I
spawned in there and the photos and she
was up for it which is also so we just
took all the pictures we have to talk
for a map with us who's another amazing
guy hopefully hopefully the pictures are
going to come out really good I think
they are I think they're gonna call
really cool also those of you who think
you know all of the merchandise and
what's coming out and that trust me
yeah don't there is so much stuff you
guys don't even know that I haven't
shown you purpose in videos you've seen
some bits but there's a lot coming oh my
gosh it's busy bloomin heck
believe it or not guys I am thirty
minutes early for this train sounds
unbelievable
and usually it would be but I'm being
honest I'm not even joking nobody is on
it yet no 30 minutes early there are
also tons of you guys back there all
screaming this is the closest seat to
the front of the train without going in
first class the front of the Train means
that you get off first that's what you
want I'm finally home and tucked up in
bed oh my gosh today has been so
incredibly long guys like so so long
oh that's Luke you give him mommy kisses
kisses I mean I don't know if I'd want
to be lift up my nostril so carry on
kissing mommy now I bumped into so many
of you today right in translation there
was a group of you waiting for me and
then there was also like 5060 people
just in the train station that came
straight over as soon as I saw him as
soon as I started having as soon as
Hadassah soon as I started having
pictures with those of you who were
waiting because I tweeted saying that I
was on the train on the way home which I
didn't really think about would mean
that people would come and wait so thank
you so much it was lovely getting to
stop and I literally I reckon I was
chatting for you guys with you guys for
like over half an hour so it's lovely
meeting you
there's also three people there that had
traveled super far to come and see me
today and like just waiting at the train
station waiting to see me and then a
long time left before their train home
and it was freezing
like poisonous just so it's been like a
lovely day like really nice weather but
it's just smart isn't it March is cold
so I said to them oh wait I've actually
got a tons of merch literally that I've
been doing and the photoshoot today in
my suitcase why don't you guys take a
jumper and a hoodie so I just gave them
all like a jump or a hoodie each
depending what they wanted and yeah
they're the very first people to ever
have merchandise except for me so I hope
they enjoy it if you're watching I hope
you enjoy your jumpers and your hoodies
you are the first ones my merch
officially goes on sale you guys don't
even know what ink
there is so much stuff that you guys
won't even know that it's come in man
I've been preparing some of it absolute
months and months and it is it is
officially coming in launch in at 5:00
p.m. this Friday a year ago yeah there's
some of that but it like ya know I know
like so long ago know but also I've been
doing these ones I'm tiny Ansari
off-camera like that stuff the ages as
well yeah we sure do you know what that
means
anyways yeah so much has come in this
Friday at 5 p.m. by being the same time
as my vlog on Friday be ready be excited
I just thought I'd update you know that
my home with Zoe and Nala and I'm in bed
we need to get some food it's a Sunday
which means that it's okay to have a
takeaway should we order some food I
mean I've just made it up but I've got
my main channel my daily vlog and a
photo shoot done today and I edited 2
gaming videos on the way home on the
train so you got two new gaming videos
finally the scary one I played the one
that played the other day that I was too
scared to carry on playing and I had to
leave my office that's coming this week
as well oh my god guys we're watching
cross and this dog literally looks like
Nala with a full body wing when he has
the wig on yeah it doesn't even look
like a dog no it's not it's got pop a
human name as well when it falls out
like balances along nice so tired that
you can literally do anything to her did
you take it take it take it
tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle are
you so tired
we had a busy day with mommy go to close
the blinds she had to come all the way
downstairs because of what turn off
these lights and the blinds man it's
like 1:00 in the morning it's time to do
what how it's time to do my teeth and
put in my braces I've altered I just
realized that the smarty face still
hasn't come on I'm gonna catch you
tomorrow
your aim for today's video is $22,000 as
you can see my bump in the mirror a long
time 22,000 buns up I'll catch you
tomorrow
