Hey oh gosh coming in good girl
where you going coming in that's owed
good morning guys
I should probably not be that loud I'm
gonna wake up the neighbors oh my gosh
it's freezing it is so cold I'm feeling
flippin good today guys today's vlog I'm
gonna make good because yesterday's as
I'm sure you're aware was a little bit
mismatched I wasn't the best at vlogging
yesterday but I'm back and I'm gonna do
it well today I'm gonna do a good one
look up lemon lovely the weather is feel
so lucky to live in Brighton Brighton is
awesome coming in at 1 good girl
every morning we'll weigh up knowledge
food it's normally meant to be 90 a
little bit lucky today you got an extra
graham gun then good girl
haha how are you doing today guys how
are you doing comment down below what
you're up to I'm interested to know what
you guys do on the weekends so comment
down below now what you're doing today
I'm going to spend today filming my new
main channel video editing that video
and then planning my I've got a photo
shoot tomorrow in London for new
merchandise super exciting so I've got
to plan that and what else do I got to
do take novel out in the wal K and
upload the daily vlog just do yeah lots
of different bits to do but I want to
know what you guys do because when I was
younger and I didn't do the YouTube
thing I used to like go to town every
Saturday used to go to the cinema you
sugar bowl in ice to go to the park and
play football I used to go to the beach
for barbecues I don't have time for any
of that anymore I just make videos all
day every day you havin fun in there Zoe
has been pretending that her name is
Vladimir
and she's just creepy what are you and
your vampire or what she's not naked by
the way I am what are you well right now
I'm like a bomb on the bus man snowman
Vladimir is a vampire yeah yeah okay yay
so the other day my friend my friend
Callum you guys know calyx he tweeted a
video of two girls in absolute hysterics
because one of them drew eyes above her
nipple and a mouth underneath and then
face swapped with her friend and it
worked and the nipple was her nose at
mattum on her face so we want to try it
but obviously you're not allowed to put
girls nipples online because state world
is stupid and fash tech free the nipple
stuff so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna draw face around my nipple sharpie
though we can't use it
we can't user why because a sharp he's
actually like let you yeah Sharpie won't
come off my nipple well I've actually
got a Sharpie here perfect no fees not
gonna come on come off you got potential
yep over the boys you go fatty Sean I'm
gonna draw my nipple you want to do that
I don't even know if I can put this
online voice nipples you're alight for
online right well you already cooked
like don't try this at home guys not
encouraging it we just want to try and
see if we can face what my nipple was oh
his nose are you having a nicely be
mourning or look at that stretch all
right you ready yeah I don't know if I'm
ready I don't want to shop it once it's
next to my face yeah do the left one oh
I don't know two idea hey watch your
mouth don't do the massive
blew my neck
okay oh my gosh can you feel it real out
this is going to like this is going to
show through my white t-shirt wait you
need your mouth as well yeah okay that's
enough right we're done we have the
nipple face and now we need to just go
into face swap on here
it might know where it might work
hopefully it's gonna work we're gonna
swipe you're gonna right look at my
dimple guys I need to come down like a
little right right you hold my camera so
I can go of this oh my god it's doing
that it's not it's not like this oh my
god just to think I've ever seen
wait how do I make this peacock favor
there we go oh my gosh guys check out my
nipple nose okay wait I want to see if I
can do it with my own nipple oh my gosh
you hold the camera hey guys just
chilling here with my nipple Hey
Oh God the nipple filming is done and
successful oh my foot
and it's on snapchat Blumenau look at
this how am I ever going to get this off
it's a sharpie it's definitely just
gonna stay on there now Oh bloom and day
if I wear a white t-shirt you're just
gonna have to see this through the
t-shirt look at that imagine if I'd that
tattoos on there right we need to get up
yeah yeah we need to take this little
one out for a w.a okay I'm gonna put you
down here let's open it together Oh
Scott little pulley thing that didn't
work very well I have to believe in this
side there we go
yeah I've got some explaining to do the
first thing I want to show you that I
just got is a new video microphone
apparently it's just amazing Louis said
it's like glitchy like this big my
current one that I use is like massive
and it's good but it runs out of
batteries you can forget to turn it on
and off this one has no on/off switch
you can't ever forget you know the
amount of youtubers that I've seen and
I've done it like three or four times
myself filming an entire video and
forgetting to like main channel sit-down
videos and forget to turn the microphone
on that one doesn't have an on and off
switch it's always on as soon as you
plug it in so it's good oh hello and
this thing I've got some experiences so
basically you know I had those little
fluffy things and of my camera that
Roman gave me I don't know what brand
aware they were from I then bought and
some micro muff ones which are very very
good but extremely expensive so online
Jonathan told me the name of someone's
that would do the same job but were a
lot cheaper you get like thirty five of
them one for the same price I then
bought them and I think I bought the
wrong item like I bought the wrong thing
so basically it didn't work which left
me with no fluffy thing on top of my
camera so I just gone and ordered the
original expensive ones because I need
some ones that work so I did say this
company was extremely expensive and it
is expensive but they are a very good
product so I just wanted to wanted to
apologize to the company for saying
saying that I'm not using their stuff
and now I am I don't want to I don't you
guys to be like wait I thought you said
you don't like those fluffy things on
your camera from that company I'll be I
go I do they're really good they're just
expensive they're like twelve pounds
each one each one but they do the job
I'm gonna lie oh I don't want to open it
in my mouth I could have just put the
camera down basically a little bit of
fluff and a little bit of velcro it goes
on top of your camera and it makes it so
that you can't hear the wind which is
going to be handy because right now we
are off to go take it all on a walk and
we were also going to go to a garden
center just to look around and chill
maybe get some food
and children if we can't get food
because you're not allowed dogs in the
garden center restaurant weirdly garden
centers can you sort that out please
medical centers revention we've taken
Nala and then they weird my camera just
stopped recording
anyways I'm going to stick this little
fluff in it on top of you guys yeah you
won't even have to see it you might be
able to hear the difference hopefully
and let's get on with the vlog so we are
back outside with another toilet visit
with Nala
I just remembered guys that we haven't
used this hot tub that I bought in like
when did I even get it like a year ago
we haven't used it I don't know whether
it's what I'm trying to clean out and
use it one day but I feel like it's
incredibly it's incredibly dirty right
look at that on top of it we need to
like can I see it I can't even see
inside I don't think it's going to be
too great I think I might have like
ruined it
come on Emma see you ready and your big
old coat we got the roof off guys I
haven't got anything to hold you on
tight so I'm gonna
no I'm going to drop my camera Nala you
having a good time you having a good
time pup can you hear me better now it
go that it'll stop evening
we have been walking we have no idea
where we are we're in the middle of
nowhere in the countryside it is
absolutely gorgeous Nala is loving her
life what are you sniffing probably like
a batch away or something
oh why do we badger way oh I know
probably is batches all around here
I have no idea where we are the weather
is amazing it's not hot it's not cold
it's just like perfect for a walk and
when air is super fresh guys look at
these rabbit holes she's in never built
like badger or something that is crazy
no don't let it go in there look at that
though where does it lead now I can't
even tell you how big that is guys but
look compared to my foot on my foot is
massive Wow
that's crazy I love when trees do this
like make the shape of the top of the
vans or lorries would ever drive through
they all bend over an arch but at the
height that they won't hit anything and
they're all not nearly walked India and
that won't go lower I think that's so so
cool this makes me want to live in the
countryside and get like a quad bike or
a Range Rover or a Land Rover or
something Nala is way more fit than me
but we're going to try and take her for
a little run you ready Nala coming in
let's go let's go guys if this was a
good idea I'm wearing like boots look
how far she is and people say that pugs
are just fat and lazy yo oh my gosh
Kiernan Conan
go go go
we've come to the South Downs nurseries
Oh watch out for the cars here we go
now let's bloom and excited calm down
Missy oh my gosh this is like a
next-level version of what we've got
that is so crazy
ha ha ha she was scared of that but what
we actually coming in here for it's just
a chill we don't even need anything we
don't need any flowers we don't need
fresh fruit on the way out there stools
that sell amazing fresh fruit that's all
we need
I forgot that this garden center has
tons of animals and I'm obsessed with
the fish you guys probably all watched
Roman Atwood and if you don't you may
have seen in my blog that he has the
most insane fish tank you have ever seen
in your life but he doesn't have I don't
believe he doesn't have one of these
fish this is what you need Roman if
you're watching you need to get one of
these fish although I don't think
there's just salt water so you might not
be able to get one but one similar this
is cool look at this it's coming it's
coming come up No
damn I can't get a proper good shot Ben
Zoe a min ago filmed him and he was like
right up at the edge look so sick and
there's tons of fish in these Zoe's
runoff I'm guessing she's gone to the
guinea pigs look at these little guys
sleeping in there hello mate hello let's
meet like me hello guys hey how you
doing
look at these little guys chilling up
here
what is that Wow
in like a liberty way gosh oh look at
him he's like these awesome colors look
how lovely this fruit looks guys look
how red it is oh my gosh let's get
everything from here yeah yeah yeah got
tons of fruit guys we're gonna have some
good smoothies if you guys have any pet
supplies this place the pet shed at five
ways in Brighton is the one say hello to
the woman she's so lovely and sells the
best dog stuff and our animals I'm sure
I'm sure back in the car so I got two
massive packs of kanigan small breed
chicken dog food I was about to set off
oh you can sell if you want yeah but
watch what your camera does I'm gonna
capture and then I also just got these
little treats here that I just never had
before let's see she likes that I was
just telling everyone how lovely that
shop is and that woman yeah they need to
go there she just said that last time we
were in there we had a picture with her
son who I think is ten years old and she
said they had some was on an app the
other day you have to guess who the
celebrity is oh really
and you're the number one most guest
celebrity on the app no yeah she was
like my son wisher I don't know what
happen is she's like my son was showing
me zoella he comes in here with a
diverse than most guest person might see
if she likes that
is that yummy where are we going
what's taking our while to eat which is
good oh and it's gone and she wants more
yeah left that went down all good where
that went down a treat would be the
right thing to say and now we have to go
and get some some food for ourselves
because we've only had so far in that
pizza where is it
we just want the restaurant page there
isn't it the gray one I think that's it
I really want to eat that okay why don't
we eat there well not now should not
doggie with us another place that I'm
gonna shout out guys is five ways deli
here so I just walked in now they've
closed everything off stop seven food
but I was like please could I just get a
cheese toastie please so they're making
me and Zoey a cheese and ham toasty each
thank you so much it was closed I love
you guys and it's actually one of my
really good friends on TV was working as
well that's what I think I got wave n-no
no what's this what is it is it a little
bit of saveloy for being such a good
girl today mmm yummy look how much we've
just bought we've got cheese toastie ham
and cheese toastie Zoe's favourite drink
at n go I literally haven't had a tango
for so many years and I saw it and I had
to buy it
we've got from the garden center a rocky
road we've all eaten one we shared the
other one crisp gris-gris crisps just
thought delicious delicious and then so
much fruit and stuff and then some of
these vanilla so today has been blooming
productive we've had a good old day
haven't we it does feel like a Sunday a
set from we won't be uploading mention
our videos today
that's the only thing although the day
you're watching this we will be I still
need to fill mine I've got a photo shoot
tomorrow at 2 o'clock
let him edit it tonight I'm gonna have
to film my main channel today and edit
it today oh yeah we haven't taken our
lead in their jacket off over yet boy we
need to eat these toasters otherwise
they're not going to be totally is there
going to be sandwiches you know how much
I hate the weekends
you only just because we get so many
people that think it's okay to just wait
outside the house just taking photos and
photos trying to get pictures of me and
Zoey through the windows and like now
there's literally just a family standing
outside the dad is loving his life
trying to look through the windows the
daughters taking 400 pictures on her
phone but what you do in this is our
house we're not like Sims characters
this is like it just makes me want to
like close all the blinds and just this
ridiculous we have come down to the
beach and look at that look how like
bare it is empty I think we are
literally the only ones left on kind of
earth alive
it is incredibly calm like there is no
wind at all and it's not even like cold
like I could legit be in shorts right
now and it'd be fine
obviously recently there was so much
wind and the sea was so crazy that look
the stones have gone all up onto this
part here and then the right up against
the wall normally this wall here is like
so deep easily but you know normally
there's like 1520 stairs so we're just
laughing to be flogging normally there's
like 15 or 20 stairs that go down onto
the stones today there is like five five
stairs where aren't there all like all
the rest of them are like underneath
here it's crazy the stones are so far up
as always down here shooting some little
little shot
you want us to do running shot look how
calm it is no I love it
it's so surreal I need to come over here
like basically we were just driving over
to go get some food shopping and it's so
calm I just want to live here it's so
calm Zoey's old flat is literally there
no there's not Genovese the lights are
on
I hope you're enjoying the flat whoever
lives there now oh my gosh
look at the sky whoa right we do your
shot Zoe's blogging today oh by the way
guys if you don't already know
I will what times are going up some
point I'll try and leave a link down
below if I don't go check it out you
know where to find that this here looks
like a good old star no it's a little
bit fatter than what I thought it was
going to be I thought it was a good old
skimary skim milk skim skim oh this one
could be good look at that little guy
don't call the top here we go I found
the boy the skimmer he's coming he's
coming
let's see who can get the most skims you
can't skim at all yes you can
alright you ready I don't he'll just
throw it and show you at the same time
I'm gonna have to do it this way oh my
dad sorry oh dammit
I only got three jobs your turn yes you
can
you got one high like this okay that's
alright
draw me teach you how to do it then hold
no no no hold it like this yeah cuz you
want it to stay you want it straight
flat and you want to throw it level with
the water yeah yeah one ready yeah I
don't know if it's good it's quite like
this long I try it
whoa that was good long Zoe and I've
really put into test these little fluffy
things on top of the camera let me know
if the audio quality is better than
usual
hopefully it is leg workout run nice
awkward Alfie plus Stanley you come here
with your girlfriend something unlucky I
know I just got caught out guys serious
I shouldn't I shouldn't cheat me when I
am master clip mater you are just from
that you would call your blog got caught
cheatin but that's not a positive thing
to joke about cheating is not funny
genes awful so oh my gosh little doggie
let's look how crazy look how crazy the
sky is tonight that is mad is it go it
yeah right we are off guys to M and s we
had such good I can't look at you
otherwise I can't concentrate I just I
let you know because I get so many
comments like Alfie why'd you drive and
want to drive him I'm driving or here we
go so I am driving guys I just don't
drive to my office yet cuz I haven't
tried parking in a car park yeah I need
to learn how to park in a car park but
we are currently off to go food shopping
and we had a lovely time at the beach as
you guys know I'm not the best at
parking just yet Lenny just passed my
driving test site so I thought I'd get
sorry to fill me pocket see if I can do
it
I yeah well we have to see um
my sensors going to go mm-hmm shit feel
good are you in the line oh you're quite
far I realize are you in the light at
the other side
I mean straighten up I mean technically
in your test you're not finishing doing
for your handbrake on let's straighten
up concentration
okay that should be alright
what about still open the bank that's
Jack all right we'll get on my side oh
I've got weird your handbrake in my new
car guys it's like a button rather than
like a pretty handbrake be with that
second time lucky we're getting that
would you've been able to do between two
cars I think it might my driving truck
said it's easier I was gonna say
sometimes it's easier because you're fun
guy yeah you're more cautious I just
then I couldn't see the lines on the
floor and Lauren if you got caught
obviously you can't not see it it's a
car yeah she's shopping yeah I've seen
these coconuts and I've had I've had
these coconuts before but look at this
an organic freshly drinking coconut it's
literally got a little bitty bit on the
top weird hey let me head lock me at my
own car look how delicious my dinner
looks guys BBQ salmon quinoa rice and a
bit of soy sauce I'm all tucked up in
bed I was going to film a new main
channel video tonight for the day that
you're watching this but I'm absolutely
knackered and I don't want to have to
try and film a video while so I'm really
tired so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to get up early tomorrow and
record or got a hair on my tongue I
record it tomorrow morning when the
Lighting's all good natural lighting
we've just had smoothies and we're all
fresh and awake I've already planned the
video already know exactly what I'm
going to do and by the time you're
watching this it is probably going to go
up at the same time maybe an hour after
so check the link down below in the
description I'm going to film it
tomorrow morning though but what I'm
going to do now to be able to save time
so that I have got time tomorrow morning
is I'm going to edit this blog that
you're watching right now exactly after
this clip so that it's all done ready
for tomorrow because I've got to be in
London at 2 o'clock at the London Eye
for a photo shoot so yeah so yeah I'm
gonna in the vlog I hope you've enjoyed
it
getting my say sorry yeah have you had a
nice day Nala
I hope you guys have enjoyed the video
as well if you have give it a big old
thumbs up if you've enjoyed my little my
little dip I probably need to watch that
oh yeah if you've enjoyed the video give
it a thumbs up let's try and get this
video to 32,000 thumbs up that's your
challenge that's a bloomin lot that's
your challenge though I will catch you
tomorrow with a new daily vlog remember
to go check out my new main channel
video go show it some love tons of you
guys in it so you watching this could be
in my new video I will see you tomorrow
good night look how cute that is guys
they look so awesome
tiny licker gaze look
