good morning guys we've had a super late
start today because Louie and buyer was
over last night till 3:00 a.m. we just
had some food arrived we've got some
bagels from bagel man Nala is incredibly
tired today aren't you you'll be in a
sleepy little one and we are currently
on FaceTime with poppy and Sean who are
back now they're not in Oslo anymore and
then looking at puppies to buy if they
get a puppy
then we've got a dog mum and dad have
got a dog and poppy and Sean have got a
dog and everyone else wouldn't make much
difference now that everybody's tied
down to the dog life we need somebody
that can look after each other's dogs
they can't we can just leave all the
dogs together like if we go on holiday
how are we gonna get three dogs looked
after look at a little bread jeez oh my
God look at that sorry I've got some
explaining to do everybody let me say
good morning again properly good morning
how are you oh my gosh German did you
show you the time and just be honest we
didn't straight up straight away let's
get this out the way 3 2 1 8 p.m. in the
evening again we've done it we've
digested the information that it is late
I have been in bed all day doing emails
I had 56 flat emails that I had to reply
to and I've been putting off for like
weeks and weeks I now only have four
left so I'm happy those four can wait
till Monday I have just edited uploaded
the daily vlog of course earlier on I've
also for the gaming video up today which
are edited as well so today's been good
very very very productive except from
this blog we were speaking Hokkien Sean
earlier as you hopefully saw I feel like
I filmed Oh someone's at the door
someone's food is here give me one
second just watch answer the door who's
ordered a wagamama bloomin air there's a
big old wagon
livery but as I was saying guys
basically today has been super super
productive but just not for this blog
this blog has sucked because I've filmed
nothing poppy and sure enough don't
worry we're still gonna make it a fun
vlog I've got something really really
cool exciting planned as well to show
you guys and do with you put me and
Shawna here how was Oslo Oslo is cold
was it cut pop was it is snowy did you
use your five where is she oh my gosh
look at chasing the dogs what did you
need your industrial snow gloves I we
did it yeah did she actually do you guys
remember the other day did you buy
something got some in the airport yeah
the other day my blog thought we spent
500 pounds on a half you did it though
they were the most expensive Glock ever
then there were 20 pounds they were like
for deep snow and she nearly bought some
of those spiky things you put on the
bottom of your shoe you did sure and try
to buy some of those walking bows as
well did you go hiking
we went mining like in Albany Jimmy like
the square outside your air B&B or grass
oh yeah these guys have bought me a
present family
that's not was like the from the airport
little in Oslo today no no Zoey this is
like torture having cuffs on she thinks
she's gonna play with the dogs oh she
wants to do with the jumps she you know
I think she'd be good yeah that she's
trying to do it as well
guys I think we should enter niala into
crops even if she's rubbish and she
loses or whatever it is like the worst
you can get I think it'd just be fun
they treat the dog like it's a horse
good girl
all right let's see this let's see just
present then select close my eyes
one that is the heaviest piece of food
I've ever felt what is it naki stop with
truffle oh yeah
sick that's actually good I thought it
was gonna be a joke hello look at that
guy's
I'm obsessed you guys know I'm obsessed
with truffle and I love my favorite food
is pasta thank you
we shouldn't have ordered the sushi we
should have just eaten that the only
reason puppy ever comes over here is
just to see Nala not to hang out with
Zoey and I my eyes like actually crying
of X I'm not happy even a nice cuddle
Hey
I've messed up this blog so bad so what
I'm going to do because I don't want
this vlog to just be rubbish or not
upload because I've had such a
productive fun day and that's the most
annoying things I've had such a good day
but I just haven't managed his lighting
is with me turn this light off but I
just haven't managed to get the vlog
done so he gave me a present earlier
guys and I don't if you've ever seen on
Facebook but have you seen people make
it miniature food like tiny little
burgers and things and like they've gone
crazy viral like 50 million views on
some of them people just doing things
miniature don't know why people love it
people just I suppose it's like I like
small dogs like Nala or miniature teacup
pigs that weren't really viable and
everybody started buying teacup pigs and
so Zoe gave Fitz's oh he gave me these I
think they were from her peer box so
probably from one of you guys this is
mini kitchen magic Finetti spaghetti
maker and you make tiny miniature
spaghetti look on the side here how
small it is that's so cute and the other
one is mini get your magic tastes
freshly baked cookie creations 10
miniature cookies look up lemon cool
they look and the same they're tiny to
hold as well like they're literally
miniature like this so I'm going to
leave the vlog here and then tomorrow
when I wake up I'm going to make these
review guys because I just don't want
this vlog to be boring I don't want
there to be nothing to watch I don't
have to miss a day so that is what I'm
gonna do enjoy the rest of the video
hello and welcome to the next day hello
hello hello right it is time to make
some spaghetti fun Eddie spaghetti maker
and some tastes freshly baked cookie
creations make up that what we're doing
today
apparently I feel like we should just do
one of them today and if it goes well
then we'll do another one another time
but what do we make first mini spaghetti
or cookies apparently they only take 15
seconds to make very put you guys up
here up there sorry about my hair it is
an absolute mess today just ignore it
right sweet so remember hey guys sorry
we've got some cookies cookies cookies
cookies
let's open it out art some sellotape
closed oh I ripped it we've got some
tiny little pooper scoop some little
Scooby scoops we have got all the
ingredients this stuff here and then
we've got a little some little trays to
make the cookies I have no idea what
we're doing we need to follow these
instructions number one please ask
adults help to cut I'm an adult that's
fine oh and I've already got scissors
here as well let's cut this magic tray
along the indented lines done there
number two cookie dough open the cookie
dough packet zero zero one in the tray
mix eight scoops of cookie dough powder
and four scoops of water one two now we
need four scoops of water one two three
four alright going to mix them up with a
little spoon this is our cookie dough
this seems so bizarre
doesn't know I feel like I'm doing like
in a kids playground like sand or
something that smells good can you smell
it oh yeah that does smell good right
we've got a little cookie dough's in
there and it says microwave your cookie
for 15 to 20 seconds wait one minute
before call carefully take out the
cookies are you sure you're not supposed
to add the chocolate chips yet oh yeah
you made to add chocolate chips nearly
forgot about that
you can add white or milk you've got the
option
yeah and we'll add some white ones so
this here are our cookies we're going to
pop them in here
15 seconds can you see them
are they cooking up oh my god they smell
so good
can you smell so good look at them ah
that's amazing right now it says leave
it there for one minute and then you
serve your cookies in this nice little
bag and you can make up to ten are you
ready to see them do you guys think
actually good comment down below now
what do you think they're gonna be good
or not
you ready look how cute that is guys
they look so awesome tiny little cookies
look look how cute those little cookies
are do you want to taste from first no I
don't want you don't watch what you eat
I can't trust them so he doesn't trust
them so I'm just going to go for it
myself I'm going to go for the one with
the most chocolate on it as well see
it's hard to see this little one here no
I think the cookies gonna be good you
ready mm-hmm actually pretty good does
it just taste like cookie dough serious
that's pretty good mmm
I would give this cookies a good rating
I'm gonna give them a three point seven
out of five on the cookie rate em right
that is it again guys I know this videos
will mismatch some weird and that it
will be back to normal tomorrow which is
actually today today's vlog so far is
awesome I'm going to give you a hint in
what is coming in tomorrow's video and
you don't know why I see you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up if you enjoy
their I love you so much
good night Nalla has been obsessed with
this new toy haven't you haven't you
