good morning guys
this is where white what you mean the
showers get out of here good morning
good morning so for the last few day
guys day few days naina has been
obsessed with this new toy haven't you
haven't you
women AK she's trying to kill it and we
couldn't figure out why this toy all of
a sudden until Zoe is just remembered
the to avert always fell down the back
of the sofa the other day when she was
playing with them and we never got them
out so I'm gonna get them now down here
oh my god piggy and her jog she doesn't
know which one to go for look who it is
it's piggy now she doesn't care about
that one anymore
it's piggy piggies back over there
piggy piggy piggy piggy oh my gosh oh
it's like she's seen her long-lost
friend oh hi she doesn't know today she
wants both of them at once no Lisa K she
just doesn't let go of piggy does she
let's just say that someone is excited
that piggy is back oh it's always got
both of them what is happening I want to
see
which ones coming back I'm bettin piggy
piggy piggy piggy piggy piggies yeah oh
no chance no chance she's letting go of
that again it is time to go on a dog
walk let me open the gates hopefully the
guy hasn't partners car in the way of
our gate today you ready for a walk
Missy are you ready to go on a little
walk I love your coat look at you good
girl Nala
this is nice isn't it and we are home
that was a lovely fresh walk not very
cold and I don't know if it's because he
saw the video or not hopefully didn't
because that's embarrassing the car was
not parked outside our gates today what
have you done got yourself in such a
pickle I have got two minutes until my
mom is arriving to take Nala and buzz
off to the vet from the beds changed up
my t-shirt as well because I may be may
be sorry did I wake you up
maybe I just spilled my drink dammit
Isha well it can or that one sorry we've
got two really exciting guests arriving
at the house in half an hour
comment down below now who you think it
is you're probably watching this and
you've seen like tweets or instagrams or
something so you're cheating if you
already know your cheatin if you don't
already know
comment down below now who you think it
is I never get to see these people
because they are never ever in this
country but currently they are in this
country and they're coming over tonight
we're going to get some pizzas I'm just
gonna hang out and we're just gonna
chill and just catch up and it's going
to be awesome
but for now I need to remember some some
food before they write because I haven't
had lunch yet my new video is live and
Bluma neck blue minute guys you know the
black books the black limited dish ones
where there's only 500 all sold out
already the videos just go live they've
all sold out
absolutely crazies have you got one
congratulations
there's one Zoey managed to get one so
we
happy give me five all get no that is
still asleep absolutely knackered from
earlier are you sleepy and we have got
two guests still on the waiver I just
had a text now saying we've went on the
way there like 10-15 minutes away
well yeah I'm excited
so you know you're gonna have a strength
of the competition so the other day I
bought this little rock climbing
bouldering toy-like
piece of equipment and I want to see if
you can hold down for five seconds five
seconds each finger I've just done it
confirmed your turn so you have to take
turns each finger five four three two
one next one five four three days one
five four three two one
nice fun going white we've got the pinky
we've got the pinky left Yeti
no you have two on the same hand go by
four there's no even down come on put
that down
three no come on no show you how your
pinky there we go this one yet it there
now keep it there that's really odd Nala
what are you barking at next one puzzle
here do they actually our left hand
that's even harder wait yeah yeah
oh yeah going you got that three to one
now this half of the little finger this
is the hard run all the way down got the
chi-chi's equally two fingers on your
little finger alright this one left hand
this one this one get it yeah oh my god
that hurts so bad you can't do your foot
wait you hold it in one stronger baby
toes baby went to market
oh no why do you even buy this you know
what it is it's a quick master gnarly
you're doing your pizza in the laptop
yeah hey where's picky gone
oh there's teddy bear there's teddy all
right today's special guests have
arrived you guys have come to down below
who you think it is
I made them guess I said they're not
often in the country
it's very another liquor it is guys how
are you guys doing good rising little
beads of wine before never that's so
crazy
did you did you enjoy it what you've
seen a Brighton so far really good one
but you but you just where they were
doing their dance impact but massive and
Louie carries around 14 camera you think
I'm obsessive campers wait until you see
this this is just like normal standard
what Louie blogs with every single day
oh well you're caught you land and
you've got your other camera as well
yeah look at that guy's
both of these are bigger than the camera
that I'm filming on donkey boy that's
quite queer and you can and you can look
these red buttons so if I'm like going
through a crap don't tell him oh wait
that's quick no nice let they come about
so we've just ordered some pizzas and
Louise vegan Gigi member ages ago and I
went vegan for 24 support me when I went
vegan for like five hours that time
although we did have a good lunch didn't
we have a dumb panda suit yeah so good
Louie has ordered a pizza and just added
everything vegan you could possibly add
a seven pineapple you know how many in
any meat since that day I lasted like
five hours literally I'm so bad you know
I tried to vlog in the other day on my
big 70d Louise now introduced me to the
Lumix gh4 which he doesn't use but you
saying I should use it why don't you
like do you know I can't remember that
was using it that's because you got all
of those guys down there but the I used
to use that and you can shoot slow mode
96 frames a second on that as well Araya
has never had a mini egg you've never
had a mini egg Louie now you can't
you're vegan you can it's not chocolate
like it there so yeah zoe has got the
biggest back they don't normally come in
that bigger bag dry skimmed milk dried
way from NASA no oh my god
that's so good there is your thing yeah
yeah
literally yeah they normally come in
like a tiny little packet nothing like
this have I shown you guys Louise new
haircut yeah this is like legit his new
style yeah we just cut my hair we
trimmed it look it's better like that
it's more manageable literally just
trimmed yeah actually put back hey I'm
thinking of just changing my hair to
like that I go I think you think cuz it
always be down then now you and I should
do that man you've been going your hair
for like 12 years
reinvent myself you gonna do it if
you're gonna do it I would say you
company yeah just get rid of the dreads
and have like hair really if you wanna
do a reinvent because if you do that
that's not half-heartedly then you might
regret it and then you've got another
eight years to get it back hmm or you
just go for it you live that adventure
so you can get it gone I can't imagine
you without dreads though but I can't
put it what people Photoshop you would
like a different hairstyle yeah not that
convincing way but right any of you guys
watch and I really good yeah but I don't
look like that do I know like going at
you I do today I do look like that right
now does it help you imagine early yeah
it does
yeah yeah oh my god what do you think no
I like what you know yeah yeah yeah I
can't imagine doing it would be so weird
definitely not the short dress like what
like little pigtails you just go for the
pineapple head yeah I mean it's kind of
similar to mine right huh
yeah I think with my new it oh my not
impressive I know I've got an egg for a
head today
a shiny egg head we're currently styling
my hair and wise doing her hair as well
I mean I think I'm going to come off the
worst out of all of this yeah yours this
looks like like if like if someone yours
just looks like if someone goes to the
gym this is the least flattering hair
oh yeah like literally on top of your
head right everyone's finished hair is
done I don't know if I'm going to fit
everyone in everyone show their hair
normal just hipster this is not normal
it's like when you're waiting for your
man bun to grow out yeah my new
hairstyle I did actually have my hair
when I was younger I used to have such a
solid quiff like yeah like you know when
when I was younger I didn't used to wear
like hair like wax I swear like gel and
it would be like solid like did you ever
bleach the tips no like naughty boys
markets usually that yeah weed stores
have bleached white bits from the NSA
guys were watching my first ever you now
have a Facebook group because I'm trying
into a different Facebook account up
there oh my god this is no good
so embarrassing look at my hair we just
do you now know Oh might you do it look
at me oh my gosh I was so embarrassing
why would your face so long then I think
I just got stubble I love the office you
know that we did is on there as well so
I actually did open up
yeah hi guys just getting changed now
get him ready for bed Raya and Louie
have just left it was so lovely getting
to hang out both for them tonight
because as you know they are literally
gallivanting all over the world like
every single day they are somewhere
different so we just never ever get to
spend time forgot my braces it's good do
my teeth I put my braces in my braids
are in my teeth clean Oh
literally pitch-black right it is time
to go to bed now guys thank you so much
for watching today thank you for
following me around I'm not too sure
what I actually filmed because I just
had such a mismatched day and it's now
like 3 a.m. absolutely crazy the support
on the new book has been phenomenal so
thank you so much they're limited
edition black books sold out within like
minutes like literally all 500 of them
gone in minutes and Zoey and I managed
to get coffee for Zoey so I've got one
and Zoey's got one I think my mum
managed to get one as well well I still
got my t-shot on what's going on what
all right
I'm gonna end the vlog thank you so much
for watching today I've already said
that I love you so much give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I don't know
what else to say how many how many she
would give them a target for today Zuri
what's their target 50,000
50,000 thumbs up even challenge debt by
zoella the one and only give the video a
thumbs up I'll catch it boy
I love you so much keep me in awesome
keep doing everything you want to do in
life do you move what makes you happy I
love you good I'll see you tomorrow see
you tomorrow it's 3:00 a.m. blue my neck
catch you tomorrow good night look at
you in it like a seal ah
