come on in
what are you doing the book with the bed
come on you guys good morning good
morning everybody
as I woke me up this morning at quarter
to 8:00 on a Saturday asking him for if
I want to go food shopping quarter to
eight I know but I agreed when I was
asleep I didn't think about it
I'm coming I'm getting up just tired you
come in come in my carrier I'll get up
as soon as I get one of these hey I'm
getting up and getting out I can it's
just bloody cold it's time for the
morning weather jack today is bloomin
icy looks nice though nice and fresh
super early for a Saturday where my
shoes though is currently instant dog
treats
doesn't that look like a dog treat
packet though come on we need to get
going now
stop delaying us sorry about my hair
guys you can have to ignore it for this
part of the vlog we haven't got time
need to put any product in Sue's floppy
see you later bye bye
this door is so hard to close why is
this lippy wow that was lovely doesn't
it look over there shut up I literally
been in London early two days this week
did you hear that did you just hear that
opening the bootlickers like from the
ice check that out that looks awesome
you ready yeah
oh I started drawing at bike and it's
too frozen why would you do that as ice
close at the door if all just came
inside holy crap I'm so cold
don't throw at me don't throw at me
you technically threw that at yourself
the technique the technique you did
though who is excited for vlogmas if we
both got a lot planned got a lot of time
out of the office like doing fun thing
we got multiple trips we got yeah one
rail we need to go and get the real one
as well so in 2015 so he bought me got
me an advent calendar and every single
day I opened a new little present from
her it was more like a countdown to
Christmas because it was done with like
envelopes and called envelopes I don't
know why you've done that unless they
can't hear us if that's what the aircon
is like by the camera
and so it's like a countdown to
Christmas I put clues in an envelope
every single day and then Alfie had her
like fine to the present in the house
basic present every single day another
one from Zoey accounting now to
Christmas
then I attempted to do that last year we
worked out I did more than we thought I
did like 16 quite literally dead
I did like 16 I'm pretty sure your
viewers know you did do that like fine
no I did it
I didn't but the reason why it seemed
like I did last was because we went away
and I forgot to take any of the presents
away with us is when you gave me the
most suppose anyways this year what
we're doing is we're doing alternate
days so wait who's doing day one I mean
it's gonna be me isn't it no it might
I'm ready
yeah well I'm ready are you I'm ready
for of course I am so it's 12 presents
II um I might have got all 12 at the
house yet but I've got them yeah I've
got I'm ready
the whole point is I'm ready I'll go
first then Zoe I'll go first and we're
gonna take turn because obviously Zoe
daily vlogging during vlogmas so we're
gonna take turns
I'm gonna do on the first so it's going
down the second and then you have to
watch each of our vlogs to be able to
see he gets the other one so on my vlog
I'm going to be giving you a present
yeah okay so I'm giving you yours on
mine and you're gonna be giving me mine
on yours yeah okay
every other day so 12 gifts each 12
gifts each I'm excited are we going to
do Clues I'll just give it to each other
whatever you want maybe one I might put
one of mine up on a weather balloon
float up in the sky
so cold I think it's the time of year
where I have to admit that it's cold now
and wear like leggings or whatever they
are like leg warmer things long johns
underneath my trousers because I am too
cold right now I should have bought more
than just a hoodie this is what I need
right now to warm me up and now I always
get a bit worried with these things I
wear it's actually going to come out
from I can't help but look over there
Zoe look at that it's too early am j has
a game where every time I'm with him he
plays it started off as can you spot the
youtuber which quickly turned into can
you spot zoella so every time we're in a
shop you have to go to the magazines you
have to see if you can spot you oh I can
see Dan and Phil and Joe Joe Oh
saffron as well my girl Taylor hey there
I am look at me come Winston's are out
of Beauty Jim and me Caspar why that
game lasted about five seconds
yeah everyone you got it go on one hand
don't hurt your back who's put their
trolley right near it but just not not
in it that's so stupid
there we go
so nearly just fell over in front of
there see people started off new train I
don't think I've even told you why we're
shopping for Christmas things you
probably think enough it's a little bit
too early
we've got ton of zombies they school
friends work friends you know not you
needing that uni college friends we've
got a load of Zoe's school friends
coming over today to have their like
Christmas together
an early Christmas so Zoey and I are
hosting it and and they will stand over
we've got big old Turkey which were a
little bit worried because it's not
defrosting quick enough so we've
possibly got a turkey and a woman just
then in the meat section just told me
that if we put it in cold water or
defrost faster I can't see anything
falls faster yeah then you have to put
your hand as she said hand inside the
cavity and feel around if there's any
ice and if there is and it hasn't
defrosted last minute - to try and get a
turkey that is defrosted or a chicken if
worse comes worse imagine actually no
it's going to a magical cook a chicken
we just don't tell them and we see
whatever anyone says is this a chicken
of course they will but mentally if they
don't know but I don't judge me now
we've got everything we've got a bloomin
cheese board we've got yeah we've got
everything you could possibly have a
Christmas in us what we just bought now
we're doing that a big big Christmas
dinner tonight
and I'm also gonna so it's not even ten
o'clock yet in the morning I'm also
gonna try and nip out into Brighton town
centre into like shopping because
tomorrow you know I've told you guys
recently in the vlogs that I bought a
woodland and I invested in a woodland
recently I bought a what yeah anyways
that happened recently well I've got the
keys and everything now like fully the
paperwork took months to go through
I finally got the keys and everything
but we haven't been there yeah it's me
and dad again it I mean I've been there
like viewing it but I haven't been there
since I've got the keys since it's been
like legally mine so dad and I are going
over going over there tomorrow morning
so I'm gonna try and go and buy I'm
gonna go into town later and try and buy
like a bow and arrow or crossbow or BB
gun and some targets or something like
that kind of thing not an air rifle
because I will end up hurting myself or
dad or he'll yeah that won't go well
that some kind of like target practice
that we can do tomorrow together in the
woods when we go in but yeah it's just
going to be gonna be a - I feel like
today is
because because it's Saturday and I've
been working my butt off so hard
recently on this new company that was
setting up in the new office that we're
opening and things and the office is
coming in January hopefully hopefully
fingers crossed I've got another meeting
on Monday to see if it's all like
working out the way of what you would
love it to work out but what does it say
yeah I feel like this is the first like
my first proper day back login because
I'm not in the office and I'm not just
full of meetings all day every single
day so I hope you enjoyed the vlog if
you're enjoying it give it a thumbs up
this is like we're going back to old
squaw fee from now go longer videos more
chatty me filming more warm up to more
of what I'm doing I'm just stuck in
meetings all day at the moment but from
like next week and stuff I've like cut
that right down as much so yeah we want
we want on December vlogs to be sick my
last day of work is next week and also
I've been planning is it well my last
day of like being contacted yeah doing
emails know about the meetings yeah
we've been planning as well
and I've been planning things for this
for this vlog for this channel that are
going to be different because obviously
Zoe and I hang out a lot we're aware
that when we both log there are similar
things within both videos like what you
both both angles what kind of speak both
angles but I've been planning some
things some old-school Alfie kind of
things
old-school pointlessblog they're going
to be happen during drachmas I've said
that I've got slightly similar oh this
is a whole nother conversation Zoe
lifestyle wrote her blogs earlier than
me though an Italian have logs at 4:00
p.m. so I'm going to leave that I'm
gonna leave the debate down to you guys
so Zoe it loads at 4:00 do I close my
eyes because I can't see the Sun is
right in it yes do I change my upload to
and progress to 4:00 p.m. so that Zoe
and I have the same upload time and then
go back days so if someone watches my
nerf or are they gonna score what your
office at 5:00 yeah I'm gonna make sure
that our vlogs are different and never
doing different stuff if we both update
okay I don't know you guys decide what
do you think I know and I've been having
5 p.m. for like years on this channel it
will only be for one month and 4 p.m. do
I upload a for every single day and just
tweet me let me know what you think
whether I should change to 4
I synchronize researched I picked for I
think it was because I you know you can
look at the times across the world yeah
I think I picked four because I was like
that's a good time for a lot of every
yeah yeah and it's like after school but
it gives you enough time to get home
from school if I have no idea do I
change my played four o'clock to
maxchloe or do I keep that five o'clock
I think only doesn't work if you went to
six because then people would be there
at 5:00 going where's this video but if
they go there at 5:00 there's more I do
visual reading video yeah no that's true
that's true
right we're quite rushed now you know
our friends have just left their houses
and they're about three hours away
we just stopped off at the petrol
station as well to get some logs for the
fire to make it feel extra and
heat the house up
everyone's arriving in like half an hour
the fire is all and it's put these away
everyone's arriving in like half an hour
cut my finger minute ago I've been
wondering why I've got really weird
plaster on that I couldn't find the
right size so I'm sure to stick one on
there I've got to cut it twice it cut it
was peeling the potatoes then I cut my
palm was peeling the potatoes and then I
cut my cart whilst making it anyways
mashed potato ready roast these mash
Zuri's paper is mash so we have
mastermind barrage dinner we've got all
little cute little glasses and snacks in
it which I want to show them what you've
done to the table and the bedroom it
looks so good
Sainsbury's yeah we ordered an online
shop and when they delivered to the
house both the bottles we all dead have
still got this on it's fine because we
can still open in Selfridge looks like
we've stolen it which we haven't done if
we go upstairs yeah oh yeah we've got
this bit as well which is really cool to
say right now links down below if you
want one are nice actually you know
Jesse went to Dubai with she knitted
these for us
oh no even if I because there we go she
knitted these for us as I'm even in
prison yeah the fun little fact so good
fresh towels little chocolates on the
pillows check this bedding guys it's
like soft Christmas no way it's got your
mini on air if we were staying here I
would want to have the blow-up first
this this is one block bed like it looks
like two on top of each other but it's
legit one it's so sick that's like a
blow-up bed I know you need you to get
ready they're coming on in like 2000 a
Christmas jumper have you got song to
choose from yeah all right I'll see you
in a bit farewell
yeah big cheese board anything else
text me I'm off to town to go and buy
these
BB guns for tomorrow in the woods or
some kind of bow and arrow or crossbow
or something fun for me and dad to do
and some cool targets I'm asking telling
them or so I'm also going to pick up a
cheese board because we don't own a
cheese board but we've brought lots of
cheeses so that's my plan although I've
realized that I'm also kind of wearing
like tracksuit bottoms and a hoodie kind
of just like chilled comfy clothes I
know I sat down and spoke about it a
little bit earlier on in the video but I
just tweeted a minute ago saying
pointlessblog vlogs is back wait until
tomorrow
meaning today you guys are watching this
because I'm aware that the new company
that I'm setting up has just eaten so
much of my time recently over the last
like two months or so and
the length of the vlogs has dropped the
amount of like fun things I'm doing in
the videos has dropped I'm aware like I
know I know I know I see I see you're
still supporting you still this just as
many of you watching as before but I
feel that I'm not more I not I feel I
know that I'm not putting as much time
into making these videos as I am into
starting up this new company and the
office and growing the team and
everything and of course I still want to
go to their company and do all of that
stuff but I do and I'd like to sided
that I want to stop it more time again
into the videos so that's what to those
videos so long it's six minutes was 12
lunch time you probably this video is
probably already longer than the videos
this week that I've made so just in case
you saw my tweet and you were confused
I'm back the vlogs are back logs are
gonna be longer the vlogs are gonna be
better
vlog this is going to be sick so you
know I'm gonna be doing so many fun
different things in our videos and I
hope you guys are happy
I hope you're excited because I feel
like I've just been like refreshed
I don't know this there's been nothing
has happened that's made me be like what
we need to put more time again into my
videos I think I've just missed spending
more time making videos because that's
what I started doing that's what I love
doing
I don't know I'm just excited I'm
excited I've just arrived just arrived
at the shop this is the one I don't know
what I'm going to be able to buy but I'm
thinking some targets like this
there is so much choice all of these
different kind of guns I'm going
something without co2 I'm just concerned
they were pure guys I got more than what
I went in for that was so sick
so not only if I got to carry all of
this that is a crazy heavy as always now
ask me to pick this up yeah cannot even
describe how heavy all of that was I
didn't even think about like metal BB
guns I'll show you them when I get home
or I show them tomorrow's video mm metal
pellets a metal like massive metal
target a chopping board glass is a case
for the guns I didn't think about heavy
that would be damn my hands my hands
hurt so bad from like the the line in
the bags been like I don't know anyways
when I get home all of our friends would
have arrived it's Christmas hey we're
gonna have a good time and then and I'm
so excited for tomorrow's vlog now that
I'm so excited to get like target
practice in
is it big enough I told you it was big
at Korea through town the guy was that
how BIG's your bloody cheese board and I
was like big I need to lock the car
I got more than enough I got such good
stuff
we've just been preparing all of the
food chopping up all of the veg getting
everything all good already the turkey
has been buttered has been salted has
been peppered has been curbed up as been
it's been massaged and everyone is here
so I'm super excited it feels so festive
downstairs but just snuck away up to
edit today's vlog so that's off boss to
can edit the vlog we've got about an
hour and a half until the other food
starts needing to be done everything's
all good wet as amazing the day's
amazing it feels super festive when I
was in town I don't know how much I've
loved walking around but there's so many
people walking around with Christmas
hats on there's a dude dressed up as
Santa so many people wearing like
Christmas knitted jumpers and stuff it's
like today's the day today is the day
where it's like turned Christmasy the
vlog is all uploaded scheduled and ready
for later on I'm ready to help so good
pop it back in come in today
why does it not look cooked maybe take
the foil off the tops it can Brown yeah
perfect
I mean it's not looking too bad you know
smells amazing
yeah right it's still got its only
starter time so a twenty five minutes
left
yeah that's why it doesn't look cooked
yet just twisting all the veggies
I didn't realize we're actually using
the order but properly cook him in the
net for the first time okay that's
enough
really we've got so many things on the
go at once and also in there two
different things and also in there and
also downstairs in the microwave this
actually looks thick how do we check if
it's all cooked though it says when
juices run clear so how do you know hold
up the actual turkey you sort of need
two knives really this yeah I'd like
that
oh that's perfect just close it again
yeah okay there we go right we want to
put round that the roast potatoes and
we're going get this on there no no no
no all right let's get the Roasters out
that's good yeah I think these are the
best roast potatoes yeah they look
insane look at these carrots as well
guys hopefully it's all still hot this
looks this looks insane is so nearly
finished
see you so sleepy
you ain't sleep now I'm all tucked up in
bed
it's time to go to sleep I hope you guys
enjoyed the long video this vlogs been
long but though we didn't film much
obviously was my friends over tonight I
didn't want to film it but they come
when everyone too much today was awesome
it's given me a lot of hope that when we
have everyone over here for Christmas
this year
that we're gonna absolutely smash it
because you guys know cooking isn't my
forte isn't my best trait trait skill
isn't my best skin but I think we did
good tonight hmm
give me one day we had so much food
ready - three - right
three two one Hey we had so much food so
much enjoyed the blog
did you keep any me give it a thumbs up
yeah I carved with the turkey kept with
the turkey off a bear did everything you
did everything go down below subscribe
if you're not already 20% of all of my
merchandise although most of it is sold
out now I'm very aware of that people
have been going crazy towards Christmas
and there's also three new Christmas
items and there's also a snoring dog
catching the morning
Hey
