good morning guys how are you today how
are you doing I'm feeling awesome today
I'm feeling so so good the time is
currently 10 minutes past 9:00 in the
morning another one is just scuffing
down her breakfast some of you even
commented on my video once when I spoke
about her eating really really quickly
saying that you should get these this
thing where you put your dog's food and
it's kind of like bumpy so they have to
like find their food within the bumps it
sounds a bit weird unless you've seen
one of them but you can't do that with
pugs because they don't have a nose
because their faces are flat they
wouldn't be able to eat the food from
inside the bumps I don't know anyways
anyway she's enjoying that breakfast I'm
about to make so and I is smoothie for
breakfast or for the drink for breakfast
and just our breakfast what one should I
go for today sugar for this one what's
that raspberries and blackberries this
one looks more like pineapple and a
tropical kind of fruit we've got a
meeting in 47 minutes it seems to be all
quite broken up today which is good
empty it all into there yeah that looks
amazing
add a dash of coconut water let's give
it a while have you finish your
breakfast now have you don't say good
morning to everyone you know hungry now
you'll fill up yeah but I'd to add so
much water that I don't even know if
this is going to taste good now that
tastes pretty damn good that doesn't
taste quite appley which is interesting
because there wasn't actually any apples
now it's just apple juice
I literally have two sips literally two
sips of my smoothie and spill it down
myself why why am i such a fail to go
floppy you are you tired Missy you tired
look at you
you look like a seal uh uh yeah djchurch
you know hey you having a nice sleepy
day yeah
Oh nicely bday and then you having a
nice sleepy day oh Yas Yas Yas look at
her I have just finished the longest
meeting in the world
it started in ten o'clock he is meant to
end at eleven o'clock and now it is ten
minutes past 1:00 in the afternoon when
incredibly well like incredibly well I'm
glad it lasted long
Oh people are showering hey I'm good how
are ya oh those girls didn't want to be
filmed they'll let them focus don't film
us don't film us but they were so lovely
oh this graffiti is call it all of that
right I'm now in town heading off to go
meet my dad for some lunch I don't
actually know where I'm going definitely
not going down there try to take a sneak
a little back route okay I know how I am
now all good
whoa a incredibly exciting parcel
arrived today at home so when I get home
after this lunch
I've got shall I just tell you what it
is okay so a massive box literally like
this big all wrapped up the bow and
everything arrived at the house today
haven't seen it it is my new book finish
printed dude look at the size of my
burger oh my gosh chicken satay burger
looks in sane my watch some small little
skinny fries garlic dip halloumi dad dad
got the bad deal haha look at his
unlucky look at mine
Ya Allah hello
and that my friends is the daily vlog up
loaded do Shh
or get right let's go downstairs and
look at this incredibly exciting parcel
that arrived early because I promise you
as you'll be able to see from the
packaging I have not taken a look yet
and I've wanted to all day don't dude
dawn what is that do you know what it is
you don't know what that one is but you
know what that is
guys I've got it I've got the biggest
box in the world it feels like Christmas
Oh blow me a neck jeez no I drop a drop
tur I still got this one let's put this
one down here for now I'll show you that
one in a minute that is bloomin exciting
right this is the biggest box what is in
here look at it look at the size of this
look how big this is right should we
open it I don't know how to open it
I'm scared to open it this here got
dropped off this morning
and apparently oh my gosh I'm nervous
it is my book like the first ever copy
of my new book the scrapbook of my life
so of course I've spent absolute months
and months and months writing this as
you guys know but I haven't seen like a
printed one done I've only seen like
fake mock-ups to show you guys what the
front cover would look like in things
this is the first ever copy that is
nobody else in the UK yet has a copy
this has come straight off of the
printers and straight to here this
morning oh my gosh I'm not good at some
of this do I cut it do I pull it what do
i do oh they're not are you excited look
what it is
I got an untie it one second let me go
get a knife
alright here we I'm actually so nervous
there's been so much work gone into this
book and finally finally I get to see a
copy of it done this is a weird moment
guys this is such a surreal moment I'm
so I almost don't want to look in there
ah I don't know this is scary
oh no way look at that no way
it says the scrapbook of my life on the
actual balloon that is so sick oh my
gosh there's the book in the bottom
there's the book in the Birman bottom
there's tons of balloons and there is
the book oh my gosh look at this let's
cut all of this off it's so strange
feeling one like this design even like
the design here I helped design with the
guy that does all my merchandise designs
and everything oh my god like it no this
is so weird
that oh my gosh I've done it honestly
guys I didn't even know it's that I'm
like I'm like shocked I thought this was
going to be like a big chatty moment in
my blog but I'm honestly like I don't
know what to say
this feels so surreal even the fact that
on the front cover it says from the
number one best-selling author this is
it's so big and like chunky and I love
it look at this look at the inside how
cool that is if you're watching this and
you're thinking what the hell is that
outfit
what is this book of yours so I've
basically written my like it's not like
an autobiography because autobiographies
are generally like quite serious and
they're like once people have they're
older than I am I'm only 22 I'm not
ready to write an autobiography yet but
it's basic
like my life in a scrapbook so all
they're like funny stories that have
happened to me facts funny pictures
everything I just like put into a book
and written it all myself and just it's
all like handwriting but like why I
started YouTube life I've spelt things
wrong and crossed it out then it's
actually like crossed out in the book
like little squiggles it's it's just
loads little story so for example this
page here is called I'm not achieved da
da da well I'm not usually a cheat and
it's basically a story I'm not gonna
tell you what it is but there's like
this story is about monopoly when I was
playing a game of Monopoly at my
friend's house and I got caught out
cheating on video like not just like I
got saw I got caught stealing money they
had it on video like that's just like a
little story that's page 66 and 67 like
what I've done stage stuff with you guys
there's like a picture stuck in and it's
it's a proper book and what I've done
oh my look at this drawing of me look at
that drawing are they won't focus oh my
love it and this is insane so what I've
also done in this book guys is I've let
some pages black not like tons look like
as you'll see there's not like many
blank pages at all but occasionally
there are blank pages for you guys
reading or whoever buys it to fill out
themselves so not only is it a scrapbook
of my life but it all look at this let's
see the little PB logo there look at the
PB logo here look at that and but you
guys can also fill out yourself so if
you were to fill this out and then keep
it for just so like 10 20 years you
yourself can look back on your own
future I mean your own parts not your
own future that would be cool your own
past and it would be in this book and as
you saw in yesterday's vlog of course at
the moment I'm working on the app so
there's some pages in here I think
there's like 12 pages in here and where
when you hold your phone over the pages
videos from my childhood like actual
videos of me when I'm like 3 4 5 10
there's my 10th birthday in that there's
videos of me that no one has ever seen
before that are completely exclusive to
this book and this app
that pop up on your phone and they'll be
videos playing so for example one of my
gymnastics competitions I speak about in
this book when I want a really big
gymnastics competition and I've got the
video of me doing the actual gymnastics
routine in a leotard and it's in the app
so when you hold your phone over the
book over the right page it pops up and
then there's a video of me in my leotard
doing the gymnastics routine for the
competition and yeah it's just really
cool guys like with these daily vlogs
you get to follow and get to experience
all of my life that is happening every
single day but what you haven't been
able to experience is my life going back
before I'm daily blocked I haven't
really ever been able to do that for you
and that's because it's already happened
and it's too late to film but I can
speak about it so that's what this is
this is kind of like a written daily
vlog of my life up until today that's
kind of what it is and pictures and
videos in the app and everything as well
so this is so weird I just want to take
it to my parents house and show them and
be like mom look dad look papi look
although she's an Oslo at the moment oh
my gosh look at that my vice-captain
uniform from when I was in school let me
and my friend Tilly they're in our
vice-captain uniforms I don't want to
give too much away I don't want it oh my
gosh I look like a nutter there I don't
want to give too much away guys and some
like this is only possible because of
you guys so I just want to say thank you
so much thank you so much for making
stuff like this possible because that's
going to be so crazy when you can walk
into a shop and see that on the side
there is also a ton you know when I was
signing thousands and thousands of those
pre-orders though on my desk in my
office there's still some for sale guys
so I will leave a link down below right
now literally a link is available right
now be quick because they're gonna go I
promise you they're gonna go soon
they're nearly all gone already because
I mentioned it the other day in a blog
but they are there is some left so if
you're watching this right now click the
link down below and you can grab a
signed copy of this book it's been
pre-assigned by me and yeah there's only
obviously there's a limited number
because I can't sign like all of them
oh I'm so excited okay sure you open
this second box I feel like I almost
want to open it in tomorrow's vlog but
that's just not fair to you to show you
the box and dawn dawn dawn this here is
just something this is something
everybody okay well I'm not even going
to attempt to undo that bow because I've
got some scissors here so be quicker
just to snip it okay whoa whoa whoa all
right everybody oh my gosh it just looks
so sick
it looks so sick I've actually had one
of these ah
shall I open it should I show you first
okay all right let me just get it out
first and show you this is extremely
rare there is not many of these in the
world at all oh my gosh look at it so
this here everybody never could you take
that off this here is a limited edition
the scrapbook of my life it feels like
completely different it's proper like I
don't know I can't explain it I can't
explain it it's like leather Kyle I
don't know I kinda it is insane it's
also hardback and there are only 500 of
these in the world ever there is only
ever going to be 500 of these printed
and I've got one right here like I
genuinely feel lucky to have one here in
my hands so Amazon have got 500 of these
for sale limited edition there is only
ever going to be 500 of these one minute
let me focus printed in the world once
they are gone they are sold forever
these are gonna go within like a second
I assure you there are roughly like half
a million people that watch this video
every single day and there's only 500 of
these available so I'm gonna leave a
link right now I should probably tell my
mom to be quick as well because she's
probably gonna want one I will leave a
link right now down below to where you
can get one of these copies as I said
there's only five hundreds once they're
gone they are gone forever I feel like I
should put it in a safe for something
that it can't get stolen someone's going
to burg with a house to try and get it
this is just insane I've literally got
copies of my new book I let this is my
new book and it comes out on the 24th of
this month the 24th of this month
oh my this is just mad this is so
exciting I don't even know what to say
everybody I don't know
I'm speechless sorry you need to see
these look at this what you doing you
know your bath bombs into there yeah to
most places Yeah right I'm gonna just
the reveal of my new book we're doing on
the bathroom floor lying on the cold
hard ground Oh
oh my god it looks so good look at you
number one best-selling author me too -
yeah don't give away too much of the
pages sorry oh I love how the pages feel
like it feels like an actual scrap it
yeah what do you think it's coal isn't
it
good where are all the pictures of me
you might not even know some of those
stories like actually being serious
because you are there the whole time I
was writing out do you know the two
pound coin story did you swallow it you
punk why you don't know the story no
there's a two pound go enjoyed you know
the monopoly story no there's so I
there's a lot you know that you're not
even gonna know where are the pictures
of me you there's not many pictures of
me in you I only met you recently it's
because it's about my entire life guys
from when I'm born obviously where I
show them the picture oh my gosh it
thought that was something stuck in
exactly because it looks like a real
scrapbook show than the baby picture
from why not let this bitch remain yay
and when I'm born like I said happy I'm
not being funny than that we can't have
children that is not coming out of me
look at me guys I purposely chose a
really really big picture of myself and
my mom is like Alfie we have so much
cuter picture to be where you look so
much better than that and I was like mum
I want this one in the book because it's
just blue in her air yes
yes I know there's so many cute ones
reviews I was like man this one's
hilarious I have to have this run in the
burgh and look at this one as well
there is only 500 of these I'm a bronies
right but that's the only one I've got
that's the only one the other ones are
all for sale like genuinely being
serious there is only 500 of them
printed ever and once they caught one
well that's the only one of God
yeah there's righteous into the video
mom's legit gonna have to try and get on
the website and buy them oh this is
gonna be quick I love the feel of this
is like NARS packaging
look at this though oh hey I bet they
smell so strong to her the left off on
look at this you know the little peepee
on the side oh yeah and then that nice
how crazy is that
very proud of you hey you work very hard
on it right I'm gonna gallop here
because it's like a sauna in this room
it's so hot
your bath bones look blooming dish we
have a buff tonight yeah I bought this
from Urban Outfitters online guys to put
all my bath-bot
these are bubble bars bath bombs and
then other other as you do casually look
how many bloom in golden pumpkins you
got I know I think everyone knew those
are my favorite so this is they gave
them to my book signing
no all right let's head downstairs I'm
tempted to go to the gym tonight Zoey
all I want to what give you a back
massage carry that unit upstairs what
have you got little one
oh you playing with your toy yeah should
we take you out as well so Zoey ordered
a new chest of drawers why are you
looking in my house across the road
that man staring in our house Zoey's
ordered a new chest of drawers which for
some reason has been fried for a
frequent thing recently order no big
bits of furniture and which means which
means that I have to carry all up the
stairs so there is the biggest box in
the world from Urban Outfitters this
like massive chest of drawers there's
always like can you bring upstairs for
me by yourself
me I can help you Vicki take all you're
not gonna be able to help me
realistically this is pretty damn big
don't worry I've got this let's go get
some scissors look how much bloomin
cardboard there is you ready try and
carry this up we're going to try and do
it together because it's not too heavy
to carry off it's just big and awkward
so I'm going to take the bottom which is
like the majority of the weight and
Zoey's going to try me
yeah avoid Ichiro's as you get richer
yes or something hold it higher lower
down and then off the floor guys this
isn't going too well let me get outside
you come here so better yeah recycling
gone I've done a million chores and
stuff since I last blogged I'm now off
to the gym right just go to the gym guys
you guys know that I love just doing
like the bath stuff and messing about so
I follow a load of ridiculously good
working out people on Instagram and I
see what the stuff they're doing and I
want to try to help us out
you
never let me have four months off of
working out again oh my gosh I literally
died like it was so hard everything
though that I got good at from training
before Christmas I worked out how long
did it work out for guys will be like
three or four months probably like three
or four times a week for a good few
months and like and I got okay all right
all the bad stuff and I was like doing
like muscle ups and really trying to
learn how to planche like my arms I like
twitching right now even just holding
the camera because I'm just so not used
to working out again and doing that my
body just got tired so quickly but for
the first five minutes I could still do
everything that I could do before
but after literally a couple of minutes
dead like my body was just like Alfie
stop stop we don't like this how we stop
it was good dad I'm glad I did it got to
do that understand got to get back into
it and it's not it's never going to be
easy is that not everything in life
comes to you easy not everything stays
as good as it was before some things you
just have to work really really hard on
you have to work your butt off and this
this is going to be one of those things
it's going to take me a while to get
back to where it was it's going to take
me a few weeks a few sessions maybe even
a few months we'll do it though we're
gonna do it we'll do it together in my
vlogs let's do it
my foods arrived I've got chicken here
two tons tons tons barbecue chicken and
then I've got soup Teddy fries and a
chicken and bacon wrap you know when you
get stuck in the black hole of YouTube
and you just watch video after video
after video after video you end up like
I've just watched videos and I'm like
what am I even watching what am i doing
it's five minutes for four minutes past
12:00 at night time I need to go to bed
I'm so tired
like absolutely knackered the gym has
just killed me and I think it didn't
help how excited I got earlier about the
book stuff I went from like 100 million
percent excited and hyper
about the book to them working out and
now I'm like crashing hard more than
energy that I that I exerted with the
book I'm going to end the vlog down here
so I don't wake up upstairs I again
cannot thank you so much for all the
support with just everything you do for
me day in and day out it means so much
to me and yeah just thank you thank you
for everything you do if you enjoyed the
video be sure to give it a big ol thumbs
up go down below and hit that thumbs up
button it's literally just there just
click it click that little button click
like and eat it click and why does I've
never noticed that why does his chin on
American Dad look at it why does it look
like a little pair of boobs what is that
ha ha anyways I will catch you tomorrow
guys
thank you so much I've just said thank
you I'm like delirious I'm like not
really here blooming at my book comes
out soon somebody just tweeted me saying
after your book comes out oops oh about
my shorts these aren't my boxers by the
way these shorts have that like tight
knit underneath somebody just tweeted me
say after your book comes out in two
weeks holy crap that is so scary I
cannot wait for you guys to read the
stories that isn't it again like I said
earlier there's links down below to wait
and get signed copies and where you can
get the limited edition Amazon copy I
will catch you tomorrow I love you so
much I'll see you tomorrow as you're
watching this it is eight days until my
new merchandise holy Wow
uh not hello anyone there
