good morning guys good morning whoa whoa
whoa I'm feeling good today haven't even
had to bring out my chairs upright for
that I'm like oh oh my gosh how are you
leave a comment down below saying how
you are
I've just finished uploading editing
doing everything for the new daily look
that is going up tonight and I cannot
wait one minute where's my chair Oh for
you to see it Oh someone's Facebook
messaging me who's that Shay
mr. chair does to link me a video I
cannot wait for you to see tonight's
daily vlog it is a blooming good one Zoe
and I if you haven't already see now I'm
not gonna ruin anything there's a link
down below if I wanna go check it out
Zoe and I try every single healthy snack
in the new source box and it's a
blooming half an hour long video my hair
is crazy today it's a half an hour long
video 30-minute daily vlog
these logs are normally like 15 16
minutes it's half an hour long and I'm
just about to upload to go up tonight as
well yesterday you another video just an
extra video because I felt so good
yesterday filmed an extra video for you
really chilled just sitting down and
talking about things that I feel should
be taught in school that aren't taught
anyways you can go watch the video I'll
also leave a link down below to that so
you can go check it out that went up
yesterday whoa nobody came over this
morning mrs. Naomi smart Zoe and her out
for lunch now together I did not join
the for lunch because I I need to film
some gaming videos for you so instead I
popped over to bagel man and I've got a
chicken bacon mayonnaise and avocado
bagel something happened today that was
just a bit weird and I want to address
it in the vlog not because like not to
be negative about it but just because I
budget for I want your opinion on it
as well but don't we share my life
whether for I'm doing in life I share
with you guys there's something strange
happened today and I want to know how
how you would have not reacted because I
feel I reacted right I just ignore the
situation and I left it but what you
would do now if you were in my situation
so for the last about week or so there
has been this car that parked right in
the way of our driveway like Zoe and I
we have like a house and then we can
park we have like walls around there
with a little electric gate that goes
food it opens and closes that battery
doesn't like that you could like the
doors open and close anyways and we park
our cars - Aries car actually my
sister's car at the moment because she
hasn't taken to hers yet we park our
cars inside on little bit of land like
it's kind of like is a driveway inside
our driveway and for the last week or so
this car has been parking literally with
half its car poking over our driveway
low over the gates so when we're coming
in and out it's incredibly hard to get
in and out the side that the car parks
on is a double yellow line and if you
don't even the UK that means you cannot
park on this line you cannot park on a
road with a double yellow that is
against the law you get a ticket however
there is one small thing that kind of
like changes the situation up the car
that parks in the way of our driveway
and on the double yellow line both the
legal places to park has a disabled
badge which I don't actually know the
laws and the regulations withholding and
sale about I know my granddad before he
passed away used to have it's a badge
and they used to be places that we could
part when we were with him
that we weren't allowed to park if you
didn't have a disabled badge however I
don't know if that allows you to park
number one on a double yellow line it
might well do but number two it
definitely cannot let you park over
somebody else's driveway like over
obstructing our land over our driveway
but surely a disabled badge can't and
you can't do that
because
we get on cause out so for the last week
or so it's been incredibly annoying
trying to get the cars in and out
because this car keeps on appearing and
going appear in a going and parking over
our driveway this morning I was walking
off the window and I saw the guy park
his car over our driveway and he was
sitting there he was sitting there on
his phone and I was like he's in the car
this is my chance to go and speak to him
and just say please can you not do that
like I don't when you're parking in the
double-yellow you do you if you're
allowed to do that you do that if you're
not allowed to do that then you can get
a ticket for doing that but over our
driveway is not fair because it's
incredibly hard for us to get our cars
out so I really quit he opened up the
gates I walked out and I was like hi
excuse me and he was he like walked back
over yeah how he doing he was just
walking out his car and as I I was just
wondering if it's possible for you not
to park over our driveway I didn't
mention the double-yellow did I mention
it because I don't know the laws and the
regulations with a disabled badge and a
double yellow line anyways I asked him I
said really really nice ourselves like
it just makes it really difficult for
our cars to come in and out the driveway
if you're parked over our drive and do
it he replied okay you find me somewhere
else to park then what it's not my job
to find you a parking space oh I've got
my own driveway for that the pure reason
because it's hard to park around here he
was like was someone else taking my spot
down the road every single day he
doesn't have his own spot he just means
a place that he likes to park his car
somebody else has parked there before
him completely normal that's like that's
how parking works whoever gets there
first gets the space so again I just
asked very nicely okay in the future
it'd be great you just couldn't park so
closer I'd like over our driveway the
the cars whether we find it difficult in
and out and he was like practically
basically said no you go find me a
separate space if you want me to park
anywhere else and walked away
so I don't know what to do I've taken
pictures of his car like completely in
the way of our driveway outside the
driveway it has like the white nine
where you're not allowed to park unless
you're
me or Zoey because it's our land and his
car in the photo and still right now as
I'm filming this it's completely over
our driveway but but I don't know what
to do because I don't know what you're
allowed or you're not allowed to do if
you have a disabled badge so I just
wanted to ask you guys so I don't know
what to do I didn't want to I didn't
want to momen at him too much with that
because I don't know the reasons behind
his to say like his disability badge or
I don't know I don't really know what to
do and I want to ask your guys advice so
please can you comment down below with
some suggestions and ways in which I can
better the situation I'm now gonna eat
my bagel man oh my gosh this looks
amazing
look at that yo get in my belly
I've just finished filming two gaming
videos I am downloading the third one
right now food Emily wants to play it is
a horror game looks so bloomin scary on
the bass player but I've just got to
quickly jump in one conference call
first and and and then I'm gonna play
okay hello anyone there hello kind of
burn my pants a little bit guys I just
finished shooting my new gaming video
third one that I filmed today what well
it green this lighting looks awesome
space man dude yeah I get my little
second to chat to you before I leave
today it's been super successful I
filmed three new gaming videos today so
I am super excited to get those up the
last one that I just played was like
ridiculously scary that horror game I
died in the game I had to end it I'm I'm
too scared and praying out to play
anymore so yeah you all see what happens
in the game I literally prove myself it
is so scary and I hate horror games
I would say there's a good 80% chance
I'm gonna get stuck in this left it is
so broken and just hardly ever worked I
could probably it's here okay let's try
it out there is two reasons one get in
this lift number one I'm scared to walk
down the stairs after playing the horror
game and number two because if I do get
trapped in here which is incredibly
likely don't make for a good vlog I mean
it's not going to be the most
comfortable thing because it's the
smallest lift in the world but it'll be
a good vlog I just went below and get
stuck let me out and then we'll get a
snap popped up on my Twitter today that
I've never seen before
it just said on the side when I was
logged in eighty eight point three six
million people have read your tweets in
the last twenty eight names
what the bloomin had 88 3-4 million
people have read my tweets in the last
28 days that's more people than more
live in the UK there was more people
reading my Twitter per month then the
amount of people that live in the UK
like what the hell guys how is that even
how is that even a thing
crazy absolute madness hey baby
hello hello we had a nice stay home with
mummy why have I got a stroke party
going on stop strobing stop stop it's
not working oh it is yes I knew it would
work
hello little one right we've just made
some pizzas kind of kind of made them
the bases were already made but then we
put our own toppings on and then we pop
them in the oven so both of us went
boilers oh we did it first and I ended
up just copying her we went for cheese
and baked bean there is only one piece
left because the rest is in my belly and
we are now watching what was this called
The Parent Trap sound like like do you
know what you stand up yes believe that
we let's say again when I think paradise
but we were to bear trap I swear we have
watched this film in my vlogs about
eight times last year I've watched this
like four times this is not mercy good
guilty pleasure I heard you go yes my
favorite film like do you guys have any
of you got the Charlotte Crosby workout
DVD if you do be the main fitness man
when you're done the workout is like I
like it
and the two-minute so just like I like
it it's so funny oh look at that she's
just dropped in a little bit freezing
old late it's way later on in the
evening I'm watching Shaun of the Dead
and this here is one of my favorite
scenes from the film if you haven't seen
this film guys you need to check it out
oh oh my god Zoe and Nala Finn asleep on
the sofa for like the last half an hour
or so in discourage hot bossed maybe
more that's what buzz thing they fell
asleep about 9 o'clock oh my gosh bloom
I know it's late I have no idea what
this evening is gone this rug is just
gonna be like the vast majority talking
about the man who blooming stole my
driveway I just want to say thank you
thank you so much will the sporting the
new videos tonight because I uploaded
two videos today I'd never normally do
that I used to do a lot back in the day
before I used to like properly daily
vlog my life I used to just sit down
film random little chatty videos for you
that's why I started off doing on
YouTube when I first started and today
today I did that I uploaded one and you
guys seem to love net and you seem to
really get engaged and it's causing a
great discussion about what schools
should teach and things and let's really
say thank you right I'm going to carry
on doing something to do with all of
those cardboard boxes I'm still not
allowed to tell you
what it is just yet let me show you let
me show you this look how many more I've
got to fill very very soon in ten days
from today nine days for you know gonna
say what you're gonna find out should
take you out to the tweeter and then get
to bed baby into bed good girl lay down
sit good girl
none that baby you put your drink there
as well in the morning
teeth done braces in Tampa bet and I'm
gonna end my vlog I am all tucked up in
bed I hope you've had a lovely day
whoa today has been a long day very very
very productive tomorrow edit there's
three gaming videos that I filmed today
I need to edit the daily vlog get the
day rolled up get a gaming video up for
you I've got a meeting at 10:00 a.m.
tomorrow at my office
gonna be a long all day tomorrow it's
gonna be good we're gonna have fun oh
also tomorrow wait what is tomorrow Zoe
Wednesday ah it's gonna say tomorrow
Louise coming but he's not that's
Thursday that's thought that that that
that that my braces all right I'm gonna
end the road guys thank you so much for
all of the sport as I said earlier in
the to new videos thank you for all the
support on this video give it a big old
thumbs up if you feel like it if you're
feeling good let's try and get this blog
25,000 thumbs up that's your aim I hope
you enjoyed it I'll get you soon in fact
I'll catch you tomorrow
look kind of like kangaroo testicles to
me see I'm not the best person to ask
because I don't
