we're going to take this video just
super super chilled I have got a massive
and testing out a new microphone at the
moment so I've got a massive I've just
stuck it there in between my chest so if
the audio sounds weird it's the new
microphone and I won't use it again and
I wanted to talk about something that's
been on my mind recently I went for
breakfast the other day with poppy and
always kind of like a lunch
poppy Shaun and Zoey and whilst we were
there we were talking about things also
if you can hear like a massive buzzing
noise for some reason my fridge is just
kicking off calm down trying to film a
video yeah we were having like the
brunch the other day and for some reason
we ended up talking about things like
taxes and breaking up in relationships a
load of very different things and poppy
said why didn't they teach any of this
stuff in school to win Zoey and I
replied like Fair Play probably should
have done this stuff would have Ian
would have been useful so today I just
wanted to sit down and talk talk about
things that I wish that they'd taught in
school that are so necessary in life
yeah they don't do so if anybody from
the educational system is somehow
watching this little vlog of mine please
add this into the curriculum because it
would help a lot of people or just read
the comment section below as well but
I'm sure that there's going to be some
great ideas in this discussion of things
that should be brought up into the up
into the educational system so that my
hair's would annoy me so that people
when people can learn better things life
skills one of these things as I've
already just said being taxes I don't
understand when my school anyway they
didn't and I know in Zoe's they didn't
either I'm trying to get comfortable but
it's awkward I'm just gonna have a
little lean let me turn you guys around
a little bit have a lean here I'm like
leaning down on this I will in mine as
well as Zoey's schools and Sean's I know
that they didn't really teach us much
about taxes the only thing that really
said is that tax is a thing that exists
and people pay 20 percent
kind of not really true is it I mean
some people pay 20% but you pay 20%
after you earn like ten thousand three
hundred pounds a year and then it goes
up and it can change and you can have a
company and you can it is a fact that
everybody has to pay tax 100 percent you
have to pay tax if you earn over I think
as I ten thousand three hundred pounds a
year and the average salary is over ten
thousand three hundred pounds a year
so everybody theoretically has to pay
tax like why didn't they just teach us
more about it like my sister at the
moment is doing a tax return and she is
annoyed she's like how do I even do this
number like oh I don't know what you do
this like get an accountant to help me
do it and then counter expensively if
everybody has to do it surely that's a
little bit more necessary than learning
out how to work out the angle of a
triangle
another thing we were talking about was
breaking up with like with your partner
relationships breaking up not going
through a good period in a relationship
and you end it you split you part your
separate ways you could get back
together you might do but your split and
that's hard really really hard
usually on both parties could just be on
one party and the other party wants it
either way it's very very very unlikely
that you're gonna split and both just be
happy to be like awesome that's what I
wanted as well we're still good friends
not really too likely so I don't know I
don't know why in school they don't
teach you how to like deal like
obviously they can't teach you how to
deal because every single relationship
ends differently for different reasons
but give you advice or help as you've
grown up through school because
especially through the ages of like 11
to 17 18 people often go through quite a
lot of relationships unless you like me
who's only had one girlfriend before
Zoey and yeah other than that and like
Lauren my friends went for a lot of
relationships some of them long-term
some of them short-term some people got
super super upset school should kind of
like teach you that things that like
that that suck happen and to keep your
head up surround yourself with positive
people like just give you tips and
advice not once you've broken up with
your partner because it's kind of a bit
too late then you don't really want the
teacher be like I am here to hell
Elfi I know you've gone for a breakup
I'm here if you need me because I'm not
going to go to my teacher and talk to
them if I was like crying about breaking
up with my girlfriend however if they
had already taught me the skills then I
might be using them to aid my breakup do
you know what I mean I just think the
schools schools could give you some more
more help with how to deal with breakups
because a lot of people go through them
they've limits up how to be a good
person just a nice person in general
just teaching you to be positive and be
nice and I know it sounds ridiculous it
sounds so stupid I know but I didn't
really get like you have you have
lessons in school that are what are they
called like what was that thing called
and in school for that half an hour a
week and it didn't really do anything I
didn't even learn anything you just kind
of have to turn up for the fact of
turning up I can't even remember what it
was called
that's how useful it was like something
personal wedge not your not personal
education but anyway there was something
I had to do for like an hour or half an
hour a week that supposedly was meant to
be like life skills didn't teach me
anything they could use that time just
to teach you how or try and help you
learn yourself how to be a nice person
now my fridge is kicking off again stop
that if somebody falls over in the
street don't laugh at them and film them
even though it's tempting go and help
them if there's an old woman who's
struggling with her shopping go and help
her pick up her shopping bags and help
her carry them down the road though I
don't know it sounds so simple but we
learn so many subjects that we're not
individually interested in like I loved
science and maths in school and I
excelled in both of them because I just
enjoyed learning them however there were
subjects like English or subjects like
history that just didn't really interest
me still very glad that I did them
because I've learnt the skills to work
on something really hard even though I'm
not interested in that subject and that
is useful because there's a lot of
things in life that you're gonna have to
do and you're gonna have to do them well
even though you don't enjoy them so I'm
not saying take those subjects away or
take subjects that you don't enjoy a way
because it is very useful learning
subjects that you don't enjoy however
you should just be taught hard to be a
nice person just to be good just to not
be an idiot and you should be taught how
to do your taxes because everybody has
to pay taxes unless you live in Dubai I
don't think people want to buy pay tax I
think the thing there's no tax in that
country I don't know I just thought I'd
have a little ramble sit down I haven't
done a video like this in ages I used to
love doing videos like this just grab
the camera just mean you have a little
conversation and just trying to ignore
the fact that these videos get quite a
few views now because it's often it's
quite scary for me making videos and
voicing my opinion on stuff when I know
so many people are watching them it
shouldn't put me off I know it should
and that's ridiculous
because people were subscribed because
of what I what I used to do what I do
online and but it's scary because you're
a voice an opinion about something a lot
of people hear it and a lot of people
could think I'm an idiot if I both
opinion they don't like but I make
videos and I put them online and I want
I want to try and just make some more
like chilled sitting down little videos
like this little chatty ones and just
uploads is I can act a little video just
about things that interest me just
topics that I enjoy talking about I've
got another topic that I want to talk
about soon people being hard on
themselves I was listening to it I'm not
even going to start on that one if you
want to if you want to if you enjoyed
this video let me know in the comments
and you guys can do all the nice stuff
and that I'm not gonna bother asking for
thumbs up and everything you guys can do
whatever you want to do this video feels
far too like chilled and relaxed and
even though I've got a massive fluffy
microphone stuff on my chest and yeah
let me know if you enjoyed it leave a
comment down below in the discussion of
things that you think that the education
system should add into their system of
education is that right I don't know you
guys know what I mean I'll see you soon
