I saw being kicked out of bed I'm being
kicked out my bed oh it is there is this
because it looks like it's for like an
eight year old and I don't know whose
idea is or just insulted one of our
friends who just told them that he looks
like me sorry but even I wouldn't fit in
that oh is tiny Oh guys I can't get up
today I'm tired and so he's just told me
though he said this she gives me a kiss
I have ten seconds to get out better
where something bad is gonna happen
so she kissed me and so I counted out
from 10 or something bad was gonna
happen and I am NOT superstitious like
that so I got out of bed but now it's
laying on the floor
this isn't concrete we don't know yeah
it's a lovely day though there's like a
blooming lovely day kind of want to go
to the gym the gym no oh wow I'm allowed
to sit on it yes I am Alfonso is up and
awake let me show you how lovely the
weather is today look at that sky
absolutely wonderful absolutely
beautiful it's gorgeous
like a jumper today Thanks it's for
ghosts on it because everything I do is
by ghost thank you it's my day said done
everything for amazing he just does it
oh oh does it clean and it does your
head it does your editon ah perfect ah
the seven only negative thing about
making the bed means that I hung it back
into it exactly why I made it that's not
a good day poppies just Facebook message
me poppies at moment is in Oslo if you
didn't know already one of the tons of
you do know because apparently tons of
you like waiting outside cafes
stuff when they go inside them tons of
you walking around getting pictures of
her which is lovely and what we do in
why are you next my bed china penny did
you know you eating them this morning
this morning but what did you eat them
this morning yes you did
I'm I was asleep and I remember you
saying Oh whispers are so good all right
whispers only my favorite chocolate no
you were eating them this morning don't
even lie did I show you guys the massive
nutribullet that somebody sent us the
other day look at the size of that
nutribullet nutribullet rx and our last
one I'm going to be honest the last Newt
buddy we had we had two of them and they
broke straight away and I know that Tom
Fletcher's broke as well and I said to
myself I'm never ever going to buy a
nutribullet again because they always
break and I just don't like them going
to be honest with you guys I don't want
to lie to you Nev everyone going by
nutribullets and they break because all
of the ones who have so far broken we
just got sent this the other day for
free and it's blooming massive but it's
so much better than a big one yeah and
this big one is so far awesome like
really really good look at that look at
that region you know if it's gonna work
now go the fruit judging by the amount
of food that I just purchased you'd
think that I was having a party or a
meeting or people over to my office
today but I'm not I just I just saw it
and I thought you know what I want that
salad wait that's my favorite sandwich I
want that wait they've got chicken soup
today I want that as well I want some
bread for my soup
I want a ginger shot to make me feel
good and wake me up I want a coffee to
give me some energy I want a water just
because water is good I'm ending up
buying so much phlegm in food right I'm
at the studio at the studio not the
office so keep on calling it the office
this is not an officer's too
unofficial it's too relaxed to be an
office I'm at the studio and I've got
I've got iPad with me today because I
want to play some gaming videos that are
on iPads and on iPhones and of course a
good play on my phone but then it limits
out the size of the screen to be like a
little slipper
rather than if I pound on an iPad then
obviously it'd take up like a bigger pot
you guys will get one get to know what I
mean when you see the videos so today
I'm going to try and get this iPad up
and running and up working and then
download a load of games on there and
play some fun games for you guys it's
currently Monday with people often find
the hardest day of the week to get
inspired to get that working to have
full energy and put effort into what you
want to do in life so what I'm going to
start doing and I'm going to start this
very day today right now I'm going to
start getting up in the mornings and
listening to something motivational even
just like a video that I find
particularly inspiring a talk from
somebody that I find that inspires me
all just in general like this today I
just got up in here I literally went
onto YouTube and type your motivational
talk and this one is called why do we
fall it's six minutes 14 seconds long
I'm going to eat my chicken salad whilst
listening to this hopefully it's going
to make me feel really good it's going
to make me feel everything that they
need today to work and do everything as
best as I possibly can and I'll let you
know how it goes I'm going to try and do
it every single day get up first thing
listening listen to something super
inspiring that's going to that's going
to give me the boost that I need every
morning to get up maybe even get to the
gym
tomorrow's could be a workout
inspirational video let me tell you
something you already know the world
ain't all sunshine and rainbows
with a very mean and nasty place and I
don't care how tough you are it will
beat you to your knees and keep you
there permanently if you let it you me
or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life
but it ain't about how hard you hit it's
about how hard you can get hit and keep
moving forward so I'm working on a few
new videos at the moment that aren't for
YouTube so if you don't already know my
first book let me quickly show you I've
never done that before that was fun
my first ever book I've got one of them
here my first book the pointless book
number why you see this it came with an
app on your phone you download it and
they're having tons of exclusive videos
and pages and content and just secret
stuff that wasn't anywhere else for you
guys you have the book to enjoy number
two point this book number two came also
as you can see up there with a little
symbol another digital app on your
mobile that had tons of exclusive stuff
that unless you have this book you won't
be able to see now guess bloomin what
you're never gonna guess book number
three this isn't actually a real copy of
the book the pages are blank completely
blank this has just made you look like a
real book for me to show you I think I
get oh I think I get the real book
tomorrow or Wednesday book number three
you will never bloom in guessed bloomin
what Blumenau his guys only wanna go on
APA's near so many gone and got a
bloomin app but because this book look
how fancy it looks this book is just
brimming sick it's so big as well I
cannot wait to get my hands on an
official copy anyways anyways anyways
this wasn't even meant to be that self
promo my third book that big old one
look at it it's even got the little PB
logo on the side it comes with an app
again that has exclusive videos but
because the book is about my life and me
growing up and getting to where I am
today being a 22 year old the videos are
going to be me that you've never seen
before
childhood videos videos are me being a
teenager videos with me dancing on the
stage in a
rest when I'm younger videos of me
playing in the garden with friends
probably I don't know I'm currently
editing those videos up so I'm currently
on my laptop here and I've got some
really really embarrassing videos that
are going to go into this app like I I
don't I don't know where they're to put
them online there's some videos here
that I'm like editing up I'm not going
to show you too much oh oh oh and they
have some really embarrassing footage of
poppy and I together both of us singing
and dancing to songs like my mail and
puppy blog in the puppies literally like
talking to a camera like I am now
but I don't know like who she was
addressing because YouTube wasn't around
when she was doing it she's just is on
my 10th birthday she's like vlogging it
talking to the camera send our guys this
out his 10th birthday and I don't know
what she's gonna let me put in of the
footage because it is so embarrassing
hopefully she's going to let me put in a
lot of it I've just edited three of the
videos I want to try and aim with like
12 videos or something like that for the
apps that there's 12 videos that you
guys have never seen before
and that won't be won't be anywhere
unless you have the app but I need to
get through to poppy before I send them
off to my book publishers to put me into
the app obviously I need her to say that
it's okay for me to put them in because
she looks she looks funny should I say
in the video so that's what I'm working
on today producing those videos they go
inside my app for my new book that is
the aim and then you just reminded me
that I get a hard copy like physical
copy of my actual book and there is
something so exciting as well that's
super secret nobody actually even knows
about yet to do with the book hopefully
I think I'm going to get to show you on
like Wednesday or Thursday this week so
get ready for that because that day is
going to be mad I've officially never
sat on a computer for such a long period
of time in one go like today has been
insane I've just been sapped editing and
editing and doing emails and taking
phone call after phone call
phone call I need to do something for
this vlog that's fun I need to get home
leave the office I did film another
video as well to go up in this channel
probably the same days you're watching
it I love December's you're watching
this probably tonight
there'll be another video it's basically
on know you'll find out what it is it's
cool I just filmed it here that's the
setup let's leave this studio because I
am knackered and hungry and wanna see
Zoe I wanna see Nala and I want to get
home I've been wearing comfy clothes for
100 percent of today 100% I've been
wearing tracksuit bottoms then if you
noticed all day because I just thought
you know what I'm good in working from
the studio might as well be comfy now
I've got a dressing gown on since my
home Zoe is not feeling too great she's
up in bed just trying to make some
dinner whilst my dinners cooking up I
thought I would open this that arrived
today should we do it in here ah we got
Astro be like going on we've got Stroh
be stop stop strobing there we it
stopped it listen to me right Zoe
ordered this just like anybody else she
pays for like I think she signed up for
a year actually the other day pop he
also signed up for it I was going to but
then I thought what that's a bit silly
having two of them to our house so Zoe
signed up thank you so much so I'm about
to open your box whilst you're upstairs
I hope you don't mind
sauced box hello I'm opening there she
heard me is that bad
do you not want me to open now there
isn't a name I kind of crossed out so
they wouldn't find out our address I
don't know we can't see his name is
Ronnie because it's crossed out my name
how'd you know cuz I subscribed but is
crossed out so you don't know it could
have accidentally put Alfie on there you
don't open it together my god you're so
soft I know
God how nice is this dressing-gown what
if where's your dog she stayed upstairs
like she's just staying asleep in the
bed hmm
right are you ready to see what's inside
here
ruff is assholes yes what my aunty says
was I even mean
well assholes always do I need to find
out what is in this box
also Samba 30 flipping egg I was having
a nice little chat with my audience
assholes
what is he what are you doing
you pipe my asshole face I can feel fat
like Jonah go upstairs go back to bed Oh
open my saw saw saw little get it so I
need to take this off be on my I'm like
I'm like tired into it as well
look at this I tied I don't like a scout
not yeah what is that
oh no no no no whoa are you ready to
open this up so spawn a live the camera
holder Oh Bob pitching me with the
source box that's what Jeff squad
well you didn't even know what a
sasquatch was don't tell them you're not
allowed to Google comment down below
right now what a sasquatch is three two
one you win well done okay hey you're
the camera hold up no I want to be in
the video alright are we gonna open it
like this
oh I'll own now get have you come to
open no nothing - sir sauce box it's
definitely not either of your sauce fine
lemon XO is building some tripod you bet
you've probably gotten a tripod in the
room next door
I haven't okay that would do we'll just
have to lean forward a little bit like
this no let me get enough DVDs oh I'm
all right
oh yeah okay this is cool I think yeah
head like not feeling great
yeah I don't really feel great but do
you know what make you feel great women
sauce boss fight right eat you already
that right did you know they make the
paper
and edible too evidently Knox's not
paper is it right if you didn't know
guys are about to open our sauce box
just say so
but one more time everyone's gonna think
I'm sponsored by marks no me guys are
got a discount going down but I actually
don't they should do that marks know me
sought me out discount code for my
viewers if they want to get one right
should we open it he was open in there
do it together
you pull trying to get a knife
oh you know you're strong
Oh smelly you know why do you know where
you're strong
cuz you're in bouldering yeah we have
rock climbing at one time well you
weren't rock climbing at one time I
bought 30 rock climbing shoes well I
would have gone again tonight but
Shaunie isn't his Nosler knowledge do
you want to give up climb in she's
literally sitting on the on my dressing
gown just cuz it's soft right this here
is a sourced box oh my god I think I get
it it's so smoky it was gonna get so
annoyed with me this here is my sourced
box can you edit that so like rainbows
come on like right PM look like the
snapchat one wake I'm right you keep
them in the menu do you want to open it
on look at this let me know their fancy
aren't they
you can ice their boxes did you not see
the first one I think I did that you
opened air rip the tissue paper
oh I didn't do it so well then through
the door right I'm gonna read out what's
on the menu you have to find that
product to ensure the mess okay okay so
first of all can help cacao energy balls
health box kitchen a handy snack for any
time of the day these energy balls are a
chocolaty delight that will keep you
going and they look like this box
kitchen
and here these these energy balls or
they're quite heavy aren't they energy
balls look kind of like kangaroo
testicles to me see I'm not the best
person to ask because I don't actually
all right I like that I mean that's good
see I'm not like the biggest like health
all right I need to talk agent it's
already like hot bus eight and evening I
shouldn't be in an energy ball but how
much is in this fault
hmm it's like ridiculous how much you
get I'm not just saying that because
they're my friends but like there's so
many things in here yeah there's a lot
trying to get fun with that do you want
to get them no with that right item
number two Chile and Oregon Oh olives
Oh naughty I don't like olives Eve I
like olives every day my boy cute
packaging yeah clink I imagine I love
that he's not be a oh yeah well they
stopped him in delicious they do small
but you know what they smell like
you don't want my mouth you know when
you go to a market and there's like a
stall and they have all olives mm-hmm
Oregon Oh was there no picking that I
saw in the head no not good
no oh twat twat
don't wanna this isn't milk this is milk
and pink Himalayan salt my lk o
chocolate milk and pink Himalayan salt
you'll probably like this because you're
probably salted ah so it looks like this
it is milk chocolate and pink Himalayan
salt look at the packaging I have no
another the culture knows my LK is that
your spigen everything is everything in
this vegan I don't know oh this is vegan
on it should we try it yeah
did you eat my voice then yeah oh look
at that I won the golden ticket I love
that package in all these like no indeed
package
now chocolate is my biggest thing if I
if this tastes nice that's like that's a
good tick in the box
yeah for healthy chocolate it is
actually it's really nicely only ah
would say is short it's it tastes darker
than I like chocolate but it's really
good
I wouldn't know that didn't that wasn't
like milk chocolate which I like that
I'm just not a big fan of salt you don't
like salted caramel no sea salt and
caramel yeah about that but I could eat
that doesn't mean it can eat it I would
still eat all of that in fact last night
a whole box of chocolate fingers Ross
watching TV in China a lot I came down
here to look for the rest of that box
and I was like oh there was one down
here yeah not you any other one I came
down to look for that so I just get your
second box yeah all right give me
another audience member blooming good
tell me the next thing no true we'd go a
bit quicker unless you want this whole
video Japanese away right by a bomb bay
over superfruit energy bar are we going
to be trying everything so this videos
going to be long hair if we do this clip
for only 12 minutes
are we trying everything okay I'll try
this you start looking read out the next
one what it is okay so the next thing we
obviously wouldn't try and try some you
try first
I actually really like that
yeah it just shows up I like ball in the
chocolate yeah tastes like a fruit bar
energy release but this just kind of
stuff like we should be having that that
is my favorite so far that you should be
having that more like a workout or
something like before doing like yoga in
the morning or your bum workout whatever
you do you should have that energy
release source of vitamin C energy
release immune system skin have perfect
this is good whatever this is my
favorite so far
okay the next thing is Japanese tamari
supersedes the UNAMI field mix of
crunchy scenes the Japanese tomorrow for
a rich savory hip oh let us see it self
you put them on like salads
oh don't open my mouth when your tongue
yeah good try everything
it's like Smarties my gosh there's so
much in hair there's a couple let me
smell em mmm tastes like nuts it's not
good I could just eat that coconut water
and tropical fruits coconut water and
tropical $100 and natural is coconut
water has a hint of the exotic and is oh
no guys there's a typo no there's not
and is great for rehydrating after
exercise marker your grade three
spelling is really oh that's not for me
No do you think I like it did I you have
to try you out bitch why the only reason
I don't like it because it's worn no
sorry guys I were if that's been in the
fridge I reckon I would like it it's
just because it's warm it's coconut
water
yeah bitch warm warm coconut coconut
water for me has the like consistency of
milk but there's no yes not milk it like
messes with my brain right next thing
next day raw cacao goujian acai berry
air brownie our brownie give that to me
in the first box so in the firm looking
out and I loved it yeah got delicious is
it as good as the other bar it's dark
but real good
too dark for me do you not like that no
I like the frowny in the first box
January but but I don't know if you can
get non dark like vegan healthy
chocolate
I'm being serious can you get this milk
chocolate is milk because there's no
that's for me but could you get could
you add like coconut milk instead so
it's not dark but then it's not milk I
don't know but there was these chocolate
buttons in the first one remember they
tasted like milk chocolate I don't know
what was in them Apple Oh fig snacks
these women big Wow they literally look
like waivers I don't if I can eat that
it's the texture I don't like you know
like polystyrene ewwww
I've never tasted something like that my
life what that is so weird
whoa we'll try that bit of apple isn't
that crazy cuz it's been freeze-dried
it's all there it's like the stuffy that
got so much flavor in it but it's like
this is like the lightest thing I've
ever held I like crazy
I hold that yeah I like that's so mad
that's really cool mmm the big one yeah
right what's next lightly salted coconut
curls mmm you're gonna like these and
then salt it I just love with the
packaging it looks just so like so it's
coconut with rock with rock salt
I'm not big fan of salt like wow these
look cool it's like a toenail I just
said it looks good you said it looks
like a lemon toe now that is the
strangest thing because it's sweet and
coconutty but also salty that's nice
I can't work out if I like it or not
yeah I really like that I could eat this
whole 10 I think I would like it more
without the salt
I love polka I could let you eat that
and I don't know so it's cuz it's like a
little bit like so right next then this
blip is so far as 17 minutes on I'm
sorry the entire blog is probably
getting taken up by there you can make
it quite choppy
oh my Salmons Oh then we've got two more
things marker and cinnamon munchies yeah
Macca and sumit cinema munch all oh my
god
yeah that's good see I'm not a huge fan
of cinnamon nevermind I can't taste
cinnamon oh my god I could easily just
eat them just like guys like Christmas
in a bag if I had that on my desk in the
studio I would literally just be like
bobbing in them they're really good no I
need to stop my literally the oven is
going let me quickly go to hell for you
coming on almond and cashew Brazil nut
I'm cherry
so the one we boys almond and cashews I
guess they've also got Brazil nut and
cherry paleo bar you know is that diet
is now hmm marc has had a paleo book on
the side the other day one answer his
they contain only four to five
ingredients and tastes amazing
you're good at dinner babe abs super
fruit powder powder sprinkle on music or
porridge and mixed with yogurt or blend
into your favorite smoothie or juice as
oh that's cool we should put out a
smoothie then this is be unstoppable for
cough sore throats when rundown travel
allergies and more be prepared
max strength immune formula I'm guessing
it's made from like bees if you put that
into a smoothie as well I think you put
it on your let you put it on your food
awesome my favorite and I will this I
know maybe these leaves are blooming
good these are my favorites
well actually the olives were sick as
well these were my favorite she's all
mine so mine was the a dinner I don't
have that foul back feyo Bob Mayo bear
Bay okay
thing but Alan Thicke a mine mr. olives
with Chilean Oregon oh and the more Matt
matcha matter whatever cinnamon
something matcha something something I
don't no matter whatever these things
right my actor dinner is cooked now
after try in like fifteen different
random products I'm going to go and have
my dinner hope you enjoyed this little
segment although it wasn't so little
let's carry on with the daily blog we
just finished watching a program
I don't trusted wife in your finger of
your lips both wrinkled thirteen Zoe
watched episode one last week with Mark
and absolutely loved it and the dresses
I was trying to scare me off to watching
it the end of episode two was so intense
I did not expect that to happen did you
know that was crazy and you need to
watch it Guyot you guys need to check
out it is scary so scary it's about a
kidnap so it's not the nicest thing if
you if you get scared by creepy people
by kidnapped yeah well like creepy
people then you did you don't want to
watch it hmm
I don't like yeah so you keep some
singing the creepy intro and I dance it
like weirdly um stop we need to cocked
bed hey sleepyhead what are you doing
down there
oh okay you having a nice evening
sleepy evening oh look at your chest
look guys this is why we need to we need
one each like this don't we Nikki oh
likkle chin look under your nickels in
you guys can't really even see her Oh
baby we gone up to bed don't go to bed
oh you stretch in and you're going back
to sleep haha you my name come on in I
am all tucked up in bed I'm so wide
awake I was like
this close to just doing a workout Leon
has been texting me a different workout
to do every day and I haven't done it
today I was like this close to doing
that but I just thought if I do it now
it's going to keep me awake so I haven't
done it I'm very sorry Leon I will do it
tomorrow morning I'm gonna end the vlog
I just and that's what I'm gonna do I
hope you've enjoyed it if you have give
it a big old thumbs up as usual your
task today is to get how many so we say
random number how many likes they have
to get the video just 27 okay we're in
27.0 hopefully I'll get 27 not again now
let's stop licking your legs did any of
you sleep with a dog in your bed they're
just guys all night anyways my battery's
about to run out I'll get you two more
in love you so much good bye
I don't know if you can see but behind
me over there is a pirate playing a
flute why why not
