good morning guys
how you do it man I am so sleepy today
the plan was to wake up super early
today like 7:30 with Zoey get straight
up have breakfast
p-ting all about her wal K how to say
that now because she knows what the
other one is she's fast asleep here
aren't you
I knew no one living in her sleep yeah
her kind of didn't happen I kind of
ended up staying up last night watching
that DVD you know the DVD I showed you
Zoey watched about 30 seconds of it and
fell asleep I watched the entire thing
and was left wide awake because
obviously it's like a kidnap horror
scary kind of movie anyways oh he did
wake up so she's made me a juice hope
hopefully it's going to taste nicer than
the one that I made her yesterday
because my one was blank that's good
that's really good
it is officially Mother's Day today
which means you have to spend the day
thanking your mother for being so
awesome so amazing giving some time back
to her and just letting her know that
you appreciate what she does for you but
I also need to fill the main channel 50
ha now I do need to fill my main Channel
video so I'm going to really quickly
edit the daily vlog now whilst in bed
with Nala and drinking my juice then I'm
gonna jump in the shower jump to town
film a main Channel video and then I'm
gonna go and celebrate Mother's Day at
my mom for a few hours and then we're
going to come back I've already told her
she's not feeling too well actually at
the moment she's been ill for the last
like week or so not like video just a
little bit ill that's the plan that's
what we're gonna do today we're gonna go
film videos we're gonna go and see my
mum and hang out and say happy Mother's
Day and thank you for being the best mom
in the world that's what we didn't do
I've got to be quiet because zoey is
filming a new main channel video next
door but I just made the bed and it
looks amazing
I've managed to make it as well as Zoey
makes it I feel like a proper grown-up I
can act
my am my new daily vlog is uploading its
55% uploaded 13 minutes left until it
goes up and it is time for me to jump in
the shower
oh you can't join me I'm gonna have to
kick you out it's gonna be luck clips
get out I need to shower get out ah
bye baby see you later hi I'm all
dressed all dressed and ready to go
shoot my new video at my office how did
you filming go great yeah oh my let's
show this room I perhaps have been
filming this room yeah yeah maybe I
laughs laughs not a lot okay I just had
to Blair that shot a ton because I just
walked into that room that I've said
that I'm not gonna film it or Zoe wants
to film it didn't mean to do that yeah I
went town the other day with probably
insurance to get her a present
and we went shopping but we just I just
couldn't find anything you know but mums
are hard to buy for I think I think my
sister it's easier because she knows
exactly what my mom loves like my sister
could choose a bag and my mum would be
obsessed with that I don't know those
kind of things for my mum so I'm all go
for things like I think I'm going to go
for a subscription I did it last year
and she loved it so I'm going to get her
it again this year by the time this
video is up Mother's Day is already over
so I would have given her whatever I
gave her but the idea okay the idea of
what I'm going to get my mom for
Mother's Day is my mom's just started
working out so my new braces are so like
tight and let me look at straight my
teeth look guys crazy um my mom's just
started working out like three times a
week like crazy maybe even swimming on
top of that as well so I want to try and
get her like a really nice gym towel
maybe like a yoga mat as well or
something to like work out for my home
and maybe some gym shoes or something I
don't know something very like gym
related but not just plain like black
with like a brand on it
I want to try and get her something
really like nice-looking gyms like gym
equipment or gym clothes or whatever
some detergent there's a shop in town
called sweaty Betty which is I got Zoey
present from there the other day and
Zoey loves it so I might pop back into
there and see if if there's anything
nice for my mum in there hopefully there
is and then last year I got her a flower
subscription which the company is called
is it bloomin wild
I think it's called bloomin wild and you
basically pay you can even do per week
per two weeks or per month how many how
often you want a bunch of flowers
turning up to the house it's different
every time they are absolutely beautiful
and yet they just turn up so I might get
my mum like a bunch of flowers delivered
every two weeks for six months or
something like that to the house that's
the aim the other name it's gonna film a
new main channel video which has got to
got today the same day as I'm recording
this yesterday for you so I hope you've
enjoyed it
oh you've seen it already I already know
one film in I I'm prepared for it and I
think it's going to be awesome I'm so
excited to film at let's go
should we get should we get going let's
go should we go to town together I've
got a Sunglass long it's blowing sunny
today it's such a lovely day it's crazy
I mean it's still cold but it's a lovely
day legs cool I don't know if you can
see but behind me over there is a pirate
playing a flute why why not why not have
a pipe then flew I also just saw a kid
dressed up as like I think there's a
who's not a scorpion what's the other
one like a millipede again why not why
not just walk around town desktop as a
millipede you know I got that amazing
burger the other day here's from there
Brighton burger right sweaty Betty
hopefully they got some good gym stuff
my mum
whoo yo yeah
guys that was brimming successful
I got everything more than what I wanted
to get and the day is just is such a
lovely day I'm just in such a bloomin
good mood oh my gosh I haven't even
eaten yet today all they've had all day
is that smoothie I need to eat stupidly
I just want to bought coffee iced coffee
what is it it's not just an iced coffee
is an almond milk cold brew coffee
activated almonds alkaline water dates
vanilla coconut nectar and Himalayan
pink salt that's what it bloomin is
that's going to make me hyper as heck
let alone I haven't even eaten blue
Minette let's turn the lights on in this
place let's get this place kicking let's
get it all good actually I don't even
need the lights on it's so sunny I just
love my new sofa I just love it I need
to get my TV sorted for here so I can
sort them in those gaming videos that
supers just seekers now look at the
two-tone gray blooming lovely right we
need to shoot this new main channel
video then I need to go celebrate
Mother's Day sure I kind of can't show
you what I bought because everything is
just so beautiful ear out long story
short I think I got a gym bottle I got a
yoga mat I got three pairs of socks that
were blooming expensive they were
individual you have to buy each pair
separately therefore like running and
fitness and they know lemon confit that
I just wish I got some myself actually
what else did I get a little towel from
the gym like for when you're sweating am
i doing loads of little bits that are
just good now I need to get on my
computer here and order her those flour
subscription thing that I was talking
about earlier I'm going to film this
video I will catch you in a bit if you
haven't seen already go check it out
guys it's gonna be funny
guys I've just been issued in tonight's
new video oh my gosh I don't even I
don't if I told you what it was yet is
basically it's already up by the time
you're watching this I basically drew
youtubers with this like tablet thing
that I bought you know when I was
shopping would change the other day in
London we went to Westfield or something
like that I think it's Westfield one at
the Westfield there's I - we went to
Apple Store you know when I wanted to
buy that drone and I told you that I
bought something else instead of the
drone something exciting for a video but
I bought this which is a tablet when you
draw on it and it comes up on your
Photoshop and your computer I thought I
was going to be alright
like I'm not good at drawing by any
means I cannot draw but I thought I was
going to be okay it turn I was so bad
like the video that I've got to upload
tonight of me doing this is probably one
of the most embarrassing videos ever
purely because I'm 22 years old and my
drawings oh my gosh like they literally
look like a - your heart oh my god it's
going to be so funny
I just I'm just saving the screen now
cuz I had to record the screen got the
video recorded up there and then the
audio recorded on this microphone onto
my laptop so I need to save all the
three different kinds of files put them
all together and then it is currently 20
minutes to two so I need to get over to
go over to my mum and dad's to go and
spend Mother's Day with my mum for a few
hours and then I'm going to come back
and edit a I wanted to get this video up
at 5 o'clock the same time as my daily
vogue but I don't think I'm gonna be
able to it was such a long video to film
I spent I was filming it for like 47
minutes and 2 seconds I was filming for
oh my gosh hello how's your day going at
home that's nice that's nice to show
everyone I'm in a box right
No you have to pay them you have to let
them dry oh you've already got a chip in
you now so he's been on FaceTime with me
painting her nails we are planning to go
over to my parents now I'm going to go
and grab lunch you're going to meet me
there yeah you bring another okay I will
see you there in 29 minutes
good bye good bye office I see you
tomorrow good Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
just picked up some little cupcakes for
everyone to have at mums or I've just
walked all the way down to the little
deli that I wanted to go to to get
sandwiches for everyone and it's bloomin
closed why is it closed
as you do casual everything is going so
successfully you guys are set from the
food I just saw such a cute little girl
sitting by Goliath but I didn't want to
bother her because she was eating with
her family and on her t-shirt so like
Joe Marcus Alfie Casper and everyone
that had everyone's names on it so if
you're watching this I saw ya I like
your jumper but I didn't want to disturb
you wash you eating hello doggies no
there you're over here as well hello
buzzy boy hello hello no I need to write
mummys card and he dropped mommy's card
then I'll come and play okay let me just
write in her card Nikki your little toy
oh you're so excited gonna go play in
every room not mom and dad's and I did
manage to get some sandwiches and
everything the place that I wanted to go
to apparently served sandwiches or sells
them in small batch coffee so I went
there so we've got a load there and then
it also got some cupcakes which ones did
you get for Mother's Day right okay
shoot I put all in the front room we've
sat down for lunch and we are watching
last night Saturday night takeaway
because I never actually got to watch it
because I was out getting there getting
the food so this is the section that we
marks are in go hit it
hello mate hello mate also you can see
my friend Holly in the background so
many times I'll try and point her out to
you guys I'm also an internet sensation
we've got some fun is to make a fun
video okay your friend I'm up for it
yeah I'm not for is that okay it's
rolling drop it look at the dad this for
lemon is energy Johnny
so did you buy it like that would mean
that's from Allah why is that funny
that's not let's God happy sir okay what
TV I love you love Nana PS I made this
God but you didn't me this I did Hong
kong-style it's time to head it up the
main channel video for today everybody
we are back home I had a lovely time
with my mum didn't film too much fact I
don't even think I filmed myself saying
happy mother's day to her I gave her the
presents she absolutely loved them and
yeah we just had such a lovely time we
ended up watching what was the program
called we watched 99 absolutely
hilarious it was so so funny right I
need to crack on it is ten minutes past
five my daily blog has got live and now
it is time to edit the e/m even watch TV
in here Galgo ed upstairs you are Steve
in here and I'm gonna go and edit the
main Channel video I mean I might just
hit these room just to help me edit you
know I need them to help me edit take
nothing nope nothing I haven't got them
only gone and took a bloomin whispers up
and I everybody I got them right and
also got one of these yellow chocolate
milkshake dairy-free actually things
super delicious right got my water
tickle my whispers got my milkshake got
my laptop the vlog has two minutes left
of uploading then processing the time is
half past seven hopefully will be up
before eight o'clock later than usual
normally I get the main channel up by
like five or six
but it's Mother's Day is Mother's Day
and that's what happens
where are ya well we gonna catch up just
ordered some stuff for my office from
Urban Outfitters your office right now I
can talk them you've got an office oh
yeah
they don't know that you've got an
office oh do they know nice people I
think most people I just said there it's
a secret room and you're gonna show them
what it is we're gonna do an office tour
on my vlog Channel yeah yeah the natural
I'm not buying any that's why I'm not
showing you the secret room yet you're
not allowed to know right what we having
for dinner what we're gonna have it's
late guys I'm getting tired I'm tired
faster yeah let's just have a simple
pasta pork sausages pit so I bought
those to do a full English breakfast to
treat you you tell the linguish
breakfast
yeah oh I could show this no that's to
make women no no I love that yeah you
can he like roll top make a brother and
tomato salad with balsamic that means no
you can't have it again yeah not cheap
so does tomato and mozzarella hmm lean
is pronounced naki oh yeah no Nachi
not ji na ki come and sit down here with
me yeah you can go back in there you're
right I need to go there to get my phone
my mate Jetta video has just got live I
have no idea what you guys are thinking
of it it is pretty let me close these
lines it is pretty damn crazy it's a
pretty weird video you guys probably get
it what you like
gloomy now this guy's lost it what has
happened to him he's gone crazy I need
to let you guys on snapchat know that my
new video is gone live that's why I need
to also we finally decided what happened
in that we went for pasta we own for
half the super cheesy one and half this
other na kita martyr one we've split it
there's mine and there is always alright
yo guys it has been
blooming long old a very successful
though very very enjoyable super fun and
lovely get to hang out and catch up with
my parents properly as well as get a
main channel video up and add a blog
video up I hope you've had a lovely day
these two have been asleep for like two
hours
a pause have been working on something
that's super C good that's going to be
coming out in a couple of weeks soon for
you guys to do with those big old boxes
that were in yesterday's video that
wasn't oh yeah look at that
it's literally asleep and this one as
well
I'll catch each my if you enjoyed the
blog give it a big ol thumbs up your
challenge today let's do a random number
your challenge today is twenty eight
thousand seven hundred and eighty two
thumbs up you have to get more than that
twenty eight thousand seven hundred
eighty-two I think that was the same so
I just said I do know I'm knackered I'm
so tired
I nearly went for a run with my friend
Holly uh trying to persuade her but she
was I don't want to go for a run outside
now we could go to a gym the gym that I
I say I use I don't used I used to use
before Christmas closes at ten pm
unfortunately there is two or three
24-hour gyms in Brighton but I think you
have to be a member and to like just pay
and walk in it closes at 8:00 they close
like 8:00 p.m. don't even know what I'm
telling you this I'm just rambling on um
I've also just see a whole pack of
chocolate fingers literally just at that
and tight then I'll catch you tomorrow I
love you so much
I appreciate everything you do for me
more than you could ever imagine keep
being awesome
keep up all the good work remember if
you want to do anything in life don't
let anybody tell you it's not possible
because it is make it possible prove
them wrong I'll catch you tomorrow good
night look at you let us take a little
devil
