look at you like a little devil good
morning guys she's not all my head felt
like I was gonna explode then I wound up
so long I'd painted back my head and
good morning this morning I woke up
early to acknowledge the toilet made us
some juices that taste so rubbish like
these the juices I made this morning Zoe
normally makes the juices I said I'd
make them today tastes like crap didn't
they literally like pee
neither of us drunk ours such a waste
and I went oh no it's not very nice Oh
fine let me have a sip in your life yeah
I agree with you I think it's because I
put too much coconut water is a coconut
water milk oh it's the Apple something
in it just doesn't do it right so we
haven't had our juices yet we've had a
big lie in today I went and got nada and
bought her up to the bed and so that she
could just come and chill with us and
then we ended up watching videos of born
puppies Zoe said to me this morning what
did you say
I said yeah I know I come here I come up
here I said I think I won and so he said
I think I want to get a for my hair
looks awful today I think I want to get
foreign puppy a little girl for Bobby
not yet though and I've been said no not
next year I've been saying that I want
to get another puppy you guys know that
another fallen puppy or not another form
we're going to got one black puppy so
far but I want to get foreign puppy a
form pug so bad and Zhou you woke up
this morning 110:1 I don't know why what
did you wake up 1 2 1 what I've been
thinking about it quite a lot but not
saying because I knew you worried
because you know I just don't buy one
manager because I think we have to be
very practical like we can't just get
lucky obviously having a puppy is so
much hard work and it is so fun so you
have to make sure you actually let's all
stand are they coming here Nana
no no come here come here Georgia sister
or a brother
now the donut brother or sister should
be
your sister yeah NOLA NOLA hey he does
should get you a sister she'll get your
sister your breakfast what would you
prefer breakfast or sister what oh my
gosh she's literally like a horse like
she can proper jump should we go
downstairs get some breakfast rooster
because we need to eat I am was maybe
what we're saying is we are going to get
another pug maybe actually haven't even
told my parents or probably ensuring
this idea yet hey babe know you've
wanted another one for like give you
already yeah I wanted another one ever
since we got nada but I just think
watching videos and so many of our
friends have two pugs well not just yeah
I know Jonathan have a lot bloom in 52
dogs don't I just feel like I don't
Jonathan can have two kids and shit dogs
then we can yeah does that sound good
another this is not as new little
favorite toy hasn't got a name yet so
leave a little comment down below go wow
it's a little ducky oh you dropped in
that your baby kitchen is all clean and
tidy Zoey has just made breakfast you've
already eaten half of yours yeah I was
busy busy on Boyd tidying up the kitchen
we've got scrambled egg on toast one
thing I always notice is you
it's like algae never in a rush to eat
his food right it's hot no I'm always
happy to get cold it's because I would
rather I would rather have the kitchen
be tidy for when I finish I'm somebody
that always and I always will and always
have done tidy up as I go and so is the
opposite I tell you away all my fat from
me though I just tidied yours up I've
moved away I put everything back where
it was
I tied up with egg yolk off the side
yeah well I was going to do that
afterwards but I tidy as I go
but then it's cold yeah no it's true
well this isn't called the plan for
today is to just have a really chilled
one relax at home have a proper weekend
the block has just finished exporting
now just edge today my teeth at you
looking a lot straighter now go straight
to looking guys I was watching back some
old blogs this morning with Zoe when we
got gnarling because we wanted to see
how small she was and my teeth in them
are absolutely matched like my teeth
used to be so flat the front also my
hair I put it back another way today
don't worry I'm not growing it long
again I'm not gonna be wearing this all
the time I'm just doing it today because
I just want to get this back the way
I've just got some quinoa cooking up at
the moment Zoe I believe is upstairs
sorting out her makeup and going through
that and what was I didn't do yes I need
to go make a phone call so my friend
Holly you guys all know Holly she is
going because tonight marks night or on
Saturday night takeaway like you would
have seen but we're not there live from
the studio tonight we pre film some
crazy exciting stuff and we haven't even
seen like that ah wow we haven't even
seen like the edited footage of him of
it was that the edited footage of it
yeah but the stuff that we filmed was so
fun like amazing so if you saw it last
night I hope you enjoyed that I'm so
excited to watch it tonight but the
Saturday night team said that I can
invite some friends if I wanted whenever
just to come and see the show and I know
that my friend argh and blinded by the
Sun I know that my friend Holly loves
the show so I got her and her friend two
tickets to go and see it but she's just
told me that she forgot to print the
tickets out so she's on the train on the
way to London hasn't got the tickets
with her great one honey
amazing work so I need to bring the
guides and out Saturday night takeaway
and be like hey my friend oh my friend
kind of forgot her tickets can you still
let her in please she's not someone
dodgy she is my friend and yeah so
that's why I need you now I need to make
this phone call and try and try and get
them in so you know a couple of days ago
I was vlogging in the bedroom and I
showed you guys the piece of art that we
have on the wall above our bed one of
them says do more makes you happy the
quite next it says just say yes and the
third quote I can never remember what it
says it's something about the struggle
you feel today is will help you the
strength the tomorrow something like
that it's hello I couldn't remember when
I was blowing it the other day who sent
it who sent it to us I said it I think
it was a viewer or a company turns out
that she's just since Zoe another letter
and it's one of you guys it's a viewer
who watches our videos Mandy she's
called Mandy and she creates some
amazing stuff oh yeah because she did
the typography for the defense look at
her right in its Sony went focus there
we go
she contacted us back in 2015 and sent
us the letter and pieces I meet him what
she's saying here and she was so
surprised that we put it above our bed
we absolutely loved it man if you're
watching thank you so much
she sent us tons of new bits I will
leave a link down below I will try my
best to remember we'll leave a link down
below to her oh is that it there this
here is all head details so pause the
video and check it out and her name is
Mandy cool I'm not too sure Mandy cool I
absolutely love her stuff so I let me
let me show you some of the bits that
she just said as always spread it all
out everywhere Nala loves them as well
she's been looking at all of them so
we've got tiny little stickers I love
her oh yeah just say yes do not quit
you'll be fine I love all of them I like
this one don't let anyone steal your
dreams do what you love love what you do
feel the fear and do it anyway
like this is a quote from girl online
she's put on that love-struck means
being hit in your heart by the emotion
of love
so we said girl online so cute and then
we've got lots of little bits over here
my face never give up on your dreams for
many adventures still await up look how
cute her little but imagine that in like
a little frame or imagine it up in a
kid's bedroom it's so cute is on such
nice light paper that it's printed on
you could just put that in a tiny little
frame
just thought I'd show you her stuff I
will try my best to leave a link down
below but if I forget then I have
already shown you on screens you guys
can go check out stuff thank you so much
I love this but not oh look at that
I love that thing will got little guys
so cute yeah you guys can see I like the
avocado ever peridot just making up some
cobbler boxes with Zoey there's
something secret that you guys are going
to find out about soon
oh don't be looking in there that way up
this is SuperDuper heavy right that it's
the top and then we're sending these off
tomorrow I mean this I mean I mean these
I mean that I mean this I mean something
for you guys that you're going to be
seeing soon one of the guinea-pigs is
making a crazy noise you okay yeah no I
watch you guys hear it
are you okay what they're both eating
fine its purpose I think I think he's
okay you okay / pinball I think it was
just him politely saying mommy please
can you bring me some food and don't
know whether it's just guinea pig
purring noises ah normally they vote
rigging each other off so then they
would either both be talking very loudly
or not at all but he seems to just be
making some strange yeah yeah he didn't
just start about 1 min a guy but I don't
know I've never made that noise before
it's like you can't sleep probably I
think he's okay he's eating no lazy okay
maybe he's despairing none of your
brother's okay
she always gets so funny when I do this
because it's not for her she's a mum
you're feeding someone else and not me
what you doing
you can't play with them either because
you're too rough huh who's that ah
delivery man right we've got a bloomin
lot of food damn
luckily Accardo age I think most
supermarkets do it now they separate
some web bags of fridge purple our
cupboards and say kind of sort it for
you which is good right Amelia okay you
have to open your mouth and you have to
bite it you ready go ah you got out oh
are you doing yoga you didn't know
gavotte Oh
watch him watch him
good men do baby yoga get stuck he's got
this he's got this a train you ready to
go yeah I say yes is a fully controlled
environment her safety vicious rehearsed
and yell behind their first a team and
everything looks like I'm gonna hit ya
he loves it
should I put the yoga mat down he's a
new yoga but like there's a bit more
massage classes this is Conor McGregor
part two in training here oh we got the
head I got a hairdo what's going on now
as well horse riding so the skinny Joe
these are over
Jonathan very nicely offered to pay for
dinner then yeah I was bought for it
they may lead right here and maybe go
collect the food and pay for it
basically we fight them over for dinner
we got we ordered a wagon on this we got
all the way there and I was like
Jonathan I don't have my wallet
savers okay so you invite me over you
drive me there you maybe pay for the
food did you even order my food or was
this just for you and Zoey
that's another that we ordered that
we're watching something and I take away
at the moment I've made myself some
salmon that because we had a wagon
moment last night and I kind of two
white llamas in a row
although Zoey Zoey loves it so much she
can at least a median likes my new shoes
ha ha do you like them Amelia hi baby
I can see you hello have you got a car
where's your car
this room is like absolutely crazy
Amelia famiglia
have we got pajama party we got the
drama party life hello
these you've got their pajamas on
where's your car
show me your car Wow look at this
Eduardo the driver hello my friend hi
guys welcome I'm in here
oh you my boy look at my baby
I've got no teeth Oh No
are you ready you ready to switch faces
Oh No look at you let's take a little
devil hey dummy you look so horrible oh
my gosh wait what my face is switched oh
wow
see good face walk
as you guys know zoe has done like two
Charlotte Crosby workout routines now
she think she's a fitness guru that's
nutty she's teaching she she's passing
or draining the moment goodness
one two three down one oh we've got
someone fooling oh don't worry they're
back up this week a this is always
working at workout DVD coming soon
zoella workout DVD one tip type design
an old sneaky dipped uh-oh we got up and
down again Oh Eduardo's found something
three this month this way that you've to
do this with your arms we should be able
to see the sweat you have to do this I
mean I don't know what kind of workout
this is they work out the foyer of here
look at Eduardo like this in your head
do that don't step on the poop oh oh
that's so pretty
can I see oh wow
oh yeah hey you haven't got enough on
bit long press a bit harder showing your
cheeks Israel on your cheeks
yeah that's nice up your nose yeah
a maze on your forehead I'm here fun
here yeah yeah yeah nice that's it now
Oh perfect oh me - take it
amazing give mommy a cuddle give mommy a
cuddle
don't give mommy a kiss wow you look so
handsome
yeah alright the ciccone whoa leaves
have gone now nobody look at this emoji
pillow the skinny jellies have gone home
it was so lovely hanger with them guys
we haven't seen them in so like when was
the last time we saw them sorry I think
it was before Christmas I was going to
say not Halloween it was before
Christmas because when Anna walked in
the room she was like this room is so
different used to have something there
and the chair before was over there
instead of there and I was like well we
changed it all at Christmas for the
Christmas tree and then we just never
moved it that was I've ever heard of him
and then we never moved it back and she
was like you know I haven't seen it like
this since Christmas we haven't seen
them so it's good having like a proper
catch up and the kids are just soaked
it's crazy
like it feels obviously it wasn't but it
feels like last time I saw Eduardo he
couldn't look he could but now he's like
a proper little guy he's like a little
boy and he can answer you and he repeats
what you're saying and it's crazy Emilia
is like I pop a little girl has a mind
of her own like can just voice her own
opinions on things says the funniest
things ever like she's so imaginative
and just yeah so fun anyways I'm going
to end the vlog down here tonight guys
because we're bad head up to bed and
we're going to watch a DVD that Mark
mark left us to watch what is it called
my eyes up here so when Mach was over a
couple of days ago he bought over a DVD
and he was like you guys have to borrow
this you have to watch it you will love
it it's cool this is it I don't know
what it is so we're going to going to
take that up to bed and watch that
tonight Noah is absolutely zonked so
much attention and energy tonight wasn't
there look literally she is fast asleep
you ready for bed yeah did you have a
nice evening
yeah all right if you enjoyed the vlog
guys you enjoyed all of the face
swapping and supper that with the kids
give the video a thumbs up as you are
watching this there will also be a main
channel video going live the same day I
bet I can tell you what it is I haven't
filmed yet I'm going to film it tomorrow
morning and I'm betting I basically
bought this like tablet the other day
which allows me to draw with like a
special pen and it tracks into Photoshop
on my laptop so what I've done is I
tweeted yesterday asking you guys to
send me your favorite pictures of any
youtuber and I'm gonna draw them I am
the worst person in the world at drawing
and it's super hard to draw using this
tablet thing for that I just think I
think it's going to be such a funny idea
so hopefully that video is going to be
going up the same day as you're watching
this that's the plan I have no idea how
it's going to go it's going to be funny
so go check it out I leave a link down
below now so you guys can go watch it go
smash the thumbs up and I wanna see how
honest if we can get 100,000 thumbs up
on that vlog and let's see if we can get
on this one
30,000 thumbs up let's even get 30,000
thumbs up on this blog I'll catch you
tomorrow guys thank you so much for
watching I love you so much I hope you
having a lovely day and I will see you
in the morning
night literally looks like I've got a
bald head this is what I look like nice
bald guys
