good morning guys I haven't started my
blog it no don't be eating that yeah
your veggie so it's all good I am any
guess I just tried to go to my office
see you guess what it is just by
smelling nice I just tried to go to my
office got all the way there what must
have lunch to have that they're trying
to work all my lunches and I forgot my
office keys so I just had to come home
also putting my new bracelets last night
so they're incredibly tight so I am
incredibly like lispy but 4 weeks left
until my t4 done how much is that what
it's definitely a chicken for weeks
until until my teeth are done straight
this is the second-to-last set
do they look straight what do you think
it is yes I would have bought you guys
lunch but I didn't realize I was coming
home until I realized I left didn't
realize you were so sound but no I left
my keys at home tried to come home to
get my own fish game on my slip right so
we got chips here and a cheeseburger oh
I'm a G burger but it's like proper like
burger sauce like a proper like grotty
burger but like right now the people
eating it outside like oh my gosh oh
that's amazing
opposite the Breakfast Club there's a
tiny little burger like shack then yeah
Barney timer bracelet I need to eat it
what are you guys doing today
Bobby's going drivin drivin do you know
you can drop me back to down okay I have
had the craziest day ever today oh my
gosh don't you don't even get me started
on what has been going on so my blog now
is just uploading it's got nine minutes
left it is forward to in the afternoon
I've got to leave to go and meet poppy
and Shaun to go get a Mother's Day
present leaving office hopefully the
blog carries on uploading without me
right let's go to town so I've got mum
the best Mother's Day present what have
you got I bought
I'm not gonna tell you who have you got
her damaged you got that finger strength
enough for when you're climbing mom's
rock climbing sessions your honesty Evan
go represent I'm gonna get something
that you're a different attitude boy
least mom will know who's the bear child
I haven't got anything what we actually
can hear her serious oh no a joint
president means that you just pick it
and then then she knows that you picked
it because it's like a handbag or
something that yeah I pay for it and you
pick it but just about right no it
doesn't sound right because she knows
that I haven't picked X it'll be like a
handbag or something that I never would
have even thought getting her literally
looks like I've got a bald head this is
what I'd look like nice bald guys poppy
and Shana akhter Oslo on Saturday you're
watching this they're off to summit
Everest but that is not what you're
going to view right so probably tweeted
a minute ago asking you guys what the
weather is like in Oslo at the moment
there is honestly about this much snow
poppy has taken us to you can see what
the shop is like to come and get socks
and gloves and she thinks that she's
going like brimming climbing Mount
Everest she's not she's going to Oslo
and there's like five millimeters of
snow why don't you get these pop for the
bottom of your shoes I might need one no
he would not need that but just walking
up their case there's any Hill isn't
Oslo
are you kidding me you're moaning
walking over that poppy at a gym session
this morning dear later I should show
you guys what I bought earlier you know
I just said I was in a shop earlier on
so basically when I came to work earlier
I went past a shop that did what climb
and stuff and I was like I really want
some more climbing shoes and I've been
looking at them online but I wasn't sure
where to buy them online because then
obviously I can't try them on to see if
they fit
so when inside was chatting to the guy
for ages tried on four different pairs
of shoes and finally decided on someone
that I liked
obviously they look with because they're
rock climbing shoes so don't be like
what are those because they're rock
climbing shoes so these are the ones
that I'm that I won't look at them
they're like I don't know that I wasn't
the most keen on the color of these ones
there were ones that looked a lot nicer
but I tried like four pairs of the
mourners I said and these were the most
comfortable so where for these runs
obviously it's more important to go for
comfort than it is to go for the look of
them so these are money rock climbing
shoes I'm so excited and then I also got
which is a bit keen it's quite far I've
only been a few times rock climbing but
I got one of the little pouches and then
inside you put your chalk which
obviously that helps your hands when
you're rock climbing and they've got
like a little thing of chalk that you
put inside there so I'm extremely happy
and then I also I got one last thing
which I wasn't planning on getting but
when I was at the checkout I saw it like
behind the til now as I have to get one
of those just because it's funny it's
like a thing to like stretch your your
hands I make your fingers stronger
obviously when you walk climb in it
owl it's important to have like a really
good grip on the rocks so I want that to
help make my finger stronger so I can
just sit when I'm not editing this up
and strengthen my fingers as you do
because why not
anyways let's check if this video Scott
oh yes okay the video is done it is it's
a funny one Shaun basically if you
haven't seen yesterday I'm not going to
weigh too much you can go check it out
and Shaun stole my camera without
we realize in and filmed like 30 seconds
of footage to the camera so yes there's
blog is called I'm sorry Sean
because I left it all in my video and I
and I even put stupid music over the top
of it so very sorry Sean if you're
watching but you did it so you deserve
it they as you're watching this are
currently in Oslo in Oslo that's crazy I
want to go to Oslo so bad I'm corny on
phone to Zoey Zoey say hi that don't
swear I just beep you now and I'm on the
way home it's Friday it's weird all the
way I'm going to come back to my office
at some point this weekend probably
tomorrow to film my main channel video I
know what it is it's going to be a good
one this week guys because I missed last
week I planned something good
I am yeah I'm gonna go let's go home you
ready for me to come home yes I did just
get a new daily vlog and gaming video up
before leaving the office so bloomin
happy gonna have like a proper Friday
night of just chilling Missouri maybe
forget a takeaway or let some jog in
that's what I want to do where's she
gone oh she's so that witch just
disappeared I want to start going
jogging guys I bought a running bottle
today like one little jog in one there's
like the right shape when you're running
hopefully to inspire me to start running
I mean I don't if a water bottle is
going to make that happen but I mean for
like three bounds is worth there you
wait there okay don't come in here you
guys haven't even seen them on yet they
look ridiculous
there's obviously they're not for
walking in there for climbing it there's
one these are going to be so good I'm
actually really really excited like
obviously I'm joking about and laughing
with them now genuinely really excited
for these right here we go look at this
right you ready Zoey
don't look yet
you ready look at your feet look at them
that's my culo let me see they don't
like the ones in the do you like that
yeah
hey what you gonna do now is make sure
you actually go yeah I'm good it loads
will now to dry now driving as well wait
a minute check out my talkback I can
fill your balls well no the chalk don't
squeeze it
you ready pop that little bit to the
side just push it there we go now you
can truck your hands that's what I meant
when I said I can feel your balls I did
and then look put it back and then look
when you're climbing now just go and now
you won't get it then you can know you
got did you can quickly chalk four hands
climbing do I get yeah well done you're
gonna go see ya and you'll come in I so
needed what you found even bought
supports and shoes for you I was like
this close but but I just thought you
need to try them on because you have to
every brand every single brand rock
climbing shoe comes up let's light
different summer to big summer too small
so I tried on four pairs and these are
the ones I went for look at them oh my
gosh she would be good at she's so good
at climb any my little bag look at the
shoes
right and we already take away we've
ordered a wagon OMERS which is
incredibly naughty but we work with a
plan you're going food shopping tonight
I'm knackered
Zoe it's like already ready for bed and
it's a Friday night so we're going to go
food shopping tomorrow instead
and then we've ordered a wacom on this
for tonight
craving it all day and I wait video but
even though my mom is so much better in
the afternoon although I only had a
burger today I've had the worst diet
today a burger and then working my MERS
not good this weekend this weekend it
starts the rock climb in the jog in the
guide to the gym the calisthenics it's
going to be a new me I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be that Marcus button I should uh
you made some proud of you yes sir I
love you thank you and I completely
forgot to end this vlog it is now the
next day I am so sorry we just had such
a chilled evening I've got my braces in
so I'm like um look at my hair boys this
happening my hairs annoy me today so I
just put it back anyways I meant we
ending this blog though he's dancin to s
club 7 anyways if you enjoyed the video
give it a big old thumbs up to let me
know I will catch you tomorrow which is
actually today for me I'll see you then
good shall I say good night or good bye
now it's good night view good night good
morning guys good morning today I am off
to the dentist
