good morning guys good morning today I
am off to the dentist
van fan fan Hey but now Jake now it
should be exciting because I think it's
only four weeks left so much you for
strength that's so mad yeah slowly so
good and then we go in four weeks all
done and all good guys I have officially
in this little bag look at the cute
little tooth Oh blowing around look at
that little tooth my dentists bag I've
officially got four weeks left until my
teeth fully done and strange the next
one it's in four weeks I get in the
little have you guys noticed a ton if
you've seen you might you might not see
you may have seen I've got little like
sharp pointy bits stuck on my teeth that
the Invisalign like plastic molds stick
to and to help straighten my teeth they
get removed but then I also get my
retainer molds done for my retainers and
then I also might be getting those
little metal strips hidden behind my
teeth to keep them straight
hey I then fire back home I've just had
breakfast which was delicious
Zoe a mark made this morning baked beans
the liquid though i guarante were
going to write I've just introduced
these two to again called stack which is
but you know that company is it catch
app apps or some doubt cotton but they
make like all the popular games and I've
just shown these do like a little simple
stacking game I've been playing for the
last couple of days and now they're
obsessed they were down to that and
they're just 53 our best my 53 you've
got the same best score again I best
movie Zoe's top scores 51 marches 53 and
176 these two alike but I've had a
couple today longer these two alike
neck-and-neck
could you get any closer
were you tapping it with your nose
thanks to me
obviously I'm not allowed to play Justin
Bieber music but look at this of Zoe's
how cool is that
she's got volume button this
I need to carry on editing the daily
vlog I got most of it done this morning
I'm trying to edit every morning now so
that my videos are never late for you
guys got most of it done before the
dentist
oh now to lay down and carry on getting
it done before I head to the office see
you later guys have fun baby may they
going off to the garden center
nah man I stayed here and hanging out
for a bit then I'm gonna head to my
office and then I think I'm meeting up
with - oh I just got a text the text in
my butt Oh Marcus Butler was ringing me
from my bar hello hello it's a tree look
at her little coat she loves it
she absolutely loves her don't you Oh
shaky-shaky i poor neither to the park
I'm voting for her short lead I forgot
to bring the long ones
just by herself dr. Phil a bunch of the
lead feet off the pad should be gone so
she's got her walk is all been on a
short lead today I feel bad but she does
have a new barber co on the company
barber just randomly sent Zoe a coat
Nayla a coat me a scarf and some gloves
neither a lead or they bought her lead I
should put a little barber lead on but
thank you so much she loves the co don't
you know LA do you let your coat oh all
right coming then let's go home coming
in up good coughs you take all of this
off you cry just collecting all of my
stuff together I had to change my
t-shirt or my knitted whatever I was
wearing into a t-shirt because it is
like a sauna out there today guys
it's a bloomin hot lovely day which I
don't get how because in yesterday's
videos you saw it was like hailing
literally like a storm and now it's like
the sunniest day ever
it is absolutely lovely I want to even
find my sunglasses but no idea where I
put them
right it's just so sick I don't know I
know I say I like my videos but trust me
you need to get your butt's to Brighton
it's the one I've just finished up a
meeting at the bank literally had no
idea what's going on just signing a load
of forms and just be like my main focus
the stern camera Canon show out you're
focusing on your cameras and finally
back at the office I just went a met
three friends to go quickly grab a
coffee
hopefully my vlog is going to go live
soon I loaded it this morning and I've
got my bagel man by lunch he have just
had a coffee as I just said probably
going to tell you that I've had a coffee
five more times because I'm currently
like awake I shouldn't drink coffee
makes me go way too hyper
see you later office see you tomorrow
did I tell you guys I switch back to my
under camera I'm now back to using the
little small one which I didn't know if
it was if it was going to be the right
decision today because the video of me
using the bigger camera has only just
gone up like an hour or two ago because
it's now like 7 o'clock but obviously
this morning the video wasn't live so I
just made a gamble and thought that you
guys would want me to be back using this
one which it turns out from other
comments so far was the right decision
because all of you loved the quality of
the bigger camera the lens didn't have
image stabilization on the like the
specific lens that I was using so it was
quite like a bit shaky people also said
that they've helped I'm so sorry that
they felt sick for me zooming in and out
so much so if I ever go back to a bigger
camera
I will not zoom in and out so much I
promise you but yeah the lens didn't
have image stabilization so I do notice
a bit wobbly and the audio outside was
whack like absolutely rubbish so I'd
have to put a microphone on top of it
which then makes it even bigger ah let's
stick with this little guy
yeah nice to catch up man but be fast
you did it oh my god you passed your
driving test nobody nobody go on the
road if you live in Brighton be careful
guys of many no copy of me careful of me
blend it out we can look our healthy
your dinner is and then we just bring
over like 20 biscuits you bring over to
eat nothing
oh we have look dad here's your Jamie
Oliver dinner I tried to super healthy
but you did it you have no choice but to
be healthy now future everyone in this
house is being healthy
ok I'm gonna be a set from Sean me and
Zoe
show me the Bisset we got that don't
worry hi
so just I've just got home now I didn't
really feel much at all because I just
wanted to Joe spend some time with the
family and not put the camera on
everybody
however I did film giving papi the
little cookies
there's Owen I got her for passing her
driving test so congratulations if you
guys didn't know my sister just passed
her driving test a couple of days ago so
proud of her she's going to drive her
car for the first time tomorrow by
herself the guinea pigs have been so
loud over there
I don't actually know I think it's that
wooden little toy what are you eating
you eating your little corn stick in
your little wooden bed are you hey boys
you know she see if we've got anything
yummy in here for you to eat oh why
these please let you me let see if you
like that oh now here we go boys I put
it a little bit high for you I drop it
through there you go you enjoy them hope
you stole Annette Pippin you just stole
Percy's one the orange we put you to bed
yeah
put you to bed you're so tired I'm gonna
end my vlog down here because zoey is
upstairs in bed I hope you've enjoyed
today I'm not actually quite sure how
much I've filmed because I just had such
a random sporadic day doing tons of
different things so I hope you've
enjoyed the vlog get a thumbs up if you
have and I'll see you tomorrow night we
need to go to bed why would you is gonna
fall off
