good morning guys good morning how you
doing hope you're having a lovely day
wherever you are whatever you're up to
so he dragged me to town this morning
super early because she wanted to go and
get her eyeball she is getting her
eyebrows done at the moment that's good
but it's all good because I need for
myself a new moisturizer anyway but I
didn't realize apparently getting your
eyebrows done takes 40 minutes that was
that thing but I mean I'm not under
estimating their work maybe it just does
take nothing I'm not saying it should
take less I'm not even talking to people
doing so is right they look great once
they're done I just never thought I
thought eyebrows to take like five
minutes I'm just going in I'm trying all
three of these different ones ones and
night moisturizer ones for beard and
stubble and ones just a general
moisturizer kind of forgot that it's
Black Friday all of the shops are so
busy like so so busy yeah one of these
runs as are those finish your eyebrows
just got some dum-dums and now we're
hitting up the part room
hey as a gun time to head to the office
everybody really chilled nice time this
morning in town Missouri grab some
breakfast grabbed a coffee I've got the
first meeting of today in about four
minutes
perfect timing yeah just finished
catching up with some of the team we got
Sophia from the crater store down at the
office today
you guys know by now that she comes down
and works from the office in Brighton
one day a week oh my gosh that is why
you don't balance your laptop I'm
putting that away I'm still gonna
balance it but just not open we've been
sorting out tons of new products that
coming out for Pb merch for other people
as well restock insert and stuff just
working on TGS in general a new talent
that is joining very very soon to the
creators and we've got and let me see
we've ordered their samples the kin that
came today and they're looking like I'm
not even just saying this savage like so
so sick so get a new person the Great's
are like complete different vibe to
anything else on the website like just
really really unique which is really
cool I've got a chat on a therapist in -
one minute
how's it going you're shoveling
haha
I have no idea where I put all my
racquetball stuff I think it's somewhere
I think it's somewhere in the cellar
here oh here we go
the most packed day in the office today
and now I'm rushing out I've got 23
minutes to meet my dad to go and play
racquetball things are getting serious
the glasses are on I don't know how my
dad just beat me a racquetball I thought
my think this is quite good it's all my
agility it's good turns out not as good
as my dad so you just beat me 3-1 so
that's the thing now I need to get
practicing to be Emma I didn't feel my
lunch earlier but I am I brought a
quiche it's morning
that looks amazing like this and then
some of the team went to Waitrose on
their lunch break mind me up and let Hey
do you want some sushi so I haven't
eaten my original lunch yet so that's
gonna be my dinner which is good just
come back and worry about my deal of the
pears and I just thought I'd inform you
because I didn't film it
sushi days is back I had some sushi a
lot of sushi for lunch I need to go get
in the shower so sweaty and hot I also
need to unpack from Dubai still haven't
touched my suitcase yet that is not good
that is not something that I'm proud of
I need to sort that yeah I forgot we've
got Zoe's friends coming over for the
weekends as always made with the guest
bedrooms like lovely today check this
check this one out here we've got like a
blow-up bed here this is like legit a
blow-up bed
it's so cool so I cap off a big block
it's not two on top of each other is one
but it's just massive like a really nice
black bed double bed here little
Christmas tree this is looking really
nice in here one thing that I need to do
sort all of this mess out here all of
this down here all of these are all
clean I haven't hung them yet just
remembered that earlier on today were
not in town but we certainly motorized
it in 9 a new toothbrush what did you
say
what did you say Robbie you just speared
like bloody champagne over the car whale
I apologize about the last clips in the
blog it's not me that is Zoe and now
trying out these new moisturizers my god
I've no idea of they good or not this
Robin I'm trying tonight is advance
night moisturizer let's see how advanced
this night moisturizer is Robin into
mice double this is a key place that
lots of boys forget to moisturize super
important to moisturizer stubble half an
hour later look how much more filled the
Wardrobe airs and all organized so much
better you might not even be able to
tell the difference but damn literally
just spent like 40 minutes just hanging
clothes up there all clean I just can't
be bothered hang before this was not my
decision but it's not a decision that
I'm that I'm gonna say no team I've lost
like thing may or may not just put my
quiche into the fridge now I'll just get
an annoyed that she said bar kid and I'm
currently on the dominoes website but
order a pizza and just watch a movie
until it is 8:35 in the evening I'm
right it's considered a no I'm knackered
but I do know because I just played my
butt off at racquetball and I got beaten
but I'm gonna celebrate my loss women
end it no no that's are tired I am not
many people go for my pizza option but
it is the best beats option so if you're
ever ordering a beats of them anyway
actually I say that but I've tried so
many times to order this pizza in
America for some reason they just don't
do it tuna and sweet corn best pizza
sounds weird but if you like tuna and
you like sweet corn just trust me
or direct tweet me a picture tell me
what you think hopefully you didn't
waste your money but it's genuinely my
favorite pizza try out
don't judge before you try that never
read a book by its cover
is that the one never judge never read a
book by ah sorry watched a program
recently called The Syndicate and
there's been non-stop speaking about it
that's really good is it that good yeah
I really really enjoyed it
it's about people winning the lottery or
that I don't even know we're about to
watch episode one now and not Domino's
is literally gonna be arriving any
second Neville Longbottom and also
what's her name Stacey governor Stacey
okay gateway wait doesn't put the camera
away this is real couples goals as
always got twisted cheese dough balls
Big O pizza oh and also we've got two
dum-dums doughnuts left from earlier on
and the wrestler gave to good people we
work with we haven't eaten all the rest
don't work on this cameras awful are
focusing
