good morning guys
I am currently in hotel in London I
didn't vlog yesterday because we were
just spending the day with so he is dad
since it was his birthday
so I took the day off I hope that's okay
look I fancy this is did you see that
you press here why you want to go so I
want to go to ground floor and it tells
me which lift to go for and then when I
get in the lift
Hey look there's no buttons or anything
nothing at all 7:08 I dragged about
half-past six let me go get my interview
done then I'll explain what the
interview is for and staff I'm still
half asleep bye so I finally finished up
my interview and went super super well
guys I have an experiment is basically I
thought so they're really really excited
that I can't speak about course coming
out chase hi divine they have a coming
up soon if you guys and it involves
working for a couple of days in America
so I had to go to the American Embassy
which is super strict
no cameras no phones yes but in Zenon
yeah and I had to have an interview if
you have to be accepted to work in
America
good accept it so it's all good and now
oh sorry that's good thank you so much
and now I've met up with this one he's
taking me out for breakfast we've come
to a little place I don't know where I
am
I literally just jumped in to do became
yeah but I've got a smoothie so I'm
happy and I got that way can we take a
second to appreciate this menu the first
item is called granny Sally look how
delicious this looks oh my gosh get that
extra halloumi cheese gotten for their
healthy vegetarian option guys j-just
we're back at Jay's changes went to the
toilet and positives there I just
tweeted off of his Twitter just from the
sausage challenge sworn of it an entire
sausage hole says very good challenge
yes so good loved eating that sausage
hole guys we just on Amazon ever go on
the number one bestseller is my new book
number two it's my first book and number
three it's my second book
what the hell that's ridiculous
also we've just seen that the hot new
release is my new book the most wish for
is my book my book on PewDiePie and the
most gifted is two of my books
what the hell and you own Amazon that is
crazy
you guys are insane also look at this
lighting that looks so cool like the did
you do know it doesn't I have to film
with that nightmare I think that looks
cool no it looks great on you I
guarantee you'll be messed up on me on
your jumper okay there we go there's an
Instagram some screenshot up
hey the man how you doing I am great you
having a nice day lovely weather isn't
it right we have just arrived at West
fields in London I'm coming down here I
thought the local second or don't what
do you think you can jump from that to
that or that to that what are you it
jump from that to that yeah not that one
that one tenth judo
I have we've got the big one yo-yo
anyways after all of that jump in and we
are heading into Westfield to go do some
shopping we have no idea what we want to
purchase I don't even know if we can end
up purchasing anything I have never seen
a shopping centre so empty right and
during the week it's busier than this
this is London so empty go for it yeah
walk Carla I reckon you're gonna get
this one with the little blue guy yep I
want the ghost no all ghosts bro yeah
but he's like the live ghost what do I
put that just in there yep I get a snap
the other night then what then I just
turn it no that's definitely not a boy
that's been there
I got the thing yes who's been watching
me long enough to remember what happened
in here about a year and a half ago so
it started over there then I walked all
around here slowly all the way up there
around and into the Apple store queued
up for 13 hours so I say queued up we
literally would do amazing that we slept
on the floor for the new iPhone we
queued up 13 hours crazy never gonna do
that again I was so dead the next day
it's staring at me I don't know what to
do it's like a quarter of the price of
drones online it's not like the best
quality one but it I just don't know
what to do but they do also have smaller
ones down here but these runs only take
pictures and not videos so that's not
going to do it's going to be this one or
nothing what do you think bro don't say
that they've only what blue in stock
alright I'll see you soon bro have a
good day
yeah how you doing always take the
stairs guys remember that
I've managed to get to the train 19
minutes before it leaves white it's
early
I feel like put like the Soviet dodgy
going on like I'm getting on the wrong
train I didn't end up buying the drone
in the end guys and probably shouting
but I did end up buying something else
super excited from the Apple store it's
just stupid it's just a bit of fun that
I think I can create some really funny
stupid videos of you guys finally after
a million trains and taxis and walk in
and no way you barked in and everything
I'm home and I've got the biggest hot
chocolate from the train station ever
straight from home and to the office
because I have got 700 only 711 I think
it's 700 or 800 700 of these books to
sign and then I'm finished signing all
of the pre-order signature things that I
have to sign each signature things whoa
I'm bloomin hot let's get signing 400
down 400 more to go let's do this ding
dong oh no crap oh crap just spilt them
all while looking do anything credibly
pale was it just the lighter I've nearly
done with the signing I've signed this
many I've got this many left to do I
just wanted to stop I just set up my big
camera because I wanted to sit down and
have a chat with you guys and to just
put it out there straight away this is
not negative this is me just explaining
something that I feel is well overdue
it's nothing right saying something that
I've wanted then I should have said a
long time ago
about an hour and a half ago I tweeted
saying forgot to let you know that I
took yesterday offer blogging to
celebrate
Souths birthday and luminaire things
have gone nuts like I did I did even I
don't even know so I'm just gonna
Twitter to see people going cray also I
should just say my microphones run out
charge I accidentally left on when I
lost my office so the audio of this
might not be too great people that have
just gone insane like absolutely crazy
like you're not attending you vlog
anymore you take too many days of plug
in what is this
you also took off Sunday blah blah blah
blah so it just I just wanted to clear a
few things up number one being that I
make these videos because I enjoy them I
do not make these videos because it's my
job I enjoy doing this and that is why I
do it
I've been doing this for seven years
nearly now seven blooming years that is
a long time I started it as a hobby
whilst I was in school I carried her
honours or hobby whilst I was in college
it got to the point where I was earning
more from YouTube than I was my
part-time job so I was lucky enough to
have to quit my part-time job and it's
just so happen that it has turned into
my full-time job I am very fortunate for
that and I thank you so much for making
that possible but I do not make these
videos to become my job it just became
my job over time
I'm sure 99% of you are completely aware
of this but I just wanted to say some
things because like my Twitter if I go
on it now I love tweeting and challenge
you guys but like I literally go on now
and my mentions and just like this is
the newest one so you didn't even do
anything yesterday even though you were
supposed to upload a video great work
ethic like people I didn't even blog
yesterday so you don't even know what I
did yesterday people saying I didn't
even do anything
I I took the day off number one is a
Sunday so many people don't even work
Sundays anyway but I do this because I
enjoy it not because it's my job so
Norman Aaron do you film Sundays I took
the day off yesterday because Zuri and I
had Joe and then
staying over and it was actually their
dad's birthday and he doesn't really
like to be on camera
like you guys have never seen his face
and that is because he did it's just not
for him being on camera is not for him
and that is perfectly fine and I thought
you know what it's his birthday he's
come all the way to stay at our house to
celebrate we've got a Menominee
president we're going out for dinner
went for a walk along the beach during
the day instead of just filming is his
birthday I won't film at all I wouldn't
be like concentrating on why I'm filming
I'm just gonna spend all my day put in
time and effort into making each other
he has a lovely birthday and that's what
I did and that is what I wanted to do
and that's what I chose to do and
whether you think that's more or not I
chose to do that I took the day off a
log in because I want to celebrate it
with my girlfriend's dad and I think
that is fine and if that is fine and if
I think that then that's what I'm gonna
do this is my youtube channel if you
guys if you don't like they don't take
the occasional day off for things like
that then honestly I don't even know and
go there are plenty of youtubes that
would never take a day off and you can
go subscribe to them I honestly don't
mind either I don't know I don't know
what else to say I this is my channel
and I feel like if I take a day off to
celebrate my girlfriend's dad's birthday
because he's coming to celebrate with us
at my house that is a perfectly okay
reason yes I could have blocked like
around his god I don't know I'm not I
didn't want to I don't even know why I'm
trying to justify what I could have I
didn't wanna vlog the day I wanted to
celebrate a bit here number two to the
people saying it's your job that's how
you make your money you have to upload
if like if I wanted to make more money
and I was focused on it because it
wasn't purely my job surely I would
never miss a day because youtubers get
paid by how many views their videos get
that's how you get paid you get paid per
thousand views simple if I just upload
more videos I would make more money so
by missing a day I've made less money
and that that so your point doesn't make
sense number three you guys only get
see 20 minutes roughly of a day like you
have to remember that these daily vlogs
are like 15 or 20 minutes long or
whoever you want to YouTube
Casey nystatin has videos of ten minutes
long Ciccone journeys their videos are
16 minutes long a thatcherjoe vlog
they're probably 15 minutes long a more
Marcus video probably about 7 or 8
minutes long
that's not 24 hours that's not their
full day a youtuber gets to choose what
part of their life they put online so if
you saw me playing table tennis in my
office riding around on the little mini
BMX and signing a couple of these in the
day that doesn't mean that for that
other like 23 hours 45 minutes I sat on
this sofa eating and sleeping it doesn't
mean that like I could have been working
super hard on like emails and meetings
and planning new merchandise I'm working
on projects that that you guys aren't
allowed to see yet that take a ton of
time but instead some of you think that
that I'm just doing that we're just
doing nothing and I don't get that like
I don't know I don't know I don't want
to be annoyed by it but I am it does
annoy me when people are so quick to
judge and for me having a K off to
celebrate my girlfriend's dance birthday
saying you didn't even do anything
yesterday you don't even know what I did
until vlog it so therefore you don't
know what I did and it's okay for me to
just take a day off now and again I
don't feel it's one of those things that
we can really really solve because
there's always going to be people that
you can't please in life isn't there
there's always some people don't no
matter what you do or how hard you work
on something it's just not enough for
them so I suppose I'll leave it with
this and you can take it as it is and if
you want to stop watching my videos
because I missed the odd day every now
and again or once a week or whatever it
is then you can stop watching but I'm
just
leave this little chatty segment with I
won't always make the best videos I can
possibly make I will put them as effort
into them that I have available for
example last week I spent four days in
London in a row Thursday Friday Saturday
I wasn't some day because I sent
Britain's on his dad's birthday but I
was Sunday night and then I was also
today so the last five days in a row
more or less in London therefore I
didn't have time to fill a main Channel
video I don't really know how to end the
little sector I just want to say that I
will always make the best and the most
videos I can possibly make for you guys
and if I miss the day I miss a day and
I'll be back the next day I'm it bugs me
when I miss a day I really just want you
guys to know that for example that
tonight I didn't upload a video I'm not
seeing here like yes I don't know if
don't load a video tonight yes that
means I can go eat pizza in bed and do
nothing like that that isn't what it is
like I'm sitting here signing I'm not
sitting here like happy that I haven't
got video I love making videos that's
not my passion that's my hobby that's my
job it might as sad as it sounds that's
like my life I make videos all day every
day and if I miss a day I'm more bummed
about it than you are about missing her
trust me so there's not really there's
not really like an end in that I suppose
I can like say to this asset problem
thank you for all the support thank you
for understanding if you understand if
you hate that I'm gonna miss a day every
now and again then prepare yourself to
be annoyed because that's just life and
some days our world miss days some days
I might want to just take a day off to
relax and that's absolutely fine because
I want to do that and this is my channel
and the last thing I ever want with this
channel is to be making content of
forcing myself to film videos when I
don't want to film videos so just know
that every single time I'm uploading a
video it's because I want to upload the
video and I'm so happy for
to be going up not just because I've got
to because I'm a daily vlogger like I
want to be making videos because I want
to be making videos and I I don't know
I'm gonna carry on signing these guys I
hope I've managed to settle some of your
questions about missing videos and
things occasionally I will miss videos
because I'm human and sometimes we miss
things that were meant to be doing
that's just how it is I didn't I didn't
mean to make this into like a negative
thing I just really wanted to clean it
up because I just my twitter is like not
so great right now there's a lot of
people they're upset with me and I feel
really bad you know don't want to upset
you guys that's the last thing I want to
do like I've been building this
community of us for like seven years now
and I want us to all be on the same page
I want us to all be understanding the
same thing so when I'm when I miss a
video
I want it all you guys to know why I
sing a video I don't just want you to
think that I'm just being lazy
I don't know I'm gonna carry on sign it
this is officially the last pre-order
that I'm assigning okay I'm going to try
and make it how can I sign it watch them
holding my camera I'm gonna put my
camera in my mouth
who's that
there you go / next little heart there
for you no one else has got a heart if
you get this one tweet me a picture it
is taking me so long to sign all of
these like literally when over a week
like well over just sitting here and
sign now let me put them all in a pile
I've got all of these and then there is
also this box literally full like the
whole box full and then there's also
another whole box at home there is
thousands and thousands so I hope if
you're watching this you you you you get
a you get a signed one my wrist is now
free from signing although these pens if
you're ever going to buy a Sharpie pen
these ones my book publishers brought me
these ones some metal ones bullet tip
metal ones so good none of them ran out
normally them are not really quick
naturally I just do about this
I think we will get let's check okay I
have got officially one minute one
minute from right now to get down to a
restaurant to go and me poppy Sean and
Zoe cooking my dinner up cooking our
dinner dinner's here guys I've got the
best spaghetti bolognaise we finished up
dinner and we're trapped
we have to wait for a clot to come in or
out this oh there's a car coming this
way and the weight of this car is going
to make that these make these shutters
open
there we go if you live in right a new
parking this cop mine
don't come it don't close on me oh my
god I promise you inside closing and
just opened again this is so heavy
have you parked close is my baby and see
coming in outside good girl we need to
fill another box of signed things and
buy things I mean book pages God punch
myself in the face I think we're all
good I think that is all of it done to
big our box is done I'm ready for
tomorrow all right I'm just getting the
bed ready ready to go to sleep it has
been a long all day a long all day just
so much traveling over the last four or
five days I've been non-stop back and
forth from London from Thursday Friday
Saturday Sunday even and today I've come
back and forth to London every single
day and that's tied me out like two and
a half hours of traveling each wave I'm
gonna go do my teeth and get into bed
and go to sleep thank you so much for
watching today thank you for
understanding my little talk I'm a
little chat and I hope it wasn't it
wasn't negative I just wanted to let you
guys be aware that there's much more
than what goes on in a YouTube bloggers
life than what you see in the 20 minute
videos like I even know some youtubers
who are going through crazy hard like
things like personal things family
things and their audiences don't even
know like there's a lot more than what
you guys see in people's lives going on
of course just like I'm sure you have
things hope
I'm closed doors so do youtubers look
into the side just there's little it's a
little thing the company made us that
one that says do more for Mitch happy
one says just say yes and the other
there's a longer quote that I don't
think I've ever read the struggle you
are in today is developing the strength
you need for tomorrow that's awesome I
love that I've never actually read that
somebody made us that one with the quote
that I love former to quote the Zoe
loves and I quote for both of us so yeah
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow with a
new block I will catch you tomorrow
because I'm vlogging tomorrow don't you
worry I'll see you then give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it if you liked
me in chase shopping if you if you just
we met we met the loveliest viewer
tonight and Jamie Oliver's rent to
Jamie's for dinner
we met the loveliest couple they were
either married or engaged or
congratulations or saw the diamond day
your ring the diamond ring on her finger
and they were just so sweet saying that
they watch all of our videos they had a
picture they were like we're gonna put
this in a frame enough front room and
they were talking about how proud of me
Marcus they are for two and Saturday
night takeaway and it was just so lovely
they were probably like 28 years old and
just so chilled and so lovely and with
our meal
I've got like one of those Jamie gold
card things or whatever it is where you
like to sign up and today if you had one
of those cards today you've got a free
glass of champagne and obviously there's
four of us but we do we didn't want any
champagne before meal so I said can you
go deliver them the champagne instead of
us because they were so lovely yeah I
will catch you tomorrow I'll see you
then good Marcus Marcus is good those
muggers know
