Marcus Marcus is good those muggers no
no no aah Oh aah
okay okay okay sit down sit you can lick
my hand
you can lick mine okay okay okay okay
Nala is definitely in charge oh right
that is it don't make me fight you you
want to fight yeah hey good morning baby
this is nice go ahead no no I'm not
getting look your ears good morning guys
damn I'm tired I went to bed at half
past 2:00 last night so ridiculous so
ridiculous it's currently 8:40 in the
morning I have to get the train in an
hour and nine minutes to get to London
for a photoshoot and I'm still in bed
and then after the photo shoot I've got
Saturday night takeaway until like 9 or
10 p.m. and then I get drinks with the
crew and the the team and the
celebrities or whatever until were like
ha was 10 11 and then I get a taxi home
and I get home at like 1:00 I am gonna
die
I am literally gonna die today I'm at
the train station
heading back to London I think I've got
three minutes to get my train but it's
the stuff today the ticket machine is
gonna be busy because I've already
accepted I've missed my train
my train leaves at 9:49 I have 1 minute
and 14 seconds okay I don't if you can
see when my trains now delayed to the
perfect I just saw the cutest dog ever I
kind of wish I just brought knowledge to
London I mean identified be allowed to
tonight at ITV but she could come in the
photoshoot with us always keep the
stairs even if you have a big case it's
good for you
I don't think about to explain what I'm
doing today to you guys
so basically I've got to go ITV at
half-past two but there is something
super super excited Marx and I are doing
something out retina run up the stairs
there Marcus and I doing in America soon
you can probably guess what it is I'm
not going to tell you but we want to
make it extra special for you guys watch
for that so we're having a photo shoot
this morning before ITV this noise is
annoying
before ITV to do something cool for you
guys the war in America and then we go
to ITV by need to wait for my mic up how
you doing today good good
I just got where we're meeting up to
plan the photo shoot today I am the
first one here how big is that if we
buddy I'm the first one it even though
it's so nearly missed my train and then
he won't delayed and then I made my
dream from the first one here
all right the photoshoot is starting it
is so cold if you see oh I just told you
what it is if you see what it is that
we're shooting then and it looks rain
why is that that in me and it looks warm
the world is a lie
everything is alike because it's
freezing how do you sorry we get shot
with the London Eye god Marcus work get
that run your fingers for your hair
we've just bumped into Veronica and she
drew a picture of us the boys let me
show you here I'll try and put it on
screen as well that picture is so
popular and you drew it that's amazing
everybody go follow her on Instagram
yeah she's so talented
yeah I like focus
we finished the photo shoot how did it
go about hitting me we just grabbed some
food first this looks so delicious
Marcus's just spotted it's good old pal
from a couple of years ago tell
everybody just a relapse you can't call
it a relapse it's not a drug addiction
so we've arrived as how do not take away
we are practicing the rehearsing for
tonight or the cowboy scene right put
loads on him loads on him who does the
other one that said you need so much
keeps them oh whoa black tie my hair
spray my eyes do to my is there for that
one you stink but that one what are you
doing guys I just hit only happen by
five minutes ago I hit three million
subscribers on this YouTube channel what
the bloomin heck was one of them and
hair no the other day you know challenge
you to fifty thousand subs is just
challenged it again serious serious no
guys thank you so much for three million
subscribers that is absolutely crazy my
main channel is about it five million is
worse like forty thousand well I don't
trust you go away why you can't walk
around you're not handing it out rhythm
when I say say something to them for me
hitting three mil well done guys Alfie
tells me every day how proud he is of
you guys for helping him reach his
milestones so you've done a great job
and he's very proud of you that's the
quietest thing I've ever heard you say
about me that's the nicest thing and
again tensioners bicep like I told you
the other day for those variants cured
is around me because I'm so muscly they
asked to tense a lot
we've got like 20 minutes until we need
to need to head out for is in just
rehearsal in 20 minutes we've got my
cowboy out there and and then we'll film
of Little Mix and then we've got dinner
and then the shot then it begins pop
I'll just go downstairs now to get
changed into cowboy outfit thank you so
much
seriously yeah that looks so good we
have just eaten all of our delicious
food
mucks not got to head down because in 14
minutes
oh hello 14 minutes until with you
beyond I'm going to leave my camera of
Maddie and she's gonna film the TV
screen hopefully
Marcus Marcus is good
don't Marcus no Marcus oh no is locked
it don't worry don't worry
dami I've only got one pound coin it
doesn't fit guys my camera battery keeps
on dying it's gonna die any second the
show's finished it was amazing I'm about
to I'm in a taxi and go home now Wow
Marcus we had a good time
he's weird Marcus wait there he is
everybody's getting a haircut folks let
me cut your hair sit down no as well
what triangles you shirts yeah guys look
at Marcus t-shirt it's got a triangle
bit left on so they can see it's like
triangular shape on one side my name is
JB JoJo's Oh JB sir sit down so I can
blow my head chop it chop chop chop chop
we've had a good evening bro give me
some see you soon see you soon your
viewers are gonna miss me
no they won't give them a little class
all right I've just got home completely
fell asleep in the car like dead asleep
my camera battery's still flashing so it
could run out
nah let's just put herself to bed she's
so sleepy aren't you gonna say hello to
the vlog while you still asleep
seriously you would have like ants dog
tonight and had a big old Labrador with
them I think it was his anyway then I
and he'd take your jumper off you though
bed yeah she has two beds uh-huh
you went in there yourself I'm gonna
miss you I'll see you in the morning is
it gonna hurt
I'm actually scared
