is it gonna hurt I'm actually scared
morning guys
hello it's the morning Marcus is in the
room next to at the moment is in the
toilet he said to me that he was going
to the gym this morning and by the time
you wake up Alfie I'm already gonna be
gone but I'll be back at quarter past
nine or something rubbish like that he
is the worst I woke up at half past
seven like I do every single day and I'm
just like yep I'm awake I text him like
five times no reply he then just text me
about two minutes ago like kind of
didn't go to the gym I'm too tired
excuses bro you can't be his head just
me if you're not going to the gym every
morning I went to the gym this morning
bro you just weren't there where were
you at well you know what you've got
like a ghost in this room you've got
like a demon in the lives in the loft
bit have you been up there before have
you been up in the loft bit before
listen teaming up there bro a little
girl was poking her head out last night
scary business anyways how you doing
today guys today is jerk and I'm gonna
be allowed to film what we're doing
today jerkin okay Marcus says he reckons
I am hopefully I am hopefully I'm gonna
head to film it just thought I'd update
ya that I'm awake and I'm energized and
I'm about to start editing the daily
blog I need to edit it now before the
day begins
whoaaah
what you mean I find this t-shirt
knowing cuz I don't have a pocket I
always use my pocket and put my phone in
it I'm so jealous you've got to these
both your pockets I always buy one isn't
enough it's just never enough guys Marx
is finally awake
this guy thinks he's got a train
Hey right I wasn't allowed to film what
we were doing today mark the Microsoft
we're definitely going to allowed to
film today we definitely are no we
weren't allowed to film what we did
today
well I'm allowed to film us getting
lunch now there's like a little food
festival one right by the net ghetto
London eyes up there what food festival
marks are doing if they're gonna do
chemo boy you might not do that go that
looks good
the scene that we're shooting on
Saturday marks at one point smashes a
portal and this is a sugar glass bottle
smashes by really quickly in either just
top one on the floor over here then if
you can see it's like everywhere it
looks so real it's basically the
basement the scene is Little Mix
affirming then they are singing magic
yeah and it's kind of like cowboy stone
what's this beam colistin Albert cowboy
West but what is cool I blew something
so basically the whole like the whole
set my cowboy kind of vibes
they're all finished up for that scene
you guys I have got like 10 minutes to
upload my daily vlog it is uploaded but
I haven't ticked it live yet I've also
got half of my hotdogs left completely
forgot to tell you why we're here
basically we're back here Saturday night
takeaway and another day of rehearsals
obviously by the time you're watching
this it's tomorrow evening that evening
you're watching this we're on Saturday
night takeaway so tune in the future
we've got my hot dog still to eat and
yeah things are crazy we've just been
told that we can use one of the bottles
to try smashing on each other's heads
this is going to be cool that didn't
hurt oh yeah
Marcus literally just brought with me
thank you sorry guys my hair
amazing thank you so much she's just
good got everything have a lovely baby
hello hello hello
how you doing you having a nice day with
mommy yeah a nice day
all right let's take my shoes off yo
that was a long car journey so do not
take away the house was awesome sorry
they're a bit rushed you guys watching
this literally did not allowed to film
it and then 15 minutes before finishing
up there by the way you're allowed to
film today I didn't even know anyways
back home now I'm tired I've come back
to the biggest Chinese order for three
of us in the world dad he was like you
need to get almost because where are the
chips chips and curry sauce oh my gosh
toilet I'm just taking my luck to go to
the toilet before she goes to bed it is
11 o'clock at night and I don't really
know what else to say I'm so full up it
is insane I just ate so much food today
has been so cool like shooting that
earlier Saturday night takeaway stuff
was so much fun and we got the smash the
bottle over my head gone then in Tibet
sit there you go good girl I'll see in
the morning good night alright guys I am
all tucked up in bed why don't look like
I've got no hair one thing that you guys
know that I love to do when I get into
bed because I find it super hard to fall
asleep at night I don't know if it's
only me
but Zoe next to me you obviously okay
she's not a seat tonight normally she's
asleep within like two I will actually
know you say you're not sleeping you
were already asleep downstairs so he
falls asleep literally it's one of those
people she can close her eyes and she's
asleep straight away for me and they
don't get into bed
just like wide-awake and I just sit here
and I'm like okay what do I do not talk
on the phone look on my laptop do I
watch TV like do anything what I do so
one thing that you guys know they love
to do obviously I do because I've got a
gaming channel is play games at
nighttime and I tweak quite a lot asking
you for suggestions if I wasn't calling
fun games that I can play and I tweeted
the other night and I think I even
mentioned it in a daily vlog I'm pretty
sure saying what are some cool games at
the moment that I can play and the
company best fiends got in touch with me
and they're like okay
Alfie try our game have a play for it
it's free on the App Store and just see
what you think of it so I downloaded the
app to just see what it was like get a
feel for it and it turns out is crazy
addictive I've really really fun and
then I am other bacchanals absolutely
love the game
I'm already on level 25 nothing you
already told me about it recently an
awardee on level 25 and they were like
we would love to work together on a
video you share with your audience and I
was like okay let's do it
I love your game so I just thought I
would show you show you the game and see
what you guys think let me know if
you're who you probably mostly already
play it because I know people like
PewDiePie play this game Marx yes in qgi
plays this game so many youtubers play
this game so most of you probably
already play it as well and you're
probably better than me because no I
mean I'm quite good I'm one level let me
show you what level arm so basically
what you do is just start down here this
is level one level two three four five
six look I call the graphics cards
little birds and then basically I am all
the way up here on level 29 which I
thought was really good and they're not
kind of found out that there's over 350
levels and there are new levels every
three weeks so I need to step up my game
oh my gosh I thought never 29 was good
let's mess about let's go for something
it's slightly easy like let's go
level 12 2035 days and we need to kill
seven slugs boss okay
four down oh my god company greens we
can get shut up no what look at that
that is insane
but legit that was insane oh my I'm
doing so well guys I've got nobody this
good look how many Purple's I can get
you ready oh my gosh
look how many there are just I nearly
the whole board I just did it one go if
I get that that drops down Bosh maybe I
think I've done it I've done it six
moves left yo sorry about that
great I bet you guys are watching this
I'm just gonna find it so easy and I
know what you're like you're gonna be
tweeting me pictures of you or like
level 56 or 110 or something ridiculous
I just can't do it
this level is hard I've still got 16
energy left so I'm gonna carry on
playing after I finish the vlog in and
yeah I just thought I'd show you the
game because they got in touch and I
genuinely love that as you can see one
level 29 already myself I don't ever
promote anything in videos that I
honestly don't believe that you guys
will enjoy and this is one of the things
that they just go and touch me and I was
like I genuinely love you I love the
game like I've been playing it and I
really enjoy it so why would I not want
to just tell my audience about death
it's really cool go have fun playing the
game guys I will leave a download link
to it down below the app like the icon
thing if you gone app store looks like
this open it here now don't dawn yeah
I'm gonna in the vlog thank you so much
for watching today go and enjoy it let
me know what level you get up to unless
it's about 29 because then that means
you're better than me
why don't you need to step my game up
actually I've got a long train journey
tomorrow I'm getting the train to London
tomorrow morning for a photo shoot with
Marcus so I might just see him play
train and then I can catch up with you
guys I hope you've enjoyed today I hope
you enjoyed the behind-the-scenes of
saturnine takeaway I hope you enjoyed
what your Markus bottle me over the head
I hope you enjoyed me boolean Marcus
this morning and I was just messing
about together and yeah I will catch you
tomorrow with a new daily vloggers
always and have a lovely evening
have a lovely day keep being awesome I
love you so much I catch my it's also
like they get
