is also like naked-eye morning hello
hello come and then she let you out come
to them I'm gonna Scout side good go
blue my neck it's freezing maybe I'm not
gonna go outside it it's so cold
nah nothin god there go to the toilet
good morning guys
mavin to be a little bit more quiet than
usual for Gazoo II is still asleep in
bed because I said that she could have a
line and I'll do knotted this morning
and I'll go up and make breakfast look
how lovely the weather is today and it's
still so early you ready wait wait good
then good girl it's juice time everybody
so I've just got out all of our
pre-prepared packed fruit that doesn't
look so nice anymore but it is actually
fresh fruit that we just put in the
freezer and it will be delicious and I
called our juicer and everything here so
I'm just going to make Zoe and I a
little a little smoothie this is going
to be so good also have added coconut
water into it three two one and to
finish it all up
big old straw big old straw look at
these guys they're so fat they're so
good for smoothies I don't think you've
got the memo of make waked mummy up
nicely know that oh and she's gone under
the covers
anyways I bought you a smoothie up what
you doing
no no Oh what you doing no no no now
that we agreed to whip mummy up nicely
okay maybe not first thing you have to
do when you wake up watch toys new music
video
this looks delicious
we got toast halloumi beans and
scrambled egg calm even got some little
sprinkles sprinkles sesame seeds earlier
parents all right I've just got to
Brighton station now it is 12:30 1:00 my
train leaves
I believe at 12:49 I haven't had you
checked I kind of just made up in my
head and think I think it might be
happening yes I've got 18 minutes to
catch my train anyone that's looking to
be weird because I'm vlogging of 18
minutes to buy to get and catch the
train I managed to get my ticket quick
enough to have enough time to buy coffee
and a bottle of water for the train
journey and I'm walking to the end of
the change that I can get first at the
other side always walk to the end by
hopefully this is the right ticket this
time generally over dad buy three
tickets because they kept in selling me
different ones
thank you yeah always use the stairs
guys it's quicker and we'll get you fed
flattery I can't guarantee they're just
a cup the stairs are gonna bet you bet
but it will help
I've got to say the star in Victoria in
their shops are some of the nicest but
there's such friendly just happy members
of staff in here I don't know what it is
I don't if it's all sorry I don't know
what it is I can't work it out I don't
know if it's because everybody that
comes through here is in a good mood no
that can't be true not everybody goes to
a train station is in a good mood I
don't know let me know in the comments
what you think it is because everybody
in there whether they work in next or
prayer or yo sushi or wherever they're
in a good mood and I don't know why
hey how you doing yeah really good
thanks Oh your car smells good
I've just finished something really
important meeting it went so well I'm so
excited and I am about to get a photo
taken for a visa so that I can work in
America I've been wearing a beanie all
day
hey hey learn good right
I have literally blogged nothing today
I've been in meetings I've just finished
up and I'm back at Marcus's place for
dirt he's cooking up some delicious
looking dinner although he's got some
weird stuff what the bloomin L is this
that is not a sweet potato is that it's
not as though every day no what is that
lanky oh boy slot your legs sorry I
would look at your point is haven't Leo
nibble a bit more go on I know you love
will know how much of your proper
healthy you just haven't even gone
leave me word leave me alone a health
person I hope you even will help stuff
in your book having it whatever Wow go
on a legend would start won't put me off
serious concentration going on Anna okay
telling you now that that's not what
future do this like that's what sweet
potatoes yeah that's what it looks like
those were those were chunky old boys
that wasn't my dish was that that wasn't
so I know that it from shop look at that
look what with his seasoning going down
never would you know about that Boise is
getting out the plant the plant based
diet rosemary rosemary she had to use
rosemary and stuff
I smell I never use anything like this
have a ton plan Jim commoners no I
haven't yet I literally haven't brought
home done anything the last time I vlog
to think I was like I'm about to go into
a meeting so have a meeting actually I
don't if I did lock that anyway meeting
today was super successful but
merchandise and stuff and now just come
up to market is Tonya Juma on the way
I've kind of crashed it it was meant to
be markers Tonya Jim but I don't want to
get a train back in peak time because
it's like the busiest thing not to stand
up and it was kind of like a sauna and
sweaty and more lying kids and people
trying to work and yes I just rang up
Marcus it was up to and it turns out
he's massaging sweet potato so he's a
before you gonna say thing go on cheeky
war just given to Taylor cheeky
fingering
it wasn't about look at your fingers bow
no
so yeah told you Jimmy coming over mocks
when you're cooking them to dinner and
and then I was like bro I hope you don't
want it crushed it let then say that was
I'm gonna leave ruin the night shut up
you know as well I have not even begun
yarsa but I was gonna he's Martha and
then I realized it's the dog it's Martha
come in things like fancy modern ages
anyways I've crashed it
I'm coming over when I am over and way
more you even cook in burgers fries boy
I feel like it's burgers because I can
see a lot of a lot of minced movie buff
mince meat beef stop
you grind yet no don't quite a legend
yes good you got glasses I bet you that
stops people crying yes it does because
then the fumes can't like hit your eye
fuse whew yeah the onion fumes
Ivan filmed anything since the Elvis
how'd you get copyright strike everybody
yeah cheers for that we just finish up
eating dinner tasted like auto crap
you're a great place it like Tonya how
did it taste
um crap yep we are great how did it
taste mark the disk it
I'm joking it was delicious
everybody this is my clean plate there's
two little bits but the bug was so big I
couldn't finish it oh it's such a good
me you took a discreet yeah it really is
the burglar was massive it was really
just a good dick so let see a lot
where's the little one this is what in
every single day to vlog of mine Marcus
just texted his arms there's something
that he like I think he feels very
insecure and he just has to do I think
it's just for you guys watching this he
it feels like he needs to show you
something he needs to he knows that I'm
so head she's probably missing anything
yeah I think it's just a front of my
audience because they see me looking so
ripped all the time from working out he
tries to show them and show you guys
that you're healthy what else Pro I've
gone to the gym like zero time since
Christmas happy not showing my leg oh my
god you need to see him on my video too
so um right so chairman of it explain it
before you get out under my fine guy
yeah so I've been running a lot because
I'm doing the marathon this year and has
you do um I'm not very good at running
and I started training much too late and
I've got like a really bad bit of my leg
here that's pretty tight and it's hurt
my knee loads so I had a massage when he
says bad and hurt load she means like
basically like a king like internally
like the muscle isn't very good not what
this what your back seat I had a massage
from a guy today who basically buffers
me up and then gets that I go big sort
of a blunt knife and just rubs it all
over and it's like really good at
releasing all it's meant to be good for
you in the long run there's good for you
in the shorten this short run that's my
leg look at that bruise that's it hurts
so much
oh my look at
yes hello mate bro this huh
yeah yeah you know I don't want to touch
it I feel like it's a little spot here
where it was like just a big oh my god
but real did you ever play when you were
younger like yes you everybody
did you go for a wee wees
did you ever play that game when you
were younger like dead-on competitions
or like you know if I don't I'm dad's
yeah when you're nice I'll do it now or
cry oh it may show you anything I need
there's a guy that lets do in French and
me she's punching those notes about the
leg every day and that's what happens
there that's basically what happened to
hurt so much I nearly cried I would have
cried I would have just given up I
couldn't you know I couldn't sit there
and just lets up like let somebody hurt
me he's my client
how's that for more stupid than me
obviously I fired it how much should you
pay it's quite it's I'm gonna be hanging
with could get beaten up yeah you pay
dungeon 20 pounds ago yeah now favorite
because it's a because I'm cause I'm
doing the the America matter done with
both short out it sort out yeah he paid
to get Bruce back but like it's like a
proper scientific thing as well he comes
in with this big old life utensil I
don't think is I think just done you
over it's cast wardrobe pranks their new
prank video you should be in you up
there like close your eyes we're gonna
massage in just like punching you why
you filming why are you snapchat in me
side okay teaches legaly otayo
hey hello Chi Minh oh look a kangaroo
yes kangaroo kangaroo dog water you do
in and then she reversed Marcus Butler
everybody Marcus but that way well my
hamstrings are tight from the gym
you're such an idiot sit oh thank you
lie down roll over no no I can't do that
change of plan everybody I'm not going
back to Brighton tonight I look like gum
blooming a burglar look at me I'm not
going back to Brighton tonight anymore
because I've got oh I've got to be here
at Marcus's place at like look at his
little head poking up hello I've got to
be back at his place here at like 9:00
in the morning tomorrow so if I was
going to go all the way home was just
gonna have to literally get a car back
tomorrow morning at like 8 o'clock or
something I can we just run out of
memory some reason it's set in German I
have no idea why anyways what was I
saying yeah I was meant to be go back to
Brighton tonight and then getting a car
back up super early tomorrow morning
kind of no point because it worked out
that I would have to be back here in
like nine hours time so there's just no
point me leaving going to bed as soon as
I get home and then coming all the way
back in the morning to here I may as
well just stay over but it does mean
that I don't have any spare boxers I
don't have any spare trousers t-shirt or
anything so in tomorrow's vlog I'm going
to be wearing the same as I'm wearing
today please excuse me if I smell how'd
you know I can still have a shower
Byam I'm just gonna have to wear the
same clothes just ignore it okay it's in
tomorrow's video when I'm wearing the
same clothes as this don't blog the
comment say now if he doesn't change his
clothes I do I just I just didn't plan
on staying can you do an exclusive cover
for us sorry Marcus has done a few
covers and then if you seen on his more
Marcus channel you probably have seen
because it's getting like 40 thousand
subs a day at the moment um who's on the
new book right what's your favorite song
at the moment
I'm the nevela all right carry on
singing that song that was just on what
about song yeah I'll do that
no way get that going get your foot
wobble out yeah right let's mute it
you just have to sing it oh is that the
acoustic that's not the acoustic all
right we'll put it on quietly you have
to sing it you ready seven years
everyone what's up seven years old my
mama told me hey you saw so many organ
only one sound seven years old in a won
some big big world to me we'll be able
bigger this is without looking at the
screen
good boy the lyrics of the law or doing
about looking scree the lyrics aren't
even on the screen what's that gonna
film and tell you without looking at the
screen well I think you got it the wrong
way and sucking the air out there
sucking the air out bro
there we go so what you're getting it
lift it up in a minute hold in there you
know you're still on the ground I'm
kidding you're still on the ground
that wasn't my little bit over girl of
course blow-up bed cool though isn't it
no more marketing or everybody it's all
markers today we are trying not to fart
challenge I'm Jake and I love your
Marcus channel oh right
guys I look like a boiled egg my head
from my hat hair being push back all day
my head looks like a bald eggs so I'm
gonna have to go now it should look like
dynamo like a really big hood I'm gonna
end the vlog here guys
I'm not tucked up in bed yet however I
will be I just want to go and brush my
teeth we've gonna have to do it my
finger tonight because I don't I don't
have my toothbrush here anyways if you
enjoyed the video give it a big ol
thumbs up if you enjoyed Marcus's cover
give it a thumbs up Marcus you can't say
that guys he just bet that this blog
won't be able to get 50,000 thumbs up
yeah he says you guys are such crap
subscribers you're not going to get this
blog 50,000 thumbs up you guys show him
how sick you are let's do this I believe
in you have a lovely keep being you guys
you don't even know what I'm saying I'm
speaking a load of rubbish I'll catch
you tomorrow
have a lovely evening again let's smash
that 50,000 thumbs up yeah Marcus yeah
you say 70,000 thumbs up you you are
going to do Marx is going to do the ice
bucket challenge with poppy if this
video gets 70,000 thumbs up is that what
you just said yeah
it's also like naked
hi bro all right I'll catch you tomorrow
good night hey welcome everybody it's
all unjustly corny but I better wake up
you look at all these new shoes oh yeah
maybe see to shoes corny go miss me
look at those bad boys right see
tomorrow see you later okay right right
right right right
