good morning guys good morning and today
the girls got up what are you barking at
knowledge very barky this morning at
literally nothing and the girls got up
all of them just didn't work out here
like an hour I don't know what it was
like a what workout fitness DVD and then
also after that did the ten minute
button bum blitz bum blitz thing whilst
I slept groping dr. Melfi well I think
I'm going to go for I've been saying and
been telling you guys not going to stop
going jogging
I think I'm going to try and go jogging
tonight on a Nara you're going to come
with me we're gonna go jog in together
but 20 minutes or something we're gonna
try we're gonna see you happens ever
here Zoe is cooking up a delicious
looking blooming out some big old trunks
looks like butter on my camera but it's
halloumi well so we having eggs
halloumi tomatoes baked beans night
nobody beans fill up with egg poached
eggs and vermis and spinach and sesame
seeds whilst they're cooking up the
breakfast I'm gonna sit down and I've
got a little stack left at home of these
pages to sign for you guys for my new
book I think that's probably about 400
here so I'm going to try my best to get
through these and I've also got tons
left I did last night and never then all
down here like hundreds of them and then
obviously the most of them is at my
office but I'm getting there I'm getting
there signing as many as I possibly can
for you guys
yo this looks good except I can cook the
egg sorry no I like my grow that give my
little one
see you later okay baby right come on
get you back out commands literally
falling asleep
so funny my gosh so good magically slips
that you know when you joke whoa
never sucker ginger shot I've got a
ginger shot guys you guys know a love
these really delicious to drink if you
suck at than your inhale the ginger and
it's spicy as hell right I'm currently
just working on a new little gaming
video here that's going to be coming up
actually it's kind of a gaming video
it's a quiz that's going to be going on
my gaming channel rather than a gaming
video but it's still kind of game it's
it's a cool video I'm just working on it
now
it's 534 and I've just finished
uploading all of the videos for today so
I've uploaded my daily vlog and it has
gone live I've uploaded a gaming video
for tonight which was yesterday for you
that is about to go live in 25 minutes
I've also uploaded a gaming video that's
going to go live tomorrow which is the
day you are watching this and I've also
uploaded a gaming video to go live on
Friday which is tomorrow for you that is
for new videos and so excited I feel so
relieved I feel so happy like I don't
know it's hard to describe the feeling
if you're not a youtuber the feeling
that a youtuber feels once they tick
that upload button it's not like from
how I'm talking about it now so I'm just
doing the blinds you may seem like it's
like a sign of relief like I've done now
I can just go home and relax that is not
it at all
it is purely a sign of excitement
because I just put so much time into
making those videos that I can't wait
for you guys to watch them and see what
I've created as I said it is 5:30 I'm
kind of torn between going home now or
whether I should go and sign a ton more
of my new books for you guys I think I
might sign for like an hour
and then head home although actually I
bought my mom a present today let me
show you guys because I would have given
it to her by now I mean probably the
other day we went into a shoe shop you
know when we walked down to the beach
and then we headed back up because there
was so many of you guys were mobbing us
that we literally couldn't walk on the
beach like it was unbelievable we
ordered my mom wait let me throw back so
about my mom's quite she doesn't like to
spend money on herself if I asked for
something she would do everything she
possibly can to try and make that happen
for me like anything if I rang her now
as a mom I need a lift home from work
I'm at my office she would be here like
that to come and pick me up if I said
mom I really want a new pair of shoes
she'll do everything she can to buy me
that new pair of shoes she's just like
the best mom in the world
however she doesn't ever spend a penny
on herself and I literally mean and I
don't then when she goes out for lunch
and stuff but I'm saying like clothes or
shoes or I don't know like tickets to go
to a festival or no festival my mum
wouldn't want to go to a festival like a
concert or I don't know you guys get
what I mean
she doesn't like spend money on herself
because she feels like she'd rather
spending on others she is amazing she
bought a new pair of shoes for herself
and she absolutely loves them she's had
this pair of shoes from a shop called
Russell and Bromley and we walk past the
exact shop bustle and Bromley the other
day and I saw in the window the exact
pair of shoes that my mum has but in
another colour so I had to go in there
mean probably went straight in we asked
for them and unfortunately didn't have
them so we ordered them in and today I
popped in just to see if they had them
there yet so I couldn't remember when
they got them in stock and they've only
gone and got them haven't they so I just
went and picked up the new shoes that
poppy and I bought her and they look
they're so lovely I think she's got them
in like dark purple or black but anyways
she loves them she really even likes
them so she doesn't know but we went and
bought half that pair last week and I
just went to pick them up today so on
the way back from the office I need to
remember I would say please remind me
obviously as you're watching this is
already happened I've already left the
office it's the next day so I cannot
forget I need to in fact I know what I'm
going to do
I'm going to put them right by my office
door over here therefore I cannot forget
to take them to hers on the way on the
way back home tonight anyways I'm going
to get on with signing a ton more I look
like blue books for you guys so that
more do you get signed ones and I'll
probably catch money go home Brighton
you are the one for me like you
literally have everything to offer you
have C you have lovely friendly people
you have a city with that cinema
shopping center to trim in everything
guys if you haven't ever experienced
writer before then I urge you from
wherever you live in the world leave
less staring at mix some vlogging in
public higher view just to visit once
visit once that's what Felix Marzia
PewDiePie did
and then you ended up moving here
because it's so awesome I love it here
and it's like an hour to London and Ross
it's not even far Brighton
hello nugget how you doing you had a
nice day of mummy have you look at these
guys
oh my gosh we're gonna have to eat this
one how jealous Nala how jealous you
can't have human food sorry I'm cooked
up our dinner and we just sat down to
watch look at my hair it's crazy sat
down to watch a movie together what we
watching unfriended I think a lot of you
guys have seen out a lot of YouTube's
talked about it when it came out but we
haven't seen it finished out watching
the film it was actually really good
wasn't that that will win yeah well
you're making a brits now my camera
batteries go doo-doo-doo-doo it might
die any second we're watching the Brits
I wanted L to win the best single I
don't even know who all the nomination
about this same Biden who is well that
was a big song I think Adele's gonna win
it though bloomin adele nobody you know
that Olly Murs yeah I love that song
one thing we're gonna love all of them
if they're voted the focus yes I love
this song
she just performed out here as well oh
it's Lema now I don't know what I filmed
today but I hope you having a lovely day
not it's fun why not be for my liking
oh my god this look at my hair sorry
wait who's this man Adele it's got to be
my gosh look at her I want to see up 400
going to the bridge we were like that
let's watch it guys we were both invited
to go to the Brits tonight yeah oh we
were both invited to get Justin I think
Justin shut up there on the mattress Oh
Bieber yeah look
just in new doors just kidding yeah we
were both invited to go there tonight a
lot of our friends are there but I'm in
London
literally tomorrow Friday Saturday and
Monday I wasn't actually asked if I
wanted to go no you were I wasn't no one
asked me there's no way I'll go any no
no no the bus we didn't know even came
out to you as well
well I said no I didn't want to go just
because I'm already in London like four
days this week maybe I should have gone
because we did whatever it's ready look
at me
become about to run out of charge but
we've stepped it up a level we've got
hummus and pita bread and mini eggs
these are literally my favorite
chocolate no chocolate bar reflect on
bars a twister or a twirl or whisper or
a tower whisper or 12 but these look at
the bloomin sides with a look it
look at it we're watching the Brits and
Justin Bieber's just one just one one
see in the morning no night it is at
half-past twelve I just spent the last
hour and a half sitting downstairs so I
just ripped my bracelet in so I might
this be I just spent the last hour and a
half sitting downstairs Roscoe's asleep
next to me just signing and signing and
signing and signing for you guys so it's
been productive I need you went out for
a jog I tweeted saying Chilika wait this
is annoying let me take these out I've
got to equip my camera back to his
blinking again
I need even have her jog tons of you
tweeting you st. done you're gonna get
stabbed you're gonna get killed
thanks guys it's nothing so scared now I
didn't I didn't even think of that
before
and if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up I'm sorry I'm rushing it's
because the battery thing up there is
like okay to tomorrow I love you so much
good night okay sure cuz you're healthy
you ready
was that good is that good it literally
feels like living rock solid
