good morning guys good morning everybody
how are you doing the time is currently
oh my gosh 10 minutes to 9:00 already I
woke up a quarter past seven today this
morning I woke up so energized like I
don't know how true with the sleeping
patterns and like different layers you
can sleep in order that is I think it is
quite true but I hear a lot of people
saying oh if you get woken up at the
right time the amount of hours the right
sleep cycle or whatever it is you feel
very different like there are apps on
your phone that you can download that
wake you up but the perfect time to wake
up compared to ten minutes later you
could wake up and you're more tired well
anyways today's only walk me at work
walk me up woke me up at quarter past
seven my lawn normally goes off at half
past seven she went up a quarter past
seven and I was wide awake like I let
you woke up and I was okay so that might
be a new thing that I could start waking
up 15 minutes earlier might prove my
whole day you can jump over there come
on you literally jumped out ten seconds
ago
come on oh you just so tired you can't
jump over let me help you what there you
go when only gets so tired that she just
wants to sleep she can't even jump over
that little barrier but she jumped over
it like literally 30 seconds before I
started filming and now she's awake
enough to be playing with piggy are you
we got your little jump run run solo to
everyone yeah how you doing your little
messy one let's see this go and get it
go on look you are definitely awake
enough to jump over that little fence oh
you dropped it come on you little silly
one I've got to go meet Morgan at 10
o'clock at my office he is coming over
to well actually I don't want to call it
an office anymore
I want to rebrand it I want to reshape
it because an office is stereotypically
very like office with desk on it I mean
no no officer does desk with computer on
that desk of computer on a desk of
computer honor and obviously my office
is not like that or my office is more
like I'll try and explain it somebody
yesterday and I basically ended up
saying it's like a creative hub because
there's so much fun and stupid stuff
there as well it's been productive like
there is like places to film videos
there is computers to edit on but there
is a lot of just like fun things to do
so I kind of wanna instead of calling in
the office going forward I kind of want
to cool it maybe a studio that's what
I've been thinking is yesterday let me
know what you think in the comments what
I should call it whether it's like a
creative hub a studio and office I think
I think a studio works better than an
office because because I table to the
same point load of fun stuff but it is
still productive I'm still making more
videos than ever since I've been in my
office so I'm still happy I got it and
everything and it still it's still
nowhere near even finished I'm still in
talk to people about building off
anyways anyways I'm meeting Morgan there
at 10 o'clock because he's going to help
me again
today before my gaming videos it's going
to help me like download with the games
pick the right games basically he knows
really well how to use a PC and I'm only
good on Mac so he's going to help me out
the PC stuff but um yeah I need to make
some breakfast no not to have I bought
some of these while say some you buy
packet like twelve or twenty or
something back to Mel I don't know if
it's actually good for you
I just bought a load of them yesterday
because apparently like is it probiotics
are really good for you I just keep on
here people different people say how
could you take probiotics for your chest
it could have the chest so I just bought
a load packet of these and don't even
know when you take them on how you take
them anyways I'm going to have some
breakfast and I capture in a bit
although I'm yet to film
anything at the office today I am
already leaving it is that hot past 1:00
lunchtime I've got to head back because
zoey is having a photo shoot today so
neither is a home and obviously we can't
leave her at home very long by herself
however I have had such a productive
time whilst here that I haven't even
managed to film so I've signed over a
thousand books for you guys you know my
new book is coming out soon
literally in like a few weeks now if you
preorder it some of the pre-orders the
signs I've just signed like another
thousand of those today I've just filmed
two new gaming videos Morgan also came
over and helped me produce with the
given videos and stuff like that and we
got three gaming videos edited as you
know I did not learn a daily vlog for
you yesterday which is today for me
because I just didn't film yesterday
I just spent most of the day literally
old insert a clip now of what I spent
most of yesterday do it
literally just signing and signing when
I put my laptop on the other side and
signing for you guys so it was a pretty
damn boring day to watch on camera I did
feel most of it but I just didn't end up
uploading it because it really just
wasted your time it wasn't worthy
anyways I'm going to head back home now
I just thought I would update you and
let you know that I have been very
productive today and a happen at the
office and I have been making videos for
you so when I get back home I didn't
want you to different want you to watch
this think in Blumenau we just spent all
day at home and didn't even go to the
office he lied to us I have been at the
office guys and I have been styling
stuff all day yeah bye let's head back
home let's go see the puppy where's my
little doggy hello hello you lying down
you sunbathing you lying in the Sun hey
baby
hey gorgeous hello okay she open this up
there we go
so you can jump over it check outside
she wrecked outside together come on
then it's such a lovely day today guys
the Sun is like blinding I can't even
open my eyes
put him a neck you enjoying the Sun or
you just sniffing that tree cool have
fun sniffing the bush I'm sorry I didn't
mean to my elbow hit biggie we are just
chilling on the sofa we're relaxing
aren't we yeah we had fun outside today
missing about in the Sun we've done some
playing outside in the Sun which neither
loves and then we both both were chillin
on the sofa over there because the Sun
was coming through onto the floor and
onto her little bed she loves playing in
the Sun and now we both just sat down
watching making a murderer because I
never actually
okay moment when we wait I think they're
about to say the verdict just pause
there and I never actually got past
episode 8 I loved it so much but
something happened I think I think we
started watching Luther oh I'm sorry
mine Oh am i annoying yo am i waking you
up by blogging oh now you're sitting on
piggy good girl
yeah I never actually got past episode 8
because we started watching Luther and
we got really really into that so I'm
just finishing it up I think I think I'm
going to watch episode 8 today and there
may be like so nine two more in ten in
the next couple of days or something
you're watching it and you're watching
it with me aren't you but you're just so
sleepy by the ho I finished signing a
ton more of my books for you guys and I
finished watching episode eight and I'm
halfway through episode nine we are now
about to head off to probably insurance
my cousin is he is also there and we're
going to make some pizzas we've got our
ingredient team poppin Shawn I've got a
load as well go although cheese a little
pizza thing that you put in the oven I
think tonight we're even going to make
it from scratch like properly make the
dough and everything which I don't think
I've done before
I don't know how long it takes another
task we are also doing tonight what I'm
doing tonight is Zoey has got a spare
desk and my sister hasn't got a very big
desk to work from so we're taking Zoe
spare desk over there we're going to try
to I don't know if it's going to fit in
the car or not so I've just taken it
apart the glass is like the heaviest
thing in the world cuz it's so thick we
might forgotten Poppy's car because that
definitely isn't going to fit in my car
and it definitely isn't going to fit in
Zoey's Mini and let's rip the roof down
which I don't want to do because it's
freezing all right we managed to get the
table finally over it is all sorted and
it fits perfectly we are now in waitress
Sean and I the others all relaxed inside
were there in the cold we're going to
get some
as I said and literally in my last clip
I was like we're gonna meet the dough
apparently takes four hours for be
sedated John Wayne looking at the
library looking at this man
and the ready-made features no none of
that we were going to make yourselves
but Kari you need to need to like let it
set for hours crazy didn't know that so
it's not realistic trying to fund a
frozen section come on come on come on
not got it you know yeah we got it oh
yeah that's the other issue this is so
good as well short of what we don't have
a microwave this is frozen
can we not put in the oven for your bet
this turkey outside winner jerk and if
we ask them they'll put it in their
microwave here they've got to have a
microwave in the baking section
we need to call in a fan of white rose
Leviathan they'll do that I think if we
ask nicely enough we say we're about to
buy them can you defrost them for us
the Waitrose are you going to do it you
can help us out right let's grab some
more and you take 60 seconds wait rose
and more I know right there's five of us
so what I'm going to time record the
audio secretly
by the way we want to do that from white
way that turn upon my voice at all sorry
Jeff any form of defrosting device no
we've only got our are switched off damn
it
suppose you looking to buy these but we
don't own a microwave so we can't anyone
else every season others would be
possible for us so we don't forgotten
branch all right then
no worries damn it guys they don't have
a microwave we're going to have to put
them back that's so upsetting they would
have been so good they're so delicious
and we can't use them we've been told
that if there is pizza base is freshly
made they will be here and light it that
there is no sign of any pizza bases
which means we cannot make pizzas
one earth is that pizza day no it's not
polenta sweet corn dog lender cake yes
we've come to another shop I think we
found them oh this one was this one too
large piece that's not very large is it
let's be honest let's be honest you
lying to us why you lyin that little
icon cake oh I know is that since crack
oh it's a Scotch pancake oh my gosh make
it better
it literally feels like rubber that's
hilarious let's not get those ones what
do these ones going light in three two
oh you can't open these ones they're
just standard on it damn it
that's what we'll get should we get
these there's two there six we'll try
out if not puppy yeah let's get where
you feel our heart is crispy it
literally like a frisbee
let's get that for poppy no go grab it
all right I'll get them as well still
face the worst comes to us we just order
a takeaway yeah yeah we've tried we've
tried pot we bought you a present
now where we bought anybody normal pizza
bases here but we what why don't you
rent one close your eyes okay sure
cuz you're healthy you ready
was that good is that good
it literally feels like living rock
solid yeah better it was rubbish yeah
yes but hey you're literally so excited
we bought that as a joke it's rock solid
we bought number one a job where's are
we gon stop it wait what does spell even
mean is it like a different flower
identify Zoe as I think she might be
taking dollar up for wee-wee let's go
pardon
what no hot NOLA come on
were you gonna get her company look walk
away she won't follow can enjoy a treat
coming in well that was easy
she loves me so much more guys look at
puppies your puppies look so good look
at it I feel I'm a bitch ah I think
you'll eventually I know I look back on
that I please if not ready anymore in 3d
space look a scuff pad yeah yeah right
Zoe's is out looked pretty good this is
Izzy's the specifics if okay then this
mine there poppy poppies actually looks
like a brilliant vegetable patch and
then sure have just gone inside now now
I'm just trying to eat anything that's
falling on the floor but we're not
dropping anything Missy you're not
getting any of our pizza how are they
going they're looking good yeah
no stuff lookit okay being serious that
does actually a really good puppy I
didn't like my perfect look at it yeah
oh my gosh that poppy pop up the public
pop apart I need to go put my name now
they're gonna eat that egg gonna eat the
egg on there
yo that is cheesy are you doing what are
you doing I don't trust you alright see
in the morning for a bum workout not
everything go I don't want to go I don't
want a bigger bomb that's the thing I
keep on doing this bomb workouts but I
don't want a big peachy but something
over we need to go rock climbing this
week I I am the worst everybody
I completely forgot to end this vlog I
am so sorry but I hope you enjoyed it I
hope you enjoyed watching us make our
pizzas they were actually quite
delicious even though we couldn't get
the ones we wanted because we didn't
have a microwave and nobody had a mic
nobody had to microwave that we could
borrow I was trying to think do I even
know anybody that is closer that I could
borrow their microwave but I didn't so
we just had to had to use the bases that
were already made but they still tasted
good had such a fun evening so if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up to
let me know as usual and I'll get you
tomorrow
which is actually currently today for me
because I'm filming this the next day
because I forgot to end the vlog because
I'm the worst daily vlogger I'll see you
tomorrow good night guys Poppy's in the
toilet
I've locked the door don't get a hide my
camera
