good morning guys we are currently in a
little cafe that we didn't plan to come
and have breakfast em so we've none of
us have got food yeah this is like the
free breakfast you've got a catered is
Sunday
you're allowed out exactly specially
planned Christmas bitch goodbye Gigi
which is fill them or visit where they
are currently but we thought it opens at
10 o'clock so we all met here at 10
o'clock and it ends up opens at 11
o'clock so time is partly 10:23 I'm
gonna chill here for 40 minutes then
we'll get ahead and get breakfast what
we want to know here we go yeah no
that's good oh my gosh this looks so
good look at all of this look at all
this and get oh my gosh this place is a
mix between a cafe upstairs where you
can get food and lunches and then down
here is like a sick little shop probably
you know open at I do you mean eyes at
the toilet outside that's so cool
you're not strong enough up guys Papi's
in the toilet
lock the door don't get a high caliber I
am hiding my camera
did not see yeah so we're going to buy
some new car because as you know last
weekend we had a massive clear out in
our house just everything that we didn't
use and we don't like we got rid of and
we're just looking to buy some new new
dishes yeah give all to charity to go to
what they called why like the woman's
home places hold yeah women shelters and
homeless shelters of anyways and so
we're looking to buy some new car a new
new things that it's cause now I love
how this for in there all right watch
week these are good glasses they're big
then you can hold a lot of drink
I'm not
oh yes your yes spaceman is cubed I been
oh my god because in the power is a
power is now yeah there is the bird that
video of the little pop dollar is going
crazy trying to find Zoey I don't
actually know where she is
where's mommy where's mommy did you hear
I tried to take you out to the toilet
just a second ago when we got back there
was no choice she was going to the
toilet she wanted to see Zoey so much
look at her Nalla calm down excited see
mommy not me
oh thank you oh my don't jump off there
but don't jump off there I know you're
excited we we need a wee wee what for
breakfast your noggin
go on no quickly yeah go and hurry up
hurry up nyla quickly good girl so for
the last like four hours maybe even more
I've just been sat on the bed editing my
daily vlog and uploading that my main
channel and also uploading that oh my
gosh that was like sounds like this
brilliant 182 in here that was like an
intense editing session much needed it's
currently seven minutes past 5:00 in the
evening
and both of today's videos are live I am
so excited there is behind the scenes
from the TV stuff that me and Marcus did
a couple of days ago so you can go check
that out I leave a link down below and
also the brand new girlfriend versus
sister video which I just edited
together and it's like 14 and a half
minutes long
it is absolutely hilarious so if you
enjoyed that you know the bowls and
dishes that we bought earlier on well we
got them all all only bowls all our new
plates little bowls I know they didn't
have any of the normal sized bowls we're
going to try and go back and get some of
them so a look back to use one now for
the very first time I just got myself up
some salmon for dinner and then I've
also got some quinoa cooking up and I'm
checking out some you guys know a lot my
soy sauce and salmon and quinoa just
reading through the comments on my new
video and so many of them like this
puppy start a YouTube channel start a
YouTube channel
so funny um I've got my salmon food
although doesn't and it doesn't look
quite nice actually in the camera my
salmon and quinoa you're lying
my a tamer she's number
it's literally like you're drunk so
poppy is using that what's the app code
yes speech jammer oh my look at this
what is happening with my hair so it's
just uploading a main channel video with
mark at the moment when they play and
use the speech jammer you did so is sure
oh yeah yeah sing a song sing
supercalifragilistic I don't validate
this love you supercalifragilistic
expialidocious even though the sound of
it is something quite atrocious do
loud noise some precocious
supercalifragilistic so what did you do
own up right Sean your dinners here by
the way
Zoe come with me no let me show you what
for P why would I feel with are you come
here having friendly cats on the floor
pop come on
thank you it's not doing they down to
there no no I just felt like bad wait
like this okay to said Iran it look like
nah won't you do when the food is
arriving puppies are oh my gosh for
these meals as I stroking in then I
chairman shoes like a snapchat door
guys we have sat down everybody has got
their dinner although I ever minorly as
you saw and we are watching or back to
watch I've never seen it before not even
like I do I've watched the trailer on
his channel
I believe it from outs nervous there he
is there he is
alright guys more tucked up into bed
today's blog has just been a little bit
mismatched but it's a Sunday I've been
relaxing with poppy and Shaun and Zoe
and I don't really know what we've got
up to we went up for breakfast I added
to do my videos and then this evening we
just hung out on watch nervous more less
the whole evening we watch the entire
thing and it was really really good you
haven't seen it go check it out
congratulations Tyler and everything
about sound of it this me it's because I
got my braces in because I'm in bed put
them back in and yeah I'm going to end
the vlog you have a lovely day evening
whatever it is wherever you are in the
world and again poppy if you're watching
I'm sorry I'm sorry again for just
bullying you this entire video if you
like me bullying
papi and just messing about with her
video thumbs up to let me know you
enjoyed it and I'll catch you tomorrow I
think tomorrow I'm going to go for a jog
I might
don't don't keep me on this but I've
just downloaded the running app and I
might start running see if I'm any good
I don't think I am but I could get good
I don't know
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow good
night oh my gosh you tired yeah I don't
look it up
