oh my gosh she tired I don't look at us
good morning everybody good morning guys
I hope you're having a lovely day
whatever you're doing whatever time it
is wherever you are in the world I am
off to London I'm actually filming this
in the evening because I completely
forgot to start the vlog because I was
up so early this morning
and so I'm about to start my journey off
to London although I forgot to film that
as well so what I did is I jumped in the
car super early this morning headed off
to London to go meet with Marcus and we
hit up the ITV Studios to miss about
featuring just a tiny bit in Saturday
night takeaway a little bit of fun
nothing serious we weren't no need like
any laptop and presenting we were
literally just messing about the
background so that when you guys were
watching it you'd love wait isn't isn't
that isn't that Marcus now fee and the
average person would never clue anyways
it was a super fun day and then I'm
saying it what's you're about to watch
it I hope you enjoy the daily vlog I'm
sorry I just forgot to introduce the day
hope you enjoy it by watching the
rehearsals at the moment I'm going to be
a little bit quieter there's a man here
filling it in a band wet wet wet and he
loves it I think it's a like a what
washes bowl add some juice or juices and
even after the second that he's really
sick super then you should take this
together
loves it so much I can get that get up
yeah boy biggest export finished up
watching what is going on and all the
rehearsals and everything they're still
known through it's looking really really
good you guys would have seen this by
yesterday right now now we want to go
apparently to a joint man
maze that they fill the Eddie Marcus
play pac-man in real life yes not like a
maze on like a computer like real life
like being on training
Japan is like 400 books where people
chasing us yeah marks is like the
fitness man this is Wow oh my gosh
we might be wearing one of these look at
that nuts
you know that's so body Hey
oh my gosh you tired I look at that yeah
we didn't find anyone off to all of that
I think I overheard somebody saying that
I won um to finish that Pat and I think
I won Oh everything I'm pretty certain I
won but we're now just having some lunch
spot of lunch in a little green room
I've come for steak a weird combo weird
combo state chips couscous cottage
cheese and hummus although the weirdest
though I've uh gone for that right but I
mean you're sorry you guys have all gone
for pretty similar stuff yeah steak you
guys are missing the cottage cheese is
the one
what is Jesus so good thanks protein
pancakes pancakes ricotta cheese now is
the weird one all right and then
afterwards I think we're gonna do like a
run-through dress rehearsal but the
whole whole show obviously we're not in
this show too much guys we've just been
right along to just mess about and stuff
and just pop up and down in today's run
a little bit so not like no stress for
us at all the rehearsal is literally
gonna be us on the screen for like 10
seconds way gone boy Marcus thinks he's
a model all of a sudden we have no idea
what's going on there is like a million
people back in our Pew is apparently
after a clown and it's raining
look at 200
there's at 200 people these people are
so short professionals like stage
manager hello piggies we've just eaten
dinner I burger chips Marcus's just
snapchat enough constantly whilst
playing the most old-school again all
right let's roll yeah yeah yeah all
right things are a little bit manic
right now I think it's not like we want
a minute we're just in the cafe
let's drop on the stage you happen yeah
all right finished up on the show but
today how was that buddy that's really
really cool like crazy so great like so
many people involved there's a bloomin
boat just trillionaire absolutely nuts
I'm heading back to Brighton gonna jump
in the taxi I'm gonna meet my sister for
a drink mock's gonna Club in July
everybody yes he is he's going out
clubbing and then he's getting a cat
soon aren't you or what a cat not yes
your guys room if you've seen
yesterday's video you're gonna know that
I'm gonna buy yours too I'm buying
Marcus the cat is it a Behrman or
Burmese Behrman I was right though he
said it was called a bat meanest son
nearly bought you the wrong cat prior
right or well I already ordered it no no
was it the wrong wire no you haven't
you'll never know oh all right guys I am
finally finally home
I've been a long old day the time is 2
minutes past 11:00 do I hear a little
bark e doggy hello hello hello have you
come to say hello have you missed me
yeah did you miss me come on then come
see look properly no okay just get a
drink no no join a drink is it all gone
have you drunk it all let's fill it up
there you go enjoy that drink I left
this morning a half past nine and I now
return let me put you down here what's
to my jump off and now return at two
minutes past 11:00 that's a bloomin long
old day oh all right I am probably just
going to end the vlog now down here
because absolute Nacogdoches wanna go
upstairs chill with Zoe and grab some
sleep so I hope you even this has been
such a mismatch of a blog it's been all
over the place we featured a little bit
as you've seen I'm sure you guys watched
yesterday if you're from the UK oh no I
can't show you what this room is yet I
should reverse out here that's bizarre e
to show you then we turn the lights on
in here
turned on there we go yeah so I hope you
enjoyed watching the show if you did I
think your only pleasure in the UK so UK
people hope you enjoyed it obviously we
weren't on the show much at all it was
literally just like they invited us
along to pop up and down in the
background a couple of times and just
like mess about with you lot so that the
average viewer watching would have no
clue what is going they wouldn't realize
that it's us of course because they
wouldn't know who we are but you guys
watching would see us pop up and down a
couple of times throughout the show and
they'd just be a bit of fun so I hope
you enjoyed that if you saw it and yeah
that's about it give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it tomorrow we're
going to take a chilled one which is
going to relax go on a dog walk go out
for breakfast maybe go out for lunch as
well I think within weekend we're
definitely going up for breakfast and I
think we're going out for a hot
chocolate as well on the dog walk so
I'll catch you tomorrow again I hope
you've enjoyed the video thank you so
much for the support in yesterday's
video I love you so much
give the video bigger thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I'm going to crash and go
sleep
I'll catch you tomorrow good night when
he gets back from a long day of a pause
what is it doing
