good morning guys I am running to catch
this train I've already missed one train
today and I'm not going to miss another
one he's just here but I want to run to
the front you guys know that the front
seats the best seats I'm off to London
I've told you the end of yesterday's
blog whoa I think I made it let's hope
there's a seat can you go to that
rainbow
ah combine the tree is such a cool
rainbow just going across there
I know I said a lot but oh my gosh I'm
so jealous of you watching this video
that you don't have to come on the
journeys with me because that train was
so long it's 20 minutes late in so just
been on the turf like now and a half a
view that was like 20 seconds or
something so jealous right that's jump
now all ultimate vlogging shot their
weight limit our temper to go that way
no not that right did you cheese guys
the people at Victoria have no idea what
they're doing so earlier on I asked the
guy what to get do I buy what the ticket
told me it was the wrong ticket I then
get here just had to pay an extra seven
pounds 40 which is finer than we're
doing now time just rushed for time
because my train was late pay the extra
money seven pound 60 put it in the
machine the wrong ticket again he
literally goes you've got the wrong
ticket and I just said I just bought
another tick off the woman I just made
seven pounds 16 his eye I don't know
what to do just go through what
I bought a ticket that I got told to buy
it was the wrong one what another one
that the woman sold me literally a
minute ago it again was the wrong one
and the guys I don't know what I'm doing
you just go throat preliminary absolute
mess right I'm about to jump in a car
now hopefully it's going to be waiting
here for me next I love you so hopefully
I'm going to jump in this car now go see
Marcus grab some food and then we're
filming this exciting project I've also
got my braces in if you're wondering why
I sound a little bit lispy it's because
I got my braces thank you so much thank
you
finally after wait is your address on
here okay addresses on there after
doctor waiting so long in the train
buying 700 tickets I've arrived with
Marcus at majora
how you doing that good we've just had
the most delicious chicken sandwich got
soda my chicken sandwich from this place
let me show you can I show you the place
yeah fun longer fun well gal farm girl
lovely chicken sandwiches we're rushing
off because we've got a car waiting
outside I believe you've been here for
like 10 minutes and now Russia not
forgiven got a car waiting outside
I don't know still if I'm allowed to
film what's happening today I will try
my best
if not just get excited so I think
always come in something what's
happening I would do everything I can if
I can't film today what we gonna do mom
guess what have you noticed
oh I certainly cooked dinner profit Dave
I own that so if we can't if I can't
they devote what we're about to do
Marcus is gonna cook me dinner you've
got a coat yeah I'm gonna just no no mom
be done I'm waiting then drop guys I
wasn't allowed to film anything today
anything at all for you I am honestly
I'm so sorry
I think I'm either not I hate being the
youtuber I hate it and I know I quite
often am so don't tell me I am because I
already know I am but I hate being the
youtuber that says I've got something so
exciting today but I can't tell you what
but sadly today
I am that guy on that youtuber and I'm
very sorry
however we are still doing the exciting
thing tomorrow is happening for the next
hopefully a few weeks and I will be able
to film tomorrow so one a few airing why
have you got on is that your like beauty
regime at night when he gets back from a
long day of a pause what is it doing so
I owe you
we need to catch up on the vlog because
they you'll probably like one or two
minutes into the video and for me what's
the time that 8 o'clock is 8 o'clock is
it it's 8 o'clock and Eve now usually
soluble thing no shut up I've been good
recently don't say that
this is Marx's place by the way
everybody I haven't been here 7 today
look his artwork he thinks he's in like
like a massage temple yeah did you paint
that I do like I like how its split over
two and not one canvas identify it like
so and it was like the crease down the
face it looks like like it's paint yeah
it just got much printed but they don't
need to know it well it's real pain
that's real pain done by Marx Butler
good of themselves also one of my
favorite things guys cheeky little wine
cooler hiding away look at that it's not
in the kitchen it's hiding down there
look at that
it's sneaky little one I love you oh yes
101 secret facts and bust about the
stars rising musical and I sure do like
High School Musical you know yes boy oh
no I didn't know you got bloom in Nara
oh yeah I brought Nala him earlier flew
about that but no one upstairs trim when
you nearly got a dog anyway Marcus
nearly got a dog at one point guys so at
first only cat you should get a cat here
you should get a British Shorthair I
know I know I all
Caroline Marx is obsessed with this one
kind of cap was is isn't it what proper
Provost Frank I've got no burner yeah
and they're the ones that look like
leopards whoever oh you want a one like
that
your burn on family cat yeah I thought
who is it who I know what he wants one
of the ones I print best Frank tell me
you don't want that in your life
wait let me show you them there so that
looks just like a teddy they have blue
eyes that's what I want in my life
can I buy you one would you be annoyed
if I bought you one whoa I wouldn't be
annoyed because I'd be like sick I've
got the cat that one but then I'm like I
look at as much commitment as dogs so
I'm not cats on my life my family house
and go carry off my government I George
I'm sorry what I said cats you can just
leave like Len but they do their own
thing like their structures and you've
got a cheeky little balcony do you can
get away come up out there do that I'm
gonna buy you give the video a thumbs up
if you think I should buy Marcus a cat
further above it how much are they
expensive I bet their mother Lily
excited
I don't know fine you get them in cool
colors that's the color on the white one
yeah okay so you don't look at that
looks you don't like a purple one
honestly the cutest I'm seriously gonna
get you on can actually get you oh why
not you allowed one was your land will
let you yeah all right sick woman fool
again again Marcus again guys forgetting
a cat yeah would it be cool
Bernie Bernie Bernie Bernie the Bevin
wait is it a boy or girl what do you
want boy you do want a boy yet make the
testicles of chocolate see for me Jethro
is there your mailbag our chopped Esther
horny little bugs are nenek around are
they yeah what cats are ya they have my
cat wasn't a warning I was it cool
spayed there that's the girls girls get
spayed you did but dinners arrived at
Marcus says this is going to be the best
chicken I've ever had in my life yeah no
pressure bro I promise you it doesn't
look good all right
but whose is whose lovely I have no
idea what he's ordered all right we've
got chicken
we got more chicken we've got rice and
coleslaw I've got sweet potato fries
this looks good man I'm excited
literally just smashed it guys I'm gonna
die I'm so full up that chicken was
amazing
walk was right I just want to sleep
it is time it's time to head home it's
time to at home it's been good seeing
you man I'll catch you tomorrow morning
there's nobody I meet Marcus back up
whatever the secret project is tomorrow
half a lemon that's all come on lemon
exciting exciting all right guys I am
finally back home after the longest day
in the world the time is currently 11 19
and I'm absolutely knackered I'm so
sorry that this vlog hasn't ended up as
good and productive as I wanted it to be
I assure you I wanted to film what was
going on today so bad but I just wasn't
allowed and I am allowed to film it
tomorrow so tomorrow's vlog is crazy
crazy crazy exciting and I know you guys
are going to love it it's got some very
very famous faces probably gonna be in
it it's got some people that you all
know you all love I can't give away too
much but it's going to be cool
it's going to be something like you've
never seen before and you're going to be
able to get see behind the scenes on how
it works and yeah I don't even buy too
much because I know I just get in
trouble so I hope you and did enjoy what
you did see the vlog Malfi hanging out
also Tommy I'm gonna buy Marcus a cat
now he wants to he wants a cat but he
just doesn't have the guts to learn by
one so I'm gonna buy him one he wants is
at Berman that's a Berman cat so I'm
gonna buy him one
in it Burmese maybe it's Burmese
hopefully I need to find out because I'm
gonna buy him the wrong cat I'm actually
gonna buy him one diets let me know in
the comments whether I should buy Marcus
a cap I think he's like very mature
he's very soon as they sophisticated uh
small though I went he has good response
me no he doesn't know I said to him
broken your guts he said yeah for sure
he's got balcony no no I'm gonna buy my
cat everybody gonna buy Marcus Butler
and cat I will catch you tomorrow super
early I'm getting picked up from here at
9:30 to head back to London and yeah
I'll catch you then hope you enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you did
I'll see you tomorrow
in the morning good night do not like
that I just bear
