good morning everybody
give morning guys how you doin another
how are you today you can say hello
you're definitely not are you you're too
excited to eat you eat so fast it's
ridiculous not gonna get anything out
her degree she is all this morning
anyway
it's currently five minutes past eight
which is a big lion because I mean I
trying to wake up every morning at 7:30
and both have that looks good banana
strawberries and spinach
that one is Kiwi banana give me an
orange I mean so we're both trying to
wake up every single day at 7:30 and
have a smoothie straight away so I've
gotten up is are we still in bed now and
if I found my hair is just up so we've
got one coming for you okay
there is no long there is no gonna be
awake there we go
although now I just look like a bald egg
Noah and Emily care need to make these
smoothies on the weekends we took the
time to plan our breakfast every single
day this week what we're having at the
time we're waking up what days we
working out and everything like that we
want to try and get our lives in more of
a schedule you know that's looking good
look at that alright here we go we've
got strawberries and bananas and stuff
then we've got pineapple and Kiwi and
stuff that's my store there's very straw
it's like yeah I like this one
hmmm very pineappley I'm going to finish
up over this movies we've got one of
each gonna drink them up whilst watching
a bit of TV and then I'm going to jump
in the shower and get ready and I'll
catch you in or I've got a meeting in an
hour and a half at a new gym basically I
found a gym that is like tiny and it
just worked like one or two people can
work out at once now so this is amazing
because that I can just go there and I
can vlog in the gym and I won't be like
why
I'm filming on people that don't want to
be in short and stuff so I've got a
meeting at the gym this new one at 10
o'clock I absolutely hate town when it's
busy today is a day of signing we've got
a big old box down here
we're going to cut it open with a fork
because I mean that's the sensible thing
to do
oh let me know that worked really well
we've got cardboard boxes oh no it
didn't work so well cut the box damn it
they're tiny only tiny one jeez
okay oh that's gonna be fun people are
gonna think I'm getting shot people
looking to think I'm shooting someone in
here
I should better not do that right so
I've got 10 copper boxes here for these
so basically what these are are pieces
of paper that are going to be stuck
inside my new book now I don't know it
what like I'm being honest with you guys
I don't know how this is going to work
but all I know is that thousands of you
and there's literally thousands there's
like a box here full of them and all of
these here and a load at home there are
thousands of them the signature is going
to be like cut out somehow I don't know
and then stuck in copies that of my new
book that are pre-ordered so if you
order like a copy of my new book then
you might get a signed one I don't know
how it works I'll learn if they're
specific websites or whether you just
order on Amazon and you just might get
signed want to think that's how it is
but I have no idea and all I know is if
you preorder the book then there's a
chance of you somehow getting a signed
one which is cool I'll let you know how
more alight in a couple of days daily
vlogs I will try and find out for you so
at the moment I'm literally just sitting
here signing and I've changed my
signature so so if you're wondering why
I'm signing Pb instead of pointlessblog
because normally i pointlessblog heart
and then a kiss the reason I changed it
to signing PV is number one because I
got a new logo
and that I got made which is like a
little peepee in a circle it's really
really cool I love it the thing with my
signature like some people sound like
Joe or zoella which is like nice and
short or Marcus and some like that me
signing pointlessblog takes so long
which just means that I get to sign less
copies if that makes sense so when I
meet you at book signings I can't meet
as many of you as other youtubers quite
often because it takes so long for me to
sign each of you are like each of your
books and it's annoying but I wanted to
sign pointlessblog books that's my
youtube name and that's what I love
doing but when it comes to signing tons
of things at one go I want as many of
you to have a signed copy of the book as
possible
I would rather sign like two or three
thousand books that say PV but you still
I've signed them all myself is exactly
the same it just says PB you are for the
points blog rather than only sign like
one thousand pointlessblog books because
then less of you get a signed copy so I
hope that's okay with you I've changed
my little signature for you guys from
pointlessblog to PB so that I can please
hopefully please anyway more of you and
I've got some blooming thick old
sharpies I didn't even know sharpies
like this existed they're so industrial
and I've just been sitting here signing
so many putting them here and then I
need to put them from here into these
cardboard boxes and then send them off
to the place where my books are I don't
even know where it is I need to look at
my emails send them off to the place
where my books are and then somebody's
going to like cut it all out and stick
it in the book so that obviously I'm
only signing a piece of paper they get
stuck in the book because if I was to
actually sign thousands of books it
would take up this a whole room imagine
if I literally have thousands of books
here so that's not when you're when
you're pre signing books that's not how
it's done what you do is you pre sign a
page they get stuck into the book yeah
so so exciting like it's so crazy that
all of these here these this could be
you this could be you getting a signed
version of the book just here all these
thousands of them and I've got so many
more to do like this here oh my gosh
that's just 400
this looks like I've got a lot of money
look at much cash of God
no it's pages of my book but yeah so I'm
just signing as many as I possibly can
because I just want I want more of you
guys if you have to get a signed copy
rather than an unsigned copy that's the
aim see ya that's yes what are you
saying four years or so over here I've
just edited and uploaded the daily vlog
as well I'm so happy with it it was the
first run back on super-nervous for it
to go live because I haven't uploaded it
goes it's finished processing in 8
minutes so in a few hours the vlog is
going to be going live and I'm just so
nervous for you guys to see it I feel
like I'm starting running for the first
time again why bling that face oh well I
like talking that's why I vlog of course
I never shut up why should we go take
some pictures should we go get some
instruments I've been slacking on
Instagram recently guys I haven't
uploaded an Instagram a good one in like
a couple of weeks like a couple of weeks
now I'm so bad and so that's a probably
not going to go out I'm going to go take
some pictures it is a love Li day let me
try and show you what the weather's like
look at that sky absolutely beautiful I
love the look at this jumper I quite
like that jacket as well
I want to go shop in right heading down
to the beach everybody we have just
bought some little juices from 40 to
juice very healthy very nice in fact I
didn't get juice that's a lie did you
even get a juice
my gosh look at this doggy Hey when such
cute look jump em I went for a almond
milk why do they spell milk like that my
elk a cold brew coffee I don't if it's
too late to drink coffee
it's like quarter to four I feel like I
might just get really hyper
guys guys can you persuade sorry to let
me get another Vespa that love it
look at this the weather is so nice
that's all done on the beer we're
getting on the pier for a bit
I've got a call on skype like a meeting
and I think Islands with my watch you
don't have it on that's embarrassing in
about 20 minutes half an hour and so
we're going to go I'm gonna go get some
donuts we're not really
we just got healthy drinks no don't no
don't
I dare you get I love your tall no way
that's so sick I love it you havin a
nice day oh happy birthday to Brian and
Tommy yeah and we met lovely and you're
all right we didn't get to go to the
pier in the end guys we literally walked
about 5 meters in 20 minutes there was
so many of you on like the promenade
part there would be
just stop the pictures again and again
and again lows each like mold that was
crazy wasn't that yeah everyone was from
different places as ly literate and I
just had like having Jack about 40
pitches maybe more and I was just
chatting to you guys for so long so
thank you for coming up as n hello I
love that kind of thing it meant I
didn't get to go to the pier but it is
better chat to you guys been going to
the pier anyway yeah so now got her back
and captured this meeting I'm running so
late from the meeting oh my gosh guys
they're already on skype and I'm still
on the beach more or less oh my gosh I
got so far to run come on come on come
on no don't stop me close no oh my gosh
close come on yo
right I need a head off guys I just
finished my meeting went incredibly well
incredibly well incredibly what I did I
I'm in a weird mood I think the coffee
has just kicked in right not now which
is good because I'm off home
oh let's go and finish my sandwich Maria
I've got half my lunch left and I'm off
home now because papi Zoey and I are
about to film a much requested video
from you shall I tell you what it is I
feel like I should I'm in such a good
mood right now and my blog is just gone
live and you guys are showing it so much
love as always so thank you so much I
was so nervous it's my first blog back
since having a few days off and I just
didn't know what to expect I didn't if
any of you guys would care about my
videos anymore
my little vlog things but you do and you
showing it so much lovin of you're
smashing the comments and smashing the
thumbs up button and tweeting me saying
you're glad I'm back and it makes me
feel so loved so thank you so much for
all the support as always anyways I
better tell you about this video so as
you guys know I did a video where two
videos of that on Zoey's main channel
one of them was called best friend
versus boyfriend and it was me versus
Louie's sprinkle glitter seeing who
knows Zoey better and she beat me damn
it
vid embarrass ed and then recently Zoey
and Joe and I filmed a part two which
was boyfriend vs. brother and I can't
remember who actually won like a
genuinely contramar I think Joe beat me
but I cannot remember but you guys went
nuts for the video it got over dick this
amount of Uslan so his channel and it
was just funny seeing who knew Zoey
better her own brother or her boyfriend
and the last video has resulted in so
many comments from you guys on these
daily vlogs asking me and then they've
got hundreds of thumbs up on each
comment to do a girlfriend vs. sister on
my youtube channel so I had a chat with
Zoey and poppy and I wanted to see if
they were up for it and they both love
the idea so I've come up with 10 I think
it's ten questions that I'm going to ask
both of them
and we're going to see who knows me
better so II or papi it's going to be
fun it's going to be going up on Sunday
so I hope you're excited for it but
anyways I'm glad the coffee is kicking
in now because I'm about to hit home and
we're going to film the video I'm so
excited I'm going to take my new
microphone with me my fluffy mic oh do
you know what I could do I could get a
little tripod for that put it on there
so I'm back home we are about to shoot
this video got the camera set up here
we've got mrs. zoella here we've got my
new black chalkboard that I thought were
whiteboards that are actually
whiteboards we've got somebody white
wood but it's black it is a black board
I was like yeah black black woods
chalkboard so I bought the Hmong pens
but don't worry it's still going to work
we've got little sleepy doggy here and
then we've got pop in there doing her
face or something I'm not quite sure
Missy that's where I need to sit all
right
just finished filming the video how did
it go really good how did it go
you know farm scherzer I just finished
how is your driving lesson how is your
driving lesson
yeah I won your what you just on your
drive velocity just right
I won't you've won and I won here's your
f1 Lewis how much and driving
certificate you win you just you win
like popular guys made your drink
Troy yeah sorry snapchat
do not like that I just bear so when I
was in playlist live like you got just
Leonor cat do not like yet Oh
when I was at playlist live Joey
Graceffa introduced me to patron like
tequila and I absolutely loved it
I've never tried electronic water though
I've just tried it in like having a shot
if I was out partying so good this one
this one
that's the gin one object yeah mr. Jin's
good so tasty gin and tonic a try patron
and tonic what are these two doing hey
oh is it good no is it good almost nicer
than the jeans is it maybe it's cuz I
just answer to that faster that's good
right good boy that's so good
my girl Peter Peter Peter Peter we have
that is my one we have cooked every
night recently guys but we just thought
since probably shorter my back I need to
get some healthy beep says it's kind of
healthy pitcher pitcher pitcher
stupid three beautiful hi everyone
team team Jack Del Mar these days are in
love try me have a drink a drink
a porter a porter alcoholic drink this
one - there he thinks Rita why the
people yes
and it Bharani a brother Jeremy pepper
Graeme well Cheers
holidays just go change more just Leslie
relate their way from peed in it is
taking multi-port can we do not bet
come on the Missy she put you to bed
yeah come on stop pretending you're
asleep it's time for you to go to bed is
net just putting on it's bet probably in
Sean have gone home asleep little one
aren't you
alright you've got your water if you
need in the night trying to go to bed
there's a nice tree I see in the morning
limit maybe alright it's time for us to
go to bed
thank you so much for all fort
although bloomin up and won't see
anything Zoe where are you alright I
hope you've enjoyed the video today guys
thank you so much again for all the
support on the video that went up to day
for me or yesterday for you has been so
overwhelming and yeah just thank you so
much as always I'm going to end the vlog
here hope you have a lovely evening
whatever time whatever day it is
wherever you are in the world
I'll catch you - I keep saying positive
I don't know what else I love you give
the video a thumbs if you enjoyed it as
well give the video a thumbs for you're
excited for my new main Channel video
with poppy and Zoe on Sunday I'll catch
you tomorrow good oh I've got a really
exciting day tomorrow I'm in London with
Marcus I don't know if I'm allowed to
tell you what I'm doing I've no idea
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
yeah
