the slowest started today the only thing
we've done so far is go to breakfast
with some friends that we didn't realize
we're staying here yesterday we were on
Instagram and two of our friends were
tagging that they're in the same hotel
as us so we DM them like what you guys
here and they're like yeah we're staying
here were like okay let's go for
breakfast tomorrow morning so we just
met up and went to breakfast with them I
didn't film any of that also she
probably say good morning good morning
guys how you doing
currently we're all packed up today's
our today's our last day here in
Amsterdam which I'm super sad about it's
also incredibly gray we've had the most
beautiful blue skies sunny days were so
lucky whilst we were here but it's quite
great today which I'm fine about it's
our last day and yesterday I bought a
coat if you saw yesterday's vlog if you
didn't see yesterday's video then you'll
not know that I got a tattoo yesterday
on my hand on my hand my arm I've got a
little tattoo yesterday my first time
it's kind of just hit me that is off
with YouTube Yuri yeah I don't know
already it's great I feel like the year
has only just begun and one thing that
I've been saying that I'm gonna be doing
this year and that I've spoken about
remember at the beginning of the year I
released a video we're talking about
what I'm going to be getting up to this
year one of them was the new office and
the new company that is happening we
move into the office literally in like
less than two weeks now that's super
exciting one of the other things are
splittin we're gonna do a lot about this
charity which was still working away
super hard on we also did the brenda's
cottage project in these vlogs and we've
raised some like four thousand pounds
for charity which is insane as well as a
ton of awareness and you guys really got
involved with that so charity aspects
going incredibly good and then lastly or
not lastly it's not in priority order
but another thing is relaunching my
pointlessblog channel my game
channel and starting the podcast now
these are three things that are
definitely 100 and happenin and I just
wanted to talk about because I feel like
because I haven't wore this chair feels
like it's gonna break
I should not stand on it because these
three things haven't launched and gone
public yet I feel like it may seem that
I that I'm not doing what I said
one minute add it hey there ya know the
channel is coming soon yeah it's coming
back
so let's just bring it soon if my main
channels coming back it's gonna be my
number one priority once I get back from
this trip is content putting all of my
time into getting some people walking
boss looking into of him getting my
content back oh not even back just
bigger and better than what it ever was
before and that really really is gonna
be my priority I just wanted to bring it
up because I'm still working away on it
and I'm like ready to start recording
both my main channel the podcast for
sure like um I think that's the thing
that I'm most excited for is the podcast
or there's now a little boat going past
on the canal let me just wave us people
see if anyone waves back no no I was
waving back
hey because the podcast is new fresh and
not something I've done before
I'm just so bloody excited and I listen
to so many as over there every night and
listen to podcasts business strategy
startup company podcasts and stuff like
that but I don't know there's something
about audio and I think that's why I
like these blogs because I'm just I like
to just chat and talk anyways I don't
want to turn this out
just wanting to sort the robe off by
saying that those three things are
definitely happening as soon as I get
out them here that's gonna be number one
priority is again those three going
though it's gonna be taking an Instagram
or some no pictures that we took yeah
you don't really have any plans for
today other than to fly home and see our
doggie and so I kept it nah well there's
been so many cute dogs here that we've
seen mainly French bulldogs actually
then I'm like I want my dog I need a
hair I wonder if we could fly back next
time and bring Nala we flew over with BA
and we're flying back tonight would be a
I don't know ever they allow pets on
flights like me she's only tiny she
could sit on my lap hold and the flight
is only like 55 minutes she could
definitely just show my lap the whole
time anyway
then I just wanted to start the vlog off
good morning hope you're having a lovely
day whatever you're doing it someone's
at the door let's get the heck on me if
you're part of the LBW Club then like
before watching give the video a like
thanks so much we've basically paid so
that we can stay until 5:00 p.m. in the
room soft lights not till 7:00 tonight
and so somebody was just coming to see
what we've left or not but I like oh no
paint a little bit extra so we can stay
later let's just carry on with the blog
all packed up all ready to go
in fact my stuff is literally by the
door I'm that packed up I've got my case
waiting out here look I'm ready
look at that although it's really rainy
the lighting is incredible for you can
Bucky come on I got the keys
quick-quick
we've come into this cool clothes shop
committee that is really nice grab it in
Excel just casually walking through
Amsterdam Jaime himself for lunch were
coming back here this isn't like a cafe
spot for lunch this is kind of like a
Whole Foods oh this is so slippery but
we love it the food is so good
little sushi parts
that you know sometimes you get tasters
in shops these are testers for an apple
surely everyone knows what an apple
tastes like Zoe's worried that her her
cake she just bought it's gonna have
weed or hasha debt baked Instagram baked
in Amsterdam I don't think my guests do
that kind of stuff I think it's more
just what is it gold is it coffee shops
or coffee shop coffee shop does weed and
coffee house no coffee house does weed
coffee shop does weed copy house doesn't
I don't even know yeah
oh she's eat today she's risking it it's
from this supermarket every fine come
into a cheese shop to try and find mom
and dad some cheese truffle truffle
could be the one garlic and herb what
kind of cheese is this one this one is
coconut touches
wow that's good these are quite cool but
these look cool you know I said this
morning went for breakfast with our
friends Anna Orson and his mother pucker
online was saying because she lived here
for five years she was saying the
parking is crazy here because when you
park there's no barrier see if you like
imagine just possibly driving license
you're in the river like that is madness
if on it I mean I know there's quite a
big gap here but some of them it's
smaller if you miss it if this car
reverse a bit too much wash straight in
the river that's not what you want when
you park in to end up in a river are you
ready for our snacks healthy not so
healthy not so healthy not so healthy
not so healthy not so healthy not so
healthy not so healthy
definitely not so healthy
definitely not so healthy not so healthy
healthy basically everything to not eat
now to have back home is not healthy all
these chocolate bars that we can't get
back at home they're amazing
oh I did two of the honeycomb yeah
little sneaky snake it I'm so tired
just walking around in the cold makes me
tired yeah I need another coffee and I
need to edit my vlog I'm gonna edit need
to edit my vlog to go up tonight yeah
mic room service a coffee maybe room
service some vegetables as well clean
the side of bench cuz I got lemon tattoo
that's so weird
this is gonna be on me for the rest of
my life isn't that weird
there's only just hit me why why why is
that weird why it's time for us to leave
check that we haven't left anything at
all in the bathroom underneath the bed
no have you Chetan your bedside table
I'm currently in there but on the way
there's been mad traffic and our
estimated time of arrival was 541
check-in stops at 555 yeah and obviously
we've got bags to drop off so we've got
14 minutes
we're delayed any more than 14 minutes
then what we do move our bags
because we've got we've already checked
in and we've got like speedy goes
through security so it takes like two
minutes for us to get into like to get
to where the plane is or not two minutes
but it's about ten minutes for us to go
through security were already checked in
and everything but it's just purely
dropping off our bags is like we're put
in that glass is very tight this place
has no signs of where any of the
airlines is most it just is like BCD and
all suffer this but it doesn't say like
British Airways or tooie or easy jet or
so real it's you're running around
asking everyone everyone's telling us
different things and anyways we made it
yeah we can
one minute let me toss information where
we're going oh that's good no one there
thank you hey we made it
a flight left 10 minutes late
sir ten to seven rather than 20 to 7 and
then we landed or 655 and then we landed
at 10 to 7 so we literally landed the
same time and obviously if clock goes
back and it's a 50-minute flight there's
no way yeah the same time that we took
off yes their hostess was lovely and she
said that her son I'm her son's Idol and
his name is something like legend x87 or
something on YouTube or Twitter so big
hi to him
your mom's a legend just need to grab
our luggage and then we're off of to go
get our doggie for my parents or maybe
my sisters I'm not sure whether they're
at Poppy's or whether they're at mom and
dad's - the first one out that is what
I'm talking about
I'm just having to vlog literally the
floor or actually my hoodie because I
can't show you obviously we're popping
Sean left but we're just walking in now
nobody knows that I've got a tattoo mom
and dad don't have a clue about me
having a tattoo
my father's literally I don't know if
she's gonna be like that cool or that's
fake I don't believe you or she's gonna
cry I've got a hoodie on as well so they
won't be able to see you until I take it
off I have no idea what her reactions
gonna be that excited for me
fuzzy boy they both care about me so
much cheese guys they just care about me
so much
come here buddy buddy commissary loan
Sean's asking if I got a watch or a
today no I didn't maybe get the same
watches before it's flooded don't lick
it
let's go read it up
let's go eat dinner I didn't get a new
watch what you mean you told me forever
of course it is what does he say why
we're home we're home we got both the
little doggies both the little stink
heads reverse mum and dad off off
tonight to stay to stay in London so
we've got mr. stinky Rover with us today
that was so funny when I got there I
don't know because I didn't really blog
too much and I didn't explain what was
going on we basically went over there
and got a delivery and those guys all
had to take away basically poppy and
Sean probably and Sean are going away
term more I want no not tomorrow Monday
I don't know they're going away sometime
soon over the next couple of days
they're off to New Zealand for I think
it's either ten days or two weeks do
like a crazy cool trip they're gonna be
doing tons of instagrams and vlogging in
everything so make sure that you're
following poppy ensure my sister and her
boyfriend they're gonna be doing some
crew like they've got unbelievable plans
like the goal one of the things they're
do at you know I'm not gonna say I'm not
gonna say but one thing in particular
that they're doing is something they're
Zoe and I want to do so bad it's not
like a bucket list things to do in life
they're doing one of them so we went
over there tonight not only to pick up
the dogs but also to say goodbye to
those guys however we just realized that
we are seeing them tomorrow morning at 9
o'clock so we kind of went over to say
goodbye say goodbye them well wait
aren't we seeing you tomorrow morning 9
o'clock that wasn't really anyways
that's what happened but once we were
there
Sean was like did you get a new watch
because Amsterdam is awesome for
secondhand vintage watches that there's
a couple of really good shops and if you
know me you know that I like my watches
I have a couple of collectible pieces
but I didn't end up get I nearly did I
nearly got a new watch whilst I was
there there was this vintage secondhand
1955 watch this Rolex that I wanted and
it was really cool I was gonna start
bargaining the price and I hang and then
I was like now and don't need this in my
life
got the new company so much more
important things to be spending money on
and doing higher in terms of people
join the team at the moment and stuff so
all of that comes over me buy myself a
new vintage watch however the other
thing that I said that I might do whilst
I was there was obviously get a tattoo
and then they just and they said to me
did you get a tattoo and I said no I
haven't got a watch I probably said what
you mean what about tattoo as I told you
how to didn't buy watch was there and
there she was grabbing my arms checking
everything that she saw that she was
like and their mom they do get cold they
were cheered they all like the tattoo my
talk I spoke to them about the meaning
and everything they really liked it
they just seemed really children of it
all that seemed cool about it and need
to open Zoe's case because I couldn't
hit my wash bag in mine so I had to put
it in hers that's the only really
priority for tonight for me is to get my
wash bag get her phone charger for that
and now now we can go up to bed here
today it's been a long day today's been
a good day where the dog is coming down
oh this is dead dog
that's quite inside actually
bedroom because we've got brand-new
sheets and I don't want them to be on
the bed we've got nice machines here's
your phone charger for you
I let them in here I'm going in we've
got fresh new white sheets on our bed
and the last thing we want is to stinky
little pugs with their hair coming off
damn it's hot in here or you even put
like the candle or to put the diffuser
on to do that you having a bath so I
bought this the other day and it is so
good tell you what you got to do
peppermint and eucalyptus I'm gonna put
it in okay I get the crap job this looks
like one of the things not that I've
ever done it but I imagine this is like
one of the things that when you go to
the doctors and I say can you piss in a
cup we need to check your way is it not
that big how do you wee less than that
if a doctor gave me thing to win I don't
think I could be any less once I start I
just can't stop I can get us do that
boys can't do that right I mean anyways
I'm sure codifies the doctors you know
that smells so good already and hasn't
even started doing this thing oh yeah
look at it do you even vape though
