the train leaves in 28 minutes just
smashing up on a stereo fast just before
they've put in the new Christmas match
out this is the perfect spot there we go
all right as you walk in just finally
really quick Jim update I've ordered
some gym floor yesterday I've ordered
some gym floor thank you so much
thank you do you notice how I didn't say
thank you so much
you said I said thank you if you haven't
superblocks recently you're gonna have
no idea what your car so I'm just on the
way to my first meeting today which is
with happiness just super exciting but
we're just walking there now looks out
here who remembers just there on the
right hand side was the sug life PB
collaboration the pop-up shop literally
was just there good times those
Christmas decorations looked sick going
through some clothes at the moment
picking out some items check this that
is crazy
these are all the shoes were taken with
us are they saying that these are for
Zoey these ones are for Zoey for me for
me for me me me meet me yeah
just going into my second meter which is
with Apple another excited meeting
I have about an hour one enough I have
50 minutes until my next meeting so I'm
trying to edit the bloggers costs and
account I've just come into a coffee
shop restaurant context go from a
meeting to editing my vlog in that
restaurant just then now go into the
Apple Store to go and use their Wi-Fi to
upload all good Hey look how festive
this is I don't know why there's a
parrot that is not Christmassy at all
everyone's getting the instagrams get
the Instagram boy get that TV show boy
get that topknot boy off to the last
meeting this has got like little holes
in it and everything my vlog is out my
vlog is often scheduled and it's not
going to be late it's gonna be on
perfect time
yeah but that last meeting was crazy
it's so so cool so much exciting stuff
to be working on in the future
I've just jumped on the train heading
back home at you know not even home
outfit and straight to the car to meet
Zoe
Joe Katie pics well going up to a
concert tonight gone Zoe you got that
you got that Park in go on if you need
any help just look at Joe's mustache it
will help you out so yeah Ron Katie over
as well that will help kind you got this
this looks incredible this is my
favorite another ham
can you explain what we're doing tonight
against defensive stats see what these
like six months ago but we just realized
that we've got enough time we've got
we've arrived early to come up with in
the first I'm so cold
we're walk-in now we're a couple minutes
away
I feel like steps have already started
oh yeah better best but got it I have no
idea what you're singing
I think I've realized that I'm too young
for steps I think they were like my
sisters age wait well I only like to be
like that that's why there's all of you
on my sister I don't like I don't like
Zoey she's playing them through all the
speakers in the house today when I was
getting ready this morning oh how they
sounded that is exactly that's the only
one I know of their songs no we're
missing it
Thanks
oh this right it's right
Hey
I need to put this down something
serious has just happened around Jo just
stood in dog no not in dog poo not in
Nala paid in bird poo that Jo has just
told me to close my eyes and open them
for all I can't believe you've done this
look what Joe drove here an Audi r8 this
is my dream car this is the car that
I've been telling you guys in the vlogs
for so many years that I won the 2017
model as well this is the guy that yo
this is the goal one day guys one day
he's gone from an alright just taking my
dog out to dirt poo come on hurry up
I know I said it in the vlog the other
day but these lights looks so sick we
had somebody come to our house the day
before yesterday I want to say and
decorate the whole of the outside of the
house the office next door all of the
back garden everything with lights like
a proper team of people it's so sick oh
the little bushes like here all of the
guttering all rounded that bit the
garden coming in it's going to get a
tree well enjoy our enjoy the car I'm
jealous
boy
farewell till later so and I used to
play a game and then if you remember
back in the old house let me put you
down if you don't remember this game
you're probably gonna think we're bloody
weird even though we are weird all right
so we got like this and we can either go
this way this way this way or this way
and you have to guess three two one well
just edit the other two out edit down
the job exactly first time lucky I think
he's still setting up his sat-nav tough
for me to do my teeth get into bed and
go to sleep
I am absolutely knackered I think just
traveling to London just takes out of me
I don't know how my dad commuted to
London every single neighbor like 10
years or whatever he did crazy
I feel literally it's so tired when I'm
commuting and I'm only talking about
commuting two days in a row I'm all
tucked up in bed it stumped in the vlog
what are you saying
don't say goodnight to everyone that
you're saying goodnight thank you so
much everyone is already given the video
a thumbs up if you haven't go down below
give it a thumbs up I know I told you in
yesterday's vlog but if you don't
already know there is 20% off of all of
my merchandise and three new Christmas
items so link it down below go check it
out be quick
get the discount by your grandma buy
your granddad buy a goldfish submerge
for Christmas and subscribe if you're
not already go down below hit the
subscribe button and I'll catch you in
the morning good night guys
