good morning guys how are you doing I
have not seen you in it what feels like
forever guys bloomin heck I've missed
you I've missed speaking to this little
camera I've had so many fun moments over
the last couple of days and I've just
gone to get my camera out and film and
realize that I'm not daily vlogging and
I've missed it so I'm glad to be back
I'm happy to back I'm ready to be back
I'm excited
vlogging is just such a big part of my
life like it's I feel like it's
literally just part of me like those who
I surround myself with just know that
it's part of me that's what I do I talk
to the camera I bring out my camera I
film my experiences and not doing that
for a couple of days just reminds me how
much I love doing that why I do that
I've missed the interaction with you
guys more than anything I love reading
all of your comments in my videos I miss
pressing upload in the evening I've miss
reading all of your comments I've missed
tweeting out my new videos I've miss
snapchat being a new video tonight it's
been strange but I'm back and I'm ready
to be back and I'm excited to be back
and the vlogs are getting me Goods of
course when I'm taking a break off of
YouTube for a couple of days a ton of
you get confused like I did it around
Valentine's Day not even not on purpose
I took a break on Saturday and half of
the Southie audience were like right
there breaking up oh my gosh this is the
worst thing ever
we didn't break up don't worry I'm still
in like still in those downstairs at the
moment and the other half of the
audience for like it's Valentine's Day
he's obviously proposing to her they
getting married so my mentions on
Twitter and Instagram every day are
going crazy with either that I'm
breaking up with Zoey I'm getting
married to Zoey like engaged with her
because I'm gonna propose or the naans
Alfie fans it's just like average viewer
of mine is like cool he's quit YouTube
he's just quit YouTube and he just won't
admit it so I've I've been tweeting like
no guys I'm not quitting YouTube I'm
coming back I'm doing this thing again I
love this thing this thing is my life
but I just taken a couple of
is break calm down and now I'm back and
I've proven to you that I'm back and Zoe
and I still together however we are not
engaged
that did not happen there was no
engagement that is going down anytime
soon so over the weekend Zoe and I have
just taken a couple of days out to just
like reschedule our lives shape
everything again
start from scratch and just make sure
that we're as like happy and productive
and just enjoying ourselves every single
day because it's when you're filming
YouTube videos it's hard because we love
what we do in so much it's hard and
especially I get so carried away just
making videos all day every day and then
it can be like two weeks have gone by
and I'm like Zoe
we haven't even a hung out like just us
without a camera
we haven't even hung out spent any time
together so it was important for us to
just take a couple of days break Zoe's
anxiety has also been quite bad recently
like really really quite bad so we just
wanted to take a couple of days to just
spend some time together relax talk
about her anxiety make some plans going
forward for how we're gonna try and help
deal with her anxiety so we've just
taken took a couple of days out and I
feel like we're starting afresh in the
last couple of days have been so good
we're now making dinner every evening
like not doing all the takeaway business
anymore because we used to get just tons
of takeaways we're getting up every
morning
what happened like juices let so it's
just maybe this juice the smallest she's
already drunk has with breakfast every
single morning we're getting up at 7:30
it is now bright and early there is no
more Lions okay maybe occasionally
occasionally unlike good specific days
but on an average day we're both sitting
on for 7:30 and getting up straight away
get a nyla up taking ala for a walk we
took Nala for a massive walk in the
countryside the other day I feel like
the last few days have just been good
very productive and have just helped us
shape our lives a bit more like we know
what we're doing each day downstairs you
know my old office downstairs by the
kitchen I'll show you in a minute you
know my old office downstairs by the
kitchen but
I started working in town that turned
into just like an attic so that was
literally like my storage ground I would
just get something don't know where to
put it like a bike or something like
that just put it in there and it was
just full of like things that I just
don't know where else to put in the
house and over the weekend we completely
went through that sorted everything out
and it is now like the most and actually
what what it's used for what the room is
I will let though II tell you whatever
them is used for you can ask her but we
sorted all of that out we've sorted all
our kitchen out cuz we had so much food
and stuff that we just won eaten in the
cupboards we've like taking them to food
shelters and yeah we've literally sorted
everything out like everything out the
only thing they left I have to do is I
have a piled one pile of clothes down
there that I need to just sort out and
put in the washing and stuff but other
than that it's time for me to take my
juices OE is even downstairs working out
she is doing Charlotte from geordie
shore is it the three minute bum blitz
DVD well as oh he's working out because
we've reshaped our lives that much over
the weekends they were getting up early
in the morning we're getting breakfast
in straightaway because I didn't used to
eat breakfast until I hop past 11:00 and
that's basically lunch and then I then
I'm having lunch at five and then end up
having dinner at half past 10:00 in the
evening and it was all mismatched so
let's jump up now I'm gonna try not to
film myself my boxers knowledge having a
little sleep on you baby you tired you
sleeping up there right I've just got my
my new yoga mat out I've never I've
never I drafted a warm up okay you do it
give me mom's complete guys always oh
he's doing the mumbling I don't ever
it's good or not I'm doing these
workouts why because what my bomb just
turns into like a peach a peachy
Charlotte says what my bomb which
attends massive and round I should
probably do weights wash you do that or
do it with weights
do not ever bubble be even bigger with
way
oh my gosh right and it's gonna get the
shower blooming at guys my mom is again
carly emptying the dishwasher and then
Zoe and I are gonna have some breakfast
or drunk our juices for today then we've
got a Skype meeting for an hour and a
half from half past ten until twelve
o'clock then I'm gonna head to my office
and then later on wait where do they go
later on we've got a special guest
coming over in fact actually I think
I've got I've got a friend coming to my
office as well I don't even know what's
gonna be happening today one of you guys
sent nyla this little pig or gave it to
me at a book signing and she sure might
let me get it she's obsessed let me see
that piggy let me see it let me see it
let me see let me see let me show them
so whoever oh it looks looks of a little
bit there we go
so what have you sent her this look at
her little face go on she literally
tastes it to bed with her and everything
don't you
was he a little baby piggy thank you so
much whoever gave it to her she loves it
I am about to leave the house I promise
you I am leaving I've said I'm gonna go
about sixteen thousand times but I 22
quickly show you before I jump in the
car look at Zoe spring tool collection
Roman and Bret if you guys are watching
you guys all know Roman about I went to
Penn State with them all I want to go
and stay with them a couple of months
ago in America at their house Britney is
a blast
Britney is obsessed with sprinkles so if
you're watching I just wanted to show
you his own spring collection because
you showed me yours and it was massive
it's getting there
has it's nearly the same as yours look
at all of these I think she is going to
do like a full video on her baking stuff
and she's in the process or buy more at
the moment anyways I need to jump in the
car I need to go I just thought I show
you that all and this arrived earlier
all of knowledge new little wolf box oh
I'll show you later I'm finally at
my office what the bloomin heck is my
friend Max doin look at him
so max has come over because I ease
never ever see my office before max is
the friend I walk alone where I play
golf with occasionally and Asami's he
doesn't like to do these these segue
things on his feet because he says he
can't bail out quick enough on them
sojourner on his knees this is what you
have to do hold s this is the best one
yeah yeah forget to try I can't go
well that makes you feel so dizzy man
I'm gonna bail oh my gosh I want like a
gun to be shooting you watch your
spinning like a nerf gun now you have to
run in a straight line right stop I've
barely logged anything today look at my
hair what is happening nothing why not
happen today we've just picked over
Nando's max is still here pop is now
here and look how much we just guys
we've got so much and there's just three
of us I am the worst daily vlogger in
the world I film like nothing today oh
my gosh right we're gonna make today
positive because the first day back is
still going to be a good video it is
like 8 o'clock in the evening I've just
got back from town now I had a
productive day at the office
let me balance you somewhere whilst I
get changed lighting Karen vlogging this
is a brand new camera and I'm balancing
you on my TV I probably shouldn't be
doing this anyway so I'm going to change
my trousers while chatting to you or
whatever some shorts on it's so hot in
this house I just got back from town now
and I met so many of you like it
absolutely but I was talking to one of
you I had to Nando's as well I was
talking to one of you for like ten
minutes in Nando's all about like how
crazy it is at how many people stopped
me in the street and asked me for photos
I can't remember her name but she said
she moved from somewhere in Spain down
to Brighton and she was studying at
University no she was studying at is it
bit of it is basically the music College
Brighton arts of music or something like
that right of music
and she was doing singing for a year and
then looking to go and do singing in
London for a third year afterwards and
the reason she moved on Brighton is
because she wanted to sing in and she
seemed - oh his videos and love the look
of Brighton I was chatting away to her
for a good 10 minutes or so and she was
saying it is so crazy
how you spend your life doing something
that you truly love so much and people
come up to you in the street and ask for
a picture and congratulate you and tell
you that they enjoy what you do and
that's my name of music that's what she
said obviously that's not mine I don't
wanna do music and I was like that's so
true like it absolutely blows my mind
and just what I was talking to her in
that like five minutes I probably had
about 25 people come up and stop me for
photos and it's it's just insane like
YouTube in the last like year or so
obviously don't get me wrong I know you
guys know this I know I say a lot but
has just gone crazy so I just wanted to
say such as I say thank you so much
because the support that you give me
when I'm walking on the streets the
amount of you that come up and ask for
pictures the amount of pictures that I
had today and I was in town for like
half an hour it was unbelievable and if
you do ever see me walking down the
street stop and say hello run up and tap
me on the shoulder
even if you're nervous I will try and
I'll try and have the best conversation
I can with you and just have a chat and
we can say hello and I can vlog with you
and stuff like that but anyways I just
wanted to take a moment to just say
thank you so much for everything that
you do day in day out whether that's
watching these videos and not commenting
whether that's commenting on this videos
whether that's like in these videos
whether that's tweeting me facebooking
me coming up to me in the street coming
to events where I'm merchants like
whatever you do thank you you're doing
something that is making me incredibly
happy and I hope that these little
videos make you a little bit happy let's
go down here and see what the others are
up to marks over at the moment they've
just filmed a video it's weird because I
know I didn't vlog I was gonna say
yesterday's you saw but you didn't see
cuz I wasn't blogging yesterday and he
started vlogging again today Zoe and I
lost and I went to Waitrose
and we were like eight marks coming over
let's cook nap shows and burritos
apparently like nachos and burritos
it's what sorry has told me and then
when Mark arrived today he had bought
over the ingredients and stuff to make
nachos so we're in fig in saying we're
in sync
we're actually trying to make it with
scratch I've never made guacamole before
and have never ever made like my own
salsa before I make no sound sir yeah
look clean the cupboards are you guys I
told you that we had like a refresh oh
look at that
can you not reach it going you got that
I hope yeah all right let me put this
down good are you good at perfect how's
your salsa going
sure I think it's quite watery Zuri's I
blended the sound quite a lot it's nice
though is it taste good this is Mark's
do you know why it's messed up because
this is Mark section you've taken over
let mark there I'm one chicken duty Zoe
was on guac and Sasha was look really
good and now it's always taken over from
mark and it literally looks disgusting
this is the most ridiculous nachos I've
ever seen
wow there's so many layers right beans
cheese and different flavored tortillas
all right
oh the food is here we started off we
were gonna have burritos but I kind of
realized that there's not actually much
chicken so I think we're gonna be
limited
thanks for the seasoning now are you
ready you excited
look at one of this it looks so good
get that snapchat never actually seen
this before James Corden Singham alright
we're finished eating all of the food
I'm dead from eating so much cheese
although I love cheese we were just
talking about sweets like old fashioned
sweets that we used to get back in
school and stuff how often were you
allowed sweets when you were younger
just my strict parents yeah I was
allowed to eat some Fridays school in
school wouldn't mean any school you got
sweets in school we're a three teacher
and we had marbles good girl every time
someone was well behaved a marble we're
this week ajar we are on a Friday week
yeah I was to longer than a Friday
oh maybe hood class was just naughty I
was till like a month to fill up
we were just talking about sweets that
we love and also I used to love
refreshes markers literally open one way
mark has literally got refreshes with
him here whatever whole box that's what
I mean like a whole box of all like oh
oh it's literally called retro sweet so
it's considered old-fashioned sweets
that's so funny there's a drum sticks
everything in there the little break
did you used to do oh my gosh did used
to do this survey I'm a huge amount of
pressure yet let me show you something
that we used to do in scope did you guys
do this don't do this opinion school
you'll get in a lot of trouble you're
honestly saying you never did this no
this is like this would bruise you so
you got like that eat heart and then cut
it and then let go and it's like surely
very chipper tooth only that half comes
off what ha and we would fling them
across the class from each other
oh man that is why you didn't have sweet
teas on Fridays let me show you like
that except you didn't have a dog then I
just hit me like each other in the face
and we'd all buy these now like wars
with them of course the plaster of night
that's naughty and then like that very
bad
let's go say these are like the oldest
lobbies yeah I don't like these these
are like powdery aren't they do you like
them I have to be in the right mood for
them you still want the path oh come on
should we go to bed Missy oh okay then
nope
oh I didn't mean that bad that's the
cutest thing ever it's time for me to go
to bed zoey is already up in bed
literally just gone up like one minute
go oh I don't even know why film today I
wanted to have such
Blagh for you for my first one back and
I've ended up just having such a slow
day I suppose some days just I like that
and some days more finally more about
before say alright guys I'm gonna end
the vlog now thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed in you're
excited I'm back filming every single
day again give the video a big old
thumbs up thank you so much for all of
the support whilst I've been away it
means so much I love you guys and I'm
happy to say I'll catch you tomorrow
good night
hey it's the is the morning guys it's
not the morning
