good morning everybody good morning guys
I doing it it's the body is the morning
guys it's not the morning Oh
join a hot chocolate or anything
I don't eat that I would come to get
some water why don't we get some big big
old bottles or should you get some
others all right we've got tons of
goodies guys I need to do some
explaining it is not the morning but
we've had an incredibly busy packed
morning we are off to bar we're off to
bath basically oh it's so muddy right
let me get in the car let me carry we
plan to get you something that we knew
you weren't gonna like and then papi was
going to give it to you to see what you
would say and then publius like I know
what
let's get her Ferrero Rocher I'm like no
but that's just your favorite chocolate
bar
no you just find them for yourself don't
even like that your favorite chocolate
stop that we've got tons of stuff mainly
butters walked out we're off to bath
please continues down a little bit while
I explain what we're going and we are
off to Bath we've booked a hotel will
actually Zoe but the hotel and my tepee
and Bobby's is gatecrash like Shaun's
busy Shaun's back and boys I'm afraid
this would be just think she's coming
along when the safe I think Bobby
souping at the bottom of our bed like
laying across the body down jacket and
and then we thought why not would be
better it puppy and Shaun also came
along so we'd rung up put to hotel them
for poppy and Shaun so that they can
also come so Shaun it Shaun's working
laughter today so he's already on the
train from London going up to Bath he's
in fact going to get there before us
he'll because we we took so long packing
every
and now we we're probably about three
hours away from Bath driving up we've
got some old-school tuners on and now
we've got some crisps and some water
there we've got Worcestershire sauce or
whatever it is our favourite wrists I'm
not in focus but I'm also at home with
the doggy what am i doing at home guys
we've got some explains this basically
confusing we were made to be seen as you
just see literally in bath tonight and
for the next couple of nights and we
were driving like Zoe didn't feel very
well earlier she had like a migraine and
she was like chilling out on the sofa
and stuff and like trying to really
relax and took some like ibuprofen is it
and then like the headache tablets those
ones and stuff like that and and as
we're driving shoes I don't really feel
very well but I'm still going to carry
on and then as we were driving further
away she was like yeah still don't feel
very well so we were like if you don't
feel well there's no point of being like
being ill like you being ill in a hotel
so we decided to turn back we could
still possibly go tomorrow and annoying
because obviously we've got hotel booked
in bath that we're not using but we
thought we better like though is now in
bed upstairs relaxing and with the
little puppy and yeah just thought I'd
give you a heads up that we're not going
to bother today anymore
unfortunately however that was obviously
the plan there's always not feeling well
so and we're just going to take it
chilled we're going to just see what
happens I think I'm going to head over
to Mum and dad's with poppy in a minute
we just ordered a taxi haven't we
I know you're not come in I'm going to
see your brother though you don't care
what about if I say buzz then you care
I'm gonna go and see him we're at mom
and dad's buzzy boy are you doing what
is first dates pause it then boys yet
I've just got these out for us Oh buzzy
boy with members have literally just
been played bite and he is so different
Nala so at mom and dad's and
but again mum you know must be in here
papi was like wait Alfie since we're
here
Waverly and me since we're here we
thought we would go through some old
family photo albums we've done this in a
video before we went through all that
memory boxes but I thought it would be
funny so we've got tons of photos and
these like we have we have like proper
albums for each late year of our lives
life's lives but these are all just
random aren't they yeah there's nothing
in particular so we've just got photos
like this here is that look look at that
baby there ma this topless pictures of
mum some baby been I'm sorry to the
woman whose head is just permanently
like half poking up on our screen yeah
because that was the day I was born
you couldn't meet me any earlier asked
me loving that sweet corn oh I look so
sick my cheeks couldn't get any bigger
in this photo
look at the size much what is mum mums
get like a front while you're closing
the door mums literally you can see her
through there she's mums pulled a chair
up there and had the doors open like
we're like a blooming cinema like a
private showing of my video what you
doing oh my god my hand there just see
what Oh mum doesn't want to be on camera
today for some reason she'd rent for
jobless mum oh she didn't her garden
includes apparently is that you pop oh
my gosh look about there where's my
first girlfriend Hey oh there's at the
blonde one there's a picture of me I put
on Instagram of me kissing that girl but
the one thing I want to ask mum is in
the picture I will try and find a
picture and put on the screen now in the
picture of me kissing the girl she's got
lipstick marks on her cheek what you
laughing at mum your
what is that mum you've literally got an
afro that's not even a perm that's an
afro see that's where I get my potion
from everybody oh there's a bowl cut
there is my bowl cut thanks so much mom
and dad God I'm just like oh my gosh yes
get your triple denim oh look look at
you look at you in that oh my gosh
master of all poses guys let going
through I found the original the photo
of me kissing the girl and there's
lipstick marks on her cheek look nice
socks and sandals Alfie get in that look
3/4 limps as well
comment down below guys with a caption
for this photo ok look at your face I
realize oh might your hair you honestly
look like you have no hair this one's so
cool look at that that's so sick it's
found one last picture and then this is
going to be the last one unless these
guys these these guys are looking three
different albums so unless they find
something particular freer oh yeah these
are we're not live in those ones so
maybe they won't look at this I don't
even know if I should put this online
look at me I'm wearing a dress with like
a hearts not focusing out there there we
go a dress with like pom-poms on it and
then little big shoes slippers and a
police hat hey the next one look at you
you look like the woman in black I know
I love the stage that's the stage
everybody mom made us a stage to dance
nekton ah are you ready you're ready to
see literally the woman in black look
you're lit you are inside it that's your
face in there in your head you look so
scary and I'm wearing like the opposite
I look like so cute
just got back home guys let's see what
my little niala baby is up to hey
courteous you sleepy coming then Oh big
stretches you take you outside to the
toilet coming them come on
Yoshi still asleep Oh which is too tired
to jump over it let me pick you up
I just remembered what my dream was last
night
really really bad nah I come here come
good girl
I just remember what my dream was last
night guys and it was so it like so rad
let me pick up there so I take my
Johnson take my keys out so is this
normal and I woke up so confused I
dreamt last night that I broke into the
next-door neighbor's house like I didn't
steal anything
I literally just went in their house
went upstairs and then came back
downstairs and left like I dreamt that
they left I don't even know what the
house looks like on the inside I drove
that there was like a tiny little window
like this and it was open and I crawled
through it and I went in and looked and
nobody was there so I went upstairs in
their house I had to look around nobody
saw me I went back through the little
window and came back in the nars life
I've done it nobody caught me and I got
to look around their house as if that
was like a normal thing to want to do is
just to the guys look around somebody
else's house oh you don't even know and
then in the dream the neighbors look
back on their CCTV and it was a Friday
which is scary because I woke up and it
is a Friday today when I woke up from
the dream I dreamt that the neighbors
looked at their CCTV and they were like
that boy next door broke into our house
I didn't take anything we've seen him in
our house and that's illegal that's
trespassing we need to get him put in
jail and I dreamt that the police were
coming over to arrest me and they were
going to put me in jail I wasn't going
to get anything like serious because I
didn't steal anything I literally just
like walked for a window that was open I
called through and then left and I
joined that they were going to arrest me
from Friday until Tuesday and in my
dream I was like
Oh No do I run away I'm going to get
arrested for four days from like
Saturday Sunday on and Fridays well five
day Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday and
Friday but my audience is then going to
know that I'm in jail and that's why I'm
not vlogging and then I'm going to get
so much trouble from everyone thinking I
did something serious when in reality I
just I wanted to look in their house and
I was like so goodies and then I woke up
this morning and I was literally
listening to the story just sitting down
you listen to my story yeah and then I
woke up this morning and I was literally
like did I break into a house last night
is it Friday crap it's Friday am I going
to get arrested until Tuesday wait what
happened did I actually break into the
house last night and look around and I
was so confused whether I broke into
this house or not I still don't think I
did still think I did I haven't been
arrested yet so no I'm joking
of course it was a dream but like I did
wake up this morning I was so confused I
thought that I'd actually broken into
the neighbor's house anyways ah I'm back
I had a nice time with mum dad Oh we'll
be strict spilling everywhere thanks for
leaving that on the side pop just trip
to everywhere all on my hand I had a
really nice time with mum and dad and
poppy and Shawn unfortunately still on
the train on the way home he seems fine
we've been probably texting him and
stuff and he's he's on the train on the
way home now still and then eh had a
nice time hanging out with them watching
a bit TV looking through the old photos
and stuff like that and just catching up
so you know NCS who I've worked with a
ton of times before they got in contact
me because they're they're teaming up
with a load of a load of youtubers I
think I'm the first one I believe who
they're going to be working with on this
video and the fifth see they've got a
new campaign called NCS goals I'll put
the hash tag up on the screen here
hashtag NCS goals or if you don't know
NCS are first basically it's an awesome
often trying to think how to word it
properly it's an awesome like
opportunity to learn a ton of new skills
ones that you might not be able to learn
in the classroom and
get out there learn more things about
yourself which sounds so generic but I
feel like it's honestly like a real
opportunity for you to like just get out
of the classroom get out of your house
and just learn who you are as a person
which I feel is really important feel
like I've had a lot of opportunity in my
life to just be put in circumstances
that on the ordinary circumstances and
just find out more about yourself what
else make a lot of friends definitely
for sure make a lot of friends Marcus
and I worked of NCS a couple years ago
now I don't even remember like the Malfi
challenges that we did and it was so
much fun and it's only for 16 and
17-year old so I remember back in the
day I was like I want to do this this is
sick we've just spent one day doing it
can I actually get fully involved now
and they were like unfortunately your
car because you're too old I've been
lucky enough to like be out on days out
with the with the teams and stuff like
that so it's for 1617 year old so if
you're 1617 you can get involved it's
awesome I'll leave a link down below
I've done a video with them actually
well I've done quite a few videos of NCS
but I remember I did a video specific
with Tinie Tempah it was it was meant to
be an interview I believe just about him
and how his ambassador is ambassadorial
is that word or verge made up how anyway
he's an NCS ambassador and I did a video
of him just chatting about how it is for
him and how his life has changed for
being Tinie Tempah that he is like being
Tinie Tempah yeah and that kind of ended
up turning into just be like a more of a
chap there like a formal interview so if
you want to watch that as well I leave a
link down below you guys can check out
that interview is cool anyways the new
campaigner there's is exploring career
life goals and social action and as I'm
very aware you guys know how much I love
chatting about life goals and ambitions
and setting yourself challenges and
being true to yourself and finding out
who you really are and what being an
individual means and being positive
having a positive attitude being
confident in yourself I've done a ton of
videos on topics like this and I've
spoken about it with people like Louie
remember I shot that 360 video in London
with Louie and that was all about
I've done a couple of videos from Lewis
they kind of all mix into each other
I've done videos of Louie about making
friends and how to like the best way
that we feel making friends anyways I'm
getting off topic I love talking about
life goals so nzs go in touch with me
and they're like Alfie we've got a new
campaign NCS goals one of them is life
goals and we would love it if you could
talk to audience about life goal and how
NCS may be able to help out some of your
audience create their life goals and
make them possible and I was like guys
don't even get me started I'm going to
end up just sitting down forget into
daily vlog and just do like a 20 minute
talk to camera lucky for you I haven't
done that and I've actually I've
actually blogged today so the best way I
thought we can do it is I've got my
laptop up here in front of me now here
and then I put it on top of a table on
top of a table and I thought what I
would do is I would jump on you now you
guys know the website you now it's
basically like a live website I want to
start using it a bit more I'm going to
jump on it or whenever chat with you
guys live in the comments seeing what
some of your life goes on I don't mean
things like mmm I suppose it could be
like being a doctor or being a vet or
being a youtuber and things like that
but I for me I prefer to talk about
topics that are like be more confident
in yourself and then so I want to have a
chat with you guys now live and just see
what kind of feel the vibe for what kind
of things as a whole you guys watching
these videos would like to achieve as
life goals and then I'm going to come
back to you on here I'm not gonna have a
chat with you about how hopefully I can
help you achieve some of those and so
can NCS does that sound good I think it
sounds good it sounds good to me it
sounds so positive and I love positivity
so I'm gonna jump on you now let me
quickly get the webs up now you know
calm and what else I got to say I feel
like I had something else I wanted to
tell ya I had something else I wanted to
tell you enough but god what it is it's
gonna have to wait because I've
forgotten just to prove to everybody
that I'm live everybody in the chat say
where you're from or say hello I don't
know sub-q say whatever you want as long
as it's not rude because it's going to
be in my daily vlog Hey
off his blog a vlog please come to
Belfast Hey hi from Liverpool England
hello hello hello hello everyone's just
putted emojis I've just briefed
everybody saying that I've got a good
reason why I want to chat to them today
so I'm going to explain it to them I'm
then going to get some other answers and
then I'm going to chat to you guys in a
second about their answers thank you
guys so much for the help I've now got a
big old list on my iPhone here full of
them thank you I've just finished the
live show so that the lighting is not
very good in here by the way it's
because it's all coming up and but so
I'm just finished the live show I've got
one two three four five six main life
goals that stuck out to me from you this
is from I could I didn't have time to
write on your handles like you ever
voted so I don't know your name I
apologise if it's yours you know it was
yours and from the comments in the you
now it's just because the comments go so
damn quickly that it's hard to it's hard
to read them let alone read who wrote it
as well as read the comment so the first
one that I absolutely love I'm just
going to read them out in the list is be
ambitious just wanting to be more
ambitious in life I absolutely love that
the second one is to spend more time no
sorry
spend more days helping other people
awesome like somebody's life goal is to
spend more of their time helping
somebody else that is great that's like
when I went to when I went to go and see
NCS with Marcus and go and experience it
and somebody was saying that they were
helping out on a local allotment for a
month as like part of the end part of an
NCS project that's literally like this
is like somebody's life god that is
amazing
like I let you read the comment and I
said to the I said to the chat you're
watching then you'll know I said the
chato's that I would love to get to the
point in life where I work Monday to
Thursday have Saturday and Sunday off
and then like Friday or just one day of
the other days of the week
I just spent that day volunteering to
help somewhere like I used to during
college actually for the first year of
college I helped out at a local disabled
college so I would spend
when you when you go to college in the
UK you have really odd hours so
sometimes you could be in from like
Tuesday morning until lunchtime and then
you have the rest of the day off or you
might have a complete day off or you
might have two hours in one day a three
hour gap in in two hours anyways I think
it was every Thursday I finished like 11
o'clock lunch time so I used to just pop
over to the local there was like right
nearby my college there was a disabled
college and I'd pop over there and then
I just help out with like the music
class is help out with just like lunch
times I hope in everybody made sure that
they've got their lunch again that
they're eating it okay and they can do
that because a lot of these these
children that I was working with
volunteering with and were quite
severely disabled so they were in
wheelchairs often weren't able to fully
use their hand so I'd help them eat and
things like that and just have like
music lessons and dressing up and I
don't know weightless but so I love that
one that one there is one of my favorite
I'd say one of my favorite everything
one I love them otherwise I want to pick
them to be more positive and more
confident do I even need anymore
to be more positive and more confident
and NCS for sure can help out with stuff
like that no doubt about it I've seen
people like comment down below if you've
done NCS because I've never ever met
somebody who's done it yes who's been
like didn't really enjoy it everybody
I've met you've done it as you've been
so positive and just wanting to carry on
doing it and then they go and then they
go on to helping out and do it end stuff
anyways to study hard in school again I
let you down even eh comment on that
that's just awesome life go to study
hard school to be happy with myself and
then the kind of closely to the last one
to be the best version of myself I love
these I love these I love such like
brought so in this bit of hairs annoying
me I love such broad life golden like
it's all good don't get me wrong
aiming down like a specific job is
awesome because they can help you get
where you want to be in life I love that
as well so just having goals like this I
absolutely love anyways I've rambled on
more than enough about goals and
positivity and NCS and I could go on and
on and on comment down below what your
life goes on I am super excited to read
them hear them hopefully they will
inspire others there might even be some
that I read nothing yo I want that be
one of my life goals that is cool and
I've never thought of that before one of
my life goals personally is just do more
of what makes me happy because life is
just for fun it's meant to be enjoy if
something makes you happy do more of
that and yeah I will leave a link down
below to NCS if you want to go check out
their website and see where they get and
up to and like I said the video of me
and Tony temper yeah I just that's
awesome I feel like I should just end
the vlog down here this is like such a
positive perfect roundup is 20 minutes
past 12:00 at night I should probably
get to sleep I might even edit this blog
now quickly so that's definitely up one
time for you guys tomorrow I've kind of
planned my main channel video for this
week loosely so I might do a little bit
of work on that for on Sundays video if
you haven't checked that yesterday's
vlog go check it out if you haven't
checked out yesterday Sims video go
check it out I'm gonna end up down here
I love you so much thank you for
watching hope you have a lovely evening
a lovely day whatever time it is
whatever it is in the world I will see
let me know what I should do this
weekend because obviously I'm not going
to Bath anymore so let me know what I
should do this weekend am I going to
hang out of another YouTube or something
I will catch you tomorrow with another
daily vlog give the video a big old
thumbs up if you enjoyed it good night
