good morning guys Jay and I have at the
driving range oh you're dropping your
balls man your balls go in everywhere
there's one over there as well
Oh nearly put the token in with no
basket that would have been bad
insert token pressed event are you doing
today you good oh yeah Jay Larson
you're like a silhouette so chaser over
last night as you saw did you put both
tokens in the mongo I've got another two
p.m. I forget wearing my lucky talking
golf yeah look at that this place has
got electric tees so you can lift this
up pour the balls up in here get that
one little guy oh it's already put my
ball up there for me
go on get that camera angle mate go on
get that get that we be here we go I
want to film your first shot the day
yeah
let's both use one collab see who can
hit it the furthest we get one shot each
one shot
magic on me
oi shut up
it shuts up he just got it I don't you
guys can see that triangle thing he got
in the net
impetigo yes let's go now go home get
out here oh yeah I'm not going to
better that I think it was about the
same just hang my balls now ready how
many is that okay
all my balls are gone chase got a couple
left oh you got three left this here bro
the best hot chocolate can I get one of
the best hot chocolate you possibly do
not me a much of course large yes please
this is the best hot chocolate you're
ever gonna have you know that's so
creamy let's go get some tickets see if
you can already tell we've finished up
golf we finished up playing golf there's
a lot of fun and joy he jellies by the
hot chocolate even though it's just been
to the dentist this morning even the
dentist and I get a hot chocolate eerie
song yes
just walking long logging you know two
trains bro
and to the train driver hello mate
so pleased to call the true that's a
sick look at that
and just met the loveliest man who works
at crap also chase just jumped in the
tube to go home I'm back jump on an
innard uber to go to my meeting just
picked up a prep just some quick little
chicken salad and I just met the the
loveliest mad it was like so tidy in the
back where they make what the coffee's
usually it's really messy in every
cotton shop this was like immaculate and
shiny and I said Jen bro you have the
cleanest coffee shop I've ever seen ever
and as I thank you so much to earn a
free coffee that makes me really happy
in ours I thank you both for me free
coffee I don't want one just because if
I do I'm going to be like because I
haven't haven't eaten lunch yet and it's
already like 5:00 p.m. nearly but keep
up the good work your coffee shop looks
awesome yeah I was waiting outside for
my taxi and as you guys are done if I
told you earlier but I don't my belt and
only have one belt
it's my trousers all a falling down all
men's over there somehow my uber driver
when I ordered it was six minutes away
now it's nine minutes away typical
London did all his loaded outs and now
they're women's here we go this is what
I need just a plain black belt medium
small let's go small
let's grab a small next in Victoria
Station you have the best members of
staff as well yeah how you do you get
all right nice to meet you
watches the videos obviously guys in
Victoria just so friendly the two women
that I just met now they were like I was
so tired you're the most energetic most
hyper and happy person we've had today
I'm like what she's like well it's
nearly the end of the week and I'm like
but you can't be tired towards the end
of the week because you have to be
energetic for your weekend to have a
good weekend
she's like no I just want to sleep
off-site you can't work so hard a week
and then sleep in the weekend you need
to make the most of it make sure you're
awake in the weekend and having a load
of fun she was like what do you mean by
having fun I was like watching movies in
bed no like a we get yeah and they're
yeah they were just lovely just i ah
dono blue sky it's a good day feeling
and I got my lunch I got my belt on just
put it straight on and now I'm 24 my car
one minute away common after all
yes boy come on turn that corner turn
that corner no it's gone the wrong way
it's gone past the turn in or is that
one way
oh no oh blue my neck
I didn't get the opportunity to film any
of the meeting of course because it was
super boring for you guys excited
meeting which is boring for you no clues
here look at this what they're carrying
it it's Margaret where we go it will we
do it we go into the zoo club you come
in zoo cut you come his new club he's
not coming to Bella we're gonna be doing
it's like a yes he's going he's in the
zoo club he said nuttin we got food with
women che so we made you meet in Sarah
and Callum as well calyx and Sarah close
Sara's fallen asleep thank you so much
Sarah
what company means a lot to you Callum
ordered dinner separately online because
he didn't want to wait
so again Callum thank you so much for
coming for dinner with us so now it's
just a good old change and we go back
again definitely not I'll relax coaching
you have you seen the machine they're
going in like the drinks machine lava
lizard by let's go in let me just show
you this drinks machine Marcus used to
drink like two liters of coke a day so
you ready to see this machine we're not
gonna get
right how do they presume it yeah I've
been here before so this machine so you
can chain
cheese like all drinks and then they
have so many different flavors of each
one wears more impressive gazelle come
on
the fruit flavoured and then you can do
like a great flavor coach here even in
Italy yeah you can do like cherry
vanilla coke and great coke and then you
press it and it comes out anyways let's
go somewhere let's go get some food
I just thought that's all and then
that's cool imagine me having out in my
office I would have no tea dar Marcus we
just finished in and Marcus is playing
the daring game what's it called like
the knife game yeah literally
it's called do not try this at home
learning
Yeah right show them what the game is
right so measure the premise of the game
you guys must have played this in school
you always this is your starting point
and you go
as well
if you are the last one on the train and
the first run off you're doing it right
you're the most efficient person I
always try and make sure that I'm the
last one on although I do like to get
see and then I always try measure than
that I'm one of the first people so that
I can get the taxi first and I don't
have to queue up just got home and these
two still awake even though it's very
very late I used to know so of course
it's not still opened no maybe in
Victoria hello Missy she was out signing
her to the toilet oh she's already gone
ah I need to do Mattie and I need to go
to sleep yes I know yes I know I've had
such a fun day
I didn't blog Dixie no and I didn't vlog
Sarah I'm Callum but we did me I would
vote for the moon to the casino but
obviously I'm not allowed to vlog in the
casino and I I came out up get so much
money or one not even joking eight
pounds no well actually I want fifty
pounds but I spent 42 pounds one on one
round of drinks everybody 42 pounds for
like a drink for me
Jay Marcus Callum Sarah five drinks 42
pounds so I only actually came up 8
pounds up my camera batteries go do do
do do do so I'm going to end the book
here I hope you enjoyed it give it a big
old thumbs up if you did and tomorrow
Zoe and I are off some are very exciting
I'm not gonna leave not gonna tell you
now I'm gonna leave it for tomorrow's
vlog we're off for a Valentine's trip
and I hope you excited give the video a
thumbs that kept you bright and early
tomorrow
alright good bright and early good night
we got a little puppy bath going on over
here
