we got a little puppy bath going on over
here good morning guys how you doing
today I am currently walking through the
lanes of Brighton to go and get my hair
trimmed corn got hat on because it is an
absolute so I some to a couple back
there were like what is that you are
talking to a camera and yeah my hair is
an absolute mess it has been for the
last couple of weeks it's just got too
long and out of hand finished up getting
my hair cut and don't do dog it's all
sure my hair is short again I prefer it
short so much compared to when it's long
it's just so much easier to handle
anyways my hair is cut today is being
productive I making sure of that because
as you know I had more or less two days
out just having crazy food poisoning
since then I've had a ton of new camera
gear turn up to the office well I say
turn up actually arrived at home
and then I just bought it here so you
didn't turn up to the office at all I
just bought a new camera and two new
lenses and a new microphone so that I
can film my videos even easier I
uploaded my main Channel video on Sunday
with che and I shot it of two different
camera angles because I was spinning
this I didn't want it in shot all tight
or anyways if you've seen it you've seen
our you guys know what I mean and so I
basically brought the same camera that
I've already got in here again so this
camera here this little guy the Canon
70d I I just bought another one and then
I bought two of the same lenses so that
the lighting everything looked exactly
the same in both cameras so I've got two
if you're interested Sigma 1835 1.8 so
that's what is over uses to animate
literally every youtuber uses this lens
is even the gamers it is an amazing lens
and then I got another 70d and then if
you're interested I also just got soom
h4n it looks a little bit more fancy
than usual because it's got the biggest
sound little dead cat thing
on the end which is really really
squishy and then these you know the
other day way I was literally over here
when I showed you you know the other day
when I was complaining about how
expensive these are saying the 15 pounds
do not buy them from the company that I
got it from this here is 30 of them
literally 300 30 adhesive pads six
reusable cover fur I don't know
basically this here on my camera at the
moment is 15 pounds for one this was
eight pounds for 30 so thank you
Jonathan ciccone Jody for linking me
them I knew that they existed because
Roman Atwood put them on my old login
camera before it broke but I couldn't
find the name of them and Jonathan text
me that is it happy this is what you're
looking forward to saw your blog so
thank you so much for saving me a ton of
money because actually that's normal now
I've only got one on this and they need
to there's two little microphone ports
anyways I'm currently entertain a new
gaming video over here with with the
mister mister my name's CheY
my dad is on his way over to come and
grab some lunch on me because I just
haven't seen my dad properly like proper
properly I saw him last night actually
but we planned this before last night
I've seen in probably in ages whenever I
see him I'm just like that I can barely
see you I'm working on videos at the
moment which kind of is what I'm doing
today again for any of us I'm going to
have a lunch and have some lunch with my
dad I just edited and uploaded the daily
vlog on here so that's all scheduled a
good day so far
considering I'm still not feeling 100%
I'm going to get both videos up today
I've had a haircut I'm gonna hopefully I
want to stay here late tonight and film
some more gaming videos because I've got
an incredibly busy week this week like
I'm off away on Friday until Monday
somewhere exciting you guys will find
out soon I'm in London tomorrow and
things are just busy this week also just
put the new
on the camera and as you get down the
microphone they just don't fit they
don't work for some reason great all
right can you hear me better now so
basically I just put them on top of my
camera and then that don't have any
holes they just went straight on for the
microphone so they don't work damn it
I've just pulled off my bloomin
expensive one to put on some cheaper
versions and the cheaper versions don't
work and now I don't have an expensive
one on I don't I don't have any because
I just pulled off the other one you can
see on here that it's meant to be for
those little microphones that go on your
chest it's not meant to be phone cameras
don't ask me how guys but it is somehow
7 p.m. in the evening maybe even
half-past seven
I've uploaded today's daily vlog I've
also done today's gaming video I've also
done tomorrow's gaming video I have also
done Friday's gaming video it has been a
long old day super productive but a
really really long day it's time to head
home I feel like I haven't even eaten
today cuz I haven't done anything today
seven sit here computer
filming and editing I was I filmed
another Sims video here is a good time
it is the I nearly said what happens in
the episode but I'm going to leave it
down for you to watch it and find out
what happened in the episode it's not
very cold anymore the evenings are
staying a bit brighter a bit longer and
a bit warmer a bit longer which is good
I've just arrived home and I've worked
some salmon it's cooking up got 11
minutes left until myself oh you guys
are all foggy 11 minutes left two mice
understand
hello nugget have you been laying in
your bed have you been in your bed have
you been in your bed Evie Evie Evie a
lot of people ask me it like how big is
not it in real life like often when I
get recognized in town and stuff people
are like I've always wondered how big is
she can you show me and I don't really
know how to show you because everybody
that meets her always says she's so much
smaller than what I thought so I want to
try and show you like a comparison to
something that you'd all have at your
house and I just don't know what that
thing is yet let me know something
comment down below something now a very
ordinary object that you all have at
your house maybe like a sky remote or a
TV remote or a ruler I don't even have a
Varun like a bottle of wine or something
that you have at your house but I can
put Nala next to to show you how she's
looking at me like will you turn about
me what you saying what am I saying
about you can you hear me speaking about
you is that why you're looking at me so
that you guys can see if you're
interested how big she actually is
because I get asked it a lot and it's
hard for me to show you because you
don't know how big I am in real life but
I've just got home - Zoe showing me a
new obsession of hers that she's let me
just quickly close these in case
nobody's meant to see what you've been
planning Zoe loves to leave a lot of
stuff open and about the house that
she's not allowed to show you the future
things that she's working on and this is
one of the things that should that's
just arrived that she's purchased a
massive ring light and then you put your
camera in the middle you've heard is
this an adjustable one can you tell the
brightness up and down or is it just an
on and off job because that'll make a
big difference to how close you can sit
to it
thing ah might be okay we haven't tried
it have you tried it I think it's good
I've never tried a ring like before I
know a lot of music videos use them in
an app in their eyes hear their rings
like a little ring is a lie because
sometimes I look in pictures people and
now has always got another new toy a
small red light oh we've been joking
over each other I'm saying it's not
small I'm saying it's good don't get me
wrong this is it this is halo nothing
come on that's not henge it's in my hand
okay let me show them in a minute it is
it's not big it is good but it's just
one extra thing to carry around which if
if you carry a handbag or like a bag
would be constantly that's not an issue
I don't constantly carry bag with me so
for me I don't think it'll be very good
and how should I show them should I just
show the middle shall I show them the
effect of it give me your phone I'll
show you them on your face no we'll put
on here but I'm going to go turn off all
the lights in this room so it's pitch
black so imagine me ending my vlog and
the room is this dark right so this is
normal vlog in record the lights off and
then
Zoey's gadget comes out to play oh how
bright you want it you could have it
that bright that's right or that bright
and then then now this is Zoey's light
that's too bright I think how do I turn
it down you press it again fresh way the
top that's it that's quite a good run
yeah
and then that Zoey's light on re Nexon
it does like it is good like the
lighting is I can't stop looking at the
screen time JQ secret right this is
laughs and I'll be was like not stupid
that's the biggest thing I've ever seen
somebody is right let me tell them like
that God no no I don't I don't love it
hey turn turn to the lights back on what
once you have on and I don't love it I
think it's good but it's
another thing to carry around and if
you're a daily vlogger you need to limit
the things that you carry around let's
show them what it looks like nice so it
looks like this it's basically a
miniature ring light I'll probably put
it in my phone you turn it on like that
and then you can clip it on to things
here so Zoe when I came in the room
show them what you're doing with my
phone I had I had alby's she was taking
selfies but you can get yourself yeah
you got a strong selfie game with this
and there she was clipping it over the
front even if I then she was Turner
you're on turn it on take sure that her
selfies were like what is this what is
that that's what it's useful is that way
it's actually promoted for what online
whereas I just clipped onto the top of
my camera screen laughs oh wait can you
carry an explained knowledge literally
in a week Oh beautiful plus I said right
basically let me show you I'm probably
going to put it in my favorites because
I just think it's the greatest invention
this is setting one setting three oh
wait oh yeah there you go so you've got
three settings you just press this
little button on the top one two three
off so very easy very lightweight just
needs to AAA but AAA batteries like some
promotion I know it isn't sponsored gas
I said look how good Morris's yeah you
press that right so imagine if you're I
don't know in a hotel room the
Lighting's pretty bad and you're like oh
I really wanna do you now or I want to
just feel good again yeah
whack it on and then you got bad light
and you've got all you've instantly got
better okay like do you not think that's
good you could literally attach it to
anything you could just go like this oh
my god why is the camera there dot there
we go you could just do that good yeah I
mean not never ring light know what
uh-oh
she liked it
well iris in hello Brian Gosling but
rachel rachel mcadams is pretty fit Joe
isn't she no I was waiting for a tree I
love I'm filming you and there's a sex
scene from the notebook on in the
background what do I get yeah sky
Valentine's I'm gonna are we gonna get
bitten Italy
do you fancy tearing about time didn't
you yeah that's yesterday in about time
Lisa appetizing looking dinner but trust
me it's delicious oh I'll see a Gore
confession no no what you're gonna say
you peed on the table the table that's
like the longest ongoing saga joke in
the world we got a little puppy buff
going on over here hey you smell so good
what is that this doggy champagne it
came in like to watch the smell
rebar but I didn't like rebar but that's
most so good yeah no no you happy he's
happy young you know it firmaface no no
no no we should have made it with that
fuss now she's gonna do it again
was that fun hello that's a nice bath
isn't ask it what some suds in your skin
she's enjoying it look her listen I
think she loves it's equally I think she
loved although she's like a kid or my
hair I need to style it is so like wow
and she's like a kid how when you say
Nolan lead you in a bath she just runs
and there was no John chicken a catcher
it takes both of us to catch her to have
to give her a bath and then once she's
in the bath she loves there she just
looks incredibly grumpy where's my
liquid doggie no there you are you can't
escape you need to dry you first or what
you'll get incredibly cold the best way
to dry a pug
is in a second I'll show you you throw
it over hurt yeah she fights her Nala
what's this
and then she ends up biting it and just
like fighting it and it dries her look
at wavy Gooden oh are you attacking it
ah ah no come here you're still very wet
come here
you excited you got a treat now you're
clean oh that's proper charming that is
careful living at Nala calm down don't
eat it that quickly look is yeah it's so
smoky look a smart she looks everybody
was a smart person that's right
do you know what who would which you to
bird wear your outfit including your
socks me if I'm wearing them another
youtuber okay sorry sorry look at Jay
which youtuber
alright you guess come on No
I don't know think about what you're
wearing look at your socks around that
pattern socks youtubers well I was gonna
say kick the PJ do you know they look
quite PJ today really your fashion sense
though you'd have a little bow tie
yeah I think I think you look quite
Vijay today it's always cooking us
dinner on this old good little thing
this is a Russell Hobbs although I think
the original one is like a George
Foreman told Cheney needs to get one
it's basically the lazy way to cook food
really quickly I didn't know you can
count Alicia's on there bro anything
chicken on there honey you don't need
check yes you can of your vegetarian
bogs down 100 J's ready to go okay you
can cook what can you cook this
vegetarian on that ha ha all your veg
cuz all your hair John has any bet they
means on that yeah where you got that on
there we put you to bed
you sleep you won she put you to bed
good night bro catch you in the morning
good luck with your feelings
see you later bro my special little
light see I haven't got as ohi's light
if I had it you'd be able to see us
right now my life but right now don't
worry I've got a really sick life don't
know what it's called yeah good iPhone
oh my gosh look how bright it is
look how good my light is it's sick what
I've just put my braces in so I'm bit
like this B as usual I'm going to end
the vlog even though I'm incredibly wide
awake it is like half past 1:00 in the
morning
we've just been chatting about cereal
the podcast if you guys listen to it if
you haven't go check it out it's awesome
also when Jack and chatting about making
red aura it's also really good and chase
just said that we need to watch grow
more jinx sitting the jinx I don't know
we're gonna go check it out I'm excited
to wash my hair tomorrow and then try
puts mug some product in it
yeah you've had a lovely day give the
video a thumbs we enjoyed it I will
catch you all also today there was new
gaming video going up so I'll leave a
link down below to my gaming channel go
subscribe go check it out
I'm nearly nearly nearly three million
subscribers on this YouTube channel so
subscribe down below if you're not
already and I will get you tomorrow good
night good night
