good morning everybody
good morning guys it isn't the morning
it is ten minutes past seven in the
evening and as you know I've had some
crazy crazy food poisoning for the last
two days which basically I really know
he's not yesterday the day before in the
evening that and my stomach just wasn't
right I was laying on the sofa I'm like
Zoe I'll be in something something's
happened that isn't good and turns like
it wasn't the summer past I had it turns
out it wasn't by the chocolate I was
eating in the evening it was actually a
hot chocolate milkshake kind of thing
that we'd had in the fridge and I know
it'd been there a while but it just been
setting the doors the fridge here and it
just looked delicious but I hadn't got
around to eating it or drinking it so I
drank like half of it whilst I was
cooking my pasta for dinner I did check
the cell white they're not the sell-by
date they they like eat by drink by day
whatever that one and I've read it and I
knew it in my head but I just didn't
think that it was already this late into
the year I just didn't think that it was
already February how is it February of
2016 already and anyways it went a date
three weeks ago I drank a milkshake that
had like the milk had gone off three
weeks ago so I had crazy food poisoning
I was all of yesterday and then even in
before I was just constantly just being
sick and stuff just not good and my mum
went to the doctors for me I spoke to
the doctor on the phone she went to
picked up some some medication that they
prescribed me to stop me being sick and
me being sick made my acid reflux you
know the chest pains I used to get
kick-started all of that like crazy
it was probably yesterday I was probably
in the most pain I've ever been in my
life like so he would walk in the room
and I was just I was that sleeping ass
in the spare bedroom because I didn't
want saw it just in case you can catch
what I got and I'd literally be there
like pacing up and down like this like
nearly like crying just might
guest and my stomach was like hurt so
bad
anyways it must have just room one of
those 24-hour food poisoning get out
your system everything came out of my
system I'm sure of that and today has
just been like haven't felt sick or
anything at all at that but just because
I've got nothing inside me I'm just
gradually been eaten very very slowly
started off with some toast
just with nothing on that then just now
I just had some noodles like plain
noodles and stuff so gradually just
getting back into eating and feeling
better and better still 100% I'm sure
you can tell I'm a little bit more dull
than usual but it's seven o'clock I
wasn't going to vlog today I wasn't
planning to and all day just remaining
pancakes so bad because it's Pancake Day
everyone online is tweeting pictures of
delicious looking pancakes and Zoe's
those who said earlier launches oh by
the way me your mum your dad poppy and
Shaun and the dogs were all going to go
in or obviously the dogs on eating
pancakes but all having pancakes or
poppies if you want to come later I
really didn't feel well enough but now I
think I do I think I feel well I'm not
going to go crazy on the pancakes don't
whine I'm not gonna eat a lot I'm not
going to be having any maple syrup or
any honey or anything like that then it
isn't great for my stomach because it's
still super sauce it's so empty but yeah
I think we're going to go we can head
over and I'm excited so we're going to
have some pancakes from pancake day and
I'm just going to gradually get back
into vlogging over the next couple of
days bin ill just sucks like I was
really ill for 24 hours but it just
reminds me of how how horrible it is
every time I forget how much it sucks
being ill and I think we just need to be
happy and thankful every day that we're
not ill more often because there's some
people out there they're constantly ill
and have every crazy hard life so we
need to remember that remember how lucky
you are
anyways this is some of the pancake
stuff that we're taking over to poppy
poppy for some reason bobbing Shaun
don't have a grater so we've been asked
to bring this over they also don't have
Nutella so bring that over and this is
like
well this thing obviously here is like a
massive crap machine like a crepe maker
you know when you're like abroad or
whatever and they go meet like the
crepes and then you flip it and it's
just sick and sorry for some reason has
one of those and then this here you see
the tiny little ones there for tiny
little pancakes you just put like a
little bit of pancake stuff in each one
and you make like tons of tiny little
pancakes anyways we should probably head
over now because everyone is there a
Saif and Shan Shan has got a driver
lesson from six to eight so he's not
going to be there yet but let's go make
some pancakes okay Zach fears today give
them a little outfit of the day and head
to tone Topshop these are common
projects not simple yeah that's really
simple today another you've got your
little youtube hoodie that they sent Zoe
for when she hit 10 million subscribers
not on the back and Joey show them the
front trying to show them oh no no no
show them down here see the little
YouTube logo it might not be able to see
right coming in alright let's see what
these guys are up to
oh you got the tiniest little panel
thing that you're not making a pancake
in there I was gonna say that's quite
deep to make a given Carla say and look
at this what's going on this one crap
let's go ahead I okay these ones are we
doing sundar a savory which I'm not
going to happen because I just had wagon
mothers well I just had some plain
noodles because I didn't want to upset
my stomach too much yeah but so these
guys have been savory here and then
afterwards we're going to make some
Jamie Oliver pancakes and then we're
going to go for the yummy stuff on it
and we've got loads of different options
to put on the top over here trying to
calm down Missy
yes Jory go a little bit over garlic oh
my god you guys are blooming weird why
here we go that's time for my little
pancake Oh someone's at the door
what do I have on my pancake I've got my
little my little guy here I'm thinking
some strawberries and some Nutella here
we go come on there we go
happy pancake there you guys mine
doesn't exactly the most appealing
oh it's not even in focus since I wasn't
planning on blogging today I haven't
charged my battery so it could run at
any second but oh my gosh
oh no who they look quite cool you know
you know you know yeah they're like a
real version of the little things we had
the other day in my vlog yeah yeah
what's happening over here Shawn just
had it
they look good this is like the best
thing why didn't we not use this more
you bought it like five years ago never
use that I check can we use it once it
your dad's yeah did we get one a mum's
do not ride enough ever here in the
washing up no don't do that little for
poppy Nala is so sleepy after play
fighter a buzz for the last hour or so
aren't you you sleepy are you being good
doggies yeah so is just building mum's
eyebrows mum show them your eyebrows
sure sure Miranda Singh show them your
eyebrows mums join the circus let me
show them they all want to see mum and
pop just use that face dropping out and
pop his eyebrows will it really good am
up so he said she would fill them into
like replicate pop his eyes and did it
really bad on purpose they were like
thicker and darker than mine
mom how are they got to show the people
your eyebrows leave you can't go much
money minorities billion like legitness
like it good
Oh frisbee haha
no don't give it to the dog
Marva just throwing uneaten bang cakes
well you know catch it Nala all right so
you actually catch us you ready yo
this is real pancake evening why are
they holding together so well oh right
we need to pack up oh my god that Mickey
yeah they literally skim my head that's
all right we need to go now I'm going up
on your table yeah all right
give my dog give me my dog back
I've probably caught about 10 seconds to
end this blog because my camera battery
is like dududududududu so thank you so
much for watching again I'm sorry that
the video is sure it's just because I've
been super ill for the lot give the
video a thumbs if you enjoyed it cool
night pizza time we've got the biggest
Domino's guys I don't it'd be really
nice
