good morning guys we are currently
having a serial slash breakfast debate
what is your favorite go for me I
thought you're asking them my name down
below what is your favorite I don't know
my favor in the moment stopped at
Weetabix minis okay but you've also got
to take into consideration my brand
Golden Grahams Golden Grahams really an
only hand because of Zoey even more so
golden nuggets yeah
golden nugget so I bought these the
other day as you know and obviously not
the most healthy breakfast I know before
you go comment in but they're
deliciously satisfying that they say on
the package they are um Bush favorite
makeup stuff I think Golden Grahams
my face gold and great men or unhealthy
are they I know Lucky Charms when you
bite it they taste like the sensation of
scratching a blackboard with your name
it's like the center of a crunchy I
can't handle you know honeycomb like for
breakfast some mini oh yeah yeah Lucky
Charms if you watch it you need to
release the zoella version of your
product I'm gonna be the first how are
you doing guys I hope you're the first
human to release Sierra you do it so
much gonna stay right with you know like
you get the like the cool junk like this
square ones all lined up with all the
types of
cereals yeah or made you know we should
all go you've got like like if you have
some people around to global co2 them in
walk in and just go oh my god this is
amazing
pass them and fall and they could have a
bit of each we should go to the cereal
place in London
yeah have you heard of it Zoe there's a
cafe in London that only sells cereal I
think they do charge like I would pay
that though if it was you could fold a
cereal right if I'm gonna go something I
hope they have it I have never very nice
I'm quite fussy of my spoon that I use I
eat with let me show you let me show you
we have a couple of different kinds of
spoons as you see this one here see this
how fat this bit is I don't even know if
you guys can see you see that it's like
a medium sized and now look at this one
skinny yeah I prefer to eat with a
skinnier spoon I agree
there we go I prefer skinnier spoons on
the handle I don't eat with those larger
ones so Samuel place in London I want to
come visit if you're watching can I
remain spoon what's mommy putting on you
have you got a new youtube hoodie does
it say YouTube Ananda mummys hand Wow
I'm talking to a little kid she's
getting too excited I can't then he says
Nala on her back as well little Yugi pup
you tired we're going out on a walk
can't we come next you're gonna walk
yeah my walk
nyla absolutely loved it it looks so
cute little her little youtube jumper
you know I bought like 12 of these the
other day or something I actually loved
them Jade's about to try one for the
first time you've never tried it have
you trained normally drinks like normal
coffee that hot coffee every day yeah
that's nice it's good isn't that really
sweet
yeah Wow Pizza time we have got the
biggest Domino's guys I don't have you
realize but we
get like weekend so I don't get me wrong
we have a lot of time off and we enjoy
the time that we that we spend working
on videos and stuff of course but we
don't ever have like the job isn't
Monday to Friday
obviously I'm creating like in fact the
weekend is almost the busiest because of
Sunday uploads by create videos every
single day of the week thirteen videos a
week to everyday are set from Saturday
so it's busy just every single day
however because I spent yesterday
filming with Jay and being so productive
I've got like a proper weekend like it's
weird just having nothing to do so today
I set from editing my daily blog which I
have got to do I've got nothing to do so
we've got pizzas and chased away itch I
was meant to be leaving in the morning
in a little bit more time so I'm excited
CheY was meant to be leaving in the
morning and like 9 o'clock and then then
he was just like normal even I'm going
to consider either so we've kind of all
just spent the day hanging out and now
we're just having some pizza fest I'm so
excited I never never eat like dominoes
look at this I got a small chin and
sweet corn is that yours medium
pepperoni and look over the chicken
reduced fat cheese yeah it might be just
different cheese Chay's there and then
we got some twisted dough balls some
nachos more toaster dough balls we've
got a little sleepy puppy yeah same way
you having a nice day to give a nice
walk earlier and your little YouTube
jumper of course
mm vlog in I never vlog like this look
how cool that looks to the camera yeah
Genoa Coralie in town we've come to buy
some shoes
we don't need shoes but we both love you
so who really needs shoes nobody needs
new shoes I'm saying we don't need any
we wanted muscle issues so far we've
been to four shoe shops we have zero
peasanty shoes
to the last one in Brighton hopefully
fingers crossed we're getting my I need
new gym shoes I do I need shoes
hey baby good girl gun then you are so
cute right I'm back from town guys
where's my bad gone bag I did buy some
issues and of what gym shoes like I need
it and I also kind of all I look under
the sea I was like under the water while
I stand in this pot what you're watching
Keeping Up with the Kardashians and I've
also bought a new tracksuit I don't know
if you guys know but recently I've been
wearing tracksuit bottoms quite a lot
they're just so comfy and when it's cold
outside you just can't beat a pair of
tracksuit bottoms like why would I want
to be wearing jeans when I go buy
tracksuit bottoms so what's new
tracksuit bottoms and the new like
matching hoodie as well so I'm so
excited and I can wear them to the gym
no they didn't have to come over day but
I got the black tracksuit bottom stuff
wanted for ages and I got a matching
black hoodie for her and I got some gym
shoes what are you doing what you're
doing why is it snapchat oh my gosh I
need to start editing my main channel
video that is going up the same day as
this I am so excited to see as I told
you yesterday
it is probably a video that there I've
been the most excited for in quite a
while I had a lot a lot a lot of fun
filming it so I will leave a link to it
down below please go down below go check
it out it is going to be ten times
better than this blog
if you enjoyed this my new video down
below I'm going to leave all of the
description full of it is gonna be ten
times better so go check it out go shoot
some love I need to start editing that I
finish editing the video guys it is so
good and I'm so happy with well in fact
I finished internet last night and like
1 a.m. because it is technically the
next day I was working on the video so
oh my gosh nearly fell off the bed for
so long and then I ended up just
forgetting to vlog last night so it's
actually the next day for me now and
just filming this little bit in the vlog
to say that I'm sorry that I forgot to
vlog however I was working on the video
itself I'm also in another video today
that's kind of like I don't really know
how to explain it it's basically a
Valentine's Day special on Evan Edinger
channel and I think there's like 40
youtubers involved and you basically
answer set of questions by clicking on
annotations on the screen to find out
who your youtuber Valentine date will be
and then there was a video from that
youtuber introducing themselves like a
first date kind of vibe and I was lucky
enough to be asked to be one of those
youtubers Zoe is also in there who else
is in there obviously Evan I think Dan
and Phil are chasing it I don't know
there is like 40 there's like 40
youtubers and I haven't seen anybody
else's videos other than my own I'm
super excited to collect myself so I
will leave a link down below to that as
well so that you can go and find out who
your youtuber Valentine's date is and
yeah it's just a blooming exciting day
for you because it's Sunday so tons of
youtubers upload you've got this blog
you've just watched you've got my main
channel videos and the other Valentine's
video see ya you've got a busy day lots
of videos to watch I hope you enjoy it I
hope you've enjoyed this video give it a
thumbs up if you have I'm so excited
tomorrow to get back into the office and
get film with some gaming videos
tomorrow's gaming video is sick it is a
part to not part three I know you're
waiting for part three of another series
but it is a second part of a separate
series that is one of my most viewed
videos at the moment or my gaming
channel so yeah I'm just so excited in
the moment
so oh man I've also planned I think I
planned this weekend's new main Channel
video like in a week's time as well like
next on this video and that's really
really exciting so have a lovely evening
have a lovely morning whatever time it
is and I'll see you soon
good bye
