good morning guys
how are you doing my hair is look at
this what's going on up here
what's that about know that my hair what
are you looking at
because I always run out the room
wondering where she is I'm so tired
do you ever just have random days where
you're more tired than others am I even
making sense I don't know is this a nice
jump up and get in the shower
bye bye Jay and I were planning to have
a super productive day as you've just
seen chains arrived Jesus John from the
taxi with me then I just got a phone
call no not even a phone call got a
tweet from mark saying Zoe no I'm sorry
can you come with us in your office and
these two have turned up so now Oh bloom
in our everyone's vlogging it now we're
playing doubles me and chamber sorry is
this pair are you good are you okay you
guys down here that's the worst angle
this isn't the most fair game ever is a
che anoche has a table and survived this
film TEVAR we both wrote and said when
you guys don't know it's not the best
you guys ready
you guys are say later have fun in town
guys it's time to put a new little
fluffy piece of hair right where can I
show you let me show you over here it's
this thing here
you saw me receiving the post the other
day they're so expensive so I don't
advise you buying it from this band I'm
very sorry - to the company but they're
very overpriced it is a little box here
it's called a micro mouth that's it 15
pounds for this and basically I'm going
to stick you on there so that when it's
windy you guys don't get affected you
can still hear me all good
oh just dropped it I realized I
completely forgot when I was at Romans
and he gave me the previous ones there's
two little microphone holes so I put two
hundred before I only bought one of them
it looks absolutely ridiculous and I'm
running on one out that you might find
holes covered up so great should go get
some lunch I know everyone whenever I
vlog everyone's this little hairdo on
the top you've got some fluff on that
right we've just finished filming for
for gaming videos to get that how do
they go pretty well they went smash
they're so good
I'm les so happy with them too - my
gaming channel to chase gamer channel
we're gonna go grab some lunch now if
you want everything yeah yeah oh you're
taking a bag do I need to take a bag oh
no in your bag I'm gonna no I'm gonna
take a bag if you're taking it back
yeah we're gonna go get some lunch and
then we're gonna come back film another
two we could probably even do another
four right gaming videos and the main
sound and then we're gonna film main
channel videos I like your work ethic
what no one else is like this give
yourself do one video got to make those
videos broke these guys these guys want
minimum for me 13 videos a week seven
daily blogs one main channel every
Sunday although I miss last Sunday I'm
so sorry
there you go and Monday to Friday gaming
videos these guys thirsty for come to
just told me you were gonna actually
start doing life no I did not
and making I was gonna do two gaming
videos a day you're literally making
this a bunch of money he's making this
up my 13 videos a week is enough for me
definitely enough oh I forgot my keys we
don't even know where we go to lunch and
we're gonna try we're gonna nip to all I
want to get some CCTV for in here so we
need to go to school are you ready for
the arty vloggers shop oh yeah yeah oh
sure the slow-mo dere should have filmed
in 270 frames per second but I did it
because I'm a boring daily blog on my
camera is ridiculous with this little
bit of spell no don't do that oh this is
quite romantic man we're on kind of on a
date on a secret date
don't tell Zoe she doesn't actually she
doesn't know so she doesn't know rap
that she out
she's out like she's having a date with
Mark and I'm on a date with you that's
fair
that's fine Sports Direct I've not been
in here in like literally years bromas
the last minute I just bumped into an
old school friend just read maybe
knowing the school nursery friend
actually Frankel Tiffany before then
we've come in here let's bring in me Oh
I'm gonna ignore it
sorry whoever is I'm not gonna look
because then I don't feel bad I want to
see if the girl anything cooler I can
put in my office I think this looks like
the section over here like indoor golf
clubs or that's sick
this is you know that's it genius that
Deveny work with me I have the biggest
head in the world oh yeah how do you do
it is Neal and now you're walking around
like a what are those yellow things a
minion right what can we get in here
this could be cool
what is this tiny little bats what you
saying yeah I think then we can play
table tennis but we're tiny tiny bats
that we funny ready to fight me all
right guys we've just drunk have you
drunk red ball and a little bit I've
done half red ball and I never ever
drink red ball so I'm like whoa I'm like
it's like the other day you know and I
was like literally drunk on coffee the
other day that's how I feel right now
we've just been planning dumb a dead
bulk upload to that all good hope you
enjoyed that yesterday super fun vlog
we've just been planning my main channel
video have you at your son chase glaze
main Channel video planned we think we
can upload them both my film scared with
you the temptones baton ball I don't
trust you
mine's definitely going live on Sunday
is a super crazy crazy challenge
involving this and lots of disgusting
things so you guys are gonna enjoy it
chase I think it's gonna go for Sunday
maybe we're not too sure I'll let you
know and yeah we shoot those now it will
need to film a Sims video we got a long
productive evening planned the time is
currently 5 minutes to 6 we just
finished filming the fifth and the sick
video today that is 2 game if it is each
and main Channel videos for Sunday I
can't even tell you how excited to them
for the main channel videos I haven't
properly been this excited in a while
from Maine to our video this is like the
aftermath two different camera angles
recording audio separately disgusting
things just to give you an insight
basically my office is like an absolute
mess now we are off to go grab some
dinner
and then we're going to come back and
hopefully even shoot some more gaming
videos it's already 9:00 p.m. have you
had fun today yeah
to this day I know we haven't finished
yet bye
oh my doors locked oh let's go get some
dinner
oh it's still not this place so this
drink here is called kombucha then
that's how you pronounce it and it's
fermented for 15 days it's meant to be
really really good for you I have no
idea
every time I come it's a different
flavor cheers a bro go on drink yeah
it's so good for you that doesn't you
know they're delicious
you know like that right all right I
could try
like I love that vinegar I love that
it's vinegar it's not bad
again like last important being poppin
junk Amy I have no idea what this is I
know that the green is Christmas tree
oil or something and then there's like
quad underneath there and chains gone
for the veggie option which I have no
idea do you know what that is something
yummy try that cocktail is so good gin
and pink lemonade
Oh our dishes here
thank you but none of you guys can see
but this purple is it potato I think it
is is natural scrolling chemicals may
writer it's not actually that color
this place it how good is this place
guys if you need been right to know you
come to write immunity choice I know
this is probably the sickest toilet I
have ever been in look at it it's like a
chalkboard
you need to hire your walls and then
down here they've got chalk and they've
got soap for your hands it's so sick
this place is crazy look at that let's
look at some of the chase that you wrote
something in here my carnival where when
did he lighter Oh someone's drawn
penises it's your life you've got to go
live it yes Jay should we write
something down there I hate touch in
chalk and then if you know this guy's I
can't handle the sensation of chalk on a
chalkboard what should I write let's
write up here
do more what makes you happy back in the
office ten minutes for being here you'd
never even know that we filmed here how
nuts is that all set money take a jumper
home look at this guys look just come
home - Audrey - you out to the toilet
come on I've got my Wolverine hair out
everybody we are back Chase turnover
tonight because it's so late I've got my
braces in so if I sound lights then you
know why we're currently talking camera
equipment in gear because che has a
microphone called a h1n and we recorded
some audio of it today - some of the
videos videos and I loved it so I'm just
about to order a new microphone now if
Amazon although because it's just going
into Saturday and you have to order
Amazon Prime in Brighton this next day
and they don't live on Sunday we're
gonna have to wait till Monday for for
it to arrive but that's alright I don't
need to film any videos this weekend
anyway I mean in my flocking here guys
because as soon as I go into the bedroom
oh my gosh my hair I'm just gonna wake
so me up and it's like 1:00 in the
morning so she would have been sleep
ages by now I'll catch you tomorrow
thank you so much watching give it a big
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I'm so
excited for you to see Sunday's videos
there was so good I know the gaming
videos as well today it's just been sick
and I just ordered my new microphone I'm
so excited
I'll catch it tomorrow get video thumbs
up I'll see you then
