morning Wow I don't feel so good anymore
good morning guys how are you doing
today I hope you are having a lovely day
my friends whatever you're doing
wherever you are in the world in fact
where are you from
just out of interest I want to know what
what sense where you for me the world
basically a from Argentina are you from
Brazil a from Italy a from Copenhagen
are you from Japan are you from China
maybe you know let's watch YouTube in
China but you could be a sneaky one
watching it in a sneaky way anyway I
currently just edited a new gaming video
over here to go up on Monday I believe
this video is for so you might have just
seen a little sneak peek of it a little
sneak peek and what else I got I got
some porridge it did have an egg yeah
eaten from fret
I've also got a sandwich here from I
spend like bloomin half my money and got
coffee is right this morning from pret
got a ginger shot from the fret pray if
you're watching you thanks for stealing
off my money I don't really know what
else to say I still need to edit
basically Zoe and I have a meeting today
at 2 o'clock but before that I need to
edit the daily vlog and edit these two
gaming videos uploading many videos
basically do learn a video stuff tons of
video editing for you guys I want to try
and get ahead I know I say this let me
pop you up here I said look I'm up lemon
hair I need it are you okay
are you broken we've also got a friend
coming in staying with Zoe and I tonight
try and guess who I honestly bet none of
you can guess and if you guess right I'm
gonna say it because you've skipped
ahead and then commented in your cheater
try and comment down below now I guess
which youtuber you think is coming to
stay with us tonight
I'm gonna quickly edit with you so I say
quickly it's definitely not going to be
quick I'm going to edit with these
videos and I'll catch you in a sec there
we go right I have just finished up
in today's gaming video today is daily
vlog and Mondays gaming video I am yet
to film Sims tomorrow
I don't think Zoe is going to be AB like
she's crazy busy at the moment I don't
think she's gonna be able to come to the
office to film Sims with me so it came
there might be the first solo Alfie Sims
video
I don't know Zoe is gonna trust me I
might mess up the whole series so far
but you guys believe in me
trust me I I could I could do good and I
want to start using this I want to put
like a different game on each thing and
then when I spin it whatever it lands on
I have to play that game in that gaming
video look at my hair that's what I need
to do today I need to bloom in text my
hair dress and be like can you cut my
mop off my head
it is currently ten minutes to one I
have got 25 minutes to get home so I
need to tidy everything away tomorrow
I've just planned something super
exciting another guest a different guest
- the one that's staying tonight
is coming out tomorrow to shoot some
videos with me I guess that you all know
I guess that you all love and I know
you're going to be so excited to see on
my channel when in my daily vlogs and
everything so I cannot wait it has been
so long since I hung out with them and I
just I just know you guys let me try
balance you and I just know that you
guys are going to be so excited to see
them back on my channel and my gaming
channel especially so yeah I need to
stop jabbering on I need to I need to
pack my mentor I need to get going
because I'm actually driving us to this
meeting the meeting is about 25 minute
drive away and I'm the one driving us
this is weird this shops for rent at the
moment imagine if my office was there
like had a front to it that would be so
crazy and you guys can all just come in
and like check out pointlessblog
merchandise and if you just see me
editing the film in my videos that'd be
nuts oh wow that is sick guys
oh you can't really see it there's a
really cool I'm gonna be late but I want
to show you this
check that out that is awesome that
looks so sick imagine that in my office
thousand pounds then right just quickly
before we go out I thought I would show
Zoey yesterday's or yesterday for you
today is vlog for me because I'm just
edited and uploaded it's scheduled for
tonight but she hasn't seen the dance
and you guys haven't seen so on a film
have reaction to the Southie dance in my
hair is a mop right all of our meetings
are finished up for today and both my
videos are live it is time to just relax
and enjoy literally my last video today
went live at 6 o'clock so Zoey now I
want to play a challenge with each other
we want to see who can balance the most
stuff on top of Nala without her waking
up whoever whoever's going is when she
moves loses the challenge yeah you ready
don't move too much
what not the how that's too big you
might have to put it somewhere else come
back baby
I lost the challenge now what's my
forfeit for losing the challenge we can
play later when she's proper sleepy
obviously it's hard she wasn't very
tired she was more just at relaxing
what's my fourth there must be my
forfeit what do I have to do treat my
own we wait why am i saying that I don't
want to drink when we what do I have to
do I don't know hey Zoe you can't say
that in my video you can't say that in
my video I'm gonna have to bleep that
out though he just says I'm very
disgusting stuff are we gonna get pizzas
are we gonna get Nando's would you scare
me film yeah yeah I it's my cannon or
chipped in
the special guest I've been saying about
everybody I'm gonna give you one hint
today's special guest has brought their
own break just in case in case you think
I'm where'd I put my own bread i depends
how much red you're gonna consume in 24
hours if you really love bread yeah is
that just your dinosaur did amazing
they'll bite your your baggers like a
heavier dudes like the food you brought
barber than clothes
Nalla what are you eating over there oh
she's prepared a chunk of it okay
all the biscuits out I bet she leaves
the actual Mafia bit okay yeah she
thinks it's like a game so we've been
chatted for the last like 20 minutes
about star signs and whether we believe
where are these things done just in in
average like okay about the star sign
because I know magazine you can get like
star signs per day okay that's all
respect so that's the difference so
marks was basically like you're a lovely
person everyone wants to be friends with
you you're outgoing yeah they love the
peace everything he loved trees the
outdoors and now about to read mine
which I can just I can just fill it out
and it's just gonna be like yeah I know
I'm such I'm a Virgo wait what were you
an Aries Libra a Libra Zoey's no okay
I'm a Virgo also I should have killed
marks as well marks was like as good as
you can get what's best for marriage and
partnership was me who's mine who's my
veggies I don't even know why cease if
you're out there in your pisces
possibility is a Taurus and a Capricorn
know anyone we motto obviously do I just
can't think oh I don't know I don't even
know what months you have to be born in
to be straight loyal yeah that's very
little definitely deafened
yes hardworking yeah practical yes
practical that's so amazing right yes
they are a practical silver which is why
you can't do the mind soul there man
we're gonna end up happy we're gonna end
up
like you're very let you dissect
everything like yeah and that's me like
shyness no no okay
I am shy I've got weird Chad on me very
like I'm a shy I'm not trying to do like
talks or go on stage or do anything but
if you were like ah
can you sing in front of me no John stop
dancing with my family you've never met
them before you be a bitch oh no I'm
gonna be shy then unless you were like
uh Alfie you know the other day when we
were doing that dance move show them
what we were doing I'd be like no no
John's okay weaknesses you worry no
really no overly critical of self and
others yes oh why yes right yes all work
and no play
yeah I love to read I just don't ever do
it
I don't have the time each event
I love reading I just don't really have
the time to read oh I don't dedicate my
spare time to read listen to this one
okay nature yeah that's true
cleanliness the cleanliness I think for
things to be clean that's yeah I love
things be everything in the house is its
own place I do I make sure I brush my
teeth twice a day minimum god this is so
yeah yeah dislikes rudeness yeah I hate
when people are owed oh I'm taking
center stage I hate taking center stage
yeah I don't because my my life motto my
life motto set them do more will makes
you happy is if you want something done
well I'm sure there's a better way
toward this according to the actual code
there's somebody else told me once if
you want something done well do it
yourself and I live by that always
because yeah I just like being
perfectionist
you know bad guys are always paying
attention
smallest details yeah a deep sense of
humanity makes them one of the most
careful signs of the zodiac
they're methodical approach to life
ensures that nothing is left it mine is
all just very like statistic and like
specific yours was just like you're a
lovely bird buggsters like everybody
wants to be your friend mine is like
your perfectionist is sadly really true
as well organized life and even if they
are very messy their goals and dreams
are put on strictly defined points in
them I talk in my blog so much about
setting goals and aims and challenges
speech and writing as well as all the
forms of communication many virgos may
choose to pursue a career as a writer or
a journalist o journalist I mean have
might document in my life because of the
symbolism of the name of this sign Virgo
expiry experiences everything for the
first time virgos always want to serve
and please others so they often choose
to work as caregivers on the other hand
this zodiac signs sometimes can be very
critical and overly concerned that's me
I'm literally such as I go like what is
yours this videos are gonna be like 20
minutes long useful to have bird guys
are excellent advisors and they really
know how to solve a problem very true
virgos are always there to remind you to
take more care of yourself because they
are very focused on health and wellness
they are also very dedicated to their
family and very attentive to the elderly
and sick people they so you I'm just
sick or die awesome parents however
virgos are not that type of are not the
type of people that will directly show
their feelings they would rather do it
through concrete acts nice so you you
know he doesn't write me any cards or
like I just I hate no I don't even give
you the flowers I just get order them
our lives or someone else delivers them
guys are getting bullied I just don't
like doing order like I don't know I
don't like writing if you want to seduce
the Virgo man you must respect his need
for cleanliness and order oh my god that
is so true
Rosie so much if you walked in and
everything was just like yeah like if
the house is messy I'm in like a grump
if it's tidy I'm like I'm a different
person
yes I'm like yeah that sums me up really
what this this one clip is already like
nearly 7 minutes
all right let's film a little bit of
yours that's the marriage of
partnerships Libra oh is that each other
Oh Leo and Sagittarius who say I know
somebody's early oh I can't remember hey
my friend alex is a Leo well that's not
who I know I was like 3 hmm lucky
numbers one or not how come you have
about seven yeah you had a whole
lotteries or what Tuesday
yet Friday you had the best day yeah you
gonna have to tell me those ok
courageous not really no not really
determined yeah if you're enthusiastic
if it's something that you excites you I
think for sure
optimistic honest and passionate ooh I
see
impatient moody short-tempered
impossible that is Zoe summed up
everybody yours is so how is mug so nice
Marx was like the best right I'm moody
short-tempered impulsive and aggressive
and basically just being definitely
you'll get a moody now about Aries likes
comfortable clothes yeah that's true
yeah but is that true no you don't like
that physical challenge is an individual
for sure I tried to make you come rock
climbing yesterday there was zero John's
coming bot climate yesterday is no Laura
burger as well Nola's like 5th of
September I think she's a little bad go
aren't you
be got a new friend in competition they
are always fast
pizza's here look normally you don't
come in nice
we ordered visa and it's just me my
wallet to pay for it should I bring
plates in and stuff we've got a lot is
your steel rubbish that way she did WAP
I told my big brother about to watch the
movie the cool which is it's a horror
movie isn't it oh it's scary Gary okay I
have no idea what it is
mocks for over like 52 scaring me I
can't take these guys seriously why not
I'll think look at my over there
baseball like eyes they're in so much
pain because is the one that we did the
other day of poppy which is like is it
cayenne pepper cayenne pepper and
cinnamon
I haven't been down a bit on you know I
may need this do you not want to face
marsala yeah sorry I think it's time we
play that game again right so we're
gonna take turns we see who can balance
something on Nala
whoever she moves whenever she made that
doesn't losers right you'll go oh I
still on I'm the worst
it's because you said oh no it's cuz you
said good girl so she turned around to
see what you wanted that's blooming why
right every go let's go again this is at
one second later okay you're gonna put
it back on I'll go next
this is definitely off on that I'm sorry
I'm sorry you lay down come in babe into
your bed in Tibet good gather some
treats none I see in the morning we love
you alright guys it has been a long old
evening the time is half past 12:00
we've just watched two horror movies the
first one we watch was the cool and
second when we watch I have no idea what
he was cool he was based in Brighton hey
it wasn't the most well produced highest
budget film it's still quite scary and I
have no idea what is good though
something like the secret room with a
quiet room or something I don't know
it's based in Brighton which was cool
just because like
all of the shots I knew where they were
and the fact that it was filmed in dirt
exactly like poppy insurance flat so
that was cool I hope you've enjoyed
today you've enjoyed the super long blog
I think this blog was going to be pretty
long because we ended up talking about
star signs and what we were like and
what we're meant to be like for ages so
I hope you enjoyed that kind of thing
and if you're a Virgo like me let me
know if what-what was told about me it's
real for you as well let me know what
your star sign is and what it says about
you give the video a thumbs if you
enjoyed it good oh I'll leave MOX links
down below it's cool having mark over
and we've got another guest coming over
tomorrow it's that's exciting go
subscribe to mark get subscribe to Zoey
I'll catch you tomorrow
