good morning guys today it's just been
one of those days my friends one of
those days where everything that could
possibly go wrong has gone old they're
taking an Instagram today has gone I
don't know overall limit is been
productive overall but basically I
filmed yesterday's blog as you would
have seen it went up yesterday for you
on two cameras so he was holding one and
the other was like on the windscreen is
it the windscreen unlike the the front
of my car obviously I'm not used to
filming on two cameras
so I've let me left one of them home so
I just edited the daily blog at the
office realized I'm missing like half
the clip so I'm having to go home now I
was also just filming gaming videos with
Morgan all day I've just filmed three
and edited three gaming videos with
Morgan one for tonight so I'm going to
go home now and upload whilst uploading
the daily vlog one for tomorrow and one
for Friday because as you know I'm
trying to start getting ready and
filming in advance so that if I ever get
busy like Dublin I don't miss any
uploads oh sorry
that is the aim so overall it's been
productive but I'm having to head home
early it's four o'clock at the moment
because of them I'm missing half my
daily blog tips we're getting there guys
we are three minutes away from my daily
vlog being live I've just uploaded
scheduled a gaming video that I filmed
today to go live 6 o'clock
Wow that sunset looks incredible check
out that sunset man that is awesome
it's not often you get a proper nice
sunset like that in the UK guys if you
live abroad and you see that kind of
thing all the time
don't take it for granted that's
absolutely beautiful
ok two minutes now until my vlog goes
live the driving vlog my very very first
time even just changing gear just drive
in ten meters by myself the reason why I
got attacked into my office today was
because I haven't yet driven in a car
park
like going down to a lower ground or
going up to there up to a higher ground
like is so tight to turn that corner and
I don't I've only driven in my car for
an hour so I don't know the shape of it
yet and like the size of it so the first
time I want to do that is with Zoe so
that worse comes worse and I'm like Zoe
I gon do I'm scared I'm gonna scratch my
car then she can jump in the driver's
seat and help me out and I can gradually
get used to it so if you're thinking why
did I forget a taxi today to his office
it's because parking in a car park still
a little bit scary right let's go
downstairs see what Zoe is up to oh look
at these big old ten balloons I wonder
what they are for Lauri you put your
post up yet is it going up before this
vlog all right lieutenant post do you
want to tell them what it's for what the
balloons are ten million subscribers so
Zoe bought two balloons today as one and
A zero to take some pictures for ten
million subscriber blog post you wanna
see this one this is an uptake how do
you feel about ten million subscribers
ma why did you take that where's the
white wall no way that looks so good
yeah cool on that turnout we good dinner
come on come and help me get dinner
come and help me good dinner come on
we've just invented a new dance move do
you want to see it so the mechanics on
Sky Valentine's HD Oh blooming there we
go it's gonna be like Christmas again
you're gonna leave this on all day every
day come on let's show them our new
dance move come here come on let's show
you my dance maybe put it to music
okay I'll put it to music next time
we're at a party
this is like the warmer why wait wait I
need stock so I need to put music over
that 92 a music over the top thanks
alright what can be in my hands now
I'll get a get copyright edge
is that your dogs made hey how you doing
baby
are you passing by to be by let's try
them our quick little this is our odd
double dance move
how do we start up how do we go then we
start to spin yeah give me a half
Oh
my legs ache now I've got off climbing
in the minute that was hot right joining
up we cook my salmon what are you doing
right now we cook my summer because it's
stick it doesn't it smells delicious no
it stinks hey stink you know I've had
all day
rotten fridge can I've had all day
well the food didn't have breakfast
well that's incredibly naughty yeah
Morgan went to go meet his brother and
bought me two sausage rolls from Greg's
nice sausage and cheese and being
plastic well did we get told off oh my
god if you're going to Greg's you can't
get anything except a sausage bean
engine like the chicken baked is what I
want it but they didn't have any in
stock yeah the chicken baked they're
good chicken baked - the one from Greg's
right I think I'm gonna cook some some
oh no right I think I'm so from some Oh
No
what are you doing are you got a helmet
on so you're fishing and dinner is
served
I've got some quinoa with sauce always
ring a ding in me poppy and then I've
also got some salmon ello bubbled pop
old like Ronald but poppy hello all
right guys it is time to cut my hair
hurt my foot my feet overhead tour today
I just wanna hurt it's time to drive my
car by myself for the very first time
like properly by myself though isn't
coming with me I'm going to pick Shaun
up then I'm going to go get my office
keys off of Morgan because he left the
office after me today so he was still
sawing up some gaming stuff for me which
is nice of him and then and then I'm
gonna go pick max up I'm picking people
up that is crazy so hopefully when I
next vlog we're going to be in the in
the rock climbing place hopefully I
would have parked okay and driven okay
cuz I've got that an hour's drive right
now
guys I nearly instantly got in the wrong
side of my car I can nearly sat in the
passenger seat because that's all I'm
used to and I was like oh I'm the only
one here maybe I need to go in the
driver's seat man
I'm a little bit nervous but if I can do
this trip now then then I can drive
drive forever by myself everyone is
alive together all in one piece barely
shut up
we'll get all good everybody's don't
worry and got shoes and everything we're
back into what kind of place it's so
sick here right Sean's time first I then
you start both hands on here oh yeah
both hands on there then it ends up
around there somewhere
they've just redone all of the ones
since we last came Sean's going for the
grey going you got that yeah
God get that finger string switch hands
go home no letting go don't look down
switch hands yeah there we go now swing
round then catch this guy or here yep
gone is he gonna win there's only one
way to find out ah why did you jump down
max was literally like legs on the
opposite I got my camera he just jumps
the zombies insurance just savaging it
today I don't think me max know how how
do think even knows how or why
boy look at that yes boy kid
ah
No
I'm EJ have just eaten half of the pizza
and now I'm eating some chocolate cereal
which I never ever had chocolate what is
she doing what are you doing your little
floppy one you fastest deep nice to meet
you nice to meet you she said leave me
alone daddy I'm sleeping we're also
watching life which is one of those
programs by David Attenborough about
animals and yeah about life I've got
chocolate mouth about how animals and
plants have adapted to exist in life and
I love this kind of stuff I love like
slow-motion animals fighting and eating
or super fast ball plants growing really
zoomed in and really crazy crazy shots
it it's crazy to think that some of
these TV shows take like six years to
film and yeah you really have to
remember that and appreciate that when
you watch now today it's going to get
back to eat my chocolate cereal I'm
watching life with all new cameras not
even focusing there we go
with these ding all right guys it is
literally pitch black all the lights are
off now let's fast asleep and so sorry
sewing in the vlog if you enjoyed it
give it a big ol thumbs up I'll see you
tomorrow good night
I hope man I know my boy
please don't come near me okay he's gone
so Zoey drove the car from home over to
this field race I think it's called a
Kangol turn or something
