good morning guys today is a blooming
exciting day I've been doing like emails
and everything all morning
but it is now time for me to get in my
car and drive for the very first time
like without a driving instructor I've
still got Zoe with me but this time
obviously she doesn't have pedals
I passed like ten days ago yeah and then
I got insured on this car a couple of
days ago but we were in Island so I
haven't actually driven without my
driving instructor or like the examiner
at all you nervous you excited I'm so if
I can nail this you guys to my car it's
obviously bear in mind guys I'm learning
it I'm like I learned in a different car
- what I've got so this is bloomin
exciting yeah if I can get used to this
because all of you guys have been
commenting down below saying are you
still getting taxes to work yet you can
drive now you've passed what's happening
I wasn't insured yet but now I'm insured
it's all good and don't worry I'm
filming I've got my camera here unlucky
little things stuck on there on the
window but there I'm not going to be
looking at the camera there's no
distraction I'm just going to
concentrate fully on the road I've got
it will stuck there so I don't have to
hold it or anything I'm gonna see I'm
gonna see how it goes
are you excited I can hopefully drive
you excited yeah you're nervous
YUM oh okay I can't scare myself
we've also promised each other we won't
argue yeah we literally before min ago
we like a shake only because the other
the only other one time Alfie's ever got
in the driver's seat and this wasn't me
next thing this wasn't this car and also
I had like barely any essence it was
disastrous we didn't crash there was
nothing dangerous it was um it was in a
car park and I reversed quite fast and
Zoe was quite scared and then we had an
argument and then
at least redriver now maybe hopefully
hopefully you ready oh yeah yeah well
I've got to quickly do a three-point
turn because we're a dead I feel like I
should put a GoPro on the front of the
car the weird thing about about this car
is that it's got one of those uh was it
called like button hammer a how I'm
break I always worry you're gonna hit
your don't worry I know that look around
make sure there's nobody walking their
dog use or anything I'm gonna hit and
we're are on the real road now first
time changing gear got that don't you
worry
I'm not actually looking at the camera
I'm just holding it I'm looking around
any cameras at all I'm just driving
these guys is my give way get out my way
do you know the way home actually do you
know the way home I don't come near me
okay Scott so Zoe drove the car from
home over to this little place I think
it's called that hangul turn or
something is I super quiet a lot of
people learn to drive over here like
with their instructors and stuff and
then I thought I would I would take it
from here so if you're thinking this is
quite boring this is quite slow it's
because um
because we're in like a really quiet
president where we're actually a lot of
old people live I have to say guys alfie
is a very good driver I don't know why I
was so nervous the only thing that is
making it feel really sick is because
these brakes are so much more powerful
than his Lerner brakes
excuse my spot ease by the way having a
no makeup day and I just don't really
care and because Alfie's not used to
these braces we keep being up there like
so electric resin like this far and it's
like boom yeah so that's the eye which
is good dog we can't complain about the
brakes feel good yeah the brakes are
great that's fab but it's making me feel
quite sick because you're just getting
used to the brakes but we are now we're
gonna pick up poppy
because Poppy's coming around tonight
and then short is going to come around
after you finish work and we're gonna go
and do a little food shot all right
don't get too cocky hey hey and we're
gonna gonna pick poppy up and poppy have
also never driven with Alfie so that
will be interesting right turn this guy
off kick might get my keys out get me
out all good we also picked up poppy on
the way but let you guys know alright
let's head in Nala have you found out
what di in any eye is not a joint your
di n NER Sydney no way she worked that
out how have you worked that out
that is so Marla you can't say that Zoe
right sit down
go ahead good girl did I tell you that
I'm currently using my new camera
this one here this g7x that you're that
you're watching me on is my brand new
one my one that I was using yesterday
yesterday's video the little bit in the
car today is that the broken lens one
like the lens doesn't open and it's it's
all just bit master hopefully this is a
nicer new cleaner quality for you
I've just realized it's 5 p.m. by the
way I need to start editing the daily
log books we've been out in the car
driving for the last hour or so I've
just realized that I haven't even had
breakfast yet today so I'm finally
making some beans on toast because our
fridge looks like this there is
literally Philadelphia Jam milk and
that's it and some like pasta sauce is
that's about it so I'm just making some
beans on toast now to help I'm gonna
have a cheat a little gold chocolate bar
as well and I just wanted to thank you
so much or the sport recently thank you
for all the support in my driving and
believing in me that I've passed because
I passed and I'm so happy that I can
drive and today today was a big day
today oh that's hot
I should use this today was a big day so
thank you so much for helping me and
persuading me and bugging me to learn
how to drive and now I can finally do it
and on I'm comfortable my car I'm still
a little bit sharp on the brakes because
because obvious I'm not used to these
brakes and they're super duper duper
sharp so soon as put my foot down it's
like boom and but yeah I'm excited it
means I can start working out more go
and rock climb in and all the fun stuff
that I needed before to get taxis to I
can now do more often because I can just
drive myself tonight ok guys not a
glowing eye bogey of knowledge on my
finger my finger
yes noise he I didn't touch it right
Fernando a sofa no she got a B she's the
one with the I bow yes I don't even know
what they're called everyone in my
comments are gonna know what the bloomin
L is my bogey so pugs I don't if other
dogs get as well they sometimes just get
like little stringy bits eat sleep and
there are house there um
whoa what was he was he that pump II
would love this place in here
we got your present whilst we were in
Ireland I completely forgot
I just edited my vlog and we were buying
it in my blog yesterday there's nothing
like amazing I hope that's the designer
I learned not the same designer they
left the price on the back of them is it
literally the same joiners what you've
got yeah that's a new blog post a
puppy's coming up soon they're a good
size aren't they there's only thought
for like hummus and stuff like that they
can't be maybe better right now I need
to go and carry on all that no we were
in the shop and we were like this looks
exactly IG g yeah the same right I need
to go coming into my edit in my blog
we've come into we chose to do some food
shopping since we have nothing in the
fridge ghost wanders don't look very
good
look at those ones really high they look
mouldy to me
I've been Sean also with us Sean is
wearing the most cozy outfit in the
world it's got a gym shoes on and a
tracksuit
I'm so jealous also you know the camera
stuff that turned up early the digital
value that I wanted to it arrived and
Sean the ordinance acceptance that yet
he got it
Sean's got basically about eight days
ago I wanted a new camera lens like
adapter for one of my new campers I told
Sean that I ordered a he was armed so
jealous I'm going to order he ordered it
two days ago his has already turned up
on my order got cancelled
no I haven't been guided Jim I have it
go like this and then go all the way
down see okay God and you have to get
back up now back up yeah get your way
sorry you're John Wayne oh I seriously
other guys are your turn you ready the
Condor doesn't count
I wanna see if I can do I'm wondering if
we have to go there
I'll feign oh yeah just just start idiot
all right let's cook up some delicious
grub some grub Wow our kitchen has gone
from like the Tydeus thing in the world
for the messiest place in the world what
you can't let up a little tub of fishies
oh my gosh no meat boys it's meat so
much more skies we're going for like a
is it Greek like a mess a evenings
especially lots of small limit
evaporated I'm getting very lights so
basically lots of different little
dishes and that we can just pick from
and whatever you want you can have no
nothing is nobody's that makes sense
nothing is nobody's what do I mean by
that I mean like that's the one nothing
is no nothing is one big muffin ain't
nobody everyone it I'm not yeah for I've
been getting a bit obsessed with gin and
tonics recently is since we all went to
the to the treehouse so I bought lots of
little tonic waters and if we can get
this out look there we go got big old
fantasy bottle gin look at that and then
I love these so I try to buy eight of
these you didn't go I did yo look at
that that looks so good peer the
resistance
oh my doing this as well do you want
things yeah go for it
oh my dears yeah what's this thing here
it's called it omelet
it's an omelet it's pretty fast punished
omelet so this is basically the bit kit
that I've been that I ordered never
turned up it's called a meta bones
adapter so this lens on the front here
fits on a Canon camera and this makes it
so that you can have a Sony camera lens
going into a Canon camera lens so it's
like this big it's like a little piece
of tech here because Sean and I both
have these sony a7 hours but most my
lenses as you can see over here like
this one a Canon so it doesn't fit my
sony if you buy this little gadget here
then it means that you can use it on the
other camera
which is exciting stuff so exciting
several my talent bloom and and out I
know you need to order one look I like
that little stand there as well
yo this looks amazing doesn't it yeah
look at this this is yeah this is block
worthy
you should have blogged at got the
biggest piece of bread in my hand just
going in on the cheese never winding
dollar up so much no no it's okay baby
watch out crazy she goes oh look aha
it's okay baby
she does like a little scooty bumping
we've got some tiny little pancake kind
of things why are they we didn't make
them did we we just heated them up
where's this caramel this chocolate I
think that yes Taylor go on
don't hurt yourself haha
oh this is where she kisses him is now
know how much you wish that was you it's
time to go to bed now guys popping Sean
have just left it was so nice CNN both
of those I can't stop looking at my
camera up here in the little screen the
quality looks so much better than
yesterday's blogger said my look a bit
yellow because the light above me is
extra
new yellow I'm glad that I did get the
new camera because the quality looks so
clean right let me know what you think
of it in the comments below it is time
for me to change and put in some new
braces these are number don't doing 22
out of 25 so eight more weeks left of
braces and then whatever fully done like
this has been such a journey that we've
been on together it shows how long I've
been day to begin so only first day
yesterday that you could I got braces
when in reality I've had them for like
for 21 times too and I maybe even get 21
times 2 because 2 weeks each at so I've
had them for 42 weeks that is crazy
I'm still so excited that I am that I
can drive like it's crazy I was driving
out here for like an hour and there was
so much fun I was I was going to drop
bobbing back to there for that tonight
but Shaun and I had a gin and tonic with
dinner earlier so no drinking and
driving at all ever not even one sip and
driving it's just not worth it guys it's
not worth it don't drink and drive
yeah we're going to watch Luther what
episode we on season 3 episode 4 and
tomorrow I've got something super
exciting planned in the evening with
Sean and another friend of mine maybe
pop Ian's are you going to come I will
see you tomorrow morning bright and
early
I want to make two more productive
because today I didn't get me I think
a.m. was it called gaming video up and I
haven't missed a gaming video in the
last like two weeks or super bummed that
I didn't get one up today it was because
whilst I was obviously away in Island I
couldn't film any gaming videos and I'd
only filmed up in advance until Monday
so anyways I will try my best to never
miss a day again of course there'll be
days occasionally when I miss them when
I'm crazy busy buy a try and film in
advance so that I don't miss them for
you guys yeah I'll catch you tomorrow
I hope you're having a lovely evening
keep doing what you're doing keep up the
good work and stay positive just spread
positivity guys always spread positivity
I love you so much
and I'll catch you tomorrow
good did I say give the video a thumbs
up give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed much - good night alright so you
just come out shopping don't know where
we are but it's cool are they got a size
over there
