good morning guys and welcome to the
very last day in Dublin
I'm trying to work out where my food is
they've bought this this little thing
with my breakfast on there but I don't
know how I get the food out it's like
I'll here it is it's like hidden in like
a little container at the bottom like
this is like a bank gevalt
let's see what we got let's see what we
got in here oh I think this might be
mine oh it's hot in there as well it's
really hot in there put that there
well so we got in here Oh powered in one
of these skin on my hand did I blow my
neck it's over here we've got some
pancakes some buttermilk pancakes to Zoe
oh look at that little bits there and
then this should be my porridge man that
looks delicious aren't even got a lot I
forgot I ordered a latte it's probably a
bit cold by now we've had a late start
today I've had a late start today anyway
as you saw at the end of yesterday's
vlog I joined up hanging out and
chatting with bin Brown in the lobby
it's so wid these here at the same time
as us like a complete coincidence
allistic of this you always have to
watching the vlogs
mr. mulatto just look so pleasing and
something that looks sick did you say
yeah Zoe's laughing at me for that did
you see it Hey what do you mean that was
great why are you taking the mick out
myelitis no but when you stir it and
then it all goes one like goes to M you
won't understand you don't like coffee
there we go now we can just chat look at
my hair today I'm done anything so I got
in last night into the hotel room at
about quarter to three or you guys
nearly fell off and about quarter to
three so I woke up quite late today at a
slow start we've extended the room for
an hour so we can check out one o'clock
rather than twelve o'clock which is nice
that they've allowed us to do that so I
really need to eat my breakfast drop my
butt in the shower and then I need to
edit the day
because as soon as we leave this hotel
whatever what we doing today are we
going to go shopping yeah then we're
going to go around and try to central
there's a place what was it called that
some one of you guys or quite a few of
you guys suggested us to go today I was
a cool Dundrum that was it wasn't that
done Dundrum Dundrum Dundrum like a
shopping place apparently in Dublin
that's really good time to check if
we've left anything behind
I know I've left my wig that somebody
bought me my Ireland wig my little wig
meet Ryan I returned you guys there's
somebody gave me this yesterday anything
else any phone chargers or anything I
always get so nervous I'm going to leave
something behind anything in the drawer
is it just me that always gets nervous
that I'm going to leave something behind
do we need bottle of water alright you
did as I said thanks a million thanks a
million
oh oh yeah crusty I forgot you guys you
guys in Ireland say thanks a million and
you say crusty meaning bad oh so crusty
back in the golden left I like these
doors I love it when lift doors close
and you can see yourself you I love that
your camera does a hook baloney my
bloomin lens don't let me get home guys
or to look like I'm wearing a salmon
wearing like a salmon color top today
yeah this boy here is chasing the car
for so long last time I do you know his
name no I I want to know his name you're
in the vlog alright you just come out
shopping
don't know where we are but it's cool
our they've got a size over there damn
it I've got a 90-pound size out two at
home I should have bought it we don't
really know what to expect that puppy
would love this place in here that's
kind of like the one in my office
it's me for Christmas
join your own fun yeah love that's
amazing don't mean yeah I want to get
that how about my office yeah isn't it
that's so cool I really like this place
yeah I like look at this this is so cool
then if you guys can probably see see
the see just coming into their poor now
guys I've been fast asleep in this car
that's the driver to take us on a longer
route a nice chilled Ruthann to double
as long as getting here
just for that nice scenery my scenic I'm
so tired I can't even blog I'm so tired
hai-yah wagon II yeah cold oh yeah okay
thank you
today's thank you
you've got yours here we go that's nice
and quick wasn't now back at the car I
do this it is cold
I've got a mess of eggs oh I get them I
will just leave my back here
it worked at watch
somebody good doggy
hey baby we haven't seen you in ages
you excited excited one I know guys she
has done so well she's been we went away
three days ago and she's been in here
for three days
haha I'm joking
but I need to go quickly pause the TV
I'll show you why in a minute
Joanna take back the toilet we've
basically had a friend how every time we
leave the house for anything more than
like a day now we never even leave the
house empty for one night but because of
the guinea pigs so we always have a
friend stay here and obviously because
we can't take Nala away to Dublin with
us we had a friend stay and look after
Nala as well as the guinea pigs
pause wise are the superstar vloggers
yes right so I paused it in time and
basically let me take my jacket off I
don't have I told you actually think
I've blocked when I was filming it Jim
Chapman is basically doing a documentary
on BBC three it is out by the time
you're watching this it well um
yesterday which is today for me about
this rise of superstar vloggers I don't
that's not what I call myself but yeah
I'm like a big big chunk of the
documentary I think I'm in it for like
nine or twelve minutes yeah cause there
we got there in time we were like coming
back from there was like so here we go
back in twelve minutes it starts in 12
minutes and we haven't seen it yet so
I'm so excited to see how it came out
I'm in there Joe sugg is in it who else
is in obviously Jim's in it
yeah they did Joe I think I think ksi is
in it I'm not you're basically lonely
people are in there and it's a really
really cool documentary all about like
the inside of YouTube and how we feel
about and loads of my Amazon is this my
new camera equipment is my new camera
equipment there please tell me that pink
one is mine
please tell me that one's mine please
tell me it's mine no it's not yours no
it's not I'm just taking my trousers off
don't block my pants I've been waiting
for a big parcel for so long why is this
yo guys it's not the new lens that I
wanted but it is the new vlogging camera
because as you know I complain so much
right this from being broken got my new
vlogging camera okay so tomorrow the
vlogs will start crystal-clear very good
quality for you I'm so happy
yo now what is in this one here I got a
short cable look how nice that is
there's an iPhone like charger but it
just looks really nice and then I also
got a three meter one three meters to
have in my office and this I went to
charge PlayStation controllers from my
office for gaming videos we're just
waiting for some food to be delivered
because the time is currently five
minutes past 9:00 and we'll just
obviously arrive time so we don't really
have time to cook anything because it's
already quite late and our fridge looks
like that so empty so we've got nothing
to cook everyone on my Twitter is up to
date so everyone's going crazy and
sending me like screenshots of me on it
and stuff like Brighton Beach here guys
know I'm on the proper TV
turn up a bit sorry and it's given birth
to a new breed of celebrity how you
doing
Alfie deyes and his logging girl Fresno
Ella our internet royalty when visitors
to London's Madame Tussauds were asked
who should be this year's addition to
their last work Hall of Fame Zooey and
Alfie received more votes than any other
celebrity I've known our faces we were
both starting out as mothers I wanted to
find out when you first realized making
videos could be more than just a hobby I
was working like four hours a week
just a weekend job in a clothes shop in
town it's over it was so good I've just
taken off all of my clothes just in my
boxes under under Dubey because I just
also cozy and tired although I slept for
like an hour in the car on the way to
the airport I don't even I know I tried
to vlog on anyone ever made any sense I
was just like us it was like why is this
so loud if you're watching Jimbo you
absolutely smashed it well done well
done to everybody who was involved it
was so so good and I'm really proud to
be a part of it all Jim you're the man
you smashed it you did so good did us
all proud team internet is doing
something else good again I love it and
we've just finished eating Wagga Mama's
I'm so tired
should be to bed yeah come then let's go
to the toilet first all right let's get
you a nice yummy three or let's get you
an extra fishy one the ones that daddy
hates good go into bed
there we go good girl baby right we'll
see in the morning
