Oh morning guys how are you doing look
yourself look at you look at you here in
the camera you look so good today you
love blooming awesome
I am currently getting ready for the day
do my teeth doing my hair doing my face
and everything like that
trying to make myself look acceptable
I've just finished a workout at the gym
but you may not believe I tried to film
I'll insert a clip here but my camera
battery ran out of charge this one is
about to run out of charge as well I
think I've got one spare one with me
and I forgot my camera charger great one
of me I've been listening to Zane's new
song all morning and now I was there
listening to the karaoke carpool from
James Corden a One Direction Zoey is
currently on her book signing she is
signing books for you guys I think she's
meeting like hundreds of you today but
she's nearly finished so I think we're
gonna go grab some lunch together soon I
don't know what else that don't work
that what the other plans are all I know
is that Dublin today you're not so sunny
you're not a Sunny's you were yesterday
I mean you're not reading I don't really
know I'm not really sure what else we're
gonna be doing today I don't know what
the plans are although knows they were
getting lunch together and then it's up
to us but I'm not really too sure what
there is to do in Dublin I should
probably look on TripAdvisor on them
because the last time I came I did all
of the press that I did all of their
like TV shows and all of the radio shows
and all stuff like that so I spent most
of my time in interviews when I came for
my book signing but I think we've got
like today after lunch so I'm more or
less free to just hang and do what we
want so I need to try and think of so I
might just ask you guys on Twitter what
cool fun things are to do in Dublin do
you like my new t-shirt I think I've got
the same one in grey but I bought it the
other day and I haven't worn it yet I
quite like it it's just like big and
floppy and I've got a little vest on
underneath just to keep me warm
but yeah today I'm feeling good I hope
you're having a lovely day I hope you're
feeling inspired I hope you're doing
something that scares you today every
single day I try and do at least one
thing that either challenges myself or
scares me I think it's really really
important to set yourself goals and
getting a bit deeper now one I just do
something today that scares you
something that you've always wanted to
do but you've been too scared to do
don't worry about anyone else do it for
you this is your life you're living and
make it amazing because you never know
what's gonna happen tomorrow guys you
never know what's just around the corner
and I don't mean that in like a scary
horrible way but I'm just being serious
so you never know what's going to happen
so make the most of today
don't waste it get up early like I
didn't go to the gym mom jacket don't go
to the gym like I did
don't waste it going to the gym spend
your time doing more fun better things
I'm joking I did I did actually enjoy
the gym this morning I find it hard
training by myself because I don't push
myself as hard as I would be pushed if I
was with a friend or with a trainer or
somebody making me work out I'm gonna
crack on edit in today's daily blog and
I will catch you in a little bit once
the Zoe has finished her signing and
we're hanging out or something three two
one Oh
whiplash you're my neck I was like oh
right I need to stop messing about I
should have a coffee that's what I
should do you guys know how hyper I get
when I have coffee because I didn't
drink coffee for like a year so now
whenever I drink coffee it makes me go
like crazy in the head man that was
weird I might go and edit my video
downstairs in the hotel like dining room
me chilling out areas because then then
I and then I can get a coffee I'm really
want a coffee
I want a coffee I want a New York guapi
I'm just down in the little hotel lobby
bear just got a latte I was gonna try
and edit the daily vlog but I just
realized that I've forgotten the SD card
reader would read the memory card from
this to her to put onto my laptop and us
up in odomes i can't edit the blog
however i'm just editing some gaming
thumbnails ready for
this week coming up and just got the
sink is looking lowered a check out look
at that party look how cool that latte
is yo look at that get your bum in how
is your thing yeah are they all friendly
the Dublin bunch is a very lovely bunch
of people isn't they're very eager oh
look at that Vespa that's what I want
Tom what's your verdict on me getting a
Vespa I wouldn't encourage it why not
you ready to say yes don't tell Zoe that
no guys we've ordered everyone's gone
for chicken except from Tom he's gone
for hey is it hake but that does look
good this smells like a really posh
giant chicken Kiev dunno think okay okay
Oh God there we go right we're back from
having lunch that was absolutely crazy
somehow I don't understand you guys you
always find out where we are what we're
doing at what time and everything in
like insane I didn't even know what
restaurant we're going to we just got
that security Silas you guys know Silas
the security that will work with
whenever we do trips he like booked all
took us there in like a blacked-out car
and everything like that yet when we get
there there's like so many of you
outside I have no idea how and then when
we came out there was just like 50 of
you waiting outside so obviously we had
no pictures review it was lovely so
thank you for coming and saying hi we're
now back at the hotel
zoe is editing a new video with marcus i
am editing my daily vlog to go up
tonight that was yesterday for you guys
and the simpsons has just come on the TV
and i love the Simpsons so much as oh
he's not really into the Simpsons
whenever it's on she asked she's like
can we
change channel so because she's editing
she's got headphones on she's not going
to ask me to change the channel so now
I've just got there oh I'm going to edit
my vlog but I kind of want to watch The
Simpsons there's some people outside
look all out there the gods yes hey man
how you doing is happy good there's a
girl outside
paedon yeah I know there's a gal outside
called Shauna who had a ticket see Zuri
today but didn't get to meet her because
she was like five minutes late is it
possible to go outside i think whats her
twitter twitter is Pixie zoella just ask
somebody I'm sure they'll all know each
other and then she can just like come up
and grab a picture of us I had like a
two hour slot where I could do my sunny
because Easons had to open and it was
about 5:00 - and I finished everybody so
I went up to the green room grab my
stuff in fact there was a couple of
girls who were running a bit late who
came up to my green room and I got to
say hi and stuff but then one person
just must have not been able to come up
and I've just seen on my Twitter she's
that she's saying I didn't get to meet
you I had a ticket but they told me that
you were leaving so I wasn't allowed any
guys you can't be pretending this like
of course we're gonna check that she's
got a ticket and everything we hoped
that she wouldn't lie so in the future
don't between saying oh I had a ticket I
can't give me you
I'm sure this girl haven't done that
we've been reading through it we're
tweets and like yesterday she was like I
can't wait to get a picture of Zoe
tomorrow can't me to wait to meet Zoe so
we knew that she has actually got to get
January 20 since I've never been so
prepared something before are they on
for Sunday I really think she had a
ticket and she's outside there is a lot
of people outside that she's not really
allowed to like building and building so
we can afternoon tea so we were like
maybe we should go out and was actually
that's probably not very safe so we're
getting sure not to come here
yeah so we just trying to sign this
security man you guys know Silas
and as you heard we need to like tidy
the room I feel I would need to like
have it presentable for her maybe she
could nap she can have one of our cakes
if the food comes fast so hopefully yeah
he's gonna go outside and going up and
bring them up here nod I know they know
who Silas is afternoon tea has arrived
look at this
we've got stripy cakes and these ones
are battle bear so yeah when you're
younger wait who's what we doing on this
I'll just take a load of photos there we
go
fair fair thank you so much for coming
up I'm glad you finally got to meet Zoe
and everything of course
show them your need you're chasing the
car and fell over and you cut your knee
stained this match in Zoe's bruise now
it's all good
Zoe and I canti doing a live show I've
just styled her hair and she doesn't
seem too impressed by it but I blame it
on her because she only gave me one one
hair band let me let me show them oh my
god that's so funny basically I did
three plat so it's gonna pack the three
together but I only got one hairband so
I couldn't carry on but we're we're live
right now hello
alright these bloomin blends joy and
Bing sort out our dinner is here I've
also got the hiccups it goes just to
wake up in and you can't understand me
oh there we go I've got a sub cheese and
chicken pasta Zoe's gone for ate too
much to all and it's good tomato soup
some bread some mash some garlic bread
and then another caprese salad a cheeky
little gin and tonic that what I'm gonna
do so I'm going to drag this oh oh
drag that across so I can sit down eat
and Zoe's not really hungry just yet so
she's going to eat in a second kind of
realized that since I've been downstairs
to have been I didn't even know if I've
told you that Ben's here let me spin you
around there we go look who it is what's
happenin chumps how come you're here
well what you dip it I mean it's kind of
long story but basically my girlfriend
Nicole can't get a visa for anywhere in
Europe other than Ireland because she's
from South Africa so we just thought
we'd have a holiday in South Africa in
South Africa in Ireland in Ireland I've
had one too many
you know is right now time is 221 is in
the alien a new 21 the last time I spoke
to you it will be like I probably having
dinner
I like 10 o'clock look I got my hair so
just lay up just for a beanie on its
Nicole at Fosters my hair is a mess
like when I left her so it's just text
me like whatever you I can't sleep
properly you've been ages I'm like man I
told I told it I'll be like an hour or
so we've been chatting we see so four
hours literally I don't even know what
we've spoken about we never catch a
feeling this is like when I see Louie I
never see him and then when I do we just
like chapped it's the same you Jillian
area as well yeah I see him three or
four times a year
yeah once I constantly mines quarterly
to see living you know have a catch-up
Diaz good see them and you man sleep
well half to octane you spend bends
light traveling through island for the
next week or so strange little road it
will check out his videos and stuff Zoe
and I are heading back tomorrow so if
you like the islet and stuff you can
carry on following it
he's been having he's been having
guinnesses tonight yeah I've had one or
two of these or never drink yeah we've
no dinner as well
never drink Guinness unless you're in
Ireland yeah Irish Guinness is the best
skin as you'll ever have it I say that
by often had one this time I show you up
when tomorrow at the airport
definitely I'll get one at the airport
tomorrow I've been I had a future innit
honest look at this this right so I
can't show you I can let me show you
what I film my daily vlogs on can you
see that little camera dad right there
that is what I film my daily vlog sure
and you can see yourself
this is what bender floors on look at
this I mean dude is that come in but
that is commitment look at that
extension right there yeah look at this
imagine imagine me in the street like
this I mean that's very zoomed in on
your nostrils right now he needs to zoom
that guy's I know I feel yeah it's it I
mean I'm only positive is that you don't
have to go to the gym if you use that if
you never have to work out your arms
wait we should head to bed okay it's
late good night dude
Cheers all right I don't even know when
I'll catch you next
all right guys I'm all tucked up into
bed how are you doing I just want to end
this vlog by saying thank you so much
for all this for boss we've been here in
Dublin
it's not even will not we've been here
for me we're literally here for Zoey's
book sign in but there was just so many
of you it's been so overwhelming and I'm
so happy that with the opportunity to
meet every single one of you that was
outside earlier on we got our security
guard Silas to bring everybody inside in
their little group of friends and have
like pictures with us inside in either
like meeting area of the hotel I suppose
like a really nice background so it was
so lovely to meet all of you who
literally met every single one who was
waiting outside
both the restaurant when we were having
lunch and the hotel tonight as soon as
it started raining and everything we'd
finished our what did we have what's it
called like afternoon tea like the
little cakes and everything that you saw
earlier we brought all of you inside and
have pictures with you and everything so
I'm super super glad we could do that
and you weren't all out waiting in the
cold in the rain and stuff and we got
you'll inside thank you so much for
being you thank you so much for being
amazing I'm very sorry that there was no
main Channel video tonight it is gonna
be up soon in the next couple of days
and hopefully I've got a couple planned
hopefully it's going to be the one with
my mum
not there is also another exciting one
that I've got planned coming that I've
been doing for the last like five years
older say we're going to get some fun
tomorrow so be excited let us know in
the comments what what you think we're
going to get up to because I never know
what we're going to go up to yet I'll
catch you then good what is this happen
and Troy is on the radio while Soviet
ten million
