oh my god guys will be attacked by two
bugs again I surrender
take everything you want D my not talk I
don't mind
okay ah oh my god someone is so excited
look at him Bo oh my god
oh is happening today it was - it was on
2:30 this morning
I know oh my gosh 10 million a service
in all my daily vlogs that you always
hit your yeah your numbers 10 million
the 10 mil adding an extra digit you're
the first girl in the UK probably one of
the first girls in the world
that's probably any couple fuzzy boy
I've got a couple of questions to ask
you not you I'm speaking to bars a
YouTube's going to be good are you going
to be good whilst mummy and daddy are
away Nala no no you two going to be good
whilst we go away yeah make sure you
look after each other don't fight you
can give each other kisses and cuddles
buzz it's like proper listening to me
knowledge like dad shut up embarrassing
me for my brother okay see you later
Easter listener good boy good morning
guys what does this happen
and Troy is on the radio while Soviet
ten million million that's like an
extra-wide
if thrown at the beginning
ten million that must be more than nice
of massive country
10:03
even if we never Google so you
officially have more subscribers than
the people are live in Hong Kong
how you did it
no you did it I was too distracted
waiting for Susie we may have missed on
the other okay for miles but you have
more subscribers than we will inhibit
Hong Kong Bulgaria Switzerland Austria
Somalia Bolivia Dominican Republic
Sweden Chad the entirety of Sweden every
all subscribers apparently due to
Wikipedia Norway Singapore p.m. will be
will they live in Singapore subscribe to
our YouTube videos
uruguay and accompany the cg hundred
switzerland
congratulations like excited but I'm so
scared to kill this airplane there is
quite anxious and flying noise alright
Doka mafia judge calmly I feel like when
we get to Dublin like then I could be
freaking gets room service you get some
pizzas we can have a party ten million
ten million all right
report to car it's time to head in I
haven't even told you guys over go in
yet today you'll find out throughout the
globe what's happening what's going on
thank you well you having a nice day
thank you for the sport on the blogs
recently it has been absolutely crazy
all the stuff with the book I haven't
even seen this case on this one
with Ariana
and just look at that
Anala sticker a harlot anazao pista can
add an oval sticker look at that Xavi
come oh I've seen that I've seen people
tweet me this comic
I still haven't shot my camera boarded
the plane
I haven't even told them was done yet
watching Caroline tyrants yeah
my high is about to fall off laughing my
head
look how nice the weather I've even told
them on going
haven't you join a Chatham Harbor going
why we're going I don't
try watching the video we are on our way
to double it because Zoe has got a book
signing tomorrow which is exciting look
at the winner
it's not such a bad day okay there it's
so nice so it's getting instrument are
you've stopped now got the Instagram
about to land Michigan -
yo
hello Dublin hello ello ello it's cold
in here isn't it
stay in here as if in Dublin we were
right and we just met one of you guys at
the airport thank you for coming to st.
- did which that's jumped in the car now
and head off to our hotel or this is
lovely
did you have a nice way right yeah
maybe maybe I did maybe I didn't I can't
help if they just leave us chocolate on
the side of course I have to eat there
bring the charger down with you we've
come here our hotel room is amazing look
how short you are I just did such a good
flight didn't I again I go good like
crazy like it was the best light I think
I've ever done like anxiety way so I'm
really happy with myself and going I'm
gonna be now I'm going home is gonna be
even easier because you know you're
going home as well
that's what left touch work just in case
of course it's gonna be easier so we're
gonna go downstairs now and we're gonna
go and guess also we've got some crazy
cool building opposite are opposite I've
room I'll show you that like another day
another day another time are you looking
for the room key I just have it in my
hand oh there is there yes I did I also
ate what was I even saying yes that was
the one we are going down for lunch
that's the weird lamp
it's got like a table halfway up the
lamp he's got a heavy old bag isn't he
and I don't know what do you think of my
new jumper by the way guys I feel like I
haven't probably started this blog I
feel like I've just been like when the
airport I'm not telling you now we're no
here and now we're suddenly in Dublin
we're in Dublin I don't know what else
to say now I just felt feel like I
wanted to properly introduce and say hey
hey don't let's start with another good
morning guys
what did you wish for here sighs I told
you that to mash this is the best hotel
right yesterday after working in the
office I popped in to American Apparel
and I've what look so crease and weed in
this video now I look like I'm likes got
some rags on but I bought this new
a jump pretty sure thing I haven't got
anything on underneath I just weren't as
a curtisha at anything now it might be a
jumper think that's the bathroom what do
you think about I told you this is when
I when I came for my book signing to
Dublin I stayed in this hotel and I when
we when we talked about which hotel just
stay in women come in for Zoey's book
signing I was like please can you book
this hotel I stayed in it before and it
was amazing and is it or is it not
insane so lovely and also the room
service menu which is very important is
24-hour and it's me right we're gonna
get killed because these guys are going
to be hungry when you throw down stairs
let me out Dom's bags heavy in there
every old boy that's the biggest door
handle I've ever seen no maybe it's to
hang stuff something on the door my
finally downstairs having lunch hi
almond actually never like property
silverware everything you've got salads
and very healthy chicken salads and me
aside us have gone for what we have lost
time actually is now just the same thing
this just makes me so happy just the
fact that you don't get any any pips
just having a little bit of like cloth
there I don't know how I'm gonna eat two
bagels how good didn't I tell you the
salmon was good your chicken looks good
as well I don't know if I filmed my hot
chocolate or not but oh my gosh got
 to me oh it was it was light
dark hot chocolate was so strong my
stomach feels like it's going to explode
I don't if that was a good mix oh I had
English breakfast tea then I had pot two
pots of it but two teapots ability then
one cup of tea refer me up then I had
then I I'd realize what I was a drunk
then I had two salmon and cream cheese
me two salmon cream cheese bagel two
halves of water for one act then oh yeah
then better day no way I'd more fed more
than No
two large glasses of water and I don't
my stomach I just said I'm going to
explode two large glasses of water and
then a hot chocolate and then a like
half of Zoe's dessert I'm even going to
fall asleep or passed our don't quite
know which one's going to happen first
we're gonna go down to the spa and chill
in this bar will BOTS from in shorts and
swim in bikinis I'm going to have that I
can't even say your belly I've got a
bagel belly over your oh um oh my gosh
yeah we're gonna go down to the spa now
so I don't even know if I'm gonna vlog I
might not log in this by in case there's
people in the background it don't
obviously want to be filmed in their
bikinis and swimming shorts I don't even
know what it's gonna be like I know
there's a pool probably a sauna or
something I join it
I love saunas right only have a five
minute lay down then I'm gonna get
changed I'll catch you later at some
point whenever that I'm gonna burn up
we're down at the pool now we turn the
cam around because there's people in
this room boiler I don't want to be
filmed
start you know there
you excited why you stroking the wall
huh dinner time dinner time dinner Tom
my gosh this looks so bloomin good are
you ready
is it good you've already started much
we got caprese is that caprese starter
or something oh sorry oh please a salad
or something
Pizza something for the bread I think my
special pasta mashed potato chips chips
chips and a chicken broth soup my gosh
is it going on nice we're never gonna
finish this
once again our eyes were definitely
bigger than our tummies no I think I
might be able to smash this you know
honestly I'm so hungry
what shall I go so fast my pasta
Monsieur broth your seat yeah maybe I
left my seat Cassius do any of you know
that I eat with the wrong way I put my
fork in my right hand
that's not normal apparently
nice ya know very nice chicken vegetable
broth wall over there hmm
I kind of forgot to end this vlog I fell
asleep at like 9 p.m. until 1:00 in the
morning then woke up and at the rest of
my food that I didn't manage to finish
eating because I fell asleep most eating
in bed literally fell asleep in bed so
yeah thank you for watching today I hope
you enjoyed it I hope you're proud of
Zooey and 10 million million million
million million subscribers that
unbelievable give the video a big ol
thumbs up if you enjoyed it
you're happy for Zoey and join us insane
message 10 million 10 million subscriber
message that's being paralysed
got your quick voices Henry Scott
message look like this I just said a
little temporary subscribe message you
coulda just said thank you thank you so
much to everybody who subscribed to my
channel I can't believe there's that
many of you now but are all a big family
and you're all my big family and I love
you big old family 10 million people
right I'll catch you tomorrow which is
actually the day that I'm filming this
of course she said thank you
which is actually the damn filming this
so see you tomorrow good night
I feel like I'm little like a kid in
your bath in me like my mom missus said
with liquid younger good liquid yoga
