morning guys hello today has been a
productive morning I got a crazy joy
tell you do I show you I can't show you
I'm not allowed to show you but I can
tell you I got or shouldn't probably hit
it I got this this morning which is like
a new kind of shower is I'm squeezed you
can't tell it is one of those things you
have to feel it is all of my third book
finished like completely finish so as
you know I've been writing this third
book for blooming ages now and I don't
even know if I've told you much about it
I should probably do that sometime soon
because it's coming out in like March I
think it's coming out the end like the
24th of March that's what I think it is
so I've written all of this book and
alright let me put you down let me be
honest with you let me tell you some
stuff alright here we go right the way
in which my third book has happened
we're going straight into it in today's
vlog but a minute I need to show you my
breakfast to my lunch yet so the title
of my third book is called the scrapbook
of my life I came up with this because I
basically wanted to do I don't want to
do like a biography because obviously
I'm only 22 so I've still got a lot of
my life to live yet hopefully but I
wanted to give people more of an insight
because you guys love these daily vlogs
I wanted to almost create like a daily
blogs from my whole life going back
while then going forward so I came up
the idea to do a scrapbook of my life
and it literally looks like a journal
like a scrapbook it's not like the
pointless book it's not like that kind
of thing it's like a scrapbook of my
life so I literally started I got where
is it I don't know where it is I got a
notepad and I've asked my publishers how
many pages the book needed to be and I
just wrote on all of the pages
pretending it was going to be like to
finish
look the daily vlog suffered a little
bit I didn't get to do as much in my day
for you guys in these videos because I
was just at home writing all day or in
the office writing okay but the book is
done I finished writing the last page
last week the same day as my driving
test I finished I think and now it's all
just been printed whatever on two pages
like like a book and I've got to go
through and check that I'm happy with
everything that I've written because I
haven't read one page back yet I've
heard the entire book and I haven't even
read a page back I should probably do
that so that's today's task is to go
through this the book so far I've got
like five days to go through it make any
changes that I want to make and stuff so
I've seen I've seen like most of it
already
that as we're going along we've been
going through it back on it and stuff
and I'm so so happy with it
alright this arrived this morning at 8
o'clock and I haven't yet opened air and
this is like oh just open it sugar I
don't have to do this if my book
publishers are watching it this is
already online there's nothing we can do
I'm not gonna ask if I'm allowed to do
this or not
do you see it's printed like this okay
you can't see the pages but that's the
that's one like the scrapbook for my
life happy days and then obviously all
of these are just the pages that I've
written if you're excited about three
let me know in the comments guys I
cannot wait to go through this later on
and check it out and then let you guys
oh my gosh a MyLab Street I've got like
a mock front cover in there of the book
I don't even have to show you I don't
know if I'm allowed I'm not going to
show you today but it is blemings shall
I just do it anyway I feel like I'm
gonna get in so much trouble
okay wait so much trouble for doing this
guys why are you encouraging me not
meant to be doing this move
showing you this stuff are you ready to
see the front cover of book number three
the guy that doesn't my merchandise
designs I worked with him on their
design for this often when you're doing
a book the publishers do the book we
like their design in the front cover in
that for you I did this with my own
designer because this book I just want
it to be like completely from me like
I've written all the pages I've helped
design the front cover I've done yeah
this book this book is basically my life
that's what it is so I wanted it to
really really come from me I'm nervous
to show you this guy's I'm so happy with
it though you ready this is it so it
says the scrapbook of my life alfie
deyes
and then at the bottom there stop Jen it
says from the number one best-selling
author how mad is that look at this it's
all like bumped in I can't really show
you but it's like pushed in can you see
that can you see that imagine that
imagine that in a shop on the side the
scrapbook of my life and then down the
side as well has my little can you see
let me try and focus it on there for you
come on there we go do you see the
little PB logo yeah I'm so excited I'm
so excited it's gonna be sick you can
pre-order it right now I wasn't even
planning on promo in my book this wasn't
meant to be self promo at the beginning
of my video I'm just so excited guys
it's gonna be so sick right if you do
want to grab a copy before I get on with
the rest of the day vlog I'll leave a
link down below where you can pre-order
I haven't even told you guys you can
pre-order me yeah I haven't even done
anything I might try and sign a ton of
the pre-orders if I can or something
like that so I don't know I'm gonna do
everything I possibly can to make this
book as awesome as possible for you and
I will try and sign a load of copies or
yeah all right let's get on with the day
I have taken off the morning with some
porridge I woke up and I got to the
office early enough this morning to pop
in to pray get some porridge normally as
you know when I go to prayer I have to
get like a sandwich or a baguette or
something today I was up early enough to
get a porridge so I'm happy I haven't
even eaten it yeah and we even got even
one cheap little pot of honey to go with
it even one little pot of honey and of
course got a latte as well and I'm just
about to head it down here on my laptop
about to edit the daily vlog so yeah
it's an exciting day Morgan is on his
way to the office now so it's gonna help
me out do some gaming videos and sort
out a PC with me and stuff I'm gonna
record some gaming videos I'm gonna go
through all of my book I've just planned
last night I planned my new main Channel
video for this Sunday I will speak to
you in a little bit I'm such a good mood
I've had a coffee I woke up early and
women showed you this even though I may
not be allowed I hope I don't get in too
much trouble the daily vlog is hardest
camera is so I'm going to let you order
a new one in a second Morgan is working
away trying to get this screen capture
basically when you work or gaming videos
obviously you have to like record the
screen so that you guys can see what's
happening in the game I'm the worst with
PC so Morgan's helping me out do it
helping me out do it helping me do it
and it's complicated
I've literally no idea what's happening
with that we've download you know the
games that we want to play loads of good
games the game is looser but generally
recording the games so haven't decided
whether it is a good idea or not that
I've told you about the book
but I've kind of just figured out that I
know I should've caught some management
or I should have called the book
publishers to at least ask but if I show
you it first without telling them then
you're gonna know and there's nothing
they can do about it so fingers crossed
everything goes okay and you guys are
allowed to know I'm now just off walking
up to town because Morgan is helping me
out with some like gaming stuff and I've
only got one Mouse and the iMac in his
mouse and the PC needs Mouse so the
moment we're having to share taking
turns I'm gonna go and buy a new Mouse
hey there's another funky bass check
that one out that's cool it's better
than that one Morgan probably should
have helped me out with this bet and
then it was a good Mouse and which one
isn't there's like 20 different options
just got home guys yesterday on Twitter
of nalla paiyan little Hedgehog toy she
was so cute I missed her so much today
say oh confident blue and choose him go
on get in there
there we go hello hello hey sleepy baby
oh you tired
look I just rest my head on me even wake
up when you open the door you tired baby
okay I just rest in her head hello you
in there no that is Li lay down
haha come on dougie come on good girl we
gonna order some food and watch some TV
all right do I need anything my bag
I don't need didn't think my bag however
I still have not had a chance today to
go through the books done so the plan
for tonight is to order the most
delicious takeaway in the world whilst
watching TV on the sofa with Zoe and
then after I've eaten I need to let me
close with the blinds then after I've
eaten I need to go through all of my
book and make sure it's bloomin amazing
for you guys
foods here right let's sit ah already
the door Zoe and I always order from
different places because why does my
table always the purple in this camera
it's not even bad oh I don't think it is
anyway let me tell you something
you're only tiny you're not gonna scare
anyone away you're not a guard dog go
down the sofa normally she just stands
there barking away trying to scare the
delivery people Zoe's food has just
arrived as well
hey that Bush Guetta thing looks so good
wrong apparently bruschetta whatever
that thing looks so good what have you
been texting Leon a picture on it
happened hello hello mr. Negi ed ah
great one camera focus hello there we go
zoey is tucked up like a burrito
literally so wrapped up and knowledge
licking her feet as usual we finished
having dinner it was absolutely
delicious I just smashed it all and now
it's time I've got a literally nice line
I'll show you my nice little prepared
line different sharpies to go through
all of my book and make notes and make
changes and adapt things that I feel
need to be changed
like 75 pages into the book of going
through oh my gosh this camera I've
ordered a new camera earlier on guys
the exact same one they're just a new
ones that it's not broken I'm 75 pages
into correct in the book I've just been
going through with a sharpie all right
guys I'm now all tucked up in bed my
brothers it's because the light is
nothing we guys I'm using my phone to
light up my face the time you don't even
want to know the time doorman show you
the time should I show them yeah do you
even know the time yeah we would just
burn our let's bed are you going to can
see it on the screen it's 2:15 I've
literally been working on my book I'm
like 76 pages in or like going through
names going through and like correcting
it and stuff you can hold the light up
for me yeah awful that looks so much
better you're almost gonna love chatting
in bed I'm so tired
now you wake me up what was I even
saying no yeah I'm 76 pages into like
going through in correcting and dude
spelling changes and word changes and
describe this better and stuff like that
for my book I'm trying to make it as
good for you guys as possible but I've
got so much more of my book to write by
tomorrow I've got a meeting tomorrow I
probably keep on going on about this
meeting I'm so tired
go meeting a 10 o'clock and I've
literally got like hundreds more pages
to go through I'm not but I want to meet
the bestest best best best as possible
for you guys for one more thing for a go
to sleep and you guys know that I don't
normally do much don't really do things
like this unless unless I know that you
are going to enjoy it and I genuinely
really like the product and you probably
already know the company audible if you
don't you should do because they're cool
and Zoe and I use their I wouldn't say
every night I'd say good like percentage
of noise from especially Zoe while she's
falling asleep we always listened
two different books audible if you don't
already know what it is is either one
musings o is for now because she's got
one phone I find out that she got bored
well anyways what was I said yes audible
what it is so basically ball is like
audiobooks so instead of reading a book
it's like spoken out loud so you can
listen to it watch it falling asleep or
on the train and you don't have to be
awake enough to read the book so
sometimes oh and I listen to them whilst
we're just falling asleep but they go
and touch the other day and they just
wanted to get some of you guys started
with for like a free book to start you
off which is cool so I'll leave a link
on the screen somewhere where you can
just check out the website go get a free
book if you want and start a 30-day free
trial but I just thought I'd let you
know what we're listening to with four
chapters in should I tell them or shall
I make them guess I was gonna play that
ten seconds yes okay the most obvious
thing in the entire words there was no
completely doing that but yeah Tyler
Oakley mr. Tyler Oakley we're currently
listen to yours although Zoe has already
finished Zoe's already listened to
Oliver I have yet I have yet I am yet to
finish that so I'm I was nine miss left
so guys you should go check it out go in
the link down below to audible and go
check out binge by Tyler Oakley you guys
I'm sure probably most of you even have
it in physical copy yeah I genuinely
haven't read gallon actually I've got a
copy under the bed yeah can we listen to
it tonight I'm sorry Tyler
I mean can we listen to both I can
listen to yours when we go to Dublin on
the plane yeah oh that's the best time
for me but the journey with was like an
hour long I'll still an hour okay
yeah well yes we've got seven hours nine
minutes left of Tyler Oakley's binge to
this planet I listened to all of that
audiobook on one drive till you know you
didn't
yes I did you did yes I did that is
insane and well I finished it in leaves
that night but I finished the whole book
in a day driving that is actually a good
time to listen to that
I love yeah I I don't know I just I
think I find audio but it's really like
calming yeah they like those apps you
guys know Zoe and I listened to those
apps and stuff a night time where it's
like relax your body breathe in and
breathe out Notah that kind of stuff we
never have to always have something to
listen to yeah we never sleep with the
TV on
anyways that's up to you guys I hope you
enjoy if you do want to like I said and
like I showed on the screen and it go
it's just audible.com ford slash
pointlessblog vlogs I leave a link down
below let us know what book you download
if you do it yeah last notebook and
funny good sleep bed chats words ugly
anyways we'll catch you tomorrow guys I
hope you enjoyed the video if you're
excited Boober what the hell do you know
I've done for most of the rest of this
this video talked about my third book
and now we've just sat in bed and talked
about a book and different books for
like 10 minutes and audiobooks this
whole vlog is just about books this is
the good fine good everyone day yeah I
said does it count
I was reading a book if you listen to it
what's not lis it's not listen it's not
reading it it's listening to a book but
can you say but when they go or view at
this can you say yeah yeah well you've
taken you've taken in the words exactly
anyway it's a different way guys I will
catch you tomorrow
if you're excited for my new book give
the really a bigger thumbs up to let me
know and I'll catch you tomorrow
God also ordered loads of exciting stuff
earlier from Amazon like a new vlogging
camera as this one is you know keep some
break in
and a couple of X a little bit so
hopefully then I live tomorrow I can
show you good night
