good morning guys it is a horrible day
today the weather is just disgusting
like it's so rainy come on England
cheer up IVA have snow or have Sun we
don't like the rain it's boring just
means you can't go outside starting off
the morning as usual heading to the
office straight into the office and
finish up editing the daily vlog is just
exporting slash saving now and then I'm
going to get uploading that I've got
some friends who are about five minutes
away in the car you may or you may not
know them they are incredibly popular on
YouTube however they make gaming videos
so I don't really know if you guys are
all into gaming or not
their names are Minnie mint up and zurka
of course there aren't like their actual
names that's their like YouTube name so
I point this blog he may like me my main
man inertia may or may not know them
they're coming over I think they're
gonna come here actually basically
tonight shall I tell you what we're
doing tonight
yeah why not I do it in tonight were you
doing tonight I'm like crazy crazy I've
had a coffee in quite a few days guys
just drank my coffee and now I'm like my
head is going to explode
I should not drink coffee oh my gosh I
feel like my drunk on coffee don't drink
coffee
never start drinking coffee and more as
I haven't said yet tonight basically
I've always been obsessed with magic
like that's just something I you guys
know that I'm obsessed with stuff like
gadgets and little tricks and maglev
when I was younger I used to like if I
remember one time I was in London in
this like marquee or this like fair and
there was magicians that would live as a
magician there that did tricks and then
if you like that you could buy that
trick and you would learn how to do it
and I would got obsessed and I bought
this trick off of him this coin trick is
a mental thing it makes I stacked em
peas disappear and appear and I was
fascinated by it and I bought it off of
him and I learnt to do it and I just
became obsessed and then I would search
on YouTube
on how to do magic tricks I've learned
to it'll do them on my friends and
family and card tricks and like sleight
of hand and things for anyways
I got I've always been obsessed with
magic I do find it creepy however like
hypnotizing and stuff like that blows my
mind like that kind of stuff is just
crazy I don't understand it I understand
like card tricks is just doing it
without you seeing what they're doing
but yeah anyways the other day I want
email from management saying hey guys
hey guys it is so hey you guys taught
said hey healthy hey guys I'm so used to
saying guys it says hey I'll feed
Dinamo's just go and touch DynaMed the
magician because he's doing a show in
Brighton next week and he'd love for you
to come along and love for you to go
backstage and meet him and get say hello
and stuff like that and I was like yeah
that's something really cool I love
magic
I love dynamo stuff and yeah sounds good
so I asked for a couple of tickets I
asked for some to spare ones right you
asked for three four so a as well but
Zoe can't make it tonight so I've got a
ticket fare for poppy and a ticket for
Sean as well so I think they're both
coming along and then I got a text from
Simon and Josh which is mini mint or
zurka guide hey ask me what you're doing
next Wednesday we're in Brighton we
really want to hang out and other
amazing you guys never in Brighton which
mean why you invited let's hang out and
they're like this bloomin blue screen
makes me look ill like it makes my the
lighting look so weird on my face there
we go
and then right here in Brighton this
hangout and I was at why you invited
they're like oh we're seeing dynamo in
the evening so am I so anyways they've
come down a bit early they're coming
down it's like hot bus 2 or something
like that
they're coming here and I don't really
know what we're getting up to because
the weather outside is absolutely
disgusting let me show you what it's
like that is the current weather outside
you can't even see anything you can just
see the rain so I don't know what we're
going to get up to not really too sure
what they want to do whether they want
to go shopping whether they want to go
grab some lunch whether they want to
play table tennis a hanging chill here
film a couple of videos maybe I don't
know so Leno's that we're going to
hang out today get up to some fun and
then tonight we're gonna go see dynamo
which I'm really excited about really
our Papi's got a meeting tonight at like
quarter to seven and I think it's only
going to be like 15 minutes or something
like that so she's hurt we're not gonna
be able to come for dinner sure might be
able to actually I don't know but me and
the other two are going to go to dinner
first I think and we'll just see what's
gon happen we're going to see what's
gonna happen right my videos just
finished saving I'm going to get this
uploaded so that's done before the other
to come is bloomin what editing
yesterday's video has made me want to
buy some rock climbing shoes so bad and
maybe want to start going rock climbing
like I just wanted to go rock climbing
often as like a hobby it was so much fun
yesterday if you haven't seen
yesterday's rock climbing video you need
to go check it out
the bloom in one direction history video
camera yesterday I think it was
yesterday yes yesterday you guys saw me
singing along a dance and taught my
snapchat I'm just obsessed with it I'm
obsessed it's all the throwback or the
old times
anyways I'll catch it a bit comes
strange chamber in China bout YouTube
for ages as well that's the typical
thing when you hang
I'm still trying to persuade them to
both daily blog they're not having it
go bug them tell them to daily bug we've
ordered a massive plant where's that
other thing gone yeah what even is there
I know we've just been given this as
well which is like a special but on you
go for it it's really fishy no it's not
it's not fish is not finished Simon
hates fish my favorite yeah it could be
good it looks good when Jamie's as well
really is it good good we want massive
plank as usual just got cheeky old
carbonara we've currently got I think
about three minutes maybe less oh no
zero minutes starts right now we're
meant to be at the Brighton center
seeing dynamo right now this very minute
starting puppy has actually beaten me
there
we've just finished up eating dinner the
super delicious
are you excited I don't know we invited
her I think so but we don't really know
what to expect too much I'm kind of
scared as well he invited us along gave
us tickets I'm scared he's going to get
one of us up on stage hopefully not me
if he tries to get me up and going to be
like y'all my friend Simon wants to go
up so bad let him up on the stage or
just it might slip my sister up on stage
or something like that but I don't if
I'm gonna be able to feel much of it
obviously because I don't want to ruin
anything if he's doing like a tour
only you know I'll try and film whatever
I can and lucky mate
josh is having fun he's gonna miss it oh
I missed it as well
no oh I'll go through this door yeah
we're backstage guys I wasn't allowed to
film any of the show we're not allowed
we're not allowed phones and stuff in
your show so I couldn't bring these
clothes yes as identified without to
bring anything
I didn't want to give her any spoilers
away exactly but it was sick we're back
to show you a few people so anyone
everybody knowing nobody passing a show
so we differ and it done why the
security took my camera my camera off me
I say okay I hope I didn't do it in a
brutal way alright yeah I was just like
you know a lot my memory garden did you
sneak a moon as well I feel it's already
up with my youtube channel
we're now going to do some tricks back
here so you've got no pressure to people
if I mean with all of you of you all of
us okay alright cool uh Cyrus so you're
gonna film whilst you watch the magic
guy that's quite like this thing I'll
focused on I take up one Ouiser yeah
I've got let's see what got to pee in a
2-pound yeah yeah I'm gonna sit on
another yo to pee in a 2-pound and I'll
try this with you because you've got
your hands okay can you hold this one
out for me hold it like this come lovely
course life can see it like that
yeah so I've got a 2 P 2 pound
yeah you see them squeeze them tight
who's I'm really tight yeah um choose
one the 2p or the two-pound do say yes
I'll do pound to pump oh okay watch two
pound yeah yes II don't want the 2p no
you sure a 2p now she'll be gone
hopefully hoping you answer okay to say
you want to pawn the like watch this the
two pens disappears
shut up close you're on the game what
it's having the 2p back watch
don't open hand slowly now I said watch
right look underneath haha nah so Zach
well um we'll try you so sick nice
technique for winning the lottery do it
again
I've got some lottery tickets here you
see those yeah you see I'm not coming
over those well you can feel that as
well you've seen these in the shops
before I will be filling your six
numbers and then you know hopefully win
this is my technique for winning it's a
technique by call cheating go that's an
artist I like that one bodis um turn the
tickets if you just give them a little
shake like that that's so I put them on
I thought what it's just on the neck of
the show sick when you end up going back
about that it's no good the next time
you go to a shop you know walking then
just give them a shake everyone go try
it out you had a hair back go shake them
all I've got some science here and do
you want to mix all together flip it on
so now this is a Alfie shuffling the
cards I'm pretty good at shopping that's
that's not bad I know that one but on
the table look at that see oh that's how
we do all right
some additional plus this back over to
you so yeah give them a I'll give them a
shuffle as well in fact yet on the ball
for you to take a card out okay okay the
wayside I work for you remember those if
you I got a good one if you can show
them to the cameras I'm not looking like
I'm turning away brother
extra daunted on
okay yeah yeah I'll take yours first
yep for that I'll take yours and sit
girls invested in three different places
yeah yep I'll give them a shuffle but
I'm going to give them a dynamo shuffle
okay so don't wash your bullets like
this that looks pretty fair right here's
the hard part was the first card from
jumps into my pocket over there it's not
you yeah yeah kinda ate a heart in my
back pocket I believe that's your card
yeah yeah
and then yeah and then for our piece
color micawber cards disappear that's
y'all come right yeah so sick we'll try
we'll try some others need some I need
some more cards unstoppable
unlimited amount so you got yeah so just
take it out see I can't even do that I
can't even go nicely sick but I'm gonna
put it about half way done I'll do this
I'll do this on the floor down here can
you see the cards
yo that was sick I'm not being funny
right I was sick for bloggers these guys
are pretty silent by now yeah that was
sick I loved that one what is happened
it makes me so angry because I just want
know how to do it okay so on you guys we
came to the show tonight I'm hoping out
a good time you enjoyed it yeah really
good man obviously we don't want to give
any spoilers away for the shore but I
figured you know give some tickets away
to your guys following yeah yeah I
thought you could decide how you give
them away I've got got a couple of
tickets to eat you know so two tickets
officer for each of you to give away to
your fans your thank you to come and see
the show here in Brighton but we are
doing some other dates so if you can't
make the bite in shows maybe we can
arrange it for whoever wins these
tickets to come to one of your Shores
but let's make these a bit more valuable
than your average ticket what we'll do
is I've got the pen never go
we'll start by getting a signature on
this putting off squiggle on this one
gone Josh man behind the camera
don't cover the whole thing that's like
a and I on this side yeah yeah yeah - so
signed by all of us
so we all make sure that each of you get
assigned one so that everyone you know
ever wins this you all get a sign ticket
just hold onto it like that you guys get
a good per side view of this yeah I take
the corner let's give it a good crease
I'm gonna tear the corn off in fact okay
if you want to take just tell you it and
off this one yep so that's okay I'll
take it
look at this
I mean from boat paper boy is hungry he
hasn't at dinner guys
and I want to touch it nah going happy
that's so sick
so come on tickets for you to giveaway
couple tickets for you to give thank you
we're good look to remember at the end
as our competition to win these tickets
I'll see you guys at the shop thank you
so much rod that's sick thank you bye
it's Simon come and touch this no Boyd
you have to just touch it that's what
the web of the spider that spider
they're not that one are you touching
that bigger boy this no I'm scared of
spiders
so I now all right Josh comma man you
got their oldest touch that that spider
oh I love it
I'm going just touch it with my jumps
and kill Jay worried
hahaha no way oh my gosh that is
horrible this camera's breaking guys I
need to get a new one right I've just
got home that was so sick kind of London
my boobs that was so sick thank you so
much to Dinah Reformation is so calling
having us backstage and giving me the
tickets and invite me down and finish it
off and everything it was super cool I
hope you guys like that exclusive little
oh hello baby you wanted to get drink
she didn't even say hello to me you
having a stretch oh you coming to say
hello to Daddy
oh you haven't got any drink you've
drunk it all cam and then here you go
baby you excited for a drink there you
go that was just really really gorgeous
so nice getting to hang out properly
with Josh and Simon because if you don't
already know what them could be pick up
here if you don't already know those
guys make gaming videos and they upload
like at least two or three videos a day
like it is crazy what those guys do so I
never really get to hang out with them
because they're inside all doing filming
and editing gaming videos for their
viewers they work so bloomin hard so if
you haven't already check them out I
would leave links down below to bye
them if I forget to leave links down
below to vote for them then I'm very
sorry that their YouTube channels are
called zurka and mini minta so go check
them out go subscribe to them and
everything up and trying to persuade
them all day to start daily plugin or
not not necessarily daily vlogging every
day but vlogging a couple of times a
week because I know they're gonna love
it I know their audience is going to
love it and they don't do it at the
moment and they've thought about doing
that so I was just like do it do it it's
going to be so worth it guys she's still
drinking
she's blooming Thursday right it is hot
past eleven in fact 20 to 12:00 at night
and I'm going to go and get into bed I'm
absolutely knackered it's been such a
long nice and productive day today
tomorrow
I think I'm going to be hitting the
office for most of the day filming and
editing gaming videos with Morgan he's
come to help me out again because
obviously as you guys know he knows much
more about PC gaming than me so he's
going to help me out of all of that
someone just texted me I know it's the
CCTV so welcome home because the cameras
know that I just got home from the fish
facial recognition anyways I'm gonna
interrupt down here guys cut it out when
I go upstairs and wait kazooie up have
you just finished a drink was it yummy
was it a super yummy drink yeah have you
got wet all over your mouth now I love
you little ones so much you take you out
to the toilet I'm gonna end the vlog
please give it a big ol thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I really hope you did I've
had so much fun today again thanks to
dynamo for making it so awesome I'm
going to try and learn some magic tricks
from his magic box he gave me like a box
full of tricks so I'm going to try and
land some maybe in tomorrow's video I
can show you completely forgot about the
giveaway and I've never really done
something like this I didn't even know
what's going to happen he just randomly
said two one two tickets to give away to
your viewers and I was like okay why not
that sounds cool so if you want it if
you want one tweet me if you obviously
have to live in the UK because it shows
you in the UK tweet me and give the
video a thumbs up and I'll just tweet me
with the hashtag Alfie is a magician and
give the video a thumbs up and uh pick
one of you
again I'll catch you tomorrow good night
