good morning guys this vlog that you are
watching right now is about two weeks
old remember a little while back I had a
day off of vlog in and is because I
couldn't show you what I was up to in
the day and it had to wait a couple of
weeks but it is now that time and I can
finally show you what papi and I got up
to that day so we went to the scouts
winter camp to get involved in some of
their activities and in return I thought
I'll teach those guys some of my digital
skills if you're not already aware guys
Vodafone have teamed up with the scouts
and their aim is to empower hundreds of
thousands of young people to explore
their digital potential and I think this
is just sick this is so good because I'm
the digital guy I'm that kind of person
I'm always online and allow me I even
don't remember life for you so I hope
you enjoy this daily vlog I had so much
fun as you're about to see the crazy
stuff that I got up to I got so I'm
gonna stop I knew I was gonna say some
more wine up to but I'm not I'm not
gonna ruin now I'm gonna leave a few a
big thank you to both Vodafone and the
scouts for making this possible it was
so awesome honestly yeah enjoy the vid I
feel like I might introduce no film like
the curtains about to open enjoy the
film and actually it's an eggnog enjoy
the daily vlog it is currently Saturday
am 8:17 to be precise and javi and I are
off for a little adventure
we've even even bought these with me
let's use these is why we not despite me
not using these yet I've walked
dressing-gowns we've got like a two and
a half hour car journey right now so of
all that dressing gowns with me I'm
wearing cosy clothes I'm not going to
tell you where we're going yet until we
get there it's super super exciting yeah
I'm ready
but today you're not ready to wake up
it's gonna be good we can get a coffee
when we get there and stuff got a
suitcase full of goodies down there to
help out today we're about to go and
pick up and do that you guys all know
I've just been given this attire which
what does this mean again I'm
representing the UK scouting got this on
Poppy's got one on his right and you
haven't well you need to get one we need
to get oh my god you know how scared
that makes me even even DJ hey
oh I should have worn bigger food I find
them for the tiniest bills Bobby your
coat Timothy number one we've got some
rock climbing I too love rock climbing
so much these two you're both doing that
perfect thank you is this a big one I
got a big old head okay
my mouth who's up next there's so much
water up there literally gone you've got
this
popping and you're up oh but you guys
have got a harder than me
yours leans back go on and you've got
this look at that little boys smash net
you got that why don't you do it over
there on that wall you got this
get up there oh it's you taking us go
Scout necklace off come on you got this
going look at that little kid to your
left above you raise him up we're
trekking through the mud so far not too
muddy five times we are heading to do
some crates tuck in which I have no idea
what it is parent is really really good
and you like stack plastic crates as you
climb higher and higher or something I
don't know there's quite an audience now
the pressure is on Who am I doing this
with oh hello Elena
how you doing oh he's just bad stuff
Leena
we didn't you think it was the first
time yeah yeah
I don't even or the first time we
literally got like five I fell off
we did good give me five right good luck
today that went super well oh we have to
get back here my helmet on so this one
we have to walk between the two trees on
the wire I don't if you can see the wire
you guys can do this come on you have to
know it's not it's like 10 fir that was
kind of like tightrope walking while
walking or finding parts holding onto
like things in between it is so good you
guys missed out on that never scared of
heights I tried to persuade them but
we've got such a tight schedule any road
in a time but now we do support bike it
which we did luck widget like literally
like three weeks ago so good so I'm
really excited poppies now are you ready
for this what you're doing your driving
lessons at the moment so you should be
good
I mean you should be good
yeah just although it flicks up at your
back now that one this is already ruined
just ruined what is if we min the color
I was like ah no that's not Sean's look
camera my dear here's your money
Oh tiny bear here we go you ready
did you bring in the mud Bobby she's
better coach straight in the mud
she's loving it look ang smashing it
going on CH god
alright Silas and I going up you ready
he's going to show off now he's gonna be
so much better than me I find my main
mark I literally why do I wear
how's that it's so muddy is enough yeah
it's just like like a baby move
bad bear I'm not holding the breeches
like no lagarza I was still not moving
cause biking done that was so good I
love pot don't I need to get a core bike
we need to persuade sorry I mean our
garden is tiny yeah I could just sit on
it holding Allah's lead just driving
along be so good that looks sick on
there you jump off the platform last
activity before lunch guys this has been
a packed vlog so far and it's still in
the morning I need to stop waking up
earlier we are doing some segue in lane
oh yeah do any of you guys you excited
I finished up toilet see you come
internet it very scared we're now going
to go in this simulator thing Fabien and
you've been bugging all day to go in
here they're so excited currently it's
like a roller coaster look at the screen
is right in front of us
thank you for riding with us today they
can't see us but good bye you'll see the
video the whole way Verma they can't see
in she doesn't realize she's being
filmed I love your top hahaha I wish we
kids and wish that she could see us that
was a fun day guys
and thank you so much for coming along I
hope you enjoyed it
we're just heading home now in a car we
just dropped Ange back home to your fun
and such it's such a good time I didn't
think there were going to be as many
cool activities as what there were like
we only got told beforehand that we were
doing
once we get our rock climbing we got
told that one was walking on the wire
between and two wires between the trees
and what was the last one we were told
and I didn't get heard the great stuck
in beforehand archery which we missed
out on I don't know we did archery or
not but we did so many cool things so
much more than what I thought that was I
didn't even know what that was available
absolutely amazing scouts blooming Gaul
and everyone there just seemed like
they're having such a good time we had
such a good time as well yeah on the way
home now just in a car and we've just
put the restaurant to go for dinner
tonight good solo which remember that
time me and Louie when the good Flint or
overview in for 24 hours and Louie just
to try it and Louie I think he's still
vegan even till today and that was where
all started by us having pumpkin soup in
there so if you remember it that's where
we're going for dinner tonight I don't
think the Zoey's coming because she
doesn't feel too well so she's at home
and I just been on the phone to her now
and yeah just thought a bit yeah whilst
we're all glitchy bought dressing-gown
and another dressing-gown on my feet
from home this morning because this is
the same car that picked us up it is
dropping us back so it was there all day
so I am I've bought dressing gowns with
me so that we could stay comfy
it's so cozy and yeah I catch your home
just thought I'd update you on what
we're doing
NOLA who you fight in you fight in
another pub go and then can get it guys
this is a doorstop
like this isn't just like a little dog
toy this is a bloomin heavy doorstop and
for some reason she thinks she wants to
attack it Oh lemon Ecch
time to come up dinner and we're going
to say hello we've ordered a four-course
dinner I have no idea what this is is it
like pheasant and you guys have both
gone veggie Mills semi dear not fully
semi semi dehydrated and then we've got
some bread this cooked in a special way
to keep the nutty of rumors or something
next course guys I've got some Pollack
with shaven apple and some sauce are
common but every time they bring their
food over they describe what it is
exactly in detail and how it's cooked
I've already forgot
these guys have got Salaria and then for
my main I've got some pheasant with pear
parsley and I'm not quite sure what else
and these guys have got like semi deep
fried cauliflower
oats and stuff and again the last dish
guys I have no idea what this is she
told me about 25 million different
things I didn't quite hear any of it
just like the beginning I forgot to end
the video as well I got home went
straight to bed and fell asleep so I'm
ending it now if you enjoyed it give the
video a big old thumbs up I'll leave all
the links and details to everything that
you've seen throughout the video down
below so you guys can go check it all
out if you're involved with the scouts
let me know in the comments let me know
what you think of it I had such a fun
day celebrating the partnership with all
of the scouts there so thank you so much
to everybody who came and met me - the
girl at the end - is where the
pointlessblog t-shirt like jumping up
and down
I noticed you I just have blacked-out
windows in the car so you couldn't see
me but I hope you enjoyed been in the
video and thank you all for being so
lovely and it was nice to hang out with
you and as well thank you to the girl
for doing the stuck in the crate look at
my hair stuck in the crater of me I had
so much fun I don't really know what
else to say yeah I hope you enjoyed the
video I will catch you soon with another
daily vlog good bye
