sorry good morning guys it is half past
nine everyone has been up for like I'm
guessing like two hours or something
without me I need to put my hat on and
stuff
soft boss nine Shauna's just among me
and told me that they're all in jacuzzi
how are you doing how are you
you having a good morning or maybe they
are in the jacuzzi hello good morning
here
Barney degrees I forgot my swim in stuff
yeah have you guys been in oh my gosh
look at I'm so tired
oh my gosh you need to get a jump on
it's gold it's gold is the morning now
and guess what I got a driver's license
what the Fleming ow what you got there I
got all our breakfast honestly let you
Trump it up watch me Nene Yeti don't
hurt your back go what is so heavy yeah
we got blimmin swords for a sword fight
as well yo look at all of this man I
want some apple juice so bad look at
this pot okay the porridge oh my I kinda
want some porridge this is the saddest
bit in Lion King I'll look at him he's
such an idiot hate that guy
no no look I scared he must be your
picnic no I know Sean the face Disney
man hitting kids hard since I saw um God
I was like tiny watching this Justin
you've all seen Lion King if you haven't
I don't know what you're doing with your
life
yeah then I've also just bored the
ending but I don't know what you're
doing with your life you need to go in
is not the end actually is that you need
to go check it out
that is why Nala is named Nala this film
oh what's it all about guys it's all
about the money sign up at the fames
alright we're going out on a walk now
kind of forgot to bring a coat with me
not very good yeah the walk sent a like
an hour's on this we can show us on the
walk
maybe over it's going to be fun yeah
probably up and out of our where am i my
shoes is while Shaun's guys no these are
from me and Zoe for Sean Sean it's a
Christmas present birthday present look
how clean they look who's ready guys
we've got to sell six out when you come
to this place you get free selfie step
here we go here we go on our walk yes we
are we've got like a 45-minute walk I
don't know if this affects the audio cuz
you're further away we've got like a
45-minute walk now we've done this one
last time when we came for my birthday
it's a lovely to walk through all the
woods down to the beach you ready
you excited I'm super ready know what I
can do
cuz I got my wellies on Sony Damon get
through that puddle and what I don't
want to do it little more brand-new look
look at the different conditions of our
wellies oh look at that
but mine literally just all mud nothing
I'll kind of them now yeah you need to
do that very well we're in the woods or
in the middle of nowhere
oh my doubt what Lily it the Camerons
bushes look at that shot nobody goes to
look up Shawn
oh that looks cool down there gone you
go down there see where there is see if
there's anything scary zero huh imagine
if you sit down there I don't know if
I'd laugh or not see you later
oh it went down my back let's run away
from Zoe quick hey forgot the selfie
game going on with a little selfie stick
it's extremely muddy these guys are
taking some photos over here like a blog
post or something and then probably just
made up a song yeah what's your song
squid stung squid shot how's it going
someone capture it's only a snapchat
what's your snapchat these guys are
going to miss it though because it's 24
hours the squid song quit squid shot
yeah is it so how's it go though squid
jeez good it's good G squid there we go
so far we've had some pretty crazy oh
look at that dog it is the most gorgeous
color and it is about to go into all of
this mud ten years later those guys
we've lost them Bobby Shaw nasty old
taking blog photos we're heading down to
the beach what
oh I think I know so no our dog
I've bought dinosaur I four big old
dinosaur he was blooming cold I got my
coat
great great how much colder it was when
you got near there yeah once you come
out of the woods Oh
at least you've got a coat with you yeah
yes and you got sunglasses which is
smart I thought that was weird
exactly I thought was weird because it's
not very sunny
however then your eyes don't water like
the worst headache in the world yeah
unfortunately but you taken some some
tablets yeah look at it this isn't shy
this is like marshland not marshland
marshland marshland is right Marshall
why
guys is so cold I don't know what to do
my is literally like frozen off I should
have bought a beanie I should have worn
a vest underneath this or something
there is tons of people surfing they're
crazy
if they're like a serving Congress
there's no vent on there's a certain
paddleboarding or stopping stand-up
paddleboarding event here you go in the
certain event yeah serious though there
is like tons of people surfing you guys
can't even really see no sapping
stand-up paddleboarding we're now
hunting for oh my gosh so is that
bothering the scene we're hunting for
crab season land any cleaner mother
cleaning your new booties look at that's
a natural hot tub odds on you getting in
that oh my god oh my god
Shawn and I going to do that other like
tiny little boots I wish my lover's here
guys she would be loving or which I will
gouge out right what's this game night
sorry Shawn just made her huh
when their waves go in you've got to run
in with the waves yeah then when they
come up how you've got to run back out
people get closer but this is young look
at the length of Zoe's wellies compared
to look I'm like that nearly already
going over the top of my way you can to
get closer to the wave in Japan and then
run back up right so it's time to try
and play this game I'm a little bit
nervous because my wellies and literally
like shoes and these are the only pair
of jeans I've got with many temple I'm
going wait why drop it be over the
gallon I'm scared
it's gone in how far we how far you
going in no sorry sorry oh my god sorry
I don't even know if I was recording
that either did you get no you did I did
oh my god all right I'm going to join
insert that clip into the vlog oh my
gosh I got all right I think it's time
we hit back we need to go back to the
room go guess look at this little doggie
we need to go and get some hot
chocolates oh my gosh he's always so you
ready for the water
it's not in that one the other one had
so much guys
and just got soggy it's going to say
feet but it's not even just your feet
and Zoey earlier on was it Jake this
coat is probably the best purchase of
last year and then now it's like soggy
and salty and horrible you measure I've
just jumped in there no I'm just doing a
kid it just reminds you I just guess
swim in now and then you do the merchant
I hope that I could get a good thumbnail
out of that I really do oh my gosh also
as soon as we get back I just want to
jump in the hot tub and then order a ham
and cheese toasty and some chips and a
hot chocolate
if I want to make the hot chocolate from
the old machine yeah what are you doing
saying online what's that what you know
where should I put my phone all right
guys are kind of forgot to bring my most
women short so I'm just going in in my
boxes yeah
focus on FaceTime with mom and dad
yeah great sure everybody's in the hut
everybody's in the hut I'll join you
listen your arms are my extra arms so it
looks like we're staying in for longer
guys she wants just bought me a GN t yo
you coming in have you got one I got one
completely forgot to vlog since we got
other hot tub I think I've literally
just been sighted it in my new mobile is
this V of header and let me frame
channel video which features poppy and
raises a ton of money for charity so
that it's going to be done at the same
day you're watching this so I hope
you're excited please please please if
you guys do one thing today go check out
that video it is really really good I
think it is anyway and it's a lot of fun
it raises a lot money for charity so if
you want me to do more like that let me
know in the comments by giving the video
a thumbs up and stuff I kind of just
ordered three one I ordered one dinner
and you've got to choose three different
things like start a main pudding or you
could get three starters or three
puddings or three mains so I got three
sandwiches cause sausage sandwich here
ham and cheese sandwich there and a
bacon sandwich there may ensure that
only ones left awake what you want you
watching Batman these two fast asleep
from the sofa we got poppy over there
and Zoe's doctor Jesse I'm going to go
do my driving test now yo yo yo y'all
