I'm gonna go do my driving test now yo
yo yo yo
good morning guys I'm livin excited
about today and you know exactly why I
am excited I don't know whether I should
be excited or whether I should be
nervous or whether I should be scared
and whether I should be anxious or
whether I I don't know what emotions I
should be feeling because I've never had
a driving test before and this isn't
like a test in school where if I fail it
then there's going to be some like big
repercussions that affect me forever
because obviously if you fail like a
university degree or something that
affects your job choices if I fail with
this driving test today then I can
rebook it in ten days now obviously I
don't ideally I do not want to be
failing it today I'm not saying that
however if I do I just don't want to put
the pressure on myself I've been super
relaxed in the thought process of this
and I've just had the thought process
that of course I want to pass I want to
do this more than anybody else wants me
to drive I'm fed up of not being able to
like go to places by myself and have to
have Zoey drive me everywhere or
drummond attacks or a train or whatever
you guys know what I mean it will be
amazing being able to drive the freedom
will be incredible however if I fail
today and I don't pass the test I'm not
gonna get bug like bug bug down is that
light sound bunk down bug down I don't
know I'm not gonna be bummed by it
basically I'm just gonna be like okay I
want to know what am I even in focus I
want to know what I did wrong and I want
to know how next time I can not do that
again that is basically the aim today
hopefully I'm gonna nail it hopefully I
don't know I honestly I feel like
speaking to my driving instructor she's
like you're completely capable of
driving like you're good enough to pass
this test however you never know what's
going to come up on the test itself my
driving instructor had somebody fail
yesterday with her or was it the day
before no it was yesterday with her
because once just once was reversing and
I know obviously this is a fail they
forgot to look over their shoulder like
they looked in on the mirrors but they
didn't look behind themselves so they
failed instantly so if I do something
silly
like that today I'm gonna try and not
get annoyed by it I'm just going to
accept that it is what it is and we move
forward and then I practice again I have
some more lessons and I do it again in
ten days but that is not the aim the aim
is to nail today and pass it when you
can have to see what happens someone's
just text me Holly is just text me lad
good luck on your test let me know how
you do ah the amount of pressure from
friends and family because people were
saying like that there what Holly said I
love it because it's like good luck let
me know a lot of people are texting mean
I know obviously it's only being nice
but I'm like hmm the pressure a lot of
people to text me that I know you're
gonna smash it I know you're gonna kill
today Alfie you've got today and
obviously that's encouragement is lovely
and that's what friends and family are
there for but I'm like don't say I've
got it don't say I'm gonna pass because
you never know what might happen anyways
today is the day of my driving test
Zoe you may be asking where she is and
Nala Nala is at my mum and dads because
she stayed at my mum and dad for a
couple of days we've got friends staying
at this house for a couple of days to
look after the house whilst we are away
I'm not going to tell you where we're
going I'm going to save that for later
on for when I arrive but poppy Shaun and
it's Sean's birthday yesterday basically
poppy Shaun and Zoe and me are going
away for a couple of days somewhere
really really exciting you guys if you
watch these vlogs we'll know where we're
going
maybe and because we've been there
before and it's blooming my favorite I
love it so much so I'm really really
excited they're already on the way
they're driving over there now I'm going
to do my test and then I've got somebody
driving me over there later on to go and
hang out with them for the weekend so
yeah that is not getting picked up for
my test well actually I've got an hour
driving lesson before my test just to
like warm myself up and get ready in
five minutes to love my my background in
five minutes you can't me see the time
11:55 and getting picked up at 12
o'clock well I'm excited at first I
should go and eat some breakfast that's
really bad to like have low energy I
should be like on point I should be
perfect I should be the best
alphy I can possibly my diamond
instructors not here yet
I should be the best I could possibly be
I need to go and eat some food oh we got
a nice new little chest down here at the
bottom the stairs rather than all the
messy shoes Zoey got this for her office
upstairs we kind of decided to just keep
it there looks nice then inside we've
got like shoes and stuff that's cool
isn't it right anyways this has been one
long old blogging clip so I'm going to
end it here I'm going to go do my test
next time I see you oh my gosh I'm
getting nervous just I haven't been
nervous all day I've been nervous
talking to anybody and now I'm talking
to you guys I'm getting nervous but I'm
going to go do my driving test now yo yo
yo yo I'm nervous oh well we'll see how
it goes
we'll just take it as it goes okay guys
I'd then how did ah
it was raining is raining it like a
crazy amount I would show you it like
look outside it is the most horrible
weather it's crazy foggy but a bloomin
boss by da yes guys practical driving
test certificate pass I passed my
driving test
finally none of you any longer how do I
turn these lights on let me tell you one
none of you any longer can lop hello
none of you can laugh with me now for
not passing my driving test
I passed practical driving certificate
Alfie deyes I've done it a past I am so
happy I'm so happy right so basically I
had like the nicest the nicest let me
just explain what happened I got there I
was pretty nervous I wasn't like crazy
nervous but I was like a little bit I
was pumped I didn't know what to expect
and and I got there and they called out
my name and it was some really really
nice guy we ended up like chat in most
of the drive just chatting about his job
he used to work for the police like the
Met Police my dad used to work for the
Met Police and worst which are about
just
those are stuff we were just chatting
the whole time and it was so good it was
I got Reverse around the corner sorry
I'm a bit sporadic because I'm so
excited I also got reverser on the
corner which is yeah definitely my least
favorite maneuver and I smashed out and
bashed it did it and I pass right so now
for the nitty-gritty bit how well did I
actually do so when you have a driving
test I'm sure as most of you already
know you you're allowed 15 miners you're
not allowed any majors or any like
dangerous of them they're called or
serious or something like that you're
not allowed any of them I've voice you
fail you're allowed 15 miners during the
40 minute drive I got four I got four
miners so I did really really well as
well I'm so happy I'm so happy
i-i've told my mum I haven't yet told my
dad and I haven't yet told Zoey poppy or
Sean I have got a car picking me up at 4
o'clock to go away this weekend and now
I know I'm just gonna have a fliming
sick weekend because I'm in such a good
mood with the driving and I finished
writing the third book it's oh my god
everything is going so good and this
weekend's main Channel video is so sick
it's with poppy and it's like so so sick
you're going to love this everything is
going good at the moment guys I'm so
happy I don't know where I put my phone
I want to get my phone I want a FaceTime
based on the others
hello I've invited me because I was in
the car my instructor well that's nice
is that I can tell from your face
thanks for the support being meant to
say how did it go do I just failed
straight away how's the place where you
are they helped me
for miners yeah I'm so happy I filmed
your reaction as well haha
that couldn't have gone any better if I
tried and I actually managed to trick
them without saying guys I failed
because I didn't want to lie to them I
managed to rate the beliefs that I
hadn't passed but anyways I've got to go
to rush because there was a car waiting
outside now to go and take me to hang
out with more let's go perfect thank you
look where I am I'm sure you guys are
recognized this place already because we
came here for my birthday as a surprise
we had so much fun in fact we were back
more recently as well for the gleam
Christmas party when we did of the quad
bike in and there was like 10 million
youtubers here why are you ducking
around what are you doing I've literally
eaten two pieces of toast today and a
cake and I've had two gin and tonics
because the lovely people here I told
them that it was Sean's birthday so
they've left us with tons of goodies so
thank you so much the people are Tooting
Glenn oh yeah we've got some gin they
left us some champagne some more
champagne over here look at this look at
that bloomin champagne like cakes so
many like goodies for the girls in the
bathroom they left like let me show you
what they left I don't even know what
any of it is I'm not quite sure the left
or the girls all of this stuff in like
things all in there I don't know I don't
know so good so so good these guys have
innocence the small end we had a good
time had a great time yeah magic oozy
they're going to koozie out here it's so
dry these guys get in it is so good it's
so good we need to go and I forgot my
swimming shorts Lenny so stupid so I
just have to go into my boxers it's just
fine got Jacuzzi just out there and if
you can see the stairs so that's that's
exciting and tomorrow oh not even in
focus
tomorrow we're going to go and like walk
down to the beach or walk through the
come on focus me tomorrow we're going to
go on and walk down to the beach or down
and around I need to stop did you find
your phone part probably lost her phone
we bought Sean's left okay that's oh he
made as well with us he hasn't seen it
yet look how awesome it is
my gosh look at that yeah oh yeah
oh my gosh we've got chocolate sponge
I'm good
chocolate oreo cheesecake Oh Martha
cheesecake you lose thank goodness and
then this is chocolate ganache and then
we've got Oreos and Cadbury's chocolate
patterns yeah yeah I'm so excited oh my
gosh oh my gosh look at this
look at this one portion of chips guys
very close are you really happy in your
element is there enough ketchup for you
and you've got your mash and we've got
first dates on as well
you fill up all right guys now tucked up
in bed thank you so much
Oh more less because I just embrace it
in Alexis let me just take them out
thank you so much for all of the support
on the driving I am over the moon that I
can now officially drive I just need to
get home get insured on my car and
that's it I don't even need to type of
you in the car with me sorry no I can
just drive by myself or with friends or
whomever that is crazy
so that just opens up so many doors to
be able to like go and see Marcus and
just drive to go and see him and Tanya
and Jim and go like I really wanted to
go to the indoor snowboarding place
recently but I haven't been able to
because obviously how the hell am I
going to take a snowboard on the train
with me and now I can just in my car
like it's awesome so I'm really really
happy give the video a thumbs up if
you're happy for me and you enjoyed
today's vlog I will catch you tomorrow
where the adventures or this treehouse
carry on and we're gonna go to some fun
stuff so I'll see you tomorrow good
night oh my god
make sure that you
