Tavia because they don't I've got a
present for you look what I've got for
you look at it do you love it do you
love it so much I'm glad she likes a she
loves know there's your present you love
it so much
did you know we didn't actually this is
what I'm looking for Brighton & Hove
edition monopoly can you even play
Monopoly to people yeah I feel like it's
not gonna work oh my gosh she'd never
ever be to me
I'm the Monopoly king okay
brand new never never played before
really
what is it the random person or the
actual company monopoly I'm not sure I
didn't many people I've just seen one of
them you're gonna like it
a deckchair okay we've got ice cream
okay you've got the pavilion oh my god
we've got seagull Oh a beach hut or
football that is sick yeah I've picked
one that I think you're gonna take which
one do you think oh not this day and do
you think of it okay I'm gonna close
your eyes I'm gonna take it did you ever
play that game at parties where there
would be a tray and you have to guess
what's been taken which ones gone missin
oh you just look a focus come on in you
go no person that was the game that you
playing I didn't ask you yeah you said
remember their game and I said yeah
which one's gone missing I don't then
you open your eyes to have a look and I
wasn't ready two three four five six
you've never even been there
you got bloomin bite you haven't been
there I have no idea
I just got seven chance first time
advanced a Royal Pavillion I don't like
this set this is the one set that people
normally love is the best set never but
if you do is amazing we just made some
dinner stop the game for a minute
made some Nando's Perry Perry swooped
Enterprise orange you're blue and you
see your hot orange blue and that one
yeah in return for what these day pink
and yellow okay that's bad for you you
know because I get two new sets yellow
and pink you get orange and green orange
and blue I mean alright I have a green
as well there you go just chucking the
green you see I'm helping you out here
no you okay I got a bad deal I'll give
you my two Pink's you give me your two
oranges then we'll have opposite sets
but you said you wanted that set just
give me that I'll give you that right
marina
so he types this game so seriously
are you filming because you want me to
get to oh my gosh imagine if he did if
he did oh I'm so happy so he's just
landed on my property with four houses
875 please good morning guys good
morning how you doing today has been the
busiest day ever it's currently 1036 I
woke up at 6 a.m.
picked Shawn up at 7 a.m. to film a
special part of a video coming out next
week I want to say you guys will see
when it comes up it's coming out in this
channel we just finished filming that
then I dropped him to Mum and dad's out
and I'm not gonna show what what mums
making but all I'm saying is that mum
has been making something for Poppy's
blog mum looks like a Robin perfect yeah
then I've just been to a meeting now for
the last 45 minutes it's now half past
10 I'm about to pick my dad up from a
shop to drop him to the dentist and then
from the dentist and going straight to
the office heading straight to the
office got some presents from Dubai for
people in the office as well just
finished up four and a half hours of
meetings catching up with the team since
been in Dubai I'm a project manager was
away for 20 days on holidays also got
back yesterday so today was the first
proper day catching up you can probably
see oh my gosh it's so sick something
behind me going on now to the house and
to the yeah to the obvious we've been
having something done all day today but
I don't want to show you because it's
not fully dark enough yeah I'll show you
later I'll show you later on today just
finish the last meeting of today I'm
currently live on YouTube right now
everybody say hi to yourselves oh wait
for it to focus
hey there we go it is a lot later on
guys I've just been live for 45 minutes
I'm trying to start doing live shows
every week or every other week at the
moment whilst I was live I prepared some
sweet potato fries and they're cooking
up at the moment they've got three
minutes left my marinated and prepared
some chicken that's cooking those are
chopped up and did some vegetables and
that also chatted about boolean mental
health having therapists point my points
blog channel new projects that I'm
working on the new company that on
launch in let me balance you down there
that's an awesome live show that was
really really fun I may or may not I've
just made the biggest dinner in the
entire world
I don't you know how I'm gonna eat this
it's pretty late but it's time to show
you guys all of the crazy lights that
have been put on the outside of our
house
today I don't know how much I told you
in the vlog alia on the base we had a
team come to the house today and
decorate the outside with like not white
but like warm colored Christmas lights
over there at the office you can see a
little bit I can't pop or show you this
is all in the garden over here obviously
we've got all the outside here we
couldn't get this bit down because they
needed like a crane kind of thing to do
it and we were like that is too far so
we got all the bottom of the house done
here look all around this bit done up it
looks insane all around the new gym that
don't even speak about the gym if you've
been watching the vlogs you will know
that my gym got stolen before I leave
let me quickly run into the garden and
show you I'm literally got to go out now
let me show you in the back garden as
well we've had all the bushes done so as
you come out here all of our little
circular bushes have all got lights in
them look at the house from this side oh
my gosh round here is sick no way all
the trim around the guttering bushes
down there these bushes yeah this looks
so cool so festive just jumping in the
car heading over to pop in Sean's to
film
the last bit of this video that is
coming out next week at some point
together
yo it's late it's all really hot past
9:00 I've literally just been in the
office catching up all day I recognize
in meetings today planning the new
company for six hours I reckon about six
hours
ciao have a good holiday have a good
trip
I'm tired guys I need to go in aus and
turn off all the lights thinking about
it I woke up this morning at 6:00 a.m.
this Carly 11:00 feel like I literally
haven't had a break I need to lock up
the house even in the vlog here if
you've enjoyed that an inch if you're
not gonna fall asleep any second thank
you so much for giving the vlog a thumbs
up if you have already if you haven't go
down below give me a thumbs up if you're
not already subscribed go down below hit
the subscribe button new Christmas
merchandise we've got phone cases we've
got signed posters link is down below
