good morning guys I've just come out of
the dentist of ID'd leg nice and clean
I've just finished up with the dentist
what was meant to be like a quick 50
minute checker and then next week are
meant to have no I've met to have like a
15 minute check my braces I go in all
good kind of thing and then next week I
was meant to have an hours appointment
to have like a proper checkup and look
almighty and then in like a couple of
weeks I managed to go into the hygienist
oh sorry
hey good how are you
all I little boy watches my videos yes
so it's meant to be like a quick 15
minute pointman my dentist was then like
oh my hat's going to blow up
he's like shall I just do the checkup
now whilst we're here and I was like
okay let's do the checkup he took like
10 minutes through the checkup and he
was like you're chief of perfectly fine
I have no idea what my camera just cut
out it ran out of memory so I just had
to delete a load of clips
basically I got my braces check up a
property to check up and hygiene
disappointment all in one go so
absolutely killing it now I'm just
heading off into town I need to go grab
some I need to buy some new underwear
but it advised some new boxers and I
also want to try get some new socks as
well and also look look I'm wearing I'm
wearing luery is live the adventure live
the venture cloven it's so comfy but I
haven't even got a t-shirt on underneath
there so I'm a tiny bit chilly because
it's a jumper and I'm wearing it as a
t-shirt but all get productive morning
Marcus's on his way over I think he
arrives in like 15 minutes I've got to
be quite quick in town hi let's grab
some food from here nice and healthy
Marks has gone for this one over here
and this one and then added a chicken
breast look how good it all looks
although that that's the naughty side
thank you Drago plane or do I go crazy
look at these oh my gosh no I can't go
through the pink ones I normally just go
for plain black white or gray but this
kind of thing finally home let me show
you my goodies that I bought I bought
two sets of two pairs of boxes so I got
four pairs of new boxes two vests I just
thought it'd be nice to get get some
comfy vests tons of food for me Marcus
let me show you what got us to lunch
just I got some for you as well yeah so
in here I got what's in here oh this is
for you
sausage rolls no sorry
ham and cheese ham and cheese I don't
know what they are I just thought that's
the thing that you're like the moisture
of anything they do look good
like ham and cheese little pastry no
okay as long as it's not the food I've
got myself loads of clothes and loads of
socks as well and then in here I got two
bits of salmon for me Marcus and then
each a chicken with two different salads
and not a whole chicken a chicken breast
what is that uh you can say that's not
earth I look so good
look at this salad and Mon stew and
beans and chicken and stuff and then one
of these I don't know which one I'm
guessing the lighter one maybe this one
has also got the salmon in it look how
good our salmon looks how's your little
pastries actually yeah Carrie you guys
are getting prints for not daily
vlogging apparently Zoe's always been
threatening to throw an emoji he'll
Iranian issue oh bloody throwing it
twice at me no they haven't that alright
who's stronger less who's stronger
always always one Zoe one no pillar for
a Mac alright we've just been well oh
you know just having it back easily
these two a film in a club in a minute
Marcus's hair like that odds on you
filming the whole club of your hair like
that
50 maybe I can be 1 1 250 and you're not
allowed to mention you're not allowed to
mention that it's like there's no rule
ok odds on you haven't you hair like
that out the whole of Zoey's video no
moment yes not Zoey's video Oh God there
has to be another version and you're not
allowed to say that it's not serious
ok what were yours ok 3 2 1
46 Oh alright now you do on ok no no you
have to do your hair you have to do your
hair funny for the whole of your box and
video like um shave ever pineapple we're
like no I don't know what's the funny no
you have to just leave like a hairbrush
stuck in it or something yeah would you
do your hair like that
yeah like that the hole of Marx's video
10 no way she's not gonna do it I know
is or his life God then vacas 500 with
you yeah I don't know if I showed you I
bought one of these the other day which
are mainly used by charities and stuff
if you see them here school it a life
store personal water filter they're
really cool straws that clean removes
99.99999% of bacteria and 99.9% of
protozoa i don't know something
basically you can drink any water
through this drawer and it cleans it is
such a cool invention for people that
obviously can't access clean drinking
water so for every life straw-filled to
you purchase a child in Africa will be
provided with a safe drinking water for
an entire school year or neither
scratching the door she needs the toilet
okay baby let me come and take you out
gonna okay calm down there you go and I
just thought what I'm going to do today
in the video is leave a link down below
to where you guys can buy one not
because this isn't sponsored or anything
just because if you guys if you did buy
one then obviously somebody a child in
Africa has drinking water for an entire
school
err so I'm going to have a bit fun mess
about it with it now with Marcus he
doesn't know yet
so knowledge waiting for her treat she's
like come on I just said we're outside
daddy where's my treat
hey go good girl I just thought it'd be
a great thing to try and mess about with
in a video also it helps a really good
cause as well so marki but but Oh Zoe
bought a big old new Chester doors today
for her off her office upstairs get me
okay cool
mark you ready you see one of these
before
it's just a life straw you can drink
anything through it and it cleans
99.9999% of bacteria so we need to go
and find some stuff to drink what you
mean you can drink anything or need to
drink some toilet oh you're not drinking
toilet it cleans it I don't believe it
you don't believe it that's what it does
you're good at first so we each have to
we have to challenge each other like
let's see that puddle outside being
serious one of us has to go and drink
that puddle this has just been thrown
off me I won't even seen one of these
things before have a look and look have
a look at it I don't know how I don't
know how it works I don't know I think
it's got a load of stuff in the back
that like filters it and stuff I would
drink toilet water from that but you
guys have to drink something else in
return I'll drink 10 ounce everything
you have to drink that pop that down my
daughter in that pub yeah that puddle
where that car twice like the wrong it's
just pure mud yeah this will clean it
don't worry
what toilet do we want to go for we've
done away in this run since you've been
here
yeah there you go why don't you drink
your own weight I'm not going huh why
don't I want to like try it out with
some normal water first yeah so what you
have to do is you have to take off I
believe both ends so like this then you
drink through there and put that one in
the water let's fill this up first and
just see if it works as a normal store
we have to leave it in there for 10
seconds it said on the back I don't know
yeah a spy
that tastes so good
you have to drink that pond that fluid
puddle up sale whatever
No thank you me will say well I think
eBay I just tested it burn it to good
use this people in like countries that
don't have clean water use these boy
getting hurt
you're kidding no I do that bro sound
puh me ha ha ha oh my god
make sure that's how we good sniff it
taste why
it tastes clean house it hurts and
tastes fine tastes real clean there we
go boys and girls you've seen it here
first
Alfie deyes drinking toilet water all
right what do we want to do join it eats
drink some of this I think this over
here over look at photo oh you have to
drink that I don't I'm not sure yeah you
go on you've got that he's drinking a
photo oh my god lychee Hong oh hey look
at Marcos ball everybody
jouji this at I'm sorry this is the real
life of Marcus Butler tricks puddles
every guy today is it nice it tastes bad
it doesn√µt swallowing out was it nice
literally is that no water yeah is
actually yeah
don't does it like doesn't
taste like mud at a Sun Also good see
this draws sick and then I'm gonna get
ill in like this half an hour no you
won't you won't all right you'll be able
to bend in the whole time try it out
look at it it doesn't taste it's warm
that's what it is for yeah it's warm
right the LifeStraw was a massive
success well I mean if you call this
success drinking toilet and puddle water
and not tasting bad then it was a
success but you guys filming the videos
now what's so funny
I'll get your visor mine over in the
street good girl
watch what she does guys good then get
go alright I've got my very last driving
lesson in four minutes where I say my
very last if I pass then it will be my
very last basically my test is tomorrow
by the time you're watching this oh my
gosh I look so blue by the time you're
watching this I have had my driving test
that scares me so much and I don't know
I don't know when oh I don't know
whether I'm going to tell you on Twitter
and stuff we're very passed or not or
whether I'm just going to make you wait
for the vlog the next day at 5 p.m. I
think I'm gonna make you wait for the
vlog because I think then then it's more
exciting than just checking Twitter and
stuff although I could pass and be like
what everyone to know I'm so excited or
I could fail and be like I don't want
anyone to know that I've just failed and
but yeah you guys
family to me you like friends so I would
tell my friends if I failed or passed my
test so I'm going to tell you guys if I
fail my test except right but just set
just a little bit so I'm just sorting
this out down here just a tiny bit more
pressure you know having like three or
four whatever million of people watching
these blogs and having to tell you if I
pass or fail my driving test so I'm a
little bit nervous no pressure guys yes
such a dick okay you shuffle should we
watch mommy letting you do pick the
cream cheese off before it goes in the
dishwasher
what are you baking up I'm making Shawn
a chocolate cheese oh yeah I've been
told these guys it's Sean's birthday
today
my sister's boyfriend Sean it is his
birthday okay just unfortunately we're
not seeing him today however we're going
on a really exciting adventure tomorrow
so straight after my driving test I'm
jumping in a car and going to each other
one going if we leave it till tomorrow
I'll leave it till tomorrow it's so
excited what's that
it's a sneeze cake Center with Oreo mmm
oh my gosh isn't it good mmm that's so
good
this is always making some fancy cake it
is basically I should take my hat off
and I haven't done my hair today it's
basically like a cheesecake in the
middle and then the top then bottom
layer on it with both way Louise stuff
Lilly there and and then the top and the
bottom is both normal cake so a sick
site and hopefully Shawn's gonna like it
and we've got Shawn's present today we
got in town everything's all good just
had my last driving lesson before my
test tomorrow morning I'm so I'm kind of
excited you know like it's one of those
things I feel like I'm ready and my
instructor says I'm ready for my test
completely however we'll just see what
happens on the day dinner has arrived
we've got some chicken and some sweet
potato fries more chicken in there more
chicken soup Ted fries Marxist happy gym
food and then Zoe and Marcus have also
got peaks on the way no I haven't yes
you do
all markers so even is relapse marks has
come back with me home alfie is back
healthy pizza we're not gonna believe
that look a happy is look at this little
face so excited look at it doesn't even
look like a pizza and so it's got
margherita with extra mascarpone and
we're watching episode six of making a
murderer because Marx and I both haven't
finished it yet we're both on Episode
six oh yes go on
all right Moisture ship name look at
that as orcas hug Marella Marella yeah
right then I love it
but this guy's look at the dress tonight
my chest ACK I'm so manly
boy I'm so cold he cold yeah how's your
belly boy a lychee I've got a shade we
got a new show you isn't you had the
scrum-half a chit look at it Siva Nikki
what was the ocean your massive coat oh
yes the blue one actually inside it was
like an actual shape inside she's
definitely got it I know one of you guys
could be where Mazdas sheep if you got a
blue sheep coat from a charity shop that
could be from the morgue
didn't walk all right when we next seen
you I'm seeing you next Wednesday
Thursday I'm seeing you next Wednesday
Thursday yeah I'm seein everybody weird
I've just finished sending over all of
the pictures for the book all of the
last pictures just sent over like 80
photos this vest looks so weird it's so
creased oh my gosh I'm knackered guys it
is 11 minutes no eight minutes past
11:00 and I've got my driving test
tomorrow I'm so nervous I'm like don't
get me wrong I'm super excited I'm
finish it read like
quite confident but at the same time I
know just how easily something could
like not go majorly wrong but I could
forget to check my mirrors once and
therefore like fail the whole test and
like Marcus and Zoe such good drivers
but they both didn't pass first time so
if I don't pass first time I'm not going
to be like super annoyed don't get me
wrong I'm going to be a little bit
gutted but I'm not going to be like it's
not gutting because then you just have
to do the whole thing again yeah that's
the only thing is this just another ten
days it's knowing Matt noon again I
don't want the test or don't get nervous
that was my issue it's just waiting
another ten days to be able to drive and
Dorrit now might have set me the
challenge so I need to prove to the
bottom do it and so yeah I'm just really
really excited about tomorrow that's
what I'm excited about this goes at 5
p.m. tomorrow and if I came the next day
is the release of where we're possibly
have to wait don't you have to wait for
the video yeah that's the dealio are you
excited to guys give me some support in
the comments although there'll be no
point because by the time this goes live
I've even passed or failed and you won't
know until tomorrow don't tomorrow so
I'll catch you your head lit she looks
like is like you're dead yeah I'm dead
ok I'll catch you tomorrow good night ok
this is guys
