good morning guys
it is definitely not the morning however
I've had a productive morning I've been
in the office in fact Joe sugery
mr. Sehgal ride this morning I'm just
gone and got my lunch as well but I
choose another little carrot cake at a
coffee your lunch with mom on you I
would
I haven't eaten it yet so we can still
grab lunch I can just put this in my in
my free can you see my fridge let me
show you my fridge Poppy's here didn't
even notice that
Oh doesn't it looks sick now I've got
the coat think I'm in here that you've
ordered remember we ordered that
together how good is that so I can put
my sandwich in there and we go get my
sandwich put it in the fridge but papi
hasn't tried out these new chairs yet
and I want to do that whoa whoa look at
him
is it die n uh yeah well then let's
quickly give him a drink
don't die I'll hold this little lever
here pull it back lean back
yeah lean back lean back lean back lean
all right live your legs up it go lean
just lean back it goes into like a yeah
goes into like a bed how are sick is
that how secure they though
yeah they're so sick yeah and then put
it back up it comes up oh yeah
and then normally like these go up and
down and share gosh not anyway that's
not my chair I know they get on there so
it can't be yeah you should get oh I've
got two in there take one back with you
for a little bit right I'm going to
crack on with writing this their book
made my deadline for this book flop
tomorrow final deadline tomorrow it's
kind of time to head home now guys I
know I have fairly filmed edited today
but I promise you I've been sat in this
chair writing and writing and writing
stuff with his book I think I am like I
think I've got a one chapter left to
basically write tonight and tomorrow and
it's going to be the easiest chapter the
shortest chapter so far I can't tell you
why what it is but it's not that the
book isn't in chapters but I mentally
put it into Jack right into sections of
I do you'll understand when I tell you
more about it before I go my friend ASA
who came over to fix my sink for me saw
this on the side and I've never actually
opened it I think it was like 20 pounds
maybe this little drone it's actually
well camera on it as well but I don't
know how it works I don't know if it'll
be any good but yeah I think the drone
was like 20 pounds or something I've got
a slightly bigger version over there
that I think was like 30 pounds as well
it's just this little one in case you
are wondering that little one there and
then that's the big one but I haven't
got that one out yet and he was flying
it yesterday and like killing it like
doing really well and I am the worst at
flying drones I flew one of the big
expensive ones once kind of crashed it
on the beach and broke one of the things
well I don't know where to put you
so that you can see what I'm doing
because I can't hold you because I need
both hands for the control if you see
can you see it it's this little thing
there's like lighting up over over there
I'm not very good at this
I'm going to
table
oh yeah I'm gonna hold it like this and
try and fly it out of my hand okay
this is guys no I think this is
genuinely southern I am going to be able
to get good at unlike those little
things that I was on in yesterday's ago
where you go like that s I'm never going
to get a bit of those this is so much
fun
I need to go home up with Zoey and join
everyone I'm gonna kill me because I'm
so late I need to turn this off and
right let's pack up with the stuff let's
get going we're going to play with that
again more tomorrow because that was
actually sick and that I think that was
legit was like twenty or thirty pounds
or something and it flies or I say it
flies really well I feel like if I flew
it for like half an hour an hour I could
get very good at Oh can't don't have a
bin yet so every day I jump to take a
chunk eat those haven't used those
tissues I have to take my rubbish down
can't believe I got all the way in the
taxi guys oh my gosh it's on pitch black
I got into the taxi then realize oh my
gosh thought somebody was there well I'm
too freaked out yeah it's a pitch black
oh this is scary I got all the way I got
all the way into the taxi and then as I
took my bag or buzzer all within of my
laptop enough to come back with me left
my laptop in the office which means I
won't be able to carry on writing the
book tonight I want to get home there
you are you're coming with me
okay thank you so much sorry about that
thank you for waiting
patter evening going good good good I'm
glad it is raining NAL's mine
exactly it's blooming cold isn't it
lovely one big reader
hi I'm finally back home and I have my
laptop and I've just eaten a pizza what
worried about today it's very blue
what's hurting you on who I'm on a weed
one hairy guy that wouldn't know we're
not under water anymore
hopefully only a minute right you don't
have to Joe sorry them so excited she's
got the dogs right where my sin where
that Christian is well you said I would
wear a hat someone go ahead wearing a
hat no I'm I'm I thought I might know
I'm risking this way I've done my hair
should've had a shower by I didn't
shower much mayor this morning my part
if agree to move on is I took dry
shampoo it I've even done now I just I
just double gel dad even more held a
hair gel it like a growth can I go back
then
behind you you sit up high right what
are we filming can I say what we're
filming I'm Annette were filming a
zoella video you need to move back or
journey through foolish I'm caught me
forgot man Shapira wait you need that
I'm also sure you sit on that yeah what
we fail man can I tell them yeah what is
that
yeah we like boyfriend versus brother
okay yeah and they're all Joey still
what these be yours have annoyed you can
carry them all the way back to London
fishing about it wasn't jelly we
recorded watch out for bogey flavour
oh yeah oh good job you seen it have you
seen one of these before
oh my nib is like the best you haven't
seen this joke - that the bottom of your
phone you put it this is gonna blow your
mind
shut up 11 reader it's the best that
you've ever seen get out are you need
that in LA oh good well it was good
let's get back up this conceit dawn plug
it in my god ah
on your face it's a body Oh give him
something out them away ah
hey isn't it the sickest thing look you
sit there babe
so cool just join us when it's hot why
don't we know invent these names so you
don't meet each other or no right or two
it is mine oh yes
hot - you got an iPhone no hypno with
your good pad yo right this has been
recording like 20 minutes sorry mom okay
I'm gonna put your glass down alright we
just finished up filming that and I
found a book of crap
taxidermy you guys need to see this it's
so creepy like these real yeah under its
taxi daddy don't cry but how can you do
it crap because that's but you can't
just oh that is the creepiest cat I've
ever seen oh this is horrible
that book gets horrible one of the
presents we got joy for Christmas Rivers
was a little earlier eight his dream car
remote control we've only just set it up
with batteries and stuff sick I go it's
so sit boy that's like me on my driving
lessons oh not that bit yeah put it like
that and then try and go Shh and like
drift around it see if um if I do it if
I do it oh by an actual oh you all right
haha I can do it Joe Cool's rare Oh bye
definitely don't fight alright mate no
there we go
that's nice isn't it scratch that belly
view hahaha look a little messy one
look donkey you are alright guys it is
20 past 1:00 in the morning I am so
tired you know that chapter of the book
that I look so scary cuz the lights come
off from underneath you know that
chapter of my book that I wanted to
finish tonight I finished it I'm so
happy and I'm really really happy with
the outcome of it as well so hopefully
you guys will enjoy it in the book I
don't know what I'm saying I'm so tired
I'm probably speaking rubbish and I'm
gonna go to sleep now thank you so much
for watching today give the video I
can't show you my thumb holding my
laptop a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll catch you tomorrow good night it's
time to try them out okay they are so
hard let me just warn you
