good morning guys good yoke on us as
well
no I don't think why I was just such
literally the beginning of yesterday's
blows I've said guys I've started saying
how you do and I don't want that to be
my thing you say how you doing oh yeah
look at my camp I know outside lay down
Missy hey what's that noise
hello oh just the oven just me cooking
my lunch you know like proper cooking
some salmon not just a sandwich let's
have a look let's see what's going on oh
damn that looks delicious as you know
when we stayed in Cornwall my sister
made this salmon dish and it was
absolutely lovely and I was like Bobby
how would you just know how to cook
stuff like this so how do you do it
turns out it's really easy so I just I
just facetimed her now and she taught me
how to cook it whilst I was on Facebook
I realize I haven't got anything to go
with it I've literally got two bits of
salmon and that's it for my lunch
probably probably should have made some
rice or something to go to go alongside
quinoa in go it's time to open the
package I've kind of already opened it a
little bit so it's not opening it on
camera because this morning I didn't
know whether it is for me or whether it
was for Zoey but yo it is so exciting
okay I'm not gonna be any good at doing
this for a while it's something we can
practice together I don't know why I
bought this why am I done this I saw
them online they weren't expensive at
all and I saw the one line that I was
like these look awesome I have to get
them so basically two of these you stand
on them who's that messaging me Louie
Cole you stand on them and people just
do like the crazy
these tricks let me show you like a
little snippet of what some people can
actually join this I'll intro it here
I know I'm never going to be that good
of course I'm never going to be that
good but I just thought this looks like
my kind of thing
this looks like something that I want to
try so I bought two of them obviously I
bought two you can't just do it on one
huh huh oh my gosh there's so much
harder than what it looks let me put you
guys down somewhere and all my quinoa is
ready let's try it out oh okay it's
definitely much harder than what it
looks
oh yeah oh my god imagine if my legs go
either side I think that's they're gonna
have to be something that I take to my
office and I learn to do because that's
bloomin impossible and I'm gonna split
my balls my legs are gonna go either
side all right time for a little coffee
before I go it's turning on and just as
I'm making the coffee my driving starts
of rings on the door balance up ready
when you are right and it's whack on my
shoes put on a jumper grab my stuff and
I haven't had time to edit the daily
vlog yet another vlog that is going to
be late tonight I'm so sorry
I know I keep one I know how I keep on
saying it but I promise you it won't be
happening for long as soon as my driving
lessons all that the way your mommy car
she's eating banana oh that was quick
greedy girl
is that yummy it's like she can't
control her face for like ten seconds
turn in a little bit that's enough like
where you've made your family and they
wave at you real-life Sims
one of my favorite things to do is to
just speak to people that I don't know
that have nothing in common with me live
a completely different life living a
different doing a different job
having no me two friends and just
chatting with them sounds really really
weird I know
but when I get in things like taxis or
waiting for my food and restaurants
ordering food in places like pret where
I just got this coffee I love just
chatting to somebody seeing how much I
can get to know about them seeing just
how they're doing what they're up to
within a couple of minutes that I have
with them some people really love this
and some people would love to chat that
and hopefully it makes their day long
bear and it makes mine for sure
some people would opposite and hate me
speaking to them because they just don't
like speaking to you but that they don't
know and that it's completely fine for
example I just got in a taxi now to come
here and the taxi driver I thought you
know so hey how you doing ignored me
that's fine I mean it's a little bit
rude you can't just say hi that but
that's fine if you don't want to speak
back he then says did you not get the
calls oh okay I literally exhaust you
how you doing you didn't say hi so when
I order a taxi it calls me to say that
my taxis outside he called me within
three minutes of calling I was out and
inside the taxi but that wasn't good
enough for him that wasn't good enough
I'm not I'm not a lot of time to put my
shoes on em I jeez so he was grumpy and
didn't want to speak the whole journey I
then went
to prep to go and get myself a coffee or
though I did get decaf because I've
already had a coffee today as you've
seen and the woman in there loved
chatting too so I was chatting to her
about the most random of things talking
about the different drinks because they
don't stock the berry ones of these
anymore and this is a ginger and apple
and I said oh I might grab one of these
even though I might not like it she was
like it's very gingery and we were
chatting about the drinks and the
different stuff that's in them and then
I said okay I'm gonna get a carrot cake
but I'm also going to get this because
they kind of balance each other out she
was like don't be silly this is one of
your five a day it's got carrot in it
that's good whew and we were joking
about that and stuff and then because we
were chatting I'm guessing this is
because we were chatting and she enjoyed
the little chat that we had she said you
know what when I pay in like put in mine
I don't know why that's Payens not lemon
typing on a keyboard when I put in my
pin in my machine she was over oh I
haven't charged you for the coffee I was
like oh okay
thinking maybe it was a mistake and
she'll do it again in case you didn't
like this I didn't want to charge you
for your coffee so you can have your
coffee on the house what a blooming
lovely lady it is crazy how I can go
from a taxi journey with a man who
doesn't even want to say hello to me
doesn't even want to like ask anything
or know anything about me except from
why I took more than two minutes to get
in his taxi and that wasn't quick enough
for him to somebody that's willing to
give me a free drink because we had a
chat about this drink here it's mad and
then I met one of you guys outside who
is so lovely and just chatting about how
she'd been to the orthodontist and I was
I've got the dentist on Thursday two
issues are it's so annoying and I was
like don't worry it's just one of those
things in life we just have to do and
you have to get out the way but it's
good because it means you have good
teeth it's mad
I like being somebody who my CCTV is
just got up in the kitchen I'm gonna get
on with editing the daily vlog because
it's already 20 minutes late and I
haven't even begun the editing so if you
see me come and chat to me 7 minutes
until the new vlog goes live
I've just had somebody over like a build
a carpenter kind of person to come over
and sort out all of the walls and sets
and everything so I think in the next
like week or two he's gonna come and
start building it all here for me which
is going to be awesome now the little
thing that I bought earlier the exciting
package that arrived I don't know where
it's gone oh there they are
he tried them out we were like messing
about and like the little bike and
cleanest as well I didn't film anything
with him and these little things it's
time to try them out okay
they are so hard let me just warn you
because they like this bit let me show
you see if you want to turn you have to
like I don't really know how you do it
like I have no idea I can't I can't even
stand on them I feel like why am i doing
this and filming it at the same time
what I should do is I should put it on
my my little stick then I should put you
guys on here are you ready I don't think
I am I don't know how to I can't even
reach you this is crazy how you guys are
staying here you're not even coming home
with me I'm fed up do you know how to
use you you're too complicated and I'm
going to break my spine if I time carry
on so I'm heading over to attempt a
jumper probably it's freezing I'm
heading home also I had somebody come a
friend of mine who's a plumber come and
look at how to try and fix my sink
because my sink in here has been blocked
ever since I got this place it came with
a block sink and I was so annoyed
because I did I fix and I said you can't
just sell me like when I write this
place yeah give it to me with a block
sink so I've got my friend to come over
he's a plumber
he literally bought over
acid stuff and everything to like get it
fixed this is all it took for turning on
that switch
he was like Alfie you haven't even
turned it or not I wouldn't mean turn it
on it's a sink so why would you turn on
a sink he was like because you've got
this special water system has like an on
and off button
it's not like well I didn't never knew
that so turns out this whole time I've
had no sink I've had a working sink
I just haven't turned it on I'm locked
in my own office by listen home just in
case you were wondering I'm about a nine
point six out of ten about to wet myself
I cannot remember the last time I needed
the toilet as bad as I do right now and
I could have gone in my office well I
thought I should get home because I'm
running late
hi there how you doing yeah good yeah
yeah how's your day going yeah I hope
it's busy for you yeah yeah this looks
so good
come on again let's go to bed
come on yeah
guys you should see Zoe's cake today
don't let me do that it's so big I'm not
allowed to pull this off in case I get
out what's inside out
there's carrots all right it's a carrot
cake basic pieces are you drinking
enough down there Kira raisins carrot
orange cinnamon it's a base of really
fancy carrot cake it's a carrot cake
with like everything delicious in it but
I'm not allowed to eat it today you have
to wait till tomorrow because Joseph
Sudbury it's coming over do you know
Joseph sorry it's not just like that's a
different person he's coming over
tomorrow at some point so me and Joe got
a meeting here tomorrow and then and
then we're allowed it but now they're
off to the meeting or during the meeting
which I'm not you're gonna be I'm gonna
be at my office because tomorrow is as
you know one day less wondered war on c4
I did for second so he said I just tried
and dog poop and I thought I had
obviously happen because now there's not
naughty improving on the floor are you
you being a good girl
coming in let's go up can you carry this
up to there for me sorry to carry my
braces up to bed for me alright I need
to take the load of stuff up cuz I need
to these are going to do some work in
bed I'm now tucked up in bed guys I have
been it looks like I'm in a party the TV
is on it's like thanks
I've been writing my third book for
literally like the past hour it is
getting there it's only done as you're
watching this I've only got one day left
until the last deadline for the book and
then more or less everything that's done
I need still need you like boyfriend
check it all and everything but it's
basically done it is so exciting it's
really really coming together now and
just put on started watching watch this
film called again the wolf of Wall
Street I haven't seen in ages I love it
I watched to the cinema really I chair
think I watched it listen no of Marzia
and Felix now Mike Finn no indeed I went
to go and see it with some friends and
then they said to me daughter go and see
it and I was like yeah I loved it
let's go watch it again so actually went
to come watch you of them a couple of
days later and yeah that's about it I
hope you've enjoyed today's video give
it a big ol thumbs up if you did
tomorrow as I said Joe's coming over
Zoe's here their mum's here so
compliment
SOG take over at the house so I'll catch
you tomorrow
did I say good the video thumbs up I
don't know you guys know today don't
forget to subscribe as well this channel
is nearly somehow at 3 million
subscribers I've no idea this is on my
second channel that is crazy I'll catch
you tomorrow
cool oh your hip hit me straight in the
head wet Willie ray
