good morning guys I'm still asleep but I
feel like I'm still asleep anyway I
don't know if I actually am still asleep
or not am I dreaming
mwah apparently I'm obviously not still
asleep sleep I'm a freaking goon
why am I freaking goon why I'll come in
and tell me that to my face do you want
to fight so he says am i starting a farm
I've got Nora's jumper here it's a
little bit too big for look how big it
is and that she jumped off the bed and
she was wearing it as she jumped off the
bed a minute ago both her legs fell out
like the leg holes and she just jumped
out of her jumper as she jumped off the
bed we tried to sleeping in her new bed
last night and it worked we didn't get
woken up at like 7:00 a.m. from her be
like let me out come and play with me um
she just chilled and just stayed chillin
by yourself last night so the new bed
thing really worked that was good
did you want to fight yeah go numb Oh
your hip hit me straight in the head
Whitney ah you got wet will you babe no
no it is like what's happening you know
Nona
let me up nope I need to fill Oh what
our do a hot your head hey Missy hello
what have you been doing this morning
with mummy what have you been doing
tell everyone you tell them what what
did you see and play with this morning
that you've never seen before
can she do that yeah Oh honestly pushy
good well this morning Nala has
experienced for the time gonna try and
get out of bed
showing you my boxers my pants oh no
you're going to have to see them in the
mirror now honey gone basically this
morning what so I filled with this
morning Nala experienced snow for the
very first time it's snowing baby
it's snowing yeah did you like it did
mummy take you out and you just eat it
like it was food I've got about 20
minutes to get ready this morning
because my auntie and my cousins two
children are over at my parents house so
I'm a canvass flashings Bertram on it
must be any second so got to be quick or
over my parents house and I've agreed
with my cousin's little boy Jake that I
would play Monopoly he's seven years old
and he says he's going to beat me and
I'm pretty damn good at male police oh
we're gonna have to have to wait and
find out we've done over at 11 o'clock
popping Shana goes as well
Zoey's coming in all has come in we're
all having a big old game of Monopoly
and then I think we're gonna have
macaroni cheese for lunch pop so he's
filming
just got to my office so went over to my
parents house or let me could you tell
someone when I was my parents house from
Zoey Anala to go and hang out with my
cousin's kids and my auntie and I don't
if I told you I think I did that he is
obsessed with monopoly now he's seven
years old people playing was me
Shaun Zoey my auntie and him Jake
bloomin won a seven-year-old beat me at
monopoly I came second and Jake won he
like I don't understand I told him
because I know he watches this video so
hey Jacob you're watching I told him
that I was going to tell everyone he
watched my videos that I won and he was
I know you can't lie so I'm not lying I
admit I just lost monopoly to a
seven-year-old a seven-yard he was so
good like it was the stations
he got all of the train stations and
then was just slamming everyone he was
absolutely killing it so fair enough
Jake you are the king of Monopoly you
just beat me and I am a sore loser
because I love monopoly and I'm normally
where's the person that wins but now I
need to come back or come back to my
office Morty at my office and I need to
stop cracking on with what these lights
on with my third book because I've
literally got all my deadlines this week
and I need to work my butt off and get
it done in time I'm gonna have to go for
another lucozade sport guys I don't
often drinks drinks like Lucas Aiden
things but I need some I need some
energy I don't even know what to say to
you guys use that text to me it's
quarter past 10:00 I'm still at my
office
I still haven't eaten I've been living
literally living on these that was
yesterday don't worry I didn't eat all
of these today unlike nearly finished a
packet that's my dinner
that's been my dinner I need I've got so
much more work to do on this third book
but I need to go home
quarter past ten i'm so hungry and tired
i've got a proper early start tomorrow
I've gone meeting was not proper early
but my meeting my first meeting is at 10
o'clock and then it goes straight into
drive-in so I need to edit my daily vlog
before that and oh my delivery is due
tomorrow morning before 1 o'clock ok
I've got a super exciting parcel summit
stupid arriving tomorrow listen I did
manage upload money main Channel video
tonight and my daily vlog they're both
like and they're both looking looking
good you guys are enjoying them which oh
I've got a protein bar my bag I could
have eaten now I've been so hungry
because it's Sunday I would normally
just nip up and go and grab some food
but it's Sunday so everywhere is
literally closed at the moment wallet
keys phone I've got a little points blog
case on here - blog case on my phone and
need my hat what I'm at do is tomorrow
when I come to my office I've got oh my
gosh I just thought I saw somebody in my
office that scared me so much holy crap
I don't like being here by myself late
at night time to lock first door knock
this door twice do I go in the lift or
do I go down the stairs the stairs is
much more scary the lift sounds bloomin
scary as well well I'm going to turn off
these lights and then run in the lift
oh my bloomin God ground-floor God close
the door close the door oh my gosh guys
this bill is looking like a horror prank
to you watching this you're just a home
like safe on your when you're so full
can you hit quick in when you're so
forth and then I'm so it's good and it
Lourdes they will do ready to fight
someone for there's someone here the
doors aren't opening but captain were
good we made out alive well we're always
safe raw edge is blooming freezing can
you see my see my mouth and not my mouth
I mean like the cold air coming out my
mouth it was snowing this morning
there's no snow at all here anymore now
it's soaking wet floor oh my gosh I need
to stop logging because my hands are so
cold
Zoe and her mother both asleep in bed
I've got to be quiet
Justine some halloumi and make them a
little toasty toasted ham cheese bagel
if you never tried dipping halloumi into
humus you're missing out on life mmm
even though this is cold in left over
from Zoe's dinner there's still
delicious look up big gnarly looks NOLA
you taking up much the bed here you
taking up most the bed look how long you
look alright guys I am gonna go to sleep
now thank you so much for watching today
sorry again that is a bit mismatched
it's the book stuff is taken up and I
don't want to keep on making up like
excuses legit the book will be finished
in like less than a week and then so my
driving test and then moving back to
norm of logs I promise you I promise you
I promise you
thank you so much for sticking by I hope
you enjoyed the new main channel video
and I'll catch you all remember that
parcels arriving tomorrow I'm super
excited about that I catch you tomorrow
good night
I just feel like it's been so long since
we've all properly hung out like loads
of us I'd done like a big like a tower
meetup or something crazy
