good morning guys
how are you doing I don't know why I did
this how you're doing on with my intro
let's not make that then let's just keep
the good morning guys because sometimes
I say how you doing sometimes are doing
bad I'm out of breath just been running
up with the stairs to the office town is
the busiest place in the world today it
is humbling boy is a Saturday and the
weather well with this lock there we go
but I know fridge are you doing that I
mean let me get a nice cold bottle of
water our view is nice and cold as well
four degrees perfect temperature don't
want it frozen got four three chairs
today well I don't have to do it today
but I'd like to what have you been up to
today oh my gosh I thought I'll come
through this chair was today just looked
blooming beautiful like I wish I could
show you what it looks like out the
window but I don't want to because then
you'd all know exactly where my office
is but trust me as you can tell by the
light on my face from the window it is
beautiful today it is such a lovely day
and I'm at the office on a Saturday
because today is one of the last days I
can officially work on my third book so
I've come to the office to try and write
the loss few pages and tomorrow as well
I'm guessing I've got to do quite a lot
tomorrow I'm still got a little bit to
do basically and because I've been doing
all my driving I haven't had a chance to
do as much as I would have liked to I'm
gonna spend the day right in my third
book building a couple of chairs I did
offered to bring knowledge today
although it would have been awesome to
bring knowledge my office I want to like
build a corner or like an area
not on their den and make it like
amazing because at the moment all I got
there's a couple of toys of hers down
there and then I've also got like down
here then if you can see because I've
talked to your wife were like a really
nice soft blanket for her and stuff but
I want that to be like a proper fun area
for Nala to play in and spend time when
she comes here because eventually I
wouldn't be bringing her to my office
once it's all done most days of the week
because I think you just I think it
would be so cool to have an office dog
like just have an early all that
puttering around and then when I go get
lunch you can come out with me for like
walks and stuff and I think I'd be
really cute but anyways just put myself
some some breakfast slash lunch actually
no I have breakfast today I had some of
Zoe's what was it banana cake she made a
banana cake yesterday so I had some of
that regret less than a cup of tea and
now I've got a tuna and cucumber
baguette oh yeah kind of stole those as
tours is this bad I was in prep and also
do you have any straws no oh yeah
they're all down the side over there and
I thought it'd be good to have some
straws in my office I don't have a name
so I kind of stole like 15 straws is
that bad I don't think it's bad pret is
like a multi-billion pound company they
can afford some stores and I did buy
stuff it's not like I walked in there
and just stole them and then I also
bought Oh got bread furet cream of
chicken soup chicken soup chicken soup
on a cold day couldn't be Vidia you
couldn't meet it so that's my lunch
today
I be getting some soup and I better
crack on with this boom oh by the time
this is going up you're probably
probably the same kind of time as my new
main channel videos I will even into a
down below when it's up if it's not up
yet actually 40 will be up by the time
you're watching this I hope you're
enjoying it I filmed it the other day
and yeah it's quite strange it's a good
one it's strange though it is I will let
you know what it is it is called
something along the lines of I come from
what I called you what do you uploaded
it's scheduled I think it is called like
boy he tries with beauty products I
basically went online I
ordered some of the weirdest-looking
beauty products you've ever seen your
life
didn't know what they were just ordered
them and then tried to use them in the
video and they're strange they're really
strange I know I should be working but
I've just got stuck in the loop of
watching like fan edits of me it
literally makes me so emotional stuff
like this like I can't handle it I'm
watching one now bye and I always
pronounce her name wrong and I've
promoted her videos so many times I
think it's high end or head high end I'm
not sure I love shots like this like the
crowd shots back here there's stuff like
with loads of you guys that way here
they get shot by large shots like that
it's so crazy I want to meet more of you
I feel like I just feel like it's been
so long since we've all properly hung
out like loads of us I'd done like a big
like eight hour meet up or something
crazy I wish we could all just I wish I
could invite you all in you all fit in
this office and we can hang out play
table tennis and stuff all day that'd be
so sick but it's just a shame we're not
ashamed that there's so many of you
because it's amazing obviously don't get
me wrong but I just wish there was some
way in which we could all hang out
together like everyone was in the same
country at the same time and we can all
just chill but it's not really realistic
is it I suppose all I can do is meet as
many of you as I possibly can all the
time so if you ever see me in the street
and stuff please do come up and say
hello please just I don't know I want to
meet you guys I want to give you all the
hard go on to say hello and a chat to
you so come up and say hello if you see
me if you if you know like somewhere I'm
going like an event or hotel or
something come and say hello I always
want to meet more of you this year I am
going through a lot of YouTube events
don't you worry
and there's already I don't know what
I'm allowed to Oh
Jerry so scary I don't know what I'm
allowed I literally feel so scared I
don't know what I'm allowed to say like
where I'm going yet but the big YouTube
event you guys could probably guess the
ones I will be going to the ones in
America and stuff I'm not gonna say too
much because I don't know what I'm
allowed to say but you guys some of you
will get the hint of what I'm saying but
yeah I just want to do as many YouTube
events and as many book signings and not
even just book signing was just events I
wish there's a way to do events for free
because back in the day when I used to
do like meetups and stuff we'd be able
to just meet up and hang out in the park
and just chill and chat or go to the
beach together mean Zoey I remember we
had a meet up at the beach once we gave
everybody one days notice and there was
like 300 people turned up to the beach
to come and hang with Zoey and I and it
was so awesome my fortune if we did that
now it would get very very busy and we'd
have to have our security and stuff and
that's what we have to do it inside
venues and hire holes and things like
that or just go to the YouTube event or
make a YouTube event like Almaty fest
and things like that was awesome because
otherwise too many people turn up and
then things just get dangerous and you
guys get hurt and things so I don't know
if anyone can think of a way in which we
can I can do more meetups more regularly
and stuff like that then let me know
obviously it makes it a little bit hard
to travel like come to Brazil to reach
up I've got a dog at home so it's kind
of kind of hard to just pop on a plane
and go to another country but I'm not
saying I'm not gonna come to Brazil not
saying I'd yet you really want to go to
Brazil this year not saying I don't want
to come to all your different countries
wherever you guys live I want to do that
trust me I want to do that more than you
guys want me to do that so I'm just
letting you know that I'm watching all
these videos back and daily vlogs or me
going to all the events and stuff like
that that I've been to in the past and
it's bloomin amazing like it makes me so
emotional watching all these videos
especially like this this is like a 21st
birthday video and it's so damn cute and
AH basically I want to meet more of you
more often
don't you Ari I would do everything I
possibly can to make that happen this
year currently editing yesterday's vlog
and look at this so this is that my face
completely forgot that I had them I am
so happy that I'm edited and I'm just
seeing that because I could so do some
mini eggs right now
time for an and those guys
late-night Nando's on a Saturday Nando's
Nando's Nando's Nando's Nando's Nando's
guys if you couldn't already tell I
think we got an A in dough's we got a
Nando's back from my office as you can
tell my hair looks so weird today so so
straight yeah I don't if you guys and I
don't even shown you so we've basically
set knowledge Oh baby can you not get
any more we've made Nala like a little
den so her beds inside there come on
baby come on you always jump in and out
she too sleepy hey you tired little one
yes you can't be tired we got to your
Nando's no wards doors all right let me
go with my through my Nando's order with
you because this is a very specific
thing so what I care where is it not so
is here I go for a lemon and herb
chicken wrap with Hulu me inside the
wrap you have to have it inside you
can't get on the outside it tastes
better on the inside so I asked her do
you meat on the inside then I get some
peri-peri chips not plain chips they
have to have the peri-peri salt on top
of them then they're delicious a little
bit spicy but good then trying to back
up what sides of mine and what sides and
Zoe's also it depends how healthy I'm
trying to be
because sometimes I go for a different
order and I'll go through that in a
second then as a side I get where is
that what am i no more so is nacho peas
and spicy rice as well Matt trapeze and
spicy watch the piece and very good very
very good then if I'm trying to be
healthy which I have I have actually got
today because as you know I'm trying to
put on weight and everything like that
so I did actually get another meal today
if I'm trying to be healthy not the
chocolate cake that's obvious there's a
flippin good chocolate cake but that's
not mine
you don't be healthy I go for this and
it is delicious the quinoa salad quinoa
salad amazing then I add some lemon herb
chicken on the tops this is a little box
with a chicken put that chicken on the
salad delicious we're watching Luther
and there's like a really really really
intense part apparently I fell asleep
last night so I didn't get to watch yet
Zoe is said I want to watch your
reaction I was like no let's film it
this is season 3 episode 1 and he's in
the Attic
ok alright play fetch me pizza
should it go to place so cynical place
oh my god
no so imagine you're asleep next to me
in the pitch-black well why I'm it is
currently ten minutes to two super early
tomorrow so I got you
Oh
