oh good morning guys
how you doing how you doing how you
doing how you doing what am i doing what
am i doing I'm getting ready to go my
driving lesson
what what do I need I got some comfy
clothes on today today I've got a mock
test so I'm getting picked up any minute
now taken over to where my test is gonna
be and then we're doing like 40 minutes
I'm her not speaking to me just telling
me where to go and exactly like the test
is going to be on the day which I've
changed the date I can now tell you when
the new driving test is gonna be oh it
is going to be on Friday so today is
Friday it was meant to be my test today
and then obviously as you know I lost my
things just get put back a week so my
test is next right look at my head my
chest is on Friday which I'm sorry I'm
excited about anyways I need to get my
butt downstairs get my shoes on Nala is
going crazy this morning where's my hat
I want to put a hat on my head cuz I got
my hair knowledge going crazy this
morning let's go and see ya where's your
toy where's Hedgehog okay get octopus
let's show them how we play let me see
your banana life oh it's already oh my
gosh the sugar on that looks my trying
to pick it out to show you that wasn't
the best idea but look I don't know if
they can see the brown sugar let me try
to focus it look at that oh so ready
bacon you're gonna put on your blog
we've got a zoella photo shoot going
down my god you line up those little
chocolate business like sporadic you
can't
actually like I drop you have to drop
them some people do like you know lay
them out let's let make it look nice
oh come on cheeky bananas yeah some
flowers just to be a little bit blurry
in the shop you only missing one then
yeah okay the cake the cake flowers bear
though yes and we got a camera of charge
yes
cameras quite important to take them I
don't know what lens to use though what
would you recommend maybe a nice 30 mil
no you don't you don't like the 30 mil
lens do you where's your cheeky little
20 your 40 ml pancake your little
pancake lens there you've been done and
I mean whatever looks good once you need
that oh yeah oh my gosh why does this
always happen to me
all of my bags split Oh
today has been hectic I've got so much
explaining to do you guys have got so
much to catch up one let me put you down
more Sonny take my jacket off okay
driving lesson thumbs up incredibly good
I had a practice test like a mock test
and I got eight minors which is a pass
or get you can have up to 15 minors or
in your driving test obviously the lower
the number the better I've still got a
couple of hours at five hours of driving
lessons next week and I only got eight
minors so that's looking good so far
then I jumped in my personal trainer
actually not even jumped in it wasn't as
easy as that
my personal trainer came over but
instead of working out I called in a
favor and I was that buddy you've got a
massive van can I fill your band with
stuff that I meant to put into my office
and together we'll bring all over to my
office so we've got all of this we've
got four desk chairs we've got a bloomin
massive double fridge we've got all my 1
million
mama needs the drugs we've got loads of
pointless books we've got just tons of
stuff like consoles and games and
keyboards and loads of stuff that was
meant to be over here from day one when
I moved in and I never managed to get it
over because I can't drive and it
doesn't really fit in anyone else's car
so oh my gosh I'm like sweating then
then on top of that I just went to the
coop and bought tons of drinks to put
the fridge about 24 bottles of water
eight luca's aids for Red Bulls and
twelve Coca Cola's why do I even call it
coca-cola nobody cuz it coca-cola twelve
cokes
it's put in the fridge and of course of
course all the bags have to split well
actually to out the full bag split on
the way up and the drinks were just pour
in everywhere we don't complain I'm in
my office
everything is here the time is currently
like 6 p.m. I haven't even had a chance
today to edit the daily blog yet have I
ever shown you one of these before so it
basically says congratulations for
surpassing 1 million subscribers and
then the YouTube channel so when you hit
1 million YouTube subscribers and this
is like 24 karat plated gold or
something where does it say on that it
says Ola there can you see you guys
can't really see but it says 24 it is
like plated 24 karat gold YouTube give
it to you when you hit a million
subscribers now obviously I have three
channels with over a million subscribers
so I've never opened these ones before
but in here I should have either my
second channel or my gaming channel look
at that whoa okay let's get building
these chairs yeah guys I am like
sweating out I've been unpacking
non-stop the fridge looks absolutely
awesome look at that stuck it up we've
got a load of water along the top then
we got some lucozade some redbull of
some mini eggs these guys are back in
stock this is at my favorite chocolate
and then we've got a load of cokes as
well I don't really drink fizzy drinks
at all but you never know if somebody
comes to you and they want some visi
drinks they can have some fizzy drinks
and then of course you've seen that I've
got my three blacks there this part is
super tidy over here now got a nice
little anything up there
I haven't yet unpacked these chairs I
need to do that now I've got a little
stack because obviously because my merch
is always printed a limited edition I
always order like twenty or thirty
myself just to keep in case I have any
tea until I family or friends and just
for myself for when I'm older because
literally once they're gone as you war
as you know they are gone so I've got a
little stack down here of 25 calendars
of mine just to keep for when I'm older
and stuff and then I'll wait I didn't
show you these ever I don't think this
you get one of these when you hit a
hundred thousand subscribers on YouTube
a cute little silver one I've got a load
of my first book and loaded my second
book stacked up which is cool and of
course one of the little limited-edition
tins I think that maybe the only one I
got I need to get some more but again
they're limited edition my kitchen
there's no different exactly the same as
usual I still haven't used this yet in
one of my gaming videos I need to use
this I've got a week planner I want to
stop in all my videos up in each box so
that I know what videos I'm uploading
when of course some listen ISM Justin
Bieber at the moment editing all day
every day on that little stall it's not
good for my back but I'm so excited
it sounds so lame but I don't think you
guys understand how happy having a
fridge makes me
I don't know actually you know what I'm
gonna treat myself I'm gonna have a
bloomin lucozade sport I said that what
I did because you know the other day we
wanted to zzs but unfortunately there
was like a gas or gas leak or something
like that
so there to close the restaurant
restaurant now for 24 hours I said sorry
I'm gonna pick you up is easy on the way
home
whoa so this is the chair obviously it
can go up and down and all these can
move it's got two pillows built into it
for like extra support let me put you
guys down here show you oh my gosh my
favorite thing about this chair can
literally lay in the way back that is
the best thing look at I'm done if I
should trust it because that's what it's
meant to do but it just feels wrong whoa
oh my gosh this is so scary
ah that is so good
this is basically a bed in my office man
no I don't even know if I put my legs up
like this and then I put this back oh my
gosh oh my gosh I've literally got a bed
I bloom and got a bed in my office look
at that if I'm ever working super late
at night this is where those are come in
the dentist if I'm ever working super
late at night I can just sleep here now
on this and I'm gonna have to leave four
of them these are amazing I am 15
minutes late for dinner for the food but
it doesn't matter because I managed to
get the daily vlog up I just edited it
and uploaded it now whilst waiting for
the food I didn't have because I've
entered it on my iMac today and not my
laptop I didn't have my little intro my
little like put this vlog there
unfortunately
so sorry that that wasn't in yesterday's
blog do I with y'all know I'm a I don't
affirm or jumped-up
I think I did but they cut tidied it
away somewhere
doo doo doo doo doo doo whilst the
videos been uploaded I've just been
watching so many carpool videos like
James Corden I cannot believe what I do
believe because it's real but it is
unbelievable that Adele's carpool video
if you haven't seen it go gloom and
check it out because it is insane Ian
has already got 24 million views in like
one day 24 million like what the heck
what the heck
ah my bloomin toe oh my gosh how is that
block so heavy ah
I honestly oh yo think I just broke my
tongue hold leave wow I've never hit my
toe that hard before okay there we go
Oh tidy oh good let's forgotten
something
my fridge oh I could take some mini eggs
no I'll leave them in the office have I
got everything my bar mobile wallet keys
camera that is the five check I always
do my five check see you later
completely forgot how busy to be on a
Friday night at 10 p.m. I'm walking
around wearing like a bloomin tracksuit
because I just wanted to wear comedy
clothes today whilst learning to drive
and then ended up just staying in the
comfy clothes because they're comfy and
now I'm walking around town looking like
a nutter at 10 p.m. on a Friday or in a
bloomin tracksuit
oh here we go
zizi's finally only 20 minutes late I've
got all the goods guys got beliving
enough food for two of us three we got I
didn't even realize it ordered that much
I'm like a 52 out of 10 hungry and happy
with this so I've got some calamari some
spicy chicken pasta and then a chicken
salad are you happy so he's also got a
ridiculous amount of meals she's got
what have you got
arancini bruschetta Pomodoro and pizza
Oh tree watching Luth that I can't stop
falling asleep we've just watched how
many did we watched three episodes of
Luther and I fell asleep halfway through
that that one it is so good but damn I
don't even know in the time is I'm so
tired today
oh it's 1:00 in the morning it is 10
minutes to 1:00 I'm gonna end the vlog
because I thought I was I'm just gonna
falling asleep again without ending it
so I hope you enjoyed it well so I don't
want to keep on apologizing again but
thank you so much for sticking by this
week because I know the vlogs have been
a little bit more boring than usual
because I've been learning to drive all
day everyday so I will be back to normal
logs and very very soon probably stylet
tomorrow but the day after or something
so give the video a thumbs if you
enjoyed it I'll catch you tomorrow good
night wait let me close the door
let me close that go on you got it
