by Nala se you later on me kiss holla
no not the camera okay you give them a
kiss oh my gosh you just did a front
flip and I got you good morning guys
today we're kicking it off in my office
with a lift
delicious delicious delicious late
breakfast of some pasta with cheese and
bacon and cauliflower and then have also
got this all ready for lunch the time is
currently half past 12:00 I've had a
super productive morning Zoe gave nyla a
bath this morning I always look blue
when I whenever I was in front of my
computer because I got a blue background
I should change it to white or something
so the lights better on my face and Zoe
given all about this morning so she's
smelling or delicious and she's like
super fluffy and soft at the moment I
love her after we give her a bath she's
so soft I just jumped in a taxi and came
to my office to get uploading the new
daily vlogs yesterday's one didn't
manage to go up on time which sucked you
just spent ages processing it so some
are loading it now and then I'm also
uploading today's vlog and I just edited
that now so it's all good so far all
good on this side of things how are you
doing
I hope you having a lovely day I hope
you are I just loved this this little
bike I don't know why I can't even ride
it like I'm not even good but let me
figure there I just find it so fun like
I can't stop doing this well let's hope
my driving is a bit better than my
cycling ah I have got an hour and a half
until my driving lesson so I need to and
it's all that's something good to happen
today Zoe got her twitter name change
from Zhu Zeebo to the leather she
finally has zoella
on twitter so it matches all her
Instagram and everything that's super
exciting I'm going to carry on finish
eating this I'm also going to make some
thumbnails for my new gaming videos that
I've got coming up starting soon then
I'm going to download some
games to play for gaming videos then I'm
gonna head back home do my driving
lesson and all I need that's what I
should do first edit this Sunday's new
main channel video I filmed it last
night
and it is so weird
slash funny slash strange I think you're
going to like it alright I'm packing up
like absolute mad I've got 12 minutes to
get home for my driving lesson I've just
had a proper bad chest pain I haven't
really had I haven't explained my chest
to you
I should explain what's going on with my
chest at the moment because there's been
some big changes over Christmas so I
will let you know later on once more in
such a rush I will tell you later on
tonight I need to clear all of this away
absolutely blitzed it guys when in there
got so much work done oh my gosh so
productive I've just put up I've just
uploaded scheduled for 6:00 p.m. on
Sunday my main channel video edited
uploaded thumbnail everything oh just
got home I've literally got like how
many minutes - five minutes until wow
that looks sick until my driving so this
is not as normal bed but because we got
like a new one and it has really nice
padded here it's quite like he's not
very tall she looks a little bit
squished so Zoey has just ordered her I
reckon I think a new one look at the
size of it does she love it don't try
and get in there
Oh mommy's getting in your bed what's
your bed Nala you can't fit in there my
god haha wait wait wait let me close the
door let me close that go go go go go
gone you got it yeah no hello what
what's mommy doing how am I gonna get
out alright goodbye goodnight imagine
imagine at night John maybe not okay
night so me seen them on in oh my gosh
you got me no really not a bit squished
oh no I'm not like massively squish no
you look quite cozy just isn't it just
the fact that it's metal you ready to
come out yeah I'll just leave you in
there could you get yourself out there
like this Houdini you have like 30
seconds to get out
yeah and you didn't even know it but
it's pretty good you know all right look
it imagine that is a glass one right my
turn
you think I can actually do it techno
coffee shakes I went to
I've got Bruin driving lesson innocent
no don't take your shoes off cause
realistically I'm not gonna get in it oh
my god how did you wrap it in this fair
oh oh come on you know you can get your
money out did not feel claustrophobic I
hate this good I could let you feel like
I can't breathe
it's cool get your bum in that's the bit
yeah yeah that's it I feel like the
reason is so horrible I feel like I
could do it I feel like I could fit in
there I feel like you could if you took
the cushion out no we push it in I feel
like if I was wearing pajama legs are
too long no that's the problem like I
can bend my legs inside that look from
gymnastics fact driving lesson right we
will try this slow let me forget later
on tonight I'm gonna put my pajamas my
Divya - if someone comes over this just
me and you just tucked away it's a
really great place for me to hide if I
need to get away from weary comfortably
yeah it wasn't that bad go for it right
when I get back
so he's told me that she's gonna have is
it gonna be ready for when they get back
it is tell them what you're doing three
and a half hours there for hours so I'm
gonna make you a homemade from scratch
chicken pie exciting all right I'll see
you in a few hours
good luck cook in join a vlog yet I'll
leave my camera here you can film bets
okay guys I'm gonna leave my camera here
hello Alfie the vlog so so far what I've
done is I've done the shortcrust pastry
and I've got these little kind of pie
dishes
so this is basically what I'm going to
put our pies in so I've done the short
crust base and then I've got a puff
pastry top to go on top so it kind of
rises up a little bit here are some of
the ingredients we've got some smoky
bacon because I want to put a few little
cut-up pieces of bacon in there as well
some carrots and peas some onion gravy
some chicken and then we're going to
have some veg on the side so we've got
some asparagus and we've got some what
is that called tender stem broccoli and
because I had some shortcrust pastry
leftover I've made some little jam tarts
these ones a raspberry and these ones a
jam strawberry I mean they're all jam so
I'm going to pop these in and then eat
those and maybe save some for pudding
but next thing I'm going to do is start
on the chicken and okay so I'm currently
Froines and bacon and then we've got
this which is just simmering away which
is gravy carrot and the chicken and then
I'll add some chopped up bacon and then
I'll also add some frozen peas okay guys
this is now done so I've basically just
left this to simmer I added the peas and
I've also seasoned it with some salt and
pepper and I am now going to leave this
know I'm going to put this into the pies
actually and then we'll put the top on
the pie and then it's ready to cook
righty I've just poured all the contents
into the two pies and it actually worked
out at just the right amount as well so
I'm very happy with that I feel like I
should probably leave it to cool down
before I put the top on but I don't know
but what I can say is these are
absolutely freakin delicious
I'm very proud of myself because it's a
nice party home-cooked meal plus pie is
one of my favorite things to eat as you
can see I've now put the puff pastry on
top I've done three little slits and
I've also put some little puff pastry
leaves and now I'm putting an egg wash
on top which is just egg yolks I've done
that one and I'm going to do this one
basically it just Browns in the oven and
makes it look nice I've just walked
through the door I hope so he's been
filming for you guys I hope you've
enjoyed deserving a vlog NOLA has been
so crazy excited to see me hey baby
hello hello look how soft you are oh oh
oh okay hello hello Wow how's it been
going is it going good yeah yes yeah how
good is it that can I see them well I've
just put them in verse twenty two
minutes
oh you happy with that
yeah look at your little face before no
did a par five no didn't and I had
leftover pastry so I make no you can
just tidy up afterwards art ideal and
I'm making jam tarts kazillion did you
yeah I have to say this looks so good
where did you get the little pots from
they're so cute
check out these little pots guys look at
my big old chicken pie look at all my
veg as well have you tried the pie yeah
is it really hot it's a good sign though
that it's hot I love the look of it and
what's this little bit a leaves even but
leaves on the top it looks so good thank
you so much and what we gonna do we're
gonna watch some more Luther I've got
into some comfy clothes wear some
tracksuit bottoms no I think she's
having some she's definitely not oh yeah
there's two types of pastry in this pie
yep got short crust underneath and then
puff pastry on the top so
just in case you didn't acknowledge that
I would have acknowledged it I mean I
definitely would have snow dust and
jaqen of it up you are no the pie is
very massive and we've got enough edge
for about an R mid-eighteen so I'm
excited to dig in thank you so much
all right we're going to put on youth
that we've already got the episode
waiting on the TV so I'll catch you in
oh it's quite chilly in this room is now
quite cold I might steal this duvet it's
a little blanket we kind of fell asleep
downstairs on the sofa what'd you leave
that for three I'm moving in focus three
hours
Oh to spill money everywhere there's
tempies everywhere I'm gonna sleep now
guys thank you so much for watching
today I have no idea how we fell asleep
on the sofa for like three hours VY even
realizing I guess it just shows how
tired I am at moment I hope you've had a
lovely day doing whatever you've done
and hope you enjoyed the little Zoey
vlog take uber while stars on my driving
lesson and I'll catch you by an a/d
tomorrow I'm going to try and get up at
about half-past seven
saucy in the morning kids video thumbs
if you enjoyed it go check out the two
videos about yesterday because as you
know yesterday I put up two videos I'm
not even in focus
hello I see you tomorrow who
