good morning guys I'm still asleep I'm
like so tired this one it's just so done
with life she's so tired aren't you
hello you in there
hello if she know she's done so he's
been awake for 18 years already
how did you wake up so early this
morning I found it so hard so we had to
get up this morning I remember you
saying Alfie can you do her I was asleep
and then you said okay I'm gonna go do
not know I hope you do her and you know
but I said I will you said no it's fine
I'm gonna do it basically guys I found
it so hard to get up this morning look
at my hair my hair is absolutely mess I
think it's definitely gonna be a hot day
I've just got gel in from yesterday I
know it is literally like two degrees
it's meant to be snowing tomorrow I kind
of hope it does I've got a jumper to put
on I kind of hope it does snow because I
love the snow and I love just throw
snowballs at people but but if it snows
then my driving lesson
it's good to be in the snow that's gonna
be that's gonna be intense but look at
the weather guys it is you can tell it's
a cold day because there's no clouds you
know when it's just like freezing like
it looks lovely it looks really really
sunny but you can just don't trust this
deceiving yeah been a nice girdle what
do you think of my brows do you think
mommy's eyebrows are too big in mm big
because you know it's all about dem
brows no I didn't in the camera they
really don't know too big
let me see no base cuz you filled them
right to the edge maybe can you not like
fade it into the edge somehow
down here I already put them in here
it's cuz I have them tinted yesterday
maybe what you need to do is just get
like a toilet bowl and just like this
like dab it on so they're just a little
bit of the kind of comes off white Oh
what would you even lose that I think it
was work what do you think guys
I'm watching Ben Brown's new vlog was
top load in the day I'll be inductive at
the same time he's just got a new camera
called the Canon g3 X I'm currently
filming this on AG side to look then
because I go through so many different
cameras on a Jeevan oh my gosh she
nearly fell off my chair at g7x now the
g3 X I think it is Noah it's also a lot
bigger I've got I've logged in so many
different cameras that were time I've
logged on a GoPro I've logged on the
Canon Leah Remini I have float on
another g7x I've logged on a Sony rx100
mark 4 I've also have logged on an s-1
20 on an s-1 10 on what was that I can't
even be the names of the cameras before
that that I used to blog on like I
reckon I've gone through honestly 15
logging cameras and every single time
they either break because I'm using them
every single day or I look so blue
because my cameramen computer background
is blue or they're just there's just a
new one that comes out there's even
better quality and I want the quality to
always be as good as possible for you
guys
I've even tried vlogging on like Casey
does you guys I'm sure you all know
Casey yes I've even tried Prague in on
this setup which is a Canon 70d
and then a 16 to 35 mil Canon lens and a
rode videomic I've tried daily vlogging
on this but it is so big and heavy and
because I'm like I'm not to like
filmmaker ain't like been in Casey and
Louie and suffer that proper like make
films like movies every single day with
like music and everything
mine's more just like a chatty chilled
block paavana there's alike awesome
looking and Benes just bought a new
camera called the G 3x it is a lot
bigger than this camera that I'm
currently filming on like the lens is
like this big by itself this lens that
you're on is probably like this big so
it won't fit in my pocket but the
quality is just insane
I don't know ever to do it and just go
for it and buy one of these new cameras
and just have to carry it everywhere
around with me it's also more wide-angle
so it'll be like this rather than like
this I'll stop dropping off the top of
my head and hopefully it'll be like this
I don't know do I spend more money on a
new camera and just always try and keep
having the best equipment so the videos
are better quality for you I think I do
I think that's what I do just finished
up wrap in a new main channel just
finished up wrapping just finish
wrapping up the others what I meant to
say the new oh got myself in main
Channel video now hot last 8 just on the
head home forgot how cold it would be I
didn't bring the coat with me I'm
freezing I'm walking up ages away
basically going to a place called hit 2
to see because the other day when I got
a taxi home a taxi open my office
because I can't drive yet why not being
weird it's because I'm so cold
I got it's actually having the other day
and I drove past place called it's ooh
did you guys know I love where are some
running every day and it was still open
at like 8 o'clock at night so it's half
past 8 now fingers cause I still like to
get myself some dinner because Zoe has
already had dinner
well it's a greater place open Zoe's
already had dinner she had like sausages
and mash and stuff and I haven't eaten
yeah okay
that sushi place is open if not done if
you can see that it's open till ten
o'clock Monday to Friday that's good to
know
salmon and avocado rolls California
rolls always good
nori good with sushi I always just stick
with why not and I don't like wasabi
which is a major issue because I love
salmon sushi so be well that could have
gone any better
got myself so much dinner all sorted or
healthy and the one that said from
half-past nine
Park NAB for clothes if there's any
youtubers books here we normally do Half
Price
anyone books
not that I can see no one scripts that I
can see at the moment they normally do
half price from half-mast night but she
was like Matt I'll let you have it early
so she just gave me half price and all
my food even though it's only half past
eight
so an hour early lovely woman thank you
so much for that if you're watching
you're probably not but if you somehow
are thank you for giving me a discount
on my food and I'm about to Ramallah
taxi now and head home come on in Missy
there you are
all right let me show you what I bought
I kind of bought a lot the board's over
your drink as well I just want to get
her shoes on this is my favorite I'll
just pretend they already knew that
let's just pretend I'm just getting off
and for question lady tip I might eat
you at the table a proper dinner even
that's for one my laptop out with my
dinner because my daily vlog still isn't
live and it's 9 o'clock YouTube has been
processing it for like four hours and
it's still not up there's mental up at
5:00 as usual annoying but nothing I can
do is in YouTube's hands normally the
processing takes undoing my belts are
more comfortable usually processing the
video takes like 15 minutes it's still
saying processing has started ok so this
is what I went for
and I got it all half-price California
roll chicken teriyaki avocado and salmon
little rolls and then I also got a
chicken Jaya Jaya Jaya Jaya I don't know
how to pronounce that so spicy chicken
soup I'm so hungry
we're just going downstairs so I had no
idea when the last of my blocked was
it's currently 20 past 1:00 in the
morning
I've just been etched in there load of
new thumbnails
the new gaming videos coming up soon I
think my gaming channel with the alien
is to relaunch it start in the
eighteenth which is Monday coming up
that's the aim that's it if I got enough
videos ready for it
today's daily vlog is also not gon live
always get confused with these delights
every day let me put you up there whilst
I don't fall off actually got them one
from today just put my braces in or get
it in tonight and I'm excited for
Sunday's video I don't have anything
tomorrow happening until 2:30 in the
afternoon so I'm gonna try and head to
my office early tomorrow and maybe film
another main channel video as well so
that I'm ready head of it and head of
the game or I could go up early and hit
the gym I've been to the gym in like two
weeks or something has been so long I
need to stop working up again
my boobs oh my god I'm gonna go to sleep
now guys thank you so much for watching
today I hope you've enjoyed it
did there's been so productive I'll
catch you tomorrow we're gonna get up
bright and early the time is currently
126 I'll catch you in the morning give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
I'm so sorry again that today's video
didn't make it up it was out of my
control I will try and get them all up
on time from now I'll catch try good
