oh good morning guys hello hello and
welcome back to another day in the life
of Alfie how are you doing miss enol ed
are you doing she's been so sleepy this
morning
literally Zoey has gone off to town to
go shopping with my sister and no that's
just been fast asleep on me all morning
haven't you haven't you good me guess
thank you and I've kind of gone for an
unhealthy breakfast you guys know I'm
trying to eat more healthy recently I
find it just in life in general I don't
know ever it's like lucky or not like it
depends how you look at it I find
incredibly hard to put on weight that
doesn't mean that I'm healthy I just
find it hard to put on weight and so for
the average person that might be like
amazing but for me who wants to get more
muscley and like built a little bit
bigger and put on weight that's
incredibly annoying so I kind of it like
I need to eat healthy but it doesn't
matter too much if I do have the
occasion or like cheats and stuff like
that so I've just gone for some
chocolate cereal that I never do I
always make sure that my breakfast is as
healthy as possible just because that's
like the most important meal of the day
that's what gets you going that's what
keeps your energy going for the day and
I've decided today to go for the worst
breakfast I literally do not remember
the last time I had chocolate for
breakfast but I'm looking forward to it
I am looking forward I'm not going to
lie I'm also going to crack on with some
stuff to do with book 3 because I don't
know if I told you was it yesterday
yeah it was yesterday morning I didn't
say in yesterday's vlog I completely
forgot and I said that I had a meeting
but I don't think I told you what it was
for I had a meeting yesterday with book
3 and it's not a third pointless book
it's like completely different I don't
know if you guys know yet what it is I
can I'll explain it soon to you in
another vlog on explaining the whole
book having another little nap but I had
another meeting yesterday about book 3
in my office in town in the morning
before my driving lesson and it was so
exciting like so so excite
because I've been writing so bloomin
much and writing so hard for ages now in
this book and I haven't really seen it
like what it looks like physically on
the pages like I can picture it in my
head
anyways I saw it yesterday so far and
it's bloomin sick so I'm going to crack
on with some work on that it is 1048 in
the morning I have been up for long
don't worry I've already had a shower
and done motif and everything and got up
and I've been like chilling in bed
watching some YouTube videos and I've
got a driving lesson at 1 o'clock
until 6 o'clock today so the part of
today's vlog that's going to be missing
is from 1 p.m. till 6 p.m.
okay just to warn you just finish
editing the daily vlog I've got about
one hour to my driving lesson begins and
a super exciting parcel I swear these
blogs just consist or parcels arriving
all the time for me but it's because I'm
obviously I'm trying to kick out the
office at the moment but look what has
just arrived my fridge my double fridge
for the office I'm so excited because
I'm not sure if you guys are aware but
my office the the in the kitchen in my
office the tap water isn't drinking
water which is so annoying because it
means if ever I'm in my office and I
need a drink I have to pop out to a shop
and buy like a bottle of water or
something so I am going to get one of
those massive you know there's like big
things like the bottled water on the top
and you put like your cup underneath I'm
going to get one of them in the office
but I also wanted to get a fridge so
that I could store like lemonade's and
cokes and sandwiches and like if I
bought something like some butter I
don't know to make some toast I can put
it in the fridge so the fridge is just
arrived I ordered it to home because it
didn't tell me it's it it said it would
arrive between like 3 and 5 days or
something but I was like I can't
guarantee what if it arrives at like
9:00 p.m. whilst on out the office or
7:00 a.m. when I'm not in the office and
now somehow I've got to carry this 57
kilogram fridge to my office without
being able to drive yet um where's
nonagon are you doing over there let's
just got a little jumper on now guys
it's quite chilly today or
it looks like an absolutely lovely day
which is don't get me wrong look at the
sky it's so nice it's super cold isn't
there I know why you're over there
number one because the treats are up
there and number two because if you look
at the floor she's in the Sun I've just
realized we've got indoor CCTV
everywhere in the house and it's got
like face detection and night vision and
everything like that all inside and
outside so it tells you when you like
Zoe and I or my mom or anyone has
entered or left the room I want to see
if we can see Nala in the CCTV so this
here is our front room and then if you
can see if you look on the sofa over
there
can you see her asleep ooh look that
she's look like she's just lifted a head
oh did she could tell of watching her
hello baby
hey I could see you in there
I could see you relaxing and having a
little sleep on the sofa you guys know
that I like to buy random stuff online I
don't even know why I do it I just go on
Amazon and I search for things that are
like 5 or 6 pounds that just look cool
and I order them if they're like Amazon
Prime this obviously is not sponsored by
Amazon Amazon Prime is just so good
because it just survives the next day
for free so am I already quite a lot of
weird stuff of Amazon Prime this is one
of the things that arrived like
yesterday or the day before did I
ordered a Velcro plastic knife-throwing
set terrify your friends so I want to
try it with Zoey obviously you see
people in like circuses and subduing
like knife throwing and it looks awesome
but it's very dangerous so I bought a
Velcro knife throwing set to see how
hard it actually was obviously though
there's little risk in it because
they're velcro knives
they're not real nice I feel like I want
to wanna stick these are that such a
good place to do it over here
I could have Zoey stand here and then
have these around her
like that that's so cool
okay right then we go and get a knife
and see if I can actually even throw it
on there and then don't need the gold
was just now and then when she gets home
from town later on once I finish my
driving you can try some knife throwing
this is going to be such a fail how am I
meant to throw that to there okay that
would have killed her not guilty but I
would have hit her straight in the face
okay maybe I should not be trying this
sorry in the middle oh my god this is so
imagine Zoe standing there guys which
one should I go for the top one why I
need to switch hands I do not want to be
doing it left-handed there we go okay
imagine Zoe is there I cannot hit my
girlfriend in the head she's never she
is never gonna let me forever standing
in the middle it might have to be the
other way around it might have to be her
throwing it with me in the middle
standing there okay that is it going to
be so much fun later on I've got about
20 minutes until my driving lesson I'm
going to go and sort this mop out on top
of my head I'm going to practice some
throwing knives and then and then go
driving you know for like six hours
gonna go driving right literally as I
was going upstairs I didn't even get
time to do my hair Zoe's come back
you've had your eyebrows done yeah oh I
can do that no do you know you have
today nope that's your job isn't it
I'm literally gonna kill you no don't
don't stand there you've got some
glasses somewhere oh I want to get you
down to this in science classes science
laughing yeah for this this is gonna be
the worst idea the whole point we all
remember this will sit at your my 20
guys oh yeah but which one you going for
now this is going to hurt so bad now the
one day your face alright your time
Jordy's yeah oh now you want them which
one you point one I do
yeah yeah that was hard
I've got my driving lesson in like 10
minutes I need to do my hair and eat
some food the J thank you what did you
buy
which one I got bin liners as well hey
chicken this rum chicken Caesar thank
you
Mumma Zoe you're taking all the rubbish
to the tip cleaning out with the bins
and that and I'm taking out my dog for a
week just thought I'd update you still
haven't started my driver lesson yet I
mean then doing a treat let's open these
up right up here good girl there we go
so yummy already finished I've been back
from my driving lesson for like five
minutes
it went super super well Zoe is upstairs
what do you up do
she's showing that with her clothes and
I need to do that so bad do you guys
want to see my clothes go and see what
they look like
Oh think I just blew the light there we
go
there were all my clothes everybody
don't even ask
it's just been one of those things
that's just escalated and escalated you
sleepy you sleepy oh she's so tired food
has arrived I thought since I've been
driving belong and my bikes my back
aches because I'm not used to driving I
would order us a takeaway a good old
takeaway so I've gone for a gbk Zoe is
still upstairs sorting out all her
wardrobe and everything all right fabien
Shawna here and we are about to do these
face masks thing is I've said to these
guys I don't know every NIT should film
it or not it's pretty gross it's pretty
gross that's what people want to see
what is oh yeah yeah illustration of
this spot how weird is that Ian yeah so
this is the stuff here and we're gonna
go off and wash all of our faces first
so that we've got nothing on them no
moisturizer or anything and then we're
gonna put it on all right how's it going
are you washing we gonna do our thing
ever oh yeah that's good we shall leave
this face mask clean I think I'm gonna
rub all the oil into my eyes that's
slightly irritated right let's go
downstairs have you guys got the stuff
you guys got the goods what do we do
they're missing the diagram after facial
cleansing apply appropriate amount of
solution one with gentle massa
and to desired skin you should walk into
three minutes is this solution 3-minute
the show you different stage yes for two
to three minutes way into I want to be
my nose just your nose
why are you doing lying in here and here
by neutralizing I do like massage this
into your shutting my rings off do we
trust this do you actually know what
this stuff is the audience Oh II yeah
never Bobby spill to all name my fingers
yeah that's what papi did to me yeah my
toes are down wait can I just have lit
you a couple more drips because you'd
poured it all down my finger yeah that's
enough that's enough
all right Sean's going fast you're gonna
put it all over my face I'm gonna do a
nice trick save your paper go so what's
the pain let me see or disable it looks
like tar on your face yeah I'm gonna
bake a banana okay how's your day oh my
gosh Sean scary look you ready yeah well
how shiny is it huh yeah not like oh
it's cold isn't that face those hey
looks so cool doesn't that wasps
whirring birds and pizzas papi is in
here he's already had swordfish for
dinner I didn't have wait the fish to
die yes or you tried to and then it
tastes like rubbish wait show them what
you've just done very much cooking with
papi I think she had some kale and
cauliflower here so that's a snack
bananas and dark chocolate on slice a
luxury dairy-free egg-free gluten-free
nut-free everything fruit it's not even
chocolate really is it not gonna like
that does look pretty good yeah ha
oh she was human centipede 3 yeah ha ha
ha no serious is actually working I
think yours is feel like you do closes
that here we go
whoa that feels so weird oh no salad
don't me the way when I can it kind of
hurts a little bit
oh my god you're coming up oh nice oh my
god I just for it as well
no way no way oh it does hurt a little
bit oh don't Mario I'll draw at the same
time okay now the inspection is there is
currently painting Papa's face what is
this it's called the problem solver it's
exasan with intent
they receive on my cry let me see face
me oh my gosh wasn't it there it's got
can ha
no it has a I'm gonna do one chicken
chillin why oh my gosh that hurts so bad
is it really is a few items in hinting
me oh no your phone is gonna be like
sure wait is this actually good for you
yeah of course it is why would I put it
on you otherwise girl I'm really scared
I'm scared of it come aside I just want
to evenly kind of distribute it
this is turned into some like weird
evening oh but not like normal pampering
like strange pampering
I literally couldn't look any scarier
imagine having this person pull you down
the street I look so scary
ya know my singing yeah it is time to
take all of this off I've just got one
tiny little wet patch here it's so thick
it's just like concrete cracking ten
scrub really good bye see you on the
road I'll see you later
banana baby see you later
you've been extra cute this evening you
been really sleepy you want should we
get to bed
we've been watching ratatouille as well
the film I love cartoons
I almost think I love cartoons as much
as I do
non cartoons like films like up and big
hero 6 and stuff like that I just my
favorite like enough films like that so
much I am all tucked up into bed guys it
has been such a long but great day so
thank you so much for following me
around
I'm currently laying in bed watching the
film up which is open for me because she
had me downstairs saying how much I love
cartoons and up and it's so good this
little kid is so cute if you have never
seen the film up you need to watch it
guys is it's a what's gonna say a must
watch but doesn't really make sense
there sir I feel you have to say it's so
good I'm gonna go to sleep now
thank you so much for all the support
there's always just with everything I do
you guys are awesome and I will catch
you not even on my pillow I'll get you
tomorrow sake and that neither
good night
let me get cozy to show you the bad news
about my driving I don't know how to say
this I'm not going to be able
