let me get cozy to tell you the bad news
about my driving I don't know how to say
this I'm not gonna be able to good
morning guys is how you do it
are you having a good day right today it
is the busiest day probably of my life
so far
ok that's a bit of an exaggeration but
it's very very very very very busy day
so I started off this morning by getting
up in like 8 o'clock maybe even 7:30 I
then got dressed in everything like that
and I headed to town with Maddy to go
for a meeting about my third book I've
been like super nervous about writing
this book because I'm like fully writing
it myself
I don't like I don't do any writing I'm
not very good at writing but because
it's about my life I didn't think
anybody else writing it would be
wouldn't benefit the book at all because
obviously they don't know what I've
experienced and the stories that I'm
telling and stuff so basically I've been
very very scared to see what the outcome
is and it's like nearly finished it's
like really really close and I saw all
of it today so far that's done and it is
awesome like I'm so happy
well you're dressed quick so it's just
quite the bath anyway so I had that
meeting that went incredibly incredibly
well I'm so excited for you guys to see
and show you everything and now it's
blooming time from day one or four and
then there's my test on Friday
driving lessons so it is like ten to one
quarter to one five to one bloomin heck
it's five minutes to one and my driving
lesson starts at one o'clock I've never
met this driving this right before
apparently she's lovely from the who was
that spoken to on the phone her name is
Debbie I believe and I'm just so excited
I'm so excited it's gonna be cool I've
wanted to do one of these intensive
courses for ages so again like I said
yesterday thank you so much to dart like
response her in it and hooking it up in
everything and hopefully fingers crossed
it goes well and she imagines know what
happens today if I get in the car I
Drive from a couple of hours and she's
like oh
I really don't think you're quite right
for an intensive course you're not gonna
you're not gonna do it right and I'm
like ah oh I get there and she's like
yes you're gonna smash it I'm sure as
you're aware the vlogs for the next
couple of days are gonna be a little bit
like mashed up and times are going to be
strange which I'm filming because
obviously I'm learning to drive for the
vast majority of each day and I'm not
allowed to obvious I'm not allowed to
like sit there and vlog while it's like
guys I'm just a my driving lesson like
no way I like to do that would be so
dangerous so I think what I'm going to
do is do a couple of snapchats everyday
whilst I'm learning to obviously not
what the cars moving or anything and
just talk about my experience on
snapchat so if you don't follow me on
snapchat go follow me it's literally
putting this blog but I will be vlogging
obviously before and after every lesson
as well for these daily vlogs and
telling you how it went and what I got
to and what I was learning and things
and I'm just so scared I'm sure after
this first lesson once I meet the woman
and I see which crime drive in and I've
get told like I find out whether I can
actually drive okay or not so far
then it'll be more and more easy and
more settled but I'm nervous you know
okay that was absolutely awesome the
reason why I am wiser not in focus there
we go why I'm in bed telling you is
because zoey is downstairs editing a
video so I don't want to bother her down
there but I'm so excited that went so
well so basically I drove with Debbie
who is absolutely lovely she kind of
reminds me of my auntie because she's
just like so chatty just relaxed and
just chilled and yeah awesome I was so
nervous as you saw earlier that I wasn't
going to remember anything from last
I've known would have got in the car me
like I don't know change gear I don't
have to wear the clutch
I do this but I kind of remembered quite
a lot I think I think remember quite a
lot so I got in the car we drove she
drove me down to the beach we then
switched over and I drove all the way
along the beach for like half an hour
like so far and on the beach I don't
even know where it was and then we did
some reversing around the corner which
she said to me okay I'm just gonna let
you have a go yourself and just see what
happens see if you remember from your
last like knowing out
which were over a year ago was my last
lesson
so I basically did it and had to go
myself and she was like that was like
really good that was like really really
good it was that a fluke Alfie can you
do that again so I did it again I did it
pretty well then I did it again and then
we went on to parking which obviously
parking is a little bit harder than
verse man a corner and then she taught
me like a technique to do and I nailed
it first time and it went amazing we
were then left in like arendelle which
is probably about a thirty minute that's
five minute drive from Brighton and she
was okay if you just drive us home from
him sure you know like you know your way
from here it's literally a straight line
and then you'll know your best way back
to your house so I literally just drove
us back from Orand all like on the
motorway on the dual carriageway going
70 miles per hour just driving us back
on my first lesson it was so good it was
so much fun so we did like two of the
maneuvers around a corner and parking
and I'd literally just drove like
everywhere like motorways Town Center's
dual carriageway like everything it was
so so sick so I'm so happy of how it
went and now for the bad news guys I
have got some bad news and I I feel like
such an idiot saying this but I I let me
get cozy to tell you the bad news about
my driving I don't know how to say this
I'm not gonna be able to do my test on
Friday I wanted to do my this so bad
that was the challenge to learn how to
drive safely with direct line in five
days it's still learning in five days
guys but just my test isn't on the fifth
day anymore
because you know when I went to
Singapore with Marcus I don't if I ever
told you I'm sure I did I basically nice
hat hair off you what is that about
I basically lost my wallet in the in the
airport and the way back when I was in
Heathrow Airport when I landed I think I
left my wallet in the bathroom or
something I'm not quite sure where I
left it I think it was in the bathroom
basically lost it rung up nobody had it
nobody handed it in nothing like that so
which is
which meant I had like order new debit
cards new credit cards everything like
that kind of stuff and a kind ah why did
I not order it sooner I kind of have my
provisional license in that and I lost
my provisional driver's license which I
didn't know up until today no not today
yesterday I didn't open til yesterday
but I had to have it present on my test
like on my driving test I had to bring
it with me on the test I thought like a
picture of it or a photo or my number
from it or something like that would
just be good enough so I spoke to my
driving instructor today Debbie and she
said like end of like it has to be
present with you you physical holding
your driver's license on the day of your
test obviously I can't do that because I
don't have my driver's license because I
lost it in the airport and whoever found
my wallet didn't hand it back in so
thank you very much
stupid me didn't think about it and I
haven't ordered a new one since I just
thought for ID like when I'm going to
into like a pub or a club or bar or
something I can just use my passport so
I didn't think about ordering a new one
so basically we're having to move my
driving test I'm still doing all the
lessons this week and everything but my
I've just ordered a new ID today and
that is being sent hopefully in the next
three to five days should be a Friday or
Monday please everybody put your fingers
crossed that I do receive it in the next
like week or so because Debbie my
driving instructors been really really
lovely about the tests and everything
and she's changing my driving test for
me tonight so that it's not Friday but
it's as soon as possible like next week
or the week after hopefully it's gonna
be next week it doesn't mean that it's
not Friday so I'm sorry if you are
hoping to know the result whether I
passed or not on Friday trust me
I wanted to know that more than you did
I wanted to be driving soon debbie has a
lot of faith in me she said I did really
really good look so I need SWAT this
hair
what is this bit of hair doing there we
go Debbie said that she has a lot of
faith in me and she said she was
impressed by my driving and everything
like that so hopefully it should be all
good I should be good enough at Drive
to be able to pass on Friday and then I
just have to wait for my test which is
in like I know I'm not sure it's against
Auto them over but anyways I thought I'd
let you know because I wanna update you
guys and all this driving how it's going
and everything and I also wanted to let
you know that I'm a massive fail and I
can't believe ah
that blue man did that and I've lost and
didn't order a new provision or didn't
even think about it
so my testers can actually moved but
there is worse things in the world going
on than me having to push my chest back
coming in little doggie
little sausage look at tiny she looks in
a new little jacket Kevin then should go
out for a walk Oh nearly forgot a food
bag wait there Nala okay girl Missy no
jacket come on coming in this is
definitely not gonna get cold in that
little coat I'm gonna go and lay on the
sofa and watch a new through Zoe I hope
you're having a lovely day thank you as
always for all the support you guys are
the bloomin best keep on commenting down
below actually some things that you guys
want to do for New Year's resolutions
and if I can help you out at all let me
know in the comments and don't just come
and say I want a million subscribers
because I kind of can't help you out
getting a million subscribers you know
but if there's anything that I could
help like I know you're trying to raise
money for charity or something I could
help out by donating or asking some of
these guys to donate and stuff and I
don't know I'm up for just helping you
guys try and make this year the best
year of your life so let's keep doing
that I'll catch you either during or
after I've watched lose that she's so
tired yeah once we put you to bed now
come on then
let's take you outside to go to a toilet
and then put you to bed don't look at me
like that
Kim and them my hair is crazy right I'm
all tucked up oh into bed guys thank you
so much for looking what's the matter do
a handstand and drink upside down
again I'm sorry guys that this vlog was
a little bit short like yesterday's I've
just literally just spent all day
driving and in meetings and I'm sorry I
hate it when my vlogs on fun-packed and
like the full day but this week is just
gonna kind of be vlogs like that because
obviously I'm learning to drive every
single day so that's the majority their
day gone so I can't forget so please
don't comment down below saying Alfie
your vlogs are as good as they usually
are what is this this is boring I'm
trying my best I'm just literally
driving a car tomorrow for like six
hours or seven hours or something so
anyways I've explained that and I hope
you understand I hope you've had a
lovely day whatever you've been doing
and I will catch you tomorrow bright and
early I don't think I don't think my
driving lesson starts tomorrow to like 1
p.m. so we should be able to have a good
few hours of vlogging before that I
might try and head to my office and film
some gaming videos on a main Channel
video I really need to shoot these new
main Channel videos because I've got so
many ideas and I miss loss on this video
so I want to upload a midweek video for
you guys maybe even the same day you're
watching this that that would be my aim
but um all depends on how the drive
lessons are going to stuff anyways I'm
gonna stop rambling on I will catch you
tomorrow have a lovely evening and I'll
see you in the morning good this is
insane what is it now
