it is this is insane what is it there
now you may be thinking is it so dark
because it is so early out you're awake
so bloomin early it's still pitch-black
look at you new year new me out at the
office working super early and that is
where you're incredibly wrong oh my gosh
guys I I'm gonna say it because I need
to save because this is a new video but
it is technically not the morning but
good morning guys
man I got some damn explaining to do so
I had like a super busy morning waking
up and getting a lot of jobs done tried
to get them done as quick as possible
headed straight to the office via town
bought myself a couple of really
exciting things in here I will show you
probably in tomorrow's vlog really
exciting parcel in the post and I
haven't opened it Zoe's open debt is it
in here
I know roughly what it is I haven't
opened it Zoe open it was there a
balloon attached to it so II there
wasn't a balloon okay so basically I got
a massive box underneath to try and
somehow not have you see the address
because obviously as my dress on it let
me try and I've managed to like get the
address oh my gosh it's heavy let me put
you on there and hold and pick it up so
basically this massive blew my neck
parcel arrived it's not even gonna fit
through the door and Zoe got it from the
postman or whoever delivered it I can't
even fit it through the door
the sari you received it looking at look
at me it is this is insane
what is it there I have like some idea
but not where should I open it is very
sloping it in there we're still open in
here let me oh can I turn the light to
run in here and open it it might not so
as you guys know I let you in to a
little secret
not yesterday the day before is my
camera goodness strobe no it seems okay
how about my driving so let me do some
explaining basically I'm 22 years old
you can learn to drive in the UK from
the age of is seventeen isn't it
seventeen that is five years I've had to
learn how to drive the car and I haven't
done it it's kind of turned into like a
joke between me and you guys because
Eddy where I go when I meet you guys in
the street or book signings and meetups
and events so many of you always ask me
that oh can you drive yeah after you
pass your licence or I get tweets every
day like I passed my driving test today
Alfie and you still can't even drive I
know I'm only 18 I'm only 17
so it's turned into like a really really
big joke and I think it is time that I
let you in to a little secret direct
line saw the joke that me and you guys
are having everywhere online all of the
time so they got in touch with me and
they said Alfie we want to teach you we
want you to learn how to drive safely
and I've like that's a bloomin amazing
idea I need to learn how to drive and
drive and safely would be even better
so they're basically they've good in
touch and they said we're gonna teach
you so starting the day you're watching
this Monday I have got like an intensive
driving course so I'm driving all day
every day Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday and then Friday is my test the
big day my driving test
I don't know how normal it is for people
to learn to drive like this but I'm so
excited and direct line up basically
challenged me to learn to drive in five
days and then once I pass the hooking me
up with like the telematics plug-in and
it's gonna be it's gonna be so sick if I
pass if I passed that that's the aims to
learn how to drive safely and pass my
license in five days they've challenged
me you guys know that I like a challenge
my main channel is full of challenges
and now direct-line have challenged me
to pass my driving test this is like
this is like the ultimate challenge like
Markus and I always do silly little
eating challenges and things now it's
just got serious this is a serious
challenge or something that I actually
need to do well and I can't give up and
it's starting tomorrow morning tomorrow
morning I've got like I don't know maybe
this is like three or four hours of
driving tomorrow and then the next day
like 6:00 or something then the next day
then the next day then my driving death
so they've just sent me this present in
the post this is from direct line I
believe it must have had a balloon
because it's got like a balloon thing
joint on to it but the postman might
have like oh someone cut it off direct
line don't worry I it's the thought that
counts with the balloon I haven't
actually although it is open I haven't I
honestly haven't seen in here Zoe opened
it I'm guess did you open it yeah hoskin
the same way wasn't the postman was it
bloom and took my blue and cut it cut it
open so Zoe is open there let me take
the sylheti off just so it looks
prettier but I haven't seen him what's
in here yeah I'm guessing it's gonna be
like driving jokes and things that are
gonna help me learn to drive oh my gosh
this is I don't know how this has even
happened a joke between me and you about
me not being out to drive has turned
into tyrant line challenging me to drive
okay
sure II see what's in there she'll open
it like this dude don't dog all right
I'm dropping you guys down there we've
got a card let the adventure begin we
wanted you to wish we wanted to wish you
good luck with your driving course and
test next week guys next week we all
have our fingers crossed for you looking
forward to working with you over the
next coming weeks we hope you enjoy your
new driver goodie box all the best the
diet line team I'm so excited about this
challenge
oh my gosh right present number one now
that's what I call Drive it is like a
now that's really cool let me see what
something they got they got human by the
killers everybody's changing keen that's
one of my favorite songs this imagine if
this is my real number play this is out
be and pointlessblog underneath imagine
if I could have those as my real number
played imagine that on my car steering
wheel cover that's cool
you put that on your steering wheel they
get Odell placed
oh my god learn the driver they're gonna
come in handy
I've got a de-icer that would be
blooming good at the moment it's so cold
here I'm haha got one of these no way
that's so sick
have you seen this this guys is one of
the smelly things that you put in your
car but look at it that is amazing I've
got some lucky dice to hang up in the
car
thank you Oh jump-starting leads are
they yeah they are jump please I'm
laughing now but this could genuinely be
really really handy so thank you he's
one of these runs so you power it
yourself so it can never one minute oh
there we go so it can never run out a
charge a master look at the size of that
wrote to tow my car if I need to to
Hyper's jackets what's this for is this
one of the things you put in your boot
and you'd fill it with like tools and
stuff to like keep it is his net so I
put all like my my ropes and stuff like
that in there I keep that in the blue
and then the light I've got a couple
more them's this what is that a warning
triangle very handy put up in the road
if I have like
accident or something two more things
that's for two more things I have got a
double foot pump double foot pump pump
up my tires and then the last thing that
is so much pressure there is tons and
tons of these which I'm gonna save and
if I pass on Friday then I can come back
and pop them all in the video I'm not
gonna probably now because I haven't
haven't passed yet I say yet hopefully I
passed on by there guys I really have
let me know in the comments if you think
I'm gonna pass or not let me know in the
comments as well if you've had an
intensive course yourself because I have
to learn to drive in four days time
that's bloomin scary although hopefully
with all of you backing me and helping
me out hopefully I can do it I need to
make some dinner thank you so much but
all the presents guys a direct line
thank you because I would never even
have thought of buying a foot pump to
blow up my tires and stuff but now I
don't need to could you guys have got my
back
give the video a thumbs up if you think
I'm going to succeed and passed my test
on Friday don't be dumb just knit down
just because you don't think I'll get a
pass
give me hope guys you've got to help me
out it is time to make some dinner have
you had dinner yet Zoey sure you come to
make some dinner together what do you
want for dinner oh we can have these
chicken things to remember we left out
earlier chicken on crew or end crew with
the cheese and bacon sauce easy to cook
in half an hour or so he's just out some
for some pizza done got some beans some
tomato sauce and stuff
I don't mind we can even make pizza or
you can do the chicken I'm up for both
both of them look delicious we'll just
save one for tomorrow night
pizzas are nearly finished we're made I
have got on mine cooking up in there I
went for a bit of a weird thing I did so
much cheddar cheese then I did tuna
and then I did some baked beans and then
I did parmesan Zoey has also got the
world's biggest pizza in here which she
has got baked beans and cheese I didn't
know that Heinz actually released an
official pizza with baked beans on it
that make me some cheese
Zoey tweet the picture the other day she
said she used to really like it I didn't
even know that was a thing Hines you
should do that again sounds good
all right it's time to end my vlog guys
you literally can't see me hello at
total it's like pitch black as Irene
I've got all the lights off we are about
to go to sleep
more tucked up in bed thank you so much
for following me around this evening I
hope you enjoyed the vlog we just ended
up watching two and a half hours of
Luther and because I was ahead of Zoe
I literally just watch episodes that
I've already seen but so and I and now
both up to the same point so starting
tomorrow I know we can't tomorrow I'm so
busy in the future we can watch from the
same point but anyways my camera
battery's flashing so I'm going to end
it up now thank you so much for watching
thanks again to dart line for
challenging me I'm kind of nervous
because by the time you're watching this
I've already had one of my four days of
driving lessons and then there's my test
or guys give the video a thumbs up to
give me some slim love towards my
driving and I'll catch you tomorrow good
night Taylor Swift Bank blanks place
blanks place I can't even speak blank
space how does it work
oh wait right I haven't perfected it a
hundred percent yeah
