good morning guys
as you know I spent yesterday doing
something super super exciting that is
going to be uploaded in the future so
this I'm actually filming on the day it
is going up it is not a daily vlog
I warned you in the video that went up
yesterday that today's video wouldn't be
a daily vlog but instead something a
little bit different don't worry I did
blog yesterday still but I think it's
going up at the end of this month at
some point I had a super fun day with my
sister and and doing something really
really cool and you guys will see that
at the end of the month I will upload
two videos some random that they did not
whole let you know basically today for
today's video
I've got given this for I honestly I
don't even know it was probably like my
birthday and it wasn't even my birthday
in September he was maybe even a
birthday before that or maybe I don't
basically i Louise I'm pretty sure
either the previous Christmas though I'm
not the one that's just one the one
before or birthday and I still haven't
used it Louise I've still got it I'm
still very thankful for your present I
just haven't had a good time to use it
yet and today is a perfect time for that
I thought it'd be really fun video of
you guys trying out obviously this isn't
sponsored this is literally a present I
don't know I need the big phone because
I've got two phones
this phone is smaller than the other
ones at the big one I'll go with the
small one I think it's going to be cold
I think it's going to be cool I've seen
some like DIY ones of these online that
people have done lapping I love
Pinterest I don't have a like a
Pinterest for you guys to follow I don't
think I do and I just love searching
random inspiration like cool office
design cool technology and stuff like
that and people used to make the crazy
little stuff anyways look at all of this
that I have to do part a B o Blumenau C
and D this might be a longer video than
what I thought I thought this was going
to be like a little 3 or 4 minute video
part one is this fold a little bit here
I've got that bit here I'm gonna try and
do it I'm gonna try not to make this
really too long though
the min fold it rat oh right let me use
two hands for this all right now all of
the seller tipping should be done
working up at you and I out there we go
all of this little like techie part this
is where it gets interesting we have a
toilet roll that is basically a bloomin
toilet of then some of these or what is
this what is this looks like you know
this was soap hey dawn
it does zoom it in a little bit no I
don't know what am i doing anyways I
need to make this how the heck does that
mean to fit in there
no idea alright I think I've kind of
done that bit right I have no idea
now the last bit here Part D is to put
this on there and then just put my phone
on that oh it's like some weird Oh like
sticky jelly the moment of truth
like you can like tuck this bit away put
it up and down it looks cool right
I'm on the whites it looked pitch black
I promise guys it's not vich black in
here I'm on the YouTube homepage let's
go with Taylor Swift Bank blanks place
blanks place I can't even speak blank
space how does it work oh wait right I
haven't perfected it a hundred percent
yeah but I don't know how it's not too
clear in my camera like it's working
oh you guys can't see it very well
it's so annoying that you guys can't see
it my camera just won't focus on it
Butler ah I promise you that did
actually work though like we legit just
built a home cinema for our phones but
because it was dark this camera cuz it's
only like a small little camera wouldn't
focus on it that's so annoying I promise
this thing was actually really cool we
did successfully build a little home
cinema so I hope you enjoyed this fail
of a video I don't know if it was a fail
because it worked for me it just just
didn't work for you guys and that's the
whole point of a video if you've made
any cool like DIY homey kind of things
anything awesome like a gadget piece of
technology let me know in the comments
tag me on our Twitter or Instagram and
that I want to try and make some of
these myself because I love making my
own gadgets and like technology in
things and it's just a shame that that
one literally didn't work the video and
only worked for me it was cool though
I'm gonna leave in my office and then
when people come over we can watch like
videos on the wall and things anyways I
hope you somehow enjoyed this weird
video that kind of failed give it a
thumbs up if you did I am back tomorrow
of a normal daily vlog a super exciting
daily vlog because I received a really
really crazy parcel today in the post
and I opened it up and they out anyways
I'll catch you tomorrow good bye my
driving test is in a week today
none
