good morning guys
how you doing I've had a busy old
morning I'm currently in town Nala is
also not feeling too well so I'm just
gonna go make sure that she's okay so
it's just actually been like she seems
really sleepy today not really herself
so I'm going to go and just have a look
at try and cuddle her and play of her
and see how she is and if she isn't
great maybe quickly pop to the vets with
her as well I've got new braces in there
like super super tight and Morgan at the
moment is at my office right now just
planning and helping me sort out some
more gaming videos like I said I'm going
to get really really back into it
starting from the 18th of this month
it's gonna be the first video Monday the
18th I feel like I need to start going
to the gym no that's one thing that I
haven't done since probably Singapore
like properly is working out
I've been eating better but now I need
to get the working out on lock all right
there how you doing
Missy let me see your eyes you've got
one poorly eye on your right eye a
little bit poorly well we've got cream
for that
let me see your other eye let me see the
other one this one yes like she knows
what you're saying it looks fine doesn't
it hey baby
you being okay yeah guys no one else
noticed that no that's quite like a bear
patchy chest here and she has a little
look on her head yeah she has a little
bit up there it's not bored up there
though but this bits like literally like
buzz doesn't have it oh we're just
laughing at you I'm sorry baby love you
we're here to look after you baby I am
you're not I just came back from my
office to come and see if she's okay you
okay yeah yeah oh
looma neck I think she's okay aren't you
liquor is it the button that says like
ready to play yeah
yeah hey hey didn't some parkour I've
got all of that Zoe's taiidan or her
office out doing good oh my gosh
that's not even gonna ever be in your
mini we should buy a van just to get rid
of rubbish I don't want to buy the back
you can buy you know I don't know ever
to tell it in something it's a big
secret that I'm told them yeah okay I'm
gonna tell you one thing and then I'm
gonna explain it
unlike Sunday or something what my
driving test is in a week today none
I've got a driving actual test guys in a
week today you all love to rinse me
saying that I haven't I haven't done my
driving test yeah and I can't drive and
I'm 22 and I should have done it and I
said I was gonna do it before Christmas
whoa it's on Friday my test is in a week
today and I haven't had any lessons I'm
gonna let you know more information into
why it is on Friday and everything in
another video and another vlog because
it there's a whole story behind it that
I I'm so excited to tell you but it's
not for today it's for another time what
no you only started it yesterday did you
like it
I'm finally back in the office and I
just loved all the way loved if you
don't know if you're from another kind I
don't if love does a proper a proper
word loved for what I know what it means
is like carrying something heavy like
dragging it like lugging it along
anyways I just loved this all the way
here from home which is a gaming monitor
a gaming one at ultimate each sports
gaming one attack so if you don't
already know I play all my game
at the moment on my Mac which isn't
really good for gaming because there's
are very many games available that's why
I find it super hard to do my gaming
journal on a Mac so a few months ago I
bought this it is a gaming laptop and it
is awesome it is so so good
the only issue is that I don't know how
to use PC because I'm so used to using a
Mac so my friend Morgan is going to help
me out so that we could connect that and
that together and then it'll be like an
amazing gaming setup basically so I can
play any game I want on my gaming
channel not just Mac games because there
isn't very many available on Apple stuff
like this game called rocket Morgan was
it cool is it rocket League rocket
League there's a game called rocket
League that I want to play so bad and
with cha√© and stuff like that and I'm
sure like Joe sugg and people would want
to play as well but it's not on Mac yet
so being able to play games on my PC as
well it's going to make my gaming
channel even better so I needed to try
and set this up now let's crack this guy
open I've got a dilemma guys I want to
go and get some food I'm super hungry
but I can't be bothered to change my
shoes I'm currently wearing slippers
do I just risk it and run out and
wearing slippers to go get some food or
do i I think I do it I think let's go
get some food your slippers on
I kind of got some unhealthy food guys
Morgan's putting together over there or
with a stuff over here
I kind of got eight cookies I couldn't
help that and just try to order this
very nice and dinner so that I can pick
it up and take it home that
unfortunately zzs is closed due to like
a gas problem today
bime on skype with Nala and I've got
some of her favorite toys here and she's
so cute like what's this guy's no no
this is your toy what about this one oh
who is it crocodile alright it is time
to leave and go home it doesn't feel
like a Friday it feels like I don't know
like a Wednesday or something like I
just went now to order as you saw I was
gonna order some food with Zoey so that
is a home when I get there
and now at the 35 restaurants that are
available to deliver food to all our
area three are available three had a 35
because all the others are so busy
because it's a Friday night I also
nearly went home in my slippers
completely for I than one and then left
and then I'd walk back anyways I'm
heading home now it is a Friday however
tomorrow I will be back
filming though not in here in Essex
tomorrow I'm filming you will see why in
the near future soon but I'm filming
something really really called in Essex
tomorrow with my sister so that will be
fun so I'm working again tomorrow and
then on Sunday
I haven't filmed Sunday's main channel
video yet because I just haven't had a
chance I've been concentrating on all
this gaming stuff so on Sunday I'll be
back in the office
filming the main Channel video for you
guys because I've got a really awesome
idea something that has happened every
year for the last five or six years I
want to say so I'm really excited to do
again and you probably know what it is
you may do you may not so I will see
they'll fit some see you soon
Oh see you soon mr. office every day
I've worked in this office since I've
had it I've always been the last one
left working I think that's a good sign
I think it's good that means that I'm
working a lot or it just means I wait
not really late and I'm really late into
the office so that I've just stay really
late to have to catch up with work
I completely forgot to film the dinner
that we just had but it's Friday night
guys so let me offer this one we didn't
do any cooking tonight I just ordered
some oh wait no no look at this bit we
just ordered some it's just your head
we had some pizza and some salami stuff
a chicken wrap and then I also had some
sweet potato fries we rode it from two
different places I would have gone
places I order from another and yeah now
we are watching Luther we've just
started watching him only on Episode one
of season one which lying in bed
watching on Netflix at the moment let me
know if you watch yet please don't ruin
anything in the comments it is currently
one o'clock in the morning I have to be
awake tomorrow like Boss 6 Zoe just
scared the hell at me she's gonna Shh
there's someone downstairs I was like
ready to run downstairs there was a fox
outside my place there's a whistle in
one sec as I'm saying guys it is one
o'clock in the morning I have got to be
up at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow even though so
Saturday because I'm going home to Essex
to film and I haven't told you guys a
gift the vlog isn't gonna be going up
tomorrow tomorrow the video that I'm
filming tomorrow isn't gonna go up the
next day if that makes sense I'm having
to wait until the end of the month
don't worry you're still gonna get a
video I'm going to feel like an extra
video to go up that day tomorrow there
will be a video but it would just be
something different like a challenge or
something and then the daily vogue I am
still filming and editing but it's gonna
have to go up at the end of the month
but don't worry it'll be worth it I'm
doing it with my sister and it's going
to be like a really really fun day
thank you so much watching today I've
just watched the episode it's
back-to-back of Luther and I'm obsessed
although identifiers the best thing to
watch before going to bed because I'm
kind of a little bit scared now because
it's about like horrific murders and
stuff and now I'm the last one left
awake and I'm like I don't feel safe in
my house anyways yeah I'm gonna get
sleep I hope you've had a lovely day
doing whatever you've done today
and we know you've been up to in the
comments or applied to some of you and
I'll catch you tomorrow tell you I did
this as a red thick like this but I did
this I'll get you tomorrow good night
you having a sleepy morning gorgeous
you tired
