you haven't a sleepy morning gorgeous
you try it
good morning guys how you doing we're
back at the office
it is another successful day of work
today well I'm guessing it's going to be
I'm saying it is it isn't yet but it
will be because we are kicking off today
I need got my handlers I've got some
pegs here just so I can hang coats from
the wall but I put the pegs from the
wall yeah anyways today we're kicking it
off with oh man
Matt's been running up a load of stairs
I have to have my coat up there anyways
we are kicking off this morning with a
four-hour meeting about merchandise I am
so excited
it starts at 12 o clock and time is
currently quarter past 11 so I've got 45
minutes to get cracking on the daily
vlog not going to get it all done but
some of it I might be able to get some
of it done at least where the bloomin L
have you been today where have you been
looking hard joking guys it is
pitch black outside I feel like I've
only blogged 10 seconds today's so far
I've been in a meeting basically I had a
meeting as you guys know I swear I must
have told you this morning I had a
meeting until 4:00 p.m. it ended up
going on until about half-past four
because the person I had a meeting with
Tom you guys know Tom who helps her my
merchandise we ended up playing a game
of table tennis so things got pretty
heated pretty tense
he beat me in the end blame him damn it
I love table tennis and I like to think
I'm quite good and he beat me anyways
I've been planning planning and planning
also it's not loaded the blog as well so
that's one thing that
been doing by friend night walking out
and let's sketching on pen and paper and
I measure in with the tape measure and
write in all the numbers and stuff down
the size of each area in this size this
side of my office and I've just went
online and I just bought a load of fern
or I said logged I bought you know one
of those bridges it kind of looks like
this the fridge kind of looks like that
you know when it's like black edges with
glass
I bought a port of great riches of
double fronted one of those so it's like
90 centimeters long I don't know where
it's going to go yet but it's super
important to get one because the tap
strangely in the little kitchen area
over there my office isn't drinking
water really helpful thank you so much
people that I'm renting this office from
great that your water isn't drinking
water so I think the fridge is even
going to go somewhere maybe like down
there or I'll move this and I'm going to
put it there that's what I think it is
going to go a double fridge and then I'm
just going to fill it with like
delicious drinks like nice lemonade's
and water and apple juice and milk for
if somebody wants coffee or tea and
stuff just reached up like sandwiches
and things as well so that's really good
this other two things that I just
ordered was a thing to put your coats on
and your shoes and stuff obviously don't
expect them take the shoes off when they
come to my office but if they wanted to
I'm wearing slippers at the moment I've
got like a cool thing that goes here
everybody's coats on it and stuff so
ordered one of them
what else did I pop that's the other
thing that I ordered I ordered a
basically I don't know exactly the
design that I'm going to go for in this
side the game inside but I'm basically
going to have half of it I think this I
think I'm going to turn that table
around and face it towards that way it's
gonna and then the brick wall bit will
go on the wall over there so half of it
is going to be like desk gaming like
computer gaming for like things like
Minecraft and Sims and stuff like that
and then this half over here with his
phone empty I've just ordered
so to go along there and then I'm gonna
get like a media unit thing which is
basically like the thing that you put
your TV on and then I'm gonna I'm gonna
have to buy a new TV and then over there
on that side I will be able to film with
the gaming videos on my xbox and my
PlayStation and my we like guitar hero
or just dance and stuff like that so
that's going to be blooming Cole they
are arriving at some point in January I
don't when they're gonna email me to let
me know when it's arriving but at some
point in January this side is gonna be
like kind of needy ish done and need to
order the TV and I also need to order
well still don't need to order desk
chairs I don't have desk chairs at the
moment I'm sitting on like this little
thing or over here I'm sitting on like
another basically the same kind of thing
over there like that and it's really not
good for my backward today I've had
meetings as you know for like five hours
or so and we're both sitting on these
and it's really not good for our backs
so I feel really bad so I need to remind
me tomorrow please when you're watching
this be like Alfie I hope you've ordered
blooming desk chairs because you should
have them that everyone's back who
visits your office if not you're on I
remember one meeting the first meeting I
had here there was two like really
professional people that came in that
were gonna help me design my office I
didn't end up working with Mindy the end
they see it they've seems really really
cool and really amazing but I just
didn't end up working with them and we
literally had the meeting sitting on
these beanbags like they had like
presentations on their laptop and
PowerPoint and I'm sitting there like
this anyways it is like seven o'clock I
need to get back I need to go and have
dinner with Zoe and Nala I'm getting
ava's already had to dinner so not
dinner with Nala but I need to get home
now so let's go back sorry that we've
missed that massive chunk of the day
I've just been in a meeting and working
on ordering stuff for the office
luminaires yeah it's so sick
okay yeah
yo anyways right
oh and pack everything up let's hit home
hi there I never really film be doing
like house chores so I just thought I
would show you now I'm currently doing
normal boring jobs like folding down all
of the cardboard and putting it into the
recycling and then separating all the
rubbish and taking that out separately
half an hour later and for bin liners
later it is now time to do order the
washing up and put it in the dishwasher
Oh
done Annie's on alright my next task is
to clean these guys it's a job that I
hate doing but it's one of those things
you just got to do you know if we have
guinea pigs you have to clean them it's
just some lip it's literally hoovering
and scooping out poop fun yo guys ah
there's a sneaky little Bowl no it's
clean it's a clean one so good guys I've
just finished oh my God look at my hair
just finished everything the time is 9
o'clock or 10 minutes to 9:00 whoa that
was a lot a bloomin lot I swear I don't
it fits is it normal for like house
chores and like jobs to make you hot
like I get really hot well though I just
took out all the rubbish the bins we had
like so much cardboard it was insane and
then also 6 bin liners are
rubbish just from things around the
house and Christmas stuff from packaging
and man so that is all now in the bins
all good now I can relax
making my pest I just kind of put in a
portion for two people I'm pretty damn
hungry while I'm speaking like I'm from
Texas my dinner is made
I got ham and cheese pasta why am I
still putting on an accent my dinner is
made just some simple pasta because I
wanted to eat really quickly ah
all right I've just remembered something
so exciting that I haven't done yet that
I've wanted to do for a couple of weeks
but I just haven't got around to it and
now since the time is 935 and I've done
everything for today I'm gonna sit down
and do it I am about to watch and I'm so
excited you guys know how much I love
Taylor Swift come on focus I'm about to
watch the 1989 World Tour live which if
you if you don't know what it is then I
don't know where you've been living have
you been living under a rock it is
basically like her documentary slash
film of her 1918 like it tells itself
the 1989 World Tour and her performing
all the shows live and stuff with all
the other friends of hers that performed
with her and it's a two-hour 11 minute
documentary I've watched the Justin
Bieber documentary actually I went to
the midnight release of the Justin
Bieber documentary how long ago was that
maybe like five years ago or something I
haven't seen the Katy Perry one so do
people have told me to watch that my
sister just told me literally ten
minutes ago I said I'm bad what's the
Taylor one she was like what's the Katy
Perry one it's so good so I just loved
this kind of thing and I love Taylor
Swift so much I'm about to watch it two
hours and 11 minutes
are you ready play I can officially say
the Taylor Swift's program TV no not TV
not program her tour live documentary
show thing on iTunes blooming good the
quality is insane
the cameras are ridiculous that it was
so good I didn't watch all of it I've
watched about 45 minutes of it and then
I just got stuck in the world of tumblr
and then I just got stuck in the world
of Twitter and I just went from each
social media I was like searching
through everyone's instagrams and then
stalking people on tumblr and then
struggling be bored YouTube videos and
man absolutely knackered although I am
very very aware that I kind of haven't
really filmed too much today because
then I've just been busy just had a busy
day just one of those days I also went
upstairs and got changed into comfy
clothes pajama reeked lobes huh I really
really want to make these videos as
engaging and as fun as possible for you
this year
that is my aim I'm gonna end up down
here so that I don't wake Niall and Zoey
up when I got there so I hope you've
enjoyed it give it a big ol thumbs up if
you did and I will get you tomorrow good
night there he is I don't know maybe
make you sit down or stand up
