here he is I don't know if you meant to
sit down on it or stand up oh good
morning guys how you doing it is so
early I feel like I'm still asleep
I don't know if I am still asleep or not
I might be still asleep
oh my gosh how are you
did you enjoy yesterday's daily blog it
was the first one back and I hope you
enjoyed it I am I don't even know I'm
saying bye I'm finally awake and I'm
just having breakfast I've got five
scrambled eggs with some salmon Nala is
soaking and it's so funny
Zoey's just left to go to a meeting oh
she's back now yes she is
hey baby have you stop sulking now she
was literally she was watching Zoey
leave just sitting at the top of those
stairs there just like that she would
have moved I tried to pick up the
ricotta when she ran away
will you soak in mummy we'll be back
soon hey say hello to everyone yeah I
kinda need to go to my office now to
come from some new videos this one has
just been asleep for the last like half
an hour by herself did you just put
yourself to bed did you she's so diet oh
my gosh
oh my gosh guys I have been walking
through town trying to carry all this
stuff at once this is super exciting
I'll show you what it is in a minute
well had to carry that way from home
then I finally at the office and
returned everything on got myself for
coffee we'll just put half of it in the
road they didn't put one of those things
around it where it like keeps it cool in
your hand
so I've burned in my hand and I ended up
dropping on floor so I've got half a
coffee now
and bottle of water always good and a
baguette for lunch it is time to get
these out
I haven't actually ever looked at this
before you're probably thinking what the
bloomin L is it I don't know how to do
this oh there we go oh my gosh
oh my M
so basically for the background of my oh
I just remembered I bought my slippers
here because I like wearing comfy
clothes whenever I'm at my office I
bought my slippers with me in my bag
there we go okay so for the background
of my gaming videos as you guys know
I've done nothing to this side of my
office yeah and this is rather sets are
going to be built hopefully well I say
that I haven't started handing them or
designing them with anybody or a team
about anything so ideally this is where
my two steps again evil one from my
gaming channel and one from my main
youtube channel that the background for
when I'm filming so for my gaming
channel I thought it'd be really cool to
have like a nice brick wall behind me
but obviously I can't just like I'm only
renting this place so I can't exactly
just put brick like change all the walls
and stuff so what I've done is I've
bought a really really stick brick wall
and then I've also bought like a white
brick wall I don't know like look at
that in the camera that looks quite real
they're like specially printed I got
them all online and they're like really
like they're it's not just like a post
up it's like pop up I don't mean how to
explain and it's got all that shine let
auntie shine and stuff on its run up my
lights on that it won't be shiny and I
think it's going to be cold
they are absolutely massive this one
it's so big look at the size of the
white one and then that one's still
pretty big so I want to start from
beginning videos today that is the aim
I just don't know how to hang them on
the wall or where to hang them I should
have got like somebody in like a painter
decorated to like put it properly on the
wall for me or something I might just
make like a temporary setup for my
gaming channel and put this desk over
here put this one here now and try and
set something up maybe gets here
yeah that looks so good
look at this I want to see in the camera
that actually looks like brick if it's
like this let that look that looks quite
real I mean the whole point of it is to
make it look real yeah I'm just showing
all of you now watching this but it's
not real and if that is actually fake so
kind of kind of defeated the purpose oh
well as long as it looks good doesn't
matter whether you guys know it's real
or not okay it will be moved eventually
it's not just gonna be sellotape to the
blooming wall there but I'm going to
come and put like a desk here now just
film today since I last logged my dad
had come over have come over has come
over did come er did come over that's
the one sorry I'm like so excited - I
tell you why in a second so my dad came
over we destroyed out some stuff had to
do some boring things like paying my gas
and electricity bill because I've been
being charged too much and boring biz
like homey business ease stuff like that
anyways my setup for my gaming is done
so I thought I'd show you so my my brick
wall there I I did masking tape it down
and then it fell down twice so I've had
to like duct tape it or whatever this
like serious tape stuff is on there just
for now then then over here I've got my
desk my laptop which record my audio two
screens one so I can just see what I'm
doing in the other one so that I can
game on it at the same time and record
for you guys then over here I'm
currently watching one direction carpet
for the 12 million of time here I've got
my microphone et 2020 microphone that
comes down so I can record my voice then
I've got this camera here that records
my video for my gaming stuff I got a
light and another light just to make me
look as pretty as possible and has lit
up well for you guys and then I have put
another camera here I'm not using this
one at the moment today I did put it
there because I was going to shoot my
gaming videos a little bit differently I
want to try and step up the quality of
my gaming videos and
shoot two different angles whoa that
light is bright you'll see why in the
future guys because hopefully I'm going
to be shooting some cool gaming videos
with two angles and you'll see when you
see but I went to use it that second
camera there and then realize that I
can't do by myself because I can't focus
the video on me basically to focus that
camera you have to do it on the camera
but obviously I can't reach the camera
whilst I'm sitting here so I need
somebody else to focus me if that makes
sense basically I need somebody else
here to help me out so I can only film
with one camera I've just filmed one
gaming video then it was time to upload
my daily vlog my heart was like the
digital it is in my chest I'm like two
people still want to watch my daily vlog
so people still interested in my daily
vlogs because I haven't they logged in
like nearly two weeks now and I'm just
thinking has everyone forgotten about me
and people even going to watch what I'm
filming the video that went up yesterday
went up yesterday few guys just now is
thirty four and a half minutes long Emma
is that too long is that what people
want and I started getting new like
worried and anxious about is it good
enough is it right is it what people
were expecting they've waited two weeks
maybe like maybe more for this video for
me to come back and I was just so
nervous to get this video up I just
ticked it live 12 minutes ago it's
already got 25 hours and views it has
also got 4,000 likes 1051 comments I'm
like blown away the support is
unbelievable and I haven't even uploaded
in a couple of weeks and you guys are
still there supporting me
thank you so much just thank you thank
you thank you I'm so glad that we have
this community and friendship that we do
going on it is just blooming awesome so
it's about quarter past five at the
moment I spoke to my sister earlier and
basically I look to hire somebody couple
of months ago to build the sets in this
room
and unfortunate ago who I wanted to do
it from seeing her previous work
building sets is busy she's working like
a film or something crazy so amazing
well done to her but it just means
unfortunately she couldn't help me out
because she's busy
so it's either I spent ages trying to
find somebody else who can do it or what
I thought to myself that I don't know
how I haven't thought about it before is
my sister did at uni fine are and got a
first and then she went from working I
don't know if you guys know this you
might already know she could have done a
blog post about it I'm not sure she went
from doing and getting a first which is
the best the best university or college
if you're in America like past you can
get to curate in art galleries which
basically means she would run like where
everything is put in an art gallery like
the organization's of which why which
piece of art goes where is it an art
gallery that was her job afterwards and
I'm like her her job was literally to
choose where things go in an art gallery
make it look good
so surely she can choose what what
should go blaring everything and make
these look good for me so I've just said
to I just messaged on Facebook I'm like
poke me what was I thinking of even
hiring somebody and taking the time to
search and see if they live near
Brighton and all of that to hire
somebody to build these two like areas
for me to film in when that was kind of
your old job do you want to do it and
I'll just pay you to do it and we can do
it together and we can go furniture
shopping for it like look the pizzas of
opted but on the walls behind there for
the sets and sofas and just have it fun
my project to do together and I'll pay
you what I was going to pay the person
whoever it was going to be to build them
and she's like yeah of course let's do
that that sounds amazing
so hopefully me my sister I just in a
design and build we may still only
building help that Sean could help out
something he's amazing building
but I think my sister and I mainly my
sister are going to do the bulk part of
all of this so that's really exciting so
honestly really do wall that blue really
do comment down below why am I still
below camera sort this out what is going
on anyways really do guys comment down
below with any like furniture or
suggestions or any screenshots like
tweet me any screenshots of things that
you think would look cool in the
background of a video I want one of them
to I want them to be really like just
really different and really cool I don't
really know yet I think it's going to be
a fun project and I want you guys to be
involved in picking and choosing the
stuff as well and we can build it
obviously all in the vlogs and things
rather than just having somebody come in
and do it for me anyways I thought I
don't believe you let's refresh my blog
see if you guys are still enjoying it
31,000 views since I've been filming
this clips 6,000 of you more have just
been watching my video 4600 likes you
guys are unbelievable you guys are
unbelievable
I'm just going to go in reply to some
comments now then I'm going to film a
few more gaming videos and then I'm
going to head home to have dinner as
owee today has been amazing so
unbelievable I can't even express what
your support means this is cool so I
ended up filming three gaming videos in
the end today super productive
I can hear a doggie barking is it you
hello hey Missy have you been today have
you missed me no okay so I just got home
and I saw this by the door I'm like Zoey
what an earth have you ordered what is a
rocket debris was like what is this and
then she said it was for me it turned
out today and I remember exactly what it
is now actually so excited about this I
don't know how I forgot so I'm going to
lug it in here
and we're going to open it together it
is so sick I do know that I need to
build
it I need to put it together for it to
have to work that is so exciting so
basically so my friend Ryan is like one
of the best BMXers in the world I got to
know him via my friend Jamal and we've
just been chatting online chatting by
texts and suffered for ages now about
getting together hanging out him showing
me some like bike tricks us going out
biking together even though I'm not like
massively into biking it should be
something fun to do together and he is
literally when I say one of the best in
the world I think he's actually like
statistically one of the best in the
world not just like oh he's amazing I
he's actually unbelievable like Olympic
level or something I don't know he's
incredible I can double triple backflip
and stuff so he I think he owns this
company maybe I think he might actually
own the company or owns a part of it or
something works with the company
basically and he makes these little
bikes that are like mini bikes and our
website now I'm going to order one of
your bikes they look so cool the little
ones I'm going to order one online and
here's like no no no no no don't order
one I'll get you one sent to you he did
warn me yesterday text me saying you're
gonna have to put it together do you
know how to put a bike together and I
was like no never done that in my life
so here it is look at it it's so cool
right I'm gonna do all of the boring
bits like they're taking all of this
stuff off of it and try and start
building it I need to take all of this
off and like learn how to put it
together and then I'll show you it once
it's done I'm so excited here he is here
he is the rocker 3 the rock and mini 3 I
believe or something like that it's so
cool look at that look how big I am on
that it makes it so happy I haven't
proper I don't had a ride on it yet at
all I'm a bit scared to do it indoors
but it is so small so I don't see why
can't shall I shall I like put you there
or something and try it I don't know
you're meant to sit
we'll stand up hello this is sick I love
that yeah I got it on I'm waiting to
talk to sit down on there I think I need
to move the handlebars to sit down oh my
gosh this is so cool thank you so much
for sending me this man thank you I'm
going to put it by the front door what
I'm sure is oh he's gonna wanna go on it
later once she's at the bar I'm gonna
Park you there
you stay there mr. right it's time to
cook some dinner it is ten minutes past
8:00 tonight for dinner we are having
I'm having chicken and then I'm going to
have some couscous with it I think Zoey
is going to have she's just going to
bath but I said what do I cook you for
dinner so I'm going to cook her why am I
out of breath from riding that bike for
like 10 seconds I'm going to cook her
hummus peppers and halloumi bagel I'm
going to make like a really nice bagel
and some salad in there as well some
spinach in there and just make some
delicious dinner and finally the last
thing to do
turn the extract panel Zoey dinner's
ready
are you ready what do you mean where are
you in the bar on the bed can i film
what have you done Nayla food on your
face I literally can't move my face so
come on dinner's ready it's nice and hot
yeah like it
my goodness is alone is it good yeah and
then I've got quinoa rice with chicken
and a bit of Lumi look happy Georgia's
the big was out of date so I put it on
toast instead I just got all tucked up
in bed not even Zoey
both fast asleep luckily all no she's
literally been trying to make us go to
bed all evening most who having dinner
she was like scratching my leg and then
running up the stairs laying on the bed
coming back down scratching my leg and
like trying to go on my lap and they
coming upstairs coming to bed to feel
like come on guys let's go to bed pad
such a lovely day today and I'm so glad
to be back blogging so thank you so much
again for the spawn the new video the
one today and yeah I will catch you
tomorrow give the video a thumbs if you
enjoyed it I'll see you then good night
that could have gone so bad so bad
though we could have easily just woken
up and just had flames to this door
