good morning guys and welcome to the
very last day of Christmas vlog in
because as you know tomorrow the
vlogging ends and then I start again on
January the 5th I think it is with the
6th the genuine thing like that I'll let
you guys know online on Twitter and
everything have you enjoyed blog mess
yes even though technically I actually
haven't been doing vlogmas because I
hated blog so how are you doing this is
actually my favorite jump about you know
see that's why I put it on her I love it
so much she's too squirmy she's like how
no I'm not today we have spent Oh me not
sitting still today we've spent the day
cleaning the guinea pigs let me show you
these boys how you doing a navy your
grub
look how tidy and clean is and up there
and then what else have we loved we did
some errands running around doing some
like last-minute Christmas shopping in
bits wrapping wrapping Pat oh my gosh
how did I just forget back in the car
take me lugging out back in the car we
are going for like one night possibly
two but probably one night and I need to
use this oh my gosh it is absolutely
insane how much stuff we have in the car
like we had to use my my car my polo
which is slightly bigger than a Zoey's
mini red put all my seats down and it is
like stuffed it is insane but I'm so
relieved and excited Merry Christmas Eve
everybody it is Christmas Eve by the
time you're watching this it's Christmas
Day so I hope you were having a lovely
Christmas day if you celebrate Christmas
man it has been a busy buy enough isn't
it yeah busy run up to Christmas but
we've got main channel videos both
scheduled for tonight daily vlogs
scheduled for tonight so if you didn't
say yes they're already new daily bug
went up your state and a new main
Channel video what are we doing today
we're going to church we're not
religious but we are going to church to
sing some Christmas carols I think not I
need to Georgia so that's what I said
they go this is some weird back massager
of what the upper days we don't know
what the hell was though he was doing
she was massaging her back and we
realized that was super super super
phobar Wow
we've only done 16 we've done 15 we've
got 16 17 18 19 23 9 23 24 25 are y'all
gonna have to race around the house Wow
we've got so many left of this calendar
that Zoey did for me because we just got
really really slack and kept on
forgetting so we're going to do that now
over in Zoey's daily vlog next time I
see ya we'll probably be in my parents
house because probably and Seana already
over there my grandma is going over
there probably probably over there as
well what will happen if you didn't
already know Christmas at my at my mum
and dad's so that's going to be poppy
Shana me Zoey mum dad and grandma and
it's going to be awesome I'm so excited
I'm just going to eat everything the
entire time that's what I'm going to do
is eat and I'm so excited for everybody
to see their presence yeah that's it
I'll catch you in a bit I catch you when
we're all unpacked and all settled
because unpacking is going to be just as
stressful as packing the car damn you
ready we just arrived in mom and dad's
we're gonna go straight out and off to
church to go do some singing
look how ridiculous the amount of
presents we've got are how excited I'm
so excited yeah look at it oh my gosh
and then through here we've got the
table with everybody stockings on the
back of each chair with their names on
it
Christmas music going
so Clement festive you excited very so
that's not coming to church dad's job is
to stay and look after the dogs so he's
not going to be coming to church
unfortunately we just got the luckiest
parking space in the entire world the
car is parked here that is the church
where we're going like normally when we
come here every year we have to park
like 15 minute walk away what the hell
whoa nearly fell over you ready to sing
here we go got our little service
booklets with the different songs
all right we're back from church so we
bought over Sully where they collect all
this double-sided so it's basically a
different face on each side and then you
put it on it's like looking along with
it with mutant haha much less like a
skeleton on her oh my god oh let them
just look really good on Shawna some
reason oh my got your heads too small oh
that looks oh my god I love that that
double-sided yeah where's one with
really good teeth that's why that guy's
got six double aunty you've literally
got such a good hunger long you can
borrow it a minute open look at this
spread that is the biggest old salmon oh
my gosh that looks insane sitting on my
little outfit chair oh sorry here's
your's you got your chick on what else
to Devon yes sir sorry just was so
keyboard is so quickly from that girl
we've all got profiteroles and now let's
got a little ice cream
doggy ice cream buzz looking up some in
a second as well mate there you go this
we finished up dessert and put in and
we've all put on our Christmas you
matching pajamas these the boys outfit
is the girls outfits that's got map gin
and now we are about to do something I
don't know if I agree with what we're
about to do we've always agreed that we
can open one stocking present
do we get to choose whichever one we won
yeah in there okay so we each get to
take turn go in and pick one present for
my stocking Zoey zayed put them up there
how's your date going
it's great is it Christmasy yes is it
good yeah how's your day going watch
your nests the harvest is on line now
before you asking me about this health
and that but I was like yeah good while
I'm watching the house you people
watching this hope you having a nice day
hello to my college friends adjust at
the pub and about 15 minutes away from
here so I'm gonna head over there in a
minute
everybody here dad's been asleep already
for half an hour one that's on the sofa
thank you though he's been tired Poppy's
got a dog but we've got a dog literally
sitting on her head and I need to get
out of my pajamas imagine you're going
to go to the pub like this then then let
me it's Christmassy I think I need to
get changed and then head up to the pub
and go have a drink with those guys
yes
haha
guys this sums up our evening I've
filmed anything else
here's Holly oh my gosh back just follow
from the parlor I didn't really film too
much because we were just walking you
know catching up singing Christmas songs
and just celebrating together and I
didn't really want to film too much for
my friends I've got to be super iris
everyone else is asleep it's currently
like a hot boss one in the morning I'm
going to edit this video so that it's
not going to do many more if you guys I
hope you're having a lovely Christmas
thank you so much can't afford this book
this year it's been on believable and I
just want to say thank you so much for
everything you do
honestly it means so much to me and I'm
having a lovely time at the moment
wherever you are loud whatever you up to
get videos of me to enjoyed it and I'll
get you soon it's not going to even look
at me your soul is nothing but out of
couple of days of YouTube but I was he
very soon good look at all these prezi's
where you bought so many this is a bit
obscenity
