look at all these prezi's we have bought
so many this is a bit obscenity good
morning guys how you doing
you get are you doing everybody and the
barbecue oh that fits their career in a
street food oh it's an Indian Street
food basically we are off Christmas
shopping don't worry we haven't left
everything to the last minute
yes gelato black you have never been
look at
basically we haven't left with the
Christmas shopper to the last minute
don't you worry
we just left Oh wild animal annoy I've
done all of mine he's joking me and we
just need to get a couple of little
stocking fillers because we'll doin
stockings this year giving each other
little a couple of presence in each
other stockings as well as presents
probably don't know you guys know I mean
so we just picked up a couple in the
shop down there and now we're walking
into town to go and get some more or
there's a dream car we both won just not
in white look at these little doggies
alone hey guys best-selling vlogging and
blog in books look at this and then down
here they've got my tin limited edition
right we've just sat down for lunch town
is unbelievably crazy and that's why I
haven't been filming it guys I would
have just been blocked alright calm down
mr. haire but would have drugs walking
around but I let you everything I'd even
if hold my honor at one of me it's that
busy to be able to go
get that down for some lunch look at all
our bags it's going good
we've got panini emojis he's always got
a luxury hot chocolate apple juice look
at this little ham sandwich oh boy I
thought it was so cute I could have not
get it and then almost got a ham and
cheese sandwich is it going well
I'm being dragged around Topshop by
these two literally picking up
everything in the storm
work
why come to town with these two we just
had a ridiculously successful shot how
much stuff did we get you just went in
in tops to Albion poppy was so much
shuffle on the way home now home to go
look after the little one
and yeah just feeling more Christmassy
than ever I just I keep one thing in
there Christmas is tomorrow and I given
it's because see whenever we're talking
that presents I'm like always people to
open it tomorrow please not this
Christmas Eve tomorrow we should already
not wasting it away I know in two days
it's organ in two days is all going to
be over that's so sad of what song it is
quite some time later on we've been home
for a while we've been doing some chores
and some bits and bobs and present each
stuff christmas we've just ordered some
food each because tonight is going to be
a late one and it's going to very very
long now that that food is not for you
I've just got myself some fish and chips
although everyone calls it fish and
chips I've got more sausage then I have
fish I just got a fish cake and two
sausages chips mushy peas and curry
sauce Zoey has got a wag one was on the
way this one you've already had your
food haven't yet I know I had a wagon or
two nights ago but but it's wagamama and
we like our wagon mummers and what was I
gonna say yeah we've got a lot a lot a
lot lot going on tonight we're going to
be we're nearly and don't if I filmed
with the presents by accident so I'm
I've had to blur some of this video for
vaccine from the presents all over there
is everybody's presence so tonight we
have got a lot of packing to do we've
also gone wrapping that's the one not
packing wrapping and then we've also
worse we will do tonight I need to film
a new main channel video which is
probably going I'm going to aim for it
too got the same days you're watching
this editing this video to go out
tomorrow basically just your loads and
loads and loads of bits and bobs we want
to connect tomorrow is technically the
last day of vlogmas and i haven't
actually told you guys yet but i know no
i daily blog and i have done for over a
year but i'm going to take a tiny little
break away from daily vlogging
I'm going to stop I'm not stopping daily
billion don't you worry and but as you
know everybody ends blog --mess on the
24th they film Christmas even uploaded
Christmas Day so that's what I'm going
to do and then I'm not going to daily
vlog anymore until what they do we get
back from my trip we're gonna we're
going to way into the 4th of January
with my family and poppy and Sean mum
and dad so I'm not going to film any
more daily vlogs until the 5th please
don't hate me
please let me guys I've daily vlog for
like over a year now and I just would
love a little break and I'm going away
with my family just for a week still in
the UK you'll see like pictures and
Instagram some tweets and that don't you
re but I'm going to finish to any login
for this year I'm just going to have
like a week and a half off so I can
probably just relax on this holiday with
my family and then I'll be back and I'll
be more energetic better than ever the
best books ever so I'm not going to vlog
again after tomorrow for you until
January the 5th or something but there
we go
just let you know now so you don't kill
me you don't kill me please don't hate
me guys I just want a week and a half
off or so just to relax with my family
on holiday why are you eating water
talking I hate when people do that
because I'm so hungry but I wanted to
tell them but I also want to eat this
right I'm gonna go so I can eat I've
just woken up from the power nap of like
an hour and a half at first I felt
ridiculously tired like even worse now
feel ok we are currently I'm having to
be very careful at one filming says
presents everywhere we are currently
putting down everyone's names on their
stockings I can't really explain can you
hold my camera I can peel it off yeah
and this is my mum's obviously saying
Amanda hey this looks so good we've been
eyeing in them on for the last like hour
d yay that looks so good and then over
here we've also got Alfie
Zoe which I accidentally put the either
one way nice one and then poppy up there
we've got Nick's we've got Shawn we've
got my grandma's we're nearly there
we've been rapping for so long haven't
we little one it has been so so long
how's it going and try not show any
presents how's it going it's going so
good look at these presents and got all
the stockings over there everyone's
little names on them nearly wrapped all
of the presents we haven't wrapped each
other's presents yet because some of
your presents are still at poppy
insurance flat yeah
exactly so I think tomorrow we're both
going to wrap each other's presents when
each other aren't around and but that
there that's most of that's most of
everybody's presence all done how happy
Zoe's repu lives just a little bit
better than all of my bland flying wrap
in so I'm going to try and do some of
this straw thing I knew you would call
it a straw or was it it's called raffia
or a footer whoa how'd you get it to go
under across I'll get one more bit sure
when this is your present so if it's
incredibly badly done or pretended Zoe
oh you don't do it like that you just do
it run one one side oh do not get on
both no easy don't like alright yeah
that's cute there we go look at all
these prezis we've bought so many this
is a Vince obscenity we've just got a
lot of love again five and we go Justin
Bieber's on the TV of Michael Buble
about to do some singer ring in that's
man get me in that shot so yeah you are
in out I just got this thing in my
bloomin eyeballs so good we're bit
delirious
we've been rapping for hours like two or
three hours now my god I really ain't no
am well when I'm tired I find I'm like
oh wait ah yeah winter snow I will be
under the mistletoe anyways and what
were you saying sorry you know when
you're tired yeah I really enjoy rapping
but I struggle when I'm tired yeah
rappin is fun for 10 minutes then you
realize how long it's actually going to
take you and it's really cheap what's
that
why farting so much
I'm not farting what did you hear that
was a not thank you so much for watching
this video today guys hope you've
enjoyed have had such a successful day
we bought so many presents in such a
little amount of time and then wrapped
all the presents tonight and actually
relax it wasn't even stressful I didn't
even get stressed and hey that's good
yeah normally that kind of thing
wrapping presents last-minute would make
me stressed but that was that was all
good and tomorrow's the last day vlogmas
obviously I'm not doing vlogmas however
as a situation I'm going to take a break
after tomorrow so tomorrow's is the last
video before the new year
next time you see me after tomorrow no
that'll be live because they'll be on
Twitter and Instagram on everything I
that but the next daily vlog after
tomorrow's will be in the New Year
that's crazy we 2016 I'm excited so next
year next March you're 26
oh my gosh you're going to be 23 that's
crazy right
take your nightly at 100k run away then
thank you for watching we love you so
much we hope you're having a lovely
Christmas Eve whatever you're up to
whoever you are in the world let me know
whatever you're doing for your festive
celebrations and I'll catch you tomorrow
I'll catch you on Christmas Eve tomorrow
good night hey shakey gay gay gay
chocolate yes
