okay gay gay gay gay chocolate yes good
morning everybody good morning guys how
you doing today I got in last night
don't I don't think I blogged I didn't
vlog I got in last night at 5 a-m as you
know from Twitter and stuff I went and
hung out with my friends and we
everybody took over like cocktail mix
and suffer that as me and Shay went to
Asda bought loads of cocktails stuff and
took it over everybody had to make a
quiz some of the topics that people did
like one of my friends laureates did
like a language quiz she basically said
a word in another language you had to
then he gave me an option of three
languages that it was from so it could
have been like Japanese but I don't know
like ridiculously ridiculously high
languages to know which one it was
actually from and then he gave you three
meanings you had to guess the meaning of
the word of course they were completely
around him it wasn't like mum dog or dad
or stuff like that it was like one of
them was like the feeling you get when
you correctly clean your oven like how
you mentioned that it was so good it was
so so good the quizzes are amazing but
yeah I didn't get in till 5 a.m. last
night so I am at boil up so orange the
lighter Nia
I am absolutely knackered like I am
drunk quite a lot not like a person
actually but a few beers and cocktails
and I'm just so tired like it's
lunchtime right now and I've just met
myself for egg scrambled egg for brunch
breakfast and lunch Zoey is already in
the video already entered and uploaded
the video and is now edited in her daily
blog she's been so productive and I'm
just like dead so tired however in a
second we are both going over to the
screen journeys to give them the
Christmas presents that we bought them
as you would have seen by now because
I'm guessing you see
social media or something where we've
bought them for Christmas
we just bought them like ridiculously
funny things went to a shop called TK
Maxx and Anna is obsessed herself not
Emilia Anna is obsessed with Palace pets
so we bought like this massive polish
pet from TK Maxx and then we bought the
remote control car versions of their
cars as well and yeah the dough and then
Zoe bought zoe zoe has what I know
proper present like a really nice candle
I kind of haven't bought Jonathan
anything so I'm hoping that Jonathan
also hasn't bought me anything because
the presents we've got them a set on the
calendar were just complete jokes
anyways I'm going to eat this before it
gets cold
and then we need to get our butt over
there because I think that we have to be
a between three and four what's the
times I'll use it 10 to 3
yeah 2:30 okay we've got about half an
hour
how's the packaging go in the wrapping
you're going good
alright I need to help out as well even
though you're the best one at this look
look at this that we bought Anna oh my
gosh so hilarious feel like she's gonna
love that the best oh my gosh I forgot
Amelie ran Eduardo to share
look at how Eduardo is gonna love this
an Amelia it all she goes right now
extinct races
yeah and Eduardo literally watches
frozen and while my voice like every
single day he is obsessed never got
their cars look at that
so funny Hannah's car up there and
Anna's palace pet yeah wrappings going
down good so far I just wrapped this boy
up here there's always giving me this
little widget then that is actually
really cool so I care sell a tape
dispenser washer wrapping things right
time to wrap this run not gonna lie
pretty down chuck with that look at that
it is blooming good there we go
one more side and then we're all wrapped
all done are you being a good girl are
you being naughty what oh nice Kevin
you're being a good get all you caught
just kiss me beginning you've been good
when you just been barking can you hey
no no she's pretending she's been good
just by giving me kisses that doesn't
win daddy over there we go you think oh
thank you thank you
is father Christmas gonna come for you
this year you're looking up for him are
you here it's in the sky
Oh wrapped all done you excited you
ready ready to leave we just arrived
we've somehow got to carry all of these
in in one go we got it
do you take the boat don't drop any and
I got my laptop not yeah hold on you've
never seen something open like that I
was gonna say just cut it you know how
long it took me to get it back oh did
you pay for that it's not that's the
biggest mistake I know that's so pretty
Oh
I did all the time I love it thank you
that's so sweet
copy my high detail it's not it's a
colostomy gave it to me like English my
name boy he doesn't even know what it
looks like from me but I know it's a
joke
/ not a joke what's a jokes a joke
I don't know you know what it was what I
do what did is now I don't know what the
joke oh thank you I genuinely hope you
like anybody that's nice room trash on
me realize that I was actually cookies
yeah we're making a freaking pizzas with
my sister and she i'm flour on my head
is my sister and he's all like
pointlessblog marches yeah when you do
it go on put it really hard
no I do FPU and it was the show
Oh educational look right turn it over
the other way maybe it'll work but no
way that's what a doll you don't know I
didn't I didn't I just want my Chanel
hello mister I know when she came in and
she was like YouTube we've just $4 like
they she's doing
Oh on your feet don't you guys it's the
button and hold it now you can do it
at all times of the night Oh daddy's
gonna have so much fun building this Oh
straight to my remote control yeah so
you can actually race hey guys have to
race them this is cool though we had to
buy the show we saw red of course this
is VA you all know SVU on uh-oh we're
gonna do Halas birthday do you realize
it's not for me just enough to share
this you're going to have to Derrick oh
haha what what is it
hey we can share it you matter player to
be honest like dressing Hey oh thank you
perfectly said Oh ciao what you not for
baby what you you show them how you do
there we go fold it up you ready
good boy but Dad oh that's amazing yet
oh I'm with the tissue oh you got a
bogey on your cheek
she woke your cheek yep oh yeah Oh
perfect
again I've got more bag of awkward
questions all right
Jonathan's going they're all company
questions
hue-hue has to know about the other one
who are you asking I'm sorry about your
asking sorry about me okay so Alfie has
to choose one item of clothing to wear
every day for the rest of his life does
he choose a onesie a swimsuit a dress ah
overalls the rest of my life I'm gonna
say swim ship it ready you would pick
one thing yeah wait what what overalls
like what you do that painter onesies
for grown-ups
Lorraine it'd have to be one day I'll
call more address no you call soon see
ya
swim shape doesn't like so do-over
okay your partner makes YouTube videos
and guess what your partner is cursed by
a strange sweet yeah I can only eat one
food for the rest does only cheese
cabbage celery avocado or asparagus oh
not like oh definitely not cabbage not
all my company when not cabbage celery
is like the most boring thing ever no
celery he'd be really hyper the other
two are avocados avocado anything you
like I think of asparagus yeah it would
be well it's sweet okay gay gay gay gay
chocolate yeah bloomin milk chocolate
alley Wow yummy bye is it too low talker
see soon I know in Jonathan I've got why
is one of the reindeer like dead moving
on the other one
you guys go really see but what the one
on the far left down here is knocked
over onto another one wait look at that
right mommy and daddy gonna get to bed
are you gonna sleep here tonight by
yourself
come on then come on are you coming with
us you coming to our bed we got back
from the saucony Joey's like five or six
hours ago guys we both fell asleep on
the sofa like two hours I then woke up
and sugar bowl of water each I then woke
up and I'm since then I've spent like an
hour and a half probably tied in the
whole house because it is so
messy when we came back from is obvious
dads instead of unpacking and we always
do this we just left everything in the
whole white like everything all over the
place so our house was just crazy messy
all like washing up and everything so
just from the last hour and a half doing
that the time and I know I say to you
all the time guys please help me go to
bed earlier please help me I've got to
look myself the time is currently two
o'clock in the morning two o'clock in
the morning but I mean I have had to
sleep for like two and a half hours on
the sofa so technically I've already had
two enough hour sleep for tonight so
he's already like four hours sleep for
tonight if my gosh right I'm going to
end up up down here I hope you've
enjoyed today I hope you enjoyed the
festive fun of present-giving and
opening in the Saucony Jolie's I had
such a lovely time with them and yeah
it's just nice seeing them before
Christmas we might not get season out
before New Year's and stuff because
we're going away off to Christmas and
yes that's about it today hope you've
enjoyed it tomorrow is Christmas Eve Eve
or technically today it's Christmas Eve
Eve so the day before Christmas Eve that
is basically like the last day I can
Christmas shop without thinking I'm an
idiot I've left it too late all I need
to buy is my grandma and then a couple
of tiny little stocking fillers and
that's it knows it and then I'm done
done all my Christmas shopping so I'll
catch you tomorrow
let's go Christmas shopping together
I'll see you then good night she's going
to miss this garden so much I know I
keep on saying that but we need to we
need to get a bigger garden somehow when
he died by the neighbor's garden offer
them make it into that one big one or
something
