good morning
how you doing my neck it is windy today
how you doing hey Missy Amy see the car
we've got ready to leave Joe has already
jumped on the train and left to go back
to London which giving this one a little
walk before we jump in the car for a
long old three-hour journey she's gonna
miss this garden so much I know I keep
on saying that but we need to we need to
get a bigger garden somehow we need to
like buy the neighbor's garden offer
them make it into like one big one or
something I haven't had breakfast yet so
I'm like really quickly before we leave
make some we to this because I don't
want to not have breakfast I wasn't just
gonna be hungry if this whole car
journey and I know that only fifty that
we're going to be able to get on the car
journey will be like in the dorms okay
I've seen as you know we had a
McDonald's last night all right where is
this cereal I've been here Oh golden
Gretna weet-bix look at little nugget
wrapped up like a little sausage you
cozy back there don't worry guys she
does have a seatbelt on as well she's so
sleepy aren't you little sausage
do you that was like one second journey
for us that was like a three-hour
journey everything that all of this
somehow managed to fit in the car
we ordered a waggle numbers when we were
like 25 minutes away from home and it's
just arrived but as you notice there are
three drinks but there's only two of us
what does that mean Nala is one of them
yours it's not one of them is Jays as
you guys wait do you know yet
maybe you don't I'm off tonight to go
and celebrate like Christmas with my
school and college where's nan Zoey
wasn't our Harriet not as bold I'm up
tonight to go and celebrate like
Christmas time with my college and
school friends we're gonna go and have
drinks around one of my friends called
Jake's house and but actually not even
Jake having cocktails very grown-up
we're having a cocktail is evening and
so chains coming up to church come up
from London did I I think they're just
the new bottles I don't know maybe I
wanted to do a daughter large ones so
Jake just come up from lightning just
celebrate with us tonight and he just
texts me so I'm on the train but I
haven't had lunch yet
where are you wait I'm like 15 minutes
away about to order food for my house he
was I'm about 20 minutes from Brighton
I'll come straight to yours
or do me some food and we can have lunch
together so he says it's just pulling up
now in a taxi
chase yeah and the food is here look at
all of this oh the cameras doing the
blooming strobe II thing hello mate I'll
still get another hug hello mate are you
doing I'm good how are you I'm good it
was awesome man oh but they can't reply
hey you cozy you cozy in there yeah
oh so annoying that my camera's like a
strobe light you're right we've just
arrived at Asda then they get some
drinks for tonight for what's gonna
think the boys but Emma's going there's
anyone I don't know Evan gonna film
tonight guys if I do you will no doubt
see Emma because she loves just for
being on camera I know we got a whole
box of it what just won the whole thing
and then everyone would just that's not
a good idea we're looking for a gold bar
Zoe
Trey and I were talking about favourite
chocolate bars earlier and I said the
old gold bars from back in school were
the best but I don't do they show them I
can't see them anywhere
what do you guys know what I'm talking
about there you see a chocolate bar when
I was younger and the actual chocolate
itself was yellow J they don't women
have them how do astronaut have them
telling you oh sorry guys I bet they're
down here come on where are they
oh man I'm feeling it
they have to be around here somewhere
yeah this is my favorite chocolate bar I
haven't had one of these in like 10
years
oh my god one pound 60 for each of them
let's stack up to cheese trying to see
you ever jaffa cakes a good view or not
I don't know cake I don't even think
that's um well that's not bad at all the
issue is that this whole 24 pack is like
a half portion for me I would eat or
this yeah no you can't you're vegetarian
yeah they're not veggie are they don't
vegan but I'm not even a my chairs gonna
put me in a box
I'm not square and get you in that box
mate I'll put you in there ya know what
the bloomin heck is this what is that a
mixed squash you wanna know how much
what is that how much no way it's so
cool oh if it is that right always a
kilo that's perfect in kilogram look at
it what even is that we kind of didn't
think about the taxes situation
now we've got 15 minutes before I start
we've got 15 minute wait I feel like we
should have bought a game like chess or
something with us there should be a
perfect able to play chess out are you
got one percent on your phone
you can't see poker game then have one
day set well Rose Chris day here he is
it's got box of celebrations as well did
he buy them for you as a Christmas
present thought this was our taxi but
there's no one in it but you can drive
right no can you do we're screwed
check where are the shopping bags over
here Zoey I got your present are you
ready
an early Christmas present you have to
guess what it is
try and guess what it is
Oh No what's even better than chocolate
fingers nothing yeah blooming gold
that's what I saw tonight earlier - Zoey
me and Jay kind of had one right do we
have to eat whilst waiting for the taxi
they are insane do you remember what
they taste like
have you ever had one I made Zoey google
images images image them look at the
color the best hahaha how good is that
let's chase third one we bought 32 to
take tonight no we can go back to us and
get some more oh my gosh goodbye nice
evening I see you later on we have some
cuddles yeah bye-bye
see you later on we'll have some cuddles
yeah bye
I have just got back from my friends now
just turning off of the lights closing
the blinds it's such a lovely evening
tonight my friends this is the worst
light that you possible I've got my full
light blasting and light in front of my
face so I probably look absolutely
disgusting I hope you've had a lovely
evening
good morning wherever you are in the
world it was so lovely catching up with
all my friends and just getting to spend
some proper quality time with them we've
had a lovely evening I'm gonna end the
vlog here give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I'll catch you tomorrow
good night she loves this garden we need
to get a bigger garden guys hello hello
shaky-shaky
