good morning world good morning
oh crap there's a guy down there with a
falcon waving at me there's a guy down
there of a massive Falcon just waving at
me done there today is the first day
every way I've even said good morning
I'm crazy high for I have no idea what
I've said oh I haven't said good morning
guys good morning welcome to Dubai
day three which is not the last day cuz
technically we've got until twelve
o'clock tomorrow here before we fly but
kind of the last day because all we get
to do tomorrow is be here get up and
then go to the airport and fly back home
welcome to day three I hope you're doing
yesterday's vlog and the day before blog
and the day befores blog because they're
all dubai-based we've got a crazy fun
activity plan this morning shall I tell
you shall I not tell you we're about to
go for breakfast and then we're going
for a helicopter ride every day so far
every day so far whenever I look at the
wind at the Burj Khalifa's there look
it's just Chilean breakfast here is good
yeah
Jay's got rice and watermelon why have
you got two such different things and
the cake or you love a plum don't you oh
you know you wouldn't even have to get
down because you need a room key to be
able to bust this thing the lychee would
haven't been stuck I finished at
breakfast by the really weird breakfast
I just said scrambled egg I don't think
had anything else we got banana combined
as well and we're off to jump in the
helicopter helicopter tour
this looks really cool we just finished
hanging out with my cousin and her
husband and her new little baby there's
three months old Olivia she was so so
cute I didn't vlog any of it I just
wanted spend time with my cousin and
stuff and a super nice time all you need
to quit that your head dead yeah I've
got that you're gonna throw up
we literally both sat on the bed editing
vlogs and stuff and somebody's just come
in from the hotel staff and delivered
this check this they've made like a
popping lollipop oh my gosh it's inside
the pictures actually in this I have
some macaroons and some chocolates and
some bits here and nachos and stuff
whoever's idea it was to deliver this
drive room thank you so much and putting
the Pug inside you know me too well
awesome thank you so much 10 o'clock
hey let's all get together hey come on
Holly oh look at this hello so we've
come out to a hotel I think it's the
Emirates hotel I want to say this is
Emirates Towers so might not be a hotel
or B Towers Emirates Towers for dinner
tonight
it's been booked for us I don't know
over going this grace has a lot of
awards hopefully I'll get any more
trainers on
cheers thank you no this is cool hey
very good thank you
I asked what start I should order and I
have no idea what this is some kind of
fish my salmon dishes just arrived for
my main it looks so good jeiza come to
sato
lamb shank is that lamb chop lamb chop
and a steak as well we've finished chin
up earlier and then we came up to the
rooftop bar up here it's got the most
awesome view thank you so much cheers
ma'am
Jesse's just gone to the toilet we're
trying to rush down the lift as quick as
we can
this one here thank you so we thought it
would be funny to leave Jessi while she
went to between that well laughter and
came downstairs and got in the car with
the driver hey friend you ever you were
on the way back to the hotel the drivers
waiting outside so that's where the vlog
kind of ended last night that's all we
filmed what a sick day waking our
helicopter tour getting to hang out with
my cousin and her husband and her
brand-new little baby
I said brand-new that's weird that's
like an object her new baby Olivia that
should give birth to three months ago
who are never met before papi is so
jealous because Bobby still hasn't met
her yeah lovely lunches lovely dinners
just a really really chilled time today
this I'm currently ending this on the
next day because after that clip we let
you or went down to the beach went for
like a three a.m. swim in the sea is so
warm here the sea at night is so warm
I don't want mean I do get it because
the weather's warm therefore heats up
the sea that's
so I thought I'd end the vlog here hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did give it a
thumbs up go down below subscribe if
you're not already if you haven't seen
the other divided logs go check them out
for air balloon rides jet skiing crazy
dinners amazing shows loads of cool
stuff the last couple of days have been
incredible so go check out those vlogs
but that's kind of it from today oh you
can hear me hello are you doing
oh you get more excited for the camera
than me that's nice that's nice catch
you guys in the morning which is
actually today for me I'll give you a
lid I'll give you a tiny little clue
about what we've done today I know I
can't have packed it packed it away
already got the drone out flying the
drone around so get excited for that
tomorrow and yeah let's see how many I'm
gonna give you guys competition let's
see I used to do this all the time in
videos and I haven't done it in ages so
I have no idea whether you're gonna be
strong enough let's see if we can get
this blog 35,000 thumbs up let's see if
we can do that but catching the morning
