good morning guys
how you doing yeah I don't even know the
time it feels to me like 7:30 or
something in the morning
this little one down is just got me up
to come out so I haven't yay haven't you
good morning Allah nada come and say
good morning then she's just a bit too
excited to be outside really she loves
this garden we need to get a bigger
garden guys hello hello
shaky-shaky hello how you doing
did you have a nice sleep did you have a
nice sleep with mommy and daddy in bed
coming then she would go back inside
look like bouncing around
she's so cute come on this way all right
let's go back inside and go back up to
bed with mommy here's a beautiful day
today guys love the weather out here in
the countryside how you doing I hope you
having a lovely day
get mine in here some breakfast in bed
oh please plan your head are you ready
oh they're not pretty
flip around if you rip them off the wall
that would've been good one now that one
of the ones with this little mechanism
there we go we're all outside and
dressed we playing with you wait we got
toy yes she loves
yes couldn't worn it yet that's your
walk with the tag one yesterday yeah
world another what's this go it is such
a lovely day today how nice is the
weather I bought my camera out as well
so I can take some bitches night I was
playing catch of Nala and a kind of dirt
in the tree I ruined Christmas jump up
and knock it no I'm so sorry she was
like running and then was like where the
bloomin L is it gone yeah she's so happy
I saved Christmas
don't worry I got it before we go out
you reduce the running coming in coming
in right today we are off to Zoe's oven
Ann and her granddad's
to go and have like a family Christmas
with her mum and their cousins and their
cousins Buffy's but first I thought we'd
tie Nala route come on Missy let's go
now it's your turn to run goes your den
to run on the house three two yes you
can Go Go Go Go Go come on knowledge
beating you know
oh my gosh come on come on all right
finally on the way Joe has woken up
about 6 minutes to go all right guys how
was your sleep not good oh hello Bob
Nala what are you doing oh wait turn
around turn around
yeah there we go George also rapping in
the car yeah yo don't look at that
where's your hot where's the whole flow
yo and where is it we look out by these
Raptor comfy last minute don't forget it
Zoe she's a Bowie yo like David Bowie
but with a head are yo yo you wanna
matter I'm well on the way to happen
yeah you see Craig David rap we seen on
the major one
not until it went up like yesterday you
guys need checkout is so nothing bout ya
he's gonna kill it this formation I'm
marrying the commander on three
everyone's opening their presents
he doesn't realize what it is yet over
there Jenna show him what it is
thank you
I've got three doggies around forgotten
Allah has been the most naughty
Travis is literally just asleep like
he's got one on the throughout the front
or one leg let's take it away sleep in
here hello where you go in you're trying
to play over there don't sleep we're
teaching at the moment of how to do
their fingerprint go enjoy their night
let's odds-on eat one I do it jay-z hey
have you got a drink come down to so
many the joke never gets okay where's my
little rank black man there as well
oh come in everyone coming in no no
upstairs banana milkshake okay yeah okay
um can I also get 20 chicken nuggets
what did you can no get and the cheese
mat the cheese it's what they call
defense yeah could we get a mug flurry
with one shot of everything did you hear
that open throw with one shot ever
thought that'd be great thank you
yeah that remote to matter and matter oh
sorry to a face boy now he's going for
it look at what's gonna say what's gonna
say who knows here he goes he don't even
know if they can hear you
you can't even jump on you much fun one
didn't
what did nice I can't even see my head
because the things so proven this
ceiling will open air we guarded later
is that not that's not when everyone
with these two and we're back in works
yeah we always get in the Donalds and
it's always excessively big like we
never just order reasonable a reasonable
size actually I remember it's reasonable
because we do you yeah we're doing - Oh
get through it by remember yes there's
my good ones to get for what the final
digit yeah losing our for the mods can
say now yeah I remember when when used
to live the upper house what I was
saying for my camera no charge is that
Joe used to pick me up from the train
station when I used to visit old house
where though his dad used to live and
the rule was if he pick me up and drop
me back to the house I'll pay for them a
dollar on the way home interesting story
out there good one
all done done it yeah now let's got us
another Christmas oh it doesn't like
that you didn't like in this bit that
way I see nah she's somewhat interest
now what about that lady sausages oh
I'll be a favorite I like wrapped it all
up what it isn't look over the bish
yes yes you know don't mother yeah
not a look at all of your presents sweet
you crank you so mad alright embed got a
big Oh what's down the front golden
jubilee there we go that's an old Cup
2002 I've got big old hot chocolate
got my little pup got this one it's been
a long day but I haven't really filmed
too much because we've been doing so
much family like one parents uncle's
aunties and everything like that so what
I'm going to do is early one on twitter
you guys organized and Alfie deyes
Twitter meetup which was I don't even
know how I saw Eli my feed was just full
of it randomly at 7 o'clock tonight all
of you going absolutely crazy tweeting
pictures all still I was awesome you've
tweeting like selfies facts about you
your age where you're from and you're
all just getting to know each other
following each other chatting to each
other so what I think we should do if
you're up for it is like a Christmas Q&A
on Twitter so I'm going to tweet now
then ask me a question then we're going
to do like a little Q&A in bed tonight
because it's like 10 o'clock in the
evening and we spent all day doing
family Christmas stuff and I haven't
even popped my Channel video today
because we've been doing stuff like that
all day so I think to end off the vlog
Zoey night I was just running into my
laptop Zoey and I are gonna do a come on
there we go
Zoey and I go into Christmas Q&A for you
so I'm just going to tweet now asking
for some questions and let's do it I was
meant to be during the Q&A last night in
bed with this one here and we kind of
both fell asleep so it never got done no
no what are you barking at she's thought
so here in the dark on my vlog oh really
which is probably is that her or RS Oh
and so I thought I would do it now and
then insert into yesterday's video which
you're watching right now anyways let me
begin I've just read it now and I failed
look at the hashtag that I just tweeted
using Christmas in my little mobile I
put
PB Christmas Q and sign a and obviously
convent a so I did that we so half my
our my replies aren't even quit like
Christmassy things that is just saying
it's just saying a fail and stuff so my
she doing chase here as well you're
gonna answer some no yeah yeah well yeah
well what is your least favorite thing
about Christmas your name are you taking
a damn stupid question waffle no no I
know mine do you know what but it's over
after the mine is opening people's
presence in front of the person who gave
it to me how do you know why I giving
are you joking me no like no base pair
Christmas I like giving presents people
but like I get so nervous that they're
not gonna like the presents
oh yeah your baby's dead I'm like and I
always think they're like lying to me I
don't like and they're like oh thank you
so much I love it never use things that
you doing advent calendar though has
made you not so bad opening presents no
I still like even yesterday or in the
days log you're watching this when your
mom gave me that presents and stuff I'm
always at the last one to open it like
holding but you know that makes it work
you should everyone's genuine joy we're
both opening your presents and I'm like
secret of mine sneakily yeah I don't
know
another question let's have a look and
did you do was your favorite Christmas
song of all time of you yeah easy fairy
tale in New York by the Pogues and
something was her name Katie all right
Carrie
no Katie my different song no Katie
McGraw's yeah
Kirsty MacColl
mine is merry Christmas everyone by
shaking Steven that's what I was gonna
say very Christian died by kami but I
could not I couldn't remember the name
of it I was just gonna go the shaken
Steven thingy even though it's called
merry Christmas everyone
anyways I don't believe you actually but
I'm shiny you're stealing
himself
I was actually gonna say that I was I
one that happened to me in real life
when you proposed to me what I'm not
proposing dear everyone's gonna hate you
now if I go everybody on it rank of a
poster okay does this go on a boat we're
watching analyst J if you can propose to
Zoey with lanterns like that you go for
that my friend yeah
I'd think how much money landed those
engines are like five or each as well
dad nature costs like $10,000 but it
would be so beautiful wouldn't I mean
someone someone probably cares if any
boys out there want to do that Zoey yeah
I'm letting you do it Harry stores quite
lovely friend you I just let everyone
else propose me I'm not care what is
your choice is our feature he proposed
yeah no I said yes if they can but it is
my choice to ask you the only 50 anger
all right what's the best thing I know
that's what's best thing Christmas
and we have to sing this song with the
best present you've ever given somebody
else I think just like happiness just
show to be like happy around Christmas
ha ha
I honestly think the present I got Jonah
is pretty good yeah that was really
really good
a chain will like what you've got Joe
have you seen actually I thought it was
great I was saying earlier I think
that's like one of the best presents
I've ever seen you yeah Joe oh yeah
literally so excited was like one of
those in Asia it was at one of those
kids in this video so you see the black
er um best present that we've given to
someone yeah you've given someone else
really not very good at giving presents
is that bad enough giving presents I do
like it I'm just gonna go with one
because it's like you always remember
the things you put a lot of thought into
and now I'm starting to think how I
really put a lot of thought into present
I'm just thinking about a lot of toys
yeah yeah yeah you're you're shopping
tonight but I'm in February for
Christmas
yeah I'm fine
I like every gift I give otherwise I
wouldn't give it if that makes sense
like I've never given someone something
and been like oh I'd really like I've
done it for the sake of it yeah actually
I bought my brother a bunch of things
for Christmas this year and there was
one thing and I was like this isn't good
enough
see ya I left it in London no you didn't
under no way you know yeah let's keep
yourself look to do with you know Game
of Thrones
yeah this one's great this one's
terrible oh this is bad
oh the quality is not gonna get this
because yeah good enough all right
losses question that's I mean rather
oh my sister's face time in May is that
person yeah ha ha ha I'm vlogging yeah
yeah
haha right poppy but just for my video
for the last question what is the best
present you've ever given somebody else
for Christmas
yeah you're not giving yourself come on
where I liked that Colgate toothbrush
you got me last year right I'll ring you
back in a minute
say goodbye bye right those bio anyways
I'm going to end of idiot is it is not
the evening so I can't say good night
guys I can only do technically it's the
next day anyways I will catch you
tomorrow good bye
oh good bye yo what's this guy I know
how much you love this kind of stuff so
boys the permit gives you
