hello Santa hello mate look at him he
comes out the chimney morning everybody
good morning guys how you doing today is
the 19th of December is the time god how
is it ordered the 19th I feel like I
don't want Christmas to be over and it's
in six days
this side is now that's your favorite
time of year
have you enjoyed it so far yeah yeah I'm
gonna lots of fun today
zoey is off in a couple of hours to go
and see her friends and what am I gonna
do with the pot wash you're gone maybe
technolon a walk apparently there's a
canal nearby
should I go do that we'll go together
tomorrow maybe if I go today were you
doing he had an eyelash on your lip if I
go today to the canal with you guys and
then if it's nicer we can go back
tomorrow that's the aim but we need to
jump up mom you have to drive home Oh
maybe you could yeah yeah Jack see ya
bastard if any I don't even ever I have
a cumbia bass I wouldn't even know what
a bus table looks like it bubble like
wooden little Hut's or something out
here in the sticks what was I gonna say
yeah we need to go get some breakfast
sorry Anna dad did some shopping
yesterday
you guys went your food shopping we've
got lots o yummies you ready for the day
I'm so sleepy why I think it's because
this place really comfy and it's like
brand new
no one's ever slept in these sheets
before yeah so they're like so soft and
comfortable
no sounds I want to nod as punchy toys
but at the same time I dig because I
want to go and get some breakfast I've
also started playing some game on my
phone and I don't know why it's called I
bought something was it good you ain't
boss me our boss eh I'll punch ya
that's horrible I said no you are punchy
it's called dungeon boss have no idea I
just downloaded it last night
and I've been playing it this morning
I'm level six here we go - want to see
what my heroes look like I have willow
swift Roger stone crusher and Yasmin
bloom all level six in case you play the
game that's what my that's what my game
currently looks like anyways let's get
up let's go off what King Oliver laptop
hello gorgeous are you doing little one
I wasn't talking to you talking to my
dog a nother you havin a nice morning oh
yeah have you already had your breakfast
she's looking at me like I'm gonna say
no and then I might get a second one
guys if so he doesn't let me put that
clip in it you don't understand why
we're saying this
she's been silly and just got a singing
away to some Christmas songs right dad
I'm tempted to make a hot top - they're
always that gonna make me even more
tired look at this magic star top
chocolate looks good thanks to your mine
I'm very good I'm gonna make some witch
mix and I'm gonna put on some stuff ah -
always look good it smell amazing
sublimino going on uh get that drink
down you where the story's gone bridge
no who's this coming that you got side
don't then go come and bring it back you
forgot it
give me up come in and bring it back are
you ready are you ready boom oh yes a
cute you give me that boy okay
oh we didn't bring a proper like toy to
throw with her like a frisbee or
anything here we forgot you ready to go
for a walk Missy you excited
coming in
we are halfway through this nice little
winter's walk knowledge being very
well-behaved we've seen lots of little
dogs that she wants to play with that
she's been very good
they've got Rosie and Jim and that's one
of their little barges when I was
younger I used to be obsessed with Rosie
and Jim like looking back on it now come
on Missy stop sniffling don't look at
that barge boat imagine living on a
little boat like that like so they even
get electricity and ovens and things
that's so cool though look at that
little workshop where they're fixing
they're literally fixing people's boats
up now it'll barge boats and but yeah
looking back on Rosie and Jim it is the
creepiest thing ever like those dolls
would scare the hell out of me now if I
watch death
I don't know how kids enjoy it if you
have children or brothers and sisters
who enjoy it that's weird I would not
let my kids watch that there we go some
more rows in Jim saw once Joe's thinking
of buying one to live on with Casper
there's Jose and there's Casper's
where'd she there's Casper's on the end
that little like metal one did you enjoy
your walk yeah today I'm back that
little marshmallows got everything
which mom should trust to have a bloomin
guinea pig mug here don't expect
anything else
for those who asked how I make my hot
chocolate I add a couple of spoons of
whatever hot chocolate powder you want
and then I add just a little bit I
always use milk not water add a little
bit of milk maybe like that much and mix
this bit as much as you possibly can
till it's like really smooth just keep
on mixing it and then once it is all
smooth you add the rest of the milk in
but you just want to mix that bit first
trust me they'll get leave a bit of room
at the top for marshmallows and whipped
cream and then whack that guy straight
in there I normally do 1 minute 20
don't know why I've just always done one
minute 20 there we go get him out oh
it's looking shot booty give them a
little stir put it back in there 40
seconds got your hot chocolate and now
you want to add a ton actually not too
many you don't want to overdo it
for marshmallows from here just like Oh
a handful there we go wonderful
doesn't matter and now the most
important bit yo put tons of this on and
there you have it the perfect signature
Reuters blog hot chocolates enjoy it's
going to be super super good for cold
festive times like Christmas to enjoy
yeah make what if you make one tweet me
a picture let me know what it looks like
let me know if it looks as good as this
Zoey's back now how was it with your
friends oh well I have a shake your head
yeah we went on it such a nice walk
we're gonna have to do it again tomorrow
it was so good yeah let's do it one I'm
not sure I can say when the sun's rising
I made a ham sandwiches well guys
smashing a ham totally smashed my hot
chocolate I'm not you know all of it
live in our small one we do I need I
need my hat because my hair looks like
this today cuz I haven't done it and
we're off to go and sit down there oh
yeah you've got to take the present for
her we are off to go and see Zoe's man
wait you go her nan
that one's your nan see I didn't have a
nan I've never had a noun or I had a
grandma my mom's mom passed away before
I was born so I never met her and then
my dad's mom who's still alive is called
my grandma but most people have
different names for their grandparents
like you have a net weight do you have
an aunt and a grandma don't you I know
what you don't ever go
two nuns there you have two nuns how
were they when you were those money
money she might always been grandma and
granddad know what you're going to watch
your granddad
no no don't granddad and know anything
no you want that and then some people
know what does Amelia saucony journey
have fun she has I can never fountain
imagine Omar and what what would a Glen
that be called
Oh Paul what do you guys have let me
know especially in other countries I'm
interested in oh boy wait my cousins
Arabic and his dad is from our honestly
can't even remember
he calls his grandma's something
completely different I got minutes let
me know the Comets are interested to
know what you call your grandparents if
they've got some not their actual names
I don't see like Timothy or John I mean
as in like glam or granddad nan anyways
we need to go cuz we're running late
technically you're not meant to film
when you're out here in case it blows up
the place but I love the smell of petrol
so much to tell you guys
again the emilion time just how much I
love it it smells so good at all
it smells so good out there how good
does it smell I love it
really petrol is literally my favorite
smell ever makes me sound like some
weird like druggie but if another petrol
close there we go apparently this little
town have gone to town on their
Christmas lights I like how they're
colored ah this is so sweet
no way oh my gosh look at this that is
crazy
oh my gosh
I feel so festive in Christmas Day I
also bought today and these who
remembers these choose none you check it
out you ready
oh I don't got any money on me no got
some chewing gum alright guys we've come
out to get some decorating house
inspiration this road is ridiculous look
at this house over here this is under
one condition that you don't decorate a
house like this next year
you've even got snow balls on your
jumper lemon oh look at it oh my gosh
yes is so sick ah it's in aid of
Alzheimer's support I love that
look at that imagine the electricity
bill on this guy did you do dd-did wait
do we put any money in you did Santa
Claus is coming to town
where's even that speaker I love it I
didn't even realize how creepy that
massive Center is right are you Gary
you're gonna be delivering everyone
Christmas presents this year yeah give
me some good ones
see in a bit I'll see you in a couple of
days right where the others gone I was
just hanging out with five Christmas the
dish we're not good let's have a look
this one's still pretty crazy oh look at
this one this one is normally the house
that goes through it more than oh hello
mate writing down there more than anyone
else they've done a few this year that's
the normal house but this year they're
taking a break and they've just done a
few yeaaaah hello Santa hello mate look
at him he comes out the chimney
here we go and course home fries oh
space invaders as well they're amazing
space invaders that's the game a nice
one outfit
do you not like these onion crisps is
amazing corn fries where's my doggy
where's my doggy hello you out running
in the grass yeah she's so well-behaved
out here look at the lead we put the
long lead on just in case we need to
grab it in case you toss to run away but
she is fine I think she's pretty much
off the lead now and then go see mommy
daddy mommy we're watching a Christmas
program about people that just
excessively Christmassy and this guy
here that we've just watched spend 75%
of his salary on Christmas decorations
just for in December absolute mad that's
gonna be Zoey at one point and we're now
eating that you know the other night on
eunjin we're here we made camembert and
we literally just sat there be dipping
bread and eating Fe we're doing it again
and some reason I just caught I can't
stop eating it
I'm not even that big like a smelly cat
no no I don't even like smelly cheese
sweet though it's not actually smelly
what's cook it's just smelly before it's
cooked you explain what they are so this
one is just got honey on the top I don't
know if I actually did anything I think
this hunt I think it's honey ish inside
and this one's got garlic I've not tried
that one yet
holy crap guys look what's on
this is when you know it's Christmas
time guys
Zoey and I kind of fell asleep why's the
light Zoey you know I kind of fell
asleep on the so for a half past eight
it's now 12 o'clock all that heat will
snap cheese so I'm gonna make a quick
sandwich and then wait you Zoey up and
go to bed
I don't get so tired at the moment I
think it's just because it's Christmas
time I just I allowed myself to sleep
whenever just because it doesn't matter
we are tucked up in bed now I've got a
little bit of my sandwich left or just
bad that the Zoey doesn't like the crust
all right is that just me do you guys
eat the crust as well not as in the
crosses in here as in the end bit like
that
I love the end bear on the loaf of bread
or it depends what kind of bread if it's
just like plasticy white bread then I
love it but if it's probably like some
rusty Brown actually I still will like
it I really really like the end of it I
well so my god got a little glass of
milk with me in bed I am watching some
YouTube videos and what you up to
well how about I was in that oh yeah I
loved it so much I needed that so badly
no no how was your nap oh just in a
sleep are you cool fine a please no
literally since that walk earlier has
just been gone just been so tired and so
sleepy don't he know how much footage I
filmed today but I hope there was
something enjoyable there just because
we did lots of different little things
today I didn't even feel me your hands
actually completely forgot we had a nice
time at as Owen Joe's man it's nice to
see how women catch up and we watch
pointless this evening which the amount
of you that tweet me that TV show saying
like
of a good Alfea I thought yet you're on
TV shot and I'm like no and I don't have
a TV show could pointless but I actually
really enjoy that I think I think I'd
want you again I did actually I think
it's because you don't have to be good
like the aim of it is to get an answer
that not many people have got and
actually one of my friends was on the
show pointless once my friend Hema
anyways I'm gonna end the video now guys
I hope you enjoyed the vlog give it a
big ol thumbs up if you did
let's see how many we can get it's
nearly blooming Christmas is five days
till Christmas because technically it's
past midnight for us so it's five days
till Christmas what there was the time
gone I'll catch you tomorrow guys good
yo what's this guy love this kind of
stuff so boys the perfect gift for you
