yo what's this guy I know how much you
love this kind of stuff so boys the
perfect gift for you
good morning guys we are off on our way
back to Zoe and Joe's house where Zoe
god she's just bit somewhere what you
grabbing what you're stealing what sign
your bloomin pocket in there it's like
lunchtime at the moment and I haven't
had any breakfast yet so it's also able
to egg sandwich perfect X average I
might as well get one of them as well to
her Minette guys and mine a lot for this
car journey oh yeah all right let's get
Zoe some chocolate as well which one
does she like more I'm gonna go with
whisper all Gammage right let's go jump
back in the car
ah they broke my wrist
look before you try to do why would you
meet for a bob yes she can she can walk
to whatever guys look up at the car is
it is absolutely full there he is
hello that's not his little seat in the
middle she like lays down there what do
you need tissue okay I'll try and go
inside
oh god thorn Jo God God Allah there you
go you jump in the middle again Missy
good girl all right let me give you a
treat good girl
we're putting a little seatbelt on so
she's nice and safe on the journey
yeah Jo so mean to you isn't he Uncle
Joe if he starts being horrible gnarly
just do a pill on him making a barrier
how happy
oh hello but now look at your head
Hey
you having a nice time yeah you cozy you
cozy look at her she just looks like a
little cocktail sausage are you cozy in
there yeah we arrived in oh I put them
in mr. guys quick Quigley look up there
see that little thing that's tonin oh
where am I gonna sit out here yeah there
we go there he is
you know I've never actually been over
there we've gone past it so many times
it always slows down but I've never ever
don't know don't Ange
can you zoom it in funny today we've
arrived guys I have got so much stuff to
bring in
to take inside Zoey has got Nala I think
she's just going out for a wee and
walking around and stuff Joe is about to
go and test drive a car with one of his
friends and I've got the job of
unpacking all of this bloomin stuff
there is so much stuff wedged in this
car I don't know how we managed to get
it all in check this out guys this is
the car that I was just speaking about
st. Joe is about to go and test drive it
is an Audi Ras absolutely insane
break that's so nice
where's my little nugget no no Nana baby
hello she is loving this big garden this
is why we need a bigger garden guys the
reason why we've got on this long lead
is because we're not sure whether
there's any like holes in the fences or
anything at all so if we don't have a
long lead it will be - once we found out
she'll be gone gone in the road she's
literally just exploring I think like
her sense of smell is like ridiculous
for a dog because their noses are pretty
pretty squished up look at this it's
almost like we're going on a little
country walk together but we're not
we're just walking around the garden
let's see if she loves me as much as
Zoey this could fail come here
come run with me let's go right in the
house no don't go with Murray na ho no
no ha ha oh right let's run run this way
melih quick now uh come then I come come
here Korea hello hello ha ha ha
you go inside come on we can come back
out and play later good girl Oh your
long lead you're gonna get tangled
around here nearly finished unpacking
the room that misery nice staying in
tonight look how cute it is like guys
this is literally like my old room it's
got it but where is she why are you in
Joe's room come here
that's slightly different it's like a
square version that still got like no
you still got the fireplace with like
the mirror and everything huh what are
you doing you been good this is probably
like the most typically village house
I've ever been that's alike farm matters
yeah it's like a look at the little
kitchen it I love how it's all wooden
and stuff it's saying that leaving him
full know I have been here before so
this is reso his dad lives um yeah of
course I've been here before
wait when we were last it covered months
ago yeah when I met the stud family
household there is one cup and one cup
only that I drink out of I don't know
whether it's been bought to this new
house by I'm gonna give you five seconds
now to comment down below which color is
the cup and don't cheat don't watch and
then comment afterwards okay here's your
five seconds go they're gonna get go
lemon apple feel a bit dizzy it's about
five seconds
should we see I can see it it is here
there's only two plastic cups and one of
them is my car yo yo yo yo I'm so happy
is the water cold it is flippin cold
there it is look you can got it didn't
that video we did where we were like
we'd be disgusting together I did not
like that and then you drive back
and spats back down you're like no that
was my dream cars right oh that's fine
you can still drink out of it through
members that video why am I like trapped
in this room this doors heavy become
fast it closes practice for the
criminally squished me Zoey just to
double-check what is your favorite
whisper because I they want I was torn
between the two whisper or 12 bytes yo I
got the right one guys good go
sleepyhead
you tired no liquor one I think it
officially feels like Christmas for me
laying on the TV nah not on the TV lay
down watching the TiVo
laying down watching the TV eating
chocolate with my pop you watching TV is
wrong does anyone else's dog love
watching TV I heard a fact the other day
apparently the only like 50% of dogs can
actually like see the screen understand
that it's a screen marla is obsessed
that she just sits there just watching
TV
also if you're watching this and you
have a dog please play your dog or an
animal
Nola's even moving ahead about that play
her or him the song rather be and see if
they like it Nala hates it it is the one
song we can play any song ever we can
play like songs of violins but as soon
as we put on rather be she goes nuts and
I don't know why so try it out with your
animal let me know in the comments and
it makes a difference right I'm gonna go
to sleep because I'm I don't even know I
don't even know if I'm gonna go to sleep
a moment nap I had like an hour of just
sleeping and part and out because as you
know I went to bed last night like 4:30
a.m. and had to wake up for 9 I was dead
today
this little ones very excited
give me their story what's this what's
this one
Goodman yeah you try it make all yeah
took a few whoa how excited for
Christmas I a fortune perhaps your type
join tidings did seller open this an
early Christmas dinner cooked by Daddy
sug oh this is this the experiment
there's quite a few experiments and this
that is mashed potato with mozzarella no
lives
god I'm so Italian parmesan and
breakfront and then over here we've got
another experiment which is another fan
bacon this is what we call burnt it
looks good
what is that it's parsnips with bacon
and cheddar yo caramelized for guys like
everyone log in play when you're not
know yo did you lose you I don't it up
wait you still what your own you have to
choose some fish a1 C words first word
Sleeping Beauty yeah bellman three words
from the Grinch car West late but live
fast low slain father Christmas
well that is literally father Christmas
in a sleigh
book book novel you down online I'm open
reading reading read first well that's
bad
Oh toy toy toy story yeah finish dinner
and all the festive games everything
we're gonna sneak upstairs and get Noah
like we've got a child it when I going
to check up on them Hey Baby how you
doing
are you tired I even sleep in he could
yes gun anchor girl hurry up guys we've
got a massive long lead like a 20 meter
lead I'll just hold the end here and she
can just go outside and run around where
she pleases kind then hurry up quickly
oh she's right away she's about to do it
yeah whoo I'm sorry she's looking at me
like why the hell you filming me wait
let's go get a treat guys is present
time we're giving Joe you enjoy his
presence which one's this it's like this
is the one that Zoe was Ash we get Joe
this and I'm like wait I want this one
myself I want their mr. made more you
see this is the one this is that's my
rapping by the light classic zoella you
can't see that ah the box
I'm gonna show Tom Dixon what I know
that is but you know I love my candle
it's my favorite sin or that I've got
other make a proper pasta
I've got two he's got two wicks on it
two things at once
smell it smell how fresh it is Oh
Thursday yo what's this guy I know how
much you love this kind of stuff so boys
the perfect gift for you boy there's
only a small bit of rat boy yeah so by
raccoons like a giant oh boy is it come
on Josh copy yeah
you can make your own slush puppies in
it you know my chachi like oh yeah I'm
in Syria I know I bet out on y'all
I know I'm sorry it's winter pasta plate
babe
why would you run off see what I wanted
and I told him no you did it yeah
KitchenAid whisk so you know you get
older yeah when you get like kitchen
appliances that's when you get an old
Jesus see now when I make my pancakes
now I don't have to use the four yeah
and that has bloomin ages knowledge
Christmas present daddy sug what is it
go compare maker what is it now ah ha ha
ha all right the one thing that I wish
your boy chose I did I did I buy you one
last year is a remote-control helicopter
everybody if you're buying for like a
mail for Christmas by the remote-control
helicopter they will be happy for the
rest of their life did I buy you one
last year no about two years ago two
years ago was it gonna vlog this but Joe
is so happy oh that I'm having to look
at him going for our town uh everyone in
Division rap back media Oh beer all day
really good oh I remember that one
Batman Returns yeah oh look at the
cartridges I know
it's so tumblr I know that dad bigger
players tonight oh my God look it is
time to head up to bed guys I had an
awesome evening with Christmas dinner
opening all the presents and just
celebratory fun the Christmas time -
yeah fun dollar the other guys are
playing on the sega mega system master
drive thing edema thing thing
yeah so much Oh going get those bananas
gone or you want that nut Park I don't
go jump into at Hanoi are annoyed if you
miss oh no no I know I'd you go hey do
you punk don't go to the site oh yeah oh
yeah another dog a number which oh oh oh
doo doo doo doo doo doo scute about Babu
Skippy that Babu
GPU doo doo doo doo doo so he stolen my
side of the bed
thank you very much oh this is a one
comfy bed she stopped ja wait y'all so
earlier on Zoey went into Joe's room and
she saw that he had nicer sheets than us
embedding so she stole it and put our
bed your bed Joe come here how jealous
my bedding and our throat yes annoying
middle or high jealous of your own oh
sorry Zoe stole your bedding and feel a
soft of look how soft this is
feel this though you got such a nice day
look at that throw and now look at Joe's
that know Joe's looks really nice
where's Jose I'm a rugged man no don't
need confer about now where's Jose
throat specific man's cardigan that's
like a scarf that my great great now
knitted yes yes right Belem bed with bed
in my bedroom I hope that's my right
that's what sneaks this room it's like
always thank stinks your light
yes well the lights on it fish I know I
smell and I like the bed I love the
shape of this bed I love the back there
guys this time for us to go to
and I hope you've enjoyed today's video
if you did give it a big ol thumbs up
tomorrow we're going to go on like a
nice countryside walk with Nala Zoey's
hanging out her friends for a bit from
college or since the Uni we shouldn't go
to uni from college and work and stuff
so I don't know what I'm going to get up
to something fun I want to go take some
Instagram pictures because I bought a
camera with me to get it some photos and
with a middle oh we're nice to countries
all around us and it is Christmas time
I'm feeling so festive are you feeling
festive from today no the carpet keeps
on going up as I said do you feel
festive look at your outfit alright say
goodnight to my vlog goodnight guys
catch you tomorrow good night is it boy
or girl haha no you fool arm
