is it boy or girl those your forearm
hello everybody I'm not gonna say good
morning guys because it is not the
morning and I'm in a super weird mood
today basically I've just got back I've
been doing like editing and sawing out
load of Christmas presents I bought
loads more Christmas presents this
morning with my sister over Skype we
were both ordering stuff of Amazon and
other websites that I can't mention
because oh is in every room over there
basically it's been super festive super
super fun and I got my hair cut so I
want to show you look how short my hair
is now I just when I got my hair cut
today it's like all messy and short and
I really like it I have installed it yet
myself would just came out the
hairdresser's literally like how long
ago did I come out the hairdresser's
about half an hour ago and I'm at home
and I got my doggy here and I got my
girlfriend here and I don't really know
what else to say what did I want to show
you there was something about that was
what I wanted to do I haven't opened my
chocolate calendar in ages today's like
the 16th I believe is it the 16th there
was at the 17th it's the 16th today so
let's open this when was the last one I
opened 11 12 I believe an open 13 oh
nice very little ball going on I don't
open it
where's another number 14 good girl
number 15 you found there number 16 for
today is over here open up another
little red ball I can never lemon get
out there we go
how is your day going today is it good
Mulla not if your day is good
haha she's so cute I had my hand going
like this and she was like following my
hat my hair looks so short it looks so
short I'm not used to out look at the
sides and everything look look at it
take a look Nullah no they're not yours
they're my treats not your treats oh
wait
she had her doggy one today maybe she
thinks this is her one she knows what it
look at her but I swear if in your one
no no we haven't opened this one in a
while when was the last day we opened
let's have a look number 11 where's
number 12 number 10 we haven't even
opened it number 12
should we open number 12 for you and
give you number 12
oh let's push break lemon Elle right
through it there's two in there no oh my
gosh bloomin heck she's a little bit
excited Zoe's have meetings all day at
the house today so I haven't actually
been able to vlog much because there's
been other people here and I didn't want
to be like good morning guys with like
people in the house that I'm not that
confident enough to do that in front of
but you know the massive like pen that
we usually have in this room here for
gnarley' we don't never like a mess in
the hex company that comes up to about
my waist I kind of realized that it was
a little bit silly that we had such a
big pen for Nala to stay in when we go
out because like I didn't big
height-wise because none of is the
smallest dog ever also if you ever meet
not if you've ever if you ever if you
ever meet Nala in person I bet you she
is smaller than what you think she is
and videos everybody that meets her
whether it's a viewer in the street
whilst I'm walking her or whether it's
just a friend who hasn't met her
recently or often more ever before it's
always like she's tiny I cannot describe
how small of a pug she is she is smaller
than any pug I've seen before
ever she is tiny so there was kind of no
point of her having a like a pen that
comes up to let this high because she
simply cannot fly like she can't even
climb on here to eat food off of there
let alone climb over some like pent up
high up my waist she's been playing with
her little teddy she loves this this is
what I think the Scottie journeys boy I
this when we got her but yeah look this
is her new pen so it's pretty much the
same size as the last one just a
different shape but it's so much shorter
like it only comes to the height of my
knee so it doesn't look as like bulky
and doesn't take up as much of the room
it's so good and there's like a little
step here which she like jumps over at
first she was a little bit scared but
now she like jumps over and goes and
gets into bed and if we did want it
another shape opposite we can move it so
it doesn't have to be rectangle but I
love it now let's do you like yet do you
want to show them go to bed go go to bed
ha ha sit down do you like your new bed
is it amazing
will you sniffling for what have you
found in there we put a tree in there is
that what you've hidden just spend the
last 45 minutes what's happened
oh no I the glass water on the floor and
I was just speaker head who will each
asleep record it all I'm about to make
us dinner I have got black truffle pasta
I've never had this before buy enough
truffle Zoey is God oh my gosh I can
even smell it out
I can smell it through the cracks get
the truffle snap strong and Zoey's got
tomato mozzarella and basil this is
gonna be delicious
just boil the kettle by I'm kind of
Hathor it's all flat I've done it myself
yet today I kind of am fully aware guys
that some days like recently I haven't
really been doing too much I basically
just saw a comment on one of my on my
new daily vlogs and it said how he
didn't even leave the house today set me
down to the gym this was so boring
now it's hard because when I obviously
on daily vlog in I don't do something
out the house fun every single day as
you know from watching this and I'm sure
you're the same I'm sure you watching
this
don't forget up to something ridiculous
to find out the house every single day I
the aim of my daily focus is just to
just film my day and if it's fun it's
funny that's boiling I'll try and make
it fun but it might just be which ones
which that's normal that's oh my god
that truffle was strong blue luminaire I
try and I try and make my videos as fun
as possible but obviously I am just a
normal person like you I'm not out
travelling the world and if you want
those kind of vlogs I'm not the guy I'm
afraid I'm just just turning it a little
bit to learn more in shock I'm just the
guy that is at home with his girlfriend
and his dog most the time and I feel my
life that's me
so I don't really know what to say the
comment I was like that's true because I
didn't really do anything particularly
fun yesterday so I can't understand why
you're saying that but at the same time
if you do want someone who goes out and
has adventures all the time that's not
me so the only thing that I could really
suggest on days like this when I've got
stuff like a haircut which obviously I
can't not gonna film really in my
hairdressers I've got stuff like oh why
do I look underwater I've got to write
my book all of this evening so like now
I would go out and have fun with friends
and stuff but then obviously my book
wouldn't get written and that isn't
something that I can exactly film myself
doing so the only way I can really
counter I suppose boring days like this
that you're watching now or days not
necessarily boring just leave that I
don't get up to this much because I do
want to continue daily vlogging I love
daily vlogging so much it is one of the
best decisions I've made on YouTube
because when I'm uploading just one
video a week I don't find it as like
engaging with you guys I feel like I'm
not up to date with you and talking to
you as much as when I filmed daily
videos so maybe when I have days like
this I could just film like a sit-down
chat video a Q&A a challenge their video
of would you rather be I don't like
another video instead I don't know don't
keep me to that let me know in the
comments what you'd rather this little
ones just come and give me a card or
whilst I'm sitting here so that's my
only thought unless you just don't want
me to upload on days when I'm not doing
as much fun engaging stuff because I can
completely understand why some well not
some of you this person just commented
today I can understand where they're
coming from that yesterday I was in the
house all day and then I went to the gym
for half an hour and then I ended the
vlog and that was it so I can understand
what you mean by it wasn't as fun as a
vlog where I might be in Singapore with
Marcos or I don't know you guys know
what I mean I don't really know what
else to say I'm happy to switch those
boring days out for like a challenge
video instead on this channel I'm happy
to not upload Dodie those days if you
didn't want me to I don't really know
let me know what you think in the
comments let me know if I should just
film them anyway and upload them but I
just don't want to be wasting your time
with these daily vlogs like I don't want
to upload a boring day and then you
watching think oh that was really boring
as videos are boring now and then you
don't watch another day work it's
actually really really fun and I do go
up to a lot of stuff so let me know what
you think of the comments I'm not saying
I'm gonna stop daily billion that's not
what I'm saying at all I'm just saying
that I could occasionally switch a video
out for a different kind of video so
comment saying yes if you want me to
occasionally when I have a particularly
boring day or busy day that I can't film
much comment below saying yes when you
want me to switch out that day for like
a challenge or something or come and say
no if you just want me to carry on and
just fight through it and make them as
entertaining as possible alright this
pastors got 48 seconds left until it's
done it's late 2010 it's already 10:00
p.m. it's already 10:00 p.m. that's what
I mean like you're probably only a
couple of minutes into the video I'm
probably only filmed a couple of clips
because I just haven't done much today
that is fun to film this is exactly one
of those days where I could have filmed
something maybe a bit more engagement or
something else I don't know let me know
the comments I have no idea what to
expect with this because I don't
actually like mushrooms however I love
truffle and that's what truffle is yeah
truffle it's mushrooms hmm wow that is
I've never had anything that's just
truffle like Jamie Oliver does a few
truffle dishes in his restaurant but
they're all like some names I'll do
something on truffle this is literally
pasta and truffle it's good she's good
yeah yeah normally that's my favorite
kind of chips
it's like triple cooked chips with
truffle oil so good huh and the Harry
Potter is over oh it's the next one or
now he's perform
sorry sorry love con artists is it boy
or girl those you fool tell everyone I
was half-asleep you're taking up all the
room I'm really comfy in content yes to
slip in somewhere I just snuck in next
to Zoe
he gave her a cuddle she was facing me
and I was like sorry well you treat me
enough do you know what your dream and
she was like hmm as I brought you to me
enough whisper food form was that she
was like the person I did the thing with
vod's why she's like the video so sorry
who is Buddha for arm trying to tell
them and up-and-coming artist who she
made a video with ago remember she's
still asleep guys another late night
even though yesterday at the end of
yesterday's video I was like guys please
don't let me go to bed late I don't want
it going to bed at 3 o'clock anymore it
is 20 minutes to 2:00 in the morning
so we're tiny bit earlier than before a
slight improvement not anything great
though however I did just get a ton of
work on the new book done
so all positive how do I turn these
loads off there we go okay
I'm gonna have my vlog numbers thank you
so much for watching today I hope you've
enjoyed it again like I said comment
down below with the yes or no like I
said earlier on let me know what you
think of me changing the uploads are
tiny bit or not changing they're more
whatever you guys want and I'll catch
you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs if you enjoyed
it I'll see that tomorrow how about
you've got a really really fun packed
day I'm going for breakfast with Leon
and Carly from the Lee machines and Kali
marina and then I am going shopping
Christmas shopping all day with my
sister then Joe sugg is coming over here
in the evening and yeah it's gonna be
packed
it's gonna be good it's gonna be a long
fun vlog because the last couple of days
have been a little bit boring for you
because I've been no book stuff and
haircuts and meetings and anyways
tomorrow's videos gonna be amazing
I promise you I'll see you then good
night so that when you're tweeting Zoey
saying and preserving whatever you did
Christmas presents from you
