so know when you're tweeting Zoey say
other than one of you it did Christmas
presents from you good morning guys it
is actually the morning for no snow
okay the kind of is it is ten minutes to
twelve but I how was it already that
name we woke up so early
Zoey has been awake since ten to seven I
woke up at nine o'clock
we've already know there's nothing that
just laying down on the floor behind me
I put the vet so then if you know
neither has some like puppy acne which
is basically just like teenage like in
humans
teenagers get spots so do dogs weirdly
enough buzzers had it before and he just
had like a week of like antibiotics just
a little biscuit you have to feed them
and it went away so we put in
foreknowledge go to the best tonight at
5:30 to go and get I haven't you you've
got a poorly chin maybe a lot of body
chin we're gonna get it fixed tonight
aren't we yes we have already a
breakfast yeah I had like one of these
little protein bar things as always
we're sticking up some scrambled eggs
for us to have but oh you look good at
that no better whisking than me so he's
whisking some eggs up for us to have
scrambled eggs for breakfast I've edited
the daily vlog Zoey is just finished
editing a main Channel video I don't
know what we're going to get up to today
I think tonight are we definitely going
poppy really wants to go I really want
to go so tonight we're gonna try and go
hopefully it's not fully booked
ice skating which I love so much I love
ice skating I just wish that in bright
in their hand like a full time ice
skating rink nearby cuz they only ever
have one at Christmas time which sucks
and what else are we doing I want to try
and do some Christmas shopping I've got
some more to write of my book and yeah
just and I suppose leading up to
Christmas it's always just going to be
like lots of we've run out of milk lots
of different little things happening
all of the time so there's never like
today I'm just doing this whether I was
gonna go shopping today
I was planning on going Christmas
shopping I wanted to go with Marcus or
Jim both of them were busy so that
didn't end up happening anyways today is
going to be fun and we're just kicking
it off with breakfast with some
scrambled eggs she's so sleepy guys I
just finished doing the audio for Zoey
his new video just helped her add in her
music and stuff like that while she's in
the bath and I'm now about to eat my
scrambled egg on toast that Zoey has
made me for breakfast this one is so
sleepy on you that's the best thing
about Christmas it's just been able to
have lots of sleepy cuddles and cozy
times and wearing comfy clothes and
things I don't know
a massive mailbox has just arrived from
Amazon now I am waiting for a delivery
today but I'm kind of a bit nervous
because Zoe's gone out now to her
massage I'm a little bit nervous oh my
gosh I said the word little right
normally I say little I'm a little bit
nervous that is a Christmas present for
me from Zoey but I'm going to open it
anyway because I've been waiting for a
parcel from Amazon all day so I think I
think there's a higher chance that it is
for me
Nayla what do you think should we open
it I can't open it right let me put you
guys down there a sec whilst I cut it
open the only thing that's making me
think is not for me
there's all these fragile stickers and
on the other side next to where it says
our address obviously I can't show you
it says fragile on it I haven't ordered
anything this fragile this isn't mine
okay whatever that is and I honestly
didn't see it guys is not for me like
I'm going to show you to prove all I can
see is a white edge that's it I've been
waiting all day for some head
and I ordered to workout with some like
Wireless 3b in ear headphones or
something this parcel here is not for me
however but I didn't see it so I don't
when you're tweeting as always say
alphas over one of you if there's
Christmas presents from you it might not
be to tell me oh there we go
what is this focus on now how do I turn
a light on there we go
I know guys well I'm still not even in
focus come on Canada we're on the way
back from the vets nah let's just had
her balm squeezed why she had done her
nails trimmed and her chin looked at
that was the reason why we went was net
and their chin her tiny little spots
she's got some antibiotics I am which
other she doesn't need a booster but she
needs it in January which is basically
like a year after you get your dog you
have to have some like top-up injections
and things like that so we're gonna book
that for in January but all good her bum
was squeezed and nails are trimmed and
we've got some antibiotics for her chin
so the little spots on her chin are
gonna go away you happy little one and
you can't even see you
I'm speaking to Panama she's not even
see her in the car it's nine o'clock in
the evening I'm just packing up all my
stuff I'm gonna head off my headphones
I'm gonna head off to the gym now
because my gym or it's actually quarter
past nine already my gym closes at 10:00
but I want to try and get in a quick
workout before it closes because I
haven't worked out today and I feel bad
for not working out just in text my
friend Leon from the lean machines and
he is working out now for the second
time today and I'm like no don't do this
to me Lea and because now I feel so bad
that I'm right at all if you need the
toilet as well before you go yes let you
go to the toilet right I catch you at
the gym
just got to the gym to started warming
up and everything guys I want to learn
the calisthenics moves and I just
perform do it it takes so long to learn
so I'm using this to teach me so now I
can put you and show you
I wanna be at remove of the green wire
one of them smooth this green thing
anniversary life flap
all right that is right you guys I'm
absolutely knackered
let's go ahead every single night
recently I really need to sort out it is
quarter to 3:00 in the morning water to
three that's ridiculous Alfie start
gonna bed earlier please can you you
bugged me on Twitter if I'm tweeting
late at night and stuff please can you
moan at me because I should not be going
to bed at court 3:00 in the morning it
just means that I wake up late tomorrow
or I don't wake up late and then I'm
incredibly tired so I need to start
waking up earlier basically tomorrow and
get my haircut
I completely forgot what time I know
Zoey's got a meeting tomorrow morning
super super early so I've got to look
after gnarley' tomorrow my haircut is at
2:45 of it awesome
alright oh do you my chest click did you
hear that take a broken my chest guys I
reckon your chest is meant to click this
is just meant to take anyways alright
I'm completely a.m. I've not done here
because there's no point me going
upstairs ending up there I'm waking
Zowie up tonight on my laptop I've done
a little bit more Christmas shopping
so I've officially bought Christmas
presents sorted and done for my mum
poppy Shaun and my dad so I have got
left Zoe and my grandma now my grandma
is like the easiest person to buy
presents for in the world because she's
one of those people and actually that's
the same with my mum and the same with
my dad now it's the same for everybody
but my grandma is just like super like
it basically well even if I bore her
literally gave her some socks she'd be
like thank you so much our P that is so
this is the best Christmas present she's
like so so cute
so I know of my grandma I'm gonna have
it quite easy whatever I get her
she is going to love I'm also going
shopping with papi on Thursday we're not
sure where we're gonna go shopping yet
we're thinking maybe somewhere like blue
water or what's it called what's it
called what's it called kinks turn or
bath or somewhere a little bit further
away that's what we're thinking we're
not sure yeah
but other than that I haven't got
Zoey much for Christmas yet okay
everybody has really good presents and
Zoey I'm just completely like I have no
idea what can I get for Christmas she's
hard to Bible no she's easy to buy for
like my grandma she's like she will love
whatever I get her I know that for sure
even if I got I like a copper candle she
would love it but at the same time she
also has everything a lot of girls love
makeup and beauty stuff the Zoey has a
light Shirley she literally has every
single light makeup and beauty product
you can literally get like I don't even
know what she has I don't even know what
brands I wouldn't know what to get her
because I'm sure she's got a lot of
already always I can get candles and
stuff that's a no-brainer she loves that
kind of thing and you can never ever
have enough candles so I know that I
have got a couple of bits I've got a
small list of things but I just haven't
quite got everything planned so if you
do know anything please don't tweet her
saying oh he's gonna buy you this for
Christmas but it'd be lovely if you
could leave some good suggestions in the
comments I'm gonna stop rambling I
haven't even had a shower since or go
ahead in my mouth haven't even had a
shower since I went to the gym that's a
little bit gross my shower now before
going to bed or maybe shower in the
morning but I will catch you tomorrow
thank you so much for watching the vlog
I hope you've enjoyed it if you enjoyed
my little workout I'm glad that I did go
to the gym then I stuck with it and
worked out because I haven't trained I
don't think for like for 4 days now so I
was speaking to my friend Leon as I said
to
and he was on going to the gym then
working out with the second time today
and I was like I haven't even worked out
once in four days I'd better get my butt
to the gym and I went even if it was
only for half an hour because it was
closing I still went and I enjoyed it
so that's exceeded a lot of your comment
in and tweeted me and stuff saying when
are we going to get our Christmas
jumpers on board when Chris mentioned
but when are we going to get it they
have officially sold out all of them are
sold out now said to you they are so
quick the limited match always sells
like that so I'm very sorry if you
wanted one of you and there isn't any
left you have an ordered one because
there isn't any left but if you did
manage to order one they will be with
you before Christmas
don't you worry they're all already like
printed and made and everything they
just can't sent out to you and you how
so they should start arriving any time
and yeah before Christmas I'm gonna end
a blog who's had a lovely day evening
morning whatever whatever whatever
whatever time it is wherever you are in
the world
and I will catch you tomorrow with a new
blog cool did I think of it a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it do that one if you
enjoyed it I'll see you tomorrow good
night no go go get it
