good morning guys how are you doing I'm
just fight it you just spat in my
another get bit too into it and just
fighting my doggy over there octopus toy
but I really want but she won't let me
finish of it give me that we give me not
to wait it is currently the evening I've
spent all day doing so many different
bits and bobs and jabs and bits and bobs
yeah it is quarter past 20 plus five in
the evening these arrived earlier I've
shown you guys these before these are
bounce energy balls that protein stuff
protein protein balls and then I thought
I'd try these are think Marcus has these
so I was like I'll try them post in one
of your five a day as well actually
delicious good fun a workout I also
bought one of these are elastic things
that arrived today you guys know what
these are just to help me learn some
calisthenics stuff and then also bought
some things called fat gripz
fat gripz that basically make your grip
fatter when you're doing weights and
stuff which will hopefully improve the
strength of my grip and make me stronger
and better for the master oh let's see
if we can trick you what's that no go
get it we are about to leave in about
ten minutes to go to my parents or
Internet is being so slow today so I'm
very sorry that yesterday's vlog went up
a bit late I've been trying to upload it
is 25 minutes +5 my videos throughout 28
minutes left
normally it takes like 4 minutes for a
video to be uploaded in this house so
annoying the videos late Zoe's videos
also late not because of our house
internet though but because YouTube
isn't first to some videos at the moment
for some reason I've also had other
youtubers contact me Ben hey Alfie do
you know how to make a video on YouTube
process quicker and I was like we're
having the same issue
yeah I just thought I'd update ya let
you know what we've been up to today let
you know what's arrived at the house
bits and bobs I should have opened them
on canva then we could run a little like
pointlessblog mail time kind of thing
also I had my friends over this morning
I had my friend Holly and her friend as
well who I've never actually met before
and they went clubbing last night she
touched me this morning like can I come
over and we'll make bacon sandwiches so
I had a couple of friends over and Zoey
as well was hear my voice and I made
everybody a big fire up we had like 16
bits of bacon eight bits of toast six
scrambled eggs that I need the accent he
turned into an omelette because I wasn't
watching it popular I was cooking a
baked beans and sausage it we had
everything everything is super delicious
anyways I'm gonna try and do everything
I possibly can to get this video up
because it's already half an hour late
and we need to get over to mom and dad's
so I'll catch you in a bit
right Zoey has asked for me to get
something to eat as a surprise I mean I
don't know how surprising it's gonna be
but can show you you know what's in our
fridge so it's not gonna be the most
surprising thing what can I get ya how
filling do you want your chocolate you
are not chocolate
you're not gonna want to homeless and
carrot sticks are you I knew you'd say
no to that
when the chase Dennis energy bloggers
own sugg rights under what's in Malone
zoella oh you didn't even know you
didn't even know so we're at mom and
dad's it is so Christmassy here look at
that crisp Oh someone's ringing your
phone look at their Christmas tree it's
so cool
we got one doggy here Dona where the
other dog is run away somewhere and look
at this we've got pizza face which is
kind of you know the healthy peach to
take away that we sometimes get is that
it's basically getting pizza without
feeling too guilty for having pizza so
excited we just want to pick it up in
the car it's so raining and cold out
there NOLA
are you excited for pizza miss tonguey
miss licky head he excited spicy
Papi's here for being Sean of Jessica
back monster damn we haven't got them
pizza they're literally gonna be so
jealous
I just rung her mini guys like do you
want any food they said none I didn't
say we're getting pizza they said no
because they've eaten on the plane you
guys know what plane food is like is
this mine that was the reason
look at this yeah I want to film their
face once what they see wrinkled pizza
we got visa Phase II fella you never
said your phone in your life you know
Bella that's not medicine mums made a
massive what is this cake mum I've seen
that one in weight throws watch it easy
guys they're being so sleepy she
literally caught every time she stands
up she just lay that down watch him he's
literally sleeping with his eyes open
standing up no his eyes closed but just
standing up buzz lay down watch Oh
mommy's going out there run we have just
goin to bed guys I am so sleepy like
we're watching something Oh sort of look
the settings up on the screens we're
watching something about the Titanic on
the canopy it is so I know like an
underwater key it is so interesting why
they don't get enough the screen so I'm
going to end the vlog now I realized
that I haven't done much today one of
the presents I just got given because I
just did so his calendar which is the
come in to where she bought different
presents for me every day I got given
five scratch cards for and I have a
feeling that I'm gonna win a million
pounds from one of them I just got a
good feeling tonight I think I'm just
gonna win a million pounds what do you
think yeah you did imagine in veneto
million imagine if I won like 30,000
pounds or something
anyways so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna film Zoey and I opening them up
tomorrow morning and put it in now hello
yesterday's vlog it is time to see if I
am sitting here and multi multi million
off of these scratch cards okay you
ready Zoey show you some each of course
gun now what happens if I win because
technically is only paid for them so
does that make them legally Zoey's what
if I'm scared that I'm gonna get a
scratch one and she's gonna win at
blooming million pounds she we sort of
smallest and then get bigger and bigger
and then share them 1 million yeah okay
I know you've got to go out which one of
these two do you want honey okay
and which one of these two do you want
this one now if you win is it yours or
is it mine we share it we share it okay
right so we've each got a 5,000 pound
one and an 80,000 pound one like
potential of winning and then to share
we've got a 1 million pound so it could
be 3 to win I'm gonna put you guys down
there just once we scratch them I want
200 pounds they have no I thought I was
like shut up have you won something if
this is a 40 a 20 or a two time or one
pound
yeah guys i won I want so much money
we're rich beyond over I want it costs
one pound and I've won two pounds we
look at the prize table if I didn't get
any of that one no no you sound a bit
further for some reason oh no I didn't
win any in that one
I'll wait there's loads of different
options yeah but they're all Christmas
trees and stockings and so far I haven't
got anything well look I've got stocking
at stock hey guys
so if I've won we're stocking turkey
stocking stocking tree yeah but I don't
know that it's just all trees and boots
I think it's just two of the same one
different like two of the same one
different two of the same one different
in a row you find three symbols in the
same order as displayed in the toys
table very one can bow otherwise then
here I've won a hundred pounds but
that's not true to there and one
different hundred to there and one
different find three symbols in the same
order as displayed on the card
no I'm oh I don't think that's like I
don't really hard you guys thank you
down there just what I scratch this last
bit does it make you get goosebumps no I
need a queen no I don't like scratching
it with this try it with this one this
was right how can i scratch card be so
complicated Christmas tree Christmas
tree puddin Vlad had to go and make
things so complicated but then look that
would be a winner that would be a winner
like keep them just in case
no we haven't won but we did win two
pounds on the other one I did win 14
ounces to win one find a Santa to win a
prize
a seeding that's a lolly that's a
blooming house that was a house
Christmasy that's a Holi
and that's sweet okay next one game two
in a row if your present weighs more
than their present you win a prize okay
my present four grams five grams
seven eight right next why they're
blooming presents so heavy match the
winning symbol to any of your symbols to
win a prize
all right let's not look at that let's
look at these last so if this here is a
star at a gas they or hat with one
blooming reindeer is next is it the same
on the last one
I just thought imagine now if we won
five grand how crazy would have went
that would have been so exciting sick
Johnny get your what are these two
pounds yeah what can we get with two
pounds amazing right you go you're
you're running late
so I hope you enjoyed it I could be
watching this currently being a multi
multi-millionaire 105 of them oh I want
a pound or I could have one a pound so
give me a thumbs up if you're proud of
what I've won I don't know what it is
yet but give video a thumbs up I'm sorry
that the vlog was a little bit short and
I'll get you tomorrow cool
do you waving goodnight oh my heart your
eyes look your eye
