oh my hair orange yeah look your eye
what what's wrong with my eye good
morning guys how you doing
I hope you're having a lovely day it is
pretty what are you guys up J yeah when
she was a gorilla now get down here so
you have a morning cuddles I've edited
today's daily vlog already and the time
is 25 minutes past 9:00 look at me check
me out
being up early fairly early consider oh
it's better that Hawk goes to last night
doing pretty good so far today I've
started having coffee again every
morning guys which cup shall I go for
let's go for that little one here but
because obviously my acid reflux
after a decaf coffee but that's fine it
still tastes good and then over here I'm
about to make some scrambled eggs
and then I did some ham oh yes get that
coffee shot get it yes yes go on we kind
of run out of bread so I've had to
improvise a little bit and this is - oh
he's breakfast which is scrambled eggs
with ham and then some baked beans and
sausages Darcy has told me that she
wants cereal instead so we're about to
make Darcy some cereal and Louise is
still asleep upstairs
just giving Darcy her breakfast on her
little chair how yummy is your breakfast
is it good good good look at a little
chair yeah I think she's still a little
bit scared of nala it's all good she
just wants to eat some of your food yes
I don't want to share it there we go now
she'll go away right we're all changed
and getting dressed
I'm ready for the day Zoe and Louise are
about to film two new videos their
annual Christmas gift-giving videos
together so it's just watching 300 blog
rave uploaded scheduled everything money
video already for today just put my
shoes on now I'm about to head out to go
and grab some bits for the new video
which we are about to film after Zoe
Louise from their videos so Zoe and I
are filming like a Christmas Eves Elfie
collab that's going up tonight or
yesterday for you guys if you're
watching this so I hope you enjoyed it
if you haven't seen the videos yet I'll
leave some links down below so you can
check them out
I'm gonna have to go now cuz I'm not
able to tie my shoes with one hand
although that would be a good skill to
learn to tie my shoes one hand maybe I
can do it one bow stay there
another bow go through there oh wait
look I did it
I'm living type of a shoot with one hand
does it uh I mean that's not that
impressive and it did also take me like
two minutes to do but I did it
jeez guys I just bought so much stuff
for this video
oh my gosh are you doing you do some
parkour balancing on my legs hey Zoe
knife just finished filming my video
it went up yesterday for you this here
is the aftermath why did we do this Zoe
this is your idea oh look at me look at
my hair look at Zoe I need champagne oh
I just dripped some on the floor you
volunteer to go and get the champagne
yeah oh my hand yeah okey I what what's
wrong my eye it's covered all your eye
like ginger
oh yeah cinnamon powder anyways right if
you want to go see this video we need to
go get in the shower somehow get rid of
this if you want to see the video I
leave a link down below oh my gosh this
is gonna take so long to clean up Zoe's
having to wash our hair down here how's
it going oh my gosh you're back I need
to take my top off really mad
I hope everybody enjoyed I hope it is
worthwhile
look at that and I still look like this
I'm trying to tidy up over here it's not
going too well there's a little table
mean racetrack finally tidied up
everything that literally took about an
hour to do I absolutely stink stink so
bad I've got my hand back as well look
like an idiot almost even my phone now
you can t see it but even my phone has
got like cream and stuff on there Oh
wash my hair in the sink downstairs but
I just feel gross right I'm going to
jump in the shower real quick and then
I've got a wagon mummers as well as you
saw in the video if you haven't seen it
yet whilst we were
filming the video oh oh you can see me
the mirror I always do this I always
accidentally walk past mirrors while
some just in my boxers oh I've got
something all on my shoulder some food
any oh I'm gonna go get in the shower
I've got food wait for me downstairs for
as soon as I get out and I need to edit
and upload this video just prefer
getting the shower quickly I had some
allergic reaction to one of the things
on my face I don't know if you can see
it's all red here and this half of my
forehead and all my cheek and half of my
nose was like all puffy whatever like
that can you see that whatever was on
this side of my face in the video but
that sides not like it and look at this
it all reacted so not only did I get
incredibly messy and stinking everything
I've also had a blooming allergic
reaction from that video find a little
fresh and sorted guys although my hair
needs a haircut so bad
look it out you can longer this I
actually text my hairdresser yesterday
talking I get a haircut hopefully you
can fit one in before Christmas my face
is still a little bit a little bit red
and swollen anyways and if you're on
events in this video just finished up
editing the new video my shoulder looks
a bit weird the new video and I just
realized the moment outfit it's kind of
matching as well I absolutely love it I
think is actually hilarious Zoe and
Louise and Darcy haven't seen it yet i'm
bout to Zoe before it goes up these guys
are making snowflakes and jewelry
thirsty bitch did you make that bracelet
or did you buy it you made it wow it
looks beautiful doesn't it you're making
a necklace I know it I could tell
then little nugget is fast asleep over
here look at her she's so cute over
there and losers on her laptop what you
up to
editing tonight
yeah I could tell you're like this slow
is not like uh yeah I'll go with that
I'm going
doing um what you did what exactly you
doing no lies
turn your logic round look at uh what
are you doing I fancy she was talking we
caught you red-handed literally
red-faced we caught you open it up
showers it that way
come on the missus you gonna walk I am
wearing possibly the least cool outfit
in the world
I've got shorts on a little pug in a
Christmas jumper a sleeveless hoodie and
then a normal hoodie on top of it and
then headphones on top of my hood I look
like a nutter but my little doggy is
happy so it's all good
look how much better at walking nah
let's become guys she literally just
chills next to me she saw that pull and
sprint ahead before look at the lead
it's all loose that's crazy
I was meant to be tonight Nick text me
Nick Grimshaw say come down to the live
show an arse I card tonight Adele and
one direction and is one Direction's
apparently is their last performance all
their little break yeah yeah and not
last forever I know you guys will click
refresh me now yeah they lost my
performance at the moment or their break
you ready yeah ah oh look at ah of all
the pictures this is really emotional
this is gone Harry yes look at him
ah oh yeah yes Liam looks sick tonight
Zoe seems to think that these people
asked when were older they have over one
another they have over 1 million
Christmas lights ok you gonna go
upstairs with mommy mommy's going to bed
now oh go on you go upstairs with mommy
and then you get to bed go to bed room
mummy I'll see you in a bit
guys it is half past two in the morning
why am I still awake you may be asking
because I thought it was my idea to
start trying to do some Christmas
shopping because I think Oh Zoe put so
many little lights on these little
twinkly ones and she falls asleep before
me every night so I've to go and turn
them all off
where's the off switch
they were they yeah I thought would be
smart to start doing some Christmas
shopping now then realize that I don't
actually have my card because I lost my
wallet so I can order anything and then
I started chatting - literally Cole just
got into a massive chat with him of it's
led to him in ages catching up seeing
what he's up to seeing where he is in
the world and just chant him so I'm out
breath I've just been now doing a little
workout we leave now it's gone from
everybody gone to bed to me one in 202
McDonald's to Christmas shop in -
chatting - Louie chat to Marcus and then
working out and now it's like bloomin
hair 24 minutes past 2:00 in the morning
and I need to go to bed
I need to get some sleep I'm good I'm
gonna end my vlog down here because I'm
only gonna go upstairs and they're not
waking Zoey in either up who are both in
bed asleep so I hope you've enjoyed
today if you have give it a big ol
thumbs up I hope you enjoyed
yesterday's main Channel video it was so
much fun filming it today I'll leave a
link down below if you want to go check
it out give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it or man this light is like
blinding me and I'll catch you tomorrow
morning
go net let guys we're in a dead but we
need a bacon burger hey I look look at
this camera why I'm not sure yeah
