let guys we're in a dead but we need a
bit camera yeah yeah look look at this
camera why I'm not sure yeah good
morning how you doing my hair today
looks kind of like a 15 year old Justin
Bieber it's getting a bit too long and I
need to get it cut real bad and kind of
didn't ding my plan why can't I speak
this morning my plan yesterday's you saw
at the end of yesterday's video was to
get a birdie to those OE and have
breakfast together I kind of woke up a
10 o'clock Zoey do already have
breakfast by yourself and everything so
that didn't work but I did start late
last night working on the new book so
it's not like I was just having a lazy
lion
I was I was up late working last night
so the time now is half-past eleven I
need to make myself some some brunch
which is breakfast and lunch also just
bit my braces oh oh it's ready it's time
it's days it is the one to change my
braces put in some new ones where did I
put my knee braces is this then I think
this is then put some new braces in here
set number 18 of 25 by one nearly
getting there nearly there then I get
good morning baby oh I like your jumper
it's got little lights on there that's
so Christmassy someone's ringing me it
was a Poppy's ring and me from blooming
Amsterdam where I'm meant to be hello
how is it how is it
oh I want to be there the daily vlog is
uploading and it is now time to open my
calendar then I'm seeing that why not
what day is it today
musical do we do so much fun we can see
musical come you guys see in musical
scene we still haven't seen Carrie
enemies
I saw got annoys me about 10 out of 10
I saw a really area effort on the side
I've seen bit three times in our life
you know I've got us tickets right
whenever we want
when I was on what morning show is that
with what's-his-name with mister mister
mister sure no morning show yeah this
morning that's the one when I was on
this morning there was a dance segment
with two of the boys who are Billy in
Billy Elliot and they came up to me and
we have pictures and stuff and they gave
me they're like the woman's contact
details the email who runs with Billy
Elia and she said when ever you on
she'll give us tickets Zoe still not
listening to me this is what it's like
I'm just putting you're excited for what
you're excited for what the Elliot to go
yet how we go in because the little boy
on this morning gave you the details of
the ollie
I'm sorry never listen to anything I say
right what are we what day is it today
the 11th well is it 12 so I also didn't
open yesterday's alright and 12 as well
I got two of the same ones
let me now can never get these out oh my
gosh
I literally there we go to the same ones
we've got to go and pop out now and
don't we we got to go and pop out and
we're leaving you in here just watch me
go out you've had one three already okay
since you've been a really good going
oven super cute today I'll give you
another treat these are like bread and
fish
there we go I'm potato good girl you
enjoy that we've got some guests over
now guys we've got Louise who is like a
cocoon at the moment Oh No
tuck them away ya have to have my feet
tucked in and then we've got over here
we've got Darcy who is reading us a
story story of baby Jesus oh we're
having to start again just put oh oh nah
I don't know if that's the best place to
sit gone lolly go on ahead sit down
that's nice isn't that like sad cake
is she friends with your mummy yeah yeah
why are you gonna read us this book I'm
gonna read the Vectra Darcy was already
on the last page but I came in and said
wait I haven't had it so we're starting
again now let's stop that come here stop
it come on sit down
no come over here right sit down daddy
black good girl you eat one pages only
the next page you check turns you read
this page and I'll do the next one so
what's happening here there are these
people what do you babies if I don't hit
Nick basket I mean it the babies you
know Tommy cherries oh she's got
cherries in a basket that's what she's
taking an ER for labour now you read
this what's he called
I don't know you for help well bad hotel
mom hmm do you think she's eatin our
cherry thick
yeah she ate the cherries in this one oh
she don't eat enough to the cherry to
this was this was called no no 100 sorry
hey yeah your mom that cat it's got a
babe
what's the cat called Charlotte
Charlotte what about what about the dog
no no odd the dog is called Lola
sorry wait no way when they go you
already have the Innisfil but the kind
innkeeper lets them stay in his stable
I've been writing my book for a while up
here guys but Zoe is just text me saying
come downstairs and see our den so I'm
guessing her and Darcy have made an epic
dead growing up as a kid making dens was
literally my favorite thing that's
seeing that Louise asleep over there
that's so cool I thought it was gonna be
tiny
you've even got chocolate in there and
you got a little dog in there as well oh
I love it not are you having fun look
another she's loving life look at her I
want to come in I did fit only like this
let guys we're in a dead but we need a
bacon burger here look look at this
camera I am Not sure yeah this is so
cool oh you even got very light I'm a
pain guy I don't know where's your truck
land Darcy gives out the chocolate know
the time is that one can I have a green
one the green one is my favorite one
is it a green triangle that's my
favorite one I've got to you got to for
me Oh none less sitting on my head she's
lying down for piggy can I have one of
them now or only for pudding argue what
four people one for now one per per day
okay we're gonna go out for dinner
tonight guys I've just booked a table at
Jamie Oliver's what time the six o'clock
I need to vlog that you've arrived into
our den I have arrived
this is coulis and thumb yeah please
were having a friend dad we've come up
for dinner guys we have hop into Jamie
Oliver's the others are behind me there
we've just parked the car now we're
going in Louise's got the children's
toys she asked me crayon and
secretly how cool is this Darcy yep
press it down there we go plus it's got
cool little head things wrong as well
little Christmasy put ins on their head
right what we getting I'm so hungry
we've been given a little Christmassy
tasters wow that's heavy for what it is
oh my god how heavy is that it isn't
that heavy it's a little pumpkin soup oh
thank you yes
that's good is arrived I went for a
pastor special which is like salami
no no me
pepper it looks as you delicious no um
for the same
Darcy's already finished her she's on to
her chocolate ice cream
she's letter berry
I'll let her describe gossipy she
started doing this face is so funny and
Louise's got pumpkin pumpkin why you got
the theater Popkin on there yeah
you're enough we got a little photo
shoot going on Instagram shoot leskew
now it's good wasn't there all right
guys it is only 10:30 but I am so tired
I came upstairs to buy my book as soon
as we got back at 9 o'clock all got back
at like quarter past eight and I wrote a
book for like half an hour 45 minutes
and then just fell asleep from 9 o'clock
until now and so he just woke me up as
she came upstairs to bed I thought it
was like 12 o'clock or something turns
out half past 10
so I've only actually been asleep for
like an hour so anyways I'm gonna end
the vlog now I am so tired so I'll catch
you early tomorrow morning give the
video a thumbs if you enjoyed it good
night it's actually stood still on
that's a boiling hot hot
sorry there goes the pan
I actually meant Oh just entered the pan
what
