okay that's a 20 pound lose the pan I
actually Oh
good morning guys how you doing today it
is some day of the week I don't know I
think it's Thursday and then I get you
having a nice day are you
these guys will make you some pancakes
and bacon and everything yummy for
breakfast
Zuri's nay old pancakes recently just
randomly nailed them look at them look
at those stacks Jim is making a bacon
tan strands salmon and eggs and tea and
I'm just keeping an eye on them making
sure that they're doing a good job we've
got the table laid looking good I think
just with us I don't even know my oven
calendar for a few days what is the date
I need to have my calendar it is the
10th I believe I've been added since
like the seven the seven persons rush
yes about three chocolates today all
right the eight let's open that one up
thank you very much Little Red Bull
where is not the night but let me neck
it's getting it's getting close to
Christmas guys number nine a little
white ball
and number 10 up in here another little
white ball oh there we go got those
three choppers today then I know me
maybe try not to hit the ceiling for you
Thanks
breakfast time I've got some salmon
scrambled eggs made by Thanh that's just
with your twins Tania these have same
things that normal people would think of
the next step oh my god is so distain
look over this breakfast this looks
amazing these guys are all now but we're
hanging out with you tomorrow we're
going downstairs later on nestled into
my breath goodbye
it's been quite a while since I filmed
my last clip it is now 20 minutes past
8:00 in the evening I hate these lights
for filming all the light just comes
from down and then it hits my hand it
makes me look because there is dinner
that looks delicious
and are you Michael do music cooking out
we're kind of just having had a day of
just all that it was good I'm just doing
lots well they're pretty me just
randomly put on the side it wouldn't fit
in my thing oh lucky my back in my
little thing yeah kind of haven't really
feel much today because we're just
having not really any any excuse to be
honest we just done lots of
different little things are currently
just practicing my calisthenics and my
like branches and everything down there
whilst cooking up some who need me and
I'm about to Kinshasa just as well don't
know if I showed you I didn't if it is
film from my blog or not
but I kind of dropped this pan out here
look how flat it is on the side that
side normal that side flat drop the pan
whilst trying to try to flip pancakes
didn't go down too well good morning
guys how you doing today we are cooking
up some scrambled eggs or though this
kind of doesn't really look like
scrambled eggs it will in a minute I
just need to scramble them scramble them
up breakfast is made even though it is
kind of 10 minutes to 12 I've got the
gym at 12 o'clock so I've got four
scrambled eggs with some bagel
and then I've also got a protein chick
up dude whoo late start today because I
was kind of on my laptop planning new
stuff for you guys until like half-past
two no not help us to quarter to two
last night and so I woke up really late
today but I've got the gym in like 15
minutes I just got home from the gym now
I took my camera and my mobile in my
pocket the entire time and forgot to
film anything so I'm sorry about that I
was gonna film it I'm just gonna show
you what I was up to with my trainer
completely forgot to but I've now just
picked up Nando's on the way home
got a quinoa salad some halloumi some
chicken some rice and some more chicken
I have been the worst of lager today
guys ever known Allah every night think
of one every night right I've got some
catching up to do a view because I'm not
sure when I last filmed I was meant to
be going tonight - Tania Jim they've got
like a Christmas party with a ton of
family and friends I was meant to be
head in there tonight when in fact was
meant to be in Amsterdam today but but I
couldn't go because I've got so much
left to do for this third
book and the final deadline is Monday so
I am spending like all my time writing
and writing right and trying to get as
much done as I possibly can so that I
don't miss the deadline and that has
resulted in me not being able to make it
to Tanya Jim's Christmas party tonight
as well instead I'm gonna sit here and
do my third book but Zoey has still gone
I think she's just arriving any minute
now if I'm like ten minutes go since she
was 10 minutes away so she's still gonna
have a fun time everybody which means
that me and the little pup headed
together tonight aren't we not me baby
just me and you hanging out being pals
aren't we nothing quite beats a scone
with clotted cream and strawberry jam
that is what I'm gonna have for pudding
yeah look there's when it comes to cream
and jam on your scones or your scones
whatever you call them don't well we got
a party up in here these lights
everybody has posted such lovely
pictures of Tanya Jim's Christmas party
like this one here you guys currently
see it was OE Casper and Jo and I'm not
that and I'm not there I wish I was
there guys I really do the books going
incredibly well like I've literally just
wrote so much I still have a lot to do
by Monday I have a lot to do by Monday
but it's going really really good I find
it hard to work like writing on a laptop
and stuff because obviously I'm used to
work in by like editing videos and
things and when I was in school I was
always so bad at revising so it feels
like I'm almost like revising or do like
an English exam because obviously as you
guys know this is a weird handle of me
obviously as you guys know my other two
books one they didn't exactly have the
most words in them they didn't have a
lot of writing it was more like coming
up with funny ideas that I could put
into a book
for the other books rather than this one
if you know what it is if you don't know
what it is and there's a lot of writing
a lot of writing involved and none of it
can come from anybody else but me I have
to write it all that is the most
important part of my book is that I have
to write all of it obviously somebody is
going to go through and check that I'm
put spelling mistakes and stuff like
that but I'm literally sitting I don't
even have Microsoft Word I don't even
have word I'm writing out a note which
is just like look I don't even know if
you can't even see basically it's like
the free thing that you get off your Mac
it's notes
I'm writing my third book oh my gosh
what am i doing on notes and then I'm
individually just emailing over the
pages to the book publishers if this
third book I don't even know I think
it's going to turn that good I saw like
the first draft of how the first like 20
pages are gonna look and I'm super super
happy with it because obviously I write
it all but then my book publishers help
me and decide where the words gonna page
and what fonts to use and stuff like
that so it's gonna be blooming cool it's
really exciting I think it comes out
like the end of March I believe don't
moon them if that's wrong that's if I
can get all of this done by Monday
but that's why I'm not at the party and
I'm not Amsterdam so I'm gonna carry on
writing I'm sorry that the vlog isn't so
entertaining today here you go have a
sleepy puppy to entertain you I'm gonna
go I'm not gonna get to sleep on Eddie
said I'm gonna go to sleep I'm not gonna
go to sleep
I'm gonna write some more of this if you
could do me a favor it would help me out
so much I find it really really relaxing
when writing to listen to just like
calming music not like depressing down
music but just calming music like with
vocals of singing like Ed Sheeran kind
of vibe James Bay so if you
know any artists that I might not know
or any songs that I might not know that
it's like calming and nice to listen to
please leave either a link if you can or
like just the name of it down below in
the comments so that whilst I'm writing
tomorrow in this video go when this
video goes up and Sunday and Monday I
can listen to other songs and it would
make it a little bit easier for me not
saying it's hard I'm enjoying writing it
a lot like trust me I really really am
enjoying writing this because it's
something that I don't do and I finished
English as soon as I possibly could in
school because I didn't really like
having to write essays and dance but
this is obviously I'm choosing to do
this book because I want to do this book
I kind of ended up falling asleep on the
sofa don't worry I did write lots of one
book so it was worthwhile of not going
tonight
I still got lots done but I've been
asleep for the last like hour and a half
on the sofa oh my gosh I feel so out of
it is like 1:00 in the morning by the
way maybe even later than that bloomin
aircon rooms messy messy old room look
at that and sleepy guys I'm so so tired
did I show you this present that
somebody gave me in Singapore so
basically Jorian one of our like talks
that we did tonight a ton of you guys I
said that I was really really hot in
Singapore and then when I went backstage
one of the members of staff athlete
disco and an audience in the audience
just gave you this prison and it is in
saying I don't know what they don't sell
these in the UK or if they do I've never
seen one it is a little fan did you just
put in your iPhone and that is literally
here I'm gonna try to have one hand
Harger plug it in the bottom watch it's
not in yet there we go
and then it just it's so powerful as
well you know
ah okay that really hurt that's really
glad for the on that tiny sensitive bit
of my lip I'll sign in it as only let me
touch you on her nose ow
yeah miss Myers water yeah thank you so
much to whoever sent me this it is like
that it's cool is like the best gift
ever
I love it I love it so much in the
summer this is going to be amazing the
co cool that is so you don't need a nap
or anything you just plug it in and if
lumen spins and it calls you down it's
like 1 o'clock in the morning just
updating my phone apparently a new
update just came out hope you've had a
lovely day sorry that it's just been
such a mismatch of a vlog I've just been
trying to write the book and stuff so I
haven't really been able to do too much
for the camera and obviously I added in
the beginning of black parts that I
filmed yesterday cuz I didn't upload
yesterday and again I'm sorry about that
for the same reasons so hope you've
enjoyed the mismatch of a vlog I'm gonna
get back to normal vlogging tomorrow and
tomorrow Louise and Darcy are coming
over so that will be nice to hang out of
them although again I still need to
spend the more vast majority of the day
right in my book so yeah I'll catch you
tomorrow thank you so much for watching
today give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow
we're gonna get up early and make it
good breakfast aren't we avoid you
decided I want to hammer cheese toastie
for breakfast that's what I want
tomorrow and we hanging out of Louise
and little one Darcy so I catch you then
