tastes like oh good morning guys how you
doing oh but get run over by somebody
today was hard getting up as you saw
last night didn't end up glad to bed
until about 10 minutes to 6 man I'm a
little bit knackered just heading now to
the car because I realized that I left
my braces in the car from yesterday
lunchtime and I meddra wear my braces
like 20 hours a day how you doing you
have an in lovely day I hope you are I'm
feeling super festive
this place just smells festive they just
put you in a good mood please say my
braces are in there otherwise I've lost
them I really don't want to lose them
okay but that's not great news block the
car lost my braces shouldn't really lose
my braces because then obviously my
teeth don't cut straight Oh guys why
have I done this I don't know what we're
getting up to today all I know is the
madyun and over at - Zoey's room Hannah
Jonathan and the kids on their way over
Joe sugg is on his way over and then I
think Marcus might be on his way over as
well and then later on today we're
driving home sorry by the way I've got
my eyes closed because the Sun is like
extreme in front of me and then later on
today Zoe and I are driving back to
Brighton and Tania and GM are going to
come with us and stay tonight and hang
out so it's gonna have some festive
times so then it's a couple of days I
just going to be super super festive a
super super fun I was in fact and I
should let you guys know I was meant to
be on Amsterdam tomorrow it's all booked
all paid for all sorted wait where am I
going
favor down here all sorted and
everything but thank you but but I've
got a ton of work still to do on book
three that I want to get finished I want
to get perfected before Christmas and
everything I want to try and get it all
done I think my last deadline is like
December 14th well I know that I think I
know
oh now knock myself out here I've got
blooming room key so I'm no longer going
to go to Amsterdam is mentoring me poppy
and Shawn but now it's just going to pop
he and Shawn and I'm going to stay back
and get on with writing this book or
finishing up this book instead at all
can he can you walk down the corridor
and take your first go left out of our
door then take the first left again I'm
locked out walk past walk past mocks and
Amy's past German tiniest and you'll see
me hello no I came out though thank you
I came out that way but you just need a
bob thing to get back in to doo doo doo
doo dee Anna Johnny hey I need to
moisturize my face yeah they tell me
yeah Johnny protective Santa's on his
way this place is like a maze he's
probably lost
I never locked our own room Amelia nyeh
currently on a boat aren't we we're on a
ship do want to show them where the bird
is sure them with this this is our
telescope we found a bird yes just over
there what kind of a bird a pin bird
it's a pink bird we know how to be pink
bad
having is gonna play golf whoa can you
see the pink bird the latter pink bird
quickly jump back on the boat before you
sink this is our paddle for the boat
thank you I got my telescope I don't
know what's going on sorry I was a shark
attack quickly meter you're falling in
you're falling in no watch out
hit the shark with the paddle hit the
shot hit the shot quickly hit the shark
with the paddle Sharky there seems to be
a chip missing from my lunch
have you got my jet seems to be some
missing can I see your hands can we just
laugh about the fact neighborhood kids
meals and they've come on plastic plates
you're a kid's breakfast you haven't
gotten it
oh-oh what is that what is that I caught
you okay you wanna carry it can I see
your hands did you take any of my chips
you didn't take any who took it then oh
very
did you take my chips no it was a media
no look um well we'll come back now
alright if you stand up and let me see
your hands you're gonna do that
you got my jet ha ha
we've checked out the room and kind of
wearing like a Justin Bieber jumper
today and just got some snacks got some
little cookies and stuff these gotta
wait am I allowed to film the car yeah
yeah yeah we kind of gave up I out of
Colorado I mean there's been a homeless
guy living in diversity spies know about
that yeah
they literally have a homeless guy who
live does he still get in the guy of
yours hobos make a gate now I'll tell
you everyone now know he has it
so Jimmy Tania's car there's a random
homeless guy used to just get in it just
sitting it not steal anything just
sitting there you might not be homeless
is either a homeless guy or a drug
dealer
I would prefer dealing drugs so I prefer
over cars I quite I guess I call looking
yeah they fine with his car yeah so he
would just sit there and just sell drugs
out the window my car's been my friends
about six times in it but you're gonna
get weirdos like coming up to you if you
part your car inside anyways guys we are
about to leave now we've checked out
we've had such a fun stay to have a good
time and both of these listen coming
back tolerated everyone who tolerate
today oh how jealous Todd no look no ha
they're gonna be like rock solid
Tonya didn't get off her cookies as
we're leaving and she's annoyed about 12
out of 10 I don't feel onion for me did
she do everyone who says they don't want
these cookies is lying to themselves
these two are coming back to ours now
we're gonna drive in convoy means I mean
Zoe's car and these guys in this car
gonna drive back to Brighton hang out
and have festive times yeah and what we
gonna do to your shoulders parently
gonna watch my shoulders
people have whose choice was this oh
your own yeah
she booked it I'm saying we we waxes
promise or anyways let's hit that I'm
like a naked mole rats at this point
Yap are shoulders right I need to do
mine now fight you go do your vlogging I
love an idiot no gyms are done the other
way
I wanted to spray his car with water cuz
I so mature I am we think this movie
tire you and Jim Zoe don't look too much
it's done you're Jeff yeah just realize
I've been filming in a while um we
arrived back home yeah let me nest again
oh yeah but then we left now we've come
out shopping we are at Waitrose my
camera's flash from low battery don't
worry the goes off hey that mom loves my
videos the girls are here as well
they're just been slow as per usual she
look at the Christmas tree as I just
said my camera was running out of charge
instantly it ran out charge we're now
back home and we're watching the YouTube
rewind video that's just come out look
how crazy they went they got a bloomin
boat for air look how big that boat is
just for the video okay right we're
going to watch this now and enjoy it Zoe
and I are both in this video so I'll
leave a link down below go check it out
now go show it some love I'm super
I've never known anybody to be as
obsessed with cheese as Tonya back what
is that what we got here oh jeez oh
Jesus Jesus Christ that's good cheese
mmm I can't bear a can't camembert it so
good I'm so tired I'm falling asleep
sorry I can't believe we've got three
videos to film tonight we are also right
showed them your energy levels can we
say them without 1.73 $3 feyza yeah I
like the long arms jumping up and down
one that you did a second ago yeah Jim -
you're wide yeah I love them is it that
did it Carly finger does oh my just like
that like a hook like a hair sometimes
Jim tries to strengthen my fingers my
idea so apparently I need some more
energy we've ordered so much food
Zoe Zoe Zoe food that has arrived
separately us guys went for I don't even
know chicken chicken I'm so tired of
like forgetting you get garlic I got
Perry Perry and you got Barbic BBQ so we
can all and then Jim and I also got
another main course even I'm so tired
yes well growing lads outfit - cream we
are we've also eating a whole pan in
there eat we've had half of one H yeah
everybody plate
we just finished filming a video for
Zoey's main channel and a video for
Jim's channel like Christmassy ones with
all of us and I'd you know I wasn't in
Jim's life because I was rubbish with
what they were doing it
funnier without me in it we are about to
wax Jim's shoulders
everyone is vlogging it let me see yeah
they don't look bad and wispy you know
you can oh how are you cancel what can I
have a couple eight warming up so isn't
it yeah I'm just being extra extra cool
Joey's gonna go fast I'm gonna get the
first bit was it good good old gone yeah
that's good
go ah that way this way yeah you sure
the hairs growing which way the hair
grows up oh yeah grows upwards okay
right three two one no that's good oh no
oh look can I do one now it's good wait
my camera's not focusing so of thumbs
can wait if you have some sort of order
the boys I'm gonna be left in stop
running reason why do you have that bit
yeah just don't like I'd like if you if
we if I had areas that were missed me
ideal oh that's wrong way they pulled
the wrong way hopefully what go some
hair though
oh wow he's already sore in that area
now you ready call my we going down or
up down yeah yeah three two you know I
knew your gear I knew you're gonna go
into your bellend
oh my good oh let me get this wrong
we're all gonna do one of the same time
where shall I go I might just go for
these cheeky ones here yeah go get an
examiner alright ready
no 301 yeah I went the wrong way
let me stick it out down no hairs came
off shit back one her oh there we go
we finished waxing Jim these guys are
now trying to persuade me to let them
wax my bum
yeah done this before once and it's just
so painful I feel I feel like you can
each have a couple of strips but then is
there any point starting if I'm going to
end up with some like weird shape on
matter you have two strips agency
strip that's your whole bomb yeah sure
okay you each get two strips you get one
of these eat can we have one that's on
my back somebody's get the can yeah but
straight away tightened points more than
two right how we gonna do it doesn't go
son
how am I gonna hold enough of this can I
fill my bump my logic
yeah I'm gonna tell me bum I'm open
uncommon now if you guys open my this is
such a bad idea I don't know how to blog
this I feel like I'm gonna have to go
guys gone straight in straight a long
time yeah wait
I made a thought about this sourness
yeah one dot yeah three oh my god Jim
enjoying this way why did I say that is
available is it palpable the hairs are
that is it really bored no it's not it's
fine you need to get this bitching again
on that's literally on the same spot
John know that my dear God you couldn't
one two three yeah
oh my god this is oh oh my gosh
Ricky shit oh boy that was this that was
the same place three times you know so
my bum toys get enough for one now ready
taste okay like Oh
I'll feel let down is the way I view
doneness
oh my god oh hang in the late chairman
ready
brace yourself okay is that we got we
got going again
why am i this was the worst idea in the
world
Zoey did you do that all wrong I don't
know
not me Oh No oh my god guys they just
stuck it down with the non-sticky side
should I really be letting you guys do
this look at that guy look very happy
one I'll feel it
last one guys just to tidy up yeah after
you guys ruin their yeah okay kind of
time pretty happy with my new I don't
think I care what the rest of it looks
like should I go whatever since let me
sit yeah that's great iron now everyone
see my bum hope you enjoyed it guys look
in here guys so he is fast asleep in our
bedroom if you feel sorry for me getting
my bomb waxed give the video because
thumbs up and I'll catch you tomorrow
good night I went on double date no you
did it to disclose no I can't sit this
close exclusive double date to winter
wonderland right listen
