I went on double date no you did up -
this is cleaner consecutive clues
exclusive I'm on a double date - winter
wonderland right listen we do good
morning guys we are currently on that I
don't even know if you can see me very
well they're lighting in this car
budgetary fast look at it look at me and
I'm going to lean board right here we
are on the way to a Christmas party like
I told you the end of yesterday's vlog
with a ton of our friends I'm not going
to bother naming everybody because I'm
bound to forget someone and they're not
going to feel really really bad how
excited to you from one to gently I mean
this air we're 29 minutes away we've
been driving for like two hours you
excited I'm excited
why your hands are cold
last night I had a really really weird
sleep I fell asleep at 7 p.m. so did
Sully on our bed I then woke up at 1
o'clock in the morning at dinner didn't
go back to sleep till 5:00 in the
morning and then woke up at 10 o'clock
this morning now 9 o'clock this morning
I had a really really weird sleep jetlag
is getting to me yeah I'm going to I'm
going to really struggle this evening
I'm going to be so tired
so you got a slightly better sleep than
me
it is it is feeling super super festive
today we've won so much greenery around
I caught all these trees just like giant
Christmas trees I'm excited to get to
shooting Glen because I feel like it's
going to be Christmasy there I feel like
they're going to have you're good if
those are lights and all stuff like that
it's going to be sick it's the same
place where Zoey took me for my my
birthday when we went to the tree house
we're going back there having a big
party with all our friends and a party
having a big party having a Christmas
party and we're going to be getting out
to little fun activities as well like
segways and stuff like that so hang
tight
enjoy the video and it's have some fun
ah
click where we are tilting Glen to
Duncan and I love it I just love how
quiet it is it's such a lovely day
didn't though it is November the weather
seems to be holding out for us which is
nice
I mean December I mean I don't know what
is wrong with me I'm blaming everything
that I do wrong at the moment on jet lag
we're about to head to reception now go
check into our rooms and then see what
we upped you're just about to louise on
the phone who says apparently we might
be going quadbiking didn't even know
that was a thing
Zoe are you really going to be that guy
are you going to be the guy that messes
up all the paths no sorry
yes maybe it's a court Viking even in
teams before your tea
I really hope I'm not on your team
monetize to your team members if at any
point in time you feel the need to watch
our duty members or you might not be
delivering then you can't talk to me
because they're bullying you we've
arrived we've checked all the stuff in
put on some drum person from coats
borrowed some wellies forgot to bring
some Wiley's and we've all separated
into teams to do all these different
things your team's going down it is and
it's like human table football
there are segways there is clay pigeon
shooting and we are going over first of
all to do quad biking all right the red
ones pizza house get okay and I'm gonna
get four by then the donut how scared
gone Tom yeah Oh Victoria's gone over
there look at go she look boys she's
going for out
we finished the core bike in our team
unfortunately lost by like 20 seconds
and now wait who's going to do guys
wait you sobbing you sure it's three nil
to our team we may have lost lost core
biking but we're not gonna lose this God
and God and yes and yes no ha ha ha
football is over we won 6-2 paranoids
Markus stopping by yeah he's gonna hate
that go ahead and now we're doing some
off-road Segway in guys look at look at
everyone else absolutely smashing it
look how slow I just come lucy's can
overtake her god you've got this come on
even though mattress egg wait I can't
think of anything funny than Louise
playing football right now
look at she doesn't know what's going on
she's the other dangers good as she
celebrated time for the race Lucy's up
first for our team
Angie's up second come on guys we got
this is one all at the moment - team one
team one are up first
Marx and Dom on the end no brush guys
shitty - man yeah oh man just come back
to the room all of the fun has finished
this is crazy look how big this look a
big the bed is Zoe I want to bet this
big in real life the bathrooms sick and
then apparently we haven't upstairs as
well wait why do we have an upstairs
wait we have another bed this floor is
way better this is sick you separate
like peoples entities yeah well I'm
pretty sure we're two separate people
boys another ball from another done in
that walk-in wardrobe
shut up this is sick
this is nearly as big as the treehouse
willfully bigger than the treehouse we
stayed in right we're off to the gym
Zoey's doing her makeup got a lovely
dress on as well
Oh Justin ready now guys I think we're
on time as well
give me five first time in ages oh that
was the worst give me that one first
time in ages that we've been on time
I've been blasting out probably not
Oh six minutes late damn it should we do
the little oot DS yeah who's gonna fast
meal yay you go right you take my camera
then let me show you what I'm wearing
never done this for my channel right oh
my head
I don't know what y'all don't wearing
that's a good start um sure Farah from
Urban Outfitters jeans from Urban
Outfitters I don't know what they are
this thing here tonight no they're nice
and then boots from ASOS I believe a
sauce would you rate that a good solid
ten right you're ten I've got quite
self-conscious in this guy's your babies
your babies are little lumps yes okay I
feel like maybe this is a bit more like
clubbing night out no basically we
haven't seen oh yeah we haven't seen
what anybody else is wearing and so we
have three different dress options one
was more casual one there's more dressy
and one there's more like really cat
like this one and but this one I feels
more Christmassy because it's green and
sparkly yeah I'm just not used to having
like my favorite was this one yeah you
got your legs a little bit out and your
boobies a little bit out in the building
in this room no at the buildings the
whole building should we go - I want
some oh you didn't deal o TD I want some
hairspray
Drakken markers or no me have got any
yeah right we're gonna leave now have
you got spare battery cuz your cameras
flashing I got no it's not
it was fashion huh good one we've lot
markers out of his own room
unlucky oh don't show me get out your
real friends though you have to see the
size of this tree oh whoa bloody how as
long as you oh my god listen Lily as
tall as me it's literally the Hydra get
the bottom pocket is about as wide your
shoulders as well can it look so festive
in my camera huh yeah look at the lights
oh yeah cute oh I'd even get a little
fire out you know I can't do Susie I
know of a handsome man you know what
happened I want to let you guys know
earlier me Marcus
so when it's windy
are you going to talk about are you
going to talk about you see of me Marcus
John and Jim went to the gym
ya know what I'm going to say you didn't
sound our organization helping your
Freddie you only person who invited me
and the reason for that everyone would
like secures these suave guys that's so
sick let it be the June we are we just
went to the room now we're all of it
where we're having dinner he looks
absolutely there's like tons of people
here I literally don't even know half
the people there's so many people back
of a master Cooper
look at this lilyc is the old face I
don't know you and lik is louise is open
to present and she's crying I don't know
why what have you guys done yeah yeah
in quite work out oh you did it just a
nice to feel me no more it's been hard
alright okay but we're doing crackers
Louise has been very anal how they're
done I'm gonna win both watch this the
main course has arrived and looks so
festive Leon's text to me across the
table their family was oom in on his
face look at it look at his little face
let me text you what's going on over
here
and go lovely
but now
Leo's are going to drive large guys boy
that was good
my sex Mark Jackson socks I think of
this loving play with is that you can't
see this Robbie's got no little little
fuzzy helmet on the topic that's cute is
that you want hello guys listen it has
been a long time since logged teachers
been vlogging for like half an hour now
Zoe's eight minutes
let me tell the camera off that I joined
I was a selfie bed Joe is the game read
winning who's upset over this this is a
blows what so much more shitty guys
you're either feel like I've won a
golden ticket or damn Bon Jovi cyclone
you are from photo
I ordered a sandwich they about 45
minutes ago three and it still hasn't
turned up wait turn your camera roll get
rid of that eliminate these should be
filming flow off an hour watch twice
dose of login itself let me move over
what do you live I get is the thumbnail
react or surprise yesterday we ordered I
ordered are my regular savages why it's
none of your sandwiches this is my
service awesome I am
no it's not odd there is I've tried to
cover section about 20 minutes boys on
the iPad finds life under basically I
ordered my we had like a nice to layer I
have no idea where we end up going to
the parties you saw them about it -
Sammy and Jason's working for it's like
a quarter past what's the time Josh okay
today I was so worried because like you
know what when I pack my bags to come to
chicken Glen today oh he's got my shoe
or you got like how annoy Oh
relates how I know I went on double date
no you did it - this is cleaner can't
even close exclusive double date -
winter wonderland right listen we're do
I can't say there's definitely pictures
reviewing recorded I can't go on who
live - girls what you and two girls
no not another boy crazy anyway when it
was my budget idiot wait I got too drunk
yeah I mean - I thought you drunk came
home I woke up hat oh whatever
oh I've been to sleep at 3:00 yeah sorry
gotta 6 hmm why'd you get up a sick
because I Nick Grimshaw morning Oh your
mate Dan you're mad yeah me and Nick
grimmy he's sick isn't it yeah he's
legend yeah let me show us you're sick
and then I had to Pat my back obviously
at 6:00 in the morning
yeah I thought packed decent shoes
didn't I all right so I've got a raucous
dip damn blood or assault either look at
this is that me for money and apps from
school
yeah all right calm down will you - lips
told you wet
dad it was no wait listen zy is where
lemon peel in is your blue oh Jesus
enjoy smells like tree toes with Mike I
swear I beat you at your face that
doesn't smell yeah wash our socks
look do you ever worry so thick it is
something where you someone is I'm
joking yeah a pit road
she's been Ivana BBCi forever now is
really my gr and then I chains I know
you haven't read this account
you usually Netflix it got me not this
times it goes camera I'm watching and
I'm like I wasn't watching that you're
an idiot don't you stingy point yet
flicks is on five Angemon
mr. unit boy yo knees are easier I'll
give this out
Oh where's my bloomin sandwich I'm
bringing them back
boy I've been watching no there's an
icon as well give me some documentary
but wait narcos on my netflix account
you're both gonna mess up yeah there's
subtitles I can't deal with that all
right
seeing a bit ma'am good night guys I
said a bit this I honestly think and
joking guys I have no idea where it is
it's only 500 yards beyond I've got my
key card but does not see my room number
I just tank on top all the ones by the
crown I'll do it
I know on the bottom floor I don't know
this is my garden I've never heard of
that no we're in trouble guys
go to the lobby oh very reception ignore
and charge so I'll text you if I'm lost
right all right then best of luck here
there is you know if you want to know is
lit your spare bed downstairs fine
I bought I'm crazy are you crazy you're
gonna go back to your room crazy yeah
but I have a bath no you're not
5:00 a.m. do not have a bath it's my
morning all right
no you're playing golf with me tomorrow
morning oh yeah I'm gonna go up my
a-hole shut up go to bed go to bed
Stephen morning I'm sorry for
third-wheeling I must flee set your
alarm set your alarm for 10 o'clock or
third with a third we work massively oh
shut out we've got to get a good old
chat way I feel like third meeting
doesn't count when I'm your sister
Alfie's technically third-wheeling our
sibling marie yeah oh shut up yeah you
go sleep downstairs me and Joe are more
tight than me in you out yeah we do
Christmas together we're blood you guys
we're using Christmas together well take
this norwich garden yeah both of us yeah
join a blooming sandwich from up there
when Crispin chips over these were
pockets also this was this big roll hey
good day kangaroo by Celia
in your class thank you turn the lights
off
beware they're like how does it alight
salt I don't know try to figure it out
I'm all duct up in bed I tore into
making done that right I will jump you
can hear in this video good they're not
yeah I'm gonna end up guys it is 5 a.m.
yeah you turned the lights off yeah
that's a good one that's good no turns
of all the electrics it is 5 a.m. you
can't see me anymore oh there we go it's
fire yet burn it out Joe ok I'll catch
you tomorrow thank you so much watching
today if you enjoyed it give it a big ol
thumbs up to let me know you did I'm not
even in focus
yeah there we go I'm afraid you see
later Joe I'll catch you tomorrow Mary
early Christmas even though it's not
nearly early Christmas I'm finally in
focus
have you had a good evening yeah did you
enjoy today yes a 7 been anxious yeah
sorry first super anxious said that she
didn't make the party side of things I
did you made all the dinner you made of
the speech you made all the fun staff
will catch you tomorrow good give their
dear thumbs up you enjoy that give it
one of those good night hey I quote I
care alright the blue end
yeah the blues good yeah
