I caught I care all right the blue end
get it blues good yeah good good good
good good morning good morning hope
you're having a lovely good morning guys
I dream in over left I actually do hope
it is a white Christmas this year
although in the UK when it is a white
Christmas is white for like how long two
days and then it's just slush and ice
and then it just gets really annoying
because you just find it hard to walk
your dog right hard to go anyways on a
positive note we've got so early this
morning it is still dark outside
I come over the last time I did this
haven't we
I guess only everyday you don't even
realize what I'm saying I said we've got
so any this morning it's still dark
outside I don't want you see the clock
behind me guys yes how fun it is hot bus
5:00 in the morning and Zoey and I we're
just barely
oh we're feeling so best if we got
please no I haven't started the blog
until this evening because we've just
been doing chores and stuff all of today
we've had a day of like house jobs and
stuff I've just opened my Christmas
calendar everyone Zoey's vlog but it is
time for me to open my chocolate
Christmas calendar Bay number seven here
we go here we go what am I gonna get got
a red little ball these are actually my
favorite I love lint balls
what are you doing genome of ours you
crazy one I wanted to show you guys
something in today's video that I
actually received and I do owe you it
basically because I received a parcel I
don't know if you remember about oh my
god what you receive
you actually know what part I'm talking
about think about a big box that arrived
just a couple of really big oversized
things inside out oh yeah I received
that basically I received a parcel about
two weeks ago maybe two and a half weeks
ago and I said to you I'm going to use
it I'm going to show you in a couple of
days time but just not in this video and
I forgot hi Dan does it Zoey says it
smells like Christmas trees in there but
I completely forgot to show you and then
I went to Singapore and then now I just
realized that I'm I'm trying to move
that stuff now just realize that I'm
actually the worst youtuber in the world
I'm not showing you so I'm going to try
let me quickly get it all out of this
box they are massive mad and I'm going
to show you all right it is time for me
to show you I don't know how to show you
so II should we show them one each at
the same time which one do you want to
show them you grab which one you want to
show them don't break it that one's a
little bit broke good because I didn't
realize my office radiator was on yeah
look at the other side of there I'm
gonna film you about showing them what
it is oh my gosh I don't have a clue why
I bought these guys I just saw them
online and I was I have to get them a
massive yeah it's a gummy worm like an
actual gummy worm like you're getting a
sweet shot but look how big it is
chains just like a panel but it yeah
Butler this bit here's got like a rib
because I'm so I didn't realize okay no
don't rivet cuz I didn't realize that my
radiated tubers on him over room hmm
and when I bought them is it good yeah
and when I bought them I had to pay for
there to be like ice packs in my post
and packaging so that they didn't melt
oh my god wait you can eat one and that
lady in the Tramp - X phallic come on
Holly why can't I cut I care
alright the blue end get it blues good
yeah okay
you have the penises right so penis end
right you take that there's always
literally just eating it you how can I
take that one home you hold my gum where
you put that one down I got a couple of
more to show you did you say you like
the blue one okay I've got a present for
you in a minute I've got another one for
me let me quickly open it ha can you
smell it no you cannot smell though
oh my gosh I've never smelt anything so
intense it smells like marzipan look at
that that's it gummy bear if you want
not a think look how big it is
guys like that no I don't think she
would think it was filler what's this
slide trying to a bite yeah I bite the
head off
yeah
nah it's hard to ripoff oh my god Carly
have fun she's licking it
don't let her lick it don't let her lick
it out it's nice no it's a sweetie she
got one fat look at her eyes she'll get
bad I can't even chew that this is
insane
the reason behind me buying these was I
bought another one as well let me show
you here and this one is blue and red
hmm and I was gonna do a challenge with
like Marcus or somebody and I was going
to try and see who could eat one the
quickest I mean let's have a dickless
ace now once they arrived I can't even
describe our heavy this is it's like
this heavier than Allah I swear like
listen to it oh well now we're gonna
want to eat that now you I got another
one though then you already got one more
cat knowledge I don't win this one yet
this is that seems like on the back that
it seems like more of a one you could
eat for a challenge like sighs all right
here we go so I don't like the bottles
you know no this one is quite realistic
that one it was actually looks nice
oh man it smells good
anyways guys the most ridiculous
disgusting amount and gummy sweets just
thought I'd show you I actually ordered
because I never did if you want to see a
challenge with them look at it look at
it then let me know in the comments and
we can try and get get a couple of us to
eat some but I don't even think it's
possible no that's too much she wants
one so badly to like be me today guys
listen to my voice look at the time it's
quarter past twelve of midnight
I've been asleep for five hours in bed I
laid down a seven o'clock just see how
the daily book was brewing and to
replied some comments and stuff just
woken up after a five-hour now and it's
only midnight that's like nearly a
bloomin full night's sleep I normally
only get between that six or seven hours
sleep a night it's midnight Nevada had
five hours sleep knowing that I didn't
have dinner or not I haven't had dinner
yet feel like I should I really really
want to eat but am I going to eat and
then it's gonna give you white awake
alright I know I don't want to do don't
even know why I'm walking on this part
the room I feel like I'm still asleep I
was just about to make a drink
guys like that it was happy there okay
boys okay I'll get you some snacks I'm
all tucked up in bed it is half past two
in the morning
I'm just finished eating some pasta oh I
need to come put my braces in completely
forgot to ever braces today that is so
bad although I'm kind of wide awake
you're awake as Rosa
were you asleep halfway laughing up no
is like fast asleep has been sleep for
so long sorry that today's video wasn't
the most Christmasy best video of mine
and tomorrow I'm having a super super
fun day I'm off to a polity all day and
the next day with who's going to be
there literally everybody so like Tania
Jim Marcus no me Joe Casper Louise like
those people not above a ton in everyone
because I know with accident you forget
somewhat out but tons of people will be
there so it's going to be super fun I
know you guys are going to love the
vlogs from the next couple of days I
also need to talk Christmas shopping
really badly but I've lost my wallet
which kind of doesn't help I think um
I'd left either on the plane or in the
airport toilet which isn't great so if
it wasn't the airport toilet no one's
gonna yeah no one's handing that and I
think I know a hundred pounds cash in
there as well if they do y'all take that
Oh guys it happens using my wallet human
race healthy humanity in the human race
um yeah lose my wallet van Christmas
time is not good because I need to buy
presents people anyways what are we
watching Catherine Tate I'll catch you
guys tomorrow give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoy that I love you so much I
see you bright and early tomorrow and
yeah I'll see them cool right I heart
over this oh let me do it to you though
your turn to me
