I can't cope with this oh let me get to
you though your time tomato good morning
guys I'm back home wait what is that
pitter-patter is that my doggy
is that right doggie give me that give
me that you happy that I'm home baby
happy you guys should have seen Nala
when I walked through the door she went
absolutely insane
so I flew back this morning I landed at
about 6 a.m. in the morning I was like
wide awake I got like 11 hours sleep
last night on the plane it was so good
um and then I came back in the car got
home still thought I was just wide awake
cause I'm going to be able to last all
of today I'm going to be a jet lag this
is amazing I feel so Christmas it's nice
and cold again because Singapore was so
hot and then I fell asleep for like
three hours in bed I literally got into
bed to give her a cuddle fell asleep for
three hours and now I'm feeling good you
happy that I'm home
little rock wasn't it like one of those
videos you know when soldiers get home
and their pets see them it was honestly
like one of those she was going crazy
just didn't I'd control yourself did you
thank you thank you for the kisses and
why one of these jumpers these are going
on sale tonight at 5 p.m. which is
yesterday for you there's only a limited
edition number a limited edition number
a limited number for sale so I hope that
they're still so hope that I hope they
haven't all sold let me mute whoever
this is singing that bran golf Max
Factor really good she is really good
her hair looks good that isn't out yeah
oh I thought you did you add wings on
for a second I liked her dress a lot
yeah anyways these are when I'm Sara
last night if you want one I'll put a
link down below I'm home and it's
Christmassy it's so much more festive
than Singapore look at all of this
wasn't folliage up there we got some
bloomin oranges what
that oranges and cinnamon and something
uh what is it you tell me you sniff out
and tell me what it is
Oh daddy it's really nice and
Christmassy is it Christmassy Nala
come on you can jump down good girl
are you happy that I'm home me yes was I
speaking to keep speaking to me I just
not not my second oh that's so nice
this is what I come home at the end of
my illness you still ill I'm not ill at
all anymore me you got like a bit of it
and then it went I think I got
incredibly lucky no now I've introduced
it to those things up there I just said
what is it
she's slipping them what actually is
that so orange and you meant to put it
on the radiator you don't have to but I
like to do it because it may not smash
it up smell around the room smell
amazing we're dressed all festive and
Christmassy we've got the jump Rob
we've got pyjama bottoms on there Zoey
bought me the other day that Christmassy
Zoey's got jumper on so he's got
Christmassy bottoms on you haven't got
any Christmassy socks I feel like my
socks are quite Christmassy Oh feel my
feet your fear always freezing it's
weird being home guys
none of what he is sitting Luca Nala
leave them alone get down here okay you
eat that then Nala you're not allowed to
eat that Nala no you know it's not -
look at your little face look at their
look at it oh my gosh I haven't shown my
vlog this have you shown your vlog this
sorry what this bitch friend over here
No
so I believe we've still got it in my
office somewhere my office is incredibly
messy because as you know I'm moving
from that office into my office in town
still moving stuff so ages ago there was
a view I can't do you know her name this
right on the back no I can't remember
her Twitter name
throw to your media Oh fine somewhere on
Twitter basically a girl came to a girl
came to a meet-up which meetup was that
that she came to was it a leti I think
it was unfair specially one of you guys
came to amethyst and gave Zoe and I a
picture frame that said likes Alfie
Alfie Zoe zoella points blog Nala
Southie like loads of stuff to do with
us basically in a picture frame we she
took a picture of herself with it she
gave it to us and then she tweeted me
one day randomly said if you still got
my pitch frame loss of course I don't
throw stuff like that way so we tweeted
her a picture of me and Zoe with the
picture frame then wait how did you get
this in your peer box no how did you get
that in one of your Simon's and then one
of Zoe's one of Zoe's book signings that
girl obviously when and gave Zoe this so
that there is her and I'm guessing a
friend or sister or something holding it
then a picture of me and Zoe holding it
and now a picture of a picture of us
holding it so we've got a photo of us
holding the piece of art and of the
girls holding the piece of art and I've
actually still got the piece of art
crazy after Liam with them now no you
haven't but I can't tweet it now or use
it already you know put it on Facebook
Missy caught you out
get down don't look like you're crying
stop pretending the upset Nullah stop
pretending you're upset with Daddy look
at look at she literally couldn't look
any more cute boy stop that ye little
messy one it is time for something
really really look at my egg head I've
got bloomin hair band in this is the
first time in like six months that I've
worn a hair band but it's purely because
the Hat I was wearing earlier I realise
that it's got massive stain
which is nice I might put it back on
though just my head doesn't look so egg
ish as it does right now let me try and
put it on boss let's see that stain
there let me pick up here all right
there we go that is a bit better we have
got something very very very exciting
happening right now guys so basically
all my mattress just gone live and for
sale my two daily vlogs have just gone
live Zoe's daily vloggers just gonna
live do you know what it's time for
knowledge like was it for me and take my
strong hand you get to stand up what
fall over jump up come on you're not
filming this on your vlog
no I'm filming that are the calendar
laughs trying to join and instead I push
you down but you have to trust me let's
do that full thing right let me put that
here yeah
trust me you're gonna break my nose wait
how can I do this what's a better angle
to film from the side so I'm gonna fall
I think like that let's take the hair
wasted I don't have it in that far are
you joking
what do you mean you can't fall from
that far up in a straight line
tae-yong is in the way of my hair you
can see arms down at my side hey why did
you trust me homestead keep in there you
have to go there knees no no this know
not only wife beating away no yeah you
God there's me right John for mommy
you can't do expose she might need no no
no I won't be blowing my tongue get to
lay down down down down down okay I
can't cope with this oh let me do it to
you though your time tomato can you even
hold your weight though what do you know
I don't see ya I'm gonna kneel it's just
wrong
I'm really far away from you I have to
sit up here who are you doing that
doesn't what about not as funny to me oh
I didn't like that Wow
all right let's go you ready
yeah let's go guys a couple of coming
for me right we're gonna go no you're
not that off where the calendars over
here or the chocolate ones yeah I moved
them because you've got foliage in the
window now foliage I'm very close to the
sea ha ha no they're yours is up there
okay I basically guys cuz I've been away
I've only been one of them have a nice
day one I've opened day one
so have you open those of yours I've
still got some today wait which one's
mine this one yeah that one's yours
this one yeah oh yeah I gave my one to
my mom and dad didn't have one so I gave
mine to theirs today I got but it gave
my dad so I'm at breath now for ya
rustling faster with this thing going on
that sounds pretty bad
no that's not even a saying the hustle
and bustle but that's but that's not
what you've been doing either yeah
fightin and I've opened day one
lots of people work with me on sticking
it back in to make it look neat
nah not about you're not sleeping in my
comments were
with me so I did open two three there's
two hello me cause yes my little one is
back to my god how keys so Q is the
light didn't even any good in this vlog
yes alright good weird Oh our house is
so dark I know like this too it's cuz
we've got no main light in here we've
only got picture lights everyone all the
head as a picture like oh I can tell you
that that's a picture light oh why does
not turn off not plugged in I don't
think oh I'll can't even see how to do
that three help me find number three oh
here he is
oh another little one oh oh oh oh how
annoyed another up that one might get
out where's for 400 ball I love how
they're all different for I watch that
to date today is sick
five where as number six driving it it
was named man you've got a nice
collection of chocolate now can you put
that back up there set now I've got a
ton of chocolate to eat now 9rg job look
is my chest you can have a small bit
doesn't matter which one is number two
doesn't really matter if you don't eat
them in order it doesn Christmas trees
number two right now on Zoey's blog
because obviously this is for Zoey's rug
not for my and she made well it
shouldn't make it for the vlog yes they
made it for you open them in Zoey's blog
is this he didn't present
can you explain have just eaten chop the
it's Advent but in each envelope there's
a clue so the first was today brings a
present that you can win take a look
behind the baby so we need to do the
second or third the fourth or fifth and
the sick which you can go watch on mine
got little clues you've got fine now
have you heating them yet no I need to
do that now but I really need a way so
don't film your way me go run your way
goodbye have a nice way as you can
probably tell one of the presents
already just gave me from the from the
calendar is an elf onesie look how sick
it is wait can you can you hold it and
show them look how good it looks
I love how it looks so high-waisted it
does doesn't it yeah it's cool and thank
you if you want to sue the other
presents as I said we did on Zoey's vlog
and also two girls came up to me at the
airport they were waiting Heathrow
Airport when I landed this morning with
little elected to Zoey and these two for
Zoey and I to uh put on our Christmas
tree so one of them I'm going to put the
Christmas tree upstairs and then this
one matches our Christmas tree down here
so I'm going to put it on the Christmas
tree now so thank you very much to those
two girls I can't remember your names
I'm going to hang it here okay good that
looks
thank you very much it is a very very
exciting time son that you guys have
been waiting for for probably a week now
since poor went away and I completely
forgot to do it whilst I was away and
that is to pick up in his ocean that is
to pick the winner of the MacBook Air
that I was given away in one of these
days books I need to find that tweet
that I told you guys to retweet it got a
ton of retweet so you guys went crazy
for it here we go 91 thousand retweets
on this tweet ninety one thousand I also
want to point out how many of my friends
from school and college message we going
Alfie you're giving away a laptop I want
one so bad please can you just fix the
competition so that I can win so that I
can have it and I was like guys that's
not happening I cannot do that and
they're like but I really really need
one please and I was like I'm not fixing
this it's going to somebody that watches
my
videos I'm sorry and so I just want to
say again thank you guys so much for the
spawn all the videos that are made or
the tweets that are tweet or the
instagrams that are uploaded on
everything it is thanks to you guys that
I get to do this as my job and I just
want to say thank you thank you thank
you so much and also whoever is the
winner please don't hate on them please
don't go tweeting them or messaging them
said I deserved it more than you bla bla
just be happy for them
they're like the more support these
competitions get then the more likely
I'm going to do another one I don't want
everybody being annoyed that they didn't
win everyone had an equal chance of
winning it was exactly the same for
everybody okay so whenever I announce
the winner in a second please comment
down below congratulating them sending
them some love sending them some support
and just say well done because you
watching this button just a good as a
chance of winning as they were whichever
way I've tried to do it I can only
scroll through the 100 most recent
retweets and that's really not fair
because obviously the other ninety
thousand seven hundred people aren't in
the chance of winning and I don't like
that so I just googled now and found a
website here called the competition
agency obviously this isn't sponsored
dual random Twitter followers retweets
and hashtags instantly so I've tested it
a few times I copied and pasted the link
to the tweet here there I'm going to put
it into here and press pick random
retweet now it's loading all of those
retweet isn't oh it's big someone its
picks and I was quick I thought that was
so quick Hannah Hannon is a big YouTube
fan wait scroll up oh that look like
someone I knew yeah Gaby we know me you
know me Hannah
underscore hkp you have won the laptop
messenger and let that is so excited
yeah
randomly winner hello you might want to
explain to people why you called her
sake of that
oh yeah basically the reason why I got
this stuck in my laptop guys is because
I watched a documentary the other day
and I don't mean to scare you
but apparently it's really really easy
for hackers to hack your laptop and see
through your camera and just watch you
and out on like really power like man is
watching me what if I was getting
changed that boy if I was getting
changed or something oh you're in the
bath so I put piece of sellotape like
yeah so that they can't seem safety
first so this is hot
wait shall I let them know or shall I
just show them in this vlog maybe no you
should let her know she might not watch
the while she will watch the blow I'm
not gonna let I know what everyone in
this video can go and tweet her saying
that she's 100 surprised okay okay I'm
gonna save her Twitter account in my
notes I've saved your Twitter account in
my notes on my laptop so that if she
doesn't somehow see this video and she
doesn't read your guys messages at least
I can message on myself because she
follows me on what was her Twitter again
hannah underscore hkp go send her some
love go let her know that she's one go
say congratulations be lovely to her and
again if you like this competition give
the video a thumbs up and I I might do
some more sounds good it was easy to do
it like that just randomly select
through the retweet also yeah I think it
is for when people do like giveaways and
things it must be let me know if there's
anything else in particular that you'd
like me to give away I'd quite like to
do like a big digital SLR maybe like a
70d the cam there's Owen I used for my
videos on and like a tripod and stuff
like that but yeah congratulations
Hannah always the evening
popping Sean on their way over well I
might as well take this back in my
pocket flashing back I need to charge my
battery poppy and Sean are also on their
way over now we need to get some food I
haven't even had lunch today I had
breakfast on the plane but I haven't
even had lunch it is 6:30 in the evening
I'm so excited that I finally picked a
winner Hannah man I hope you enjoy a
Hannah please put it to some good use
and again let me know message me what
you're doing
we called to know whether you're like
revising with it working we're making
YouTube videos were there or whatever
I've got an amazing idea I'm gonna going
on to the door to poppy and Shawn you're
gonna hide it
let's get her not me cuz she's going to
expect me she's just texting me saying
Alfie can you come and get the door in a
minute so you need to hide just do it
like super simple um just maybe like
there just by the fridge now that's
pretty hidden just have that okay right
we might have to wait a couple of
minutes yeah I'm so annoyed so we're
unzipping it from the bottom I set the
camera perfectly as you saw Zoe did
manage to scare poppy but my blooming
camera ran out of memory because I have
an empty my memory card in ages and
daily vlogging just uses up so much
memory so pop you got away this time
didn't manage to get the scale on camera
but we did scare popped when I tell them
what you just ordered for your dinner
how was it yours was it all yours
I ready leave biggest wagamama takeaway
ever like that is ridiculous
in mummy hiding from you she play hide
and seek you do it now Ricky leading yes
you will right
okay you rub this in honor think of some
way you've got hide first this one over
there all right you got be quick yeah
you ready go she's coming she's coming
folks I got bells in my life she's even
gonna get the toys no she knew she's
obsessed you guys out Bobby's gonna
throw a toy in them I'm gonna hide her
under the blanket
good girl
where's poppy now the West poppy she
doesn't care like what
where's poppy where's poppy gone let's
bow for four arms
it's time to go to bed now guys I think
I'm gonna end the vlog down here because
Oh couldn't you - Dead now I am all
tucked up on the sofa all right I'm all
tucked up on the sofa and got this
little munchkin to have any kind of us
oh oh
there was a bee - anymore we're watching
Narnia underline which in the rules of
Narnia is with old is it called that are
you sure this is like the sit on oh yeah
I don't know we're watching Narnia yeah
I've had a super festive day oh no no no
come back here
Kelly look at all this cuz there's like
a beaver on the TV or something that
she's she thinks is a dog which can't
work out what it is and I might've had a
lovely day Rob I hope it's been super
festive and nice Sunday for you Sam call
it some days now okay come and jump up
on us
lay down down good yeah right yeah like
I said I hope you've had a lovely day
let me know what you've been up to in
the comments not time applied to a load
of you and we can have a chat and stuff
and they really know what else to say
I'm glad to be back in the UK I had a
super nice Simon Singapore's Marcus and
Claire
and all of you guys as well they came
out but it's nice to be back in the cold
and festive Christmasy time in the UK if
you want to got one of these jumpers
I'll leave a link down below to it to
wait and pick one up although I've
already sold more than half of them
where's she going so be quick if you
want mine be super quick there might
only be certain sizes left and yeah you
know nice day
yeah are you glad I'm back I am Ashley
yeah mm-hmm good good and give the video
a thumbs to enjoy that although that's a
thumbs out like give me a thumbs up you
show them like that and I'll catch you
tomorrow
good you'll get after you and over night
oh look it open up o row that all fell
apart in my mouth what is up with that
