open up Oh ro
that all fell apart in my mouth what is
up with that good morning guys
let's open the windows together open the
window open the blinds together I have
got blue neighborhood on the repeat
today because I didn't realize it was
available basically i preorder a pre
ordered it as soon as possible but just
didn't realize that my iphone or
downloaded it and it was available until
this morning I was seeing some toys
tweets and videos nose-up wait is it out
yet so just listen to it for the first
time I've listened to two songs so far
it is amazing let's open the door
let's go bloomin heck is off forgot how
hot it is whoa look at this
good morning Singapore although oh my
gosh you can't even see me
there we go it's not really the morning
it's actually one o'clock lunch time
because I went to bed last night ha plus
5 a.m. and then had a massive massive
line and just woke up from Marcus texted
me 100 times and I slept through them
all and then the only way you could wake
me up was by ringing the hotel phone and
I answered that and he was like finally
you're up how you doing I was like bro
I'm asleep I went to bed at half past
five in the morning but now I've got to
go to his because we're going to go for
lunch together and Claire as well
bloomin air class not as even trying to
use this wasn't I this double
marshmallow double shooter a marshmallow
shotgun and yesterday's vlog maybe I'll
shoot Marcus with that today yeah I've
got to get dressed and ready now because
what was I saying
Claire marks and I gonna go for lunch
and then marks and I gonna go and
attempt to go shopping because in
yesterday's build you know we went to is
a Orchard Street Orchard Road we tried
to do some shopping
well it turns out every single shop was
closed because it was 8:30 a.m. and they
don't open that
so that was good everything was closed
we're going to go again today we've got
nothing to do work like conference wise
at all until four o'clock I believe and
then we fly back tonight at one o'clock
in the morning us will have to get to
the airport probably like 11 11 o'clock
in the evening so we've got most of the
day off which is going to be lovely
hopefully we're going to bump into a ton
of you guys because it is Saturday so
nobody's got school to work or college
or some people haven't got work
obviously but no school and college yeah
that's about it's another lovely day I'm
currently standing outside I'm currently
standing outside in my boxers you can't
even see there we go a little bit left
there hello this is unbelievable
it's crazy that look how high up I am I
need to get ready before Marcus kills me
inside where the hell are you but make
me come for lunch so I'll catch you in a
bit I think we're ready to go got myself
an apple for a late breakfast I have
three letters through my door thank you
very much room service hmm I don't know
I don't know if I've got everything I
feel like very missed place today like
I've just been dumped somewhere where I
don't know who I am got my wallet my
mobile my camera should be all I need it
would kind of over-ordered we didn't
really sushi in the UK so much smaller
than this we basically just got like a
whole salmon so far just believe me I'm
having sushi there's a time
alright that was absolutely crazy just
jumping in a car now how cool was that
nuts in your orchards Road please thank
you so much so you basically went for
sushi gathered some people realize where
we were and then when we came out
there's just like tons of people waiting
which is setup no they came in the
restaurant yeah everyone is sitting down
all different tables and we ordered way
too much food as you saw so we had tons
leftover of like dishes we hadn't even
touched so we gave in the others we've
caught the wait is over well I can we
donate all of this to the other tables
they're all viewers so they only gave
all the food that we didn't eat or touch
and now off to do some shopping exactly
where we went yesterday but hopefully
this time shops it's going to be open so
we can actually shop this thing is weird
what is that I keep on school to my
house imagine that be in your house is
worth too much being seriously that
would actually be a sick house I can
imagine argument in that I would not
miss it
of course I want a house one day and
don't keep me to this because I'm not
speak a little rubbish like that kind of
thing where looks we're on top but it's
all underground no Latino to get out the
window is natural light that would be
bad they can get this natural light
bulbs you can yeah I know you can but
that's not the same thing we've arrived
after was it with the iron
or eon finger might be the Eon shopping
center IOM and there is some crazy
potshots at Tiffany cardiovert three
Wow hello mate
yes
we gotta handle more toys this is
efficiency angel
agree okay monitors the karate Marxist
base is gonna be when he sees it
look at that smile we've been looking
for a Starbucks for honestly like an
hour maybe every single shop is just
pure designer
there's no shops that are like normal
priced shops everything is like slowly
that we see like five Rolex shops and we
haven't even walked our or I I don't
even know all the top brands as you know
earlier on we were walking around
outside and it was just really nice
really really hot you want to see what
the weather's like now in the time it
took us to get Starbucks
literally what the hell that is in say I
can't even describe how much is raining
you can't even see it we made it into a
taxi went back to the hotel got changed
I'm now wearing like jeans and boots and
stuff even though it is still like 30
degrees is raining it's still so hot I'm
cold now
yeah that's what these are or it's only
because we're inside this van which is
like done out showing on the weather
yeah showed that it crazy
there's our security here because we are
on the way to our last thing in
Singapore which is like a talk for
creators so we've got a talk on YouTube
and tips on YouTube and what we do and
why we do what we do to a load of
inspire lights firing ugh
yeah which is an awesome I'm really
really excited because I love talking to
people about future we want to do
YouTube themselves I think it's getting
fun you excited it's wet it just came
it's wherever like we were sat in
Starbucks having a dress
and we walked there outside yeah we're
walking for like two hours outside man
just like for your enlightenment
crazy look at my hair guys it looks
quite nice yeah he's got longer hair
than me it doesn't look as flat as mine
what is he doing guys
everyone screams you're that oh my gosh
oh my gosh
curtains man as the one my cousin used
to rock curtains I used to love it
really yeah I used to think he looks so
cool Easter the curtains I proper like
mmm do you know block yeah I say we just
got our down if one there's 250 people
out there now guys keep your hair like
this odds on god odds are giving your
hair like that one five
no okay three two one two
Oh with you've actually done it yeah no
you were there and then I'm speaks rate
and say guys are not dead to do this
this is Robyn's backstage right
we just finished up our talk it went
super super why there's like 350 of you
that came to and got tickets and
everything so thank you so much hope you
enjoyed that
Marcus is currently having asleep on the
back seat of the bus on the way back but
then we're going to go to the hotel now
with the like the big boat on the top
which is going to be cool
I'm also going to have to sleep we've
got at ten minutes do we get there I try
to athlete - that did fall asleep - Jay
promise you I just fell asleep okay for
like three minutes or something this
guy's up check this out
with 57 floors up
yeah
look at the other side
that all the lights have come on beaming
up into the sky that looks so cool
we're about to do just have a drink I'm
going to head back to the hotel and pack
up all of our stuff is with flying back
a few hours you enjoyed it up here yeah
laughter especially Nana kicked us out
something sure Max's red shorts we have
to leave richer there's a dress code
from eight o'clock just one minute past
8:00
goodbye to that view the current scene
is
I just ended up falling asleep for like
another half an hour I can't help but
just keep on falling asleep we've just
ordered some food
Marx's chicken cost how much before I
show them 20 pounds you ready to see
that big is there we got 20 pounds once
that happened 20 pounds that is
absolutely ridiculous
I've got a delicious-looking pasta then
I've also got some chips
we finished it in dinner and we've just
gone through all of the like 14 bin
liners of gifts and presents and cards
and letters and everything from you guys
we've sorted it all here is all the
letters that I'm taking back this is all
for Zoey and I mark it's got all the
other bag of stuff down there for him
when it was then we've got this is
literally just rubbish like bags from
the get that the gifts were in like you
guys just gave us so many just bags like
this it's just full of bags
five six bin seven bin liners for the
bags not even actually gifts and then we
have had to make a charity pile which is
on the side over there which is
basically things that were too big to
fit in our suitcases that we won't be
able to take home today but we don't
want them going in the bin of course so
we've left them on the side and we've
written to charity in the hotel going to
give the other charity we've looked
every thing here we've opened it look
like it all in the stuff that stuff is
going to go to charity I hope that is
okay with you because that's the best we
can do and then we've got this literally
this like full of candy and sweets and
stuff so what we're going to do marks
and I are going to sit down here on the
sofa and try a couple of them are you
ready whoo it's like a dessert from
dinner
right you pick something up and I'll
pick something up and we choice right
elbows hopefully you guys haven't
poisoned any of this not saying that you
would your lovely people I'm going with
AUP strawberry cake let's do it oh my
god oh I knew they'd go but I knew they
would go everywhere I didn't think that
straight you don't worry we're gonna
clear this all up as well then you are a
that's quite good all right taste it
very light fluffy I like that this one
Oh rip topped anymore look at this
barbecue re dune twisters twisters come
on yo Jenny like knickknacks a big old
boy boy that's good that's that they
like the insects that's really good I
really like that I don't think you
realize how many we have down here this
is absurd thank you guys so much for all
these gifts unbelievable like ridiculous
support thank you
you do not have to do this one we come
amigo is insane oh my God look at that
online that you can you have to eat man
you can do that
it's a crisp but it looks like a chip I
feel you try this that's weird I don't
like that well I like the taste of it
but it's confusing me because it doesn't
taste like it looks chorus whistle candy
and then all the flavorings and
everything's in a language I'm not sure
what that is I don't know let's do it
open up Oh ro that all fell apart in my
mouth what is up with that was that
break this is it hits your mouth I don't
know no if you crunch plastic that's not
edible I didn't even talk close enough
you let you put it on my tongue and it
felt hot that is weird I don't like that
alright let's try this drink out again I
have no idea what it is
ice-cream soda yum yum Wow try that oh
my gosh oh that's like the sugary drink
I've ever had in my life and liver blood
how intense is that version 1 my I feel
like if I drank this I would literally
have to go to the dentist and get our
teeth removed look what somebody gasps a
wicker basket full of treats presents a
lens from the cow trees thank you so
much unbelievable this is insane how do
I even get into it spring back for that
this looks get ferocious I do drop
that's what good here we go I found the
wine guys there we go
every burger this is just gonna be
delicious I can tell are you ready
that's good that's quite the that's
really good yeah that's good
oh go on
great I promise you I didn't do that on
purpose
I promise you I didn't do it on purpose
your ass I actually didn't mean to do
that on purpose
like a rich kid yeah and then he has
nice still like a rich ya know and
they make it do it
that is all of their candy tried look at
that man why what's wrong with looking
like this do you like that new angle
guys we need to tidy up and then I need
to head back to my room and get ready
I'll catch you probably on the way to
the airport realist leader because
riddles being rush Markus has got the
least original jokes in the world my
last time going outside I'm gonna miss
this view so much there is nothing like
this in the UK this is just unbelievable
we've just arrived at the airport dies
this Airport is raising you've got like
a queen carp pond just chill in here
look free massages
is it working yeah oh you go you can do
relax no you go this is toning toning
wait why don't your ankles your feet
tone well it's all about the angle Tony
toned ankles why not
it is time to board the plane one of the
plane involved the plane
you excited monkey but he's snapchatted
always not chatting whilst I'm vlogging
where we just missed it
we were meant to go back through here
that's good we didn't miss top-name
touch you outside
in the end the proper care guys just
about to go to bed
hope you enjoyed the video if we have
even a bigger thumbs up exciting need to
be plug in a pack low darlin Zoe
starting tomorrow and let me know the
collar to camellia comes up I capture
their clue
oh my gosh
look at this view though that is in sane
look at this guy's
