good morning guys and welcome back to
Singapore but let me neck that is a
beautiful view look at the Sun look at
it up there this is just crazy it is
about 8 o'clock in the morning marks now
you're gonna go and catch some breakfast
together now I haven't even had a shower
yet today we're gonna go and get
breakfast maybe hit the gym then come
back and have showers and stuff like
that oh my gosh I've just realized it's
the day of this these these these
Christmas jumpers anyways I'll tell you
more about that later after breakfast I
really need now otherwise I am gonna be
late what am i what am I forgetting
am I forgetting anything also I am wait
where's my room key let me stop leaving
now I have forgot last night last night
I literally fell asleep was editing like
we got back at about half-past eleven
dinner which in the UK was something
absolutely ridiculous like lunchtime for
you guys I stayed awake for like nearly
40 hours or something crazy as I was
saying guy is basically we got back
super late last night we were absolutely
knackered and I started editing the vlog
I've got about halfway through and then
next thing I know I woke up this morning
that was it so the vlog never actually
made it up last night on time and very
sorry that I missed five o'clock it is I
finished uploading it now and Internet
and it's doing its finishing up by
itself in the hotel room so it should be
up any minute whilst we're having
breakfast
girls first time on a Segway Oh how's
your morning going is it good Marcus
woke up at 2 a.m.
was it 2 or 4 4 a.m. and hasn't been
ever to get bad swings because jet lag
jet lag Jack it's pretty damn hot still
guys it's like 8:00 in the morning I
don't understand that whether this is
our guy we just jumped in it you've been
out should I get some breakfast
yeah
how's your morning going man you get
good good call were these buildings our
guys that's cynic thank you so much to
them all right we found this place where
we're going for breakfast it's meant to
be healthy or your glass is full of
steamed up it's so hot here
oh the dish salads homemade bread
healthy goodies there we go Marcus thank
you so much
yeah this looks good it's got camera
Marti as well and some really nice water
look at that little coffee no milk thank
you so much have a lovely day right so
we've just been dropped off a place
called Orchard Street is it apparently
really really good for shopping
so far there's a 7-eleven yeah I think
we go in there and that's like food
stuff this is I did them all visa it's
not opened in 11 or 11 so I think the
food is open but not the shops and then
once we get to the main road with kind
of like Oxford Street kind of thing in
London or the lanes invite and then
that's where all that the shopping
shopping clothes and jewelry and stuff
is right so what shops should we go to
fast
this is a bit to buzz in everything is
really open
even the lifts aren't even on I mean not
the lifts the escalators the room this
is massive though for this is like seven
or eight floors one two three four five
six seven
eight-nine your alarm to wake you up
I haven't been wait 405 hours by there's
nine floors in this supermarket no see
oh my god we don't do I was still asleep
right I have just got out of the shower
guys man this room is wise bright look
at this view I'm sorry that I keep on
showing you air but when solicit blue
it's not that blue in real life like I
said earlier today is so exciting for so
many different reasons by the way I'm
not naked I've got a towel on as well oh
my gosh I don't know what to show you
that if I've got time what to tell you
about with these exciting things that
are happening today we're gonna just
need to I meant - basically I've gone
interview with Marcus at 11 o'clock we
have to meet for the interview a quarter
to 11 it is now exactly 10:45 I've got
zero minutes to get down for the
interview and I'm going like this oh no
guys okay I'm gonna have to tell you
some of the exciting stuff later on give
me a couple of minutes to quickly try to
get ready as quick as I can my hair look
at it it's still wet I mean oh my gosh
okay I'll vlog in a second all right
guys running late as usual
oh my gosh we're meant to Amina Marcus
is written probably about 15 minutes ago
and I've just had a text mum said you're
running so late we're coming to yours so
I believe everybody for the interview is
coming up to my room but my room is a
mess
so I want to go down to them we're sorry
second floor
okay actually I know I need to text mark
the same way I'm coming down to you
because they might be in another lift
coming up or something there I'm in this
lift going down no this is a mess
interview number one we haven't missed
it I'm gonna pop you guys there so just
finish up with our interviews or
everything except all of them for the
day
yes no they definitely we finished up a
load of interviews that weren't super
super well the main guy interviewing had
also interviewed like Tyler and Jenna
Marbles and Bethany and sometime it's
all good but now hanging out with these
two who have been very shy they're like
these get it bill that say whatever you
want just finished up a big lunch with a
ton of people how is that man
it's very very good and then we all said
you never change such good food and
salmon so healthy as well but you are
happy Mark Scott we when people are
talking to Marcus are you a in why Karen
speak for me wash away can you no way
how is your breakfast guys have I shown
you how big Marsh is tub of protein they
bought with him is little bigger than
him case you could have a couple of
scoops in like no top where box let me
see your hair yeah keep it like that for
the meetup guys we're about to go to a
meet-up now we've just finished all like
interviews and everything that I've told
you a couple of times already anyways
super super excited we're about to meet
three hundred of you also somebody who
works like high up with in the hotel
came up your any of randomly and was
like we've seen it your video that you
can't open your door because it's so
high up like you're not allowed to have
your door being able to open however
because we've seen your videos and
everything we're gonna come and unlock
your door for you so later on we're
gonna finally be able to go on my
balcony they're gonna come and unlock my
door for me that's nice of them here we
go
every time you step outside - sorry wall
so we've just arrived at the venue now I
believe there's like 320 people in here
like viewers ah are we going thank you
waking up having his coffee
nice they move through there all of you
guys are through there you excited now
it's our part
Rakeem up my killing it on stage these
guys are crazy
start the vlog now with now we're doing
a meeting great how's it going really
just get with shakeela she's got both of
our books we've got times we've barely
met any people to manage so much tons oh
my gosh Starbucks we are half an hour
through no not half an hour
the can't even speak I'm that tired we
are halfway through our meet and greet
and I can't even describe to you how
tired I am I feel like the most
jet-lagged I've felt so far on this trip
thank you so much the girls worth it
just gave me this bracelet and Marcus a
matching black one oh my gosh I'm so
tired you're all so lovely and friendly
it's just such a shame that I haven't
got more energy because I would love to
be like hey how you doing this chat
about this little bug let's do this but
I'm literally just having to be like hey
how you live in a nice day and just be
like obviously still very happy and as
energetic as I can possibly be but
inside right now I am feared in like an
8 point 3 out of 10 tired and 10 means
I'm asleep I'm so tired I think we've
still got another 200 people to see as
well so if you met me at this
meet-and-greet in Singapore I'm sorry
that I wasn't probably as energetic as
you would have liked
I'm trying my absolute best but you know
what it's like guys when you're tired
you're tired and I can't do anything I
would have a coffee but I'm not allowed
coffee because of my chest
oh my gosh right marks deserving away I
should probably have a little sip of
water and we'll get back out and get me
two new guys how's it going bro
literally worth blood ah
look how many presents we have so far
we're still not even finished
I am vlogging really cool unique
oh yeah that's yeah that's actually
really cool
did you make out I thought I know a
friend who makes this grave that's so
sick
guys I don't if you can see that so on
that side it says brave turn it over and
it says Alfie
Oh Blair doesn't see a marked is crying
because he's jet like hasn't had enough
sleep
so we're meant to run a video tonight
somebody won't do it tomorrow
no we're gonna film it to our guys I'm
gonna film a little sneak peek went up
in yesterday's daily vlog for you but
we're gonna shoot this actually it could
be going up the same day as this or
maybe in a couple of days I don't know
twins when I get time to edit my edit it
on the plane
now it was good productive day we are so
tired right then we're gonna go and
catch some dinner now do we know where
we're going for dinner I could eat some
chicken and rice I actually could I'm so
hungry
thank you guys for being so carve a nice
today if you came out look at my hair it
looks so bad happy boy you happy baby
how you doing look look at my hair
it looks a bit too good this shouldn't
be on the internet don't like that
picture that you uploaded with me
yesterday like on it it's not iconic
it's the worst bitch yeah I want to join
ivy on my bed
Oh guys were about to go out for dinner
we're gonna go to somebody get steak for
you smelling your water tastes strange
thank you
okay we've come into this massive place
like all night largely lyin to come to a
steak place with Morton's
food super excited to have a state to
put a filling meal free lunch here we go
my steaks have arrived absolutely
massive look how big these chips are as
well kind of just fell asleep
and there's another tax advice you guys
are crazy
look counter these are our presents just
from the airport and like the lobby and
then this just got delivered man I love
your hair what you turn go to the toilet
look order this this is just from today
that is presence that we need to go
through like how are we supposed to even
take that yes my laptop is here market
ID you know where that's yours them it's
not my oh I don't know how we're
supposed to take all of that back on the
plane with us we're gonna have to go
through old and keep with the letters
and all the cards and everything all the
food we'll try and eat as much as we can
today and tomorrow before we leave man
you guys just go in and it's absolutely
crazy yeah all right oh you may not get
see the vet sit in a vet just say
goodbye to the gun why do I do this to
myself guys it is quarter to 4:00 in the
morning and I just cannot sleep I don't
know if I made it clear but basically
when I just said goodbye to Marcus it
was like midnight I had fallen asleep in
his bed I said I'd go over and just chat
Tomas who's editing a video I ended up
falling asleep for two hours I think it
was like two hours it was even like one
or two hours now I'm wide awake just
been on the phone to Zoe for like an
hour catching up see what she's been up
to us have been here and now like I said
I'm wide awake
the only positive that I can think about
this is that I'm just closer to UK time
because the UK is ahead of us in the UK
right now is only quarter to eight in
the evening but for me it's quarter to
four over here in Singapore but I fly
back to England tomorrow so I'm guessing
it will just be a little bit easy if I
stay up really late tonight and wake up
a bit late then it would be kind of like
on UK time again so when I land in the
UK will be easier for me I don't know if
I showed you this that I bought the
other day I again I don't know I bought
it just up on you before I show you
don't even know what I had planned to do
with there don't know why I also bought
it to Singapore I just don't know I just
thought it would be fun to use in my
hotel room
I bought a marshmellow shotgun I have no
idea why I bought a marshmellow shotgun
in fact way it's not a single
marshmallow shotgun it is in fact a
double marshmallow shotgun I haven't
even tried it yeah I put a couple of
marshmallows in here earlier but I need
to try it should we try it out together
I mean it's 4:00 in the morning who else
why would anybody not want a fire double
marshmallow shotgun at four in the
morning I just hope it's not like loud
and then I wake up the neighbors or
something there we go okay right I don't
even know if I've got the bullies in
there right ah walked into the Tesco
didn't see a shred of do it oh my gosh
this thing is insane I think I need to
learn how to use that a little bit
better also I got given a present
earlier from one of you guys and we've
got tons but they're all the Marcus's
room I've only got one Edition so I
thought I'd also open it thank you so
much to whoever gave me this yeah let me
sit down and open it with yeah it's only
4:00 in the morning a bit toys at
Christmas christmas came early I feel
like I should have a top one this is a
bit inappropriate vlogging so much with
no top on I'm very sorry
alright let's see what is in here it
feels to me like a
a frame I can't even open it ah that's
so cute
hello thank you for making videos that
make me smile keep doing what you're
doing
from Singapore Twitter at beard mama at
sheitel and Yi I'm sorry if I pronounced
your Twitter handle wrong we love you
guys thank you so much that is so cute I
love that I can tell you about something
that's coming out on Sunday that's
really really exciting that I was going
to tell you this morning and then I
didn't have time so I've already shown
you guys so some of you might already
know but some of you might not work and
unbalanced yeah whilst I show you I'll
put you up there oh you know you're
slightly off I released merchandise like
every month and this month and they will
come before Christmas there's only a few
of them I just ordered like one bulk
loan so once they're sold out they are
sold out forever I'm really really sorry
but as you see they're Christmas related
so you don't even want them off to
Christmas anyway is just as a joke a bit
of fun a nala jumper literally it says
Merry Christmas and then they'll get
little nala I love it so much so I came
up with the design idea and then I got
somebody who's awesome like designing
stuff and I doing the actual animation
and drawing and things like that to put
it onto a jumper and I loved it then we
put it on for you I love it so much so
these will be available on Sunday at 5
p.m. so if you want one you can have to
be quick because there honestly isn't
many available and I they will be with
you before Christmas as well that's the
main thing I want them I want all of you
to be able to have them before Christmas
either you can wear them on Christmas
Day and stuff but wait let me go into
the light
look at this look how cool it is is
oblivion Nala
Christmas jumper as a reindeer I love it
so much what else have I got to show you
in this hotel room random hotel room
video I don't even know why I'm doing
this this video is probably really long
I'm very sorry
I don't know what to do
I feel like I should just go to the gym
and make it worthwhile at least if I'm
awake
I should do something productive like
workout but do or not happen 4:00 a.m.
in the morning is the question probably
not
don't really know what else there is to
do what can I do what can I do should we
see what the view is like right now
because it's really super dark oh my
gosh guys they've done it they've
unlocked the thing on my door
yes now I can open my balcony now
normally you're not allowed to do this
you're not actually allowed to go out oh
my god that is so bloomin scary I don't
know if I like steppin out there look at
my camera is steaming up because it's so
hot outside and it's 4:00 in the morning
I don't like being this high up I don't
even want to step out oh I feel I don't
feel safe this is horrible this let my
camera's steaming oh my gosh look at
this view though that is in sane look at
this guy's
man I feel like I'm gonna fall off I
don't like this this is so scary oh my
gosh like look at this I'm literally
like 56 floors up in the air look at
that drop oh my gosh this makes me feel
a little bit sick okay I've had enough
outside thank you for thank you for
opening the balcony though for me people
who work here is very very kind of you
because I know obviously are not
normally allowed to go out there so
thank you very much I feel like I should
shoot like a time-lapse or something the
view is so amazing I feel like I'm
wasting it not shooting a time-lapse but
I don't really put Drive lapses and
something like that in these videos it's
the gym open at the moment it's open 24
hours uh-huh alright then thank you so
much thanks anyway
bye I don't know if that's a good thing
or a bad thing that it turns out the gym
is open but I have to go through go to
the lobby walk through to the next hotel
then ask my room card to be reset like
my door key then I can get into the gym
then I have to go back through the other
hotel walk back to this hotel get my key
changed and come back in that is way too
much effort just to go to the gym I'm
sorry I'd rather just sit here in order
film service didn't have any room
service at this time of night we guy in
Roman dining service I so should have
ordered food guys it is now 5:00 a.m.
one minute past 5:00 in the morning of
so at the menu there open the reason why
I didn't order food is because I thought
if I order food I'm gonna have to wait
for like half an hour an hour to for it
to arrive in the room then I have to eat
him by the time I got to bed it'll be
like another hour
turns out I've just been watching
YouTube videos for another hour and I'm
still not very tired
don't really know what to do 5:00 a.m.
like should I just not bother sleeping
today because I mean me and Marcus were
going to go to the gym at 7:00 so that's
in two hours I feel like if I sleep I'm
going to be more tired than if I just
don't sleep and just stay away but then
I know that tomorrow is gonna be so hard
like staying awake for a whole nother
day with no sleep that's gonna be crazy
that's gonna be crazy crazy hard right I
might try to be fair I haven't tried to
sleep all the lights are on in my hotel
room I should turn off the lights and
try and get some sleep so let me end the
vlog it is 5:00 a.m. it's super late I
hope you've enjoyed the video I really
hope you have give the video a thumbs up
if you're excited for me to get back to
London and to be doing some more
Christmasy videos with Zoey and I learn
just festive stuff like I'm so excited
that it's December and for it to be
festive and there's so much stuff if
there's anything and particularly when I
still I want to go ice skating I want to
do to my DIY decoration stuff I want to
do some like bacon and Christmas cooking
I want to do some Christmas shopping I
don't know I just want to do everything
Christmasy I will catch you tomorrow
with a new video good night oh my gosh
that lens just isn't big enough that
lens is a bit too small for that plant
perfect Nelda absolutely now do
