good morning guys
I literally haven't slept since I ended
yesterday's vlog for you I know off to
get my second breakfast for today with
Marcus one I had it like two hopper six
in the morning the next eleven now and
it is hot must have been and where he is
we've got to find the mark you got that
somewhere just got out of the shower I'm
taking my hair stuff down to Marcus's
room because I don't actually have a
hair dryer not for it Marcus does but me
Claire I'm introducing to Claire yet me
Claire and Marcus are going to explore
because we don't actually have anything
like meetup why's that we have to do
today I've had breakfast twice if I
haven't already told you and yeah it's
just blooming hot here there's so humid
so Claire works for gleam which is my
management company so she's flown over
she works in LA has flown over here to
York optim-ox and eyewash we're here I I
don't even know if this is no not gonna
work never get back you let me get back
in okay it's going to grow and floor I'm
wearing shorts today because it is so
humid no I don't think it's particularly
sunny I think it's like a little bit
like it's a nice day it's like 30
degrees or something absolutely
ridiculous today I'm like sweating
already in a very just watch our yeah
how hot is it at your rooms quite cold
I'm gonna sort my mop head out yeah same
so I just ended up going for this yeah
I've got one of those my bag as well
we're just in a new bag on the way out
now to go and explore me where we had in
my cage how'd you look at that
thank you learn some karate Lane which
is apparently kind of like bright and
like the lame side the little arty all
my gosh it's so Wow
it is I can't even describe the eat guys
is anyone else already sweating look how
cold of these buildings are guys it
really is like Brighton this looks like
quite welcome on this in Brighton
Marcus get these ones try these runs on
they're gonna look good and rapidly on
there yeah they're the ones these could
be one wall man they're shiny
thank you some reason don't know why
marks a klepto a big good idea for us to
walk to the wheel that was like a 20
minute war
and that plane doesn't it
so we're walking over there it's kind of
like London I think
I mean I don't love this the right way
where's your boat oh yeah it's all
kicking off
we've got Duck Tours saw Serena pregnant
believe you made like great but it is
now raining but also the sky looks
really nice eight years later we finally
made it
we're by underneath and
Vega in the land
thank you so much oh thank you
there's only three people in that one
hey we're gonna get our own pod that
would be awesome
fill up in a rainforest I'm gonna go
sleep off now on here we go and jump out
odds on jumping out yeah to shave a slit
in my eyebrow and that's gonna tell us
six months to go back so I'm not doing
that so instead he's gonna do what what
oh goody started one two four yay
three two one two oh no no it dies
figure this size of Claire's map
oh my gosh guys listen to the song that
is on Troy you're in Singapore buddy yet
buddy so crazy man so crazy thank you so
much man thank you
I don't actually know the name of the
place where we've come to you know the
name of it it's Marina Bay God oh there
we go
Gardens by the bay and it's basically
these it's two of these like massive
indoor one of them is like flowers and
stuff hi Darren
and then the other one thank you so
basically one of these is full of
flowers and then the other one is full
of like tropical no not tropical like
desert plants and stuff like that
I think it's gonna be cool
thank you come on you go fast oh oh my
gosh it's so nice and cold yeah you
might all guide well that's a big old
cacti like Zoey and I like cacti and
what's the other one succulents but I
mean we don't quite have any any as big
as them ones so we need to get some
cacti like this does look at this woman
posing on that photo shoot dango yes go
on get the hands out go on what's up
guys yes got it
yes film that plan yes don't get it get
it yes go on you getting that picture as
well oh my gosh that lens just isn't big
enough that lenses a bit too small for
that plant
love it nailed it absolutely nailed it
Claire seems happy look at her face look
at the size of that waterfall that's
crazy
come on flabbergasted
there we go ma'am if you're watching
this blog and I you like your gardening
there's tons of different plants
different flowers marx's get us a
picture of them this is Miss messages
from my mom oh yes go on get that shot
go on
yeah how's it looking
good Dave that really power this pond is
so pretty look at her
what bit this bit Marcos nature gone
stand on there let's jump
what stand next to each other and
Charlie you just so scared like that
will God do your attempt of running
along the edge go on yes you got this
because you can see the app to ground
going just go for a little sprint go go
go go
no holding on in the last clip guys I
was in the middle of that plant flower
place I am now back in my hotel room and
I've got changed in everything so
basically let me do some explaining boss
my gosh boxes room we had to rush back
from there because we've got some drinks
tonight we've liked the event that we
flown over for so we just all bus back
got changed had showers and stuff like
that Marx and I went and bought went a
little bit of shopping first just for
like 10 minutes we sneaked off to her to
a more like a shopping center and though
around the corner from the hotel and now
we are off for the drinks I'm also
running ten minutes late as usual marks
have wanted some new glasses for so long
though the ones these are these are my
ones just having some pictures oh but
then we'll be really quiet again
monument of this guy's kick it off to
burn crazy we're having dinner out at
the moment we got party going on
so I've just got home and into bed I
didn't feel much of me a Marcus and
everyone having dinner because we went
out with a ton of like business people
so I didn't really want to get my camera
vlog but now back in bed and I'm on face
time with this little sleepy one it was
like a picture no no no no who is it is
it daddy I should let her sleep
