Nullah has just done the worst fart ever
smell I have ever smelled not even just
from a dog from a human from anything
hello how you doing are you good
I've just come out of the dentist look
at this shirt that I'm wearing let me
know what have you gotten out of me and
today I've been super super successful I
went to the gym this morning at 8
o'clock and had a lot of fun really
really good gym session then I went for
breakfast with my sister but because I
didn't take this camera to the gym I
couldn't show you guys the breakfast and
everything we went to this amazing place
but I couldn't show you because I didn't
have my camera with me I've noted been
to the dentist got four sets of new
braces in the bag so that's another
eight weeks done and now hopefully I'm
gonna go meet papi and then we're gonna
go to a place called wilderness woods
which is basically where you can get
Christmas trees I used to always go
there when I was younger and like chop
down our own family tree and pick it
from a massive get out the way of my
camera shot pick it from like a massive
field I suppose of Christmas trees I
don't even know where I'm walking where
am I even going but so we're gonna go
and try and do that that's the aim for
today to get our Christmas tree take it
home somehow on top of the car we need
to figure out also how to strap it down
onto the top of the car I have no idea
hello now get you got a big old coat on
have you are you ready are you ready to
go outside get a Christmas tree are you
ready to get Chris what are you doing
are you oh so much excited I kind of
realized about one second ago that my
flies are undone like quite badly not
just one button two buttons I'm done and
I was laying on the dentist's chair in
my dentist having my teeth checked with
my flies and down like laying down it
could have been hanging out it could
have been hanging out I've got boxers on
luckily step one of getting a Christmas
tree is buying row
or harnesses or some sort of thing to
keep the Christmas tree on the roof
whilst we're driving I'm currently in a
home base I have no idea where they're
going to keep this kind of thing
but if anywhere else got it got it
thanks so much for the help right
heavy-duty rope we've got another rope
over there I feel like this should be
good
Nala has just done the worst part I have
ever smelt not even just from a dog from
a human from anything we've all just
opened the doors and like none of you
stinking thank you find in the car we've
also just realized that the place where
we wanted to get the Christmas tree
wilderness woods closes it's 45 minutes
away it closes an hour and a half so
we're going to only have 45 minutes when
we get there
it's got like a lovely little cafe to
get hot chocolate and everything with
with hot chocolate in and it probably
isn't going to work out today it's so
late already
I've bought with the rope and everything
so we think what's the vote just the
dilemma is that if we don't go today and
I go tomorrow it's going to take up the
whole day but like going and buying the
tree and then like doing it all up and
doing the decorating but I've also got a
flight tomorrow night to kind of thing I
like 5:00 a.m. I have to leave to go to
the airport with Marcus to go to
Singapore on Wednesday morning
unless I go back now and I work all of
tonight I think it's gonna be hot in
Singapore you know one down by Australia
oh yeah poor weather I think yo sorry
about Oh Thunder raining 32 33 degrees
that's hot all you need your shorts and
thunder and lightning and like a rain
thunder and lightning and rain but also
32 degrees
shut up right I don't then we're gonna
get the tree today our way we're gonna
do it tomorrow but I have to work on my
book all of tonight
should we head back then what we do in
go yes we went and bought some rope
moods gone home then I feel like we
should oh my god should we go and get
some lunch we can take the dog we've got
normal you know just take it back to
Pop's here puppies and then we'll go
back okay plan made right then let's eat
this now knows we ordered so much food
code and bring it back nothing to bring
it back
so just got to mom and dad's watch this
oh dude yeah scary me just scoots on his
bubble on the carpet grabs into a bus
pass give me this give me that story
give me it give me it
l oh boy alone and low hello big boy
knee right sleepyhead
you tie it now yeah yes thank you like
an old man hey I feel as though he's
gonna try and jump scare me because
she's not answer
Zoey the TV's on upstairs no that no hey
baby
well if Lily's hot dog she's not in her
bed Zoey
hello oh I'm sorry I thought you were
trying to prank me I'm sorry my hair is
an absolutely mess when wearing a hat
all day it is about four hours since I
last filmed anything on this camera I
have been in bed writing my book for
four hours it is going incredibly well
so I'm super super happy Marley was
currently outside just going to the
toilet
zoe is fast asleep because it's like
2:00 a.m. I also agree drew sorry come
on back inside also a group of Zoe that
we would get up a 7 o clock in the
morning tomorrow which I don't know is
thinking about it now if that was the
smartest idea because I'm gonna be
blooming tired after going to bed it
like a hard pass to whatever time I'm
gonna end up falling asleep but we've
got two exciting things happened to my
number one I've got a new vlogging
camera a new version of this camera that
I'm filming them now comes out tomorrow
and I've got it arriving at the house
before 9 a.m. so I might even be able to
blog on it tomorrow that'll be exciting
and then I'm excited thing number 2
happening is Zoe and I as you know
because it failed today oh three
exciting things we also get to open the
up and calendar and I've got my special
one on the wall tomorrow I get through
my special happen calendar on the wall
that's for a minute exciting exciting
number three is that we are getting our
Christmas tree as you guys know because
we failed getting it today so we're
gonna go tomorrow
I've got doctor's appointment just to
get some more medication for my chest at
half-past ten and then straight after
that we are going into wilderness woods
to go get our Christmas tree which I'm
so excited about I'm so excited sorry
I'm like looking around the place bit
booking trying to turn off all the
lights and everything that is exciting
please remind me guys that I have to
pack more oh as well because I know what
I like coming in Allah come on upstairs
I know I'm gonna forget and I'm gonna
Singapore by the time you're watching
this no I won't be on the plane yet that
would be the next day the day after
you're watching this like in the morning
no no come on coming in upstairs to bed
I'm flying the Singapore and the flight
takes 17
and a half hours is apparently the
longest fight you can get in the world
without stopping for more fuel but the
longest direct flight I'm going to head
to Steve now guys because if I don't get
any sleep soon I'm going to be like a
zombie tomorrow and I definitely don't
want to be grumpy on the first little
December I hope you're having a lovely
day
if you having a lovely morning I hope
it's lovely that it makes sense if it's
the morning time where you are are we
having a lovely morning it's the evening
time I hope you having a lovely evening
meet today productive make it a good one
make it special it is the first of
December so for you watching this so
Merry Christmas Happy Christmas time
married December whatever you say I'm
having a lovely day give the video a big
bow Wow big thumbs up if you enjoyed it
marlis licking a bum in case your
underwear is it now let's stop that I'm
filming that's not very nice
I'll catch you tomorrow he suffers I
half the size of my
