oh don't is it little fun no wow oh you
denied because my thumb can let yeah
okay
so he summers i half the size of mine
good morning guys
oh my my head me mum it should be Zoey
poppy work come on II out looking at
open houses
yeah I'm still feeling out of Al but I
wanted to get up the house we're
currently in someone's garden shed and
we don't know what we've never been
before
I'll explain one open houses later oh is
it not for sale
look how cool this is
oh I keep on hitting my head this just
looks so good
ah look what's going on over here
sorry what have you done
what are you done hey girl so when we
were in that little head or whatever
they have a cat in the house so he
decided to run in it in his poo I'm
gonna say to the curb oh right let's go
to the X open house
I have no I look so like smart puffy and
everything I've got jump on underneath
this my head looks I have no idea how
I'm sorry it's so big
Zoe just beat me in a thumb war and I
have no idea how so we're gonna play
again you ready I'm gonna try and put
this cover oh wait wait wait
one two three four I declare a thumb war
Wow oh you got now because my thumb can
let yeah okay Zoe sometimes I half the
size of mine
let's compare thumbs studio and how is
one two three four I think that right
let's just go you got make something up
five six seven five six seven eight
now your mum is fishing babe oh I blame
it on more poorly videos because I'm
will than you it is that's why cuz I'm a
one through oh I'm gonna sleep normal
identified explain to you guys what a
open outside ears basically wait mama
open up what are you just throwing up
he's dead open houses and just brighten
thing oh no I it's a basically artists
invited home as well
artist somewhere I'm sure they do
another countries as well and open up
the houses and invite other artists in
to sell stuff so basically you walk into
a stranger's house they're all like
official like they have all of these
economies just open the front door and
straight and you don't know what the
house can look like you don't know what
they're selling you don't know who's
gonna be in there it feels weird if it
you should knock on the door and wait
for them to let you in but you don't you
just open up and they have like a sign
outside the house that they're like an
official open house and you basically go
in and you have a look at all the art
that's for sale
I just bought a couple of rings actually
and they're in my pocket in little tin
so I can't I can't show you now I just
bought two rings which every night note
we
and the things like this basically
they're really really cool and the
majority forum a if you if you live in
brighton and hove
go to the main that's awesome what
you're tweeting pop cheese / can't wait
for you to see tonight's post 5 p.m. we
got big up 5 BW dot poppy days calm oh
that's a good tree
calm yeah don't come here right I'm just
jumping out to go get some tissue my
nose is all snotty perineum getting told
to go to a different shop I only lose
that one that's like a really not are
something by that was like a nice
healthy shot and we're home oh it's so
nice of war did I show you guys this
smoked thing that we put on now the
front doors like all smoked I am feeling
so bummed up and just weak you know what
everything just hurts in your body like
if someone was to poke me it would hurt
that is exactly how I feel today I'm
also about to edit no not in it already
done that last night stand up to a high
post to edit in last night I'm about to
upload the daily vlog and the main
channel video for tonight so if you
haven't seen them I did a new main
channel video yesterday which was guess
the youtuber with Anna and Jonathan
Ciccone Jolie it was super super funny
I'll leave a link down below and also
murderbreath
shouldn't be out breath haven't done
anything I'm just this illness is
killing me man and then also I'm about
to upload which will went up also
yesterday for you the giveaway of the
laptop I bought a brand new laptop from
the Apple Store yesterday and I decided
to give it away to one of you guys as a
Christmas present and I thank you for
all the support you've given me forever
you guys are just so supportive and I
wanted to say thank you so I'll leave a
link down below to that video as well
where you can check that out and see how
you can be in the chance to win that
Zoey and I just watching the
x-factor from yesterday and I've got 12
minutes until my two new videos go out
I'll let you wanna tell everyone what
we're up to you tell them what we're up
to
not me tell them look at the camera look
at the camera tell them what we're up to
yeah we're currently just laying in bed
together
reading through all of your comments on
the two new videos that are just gone
live so thank you so much for the lovely
feedback blow one of my favorite things
to do is just sit down and take half an
hour 15 minutes an hour whatever it is
out of my day and just read through all
of the messages you guys send me because
that has always just been one of the
things that I have loved doing is just
reading your feedback on the stuff that
I create and just like last night I
spent half an hour going through all of
my group chats on Twitter I have a
merchandise Twitter account called @pb
merch and I spent like maybe even more
than half an hour last night just going
through all of the group chats that you
guys have in like the DMS and just
messaging all of you one by one just
seeing how you are what you up to have a
little chat of you talking I was talking
to some people about like musicals and
what and there was one there was one
girl come her name carving her name
it wasn't Isabella that was somebody
else it was somebody that I speaking to
one of you guys last night and he was in
three school musicals and I've been in
three school musical as well and and
then there's somebody else who was um
doing a school show at the moment she
had done two but she had got she's got
like eight left or something so we
talked about how exciting that
rehearsals are and doing the final shows
and just seeing what you up to just
talent you some of you said that I
looked like a beaver last night don't
really don't think I look like a beaver
have all the animals that I could
possibly look like I don't think I look
like a beaver too much but anyways the
point is I just wanted to let you know
that I do read all your comments well
not all of them I try and read as many
as I possibly can
especially when videos go up like when I
first put daily vlogs live or main
channel videos or gaming videos and
stuff like that I always
and a reasonable amount that I'm like
half an hour an hour just reading all
your comments reading them all just
because I don't reply to something
doesn't mean that I don't see it I just
don't make that super super clear
because I get so many tweets a day that
I read and I read so many of them but I
don't reply to all of them because I
don't want to like clog up everybody's
feed with replies and stuff but I just
wanted to let you know being honest I do
read an incredible amount of your
messages and I just love it in time by
every day to do that and last night I
love to chat to you guys in group chats
and stuff like that you have the
separate little names like Zoey's
Christmas bells I don't know in like the
chumpies and the so glitz and all the
other ones that obviously we're chatting
about this the other night in a vlog
Zoey and I were in bed like a couple of
weeks ago but there are some crazy new
funny ones let me actually read some of
them out because I know that you guys
like you guys like when I do that let's
have a look
we've got Zoey's lush fairies the last
message from Zoey's lush fairies was one
second ago then we've got jungle Jordi
no jungle Georgie four seconds ago
zhonya's fairy lights the sh mouths the
sublet squad I know that one and
pointless plop plop s-- little sir glitz
moon squad Zoe's reindeers Zaffis
candles Pug Patrol Zoe's lucky charms
Zoe sag stands 26 Zoe's Christmas what
the alfalfa's Alfie's avocados I've got
a group drag good Alfie's Oh
Alfie's our God as you guys read me
laughs right I'm gonna carry on reply it
and read and some some some some some
some comments and I'll catch you to bed
so Shona pop you've just arrived and Zoe
I've got a ton of B work to be doing
tonight before I go away to Singapore on
Wednesday all stuff to do with the new
book coming out in quite in a few months
but a lot a lot of writing at the moment
I stayed up so late last night
writing as well but these guys come over
to do some Christmas baking what your
baking or nice out there
bake it fake it man case I don't it with
baking pan carrots well though I'm up
for pancakes bacon a Christmas by where
is that good men everyone where is it
you eat it now oh you've already put it
in yeah can I open it or is it one of
the ones where you can't open up yet oh
you can't even see it
it's watch beautiful cut delicious this
looks is so satisfying just watching it
mixing so long yeah definitely do that
one because I mean Zoe's definitely not
baking whilst I'm kind of just making
Smiley's all right let me see these
cakes here it is yep
damn that looks so good it's cute that
does that look so some of you buy like a
little wide rice a little not little
little little little no it looks like
something you buy in a little like
history patisserie that's the word boys
it what's this rogue bit of hair do n
get out of there
patisserie that's what it looks like
that's so cute I love that oh yeah
alright you guys are not eating it OSP
gets away get away
good I'm eating this is wrong how good
is that right slave in this cave alright
I don't remember the last time I've
logged but I think I showed you the
good-looking cake the other cake work
incredibly wrong I did poster did I did
I just posted the funniest snapchat
bobbi and either Kate went incredibly
wrong and as you saw it was all falling
apart so Zoey freestyle debt
and it actually looks really good
there's like a little tower now look at
both of them
so Zoe melted or the chocolate put them
in a piping bag and then like you should
go on the bridge fake off or something
I'd be so good
go on god challenge poppin challenge
Bobby go go go
oh wait they're not even have to do it
by 5 do it with both hands have you put
on Kane nobody's in here boy
why are you ain't the phone out bathroom
wall let's go just show you guys I'm a
kid you know something I don't I feel T
it's really hot like can we actually eat
like a good sized piece
I am so really what size is one actually
this one I had a sneak peek over the
side and it was delicious
happy birthday to you or no that
smokiness vegetarian I recall do it
around the way I oh man that looks good
Oh Sharon is Sean they were ready to oh
ah oh we do penny short we German oh no
oh uh and for the big grand finale
that's an interesting way to cut it oh
oh let me over that is the biggest slice
I've ever seen this is not right for a
wait let me quickly grab a play I'm come
in come in there we go on Santa on here
on here
on here I can share it let's all shout
out one yeah go Shelby
that's very nice
let's go Christ quick quick quick is it
gonna get you it is like 1 o'clock in
the morning I'm holding on my laptop to
my face if you can see me a little bit I
am all tucked up into bed and it is
timed in the vlog I've got to be at the
gym in seven hours I've just been
working on the third book so much
tonight is really really coming together
and I'm so happy of hours how it's
turning out you know anyways I'm going
to end it all quickly because as Zoe is
fast asleep next to me and I need to get
some sleep I hope you enjoyed the two
videos the one up yesterday links to
both of them will be down below tomorrow
we're going to go and buy our Christmas
tree so it's going to be such a festive
selfie video so I hope you're excited
give the video a thumbs up if you're
excited for vlogmas as well because Zoe
is also doing promise you're going to
get two selfie videos every single day
plus Zoe has also uploaded in a main
channel video every single day up until
Christmas literally crazy so you're
excited for that and I'll catch you
tomorrow good night
so hear hear there's gone brand new is a
map but
