just before this rod begins I just
wanted to say a massive thank you to the
divided tourism board like this is not
sponsored but they hooked up so much
sick stuff for us to do whilst we're
here in Dubai so I owe them a lot thank
you so much guys for booking so many
amazing things some you will see today
in this vlog some we see in tomorrow's
vlogs I'm gonna see you something
something Samuel see in the next vlog
but I just want to say thank you so much
to divide tourism board you've done an
amazing job he's done an amazing job I
enjoy the video cheers bro Maine is and
in any second now
coming in Jay's got the sunglasses on
how high do you from a scale of 1 to 10
how to ideal I don't feel like we're
gonna go in there chairs are two coffees
how'd you hold it
how died he does it girls haven't slept
at all
Jessie says she's closed her eyes but
she didn't sleep I slept for like five
hours the good thing is they're
wonderful my song girls therefore
they've got a little tag on that okay so
whatever turned them but now I have
nothing to cut this tag off with thanks
so much thank you
now I've nothing to cut this tag off
with and I've got this some of them and
some glasses
this is for every time you made fun of
me behind sunglasses you can already
feel how much warmer the temperature is
even in the airport a
what is that that's so cold
perfect good morning guys give my leg
Heder and feel like a proper I haven't
properly said hello it is day one
we're in Dubai as you've seen it's me
Jesse Holly and che closet unit lost
yeah thanks man we just got to our hotel
room we're staying at the Four Seasons
which I've never said it before chased
804 when did you step four seasons and
you said it was the best hotel you've
ever been to the pressure guys the
pressure weight currently in like a
holding room because our rooms not ready
because it's so early we landed in like
8:45 problem isn't ready yet but boy
they're building another island over
there that's just a boy isn't it
literally look at them moving with the
sound of that building and Island check
that view out you know the other day
literally this week when I was in Lisbon
and I'll send the viewer Savage
that's the savage view also check this
bathroom out remember this isn't our
actual room so I don't want to use any
products from SME oh it says Alfie deyes
in here in the mirror nice nice nice
everything is just so extravagant in
debauch boy your walk-in wardrobe sorry
what what I have a bite just eat that
top better here's my breakfast boy at
the top of the Burj Khalifa just at a
shower all freshened up and ready to go
item number one for today is jet skiing
and we're meant to leave seven minutes
ago bro we need to get going we need to
get downstairs we're going jet skiing
guys alright where's the room Kate you
are that I accidentally left my data
turned on since we've landed and I just
got text now saying congratulation if
you spent 21 pounds so far haven't even
been on my phone
obviously I've just turned off my data
right we're going down to me meet the
others to go jet skiing yeah oh this is
sick we just meeting our driver now to
take us off jet skiing
I've just got tickets all of the other
things we're doing oh that's all the
day's bit chilly oh it's a little bit
hot just got the showers around my head
still soaking wet just your wife now I
thought my GoPro with me so I'm going to
switch over to this camera I wasn't need
to get changed as well
thank you just finish up jet-skier now
we're straight off to go to the cove
beach for lunch
beyond excited speeches
got my favorite drink Moscow meal okay
with the quinoa salad oh yes
get the calamari out thank you so much
ma'am chairs gone honey you got that so
I want you to go down there go go go go
go
you really cook if you're gonna pull and
pull in this way so I can go and watch
and see reaction are you coming back
so we just finished up at the beach that
was awesome
we're now heading to a water park to go
do some water park stuff the royal
family who's tired and who's ready
Jessie's been asleep a little power nap
on are you ready yeah Holly didn't sleep
at all on the plane I slept for five
hours are you ready I'm ready for that
slide will you stand there she's really
scared no you're not she's really scared
right
I do the lay-z-boy Rapids the lazy boy I
forgot how big Atlantis the palm is like
this place is older there's the aquarium
if you've been watching this blog for a
while you will know that I came here
with like Zoey and I need to get this
right Louise
Marcus Jim Tania Casper maybe Joe yeah
Joe was there and I'll probably
forgotten somebody would've said this is
such a throwback I literally remember
being here
switching over to the GoPro guys battle
back in the locker this is what Jay
wants to go on this is why he's here
today's limbering up he's so scared
yeah the digits
to do this I don't think I managed to
film anything on that last ride did you
like it yeah he pooed himself
whoa oh my god
I thank you so much thank you so much
yeah
no they attend Romberg trust me just god
holy limbo
Jesse know about to have a race on these
runs I'm scared but I can't me but this
pony's just on the other one sorry buddy
it's gonna win the race you're gonna win
it's all about to push at the star you
just finished up at the water park it
looks like I've got no hair because I
brought my hair tie back okay would you
like to explain to clip that everyone
just saw cause because they thought
maybe including yourself why do I don't
like that drive-through chain did he
told us that you did that he doesn't
like them didn't want anything with a
big drop did you film when I went back
yeah of course I did you enjoy it
I enjoyed it bye all oh here we go
this what we're talking about
we've just arrived our actual hotel room
now this is a beast because obviously
the one that you saw earlier on in the
vlog only had one bed until this one was
ready and the people had checked out and
stuff
so choose bed my bed cache dining table
you know way we've got a big boy balcony
in here J boy that's what I'm talking
about where the girls hello what is in
here I'm not too sure this is what a
nice little hat
what's that little speaker or charging
brettly's no charge
wait it might be a speaker you might be
right about your fingertips phone case
yo that feels nice feel that yeah it's
like really smooth thank you guys
whoever just dropped this off a room so
many cool little things running late for
dinner
I've been trying to get as much of the
vlog edited as possible as you've seen
today it's literally back-to-back so I
haven't had a chance to edit yeah I have
no idea where I'm walking either just
have to change into a long-sleeve
t-shirt some jeans some smarter shoes
because I don't know ever govern this
restaurant we're going to a smart casual
so I can't be buying shorts and a
t-shirt really get your swing out
this is so cool no thank you
oh yeah guys it's so warm out here I
don't feel like we're outside Crazy's
here
chicken wings are marinated in lemon
tahini sauce
Nicola parmigiana in 1307 basically it's
the Italian style salad with the
gluten-free pasta with rocket leaves
with some truffle dressing and avocado
foam beef carpaccio with black truffles
for little form and reverb leaves the
sickest Alton
- check this out jizz asked for a Moscow
Mule lizard of course we can do that and
in it she says Moscow Mule on the side
amazing thank you so much yeah we have
two of these we literally have in the
Porsche Smeal ever it's like a proper it
is set up for I'm just gonna wake up one
well I left my wallet in my shorts
pocket so I just went to go and pay the
bill when I was like all kind of don't
have my wallet on me and so I'm just
running back to my hotel room now
luckily the place we're eating at
tonight is just the top floor vibe tell
I've got my wallet
so good
