so here dawn dawn brand-new is a MacBook
Air
good morning guys
Bobby and I are currently in town doing
a little bit of Christmas shopping
however we don't actually know what
we're buying
/so 5 what you guys something that I
haven't told you about yeah let me give
you a hint you'll see in tomorrow's blog
so we really wanted at Thornton's
Christmas calendar I don't know which
one she wanted to is it one of these
ones do you think I don't know which one
or this one here let the classics you
sure I honestly don't know
Zoe Zoe you like the kid go thank you so
much amazing without at sick do you see
that
check this I took out there
that's so cool
she said that was the standard one they
always sell every year guys we're trying
to decide whether for pni because sure
last year did like one of the commenters
we gets to present every day like this
only has this year so we're trying to
decide whether we should do it this year
for Sean and Zoey
he did it in Spain lost
and I've got her a seven pounds Thornton
calendar she's bought me like different
presents every day and I feel bad we
just sat down for lunch I've got a
carbonara I ordered this for myself for
a starter thinking it was going to come
with like watch some other jeans turns
out it doesn't comes Tomatoes and I
can't eat tomatoes and not allowed them
Bobby's got a hummus salad
I know halloumi halloumi salad and we're
trying to work out and trying to make a
list of places to God to do this
Christmas shopping and whether we're
actually getting up to it today or not
because town is so busy today
it is absolutely insane and with my
power to closest I've also ordered Solia
burgers which she really really really
wanted this from this no halloumi bug
halloumi value she even wanted serve all
sort of that to take that with me
my camera is flashing send and it's got
no battery
this day is just a mess I am like a 12
out of 10 tired yawning but with
Christmas shopping probably insurance
flat because you haven't got many
decorations yet I have yet to be fair I
haven't bought any decorations yet
though Regis it's over the top of
Christmas that I just I to get to leave
it down to her she's probably got a wall
like this not house by the time I get
that probably got only a wall like this
I got you a present I got you two
presents are you excited for them
I've just got home now good girl now
let's do it are we outside and I'm about
to go and give her so any coming in come
inside for a treat yeah lemonade gets
cold up there it's raining I'm not gonna
film myself giving Zoe her presents just
because she's literally in bed in her
pajamas of love with the lights off and
everything I think she's just relaxing
because she's that really really poorly
at the moment or sick or whatever you
call it wherever you are but I've
decided that basically I was gonna do
the condom challenge in today's video
and I tweeted last night saying right
guys I'm gonna do it in tomorrow's video
and I didn't tell you what but all of my
comments recently like do the condom
challenge which is where you blow up and
you drop it on your head and it like
goes around that it's like ridiculously
funny and so many people are doing it at
the moment but there is something else
that I've wanted to do for quite a while
now and I was gonna do in tomorrow's
video but I've decided that I think I'm
just gonna have a sit-down chat with you
guys today and and let you know how I've
been feeling recently and do it in
today's video rather than the tomorrow
okay so I'm gonna go upstairs now and
give Zoe her presents and I'll come back
down in a minute and we can that we can
have a chat and everything and I can
talk through and I can I can tell you
what I've been wanting to do for a while
with you and it's exciting I did manage
to get the right calendar earlier guys
so now we have a ridiculous for
calendars we have this one this run this
run and this run I believe the
now this one is mine that one in that
one is no bees now I've got her this one
with a little name on it
she's given me this one so we've got to
each that is ridiculous
it's also time for me to have this chat
with you and explain what I've been
thinking over the last couple of weeks
or well years really but it's just
hitting me over the last like week or so
I don't particularly know why just as I
was about so I'm gonna put you onto this
camera this camera that are your now run
out charge but I'm gonna put you guys
onto this camera now I've just put a
little tripod up there so that we can
just sit down and have a little chat
because I like just chatting to you guys
okay all right I don't really know where
to well let's go with myself spill chair
don't really know where to start with
this little chat thing so I guess I'm
just gonna roll with it we'll see what
happens but I don't want it to be too
long I don't want it to take up too much
of your time basically I've been doing
YouTube now for like also I've got a
really sore throat if you can already
tell so I'm like to keep on drinking
I've been doing YouTube for like I think
it's nearly six years now it may even be
six years that I've been making YouTube
videos which is literally nearly a third
of my life like I have grown up on this
platform YouTube you guys watching this
some of you may even have been watching
me for like five years so I doubted
downbar but they could technically be
people that have done that the change
that has happened throughout like the
time that I've been on it for myself has
been unbelievable and I'm not just
talking about like all gaining those
views gaining loads of subscribers like
I feel like I'm a completely different
person I look like a completely
different person my hair looks a bit
weird at the moment now actually but
yeah I've changed so I feel like I've
grown into like a man
throughout my time in YouTube like when
I started I was little boy now I'm like
22 year old with a bloomin dog with
quite a long term relationship and I
suppose I've just been thinking
like how many crazy opportunities and
stuff that I've that I've been given and
I've been allowed to undergo I've been
allowed to experience because of this
thing that I do I talk to a camera and
that is purely down to you like
literally you watching this video has
made so many crazy things in my life
possible so thank you whether that's
being a wax figure in Madame Tussauds in
London or whether that's just me being
more of a confident person in myself and
more outgoing and yeah just I I'm not
just thanking you for the things like
release in books Madame to saw that the
crazy crazy things that I've been able
to do just thanking you for everything
thanking you for being there for me
thank you for listening to my tweets
when I'm ill at the moment and I'm
complaining that I'm you and all of you
are saying I hope you get better
like everything not just for buying
merchandise and buying books I can not
that for everything that you possibly do
it's like I can't really begin no I
can't really begin or at all whatever
describe what you guys have done for me
so I just wanted to say thank you that
is all really and I don't know I've been
thinking about it more recently I don't
know why I think it's because there's
there's been a lot of ously going on in
the news about like people passed away
due to tragic things happen in and I've
just been like that minute and they've
been a couple of people who are very
very young passed away in Brighton who
and who went to like school that I went
doing stuff and I suppose I've just like
been thinking about how valuable life is
and to live in the moment and enjoy what
is happening right now because you never
ever know what's gonna happen tomorrow
so thank you for making this this world
that I live in so cool and so much fun
and me being here to bring you guys
along and I hope that I'm ever able to
bring you guys along and experience all
of these things with me anyways so I was
thinking that there must be some way in
which I can thank you guys but obviously
there was a lot of you that watch these
videos so I can't personally thank
you all individually or meet you all and
stuff that I wish I could but I can't
that's realistic and I know a couple of
months ago I did a camera giveaway where
I gave away three vlogging cameras with
three memory cards and everything I am
like that actually works I pick the
winners up and even the winners I'm
still emailing the winners till today
like it's still a like last week I was
emailing one of them like oh my gosh of
course in the camera I'm so sorry I
bought with the camera as I showed you
them in the video and I completely
forgot to send them so I'm I promise you
the winners that I've message saying
that they won they know who they are you
will be getting your cameras before
Christmas I completely forgot to send
them they're just sitting upstairs in
the spare bedroom doing nothing and you
guys could be enjoying them and using
them so I promise you I will send you
your cameras before Christmas I'm going
to do everything I possibly can to get
them sent first thing on Monday I
promise you I'm very very sorry and I
hope you enjoy your cameras and
congratulations again on winning but I
wanted to do something else but I want
to be able to give it back to more of
you so I bought something today in town
I wasn't going to give it away until
tomorrow because I was just going to do
it tomorrow but it just it makes sense
I'm thinking about all of this kind of
stuff so much at the moment it makes
sense to just do it now and I showed you
a sneak peek about my back earlier in
the vlog so I'm able to have amazing
camera equipment and computers and
editing software and lighting and all of
this stuff that I've done these videos
with and I'm so thankful the name that
I'm able to afford that stuff so that I
can make better videos for you and again
a lot of comments but oh what laptop to
use what camera to use and that's why I
gave away all those cameras well I use
this laptop here this is called a
MacBook Air I edit all of my videos I
literally edited two videos on this
earlier today my daily vlog and my main
shot a video I absolutely like it is
tiny it's 11 inches and I'll take it
everywhere with me
it is my baby so when I was in town
earlier today I thought it'd be a great
idea to give you guys the same laptop as
I use for Christmas so either here gone
gladdens new you can see lot with the
shiny stuff is still on it whatever in
the plastic brand new is a mac book air
now I've never given away something this
big before any YouTube video and I don't
want I don't want you to be coming to
saying Alfie that's like flashing your
money and it's not flashing my money is
I'm able to buy these amazing things to
myself like I said I've got one here and
I just want to be able to give back to
some of you one of you and have
everybody watching me be able to be in
the chance to have one of these
themselves I just want to do it as a
thank you and yeah I don't really know
what else to say
this is literally just me giving
something back to you guys as thank you
for everything you possibly have ever
ever ever done for me
I already decided yet on how how like
how you can win it I don't want to have
to do something that you have to
subscribe to my channel you have to do
this you have to like this video if you
guys want to like the video and order
that you guys just do that I don't want
to make you do that to win so I think
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna tweet a
tweet yeah
tweet tweet that is what you do I'm
gonna write a tweet tweet it and all you
have to do is retweet the tweet retweet
the tweet I'm gonna tweet the tweet
retweet to do anyways I'm gonna tweet
something you guys have to go down I'll
put a link it'll be the top line in the
description retweet that tweet and
therefore I can DM one of you guys who
has one air and getting content with you
and get your address and send it to you
for Christmas so one of you will be
getting this in the post for Christmas
and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do
I hope you put it to good use if you
want to make videos with it
maybe video of it if you want to do your
homework and your work on it do your
homework in your work and if you want to
make music on it do that do something I
would love whoever wins there to do
something really creative and productive
that they've always wanted to do Wow my
daughter's mother speaking I should not
be talking this much anyways ah I feel
like I've just got something off of my
chest I wanted to thank you guys for so
long
and I further that's a good way that I
could thank you
like this kind of thing you want me to
do more competitions then let me know in
the comments let me know what you'd like
me to give back to you guys I was
thinking of doing like a whole set up
like a camera and a tripod and lights
and all stuff like that
so that one of you guys could start
making like really really big production
videos I don't really know I don't I
don't want to do it I'm not just doing
it to be like oh I can afford to send
you guys what it that's not the point
the point is that you guys do so much
for me and I just wanted to say thank
you around Christmas time anyways I
think I'm gonna go play some guitar here
and now because I'm obsessed with this
game at the moment and yeah thank you
again for all the love it means so much
to me I completely forgot to tell you
guys that my gosh my throat is so no way
you go in Nana come here come up here I
mean yeah come on I was just about to
tell them something about you come here
Missy I love you I love you ah this very
day today one year ago was the day that
myself my mom my dad and Zoe all went
and picked you up you and your little
brother buddy boy Hey look at the camera
look at it it was exactly one day go
today for me that we picked Nara up I've
had you for a year I swear she can
understand me and understand what I'm
saying I don't know if it's just me that
fills this with some animals like I had
a snake of course my snake when I was
younger could not understand anything I
was saying but the family cat I used to
have when I was younger growing up in
fact we had two cats they were twins
brother and sister but the boy taught I
swear he could also understand me I
don't if it's just because I got so
attached to them I thought that was
neither then and so attached to them
because they were my pets or whether
they can genuinely understand another
can you understand me
can you sometimes when I'm talking to
her I'll just talk to her like she's a
normal like she's just a human like my
it's weird any of you guys ever feel the
same of your animals now I'm just
interested whether it's just me that
speaks to Nala like she's a human
Nala why are you sniffing that come up
yeah coming up yeah good girl anyways
guys I'm gonna end the video here before
I literally cannot speak anymore because
I want to be able to vlog tomorrow I
don't want to wake up tomorrow and then
let you be like guys I can't speak at
all
I'm feeling really reflective at the
moment and I don't know why just the
last couple of weeks I felt super
reflective and I just want to remind you
to to think about everyday just how
lucky you are to be in the position
you're in there is always going to be
somebody else
millions of people there have got less
than you and it's hard to remember that
sometimes like I fought with myself like
like now being here all night or this is
the worst thing ever it sucks so
annoying I might not be able to vlog
what I want am I not be able to get out
of bed much today like that is nothing
that's nothing to worry about
I'm talking not being able to get out of
bed for one day but one blooming day and
then there's people out there who have
absolutely nothing I don't know I just
think it's hard to get caught up in the
world that we live in and forget how
lucky we are to have an experience
what's around us so don't ever forget
that guys don't ever forget you're
watching me right now on a device that
some people that don't even bring it up
water but don't don't even a clean water
and then sometimes I complain about
there being bad Wi-Fi I don't know do
you know I mean no one do you know I
mean you know what I mean don't you
could you understand me yeah anyways I'm
gonna end the vlog now guys thank you so
much for all the support not only today
not only yesterday not only this week
but for the last five or six years that
I've been on YouTube it has been
absolutely crazy we're only just getting
started I can't even take myself
seriously when my voice sounds like this
oh my gosh right I'm gonna head to sleep
I will leave a link as I said earlier to
the tweed down below I'm purely only
doing on Twitter just because I feel
that that's an easy way for me to
message the winner because if I did it
by emails then everyone would email me a
million times each the retweet and thing
is you can only be obviously in one ik
how can only retweet at once so it's
kind of fair I'm really sorry feud over
Twitter account really am I will do many
many more giveaways in the future if
this is something you guys like and
something you guys won just I think it's
gonna be awesome
I think it's getting really really cool
and I'm really excited to find out what
you use it for and I'm really excited
for it to just be a cool Christmas
present for one of you wherever you live
in the world it doesn't matter where you
live in the world I will send it to
wherever and it will be with you before
Christmas I will pick the winner when
will of it just in a couple of days then
a couple of days doesn't really matter
really I'll give you a couple of days
just to retweet the tweet I will catch
you tomorrow with the new video
hopefully I sound a little bit better
than this look a little bit better than
this and feel a little bit better than
this I'll see you then
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it give the video a thumbs up
but I don't even know if you want to if
you want to do it you know what to do
subscribe as well I'll catch you
tomorrow good night
