I'm going to sit in there for like two
or three or four minutes before jumping
and scaring her hopefully it will be
good good morning guys I am back from
the gym I'm going to insert some footage
from the gym
here alright guys I'm at the gym with
Edie and we're gonna try and go from
what's it called a little thing like
that else it like an L set on this
little palette and you guys now got some
black ones of these at home up into a
handstand normally I'm scared I'm just
going to bite these things so we put
this down so if we hit our face keep
hair it doesn't matter you're gonna film
yeah about it yeah
Yurika push the hands down
it's not impacted I try the push against
the wall first just rock back yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah oh oh
anyways it is time for me to empty the
dishwasher which I haven't actually done
in a few days so we've got a lot of mess
we got all of this type of drugs we're
back in it we've got some more mess
inside there basically mess house chores
is what I've got to do this morning I
feel like a ship on some music I don't
on my phone is you having a nice day
comment down below what you're up to
today I know I say a lot but I genuinely
am interested just to know what you guys
comment down below what you do with the
majority of your time like what your job
is or what you're studying at school or
college or stuff like that I want to get
like an idea of what you guys get after
you during the day because obviously you
see what I get talked to in the day but
I want to know what you guys things like
whether you're doing like a science
degree or you're still in school or
you're a doctor you're a vet or like let
me know so that some of you have some
blooming cool jobs bye guys puppy has
just knocked on the door she to comment
over tonight we're gonna try and scare
her looks yes they're trying and I
didn't get it on camera what should we
do
why should I do it I was gonna go with a
simple scare it wasn't your crying it
wasn't poppy must have been someone else
at the door
I've no idea yeah you knew that I was
hiding there right this gives us time
though to properly think of a good thing
with to scare poppy I said we might be
in that book I just think that's so
obvious I know no no no just stay for
now hey we're gonna pitch something good
I still be highly in a ball hi sorry
guys I look like absolute crap but I
feel feeling very well today we've been
in bed all day the vlog is probably 1
minute long and it's already quarter
past 6:00 in the evening I'm sorry I'm
like I've been like Monica Bing all day
where she's like I'm not sick I'm fine
basically we are what are you saying
that you don't want to get with Vince I
don't want to get your illness no Kate
you've already got it I know I already
have right so I get inside this box here
and hide somewhere that's what I said to
you I'm also really need a week all
right let me just put you down and we go
to the toilet so we've hidden one camera
here we've put up there and then we put
a box here so that I can sit inside
there Zoey's gonna go and lay over there
as soon as she comes in and pretend that
I'm upstairs editing the video working
or something so poppy is only choice
because there's a box on there is going
to be to sit there I'm going to sit in
there for like 2 or 3 or 4 minutes
before jumping and scaring her hopefully
it will be good do you think yeah
to just hide this camera a bit more
alright guys I've changed my t-shirt we
think the door is about to go don't make
it too obvious
no I don't know there's a car right
right there's a car outside a house
we're not sure if it's her or not I need
to hide the phone you have like phone
right so we're going to say that I'm
upset can we turn the TV down it might
not even be her outside again could be
the second guard isn't her well way too
keen wait one minute Zoe come over
practice I haven't actually tried to get
in the box yet da
yeah you can't head down head right down
we're gonna have to do it and then I'll
go merit one and then that one this one
this one oh no kind of yeah that's fine
should I put something on top okay oh
this one won't go down but you can't
tell you're Annette really that's fine
even just being in there for like one
minute I feel dizzy guys from like being
so squished we think there might be some
of the outside again no ah
those guys guys guys guys guys she's
ringing me OK we were 8 so II you need
to want ok wait let me answer it at all
are you outside sick I am I just get so
drop at the cash oh oh
alright let me hide my phone probably
just text me as well let me hope working
oh hi to my photos okay you need to go
give it a patch oh my gosh I need
getting the box I'm in it I've need set
the camera angle
it's like flicking light
there's one so it see this at Lori's my
life want you done we were thinking that
we could have like a Nullah Oh anytime
soon
it sounds really worrying awful but now
yeah oh my god oh why do you not ask
that I so long is feeling poor people at
this was last four minutes guys I think
I got worse off in that one
I feel so lightheaded from being like
bent over for that long did you get a
good in the video is oh he was filming
it on my phone here yeah give it you
made me jump through Clint's yeah he
must be so happy
oh my gosh poppy sat in the wrong seat
yeah the main pop is meant to be sitting
here and Zoe let her go and sit in that
corner oh yeah I said you were meant to
sit there and lay out that's what we
agreed yeah that would be fine children
facing the cameras she didn't face any
of the cameras but if I wait any longer
guys what would he just fainted
let's go to bed come on cookie quickly
the doors closing quick quick quick
none of the ghosts thought I don't go in
there don't go in there that up of
course might get you quick
all right guys I am all tucked up in bed
and I'm really not feeling too good I
don't ever told you guys earlier I think
I did the zou and I just spent most of
today in bed because my throat is like
this
zoe is just really not well I think I'm
going to get any day and what Zoe has
currently got at the moment just because
obviously were hanging out so much
together because we live together now
they want a drunk a drink I didn't
realize that it was her water I thought
of mine so I'm definitely gonna get I'm
not even in focus
anyways I'm sorry that this vlog wasn't
quite a normal daily vlog it's a little
bit short and a little bit more around
the prank and stuff but anyways I hope
you enjoyed it nevertheless hopefully
we'll both feel a little bit better
tomorrow and I'll catch you then I'm
gonna do something that you guys have
been begging me to do in tomorrow's
video I'm not going to tell you what it
is you can speculate and guess and
everything in the comments down below
but it's been all over my comments for
the last couple of days and I think is
OE and I canna do it tomorrow so I'm
super excited and yes
I catch you tomorrow at school
boom
