good morning my gorgeous little girl
how's my festive little pup doin
you havin a nice morning sleepyhead
having a nice morning yeah good morning
guys how you doing I hope you're having
a lovely day wherever you are whatever
you're up to in the world whoever you're
with yeah I took having a lovely day I
am I've got this little one at my office
who is running around like absolute mad
I've bought over a ton of her stuff and
her toys and her food and her drinks and
everything but I think she needs the
toilet right now so let me put you put
you down there I'm just gonna put her
lead on her come here good girl come on
Missy so I've to take another on a
15-minute walk just then turns out she
didn't need the toilet she was just just
tricking me which is good by the
positive thing that came out of it is
that I managed to go and get some food
and I'm super hungry so that is oh good
so I've been working now for quite a few
hours it is hot bus 5:00 in the evening
my daily vlog has just gone live and
also just it's gone live half an hour
ago of course a 5 o'clock it was on time
this one is super tired there we go
told you she was tired she has just been
see that I think she's this is the first
time she's ever been so tired that she
hasn't eaten all of her dinner normally
gnarley' is the author why's it look
like a cobbler man vest on unfold at
lease lease oh hi normally Nala eats her
dinner
her food in like 10 seconds she hasn't
even finished her lunch why dinner
whatever you call it
all right sorry papi and Shana come here
coming a little one we going home she's
all good this is the most Christmassy
restaurant
I know it's the most Christmas you
restaurant in frightened but it is so
creepy
this bit school and look how creepy this
is
man what's that she's running away look
at so creepy he's getting a bit where is
it areas yeah right sugar home Hey right
back home now
shorter hi are you in
oh my god who won
why not be over yeah oh I don't think it
is it's not over there we go oh I am
right we've finished poppy ins are
you're up
oh and they both missed the first notes
sorry space is so serious when she plays
smile enjoy it
we've also ordered a wagga mum as
delivery I know we order a lot of food
guys I know we do I need to stop
watering so many takeaways but it's too
tempting when we've got guests over and
our fridge literally just has fruit
inside there that is as fruit and cheese
and you got exactly cook much food with
fruit and cheese fruit you do baby I've
got a little bit of your dinner in my
bag yeah is that what you're coming at
me and sniffing about you can tell we're
about to have our dinner and you want
yours right let me get it out for you
shoot it in there why did you do that
watch this guys what she sometimes does
what weird weird so she takes her food
out of her ball with her mouth then eats
it by the floor like oh I don't know
strange how's it going good I was always
on a 46 note streak look at the
concentration on her face look at it she
got even smile and smile
paranoid Zoe yeah I just beat Zoe by 350
points
I was literally beating you all the way
for the line 30 seconds and then I gave
I don't know where to get you know why
it's cuz I should really be in a boy
band
ah nowhere came in it to me on the air
got nowhere what something no idea
oh yeah Oh is so funny what have you
done yeah you know John guys don't speak
without form that is one powerful magic
today Gavin please look how much food we
got we got loaded juices as well Emma
what Jamie Oliver on the TV with his
little daughters look how young they are
there hey honk honk Oh mr. Bishop you
never tried please fun ha ha ha
guys look at her dance look at her go ha
ha baby do you like that
did you write don't know it was a
recording it was a recording album last
in the other day night it jumped oh my
god guys I had you let in that corner I
thought it was recording oh right now I
promise scream deny all I was such a bio
those perfect is very product my gosh I
set the camera up those perfect angles
that add her face as I scared her from
behind and it wasn't recorded you didn't
put on recall popping Sean have left now
and I just thought I'd show you
something that Zoe has been planning for
me how long we were planning this two
months - no I was writing this when I
was still writing my book so no you are
yeah I'm very lucky
basically I join explain or join me
today and I'll explain ok so I wanted to
you a advic and of Alfea but I didn't
want to just also look our little one
sleep over there
please hurry I'm fainting I wanted to do
like do it more of like a treasure hunt
each day so I decided that instead of
hanging the presents in stockings on the
pegs I wanted to have use as to where
the presents were hidden in the house so
each day there's a separate little
envelope and inside it there's a riddle
or like a rhyme to try and give you a
clue as to where the present is hidden
so every single day you're getting like
a little present not like big
extravagant things just like little
things I know they're being wrapped up
and hidden so every morning when I wake
up I'm going to hide your present
because I'm going to know which day is
with you going to try them written down
and then it's like in the broth we are
going to finally - yeah yeah and for
Zoey I haven't got her calendar
don't pour a sad face I also bought your
chocolate don't boy sad face because you
know that that's not absurd just boss
yet because that's not like a standard
thing to do somebody that's extreme care
plan I know but but but I did say no
this is another don't don't
giant make me feel bad don't try
anything I said on Twitter sure you
remember I said on Twitter I'm going to
get a person Pig calendar I'm really
excited and I was going to go into town
get myself a calendar and get Zoey
calendar just like a normal nice
chocolate one person clay isn't
chocolate oh I don't know person day
dude I mean little pink pig thing that
we Peppa Pig Peppa Pig that's the one
and and Zoey's oh don't worry buddy got
both of our Zoey said don't worry I've
already got both of our event calendars
already sorted I've already bought us
all chocolate ones so I was actually
going to get you one but you just bought
them first because you're so obsessed
with Christmas however a nice little
however I do know which calendar you do
want and you haven't managed
so I might try and go and get you and
I'll have three chocolate colors that's
fine it's Christmas you'll actually lots
of chocolate
show you and so you can have one one key
but first one for lunchtime one for
dinner right so we got a bed because
yeah I just need to go to bed also this
dextrous did you find this
it was hanging in the gate like a bloody
news so I took it out this love with the
other day I was going to film it I
didn't know whether whether to film it
or not this bit clips in the top of the
guinea pig right like the cage then up
on here but on the inside and then
there's nobody hangs down with like a
big had a massive thing of hey around
hey like treats and all stuff like that
for them they've obviously eaten it all
so left hanging in the guinea pig face
it literally just this I was like let me
know they like plan on hanging
themselves or something that little mini
scary how like my ghost-like vocalist
quick now no just the ghost is coming
where actually she was suspicious no the
light bulb ghost was communicating with
that said I'm gonna get job
the barn about oven here
not like a real wake she's hiding with
me oh my that way
damn it oh wow
but you know one of the things I'm most
scared about me life there's two things
being serious
number one is falling on the stairs and
hitting my team yeah number two is
drinking from a trap and someone god
yeah I'm a guy my dream I keep that in
my head you win a holiday this is okay
my nighttime routine but my voice today
huh go on go to your teeth
come on n you coming up to bed root
daddy come on I can't pick you up with
one hand oh oh did you just fly did you
come up here give me a cuddle
come here come and sit down sit down
good girl and yeah I will catch you
tomorrow thank you so much for watching
the vlog if you enjoyed it give it a big
old thumbs up let's see how many thumbs
up we can get I'll catch you tomorrow
good night just one last thing before we
go to bed Zoe and I are watching
Christmas Eve with Zoe and my family one
of my allies not focusing there we go
one of my daily vlogs from what year
from 2013
I literally my teeth look so different I
haven't got any stubble on my face my
hairs so sure
Zoe looks like pretty much the same her
hair's quite different
it's just weird like so we didn't even
live in Brighton when I've loved this
it's mad and this making me feel super
Christmas a anyways started let you know
that we're watching in my old videos my
old day vlogs I'll catch you tomorrow
Bobby let go
no I miss yeah yeah
