well let go no I missed it
good morning guys how you doing whoa
that won't help my throat got so excited
no they do want a treat like it up here
open the safe fat oh let me now it's
stolen out my hand already or it
swallowed air already swallowed air that
was like the biggest tree ever just
wanted it you won bang it swallowed it
whole how you doing guys I hope you're
having a lovely day whatever you up to
wherever you are in the world and
whoever you are with you know time it is
a little base no no no time it is coming
in coming in put him in AK for anyone
who says pugs are just like fat and lazy
this ROM bloomin isn't there you go I've
also just finished having lunch with
muddy at Jamie Oliver's restaurant in
town which as usual was delicious and I
think it was the first time like
properly properly than my chest didn't
hurt at all I didn't even think but I
didn't even notice my chest whilst
having lunch why am I looking the fridge
I'm talking about the fact that I just
had lunch is anyone else do that now
sometimes I just go to the fridge for no
reason
I need to get editing the daily vlog
yeah and I do not want it to go up late
today no no no where's my laptop here it
is they said it's a new drug be them
oh those delicious I forgot I didn't
even eat one yesterday Zoe made one
something put my laptop offered Zoe made
some cupcakes yesterday and I never had
one I think which one do I go for they
all look so good they add gingerbread
kake's I don't if my cameras gonna focus
on it it's not going to focus on it but
they've got little gingerbread men on
the top and they look absolutely amazing
look at these yo I hope that was in shop
they get you Zooey and Gabby just
arrived home after having a gbk and
we've got Amazon parcel with cute he's
like ah now wait I focus on him
guys look at him look at the new slug
look at him go baby no man we need to
put him back outside a pastor was just
arrived it didn't really come packaged
up so I haven't ruined the surprise on
what it is we're talking thumbnails as
well let me know the comments now
whether you like my thumbnails as they
are because I don't know whether to keep
the little emoji in text at the bottom
or to just have a picture war we're
discussing Christmasy thumbnails and
what we're gonna do with them this here
has just arrived at the house and I'm so
excited to play it like so so excited
and I just got a block down everything
so it's gonna be perfect ways to play it
I I'm just fingers crossed it comes to
the top or two guitars I really really
hope it does there's one guitar right at
least we've got one there's something
else in there though
SiC I'm so excited I'm so excited you
know apparently this one is like
actually realistic to playing guitar I
finally feel good at this you can
actually bring legs or ya know let's do
a play with me if you set it up it is
dinnertime guys so we've just ordered a
delivery I've gone for two different
meals because one of them has tomato in
it which is what I really want but I
shouldn't have tomato my bad chest so I
would another middle just in cases
triggers my chest and then I can eat
something else instead
what are we watching on TV we watch your
pop stars which okay Darius God look at
his blooming stubble why are we watching
this can you remind everybody
basically Gabby and I are a little bit
too young for this Zoey's a little bit
older I don't remember hearsay I'm like
I know of more yeah
then I remembers down those always like
naming everyone in the showdown
Gabriella has gone home now right you
put your big old soft boot things on you
put these on even are these one more day
they're in Debbie doesn't have any
antlers yeah
Oh II thought of antlers isn't it or in
there anyways you put those on T or you
don't get cold what are we gonna do you
ready to be part of our new band Missy
don't be in it don't be in our band do
you oh my gosh yes you want to be in our
band pop stars you're in trouble
here say you know why the new bands off
you're coming for you absolute scum in
alright we're going into my my old
office that is now the message from the
world gonna get our guitars out
balancing you on my TV probably isn't
the best idea because it's really thin
whatever here I can put you guys on this
we've got a guitar I don't know how much
I'm actually gonna be able to play audio
wise because you're probably gonna get
copyrighted because of course Peter and
the rights to the music well what are
you doing yeah
yeah
there's no point I can't do it
I mean I this is the sort of thing I
cannot do you know some people don't
have any hand-eye coordination
I can't do this I'm gonna take you out
my difficulty too casual yeah
I'm sorry guys who's dying to read that
diet some good light now look at right
ready
you like it yeah yeah yeah I like that
no tip you got 77 that's good
yes cuz I got a bigger my longest tree
was 74 yours was 30 right press Continue
oh no no dead where no breast cancer no
yes you press okay you just quit without
seeing our scores
you will be down there my wrist because
you're going I got it yes I hold it
sorry smash I did I beat you 25,000 -
Alfie to me 14,000 - Alfie Zanna one
more what look Zoe loving it I needed
you just one
why would let go
no I missed it I thought I was recording
the whole of the last song and I wasn't
that was so close
I got 88% and Zoey got 82% that was so
good you enjoyed it is that enough yes
enough for me I need to unlock some more
songs I think we only have like songs
made it was a moment so tomorrow that's
hard I need to play some more I
basically need to play like the campaign
side of things and then we can unlock
some more good songs that's honestly so
much higher than I thought it was gonna
be only playing just guitar hero not the
real guitar just Guitar Hero we were
only playing those bottom three yeah
what do you mean the bottom three can
there's 30 bucks
Oh what do these do then oh nothing no
break sir six buttons we were only using
three of them and it was still we're
only here in like 88 percent Hey what
where is our baby
how good blow up chairs are okay yeah
like oh Christ
click Oh click it's not in our bedroom
it's down there get away get away from
the ghost hi guys we are now going to
bed I'm off to jamming out jam out with
our guitars and forming our new band if
you guys like the idea of bands Alfie
Nala that's the name of that let me know
in the comments get the video 10 million
thumbs up sorry this brush our teeth
together sorry tree brushing each
other's teeth summer just talk one of my
brief says and his hitch is gone no
that's my charger oh yeah those yours
Zoe always still was my Chargers guys
she steals everything of mine she would
go and brush each other's teeth why not
you brush mine I'll brush yours come on
why not let's go I don't want to do my
own I just shot on Zoey's foot Baxter
dead okay
but look how much you stole it I don't
even know what that's funny that's just
weird
Oh English right into your teeth all
right guys I'm now all tucked up in bed
I'm so tired I'm so so tired I hope
you've enjoyed today's daily vlog thank
you guys so much to the sport and
yesterday's video which went up today
for me the calendars are going like
crazy and just a little mind if you do
want to grab one I'll put a link down
below so you can go check them out and
yeah I hope you enjoyed the new band
I'm Zoe and I hope you enjoyed hanging
out with Gavin Zoe and I and I had such
a productive day today really really
good meeting earlier which I'm excited
to tell you about in the future and yeah
if you enjoyed the blog give it a big ol
thumbs up to let me know let's see how
many we can get and I catch you tomorrow
good night rights this order here is
Clarice's just come in in the last half
an hour
