right so this one here is Chloe's it's
just come in in the last hop
good morning guy is how you do it today
we are in London in some pancreas
station and or is this Kings Cross or is
it the same thing some point first its
next up
ok we're next door and we are off to do
something super exciting I will tell you
what we're doing in a minute once we got
the Train check out this Christmas tree
this is the one I think me and Zoey
should get in our house might have to go
through the ceiling we've just arrived
at the warehouse so basically as you
know I've released points long 2016
calendars well and they are available
until the 1st of December so I've just
come to sign more calendars for you guys
this is I think I'm assuming where
they're stored in this big old unit so
I'm just gonna try and sign as many as I
can today for you let the cold air per
minute it's big there's any heart I'm
gonna cover your guys address but these
ones are already going out today yeah so
let's you've been sorted that's so cool
people do a pre reading every mate yeah
on someone's literally doing them now
thank you so much this is one of you
guys you've just all it's not even in
focus
and for that yours is about to be sent
right now I'm just signing a stack now
I've just signed like five and this one
had to go out
right so I've been signing a ton of
these now for a while and since I've
been here we've had another 19 orders of
new guys ordering at home the calendars
so we're gonna I'm gonna pack them
myself
I'm gonna rubbish alright label first
this bit yep
in the middle there yep right this water
here is Chloe's it's just come in the
middle I'm gonna sign up there well okay
we'll pop it inside if you enjoy your
calendar
perfect Rita Winston hope you enjoy your
calendar we all wrapped up and finished
under the signing they've taken away
tons of them there is here just signed
right now in these boxes 250 in front of
me and then they're taken tons more way
as well into the place somewhere being
sent off to you so I'll leave a link
down below right now if you also shout
out to what's the guy's name what's his
name lad who sought us out all of my let
his wife watching my videos machines you
put this along today and I've signed it
for her so if you're watching thanks for
watching my videos it means a lot and
everything and say thanks to your
husband sorting out with a merchant
sending off to everyone that's watching
my videos and things and yeah this is
crazy this is mad in here so if you want
to get one of these there is a chance
that it may be signed I've just signed
as many as I possibly could you I'll put
a link in the top line in the
description they go off sale the last
day in November they're gone forever
they can never ever be bought again so
be quick guys and I hope you get someone
let me know if you do Twitter pictures
and stuff like that hey don't
good so I'm on the train on the way back
home now guys oh my lens is broken
today has been awesome I cannot wait for
you guys to be receiving your calendars
I was gonna go for dinner with Jay in
London Oz that's what I was planning to
do but there was a train straight from
Bedford back to Brighton there would be
even quicker and if I dig over dinner
Joe would have got him into like 11
o'clock and I've got the gym tomorrow
and those home by itself now her mum's
gone back home and he's really really
nice having a monster and
and yeah just gonna go back I'm dinner
with Zoey see what happens maybe watch
some Christmassy films got a long old
training journey by myself super dog but
the frog is up I've just uploaded the
dog I'm very sorry that it was late I
was in a warehouse in the middle of
nowhere
we've no internet but I've just been
hotspot in my phone finally got it up so
it's all good
I'm more happy just nip it man bends on
you see you guys a little bit easier
because like now I've got a long boring
train journey got myself for like two
and a half hours or something but the
next clip is literally gonna be me and
Brighton yeah I have to wait two hours
you guys are just gonna get it like that
I'm jealous I wish I could just skip and
be home that but I can't anyways I'll
see you later one
right guys I finally arrived in Brighton
that was like a zero second journey for
you or sick such a good chew any my ears
like two hours forty minute to end
journey for me two hours 40 minutes
unbelievable no I wanted to get Zoey
some flowers from the station but the
flower stalls closed so it's not
chilling - oh I take its buttons oh he's
not feeling too well at the moment she
is at home feeling a little bit or
nothing serious just not feeling great
like you know you know when you just
begin to feel ill like you wake up a
sore throat and you feel a bit just like
run down a bit tired a bit weak that's
what she's feeling at the moment so I
was gonna grab her some flowers but the
stores closed or I could take her Pizza
home that would be a good idea I can't
bring her flowers home but could take
her a pizza home I know she loves this
little pizza store just here so my
grabber quick woodfired pizza
damn that looks good Can I grab one
margarita thank you how long does it
take to cooking the little oven thing
two minutes it's so cold I won't run in
my house can you get one of you out
you've got one in a van we've got one so
I probably could get one in my kitchen
does it cost a lot my girlfriend does
get a lot of pizza this is this is my
girlfriend not me is this going to be
the most delicious pizza today
well that man was just lovely he was
chatting away to me about vlogging and
about what I do and how much film he was
like so you film every day of your life
do you feel on the toilet and then again
hello
so your present close your eyes put your
present oh baby stretching keep them
closed
yeah proper wood oven pizza how good is
that
where's my little not yet come here and
see daddy I've missed you oh you are
soft you're warm and soft aren't you
baby it is time to get changed into some
comfy clothes I'll just try some
tracksuit bottoms map you're not a big
old cozy t-shirt lovely hair Alfie
looking good looking good right all just
ready and cozy I need some water
we've got any water in here oh we've
only got wine and we've got any cold
waters away we haven't got any water in
the fridge always keep water in the
fridge guys water cold is so much better
Zoe has just told me that she's bought
me a present as well so I'm gonna close
my eyes I have no idea when did you buy
it
oh it's squishy
is it pajamas pajama bottom I can put
the one now because you said you didn't
have any kind of Christmasy ones in
doing this so soft again like yesterday
with this blanket here I want you to be
able to fill with these through that
don't youtube and camera companies need
to meant something so I can get Matt Jen
so I can say feel it through the screen
and you get yeah these are so I'm gonna
put them on now you feel ready 60 frames
a second no I don't think so
am i I think you are I don't think so
I've been blowing up this chair I've got
to blow up chair I'm sitting on four
probably on and off an hour like it took
me so long and then I just wanted it
purely about it the other day purely
just that I can game while staying in it
but the judge you know block chairs are
the Confucius oh and then baby no you
having a stretch they are the comfiest
chairs to sit or sleep or lie on or game
on and I got this today I don't know
which company sent it it might have been
fooled up themselves so thank you so
much to whoever sent me this for that
full game just try to put it on to my
xbox and I've been doing it for like two
hours and it's been download an update
after update after update it is only 84%
done it is 2 a.m. 2 o'clock in the
morning I've got a meeting tomorrow
morning it's getting ridiculous I'm not
even gonna play the game look my camera
just went out charge and I have no idea
of what I was saying to you guys but
basically the game didn't even finish
download him so I don't get to play it
and it's not 2 o'clock in the morning
and I've got a meeting tomorrow so I'm
wait a week now because I was really
excited to play full out and those I was
really up for playing and now I'm gonna
bed so bit of a fail alright guys I'm
all tucked up in bed and I'm gonna go to
sleep I hope you've enjoyed today's
video
I spent the vast majority of the day
or in transport like on trains in taxis
and got like to get to London I had to
get trained for 15 minutes then another
to him for 15 minutes then a car for 2
hours which I didn't even film any of it
I started my vlog once I was in London
then I don't then I got to the office
met Tom walked for 20 minutes to the
train station where I started my vlog
and then obviously I got my ridiculous
front of trains today that you have seen
so I'm sorry the vlog was a little bit
short
basically then for today was to go
inside as many calendars as possible no
in this because I just want braces in
but we did we signed as many as I
possibly could so if you do order one
there is a good chance that it will be
signed I can't promise anything because
obviously they are randomly done the
factory like the warehouse place was
like do you want us to send them just to
specific countries I said no scattered
them across the world anywhere around
and just send them to random people so
if you do order one it could be signed
it might not hopefully it will be for
you I leave a link down below so you can
go and get one if you want to and yeah
and like I said it is literally the last
couple of days until they're never ever
sold again there was only a certain
number printed and once they're gone
they are gone so I will catch you
tomorrow with a new day log I do not get
up to tomorrow
and I've got a meeting a lunchtime but I
think that is it so we can try and do
something fun I think I'm also going to
the gym as well anyways I'll catch you
tomorrow
give the video a thumbs it guys good
guys have found the light bulb ghost oh
did you see that serious that was real
footage of a ghost not a quick
