guys I found the light bulb ghosts oh
did you see that serious that was real
footage of a ghost not a quick good
morning guys oh my gosh I woke up early
today click not up to the toilet gave
her breakfast and then came back
upstairs and fell straight back to sleep
it's so cold today I think it's actually
like one degree like actually one degree
freezing is zero is one degree that is
how cold is or solute like um Zoe said I
look like a backup dancer because of
this thing that I'm wearing oh my gosh
the Skylar's nice though look at that
blue sky that looks awesome
I think we're gonna nip to like I want
to say home base but it's not home base
home sense and maybe next as well just
get up get out of the fresh air get some
food and drink oh it's cold
we're in TK Maxx I'm just sort of
Kristin Zoe's Christmas present done in
one go what do you think you like copper
just you
there we go it's a helmet for you that
could literally fit Nala amazing in here
Yesi the acoustics are quite something I
always think I'm weirder in your hug
Cindy's mom oh they'll go just hide
about there oh my gosh I need one of
these just to like cuddle on the sofa
look how soft that one is shut up shut
up it's so soft
get off this is another example of when
I wish that you guys could feel things
through the screen or smell things like
so often I'm showing you things that
have like another sense other than
seeing and hearing like you could feel
this it's like oh my gosh those guys are
paying we've bought a ridiculous line a
Christmas stuff for people stockings and
things and now I'm just popping to name
those to go get us all some lunch
slash breakfast also I've got the gym a
half past one so I need to eat a lot
just wash went for the food I've come
into pets at home and who remembers when
oliver to fit into this tiny little bed
it is like i might give me just walking
along that hair asleep in there first of
many wintery christmas Nando's aha
Christmas doggy Sookie hahaha now she'll
eat it don't eat it Kim you got a
different one on baby
let me see no no let me see ha look at
daddy
hello oh she looks so grumpy she's like
mom what have you done to me I can't
give ministry where you going you come
in see daddy
although you're watching it so you're
gonna go get a treat back from one of
the hardest workouts ever and I think
it's because I haven't really eaten much
recently because my chest has been so
bad wait don't open it yeah a massive
parcel I'm going to blur it just because
it's got our address written on it has
just arrived look how big it is compared
to my hand I don't want you guys to see
what it is so I'm going to film - always
reaction to it but not film it because I
want to show you guys in another video
okay so I'm going to put you up there
yeah you close your eyes okay okay you
guys don't then let's see what it is it
is time to do the daily vlog and I
completely forgot that I bought this
earlier on so I'm getting all cozy
getting wrapped up bust editing the
video oh my gosh if you guys could only
feel this I'm also so excited about what
just turned up at the house I know
obviously you guys didn't get to see it
but I promise you I will show you soon I
just want to use whatever the goods were
that turned up in like a new challenge
video coming up because that is why I
bought them guys I found the light bulb
ghosts oh did you see that serious that
was real footage of a ghost not a quick
put the Blumenau Wow let's get going I'm
gonna leave you here
get away guys help me help me she ran
upstairs there
ya know let's not make a hyper before
she goes to bed come on
he kind of just realized that I didn't
end the vlog at all last night
I just got into bed I fell straight to
sleep
and I also didn't really feel much so I
am so so sorry that this vlog was
incredibly short I just got caught up
doing different things and I don't
really know what else to say I spend the
evening with my mum Tracy my dad Zoe and
me we just had a really really nice
takeaway actually from somewhere that
was somewhere that was new it was like
an Italian but they did so many
different dishes so I had like two
chicken breasts my mum had like a weird
lasagne kind of thing Zoe had and naki
my dad had a pizza Tracy had a pizza
I had roast potatoes as a side it was
like delicious it was so so good but I
just wanted to end the vlog this morning
because I forgot to end it last night I
just felt straight to sleep as soon as I
go into bed I was absolutely knackered
like I think I fell asleep at like half
past eleven twelve o'clock or something
like that which is early for me because
normally I don't get sleep until later
than that anyways again I'm sorry that
the vlog wasn't the longest most
productive log ever today the day that
I'm actually filming this little clip
here which is tomorrow for you I am off
somewhere very very exciting and shall I
tell you okay yeah I will tell you I am
off to go up above London
I don't into know where it is I'm just
getting on the train and meeting
somebody and they're taking me there to
go to the warehouse where all of my
calendars my 2016 points blog calendars
are made and I'm going to go see them
being made and I'm going to go and sign
tonnes of them and everything like that
so I'm so so excited to go and sign more
but yeah then
right yet I will catch you tomorrow with
a new video thank you so much for
watching I'll see you then
good Oh give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it good night I didn't really
know it's the full shebang
