it's the full shebang say that nice and
cozy good morning guys how you doing
today I kind of done quite a lot today
without filming it because I've been in
such a rush I woke up at about ten
minutes past eleven from Zoe being like
Alfie you need to get your butt out of
words we're not going to make it today
to the premiere so the super rush
morning I started off uploading my main
channel video that went up last night
for your hope you enjoyed it if you
haven't seen he'll put a link down below
then uploaded yesterday's daily vlog as
well and edited that so I got out of bed
about 1 o'clock the time now let me put
the check is 242 we have to leave at 3
o'clock to head to London to go to the
hit the road premiere so I just nipped
in to town now bought this t-shirt I
bought a shirt like a really weird like
crazy pattern one that I thought I might
wear tonight then I also bought a plain
shirt that I thought it might work
tonight brought more back should Zoe and
her mum the options and we've gone with
this t-shirt
and then the jacket you know the jacket
that I bought probably in short the
other day we've decided to go with that
one I don't wear like a little scarf as
well and this necklace and stuff and
I've just done upon some like
moisturiser and concealer under my eyes
and stuff like that because it's going
to be crazy tonight it's going to be so
so good and then there is also like an
after party tonight as well that I think
I'm going to go to and today's vlog is
going to be awesome I'm starting it late
but don't worry is going to be crazy
it's going to be good and I'm just super
super excited I'm just trying to think
what can I bring that I'm going to live
to everything I take today to London to
the premier life I bring hair gel then I
have to bring it in my pocket onto the
red carpet oh there's nowhere to just
put it so I'm going to take like a
nearly finished hairspray and then just
pry walk on the car
I'm going to hair spray my hair and then
put it in the bin and so I'm taking that
and yeah I've got the little jacket that
I bought the other day that you saw in
the vlog and poppy and Shawn I'm wearing
that tonight
Zoey's downstairs Hannah mama both just
doing their makeup all dressed up and
everything and yeah we're just heading
off we're heading off in like 15 minutes
and that is about it I'm a little bit
nervous because it is Sunday which is
like the biggest day for Beauty bers
uploading videos so I've got a main
Channel video and a daily vlog going
live like I just said but I'm not
actually going to be here so I've
uploaded them scheduled to go live by
themself so I'm just I'm scared that's
going to be an issue and you guys are
going to be tweeting me whilst I'm in
the cinema I'm going to get tweets out
of your videos aren't like where are
your new videos not going to be like it
were meant to go live why didn't they go
live very very stressful 15 minutes
we're going to be in the car on the way
to the premiere
we've just got to turn you and James
although Jim isn't here because he's
doing like the presenting so we call it
he's up presenting the carpet host on
the carpet tonight and doing everything
look at Todd's dress can you spin round
can you spin look how cool it is I love
that you excited yeah on the top I know
buddy I'll fluff so guys over the
microphone so I don't know how I've
actually showing these people I think I
have look you guys have got a little
haircut where is she here's the main
girl are you coming are you coming Missy
you imagine you've moved on a little
lead on the ride home
just hold it like this under your eye
yeah your tension you can't go up there
she won't be doesn't hurt there's many
people up there jeez guys look at these
decorations oh my gosh someone is
feeling Christmassy
that's clientele swing at Nike no we
have arrived
mady's already left she's not lose yeah
we've arrived at the hotel everybody's
already jumped in cars and is going
Maddy there's one car going there's time
and Zoe's mom and then Zoe and I ring
the last car with the very last people
with the last eight bowl
Romans out B teams out there knock off
before enter amazing thank you so much
ran over something now you come in oh
hey thank you so much Oh guys it is so
Christmassy yeah
look at who the lights
sorry you excited crazy every is gonna
be crazy
hahaha this is this is absolutely crazy
mr. Castell a
they chanted
log in the vlog these people came all
the way from Italy and they gave away
from Sweden crazy
Wow
Marx's just drop in people's minds
that's what Jim Tate mitches me hurry on
carry on
don't move right now
off it
Grayson get ahead
yeah
or my Moses servant let me oh how is it
man good
I'd like overdressed no because this is
you updates cannot be over jester your
own exactly oh I'm thank you for coming
to people outside of the Jews get even
over keeping you in every Nick side how
it goes it is it is you see why we
should question are you okay
I fill me some food coming out it's the
Porsche balance to say that right there
game I should get taken away to look by
whinnies engine is coffee made easy
Casper's useless oh that Casper got
really Casper wanted to do a lot of
driving I've got to be honest before I
work with them i directed 15 years of
Top Gear Bay one lunch in Venice they
introduced me to tiramisu
you guys know I'm a massive fan boy on
one posture I met I met the Chompy they
were yeah and they're like oh with a
joke in time you have to say like
they're really good I do like them they
were really really nice and they're so
crazy you guys always a lie only family
or one person it's understandable
language right I'll get Emilio and water
to the boil it of yours just just the
limousine
you are leaving Leon's why my brain I
told you the height behind the right one
and then you put me in a red light I'll
even do an example oh please don't
follow him
Leon statue is the best snap shallow
anyone I follow Christ the off party is
in full swing
go mean I'm just mouth without sushi
because you better do it no sorry
I'd like a late breakfast to campus air
volumizer again I just dropped three
dishes anything I'm alright
they are gonna take my jacket off yeah
all right we just smashed time Oh sushi
this is the aftermath about to pay now
that fill up your belly yeah very much
that yeah fill up your belly so good I
was very humbled everyone has been
rinsing my car by July
it's just right into our circle that we
don't win yeah exactly
Roman Roman stop the monster God Marcus
yes boy shall a man nice to meet you hi
there hey Dad
perfect thank you so much have a lovely
evening
come on the Scotch doesn't see mommy I
am all tucked up in to bed now I don't
never told you basically after dinner
with marks know me I was in med but I'm
into the bed I go I'm in the bed
Oh doctor no I normally say that's why
don't we say I'm all tucked up in bed I
know but the last couple of nights you
said into the bed into bed anyways after
having Yossi shoot marks no me I was
gonna go back to the after party and
hang out of everybody but I rang Zoe are
speaking to Zoe what are they doing on
TV like patting chocolate is that
chocolate pancakes anyways and I was
gonna go back to the party and
everything but then I realized that Zoe
had just left and she was at Tanya's
ordering pizza and I realized that if I
didn't go back with Zoe I was gonna have
to get a taxi all the way back home that
would be so expensive and I'll be by
myself and it was so late at night and
I've got the gym tomorrow
no that pancake looks amazing and I was
like just doesn't really make sense I
was like Zoe wherever I see you I might
come back with the inches I just left 15
minutes ago
and with my mum so well not my mum Zoe's
mom and Zoe turned the car around and
drove back I got a taxi to go and meet
her at Tanya's and then we've just
driven home as you just saw I am home
now so got this little one sleep in bed
and Zoe is it in pizza in bed which I
mean no that your dinner
I do sushi what is this one out is this
sliced salami this was
recommendation I'm so jealous I want
pizza oh honey honey I accidentally
stole your fork chance all right
time we've got your fork if you wanna um
come and pick it up whenever you wanna
kill done Jim we've got your fork if you
worn out she does
she might not everybody going to eat
Tonya this picture a healthy way to eat
China that everybody tweet idea that
screenshot we're watching some weird
good is it called great food or good
food cooking channel for some reason and
it and it is currently 20 to 2:00 in the
morning look it up over my side mine's
not got Hina via photos my side
mine was too hot so I just turned it
down now get your foot back get away get
your it away we've got like a heated um
top on top of the mattress and you can
choose how hot each half of the bed
above a lip read it slip a little remote
down here this then anyways and super
super proud of cosmic nine hours for
under for one hour super proud of Casper
and Joe tonight absolutely killed it
amazing job thank you guys so much for
commands like showing your support to
them as well if you guys kami I know it
meant so much to them it is super super
good if you haven't already checked it
out a would so I leave a link down below
I will try my best but you guys know I'm
like remembering to leave links down
below under worse so you wouldn't you
know it go check you know it's wrong you
reckon is it on Amazon still iTunes oh I
feel watching this it is literally out
it is out the day you're watching this
as well so you can watch it whenever you
want from now and yeah that's about it
awesome job how it like summed up their
friendship with their purchase idiots on
that yeah I soon the interview the BBC
or was that I know is ITV today or was
it BBC I don't know anyway it's on the
carpet about the film and they said what
do you expect and I just read just them
to being idiots and she was like we do
mean in the nice as well as of course
but this is this is going to be stupid
at it because that's what they're like
and that's why it will be good and
that's exactly what it was if you're
picturing them anything to do with them
that is what it is literally what it is
anyways I need to shut up speaking I
need to get to sleep because it's nearly
2:00 in the morning and I've got the gym
tomorrow and this one is gonna wake up
as usual half past 7:00 on the dot
wide-awake and went into play so me or
Nala
don't you know Lila I wake up at 7 a.m.
everyday in the moment no you don't you
said you want a lion tomorrow
gnarlie so I do not in the morning
anyways yeah I have I catch you to my
guys I love you so much
give it a thumbs up you enjoyed it I
hope you enjoyed the program so that it
wasn't a full packed daily vlog that I
started it late I hope you still enjoyed
it and yeah I'll catch you tomorrow
good
