good morning guys
oh my gosh today I'm like a 12 out of 10
tired
Zoe has just woken me up by running and
jumping on the bed screaming that it's
snowing outside and opened with blinds
to show me which it is it is true it is
actually snowing out so I like I don't
expect a lot don't expect like us going
outside and having snowball fights
because I live in the UK and that's not
exactly the best for weather is it now
it's not the best place but it is
snowing nevertheless so his mum has also
made us eggs and soldiers downstairs oh
my gosh I'm tired Wow should we get up
should we get up together I can't even
open my eyes better yet bye guys it's no
it's got like a blizzard
but it's what with snowing up that's
sick I don't know if it's going to
settle though because it's quite wet
this cupboard here is just full of
snacks have we tried this one yet sorry
spiced winter red tea is it good it's
caffeine free as well now then has a
face time in each other
fuzzy boy hi buzzy
hahaha the game is Papa :
now literally try to like climb into the
screen cm you have it cuddles in bed
what it is time to open all of these
packages that arrived at the house
yesterday I kind of did an eighth soft
shop at like 2:00 in the morning the
other night so I can't really remember
what I ordered all I know is that I did
in the middle of the night which
probably wasn't the best idea
because I probably spent more money than
what I wanted to spend so I got a hoodie
I got
there's not another hoodie another
hoodie I got a jumper
a t-shirt another hoodie another t-shirt
another t-shirt another t-shirt another
hood cheese I got a lot of hoodies I
thought I only got two I think I may
have got four that is ridiculous anyway
it is time for me to get in the shower
now so I'm gonna jump in the shower and
get dressed
the Saucony journeys are on their way
over and I think we're all going to film
some videos together like they're going
to film with Zoe is always going to film
with them I'm gonna film with them I
don't really know oh no knows that
they're on their way right now
like literally they left to come here 25
minutes ago in the tasting like 40
minutes to get here I need to get my bum
in the shower the holy moly and that
shoot video for my main channel for next
Sunday not that are you're watching this
Sunday after quite all stay still not
sure how excited Anna looks to film with
me for digital shock rock-bottom eating
chocolate and I also shouldn't eat
chocolate
dammit you've got me my lips you said to
me yesterday a very unhealthy actually
of warfare it's only one of these smooth
inside
only a tiny that one just finished
filming video vana and Jonathan like I
told you next Sunday and then you guys
film with Zoey which I provided I saw a
video and blurring well look at him I
want to be in there can we sleep in it
can we make a dent and sleep in it
tonight
why not making a dent is something ever
Nullah go in there go see Eduardo what
Oh Marla no no no there go in here
she won't go jump down there he just
sent your name with it and you say Alfie
Oh remember we did it Amelia every year
die ray who do you prefer Zoe or Alfie
hmm he's our dad they're both there you
want Zoe hey Alfie what which one would
you like more as though we were Alfie
Anala or Nana run away that's what I did
I did the same yeah Zoe just had an idea
for us to try and do that seating thing
where you all leaned back and then you
remove the chairs why all of you sit
back
all right right it's really poor chairs
in a square this is going to be cool
it's just going really good watch my car
yeah do it alright there's two chairs
and I think it's we mind again for oh
yeah in a square oh one more Oh his
little coat is so good hey mr. Howell I
know I had to do I know today I think he
did I don't you want to take away the
chairs and we're gonna stay seated
yeah yeah okay right so what you do is
you go here you all sit in your chair
right no and then I would sit like this
yeah so you say no no you need to move
this room or I learn that saw me sit
down lean on my legs and then I lean on
someone else's like this like okay Jimmy
to tow it with my camera shot yeah you
should be right in like this somewhere
yeah cuz mum needs to pull the chair
away oh I I don't know if this is going
to work
I'm gonna put you guys down over here
you ready okay well without anyone in
back and everything was legs ma all
night you know like properly on their
legs
okay
we'll be out to be long and then we're
gonna remove the chairs
the tell you supposed to get the chairs
removed at the same time of day know you
know you know don't go yeah
oh no no Pianalto incredible that was so
good guys that actually works we got a
party up in here indoor guys they are
indoor ones by the way they're just big
indoor ones Amelia Amelia look look
careful fireworks Wow
careful you can back down she can hold
it she's having before snowman I don t
know when I feel my duardo I'll it's
called Emma Cameron II went no oh boy I
missed a little Jenny show them your
coat
bye bye can we see your lose your
outfit who is your outfit gonna show
them you up there get your crew Lorena's
wow you know handsome handsome boy
you know should we turn the camera off
ya gonna say boyfriend's yeah now
there's all grumpy because nobody's been
givin her proper attention today have
they okay we've been filming videos and
stuff you're gonna get daddy a cuddle
are you can we just open up that shabam
don't be a bum in my face give me a kiss
thank you
then then God says ensue mummy good girl
Oh today has been a good day guys really
good day I'm so excited for you to see
my new main channel video it's coming
out the same day as this video so if
you're watching this it's most probably
up I'll leave a link to it down the
comment down below down below it's so
good I don't know what to tell you what
it is or not basically it's a car I
don't know do I tell you I'm not going
to tell you what it is all I'm going to
say is that it's something super
different to anything that I've ever
done before this lens caps break in this
is blooming cameras are are we golden
it's already breaking anyways today's
new video is super exciting and and I
just know you're good I think I hope
you're gonna love it because it's
something that I've never ever done
before on this or my main youtube
channel on this you shall not anything
but it's something that I'd for sure
love to start getting into maybe
releasing like oh one every six weeks or
something like that or funny moments or
for my gaming channel or let me know if
you like it like really really please
let me know honest if you liked it be
sure to like give it a thumbs up if you
enjoy their or let me know in the
comments of this video or tweet me
whatever just because I'm really stoked
for it I've shown a lot of people wait
to see what they think and stuff also
bought this jumper earlier thinking it
was just like a normal black hoodie that
was a bit longer because I want to start
wearing clothes that are a bit like long
what I have or eight ages for little
over a year I've been wearing oversized
like in length t-shirts and stuff but I
bought this jumper because it's
it was like longer than what I thought
it was
turns out it's literally like the most
Justin Bieber jumper I've ever seen in
my life and I didn't mean it to me at
all look at that look at it so here it's
got black curd normal normal and then
it's pretty long that's how I wanted out
look at the sleeves
they're like quilt it and then it's
called like what is that all about what
what is that it's got some weird like
little insight like I don't know just
got out of the most lovely bath ever
candlelit bath with lush bath bombs and
I'm wearing some new like cozy hoodie
thing without sleeves and boy I have
dinner the time is quarter past 8:00 and
I don't know it wouldn't be dinner but
I'm very hungry my hair is also just a
mess as well books I've done it since
getting out of the bath I might have
some pasta tomato not allowed tomato and
why what's this one tomato mozzarella we
have two pastas the both tomato actually
I could just make some pasta there isn't
got tomato
I've just finished making Zoey some
dinner and now I need to start making
mine
and finally here's my dinner if it
focuses there we go look at that
tuna Mayo and peace make finish it in de
nothing I've just made the most
delicious looking hot chocolate in the
world it is made with milk e stands for
powder and then I put all my French for
I forget and then I added all four
little like chocolate pieces from my
Terry's chocolate orange and they've
like melted it oh my gosh it is so good
that is my like treat for today because
my chest has been so so good touchwood
so good so far today with all my meals
and just smashed all of that pasta Zoey
is fast asleep Nala is fast asleep
Tracy is going to bed upstairs and it's
only like half past 9:00
so first night and everyone's a bed
asleep it is like half past 12:00 at
night I've got this like Justin Bieber
can jump wrong and I'm doing something
that I have an awesome whispering
because Zoe's mom is literally asleep in
the room above me and I'm doing
something that I haven't done in
absolutely ages like I literally do not
remember the last time I played a video
game like I gained that I didn't record
for a YouTube video so the other day I
was poppy insurance unless you know sean
has a PlayStation 4 when they got their
new TV they also got PlayStation 4 and
we were playing I think it was like the
last bus the other day I found pretty
sure it's the last of us were playing
together the other day and I just loved
it I loved just playing a game without
recording it because I'm always like
having to edit it afterwards and make
sure the cameras work again I make sure
the screens recording and everything so
it was really nice or sudden if you can
have got Justin Bieber playing here and
I don't know anyone that isn't obsessed
for Justin Bieber at the moments we're
gaming the other night together and it
was so nice just literally gaming that
was it as simple as that I never do
anything that isn't being filmed like
I'm filming now I'm talking about gaming
and filming it
but yeah so I just thought turn on the
Xbox 10 or turn on the PlayStation but
it just happens I turn on my xbox and I
just want trials at the moment I just
failed this go so just playing this
trials game here
well nothing to play with one hand but
I'll try oh oh oh yes go on go on go on
how the hell am I doing this with one
hand
lemon hell shut up
no I'm not you doing better than I can
with two
No Oh up the arc I crashed but yeah so
I'm just playing this just chilling out
hanging out Nala and Zoe are both asleep
upstairs in bed Tracey Zoe's mom is
asleep in bed as you're watching this as
well my new main channel shall I play
you a snippet should I play you a little
come on turn on come on I want to play
them a snippet ah ah so I can't play you
a snippet of the new video but just
trust me guys the new video I can tell
you what it is basically somebody
contacted me the other day who I
followed on Twitter for like over a year
now and he basically said to me and he's
like an animator and he basically said
to me hey Alfie can I make like an
animation for Christmas for you I've let
some Christmas videos shoot on that said
hey I've got an even better idea I would
love an animation why don't you put all
the best moments from challenge videos
of mine that I've done with friends like
me and Jo me and Joey me and PewDiePie
me and Zoe and me and Marcus me and
Caspar put them all into one video like
just for the best moments and make it
into an animation and keep our audio so
he is basically animated like the best
challenge montage with all the youtubers
and it is going to be going up on my
main channel the same exact time you're
watching this if you're watching this it
is out right now so I'll put a link to
the top line in the description guys let
me show you a sneak peak feature a sneak
picture
and just tweeted a picture now of like a
tiny bit of the screen obviously this is
really low-quality and stuff but there
is like a sneak peak of the cartoon of
me how cool is that
Mir Nala I absolutely loved it and if
you guys are like if you're enjoying it
and it gets like a ton of thumbs-up and
support and comments and so for that
then maybe as I said I can turn it into
something that's like I don't know every
six weeks or every time I do like a
particular video that has a really
really really funny like a minute or two
then I can ask this guy to edit like the
minute or two into an animation or a
cartoon or whatever you call it yeah
it's going to be sick I'm just I can't
wait for you to see it as usual in the
daily vlog the other day I've shown my
parents I filmed their reaction I show
Anna Jonathan today and Jonathan was
like no way that's sick they loved air
and so I hope you guys like as much as I
like it and the amount of work that the
Skype in I'll put his links down below
as well the amount of work they put into
making it is crazy so thank you so much
and yeah I might M my flock down here
tonight you know I sometimes sit down
and I've had like I think tonight Wausau
is gaming I had like a little
realization of how crazy it is what I
get to do at the opportunity that I get
to do because of YouTube and how when I
go to town and just bump into so many of
you in person that watch these videos it
is crazy it is crazy the people are even
watching this so if you're watching this
honestly thank you so much it means a
lot to me that you care enough to spend
your life watching my life that blows my
mind I'm going to get to see it now guys
thank you so much for watching today
give me a bigger thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I'm still it blows my mind
that we still manage to do that trick
earlier where for us lay down there then
they remove the chairs that's sick
that's so so cool
and yes I catch you tomorrow guys
tomorrow and got a super exciting day
because it is the hit the road premiere
and I'm going and Zoe's going as are his
mum's going at all
are gonna be there and it's gonna be
awesome so I'll catch you tomorrow I
love you good act I want to try and get
everything in shop
