I want to try to get everything in shop
good evening guys the time let me get my
let me get my phone what is the time
742 in the evening right I've got some
explaining to do with you i am i started
my of that I'm wearing like pajamas by
the way I feel like what is he wearing
I am also watching Love Actually for the
second time today but anyways why am I
start to my vlog so late today basically
I woke up at like half past nine and I
had a meeting from half past ten that
lasted until 4:00 was it for 3:30 they
lasted until 3:30 so an item eaten from
10:30 to 3:30 so crazy crazy long
meeting after that I went straight to
another meeting that was like half an
hour long came back he I had to edit and
upload the daily vlog I'm so sorry that
it was late yesterday it was meant to be
up at 5 p.m. as usual and it went up
like an hour late and then now I've just
finished having dinner Zoe's mum's here
just made us the most delicious roast
dinner ever
and now it's time for the vlog to begin
it's a late one don't worry though it's
going to be good
somebody sent Zoe Nye the other day I
say the other day it was like a month or
two ago now sent us some rollerblade way
I don't know if it's rollerblades roller
skates roller roller skates rollerblades
I don't know the one with wheels are in
a line somebody sent us a pair of those
each the other day and I haven't used
any of that I would use rollerskates or
blades in years I used to love it when I
was younger and going to like roller
discos or I'm not birthday
the amount of birthday parties that were
in like community centers and stuff and
so anyway so you know I might try those
out in a minute because we've just found
them again we put I put them in a
cupboard I put them away also I don't
know when I'm going to use the but I
know I will one day
okay yeah oh you can as you get aa
alright alright it is time to do some
rollerblading how excited are you
excited can you do it I used to do it
all the time
mum do you remember me at least go
rollerskating ok this it gets bigger box
somebody tell us these yes no not yes
sir like a month or two ago it is from
and erm hi is there in a few my name is
Jake I'm a fellow blogger from Brighton
my special subject art of rollerblading
as you do I send you some rollerblades
mainly because it's fun
seems like it can make a good vlog
feature and I think the positivity from
your blogs is awesome ah Thank You Jay
and I always happen to have an
independent skate shop just down the
road in Eastbourne yeah we are called
loco skates
hence affording you this gift probably
should be his mobile number and Jake
I'll blow that for you thank you so much
loco skates are they comfortable yeah
are they Nalla do you need some we need
to get 4000 ones for you don't we well I
need put these a cop with the money if
you'll let me put you guys down here for
a sec while we put them on wait I don't
even know what size these are ok yeah
Jake how did you know my foot size
strapped in no hold on you going for it
bolt straight into the dog crate they
look good yeah this is so sick oh I need
to tighten mine up a little bit oh
they're quite wobbly yeah we should take
not
what you then I wouldn't be able to do
it
your get we should take note on the
walking on the beach we should walk no
line on the beach on that she doesn't
like them no she's like way no no what's
happening what are these what is it huh
where we racing to just for sofa well
gonna crash into each other awesome is
this silly right yeah let me put the
camera over here
in
I think when it's if one of us probably
you can go through my legs I'm gonna go
like that
you ready you have to go through my legs
I'm gonna go like this
I'm gonna scared this is risky for me as
well go yeah that was so good I need a
little bit I want to try and get
everything in shot good me through your
legs are you ready I am I'm gonna do it
turn out the camera why you got stabbed
like this go that's fine
now you can't push my gosh I missed that
one I was gonna do it again why you hold
the camera I'm gonna do it honestly yeah
no you're like realistically your head
if you look very
but I can't stay still yeah you can I
can't how did you say still are you
ready
no like that because I'm really me your
lights on open right legs your back a
bit I feel like my mum should film that
all right this is gonna go so wrong
all right that's fine you can't get
through I can I got that you are but not
well hey check out that and then just
sit around why that just isn't worth the
risk is it
although do you not you should do but
I've really dose that but I really goes
to the floor yes it feels like she's
flying around oh okay
so hey you got trip while I was holding
her oh my gosh
okay on our first yeah oh she's like
what a bit more of a softer landing
isn't it we need to remember we need to
do it in your office in my office I
think along you know with the structure
on the beach yeah not on the lead and
I'll just throw us along yeah
take these off did you wear helmet
unlike pads
yeah I don't you need to be you can
alright guys I am now all tucked up into
bed Rosaria Nala and we are watching
celebrity get me out of here and they a
drink in blended camels penis and pig's
brain and like I honestly have no idea
how they're doing it it's downing it
like it's a bloomin delicious drink
I'm also the clip that you just watched
clearly was not today because we're
wearing different outfits and stuff
basically since my last clip since the
first clip of the vlog I fell asleep on
the sofa watching what did you guys
watch a program about a Dell BBC with
the Dell or Dell with the BBC or
something like that and I just fell
asleep on the sofa the entire time so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
wake up when we wake up tomorrow Zoe not
going to play with the roller blades
don't they like we were planning on
doing today for this video but I fell
asleep so we're going to do it tomorrow
and put it previously like you guys know
what I mean you would have already seen
it right now so I hope you enjoy that
yeah I haven't actually done it yet if
you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up I'm
really really sorry that it wasn't a
proper datavault but I need I've done
the best I can because I'm meetings all
day a set from this evening I've had
them all day not just the knackered and
ended up falling asleep this evening so
I hope it's still worthwhile and it is
better than no video at all you haven't
subscribed subscribe down below tomorrow
on my main youtube channel is the most
exciting video I've uploaded in so long
how good is tomorrow's videos I okay
sorry it's so good isn't it far away on
your teeth
oh shut up how good is my main channel
video on Sunday really good yeah so I
hope you're excited for tomorrow main
Channel video might old today know what
I burnt it this morning
when I ate a panna chakra the chocolate
was too hot inside Oh was it like my I
can't well I'm leaving a laptop now I
can't feel my tongue it's like really is
it when you got that yes it's horrible
on the roof right I'll get you tomorrow
guys thank you so much who the sport and
love is always okay you've had a lovely
day and I'll see you tomorrow
good night Oh what did you want to say
nothing I should pointing oh you guys
like going away whilst pointing at the
camera so though yes I mean to say
say good night to them well what do you
say where's stay hydrated I've got
really bad
knots in we're back in it says Zoe is
doing the one thing you should never do
if you're in pain with something Google
in it she's literally laying here
googling pain in back if I know it's not
that was it it's not and then it goes
from Eva like basically asking you to
give me a good though I don't it goes
from bad posture to tumors in your bag
yeah oh it could be my poster or a tomb
or tumor or diseases even inherited and
I'm like this is what you do not do you
it's like you're not hydrated enough
this is why you don't do anything
because it goes Oh posture yeah that's
fine I can change that tumor in my back
probably a bit Mormon issue than my
posture anyways I've already ended
they're all kind of can you say good
night to them good night don't do my
ending Peace Love Liffey adventure boom
oh yes not your ending it's also not
Louis in what Louie you mix masses and
Louie but st. Monica is school tomorrow
night did he
