good - hey guys
why person understand hello to these
lovely before and today it is I don't
even know don't even honestly you have
no idea what I was going to say it's
something like 39 sleeps till Christmas
that's so exciting
papi and I just popped out for lunch
it's lunchtime and haven't even started
my blog good one healthy and we're a
place here good six literally the name
of it is called six and never been here
before
we're just looking at the menu outside
see whether we should go here or not
should we just try it
it's got like halloumi and like it's
like a healthy place I believe me
inhabit our dough and see that
mussels avocado tree avocado trees yeah
yo look at this that's sick
cuz it's brand-new it's just opened you
got cozy this is can you hear the music
let listen wait Jennifer are for you
realizing who is you do know this on the
singer literally text me two days ago
you know you've probably met them this
is what's happened yet how crazy is that
we just you do know I'm using my top is
taking some blog photos on the smallest
camera in the world look how big the
cameras yeah don't think that cameras
guys she carries that in a handbag to
take photos for you guys for her
Instagram and blog like a hippie it is I
are new me salads have arrived I'm going
to start trying to be healthier because
apparently one thing that affects my
chest more than anything else is eating
unhealthy and let's be honest I do order
quite a few takeaways don't I not gonna
lie and so I'm going to try and be as
much healthy food as
now so I've got an avocado quinoa and
halloumi salad I've also got some the
old chicken goes over there and
non-caffeinated wait now
it's a decaf coffee so that's not bad my
chest I haven't had a coffee in life
eight months or something since my chest
properly started playing up so this was
the first time I got a steamer store
this is the first time I've tasted
coffee in like month I think
and missed it so much I just never
thought of getting decaf
poppy copied me went for the same and
the same drink that jacket we voted one
of the same thing on the menu we have
just got a town now we've finished up
lunch it wasn't as good as what I
thought I give them we're gonna need to
Topshop I thought we were shopping for
other people not for us straight away be
shopping for poppy I give the rating out
of 10 a six point three because it had
so much potential could been amazing but
the service was rubbish we're to wait
sold off everything and then there was
like no chemo in my quinoa salad right
successful shot and now we offer the new
Adele album is just mad day we're going
to go and grab that now as you know our
online yeah surely iTunes or Spotify
maybe it's not out today that with what
day is it coming around the 22nd is now
I thought it's the 22nd or 24 we're
going to try and get the Adele album
copies shopping for vlog poaches to in
which is what is that Christmas gift
ideas under 20 pounds so boys and
females separately gift ideas under 20
pounds which I'm taking note for Zoey
I'm just going to rewrite some of them
floating poo for in your bath beautiful
absolutely a fake beard this shop is
just the best we're now close shopping
for Sunday which is the hit the road
premiere I've just been trying on this
jumper obviously this isn't for the
Premier this is just for like casual
wear but it's quite cool because it's
got like little pockets here and here
even though it's just a normal jumper
which I like I think it looks really
cool I like it it's a large as well got
it on quite like big and just baggy and
cozy for Christmas but this here there's
another one engravers we're too small
this here is what I'm thinking of
wearing as part of my outfit for the
premiere on Sunday
this tracker let me know what you think
in the comments
I would put it slap it on shall I show
you
gateway now we put you guys up there
stay there I'm gonna leave on this red
thing even though obviously I want you
wearing a red jumper with it than you
are
so something like this kind of thing
just like a simple a nice little jacket
we finished up all of our shopping guys
we went back to probably in Shawn's
place and just chilled hung out looked
all of this stuff for Poppy's blog post
and seen what we've got what what she
needs to get and everything like that we
think we've sorted two and a half blog
that's my half two and a half blog post
today
poppy coming out around Christmas time
poppy what you doing on Christmas on
your blog she's doing 12 days of
Christmas the twelve days leading up to
Christmas I think it might be every
other everyone that decided to have some
kind that's going to be a lot not just
every Sunday and Wednesday yeah maybe
that Monday to Friday everyday every
week like some kind of yeah it's going
to be a lot of posts around Christmas
time a lot of Christmas Fleet stuff a
lot of us like all hanging out like days
out me and Zoey and mom and it's going
to be good basically we just went back
I've changed into that one of the new
jumpers that I bought today and it looks
literally like the most plain jump in
the world and we're now off to go and
get some sushi which is going to be good
Gabby Zoey hobby
Lucy Lydia and Evan are all literally
like in the restaurant two seconds away
from where we're about to go but they've
already like Saturday will having drinks
everything I just got 20 Zoe so we might
pop in and say hello to them we might
not I don't even know if they're still
there they could have already left by
now
they're all in town hobbies just done
some singing turning on the Christmas
lights imporatant which kinda went
really really good and yeah
Matthew update that's an update so far
and the restaurant is closed we are
closed this evening for a great vegan
challenge papi you're like kind of vegan
you're vegetarian then you weren't even
invited to the vegan challenge
bye well that changes up our plans a
little bit now doesn't it
there is however a better sushi place
apparently around the corner I don't
know the name of that my friend Morgan's
brother once told me about it and
recommended it and I've not yet been
should we try it yeah should I find out
all the Christmas lights fall on look
how festive that looks all right so far
this road doesn't a too promising one a
sushi hunt and
the curry leaf cafe is that on there are
glasses Indian Indian restaurant
hi where's this place survived in
lighting oh I think this was here hey
you must have closed down more not to do
now the two sushi places have closed
fish and chips
thank you so much we've ended up coming
to a Chinese restaurant in a job that I
have been to once before like six years
ago
Drakken an amazing I've always wanted to
come back since nobody likes Chinese II
like trying to make me beg coffee a load
of egg fried rice in here then got some
chicken teriyaki
Bobby's got some prawns with satay is it
good we have finished up our meal we got
what those things called
at the end you have dessert the little
cracker things with the letters in them
what are they called
Chinese are they not Chinese crackers or
something you guys know I mean the
little things when you break through the
cookie fortune cookie that's the one and
I broke it and my one says are you ready
because I'm excited my one's good the
lights looks sick look at that my one
says good news will come to you from far
away now I am actually going to
Singapore with Marcos in like 13 whoa
pick up in like 13 days or something I
might have some good news whilst in
Singapore or good news might come from
far away to me here in Brighton
I don't know papi said except what does
it say except the next promotion
hey this proposition shut up I thought I
said promotion it doesn't say
proposition hahaha I know I said accept
the next promotion you get offered it
says proposition that
rubbish what proposition is that going
to be that someone in the street saying
can I beat you
Amy antenna hope you the best oh it
could be an amazing proposition it could
be to travel the world or something like
that some people you have to accept it
or to get in this taxi is to get in this
taxi then proposition look at that
number blade 33 Ron do you think he's
called Vaughn then he's 33 years old
anyways which is my German taxi I think
all of the others maybe at my house so
I'm going to try and catch them I've got
to nip up his first two yet with the
shopping bags
hey hey you having a good day me yeah
you know Oh that'll be good enough
favors how about we all sing some
Christmas carols together everywhere
yeah that'd be worse look at the festive
lights and I know life I mean that the
same life about five years they actually
have yeah
I have a good eye and shot so good
hi heart oh look at this look at this
see everything alright I'm back home and
evan has never ever had a twiglet before
this is like the most standard like kids
are with your Pat lunchbox fruit no
don't try to time yeah
that's strong mighty no I don't know no
yeah they're not more knowing not
celebrations all of those guys have gone
now literally filmed one clip of them in
the end which was Evan trying a twiglet
because he'd never try one for I bought
Zoe present earlier in town you've
probably already got it I just thought
oh I like death so that I'll get up you
probably already got out we probably
want to go there listen here Joe and
take out the package right you keep guys
close I bet you've already got it I just
thought I like well you have so many
clothes keep your eyes closed
I don't if the prices on that all the
prices on that wait let me rip it off
okay okay yeah
Oh Scott yes who is that
I love this I keep gorgeous I don't have
this it's nice isn't that I love it
did poppy help you no I chose it I
promise you like it it's nice and big
isn't that more cozy I love the colors
enough yeah really nice that would go
with so many things I've got as well
game Zoey and I are gonna play this game
and it is gonna she's just gone a bit
you're gonna say sorry now I have this
gaming and then we'll can dissociate but
it's one of those things we do but no
one else all right
let me put you up here on these eggs if
you don't understand don't worry it's
because we're weird
yay mmm three two one ah right so what
we do is you can either go this way this
way this way or this way and we both
like to mentally tell each other which
way we're going without speaking cheer
for options three two one right three
two one go are we happy nobody would get
better than this I don't even know if
they can see what Hey okay you ready
three two one turn right oh my do this
game is good sometimes we just plug in
were like the game we got this and then
we all go different ways so then we go
by this thing - the same way okay wait
you put me and then think about it right
three two one oh my window again very
good we're not getting very good scores
tonight guys on our game ah that is
about it you have a nice evening
everyone because you you met for drinks
rugerman that and I when I was out for
dinner poppy see you later guys bye
see you later
about you any milk Tyrell 801 some it
right let's go to bed we're very
delirious oh no doctor you haven't no I
literally just now to them watch this
watch this
I knew you go oh I know I just gonna put
it in a bit you're annoying
you're no yang never leave with three
two one wrong way uh-oh it's a boy she's
like Oh guys no we've opened the fridge
which means the guinea pigs they've
already been fed you cheeky boy
you are sucked piggies why do we have
like the most Piggy ish animals that
will just eat no matter what you give
them
you've already been fed today are you
already perfect to do it down get down
how did you get it down to get down good
government get down get down kiddo
the boys watch that's not a wall no no
they're your friends they're your
brothers oh my god
Martha properly tried to eat them no she
did it I swear she did Martha was like
I'll happen it was so funny looking not
really interested in them in that one
her knowledge is known them ever since
she was their size
no but I just thought because Martha's
small that she might be the same no
blame Arthur's like usually like a
hunting dog or whatever they are she is
because she's got like that no she's not
hunting dog she's there to go down holes
to hunt like moles and ferrets or some
of that yeah so I think that's probably
why she was more intrigued in getting
them but I really should be looking for
food I'm going out to eat three hours
before going to bed because Pan is bad
for my chest
should we go to bed I bought lots of
goodies today but three pleasantly van
shoes and there's some clothes for your
brothers premiere on Sunday I bought a
jacket for your brothers premiere on
Sunday missing all right guys I am now
all tucked up into bed on my big old
cheese
not pillow triangular thing that really
isn't very comfortable now only one that
you would have seen in the blog papi and
I tried to get Adele's album turns out
it wasn't out today it was out tonight
I didn't midnight silly Billy thought it
was xx we knew him I 20s notice xx now
is past midnight right I think this day
was the 28th um but is now 27 minutes
past midnight that I'm ending this video
and I'm literally just download in her
album right now like it is download I've
just patched it so don't worry I did
manage to get it in the blog by John to
wait a few hours I've had a lovely day
with my sister and then with the YouTube
B people tonight was nice to briefly see
those guys hope you've had a lovely day
what we've been up to let me know in the
comments what you've been up to today
and let me know if you like the intro
cards and everything like that and yeah
gonna have a fun day tomorrow quite a
busy one but a fun day and is that
everything I've got to say to these guys
thanks for watching your support means a
lot if you haven't subscribed go down
below subscribe already I leave a link
as well to Papi's blog because as you
know today we were shopping for stuff
for her blog post for christmas which a
super excited I know you guys are going
to love them is so like up your street I
don't know is that a normal saying yeah
it goes up your street meaning like you
guys will like it as well so I will
leave a link to that down below I'll put
her link in the top line description so
you can go check her in the description
and yeah did I say give the video a
thumbs if you enjoyed it if you did give
it a thumbs up let's see how many thumbs
up we can get it and I'll catch you
tomorrow
good night guys good
my name
