no no who's that who's this look no no
no oh it's another doggy
she's like nurse no no that's stupid why
do we even have this dad yeah Cheers Joe
about to make a fire would you don't you
know why oh you're even making it into
like a triangle like a fire oh let's not
do that
I see movies though yeah but that's not
very big bit oh that's not a very big
bit of wood this is gonna warm the house
up so nice I just like the smell of it
more than anything we should roast some
marshmallows on there shouldn't we
I don't have any big ones good morning
guys good morning how you doing this
morning I this morning I tweeted saying
good morning guys
which is how I used to start all of my
vlogs and people have been loving it
like the amount of people that have been
like oh my gosh I read this in your
voice also who's been watching my videos
for so long then I used to stop each
video with what's up guys like if you've
been watching since then then you are
thank you thank you thank you for coming
along on this massive journey with me
today's the day guys today is the big
day
or you're gonna find out which country
I'm going on holiday with with my friend
Jesse my friend Holly and my friend Jay
they have no idea where they go in the
only thing I told them to do is meet me
at the airport at a certain time and
pack for a hot country that is it other
than that they have no idea and they
have no idea what we're getting up to
that we've got some sick stuff
wait I've got some sick stuff land and
it like is back to back back to back
like busy we're gonna be doing tons of
cool stuff just having so much fun just
having like a holiday with my school
friends and it's gonna be cool like I've
found it all I've booked it oh and it's
anyways we need to head to turn now
because I need to buy some new shorts
because I don't think I have I don't
have any short so I think I have one
pair of shorts that I'm gonna bring
their the genes that were jeans and I
cut them into shorts myself and other
than that I don't have any shorts so I
need to try and buy some although I am
aware that it is November in the UK I
mean not in the UK just in general you
know I've just had like a double or
triple coffee and then you can tell I'm
extremely hyper we need to head to town
now I've been on my emails all day so
far today cracking on trying to get
everything done it's currently 127 in
the afternoon so lunchtime and I'm
getting picked up at 5:30 to go to the
airport so I have four hours now it's 28
four hours and two minutes to get
everything yo like I need to stop
vlogging I need to get going first most
important to buy in town it was meant to
be shorts and t-shirts but I'm kind of
thinking camera equipment comes first
the first thing I need at the new GoPro
maybe a new one of these as well and my
camera on this camera I'm currently
filming on
cheers thank so much thank you yeah that
was efficient literally just grabbed Oh
Oh green man green man just grabbed a
new one of these in case this one breaks
wasps were away and a new GoPro you'll
see why I need the GoPro once we get
there if I've got one shot to get some
clothes it's in here but it says winter
collection on no perfect thank you the
man who is working behind the tail
I didn't ask his name but he said that
his daughters are big fans if you're
watching and your dad works and pegs at
Suns and thank you for watching the
videos just got all of my stuff let's do
two shots BAM done although actually
there's a currency exchange place here I
should probably change some money up
someone is jamming out hey over there
when people are playing like that just
so infectious like everyone walking past
was just smiling and so happy and like
stop in or taking pictures and like
there's two people just taking some time
out of their day to bring their guitars
down and a mic and jam along and a bit
of money it's so much more than just the
money that they earn like everyone that
walks past thousands of people within
those couple of hours or however long
they're there they're like lifting
everyone's mood up but that's what
people need you know
just smash so much work in the emails
and sorting out with your camera
equipment that I need for this trip and
now I'm heading back home I've got about
an hour and a half until my driver picks
me up to take me to the airport starting
at the bottom now my socks t-shirts
shorts shorts yeah this is gonna take a
while guys all of my bags are packed
Holly's just arrived I'm doing the last
final bit so I come to close in my case
but I feel like I haven't packed the
right stuff I'm nervous but you don't
even know where we're going so I can't
be nervous about backing the wrong stuff
because you don't even know where you're
packing for listen they're all I packed
is thick coats underlaying
ah I'm delay like ski thermals what just
in case you don't like the only clue I
told these guys is hot hot weather that
glue is real or not is a whole nother
thing he excited what's going on in here
getting their nails done I've been so
rush trying to get ready for this this
18-hour flight we've got 18 hour flight
big loop the loop back lands lands back
in Plymouth I'm gonna miss you so much
goodbye farewell see you soon farewell
say bye perfect it's got it all good
excited nervous scared
what's your not a prediction what kind
of holiday do you think we're doing
someone activities because I can't
imagine you just Texas a little round
beach no harp relaxing holiday
yeah that's true Holly's trying to look
for clues as we're pulling in thank you
you ready you ready come on let's go
we're gonna miss the flight
quick go hurry up oh you guys look the
others aren't here yet and honey it's
time to look for clues there are so many
different like I know what I'm talking
about different like brands of airline
also guys I couldn't fit my wash bag
into my hand luggage so I've just
attached it to the side I hope they
don't mind okay where should we wait for
them the other two are taking so long
they're meant to be here at 7:00 it's
currently 7:20 and they're still 10-15
minutes away
we're just sitting here waiting and I'm
not letting Polly look at any signs that
say what's five minutes yeah the board
is there but we're just too far away no
no it's going to be a lot colder where
we're going than it is here
have you got a coat with you that's the
only jacket you've got with you yes oh
bloody hell bloody ell Paul he's trying
to look at with the board's to see if
she can see the take-off no honey don't
Holly no there is a bad boy how's it
going Jesse's finally here the group is
all together Oh everyone wearing denim I
didn't get the memo
okay we've got some boarding passes
there's yours Jay there's yours yeah
is that good place as I get that's the
flight number times checking our luggage
I've somehow got the biggest bag I did
not think I'd have the biggest bag
where's that dog with the size of
Jessie's there's and thanks so much you
guys look like twins having to buy some
sunglasses because I left all of mine at
home I didn't even think about them yeah
just grab some snacks but heading up to
the Emirates lounge yeah yeah they got
showers she just said so we've just got
to embrace lounge now yeah that is a
very posh snack Jay Jay has got the most
push portion of fruit up at the scene
sushi here there's ents here if it's
beers guy next to me there's got a roast
dinner
Yorkshire pudding
whilst we're here now Eton I'll give you
day ones itinerary of what we're doing
just when we land so I mean lad it's
8:00 in the morning yeah there's a
reason yeah you need to sleep a lot
that's right about five times now he's
more like guys you need to dip in the
plane sleep on the plane okay this is
designer day one of the most showed day
or it is and it's still gonna know this
is that way the most your day okay
I'm pretty sure it's still like non-stop
that time wise we're doing it and out
like straight off the wheel and we're
going we need to drop it straight to the
hotel we got a car hey thanks so much
yeah so I thought I'd looked us all
aisle seats turned I didn't max any but
the apps you offers it and got us the
two middle Z's then the two middle seats
luckily chaise screen on here wasn't
working so they gave us two aisles at
the back completely to ourselves so we
find the worst seats on the blame to
have in two seats each I'm selling the
end of an aisle here with no one here
and we've no one there to change their
lives there and I just go to the toilet
with Jesse sitting there just take it
off there are six hours and twelve
minutes until we land and when we land
into the next day I'm fully aware that I
haven't even told you where we're going
yet so you're gonna have to wait till
tomorrow to find out if you're excited
for the trip give the video a thumbs up
I'll catch you in the morning I need to
go to sleep literally so six hours till
we land
okay
