my name is good morning guys it is about
11 o'clock in the morning I had a big
line because as you know last night I
ordered a pizza at one o'clock in the
morning it arrived a half bus run in the
morning and Zoey and I ended up just
staying awake watching TV and chatting
it about half-past two so I kind of just
woke up at 10 o'clock today a nice big
lion woke up with incredible chest pains
which means that I'm still ill still not
getting better but I've got a doctor's
appointment tomorrow I'm about starting
a new daily vlog which I am so excited
to do because this will be the first
daily vlog back since since I got ill
which is crazy
I've got a little helper with me today
during the daily vlog and I miss yet
every little pop pop look at this look
at this little Christmas jumper will you
even lick in another wheel again just
literally nothing just look in the Dubey
all right cool yeah you do that one
alright I'm all dressed and showered and
it is a horrible let listen
finally we're picking you the window can
you hear that
it is chucking it down with rain today
I'm about to go outside now - Oh
someone's at the door who's at the door
about to come out
got a little Christmas hat one gonna go
hey that's I was just saying hello
she doesn't care like what do you like
my Christmas hat I did we're gonna wear
it to Nando's we've just got to bowling
guys only I think did you get fair I
think Holly's feed me the moment I
started off oh this is our little spare
video is that what you just did she
started off with a bloomin spare
I'm looking at my third my fourth go and
you got five down I've got like a really
weird combination I've got two on one
side and one on the other you can't
really even see it if I get them all
Polly's going to Bowl her next Bowl
backwards
I nearly hit it do not drop this outfit
I know what I need I need a strong ah
and the final scores Alfie 114 Hollie
with 87 I'm back from Bolin Zoe's trying
to make Katy making it really happened
I'm Batman rolling guys I beat Holly I
also had a burger and some chips as you
saw protein from and we're back play
what you've definitely meant about hey
game that isn't some made-up is it cool
oh I drop summers laptop it's called an
Obama llama have no idea he sent it to
Zoey in the peer box we've also got a
ton of snacks Mariah Carey wait what is
this game you're gonna be useful all
right yeah no no no but what do we do
there's different categories yeah so you
either have to describe something so how
would you describe Stevie Wonder as
scared of thunder do describe it no but
no but if you're looking at that and
you've got to describe it to your team
so you could say black blind singer fine
Motown singer doesn't like it when it's
noisy outside outside and the weather is
okay and then you have to write so
that's the describe it card
yeah then you've got the solve it cards
which is the riddle so Scottish morning
TV host is making a wobbly pudding
Lorraine Kelly is making jelly Wow yeah
yeah then you've got rhyming pear-cut
well then you've got act it so you've
got to tink our moves I'm howling at the
meat I'm not doing that what you have to
act
Tutankhamun I'm bending a spoon
so um how would you how would you even
do to chink our moon I don't know like
an impending a spoon that means like
because you could be like they're
spending your spoons
then they're like bending is yeah yeah
so you must be something that rhymes it
better move spoon and then you'd be like
I'll me I don't know how like a mummy
come in nice this game I think I think
it'll be good once we all get the flow
of it and we start understanding how to
do it so then we're saying the SS go
last for now understand the concept
don't tell Matt be a mama out the rod my
oh my who's your team my team your gal
is a girl's best boys you're gonna do
useful goddess here got a good challenge
coming out hope he's gonna be terrible
of this I'm also going to be terrible
pop you're gonna be so bad at this game
right let's play the tape about it every
day hope you're gonna be so bad why act
out Tutankhamen bending a spoon no quick
tutankhamun bending a spoon go ha ha
where was the bending a spoon you know
what is that big thing you just guys my
name is Zoe yeah that's the Christmas
pudding
hopping back to Christmas Eve let's
laugh no let's just black wait you're
not offering back so deadly no Christmas
theme look Christmas in little danger
I don't know are they all actors okay
Rachel from a friend's treating you how
are we sharing this right we're about to
play this game by what was that one
Rodney Rodney trotters brother don't
even if that is oriental cabbage okay
boys let's go boy yeah my joy wait how
are we doing this isn't it made without
a point game okay everyone just shouting
out the answers Great British Bake Off
judge in a Bombay movie come on poppy
you can get there Great British Bake Off
judge in a Mary Barry
let's just get mum stop saying it now
you've already set the on Sonny was is
it okay in Bollywood
Bobby literally just got told it my
mama's still condesa I'm very very fairy
feet female and this is only Poppy's
yeah that's easy
yeah preparing jumping parasites for the
circuit please Shawn we said don't guide
them boys that what is it but Lester you
know there is still another tree am I
gonna know this one
you should okay spider-man's girlfriend
and redhead star of easy a and the help
has worked her elbow oh and for help has
worked her elbow and isn't laughing oh
my gosh why right do not tell me this
one Emma Stone whacked her elbow isn't
funny but yeah y'all Groundhog Day in
ghostbusters
consuming an ice cream from McDonald's
what's in someone slow yet mum stop
saying hot be on sir sorry Nick Regan so
marie-laure mom you are the war yes
again Simon Says om so Mari McFlurry
lift each up skeet no don't boy carry on
Oh
Reese Witherspoon I'm astronaut walk it
under there oh hi great go Sean x1 it's
been an eight-oh is that got there oh my
god
very good I think the boys are losing so
far no no you go oh we are we're drawing
having a man named candy in the candy
Sam hey I don't know the lost art of it
try try you don't know what I meant
try and I don't know what the devil or
not knowing what it means feeling Randy
but show the family my new video or
nearly leaked it on the screen video my
new video coming out on Sunday I'm going
to film their reaction but Mutis that
you guys don't know what it is good how
sick is that it's cool isn't it
EP head shriek and put you out to the
toilet she can take you out to the
toilet
twizzle your ear off Oh scratch fall off
no Devon no you're mentally coming
outside to the toilet come on come on
baby let's go to bed come on you can
sleep in our bed tonight come on come
here bedroom mummy and daddy for some
reason nyla doesn't want to go up to of
it tonight she's just standing her own
but don't really know why shortly she
would drive up coming us from Zoe and I
then being a bed downstairs by herself
but it doesn't seem so tonight I'm gonna
end the vlog now thank you so much for
watching today and thank you so much for
this born yesterday's vlog it was the
first video that I put up since I've
been feeling well enough to do videos
again and the support has been crazy and
just overwhelming as always so thank you
so much I'm vlogging in the bathroom the
camera just died if you joined the video
give it a thumbs up I'll catch you
tomorrow cuts it died again including
ice skating so I'll catch you tomorrow
cool which is lovely of her but I mean
they don't look the best nice or will
not rather meant to be
