good morning guys I am fat blog in I'm
still not feeling 100% but I'm back blog
in which is good just bear with me for
the next couple of days while some
feeling a little bit not energetic for
these vlogs but thank you so much for
sticking by and still waiting for these
videos even though I've had a couple of
days off and this morning Zoe and I just
make us some pancakes ain't we Zoe and I
yeah oh wait sorry I'm my date basically
me and Maddie are making the pancakes
hey Maddie did go and get the milk of
you know it's always making pancakes on
I'm just about to leave now
I just flipped it look how good this
looks these are from Jamie on Jamie
Oliver's website and they're meant to
look like where's the picture like this
look how delicious they look do you know
what this is though honestly that is
that done on the bottle oh my god
if you think it's done all the way
through yeah it's gonna be the best
flippin light to flip pancake
I'm sitting so thick I'm like last night
look at it that's the best pancake I've
ever made and I just made it you did not
the actual pancake frozen so annoyed I'm
joking I check it sorry user even had to
like and whisk the egg egg whites I just
we speak wait man you're about to leave
you're gonna eat a lot of these or
you're just getting carried away now I
mean I might just have to make them and
then look at this though oh man look at
that that is a good pancake look at that
yeah that's a really good pancake
well done pat on the shoulder I wish
you're eating them so no we don't we
have to be basically I play I've got a
ton of meetings and that exciting
merchandise stuff at 11 o'clock and it
is 20 lookit look I didn't know you can
see this hand moving
can you guys see that anyways guys as I
was saying we have to be at my office
from a meeting at eleven o'clock so we
don't actually have time to eat these
which is annoying
you ready yeah oh nice
yummy yummy these are quick as well well
I hope they're cooked through the middle
why don't we do this every morning
tonight
that's a fat one though that's gonna
have to cook for a while a little push
down no Tony I feel like I put too much
mixture and I definitely American style
though aren't they
they're like IHOP pancakes often they'll
be a bit tasted in on out pancakes yeah
- right - right Missy head I will see
you later on okay just finished up to
massive meetings Zoey has just rung me
now Ben Alfie are we gonna have lunch
together even though it's 3 p.m. we
didn't end up having breakfast together
this morning we had to leave before and
then now we've just ordered lunch so
that we can take it back Maddie still
here by the way so that we can take it
back and have lunch with her about to go
pick it up from The Breakfast Club I
kind of had to go I don't know how it's
going to be in my chest not being very
well for the kind of ordered pancakes
maple Sarah Baker I just ordered
delicious looking food I just remembered
though because I just saw her here I've
seen one of these in ages because I've
been in America and the only one I have
is in my office here that have got
blooming calendar hour and I one of you
just tweeted me now the very first
person I just retweeted I've ever seen
saying Alfie
your calendars just arrived so they've
started arriving at people's houses
already which is awesome if you didn't
know look at this
although someone kind of spilt teal but
Zoe said it's banana all over my
calendar then how you can spill banana
but someone has this is an official
pointlessblog 2016 calendar calendar I
just finished up a merchandise b10 that
is so exciting about future stuff come
home oh I need to show something you
just living for that
my back pocket Sunday and future stuff
let's hope you didn't see that sneaking
around there yeah do you want to grab a
calendar I'll put a link down below in
the description
in fact who's ring-a-ding a me who is it
poppin days would like to FaceTime hello
I am um that plug it right guys wait one
minute pot and NEP on the side she gets
so annoyed when I put her on the side
what the mmm office just finished my
meeting I'm not coming to your house and
batch of lunch was all your Maddy
guess what happen we're having breakfast
club yeah no vodka figured out ah
focuses should not speaking right it
goes guys I'm gonna go now I'm feeling a
little bit more energized although my
chest is still really really not good
I've got Doc's pudding on Thursday now
to go over Thursday morning you're gonna
get it checked and see if it's getting
any better and stuff like that but yeah
I'm going to hit off now I'm gonna head
back home go grab the food I catch you
in a bit
very very very very very successful
merchandise meeting really exciting
stuff coming soon and oh my gosh are you
ready for it's coming in December and
then little one lunch is here
are you ready why have you been so late
to lunch why so late yeah we've been
waiting for you moving my hours for you
what you didn't go through your peer box
bloomin net you guys have sent her a lot
of stuff that is the cutest autumn chill
a bag off no love you see this
look at that Nala it looks like it's
just
allard not why litter looks like it says
island in the camera good
our best what is that library fragrance
as I mentioned there um spy whale if I'm
watching Muppets Christmas Carol yeah as
I mentioned the gingerbread scent they
said after your very kind words about
honeysuckle and peony back in July I
actually briefed a perfumer in New York
to create a bespoke fragrance for you no
way Christmas so much my brief Tim was
to create something that mrs. Claus
might wear on date night
no no it's a blend of sweet spices woods
white flowers that's so cool
that's in cardamom I really hope you
enjoy it came with a syringe mojo but
also I could so I could try and I have
to say I love it I think it's crazy
comforting and yes little bit for you
all at once he's not straight in the lid
well little over right you ready yeah my
name is Rick right in the lid just put
it on me oh that is nice
likes fatten spicy that's so good
oh I'm gonna treasure this fun fur hats
come and smell this bespoke Christmas
perfume made for sorry that mrs. Claus
would wear oh that's so good is that
guys please YouTube if you're watching
this can you invent something so that I
can let my audience smell through the
that is actually so good I'm sorry guy
is amazing right we need to try this on
camera try it it is insane try it
I had a sip was it this salted caramel
so getting I don't even like salted
caramel Oh have you tried this money no
no Maddie hasn't tried it yet Maddie try
yeah we share Jones we don't
ha isn't that good oh my gosh and Zoe's
baked cookies where are they yeah where
are these cookies I'm not even allowed
chocolate guys because of my chest
I'll explain later on Ross why I've been
ill and everything and I still AM and
but oh my gosh I was just bake cookies
and check these out this this still
warms RA no way there's chunks of Oreo
in ere can I have one of them can I can
I see here over do it he did it he
actually better write my pancakes
sausage bacon and potato then I've got
scrambled egg then I've also got some
chicken which I did have a bite job
that's not some random person bit it and
then here maple syrup oh my gosh
look at this yo yo yo
Maddie's gone home and it is time to sit
down and watch some TV if this little
butt head here what are we watching at
the moment is Tarzan is on which I
literally cannot watch Tarzan whoa this
quality let's wigs I've got my hello oh
look what's on what Oh 6:15 also we have
been addicted to Sky Christmas which is
basically a Christmas Channel that's it
that's all it shows is Christmas off as
I was saying and ties our reminds me of
Louie cold so much in an hour I'm six
are you excited
can we actually like Paul you just
sleepy like Christmas pajamas on and
like properly cozy up and watch elf like
properly
you just ruined all the sod I'm told
them yeah you didn't hear that did you
have to film a video before it comes on
an hour yeah
you've already done your having
everything what was my voice our this
yeah then that's enough time push out
push out hey do you want to show them
your Christmas jumper good your little
turtleneck turnout
she looks really regal your long little
neck grumpy head no right while you're
at it a white look at this it says Merry
Christmas thank you that is Noah sausage
head she's like nice things it's a teeny
bit long but it fits her around here she
said leave me alone sorry no cute she's
tired you have a sleep I have no idea
what this Christmas film is oh I paused
it Baxton it is called the magic
reindeer it is so cute if you haven't
seen already guys I've been like
watching it was watching YouTube it is
at the same time and but it's so sweet I
love animated Chris is it too early to
be watching Christmas films ready
because OE and I literally just watching
them constantly the moment also I feel
like I should update you on why I
haven't been vlogging at the moment and
let you know what's been going on so as
you know I went to Ohio last week to go
and save Roman awkward Brit and Kane and
I had an amazing time like such a good
time over there as you saw the videos
and stuff like that and then when I woke
up on the last day I started feeling
really really ill like my stomach like
he had just below my ribs really hurt
like and when I say really how I mean
like also it looks like I'm bored I'm
not born of soaking my hair it's just
back it really really hurt like crazy
I never even experienced pain like this
before but it only started hurting like
the majority of it was when I was in the
airport on the way back I was literally
sitting on the floor like cold up like
this like texting Zoe like don't know
how I'm going to be able to make this
flight Zoe I'm in so much pain
and anyways obviously I lasted the
flight because I'm here now and I'm
below
again and I slept the whole way back
sitting up because sitting up I just
felt like it was better for me than
lying down and as soon as I landed back
in the UK I went straight from the
airport and London Heathrow straight to
the doctor's my mum bought me an
appointment for in the morning when I
landed and I basically found out what
they think it is my acid reflux which is
what the issues that I have my chest
before and that this is basically where
your stomach acid comes out of your
stomach and up your esophagus and just
burns it basically oh the acid that
breaks down your food and everything in
your stomach just burns all of this pipe
here and it's just been doing that
constantly before it only ever burnt and
hurt when I was eating now it's just
blooming going crazy for the last week
or so so today is the first day that
I've like properly got out of bed since
being back from Ohio so that's why I'm
only vlogging today and that's why I've
had a few days off so I hope you fully I
hope you understand it doesn't mean that
it's pretty better today like it still
hurts a lot feel like I've lost a bit of
weight from not eating which isn't good
um because especially because I was just
I just started working out quite
frequently and I wanted to start eating
more and I wanted to get back into the
gym and stuff and now I've lost weight
and now a greedy hurts when I eat and it
just really hurts all the time so I'm
kind of on I'm on a new medicine for it
which is good and I'm on like five times
the amount that I was originally
prescribed of a new medicine so
hopefully things will will be getting
better I've got an appointment on
Thursday so the day after you're
watching this at the doctor's to go and
have like a check and talk about how
it's going and everything but currently
it's just bloomin painful you know like
it just it hurts so much all of the time
now like even that her oh I just thought
I'd update you and what is going on
while I was there why I had a few days
off and I really really really
appreciate you watching this and
understanding why I had a few days off
and stuff guys Zoe's just come
downstairs just all Christmas
in pajamas and I've just been asleep on
the sofa literally just fell asleep
like I feel out of it feels spaced out
I'm not used to this daily vlogging look
at this backdrop look how festive that
is focus look a lot I'm gonna use this
daily vlogging thing yet again I've
forgotten how to do it so you can have
to bear with me today it would seem as
though I may need to get myself some
Christmas pajamas because OE has
Christmas pajamas Nala has Christmas
outfits I do not yet Christmas outfits
do you want to show them what I'm
wearing sorry since I don't have my own
Christmas pajamas yet I'm going to but
not yet this is a sure sign that you
need Zoey has lent me some of hers which
is lovely of her but I mean they don't
look the best nice or not whether meant
to be now to have to hide this look at
them
you got some ankle swingers going on
there Alfie so I like the little bow
look at the hem for them look at them it
is actually supposed to be cropped but
cropped on me not is anyway show them
mine wait let me just put my slippers on
we're going to have a festive evening
despite the fact that my belly button is
out and I've got my ankles out as well
look at it okay look at Zoey's always
looks so much better than mine my little
Santa tee look at these and then we've
got this blanket here which you know is
my favorite you can show them your
outfit as well Missy I've already shown
them your one I have I love my favorite
Christmas thing I bought this year that
is yes ridiculously but it is a big old
deep don't touch that oh I like these
though I like the detail on here this
really something wow it's aw yeah oh my
gosh is not it can I get them in fit
just a fix
should I just get the same as you let
just freak sighs yeah you should where
are they from these are from Cascades
dead right I'm gonna look at my hair
what's something in my shoe you want
your foot in there ha ha ha ha funny I'm
me right yeah these are from new look if
anyone is let's kind of a this kind of a
movie night wait I'm watching help oh my
gosh the blooming cop has a hat her cop
has a hat look at it time turn off the
lights
get it all festive up in here let's
close this door don't any gremlins
getting in
you ready dollar got the peppermint tea
oh I haven't got any peppermint tea
would be so good for your chest as well
I don't know why no peppermint either
one a peppermint or spearmint is good
and ones bad I call him - teas that have
both in I don't know that's fine come
here give me a cuddle let's watch this I
quite like this I mean you haven't
watched this film have you Despicable Me
Oh the inside the head one no I did I
haven't even led oh I preordered out on
DVD
I watched 15 minutes of it on the plane
one cup when to the end credits Ron Oh
so was it good was Ron donate I was
asleep
yeah were you digging you dig your
mummys bum oh she had a feather in her
in her mouth Gibby I yeah you fella
that's good focus cannon thank you so
much what are you doing just trying to
make area very good can you pass me my
team oh just as I start filming you're
serious I'll get it I'll do if you want
me to I know you're needy squishing on a
little baby I got it sorry it might have
cooled down this one is for fast asleep
you should be a little trimming no way
it won't be cooled down because you
compliment hot on your car I'll be like
wearable wearable wearable drinkable oh
you're an idiot then go on you you're
you're an actual idiot
don't worry is wearable I aren't you
preparing it now thanks oh it's all over
my arm oh zone Allah oh it's oh oh oh
guy it's not actually that hot anymore
no but now it's gonna stain that
probably oh yeah right just be aware
yo mug of tea I taste horrible just be
aware of go mug of hot tea P okay right
we're about to press play my bloomin the
whole back is exposed so cuz I'm wearing
a blooming crop top oh that is strong
because you left the tea back in for
eight hours
human edit the teabag out we breathe why
is this crop top is all in the wrong
place it just doesn't feel right yeah I
can't even put it down because blemings
so low we haven't yet press play can I
try and handle this and go on so it's
like does it look like I'm Santa Claus
not quite yeah that looks better
haha right we need to press play on elf
we've literally paused it your
up again but 39 minutes yeah but most of
that you were upstairs trying to flick
your job trying to bloom in fit on a
crop top
Sri Brisbane oh no whoa it's all down
here whose office it is feel well new
brand new pyjamas and we just said about
how nice and soft there I'm sorry I wash
them for you
I will write L I don't even I have to
use a washing machine
I'm joking I do I do it Oh wet oh no oh
yeah Papa elf
it's gonna tell us a story
give me your favorite alpha claim that's
my reindeer quote my favorite rain there
was no
three jobs why not hey hold on forgive
me your favorite elf boy mm I'm a no so
I kind of just fell asleep downstairs
didn't even end up watching literally
more than 10 minutes of elf just like
the first moment I learn it obviously I
know what happened but tonight I have no
idea what happened because I fell asleep
before he had just got to New York one
of her sleep anyways and now who tucked
up into bed I've got this lovely thing
that I should show you it's so
comfortable
I'll jealous are you on a scale of 1 to
10 solid you turn a solid 10 jealous so
because my acid reflux it is better for
me to sleep like never take it no not
nothing wrong elevated elevated not
limited that mean I'm floating basically
I have this lovely pillow that if you
can see this thing here that's like that
so it basically makes me like this so
this is me laying down now and I'm
literally not laying down at all because
I'm on some bloomin block of cheese in
my sleep so I don't get to lay down flat
anymore in bed which is really really
nice really really comfy it feels really
really nice got a bit of a dilemma it's
currently 10 minutes past 12:00 in the
evening and I've just seen I've just
seen a picture of a pizza on Twitter and
now I just can't stop thinking about
pizza I really really want to order a
pizza
but it's 12 o'clock at night I should
just sleep yo guys look what I just got
oh my gosh
alright guys I'm gonna head to see now
thank you so much for watching today I'm
sorry again that it was a little bit
slow and that I didn't do anything like
exciting in it and stuff but I'm still
not feeling 100% and I'm just getting
back into the loop of vlogging and
everything again and promise you I'll
make tomorrow fun I've just ordered some
really really cool stuff for some future
daily blogs that should be arriving in
about five days and on Thursday and
you're a really excited my sister so
that would be a good blogger Thursday
would you get back into the swing of
things again you know and hopefully I'll
start feeling a little bit better soon
just smashed half of that pizza Zoey
also had a slice of work co-op aside
sorry it's half-assed one in the one
enjoy some pizza anyways give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs before you're glad that I'm back
blogging and stuff thank you guys so
much if you're a new subscriber or older
subscribe or whatever if you subscribe
thank you so much it means a lot to me
and I'll catch you tomorrow with a new
date abroad catch you tomorrow
I let me know to say that I'll see you
then good night what is that
yeah go get that what when hang now
