good morning guys it is another
beautiful day today in Ohio I'm just
lifting up I don't even have this is how
you meant to do that blinds I'm sorry if
it is not it is an absolutely stunning
day I kind of should have bought
sunglasses it's that nice I mean look at
the Sun and the clouds it is also
ridiculously windy like a woke up
thinking that I was in a tornado or
something like that
listen can you hear that the actual
house is moving but the actual house
itself is physically like shaken it is
crazy I've never experienced wing like
this because all of our houses in the UK
look um I have just got a shower and
they've dried it yet all of our houses
in the UK like connected together or
like the vast majority of them actually
saying that our house isn't connected to
the neighbours but I guess they're so
close that the wind can't really build
up because we hit so many houses rather
than here this house is in the middle of
nowhere so I look at the bench out there
just swinging around
it's crazy look at that tree if you come
over from Romans channel I just want to
say thank you so much in the last like
24 hours I've gained something like 36
thousand subscribers and that is just
unbelievable I hope you're having a
lovely day watching and I just my brain
36,000 of you that is ridiculous that
could like fill out Madison Square
Garden twice twice in one day you
soldiers crazy so thank you so much for
supporting and I hope you enjoy the
videos I hope you enjoy what I make man
this son is crazy and yeah I think it's
time for us to go downstairs go get some
breakfast I wonder what we're having
today because so far I've had gravy and
biscuits one day and the day before I
had sausage and maple syrup two things
I've never had before
all this place is awesome this is like
straight exactly what I thought it would
man did you nail that one special rule
the entire thing up there is not like
railed off so please don't just go
running about remain at the top step
until I'm trying to get you clipped in
all right so you can already tell guys
we are about to cuz it lining I look
awesome this is so cool this is the
first one like a test 200 footer yeah
this one's ready a small one and then we
never do it if like - how is your
something yes we carry on and then we
going up to like 1030
are you ready leave baby I love you
like this one is absolutely massive so
she needs a push on the second side of
this yes indeed yes gone brightly right
back
gone is secured my I want to be able to
film more but it's so hard because you
have to use both hands and these massive
gloves so I can't really hold a camera
and do at the same time we've just done
one that's ended in a little cave it's
so cool isn't it yeah and so we were
like this close to not come in because
of Roman changing his trousers like ten
times
he is ridiculous he comes out with like
black trousers on guys I'm going to
change comes out with black trousers
with like the tiniest amount of green on
them that's like that's all your water
in your house there water guys I don't
know if this is normal for you this is
definitely not it's a well in their
garden or their yard that's what the
house waters when you shower you get a
glass of water pretty but you don't even
need glasses you guys talking about this
is not your house water down there and I
said we really missed we're nearly late
here and missed it because you change in
these like twelve times
why couldn't the side one had an itchy
spot
yeah Oh a she's stuck out there
oh my gosh you know me like I want to
stop I can't even talk
this platform so wobbly look at this
next one
Oh sick just finish up the last one
which came over the top of this water
here
it was so sec who's this coming down now
is this Brett
she's gonna regret that she's gonna get
so suck ha ha James did better than you
do
ha ha ha I tried to go lying down to the
side this slowed me so much down so I'd
like rule myself in what's the furthest
somebody'd ever get stuff that's why we
taught you guys to like the gravity will
didn't even have to push early about
Nikki whoa yeah all right
Roman yes what's a few words man I just
want to thank everybody
ha ha ha yeah last but not least Alfie
guys were a lot of fun thank you all so
much
we finished up the ziplining so sick so
so good and now we're having a debate
about people's gurkinn's because we call
them Guardians these guy call them
nipples although I suppose it is because
we call them pickled gherkins and
apparently and you guys already can tell
a little stupid for not knowing this
what are you doing she's buttering the
horn brain I don't even know corn brains
either Roman might kill you fill out but
this looks like a dessert this looks
like like sugary it's warning arm it's
not it's not gone it's not made from
real fire well we know Isaac cool cool
available we don't know that
from wait let's step out with the pig
toys with the pickles apparently pickle
is a cucumber
yeah that's pickled yeah
course that's blown my brain I didn't
ever know that why'd it what do you
think about why they like bumpy dead man
there's all types of different ways to
pickle things they know like never
there's no there's no decay come let's
google it right now really I'm looking
on Google Images by the way at pictures
what a pickle a small cucumber preserved
and vinegar told you vinegar why are
they spicy why they bumpy oh boy because
when they're little they're bumpy and as
they get bigger than me oh I have no
idea what's going on oh try this right
try that one example corn bread one row
and why is this butter like clotted
because it's fake as hell who try that
should this one yeah it's so damp that's
insane you can just eat that hoping that
showgirl creators nice show bad laughing
mmhmm yeah of course that is wholly
wrong how is this I guess what slippery
Jimmy bump hey dum-dums ah ha ha ha
Roman is a slippery pickle hey come on
bumpy because otherwise they need some
slippery
you'd never get him out of the jar
they got purposely make them Bombay
genetics dude ah they can make dinosaurs
they can make pickles this is like the
kind of is like desert this is on the
desert before your food yeah thank you
so much sweet barbecue really mild stuff
that's what's on your ribs and in the
spice sees the accent one or a little
more pop anything else we don't know
well this is perfect
oh wow maybe these are smoked cheers
mother smoked let's judge them your way
to you taste these are they smoke it's
just sweet it's like candy everything
else that's very sweet
we've just war we just put it over here
and literally you can see this bottoms
on thunder oh my gosh okay guys so let
me put on the light was this looks even
bloomin scarier here we go so apparently
we just have another way back now from
the restaurant identity you guys are
joking with me what you guys are joking
with me
well this moseys is apparently where
people start later Hawking right why we
turn all the lights on right this is
Hocking Hills this is like so this is
like a famous place where big fish bite
should we go out and hunt and we got a
gun on us I don't think this is nice fun
yeah you know this is a nice one I
remember that that dirt man was not
there so this isn't it obviously you
haven't seen him before
what well get out my car no this isn't
really this isn't the right spot I feel
like that's the hot oh my
yeah you want more blood yeah let's go
to the house come on let's go let's go
good good good let's leave the car here
you would get shy are you waiting
America you're allowed to shoot people
on people's land
not just America but where we're at like
everybody's waiting for somebody to come
in your house let's do it let's go up
top as well stop and girl oh my gosh
that's so scary
okay why don't we just go up into those
woods are we gonna get shot
you'd probably shout out is there anyone
coming oh yeah yeah yeah there is
someone coming we didn't see him guys oh
sure hahaha so we didn't end up finding
Bigfoot in the end I think I got lied to
I don't think that's where Bigfoot lives
or he's been seen Kane and I have been
playing some game catching an octopus in
this net for the last like half an hour
so yo check out your new snapchat photo
bro oh is that my snapchat how did you
even get into that left it open oh I
gotta watch it how do you see it this
one look out look out gangster that is
these guys are live over here Brits
making what do you make in cupcakes
I don't know I don't even know how you
make cupcakes Roman and I doing the cane
dance challenge they don't want the kid
dances they don't know what it is no
sirs this never ensured your audience
know my line is this yours doesn't if
you just sent me so many new subscribers
they've got a majority of my audience
I'm not giving up right I'm gonna put
you guys down here we're gonna do a
dance quit the cane dance challenge I
don't know if there's a set routine for
how many pieces you do per every guy Oh
we'll try to imitate hey do you want to
come do it with us
you
the donkey kick oh we've been using this
thing you guys have seen me using videos
before the TENS machine and we've been
playing Jenga we've been doing some
drawings just and it's all it's all in
Romans blog so make sure you go check it
out I'll leave a link down below to
Roman stuff that's quite good one see
how high you can build one one would be
a kernel one it's so hard right so since
that thing didn't know you can't even
see me didn't work out I've got
something else in my bag that I showed
you when I was leaving to come here and
I haven't yet used it and that is the
bean boozled challenge I nearly fell
down the stairs that would have been
good I feel like I did like the like a
bean boozled thing ages ago either in a
second channel video on this channel or
in a gaming video of some sort but it
wasn't it didn't have all like the
spinner and everything Oh have you guys
seen this I have never seen there's a
ton of flavor genuine I don't even like
jelly beans do you I don't either you
like jelly beans I I don't mind I'm a
little one here like jelly bean I hate
on us gusting so there's a couple of
flavours there is Eva stinky socks or
tutti-fruitti and they look identical
lawn clippings or lime rotten egg or
buttered popcorn Oh paste or berry blue
vomit or peach canned dog food
oh no chocolate pudding booger or juicy
pear baby wipes or coconut and they look
the same and then you just have to guess
what you just ate you will know
instantly there's not gonna be a guesser
which you're going to be delicious or
literally disgusting
we put you guys on a tripod and we're
just gonna play it I have never done
this yeah no no he's got fast Oh what's
the rolls you can't spit out can't spit
I'll have to eat it you have to swallow
it you have to swallow it zero yeah
all right you're going fast all right it
was you gonna yeah okay so just spin
this little fancy wheel here is it
really should we leave it up I'm gonna
get it to spin just flick air okay ready
blue say blue is either toothpaste or
berry black that's not that's great just
pick a blue one so that's like oh that's
like winners when a winner a good doctor
guess now you're nobody's gen-y it's
berry blue yeah awesome
or it's no if you know vomit flavor by
organ xed I really like it I'm really
not like it green lawn clippings or lime
oh that's good to know the clippings is
not good if it's better than vomit or
baby diaper poo yo nice definitely
longer go do you then eat grass as a kid
not really that what you do have you
didn't do it
oh you've eaten grass yeah you just eat
it you never did that as a kid like cut
a piece of grass on you see that tastes
exactly like I can imagine irritation
right yeah because you can smell it it
tastes like it smells and you've heard
that expression mm-hmm oh this tastes
like guys is sha back are you up what's
that canned dog food or chocolate
pudding oh please don't please don't be
please don't bid
it's either/or pick you're good we good
hold that one got an eye on either yeah
okay
oh is it that man they like really
realistic by the way like really really
good just know that it's how it's safe
it's safe
was it hot is that bad
can I eat less something now no you know
I loud no I turn just enjoy the place
and they won't get stuck is that green
or blue oh okay oh there's some weird
one moment Opie yeah no no I just get so
bad right now does it
there we go this is either vomit or
people I'll bet you're gonna get Paige I
know what you're like you're gonna get
big he has like this weird like oh I
really feel like I'm gonna get it is it
bad I just want to go again so I have a
different taste my house oh yes so this
 is that no just wait yeah well
stuck to all my teeth I can't get rid of
it it's like oh my us it's like old
SpaghettiOs what's that one stinky socks
or too much oh oh 2ds rating cue jokes
it's going back at Medusa oh no I know
how you feel where's that one that's
gonna be so bad look at it oh that's a
little more tutti fruitti though yeah ro
t fruity that's strong ah oh
- Fiona straight now yeah so like I find
in dog I my eyes were watering on if you
could see but this is legit like the
stinkiest cheese I ever tasted
I can't even chew it oh no you have to
just swallow
oh my god I still got full pieces stuck
in my mouth yeah I know I got forget you
shocked in the mouth
ah oh my nice horror how long do what is
that wait yeah yeah I think so
oh yeah yeah the baby wipes just gonna
be bad
yeah but better than booger what if the
game is actually it's all the bad ones
and they just tell you there's two
options if I was making the game I do
like 99% bad one yeah I feel like that's
what it is move all gone
oh it literally tastes I generally make
it so realistic Wow smells just like
here and whose yeah and you guys think
you saw anybody think it oh there's the
guy that tests to make sure it tastes
perfect yeah I don't will not go uh I
got sneeze no better than the dog food
one that socks one is so bad is it
variously man yeah no that's this oh
it's the same thing I don't this game so
much tutti frutti No ah delicious you
sure we got this one that's great yeah
that's really good I can still taste
like moldy cheese oh you know what my
tutti frutti just washed out the last
one yeah rub it in Greenup done with
them yellow are you serious - if I get a
rotten egg you're gonna see vomit on
this thing rotten egg or buttered
popcorn or fair look at that
that's what about mom bro no worries how
do we make him look the same and I think
if I'm gonna do this
oh you're nauseous oh my god what is it
it's definitely no budget let's be
honest
oh my god this is are the worst thing
I'm done I'm kind oh I feel like my dear
I'm gonna be if you got it I mean
to your scope right yeah that's right it
you just like to happen get it down
oh my god that's so funny this is the
best game ever oh oh
what scream oh my God my eyes are
watering
oh no booger or juicy pear
juicy pear want you to get booked a show
bad right now ha ha this egg is like the
most disgusting of every one of the
worst things about this whole thing is
that it sticks it's not like why are you
doing this as well.you it your idea hey
you brought these all away from your you
did I'm gonna send you an i today's what
is it
booger oh oh it's like I'm still got oh
dude I can't even eat this round you
guys are oh my god ah you don't spend my
actually Gotti this is terrible I gotta
get something no let's go already good
though I wanna straight this out so bad
hey let's go ready yeah yeah I'm gonna
eat that sucker hurtin so bad over here
guys this is ridiculous
uh-huh all right I'm eatin popcorn and I
don't even like popcorn actually
supposed to or be allowed to eat oh um I
tried to eat well II know like oh I
haven't eaten but I've gotten off pretty
lucky I feel like I you shifted yeah
many more will be doing to this because
if I get another battle on a
fragmentation of I like seeing you guys
get bad one what is that yellow renege
oh yes that wants an egg now oh my nose
I'm like dying our ears all right this
is if you don't get raw an egg I'm gonna
be so annoyed if you don't you have to
have another one no they don't have
smell all right here we go
oh wait I would it doesn't cover out was
I good
oh my god well good job Phil umaña oh
my gosh
but you just threw up but I think that I
think that's kind of the ending of this
game that's a perfect ending to this
challenge literally being sick from the
rotten egg one still being sick in the
sink oh my gosh do you understand now
why I couldn't finish it you're Andy ah
right guys I am now getting into bed
thank you so much for watching today
thank you so much for the sport reading
and the daily vlogs it has been
absolutely crazy recently so thank you
so much and I wanna say a massive thank
you to Britt and Roman and Kane for
having me because it was such a
last-minute trip as you know I literally
if I sound a little bit less bitch
because I got my braces in I booked the
flight the day before I flew out we
couldn't decide whether they were going
to come out to us and stove us in
Brighton or I was going to come and stay
with him over here and they just worked
out better if I came over here and it's
been so much fun like so much fun we've
got up to so much different stuff on my
shooting guns to zip line into just
hanging out and I get to know each other
adieu ow - Bolin - going up dinner to
meet in their family it has been insane
and yeah I just can't wait them to come
over I really really want them to come
over soon and we're going to sort out
once I get back and they're gonna come
and serve us in Brighton and I wanna try
make it as much fun so if there's
anything that I do in my vlog so you've
seen me do before places that I've gone
let me know where I should take them
once they come and see us and come and
stay with us I sound so less blessed so
I just want to say a massive thank you
to those two for being such awesome
hosts and just giving me like an amazing
time in a mirror
because often whenever all actually not
even often every time I ever come to
America is just purely for like the
YouTube event or a book signing or
meeting or why mine are in focus hello
focus me I don't know yeah whenever come
to America it's always for like meetings
or book signings or things like that
words like super super busy and tons of
you guys there and I never really get to
just chill and now and sightsee and see
America and that is exactly what this
has been and here as well like not in
New York or LA like here has just been
awesome and so much fun so I want to
come back again soon all of those guys
to come and stay with us or you guys to
enjoy us hanging out and enjoy hopefully
so you'll jump in as well and it'll be
like four of us all hanging out quite
often I've already been saying that we
should all go to Dubai and do a skydive
there because we were going to booked on
for this week but unfortunately because
of the weather and the month it is it's
November with a skydiving place that's
locally a closed so I've already said
that we have to go and do the skydive in
Dubai that's like over the palm together
because that would just be crazy and
Britt is so scared of skydiving like I
am a Roman really wants to do so be
super super funny but yeah that is about
it guys if you haven't already gone and
checked out their channel I will leave
it as a top line in the description
please go and subscribe
we've been like pursing each other as a
competition to see who can get the other
one the most subscribers and he's
winning at the moment we can't let him
win he sent me like a ridiculous amount
of subscribers today so I think we can
beat him I think we can do it top line
in description go and subscribe go check
out his videos first because I know
you're gonna love them anyway I'm not
just telling you to subscribe for the
sake of it I could genuinely love his
videos and I know you will too so go
check them out watch them he's an
awesome family man just the family all
awesome together basically and I know
you'll enjoy their videos and yeah I
don't really know what else to say
except erm I've had so much fun and I
feel so lucky to be able to come and
hang out with friends and make friends
through YouTube and thank you guys for
making stuff like this possible because
it is crazy that this is like I've had
the opportunity to fly across the world
hang out with people and just get up to
fun stuff and have you guys watching in
sports in the hallway so thank you thank
you thank you thank you I'm gonna end
the vlog now who you've had a lovely day
give the video a thumbs if you enjoyed
it if you enjoyed seeing us do the
challenge tonight give the video a
thumbs up I will catch you tomorrow with
a new video where I'm flying home to go
and see my girlfriend Zoe and my little
doggie Nala I'm so excited to see them
both I've missed them both so much I've
been texting Zoe tonight and I'm yeah I
will be back in tomorrow's vlog or the
day after slog I'm not sure when I'll
and at some point soon I will be home
I'll catch you tomorrow good night what
did you just say how do you spell that
EG RV so where's the H oh yeah we don't
say well yeah we uh
