good morning whoa what's happening with
my voice it is about 12:30 lunch time
where I am and I'm just getting up I've
just got dressed and everything I've got
a weird top on today
it's got like some like bubble thing I
don't know I don't even know I'm just
uploading the vlog for the second time
today because I've already done it once
and then accidentally uploaded it with
like a 30 second black screen in the
middle of the vlog actually put just
like a black image there didn't even
realize so it's been up for like 15
minutes all the comments for Alfie
what's happening at 6 minutes or 7 or 6
minutes so I've just have to delete the
video now were you doing it now
but to go downstairs and have breakfast
which as you would have seen in the end
of yesterday's video apparently we're
having gravy biscuits and sausages I
have no idea what that is
gravy biscuits and sausages I also still
feel like I'm at home you know I woke up
this morning with text from Zoe and the
view of London it is a beautiful day
today look at the sky look how nice it
is the Sun and is it bad that I just
want to go on a little climbing frame in
the garden only the crime and I want to
do some cartwheels in the grass I do not
feel a little bit a little bit ill today
my chest hurts are there and you can
hear my voice I think I don't know if
it's ill or just me being jet-lagged not
used to the time and stuff come on video
hurry up it is breakfast time in the
Atwood household what do we have it I
have prepared you the finest sausage
gravy in brisket I know you've never had
weight sure is the gravy sausage just
got like pork sausage in it I'll get
like gravy sausage are you ready yeah is
this my one yeah oh I'm just worried
it's getting a little cold so this is
basically guys it's kind of like a scone
or scone in the UK but without raisins
and I was just showing him this is what
we would normally have like jam and
whipped cream mmm
so apparently they have gravy and that
was a good deal yeah you guys need to
try that out you never tried that
no no that's super sweet yeah I hope
it's still warm it's gonna be bad
that's gone that's good yeah mm-hmm
awesome yeah like how that's really
going because I love chips and gravy
other than that no but like rising gravy
like pudding
yeah Canadian so this is kind of like
poutine
but like sweeter mmm go okay cool I make
more than right mmm Romans got the most
impressive fish tank I've ever seen it's
like my favorite thing in the house
is she a third child is Ivor expensive
to make
mmm don't eat out of your hand
no way like a dory look at it go finding
dory oh this so that is actually Ellen
DeGeneres yeah look at them all so sick
look at these big guys down here ken has
been killing this HOOPP gone all around
the neck yeah Brenda do it shine ha ha
only for my dad's vlog he's like what
are you doing here's this guy filming me
yeah around the neck so good always
spends a little bit dude yeah
he's kidding at I love the arms like
yeah yeah my drummer you can we're in a
circus at keep going ladies and
gentlemen it's the Kane and Roman show
yeah so these guys sell a ton of
merchandise look at this I'm gonna climb
up look all of these there's just full
of t-shirts and bottles and it's
Christmas season man
crazy hope for Christmas I'm so happy
about it so it's one up oh it's geared
as well and he's gone straight into the
distance here's mine he's got that I've
got this sounds about fair or bloomin AK
wait up Roman wait wait for me
I'm come in I just went out in this
little thing although I'm so tall that
my knees just hit the edge so I just
couldn't really turn out to go in a
straight line which was interesting also
the first time I'd ever ridden anything
geared like motorbike wise there's coal
and now what we doing with this yeah
it's been Cecil Ivan it's the batteries
of their rights we happened to jumpstart
this guy with their car oh yeah
straight on
I've never been in one of these before
really no there are whether I have much
I don't know to them online
it's all in my toes
we've come out to look for some aliens
there's a recent sighting in LA that
crazy thing in the sky so if I'm out I'm
trying to be serious everywhere every
like we're kind of just lost in this
massive deep fail look it all in the sky
look at that whoa
some reason Roma thought it'd be a good
idea to let me take over was such a good
idea
I'm sorry my diamond they come over
all right so we've been sitting down
here watching the blob footage from
today so far and Britta's non-stop been
talking about how good she is at British
accent he's fine I'm gonna do running he
remembers she's phenomenal like like a
minute ago she was speaking I honestly
thought that she was on skype with Zoe
sound exactly as oh she was so good do
it
do your British accent hey you know what
you've been telling everyone how good it
is you have you know why we call her
bread not gonna British accent come on
most of today she's been speaking into
projects how about you give her a line
get rid of us in short we are okay
hello my name is Brittany and I love
crumpets and tea crumpets and tea maker
almond doing hello everybody I love how
you just miss out the day bye-bye
let's see you buddy how do you say buddy
buddy competent a tell me
everyone goes really like Eva like this
when they speak or really poor I think
because when we hear it it's so
different
yeah when I used to it yeah poor so I
don't sound like the most English person
I speak weirdly for anything in this
house you do sound like most English we
exit British set from when Britt doesn't
Brit sounds more English than me come
when you do it who are you doing Bret
you wanker no come on say hello my
name's Brittany and I love crumpets and
tea my name is Brittany and I love
combat Cynthia are in a British at is
that it in a really posh British actor
pretend you're the queen that's what you
would do in earlier on when you're
pretending to be the queen
oh hey I'm from London I feel bad
we're just bullying you why is my voice
gone croaky again that's where it gets
to like UK time midnight and then I just
can't speak at home oh my gosh you're
gonna be awake to go bowling
yeah well hello from all my English
viewers out there just say oh my god
in the most American Way then they'll
appreciate it oh my god what did you
just say what did you just say how do
you spell that
ET RV so where's the H oh yeah we don't
say yeah we say uh no II think we just
gadgety joke in my daughter is like Irv
I'm like Jamaican no even American
Jamaican now she's so good at all that
said it's called the garden herb shop
not the garden herb you know it does
have a H yeah well then it's ha you guys
actually okay right okay all right let's
do another one there's one more that I
want to ask no because I said her one
time when I was like young and like
everyone started laughing oh that's
right though no it is it's herb right
one more thing just cuz you're so good
at accents what's there like shiny metal
cord that's silver it again like maybe
like the laptops made out of it over no
one was it
what
I love it was it good was it goat
aluminium aluminium never aluminium no
yeah was aluminium what's the word yeah
aluminium
maybe that's why I'm a terrible speller
if because you miss out the hey Chon
herb so you just write er be Brits wanna
cure my acid reflux with a load of herbs
and stuff I've got a list of just
googled of a couple of different things
right can you pronounce the word vit am
i n by the man howdy said a bitumen
bitumen yeah I've got a list of ten
words the Americans and British
pronounced differently
number two is aluminium number three
privacy is are you sir yeah privacy
privacy which had privacy privacy
privacy schedule is how you say every
time oh so did we schedule how do you
say this mobile we see mobile or mobile
yeah yeah mobile advertisement oh that's
the same and then number ten is the good
old herb oh it's actually on the roads
and had a number ten you guys know how
much I love bowling
we just come bowling tonight the coolest
clothes set that's so cool
that's awesome
now
Britt's been saying all day how acidic
or never
she says occasionally she does it 300
what did you say you're getting a strike
okay mister
I mean yeah that's so good
I had no pressure a second ago now this
yeah that's no kind of a vlog that's not
in my did it work out our story from
ready yeah
you just hold those there we go
both gutterball string them right back
you crisscross applesauce I two peas in
a pod is that so you just finish up
bowling so we're back with Mike
absolutely smashed Roman he's been
begging it up all day that he's good now
you killed me you got about 30 points or
something ridiculous but check this out
Zowie if you're watching this this is
what we need in our house when you one
of these need not why yeah this is need
when I um this is like look at this
bowling it's tiny it's so cool it was so
scary oh my god we were like I need to
go to the bar here a bowtie my how
scared we were
yeah terrified ah I don't look good on
it
right so you're just going to do a stool
to get
my Senora Correia to get Cain a present
because as we were leaving I said that
I'd buy him the biggest present they
have oh just driving this around this is
cool why don't they have these in the UK
this is amazing coffee do you work here
now
whoa whoa
more tea for double deals bigger than
this everybody climb inside out you can
parachute with that thing
thank you that's why I need to put this
thing back probably try that on to us oh
right it is time to wrap up today's vlog
guys it is quarter past 1:00 in the
morning this time I don't even want to
think about UK time because I'll be
waking up about now in UK time knowledge
probably waking Zoey up and having
breakfast at home with them but we've
just been checking vid stats which is
basic like a statistics website for
YouTube and these are the results from
the last 12 hours if it ever focuses
come on there we go so number one most
subscribed in the last 12 hours is Adele
number two is me of 27 and a half
thousand subscribers than Justin Bieber
and then Roman holy Smurfs dude we're
number two and number four we said it
was a competition yeah I'm just gonna
say we're winning right now he is
running at the moment so like I said at
the end of yesterday's video guys we're
having a competition at the moment and
we're seeing over the next couple of
days who can send each other the most of
their surge first of all thank you guys
so much for coming over
17800 18,000 I'll sell vows so thank you
seriously it's unbelievable bottom row
he's winning at the moment we are he is
a winner so I'm gonna leave a link
top-line description again and if you
haven't already guys go and subscribe
let's show them the palette we've got
smash all these comments and I send you
and we need to get out we want to aim to
be able to try and get number one and
two it would be the most epic photo
imagine that screens you yes there will
be on number one most subscribed it's
just a downs beating us and Justin
Bieber you're gonna catch up to a Down
dude we're gonna get you - we got it
yeah we got this right so go down below
subscribe guys go smash his channel and
thank you
and yeah that's right it have you had a
good day
amazing it's fun set me beat me in
bowling it was a nice hangout that's
were subscribers trip he beat me in
bowling I said I'd be in and he beat me
so that's worth the subscribe in itself
oh man we've got a busy day planned
tomorrow we've got a good day
something's super excited I'm not gonna
tell you what you can have to wait and
watch by the time you're watching this
you've probably seen your snapchats and
stuff do you have snapchat are you
what's your snapchat I just went in yeah
you've got your name that's it someone
stole my name so I don't even have my
name sucks anyways I'm gonna end up log
guys I'll catch you tomorrow give it a
thumbs if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you then I completely forgot to end my
video for please so good
