good morning guys so it is like 9:30 in
the morning in Ohio
I've just got up I'm literally back
there in the shower just turned on a
took me like five minutes to work out
how to turn on your American taps this
is just weird
this is a weird combination I don't
really know how to use that fit anyways
I've just finished editing the daily
vlog and got that already because it has
to go up at 12:00 lunchtime here then
that's 5 o'clock in the UK which is when
these videos normally go up so I've got
to instead of be editing just randomly
throughout the day I've got to edit them
in the morning and get them up before I
do anything else so that they're not so
that they're not up late for you guys
that is the aim so I've just finished
yesterday's video which was like the
vast majority of it was complains and
traveling and everything like that but
it was it was still good it's better
than what I thought it was I thought it
was literally going to be the worst blog
in the world they turned out quite yet
so I'm sure drop in the shower now get
dressed and get ready and everything I
don't think anyone else is awake I think
I'm literally the first one up that's
probably because I'm used to UK time
right so it's breakfast time look at
this look at this you go do you put
syrup on your meat nobody even nobody
ever ever but Sarah on me the one thing
that we put syrup on would be pancakes
you guys are my ground that's like on
Pancake Day yeah
NK day yeah your official day where you
have to make pancakes I mean there's
like somebody put me like I mean with
Sarah on a sausage look I never did it
before once I did it I never went back
yeah I'm sure it's good unbelievable
it's very American isn't it yeah alright
I'm gonna give it a go I'm sure it's a
bit it's gonna taste good no you'll
never be the same again
man don't be shy you did in there on the
sausage syrup on a sausage sausage first
and come on man get ready to live
just good it's just weird like meat
sweet me mmm you know you love that
sweet meat we've just come out now I'll
tell you where we're going in a minute
literally stepping out that vehicle was
like jumping off a first storey building
I like climbing out it's so big I would
just come to get some water water water
water that's it I sort of pretty good
water and I thought I'd come and film it
because there we load of stuff that I've
never seen before I'm guessing a load of
snacks oh yeah i neva just candy like we
don't cool a counter aren't your chips
called walkers
yeah your selector legs yeah isn't that
funny yeah that's weird
what do you call candy was chocolate or
sweets sweet so this is chocolate and
then there isn't any sweets are you like
these are sweets
yeah I mean that is its technical so you
guys actually use the words 'proper much
like you actually say it right
wait oh I hope you enjoy sweets those
got chocolates yeah what is that light
really just depends up my favorite I
know I'm a sucker for a white chocolate
everything your state wait I'm not even
allowed choc lamb I just remembered I'm
not allowed on yet these are
unbelievably daddy's push exact like a
carrot a oh yeah
where's a cow tail you've never had it
no all right
she woke up days you have to get this
yeah this is I mean these are like
unbelievable yeah look at caramel chewy
it's like a caramel and like this weird
white magical powder that makes you so
happy it's candy cigarettes yeah we have
these I mean when I was younger I used
to be like I'm cool they're cool is
getting time yeah the coolest
I just realized we can expand apart a
baby bottle pop this is literally gonna
be that's just like sherbet is now
that's gonna be like the worst thing
maybe it was the well me surprise came
with something and he'll love you for
life okay what does he like
what case main thing anything anything
what's his favor and then I can plot oh
I just guessed he allegedly gets the
ocean for us nothing
yeah she'll get one of them crazy a new
part are you said today he said his
favorite color today was purple perfect
he's like he's like getting a dog a tree
and they love you that's my kid you get
on a piece of candy he's easy that's
good I know why are they all so big do
you not have any like smaller nose i
here's the thing they are never like
you're not just gonna eat that in your
car half of its air yeah he could just
be like okay i have a patio great Caesar
should be small bags right here oh okay
here we go
here we go yeah here we go what know
they're still massive that's big of
course that it are you joking me what do
you want one one crisp is that what you
call it Chris by really water as well
Fiji water was my favorite America
where's your Fiji water out that's like
the best mr. Mayer oh that's too fancy
man no wait there it is there it it
that's it down there just arrived where
we're going today shooting range archery
guns and training hello
I'm excited man you excited yeah I think
you're gonna love it
well I think I'm ready I thought my one
the pink one
yes they've got to waiting for me look
at that it's a little 22 so we're gonna
start you out from square one just like
you refine the role
we're stance A to B C D everything on
how to shoot because once a about 10
minutes
now does this want to take you actually
out on the range we're going to have you
start out with live ammo put your first
couple shots downrange then as soon as
you get comfortable with a 9-millimeter
we'll get to some of the buildings
called Eva which plays educated actually
on how we play the H&K yeah that was a
fun yeah how we actually Shauna tips
you'll have a good time
absolutely how to shoot yeah yeah yeah
we'll bring it play with it everything
it's point the adrenaline major time
yeah right about sauna life away okay
I just showed you be just you know this
is you're agreeing that you're not no
without shirt ability yeah catching on
fire so think about it
alright so that Mo's over here we just
picked up all right I'm money guys
we're just picking targets ones of these
when you hit them they're not lure
paintball oh nice the ink actually
splats see when you're shooting like a
fully yeah see where you're here
that's if I hit the target and you are
what blows my mind is just how cheap
these guns are let the actual gun like a
guy kill somebody and it's like four
hundred dollars that is insane three
hundred dollars
so we've just come into a little
classroom feel like I'm in school again
or until you bring out your line at this
time learn how to shoot rather than
learning how to write
I'm so excited
I bet we get the pressure IV filmin and
you film I've taken people to shoot for
the first time and it's so like
thrilling to see it yeah you know I'm
excited
this is gonna get you never been here
you have yet you excited it is I kind of
like cyber foot some people do
shoulders width apart what you want to
do you want to make sure you're bending
your knees either way to do it bend your
knees a little bit bring it straight up
arms straight so this is more popular
for 9-millimeter
we're going to take the magazine put it
in this little ball right here when it's
on right now it's on safe all the way up
here you click it down here now it's
full auto ready to shoot you're going to
put the stock up to your shoulder right
here and right here
slap that down you're going to lean
forward and you're going to look through
this little people right here and you're
going to lightly tap the trigger and
you'll get about three birds that time
you don't want to do full auto at once
and if you pull out I want to go ahead
and start shooting our ceiling so make
sure you just put everything on way to
go you're left right here
how cool is that
that's so cool all right guys put all
the way up wrap your hand around take
the magazine shove it in the bottom
right fingers off the trigger pull back
let go
get comfortable both thumbs on one side
bring it up lean forward
that's all it is ready
go for it looks so nervous you look so
nervous your very first your very first
shot the pressure pressure of everyone
right in the face dude I like barely see
Persia you got four more shots
nice nice very good yes whoo nice job
did so much louder than my Thor okay a
lot of combustion yeah see you from a
9-millimeter we're going to put you into
an ice which is a 45 ACP the trunk feels
so much nicer you like that one we rap
to it so set 1911 and he's at 15 feet
now
good job even the sumela bet this is
where I hit guys just like what you're
used to shooting this was the first one
you shot yeah this is the 45 1911 limit
ow that's massive that's a plug she came
with that she did so good he always
shows us up she's really actually good
hi this this is a real treat magazine
this automatic not automatic it's a
fully Ottawa 17
there you go whoo how was that scary
right time for me to try it out watch
magic how was that was it good
scary I'm scared don't be scared
whoo
makes you wanna close my eyes happening
in the baby
absolutely what's romans 10 guys
that is better
oh my god I'll take 200 this is there's
no kid hurry this is the one that I got
it how i'ma say that one was so smooth
yeah and I liked how many bullies are
heading green warrior of browning 1919
and what you're going to see Jake and
Jim do right now is they're actually
going to secure it to the bench because
of the recoil that way while you're
shooting it the recoil is absorbed by
the bench and not by you
oh good
right Romans first you excited for this
one look at the size of these rather
than our compact a little itching to
shot a couple of villains it was not
expecting it oh my gosh
Lord you feel the heat do you actually
it's warm
go for it Elfie how is that even scary
but it is you should have been
that is insane
I can feel it in my mouth like Tucker
doesn't left our building really hot
oh you've got this come on you got a
slip sheet just pressing the trigger and
that's no matter how many times you do
it it's still that shocking like this so
we're putting away this that was sick
that's a training look at it I have no
idea what is this it's a PPS 40 what is
this Rome it's going straight for it
doesn't matter yeah
now this one just look so good and we've
just finished up how does it go
is it worth worth it yes right okay can
we take a joke down
yeah we're good we're good let's walk up
oh wow it's so loud yeah you stub your
glass oh yeah oh that was so good quite
the experience I was so good yeah glad
we did that
all right some climbing look at the step
you have to do out this car literally
stand next to the car that is you got
even that is crazy look at the size of
that's bigger than Zoe's car just your
wheels you're a four-year-old getting it
out of it yeah how does it even do it
you have to lift him up sometimes
alright so we're now off we finished it
there at the range that was so good
thanks for taking I'm so glad I'm here
and I'll be followed through with it
yeah and it wasn't just like little
handguns and stuff I thought it'd be
like maybe maybe it may be something
else other than a pistol like Fleming
brought out flip in welcome to the u.s.
turrets that were meant to be on the
side of a plane there to like strap it
down so that it didn't shake about even
that was a surprise to me I didn't know
we were a is it that yes
yeah they just get them getting out
different guns I mean oh this is from
this war this is from this country and
I'm just like us absolutely insane if
you guys haven't already check out
rumors video from today these uploading
it goes up a couple of hours off to this
one yeah just go check it out go
subscribe to his stuff what kind of
thing tell them what you do but you've
definitely I've told these guys before
they've definitely seen your videos
maybe of course your pranks whether they
know it was yours or not they will have
seen your pranks some of them have got
like 60 million views there's more than
a charm but we've kind of turned more in
the vlogging now yeah every day so
that's that's our primary family love
it's basically like we have kids we're
family that seems crazy basically it's
like a crazy version of the Scottie
Jolie's they're British like family
friends of ours how cool and vlog every
day and they've got two kids oh yeah but
then you guys are obviously more intense
version of them yeah I think that's a
compliment
oh of course it is Shing gunfire machine
gunfire
literally wouldn't learn oiz right we're
now off for dinner
I'm third wheel in their date these two
on a romantic date and I'm tagging along
crushing their day we thought that it
would be if we came here on a date and
we thought it'd be a cool place to bring
a guest like yeah so I think it should
be cool all of our food is arriving oh
man that looks so good thank you so much
yeah so basically guys we've got the
statement you're cooking yourself on a
hot stones
this looks amazing you cook it every
wanted love where's yours
at least to bring out we just finished
up dinner
absolutely delicious and now we're just
heading off to one of their friends who
owns a toy - is a factory the literally
toy he has a dream so he's basically
father Christmas is that what you're
trying to tell me he's something hey
lemon yes you ever get this the common
question you ever get awkward vlogging
in public not really a lot of people
comment it down below that's cool
because I'll be walking through like
really busy Park in town and then
everyone in the background is like
looking at me really weirdly I don't
really care do you I find that I get
more nervous or uncomfortable when I'm
by myself like when I'm with people like
you I just put my camera yeah and I feel
like when I'm by myself there's
sometimes I hesitate yeah I wouldn't if
I was like no I would I don't know yeah
I don't really get yeah they're ready
get that sorry I don't think so it's a
great way to be as a blogger yeah
do you get nervous I always did yeah
yeah so you come somewhere called a bar
cage which is based like a bar and or
caters to get really news you can walk
up and play any game
we don't do anything for free there is
no such thing as free well that's why
this works here because we don't either
this is very all of this or all of these
different games no way street fighter
seed let's do it
hydrate in Street Fighter again
pac-man over there this is cool oh we're
not good the graphics are
ha ha this is why these games never made
it
Oh
right so we've come to a place called
Krueger's basically because Brittany
needed away so we're gonna try and scare
her wait what are you scaring her with
you can scale with anything but you tell
you about
yeah scary caveman
let my favorite we've got some Solo cups
I feel I should buy some just to take
that for the novelty look what I won't
fit I've only got hardly like no one's
here you go to
travel no I have to be that sure no you
died
we've also bought some Jenga we're about
to get it for a video that we're gonna
be shooting tomorrow yes not gonna tell
you what it is it's you guys have fun
my voice is going on croaky because it's
like 4 a.m. from your tire then I feel
bad I want to get you home and just hug
nah get you to better you sleep well
apparently for breakfast tomorrow we are
having gravy no no it's great all of my
American viewers how many of you like
sausage gravy and biscuit it's sausage
gravy and biscuits yes reckless yes it
is just a breakfast food here we don't
need it any other time are you guys are
weird
 you guys are so weird yes Fiji
water eukaryote guys we've just got home
my voice is still so cranky I'm getting
rinsed at the moment for vlogging with
that shirts on in bed so I've decided to
end it down here today instead of ending
it in bed which one are you guys are all
gonna miss but I'm getting bullied by
Roman okay you vlog in bed as well I
know I just
I'm jealous econ sentorria yeah all
right I'm gonna end the vlog down here
guys and yeah as I said earlier we've
had a super super fun day we enjoyed it
I have it did you still want to see let
me put this thing oh yeah can you put
that next to my bed for me yeah no what
do you want anything on whatever some
almond milk warm warm almond milks that
you want to eat it yeah can I have like
22 degrees 20 Oh perfect see the paper
you sent me before you came they said
these are my requirements but Hershey
Kisses and almond long yeah the
Hershey's Kisses you guys know that I
don't like Hershey's Kisses
I just don't think it tastes like good
chocolate and if you think it does then
you need to come to the UK and taste our
chocolate well that's what you need
today I'm gonna end the blog guys oh and
you keep saying it I keep on saying it
you want to leave one I know it's
because I'm not in bed I'm not I'm not
my usual ending surrounding take your
shirt off do it okay once a guard even
ender meets Lisa I'm so delirious if you
enjoyed the video guys give it a big ol
thumbs up as I said earlier I'm gonna
leave a link to run the channel top line
in the description the very very top
lines to go and subscribe let's see how
many subscribers we can push him in the
next 24 hours
thank you yes thank you yeah let's have
it the subscriber where I'm gonna send
them to you too so we'll send each other
everyone go over spam his videos saying
I sent you
thank you guys subscribe he's like
family man plus fun as well
family finally man there we go that's a
dad joke that's a terrible dad but
you're a dad let you buy yeah that's
fine get away with it yeah all right
I'll catch you guys tomorrow
good night I did I change it over a
liver failed I've met you I've live in
there yeah I hate the past
congratulations you've passed your car
driving Theodore
