hi Dan
good good hello test center
hey I've got a test eight o'clock thank
you good morning guys
go on driving test right now or not the
act of driving be just my theory how you
doing it's super early I'm a little bit
nervous because I've been passing so
many of these practice tests yesterday
but you know what it's like when it
comes to the real thing it's so easy to
mess up I just want to see have no idea
if I'm gonna pass or not like I hope I
am because it's not it's been
embarrassing in front of all of you guys
but it's just one of those things where
on the day akiva just to the right or
wrong like hard questions could come up
or easy questions could come up and that
is it guys it is all done I have no idea
how I did I found I found it but I don't
want to be confident because I basically
haven't let my dog my results are
in here I'm going to wait until I get
home with Zoey to look at these BAM
I've backed it I don't want to say this
it is a fail but I found it tiny bit
easier than what I thought it was going
to be I think it's just because quite a
few of the questions with the same ones
that I've been practicing don't get me
wrong there was still something that I
was like like something about checking
oil pressure and like percentages of
petrol usage of different miles per
hours a little bit like I've seen this
quite similar questions before but I'm
not 100% on the outside so I don't want
to go ahead and say it past because I
haven't seen my result yeah but I feel
I don't know I feel like I could have
passed wow I don't know right I'm going
to jump in a taxi and go home now and
find out what we've done let me know in
the comments now comment down below
believe me go past or not I feel like
this you do provides more no it's always
I wish it could be like that whenever
you have a test or an exam as soon as
you take it I last night I just couldn't
be bothered to revise so it's like
ominous to another test I got a glove it
is fine and now I'm like should have
done more emission but and I don't we'll
find out when I get home it is time to
look although somebody I've just tweeted
now this is a picture of this saying
here are my results I haven't had a look
yet guys and somebody's just tweet me
said Alfie there's no certificate which
means you failed um dad you and I heard
this I did I change it I've got a liver
failed I've met you I've live in there
the past congratulations you've passed
your car driving Gary day yay yo you
never have to do it ever again
high-five from like one day in revision
that's a half way half way to drive in
got my theory test got a driving test
dummies I can put my driving test now so
guys if you're watching this I'm getting
you off your knee if you can hear me
you're watching that in the next couple
of weeks obviously now going to America
today but in the next couple of weeks
I'm going to hopefully take an intensive
driving course so I want to be driving
before Christmas that's my aim right I
need the toilet needed it the entire
test and I've just been like holding it
in just finished up doing the daily vlog
I am still so happy that I passed my
driving theory test thank you guys so
much for all the support on Twitter on
facebook on instagram on my youtube
comets everywhere it has been amazing
just putting everything away like all my
passport stuff cannot forget that
would be the worst thing to forget get
there for whatever no passport so oh and
it's fallen out so I'm just packing up
trying to make sure that I've got
everything the best I possibly can
but I am going to obviously Americus
even if I did forget something
like if I forgot socks then I can buy
socks easily or something like that you
know what I mean it's not like I'm going
somewhere the middle of nowhere the only
thing I'm having to be careful of is
that I'm allowed to take everything in
my hand luggage because I'm gonna try
not checking any bags I'm just gonna
take hand luggage
I am massive like chewing gums always
handy I tell make sure that I don't
accidentally take some scissors or
something that a bit worse getting
pulled over in America because I've got
like scissors or I don't even know also
the best traveling tip there is is to
bring one of these because that way you
only need one like adapter for being
abroad because obviously when you're
bored
America has ow different plug sockets to
the UK so my stuff alot my laptop
charger and phone charger and that don't
fit into American plug sockets zoom:1
but the wall I won't do it this stuck if
I have one adapter and this then I get
to be able to plug three things in with
one adapter pretty handy goodbye baby
I'll see you soon yeah baby
awesome thank you so much lemonade
that's loud
that's a loud old boy you stare right at
airborne now I have no idea where to go
this trip is going to be a learning
experience to all of us for myself and
for you in case you ever wondered how to
get running at war I'm about to learn as
well right
British Airways check-in I believe I
checked in online so I don't need to do
that I've got my boarding pass and
everything all checked in print it out
and now it's just time to go through
security which will be interesting with
two bags and the amount of cameras and
laptops and everything I've got on me
always this fast track right here we go
please wait turn turn turn here we go oh
good and the rude guys now just got
covered of hours to kill I need to
remember to keep on checking the board
because again that's something that I
normally don't do is check where which
gate my flight is that but it might do a
little bit of shot Chicago
I don't add on Emily I'm gonna try to do
a little bit shopping grab some food and
then go up to the lounge wherever it is
a lampshade horse why not I literally
went into there into the lounge to find
out that the soup is tomato or the
pastor's tomato
everything is tomato and I'm not allowed
to marked up because of my chest of what
this only goes this doesn't even go to
the right floor lounge departures um
okay
alright I finally found the exit now and
I'm going all the way back down I'm
gonna have to go to like threat or
something to try and get some food that
just just didn't work out did it this is
the one I'm gonna have to get two of
them I've got a long old flight so I
have to board a tram apparently like a
little tram to be able to get to a my
main signal
why not why not get rap just from I get
my game on a check they've got any of my
friends books service Paul hello mate
dude any others definitely got anyone
elses oh look at that number three and
number four oh my gosh and number ten
it's quite weird when you think about it
I'm literally flying across the world
like in 17 and a half hours of traveling
today to hang out with people that I've
never met before
that's weird when you think about it but
it seems so normal because that's just
YouTube but it is weird I mean that's
just some interest in yoga why not just
balance on your head
guys we
touchdown in Chicago so excited
it's going to be saved it's just really
fun
you guys like it
just like me
confirmation about of instrument
Optimus Valley
so now to
when upgrading crazy ways
this looks delicious look my salad in my
salad it'll be good this is in a plane
as well
and like five hours into the fight so
far guys it's going really really good
I have watched one film look to Phil oh
I fell asleep of everyone and then I'm
also half way through a documentary at
the moment which is really really good
I've also edited a gaming video and got
so much work done that I'm needed to get
done the ages so all productive so far
still feeling good
we've got ten minutes to land guys in
Chicago
the viewers I try to show you that
there's such bad plan on the window is
hard to actually see
thank you
so I basically have to come out of the
air or get on a train come now back into
the air war now I'm going to check in
again go through all of security then
but get back and never fly this is
ridiculous I thought like getting a
connection was literally walking out
like an S like an escalator or something
that was the most rushed Airport
experience I have ever had like
genuinely don't think I would have made
my flight if one of you guys didn't bump
into me at security who worked here and
just fast tracked me straight through so
thank you so much Martha at security
you've literally made it I not miss my
flight
this is the opening I'm going on in a
minute guys look how tiny is there we go
this is the smallest plane
in the world
please sonomas our pleasure to welcome
you to columbus presume eight seated
with your seatbelt securely fastened
thank you so much
well that's definitely the most eventful
flight I've ever had it was also the
smallest plane I had ever been on I was
trying to describe to you guys how shaky
it was by facial expressions it was
basically like sitting on the tube or in
a car whilst on a roller coaster that's
what it was like it was crazy I'm just
so glad to be here now some people have
come to say hi at the airport how you
guys doing good you guys are crazy it's
like midnight over here there's some
more people over there hey I was at
hello dues do ya come and say hello say
hello your names and stuff thank you so
much for coming guys it's so late over
here and I nearly just died on the plane
so I may have never turned up look at
this somebody's got Zoey's book and it's
already signed by her that's so crazy
and my book over there Zoey's book here
you guys are awesome these two guys they
want to be YouTubed you're watching it
like a really old video
oh my god I literally look like 10 you
guys
you two are my biggest fans are you my
biggest fans just mean you behave
groupies yeah have a good evening guys
thank you so much all right so the girls
are showing me where to go
and apparently Romans I think Romans
made to be down here
what you need fell down oh my earlier
one this morning when I was it there in
the UK Airport I was on the phone to my
sister I walked up a Down escalator and
nearly fell over Roman should be around
here somewhere where is he hello how you
doing I'm good guys I've been the worst
blogger today I've loved like nothing at
all seven out of plain windows I'm so
sorry but exciting news look where I am
hey guys what is up I'm over when you've
loaded man and a queue some bugging me
like on the way here driving from the
air voice I you know looking today
you're not vlogging I was like I am but
I've just had the worst video cuz I've
just been filming on a plane and that's
it all day this is making sure I wasn't
like taking all the no joy and then let
liquids just got for the bedroom okay
cool that is just for you man I wanted I
love that what did you feel like your
own that that's my view from my window I
know and nobody else's upstairs so I
think I'm just gonna use them the whole
I'm gonna sleep here you can enter
command Nomad you can sleep in the bed
anyone ever actually slept in there yes
my body Alice slept in here but we
scooped all the balls over and put an
air mattress there nice actually worked
really well you should get like a
trampoline underneath it we actually
want to mount a TV on the wall and watch
movies in it because it's surprisingly
comfortable oh my god see ya Mia welcome
welcome home you are got the kitchen
it's all yours
midnight snack okay should get hungry
and up funny choice play with if you
need to yeah I saw in your vlog how
messy it was like oh my gosh when you
walked upstairs it was like oh yeah it's
now is this clean I'm not gonna lie this
is Detroit oh yeah right for me it's
like 7:00 a.m. in the morning in the UK
so I'm gonna I feel like as soon as my
head hits the pillow I'm just going to
be gone hi oh
there we go ah here we go now you can
see me alright guys I am getting all
tucked up in a bed
I'm so sorry again that today's vlog has
been so mismatched and just not a proper
vlog but it's as you can tell because
I've just been travelling for 19 hours
19 hours by myself
so just trust me that the next couple of
looks are going to be amazing
I'm currently if you can't wholly tell
Roman Edwards house in Ohio like I'm
literally in Ohio in the next few days
of log in are going to be sick that
we're going to do some such cool stuff
and if there's anything in particular
you want me to do then let me know in
the comments and I can try and do some
of those with Roman and the family and
stuff but yeah I'm just going to go to
sleep now because for me in the UK it is
I carve past 7:00 in the morning
like it's always probably waking up now
given ala breakfast and I'm just going
to bed so give the video a thumbs up if
you're excited for the next couple of
days I will catch you tomorrow bright
and early American time it's going to be
weird I hope I don't just wake up in the
middle of the night and I'm wide awake
because it'll be like 10 or 11 a.m. for
me that would be so annoying I hope I
hope I think I'll be in jetlag I think
of being jetlag well I haven't found out
yet but anyways I'm gonna in the blog
now thanks for watching guys I'll catch
you tomorrow good night this little
button here is everything are you ready
oh I'm scared
Oh autumn izing Dada Dada Dada
