good morning guys today is a super super
exciting morning I've tried to book
these flights twice already with the two
debit cards that I have and they've both
been rejected which is great I don't
have a clue why I've got enough money in
my bank to pay for the flights and for
some reason to be rejected so I'm about
to run booked them on Zoey's card she's
very lovely very lovely in the love Lily
so that I can borrow some money and then
I'll pay her back straightaway and
basically as you know at the end of
yesterday's video as I told you I've
been chatting to Roman Atwood recently
and we've been trying to arrange a way
for us to hang out together the only
issue is that he lives literally like a
14 hour flight away or something he
lives like you know hi oh I think it is
well I hope it is because that's what
I'm about to them but my flights too so
I'm about to look right now to hang out
with him I'm going to fly to Chicago
then change to Ohio never forgot myself
before I've never also changed from the
pain that I've only ever flown direct so
two new things they're going to be
happening and you know when they can be
happenin tomorrow
I'm literally booked in this flight for
tomorrow
straight after my theory test so as you
know I've got my driving theory test
basically tomorrow it's going to be
super super busy and eventful I've got
my driving theory test tomorrow at 8
a.m. and then I'm booking a flight more
or less straight after I just have to
knit back grab my suitcase then go off
to the airport and fly by myself for
like 14 hours or something I arrived
there and it's like midnight Wow
okay should we do it this little button
here is everything you ready oh I'm
scared
both authorising dirt dirt dirt no
blooming way look at that guy's I have
no idea when the last time I vlog to us
I think it may have even been this
morning anyways it is now like 5:30
in the evening I've had the busiest day
of revising from a theory test spending
time with Zoey because obviously I'm
going to way tomorrow now getting ready
to pack I lost my passport for half the
day so I was finding that and now I've
just realized that half the stuff that I
want to take America like cameras and
stuff is all in my office so I've got to
grab it all now look at the outfit that
I'm sporting today everybody I have got
my coat on we look what it looks like no
t-shirt but I have in fact got a vest on
then I've got some pajama bottoms shorts
shoes that I just slipped on with no
socks because I'm literally that much of
a rush today oh my gosh
oh that make your dryer go to make a
pile of things that I want to take
headphones that is a definite must-have
for when you're traveling as many
batteries as possible for my vlogging
camera that again oh I might also take a
spare blogging camera spare blogging
camera just in case I break to my one my
vlogging camera charger with another
spare battery in it so that's three
trees I've also got another back to at
home and obviously one of these nests
that's like for batteries or something
this will always come in handy my phone
wire I definitely need this this here
there's an SD card reader so that I can
edit my daily vlog without that
literally wouldn't have to edit do I
need a GoPro I don't if I need a GoPro
I'm sure Romans got a couple of that on
borrow a couple of pens always handy I
don't know whether to bring like a
proper big camera like one of these
wrongs or not but I feel like that's
just stupid
if I need a big camera Roman again is
gonna have a big hug that's a positive
thing we're going to stand there with
another youtuber means that anything I
may need he's already gone so I have to
take left stuff with me
or nearly press that one do not want to
press that one ground close miss your
head NOLA
should we get a bed baby hey come on I
know you can hear me in there no no no
she literally pretends to be asleep no
no I know you're awake come on no no no
just go to bed
she's literally pretending no no no Hey
Oh No
you're not tricking me hey there we go
should we go to bed
oh you sleeping pop should we put you to
bed it's like 20 minutes past 11:00 at
night now and I thought to end the vlog
in the very short robe that has been
today because I've literally just been
practicing my theory test all day more
or less for tomorrow morning at 8 a.m. I
have my driving theory test and I've
also just been getting everything ready
and packing and stuff so I thought I'd
show you what I've got so this is what
I'm gonna wear tomorrow
just some shoes and socks and tracksuit
bottoms and a hoodie a plain t-shirt
just all really really cozy cloves just
keeping out just to charge my laptop
tonight so it's got a full charge my
wallet and a hat for tomorrow and then
in my suitcase I'm just gonna I'm only
gonna take hand luggage which I haven't
decided if it's a good or a bad decision
but I think because I'm changing in
Chicago I've got to do one stopover and
I've never stopped over before I just
don't want any chance at all of me
losing my luggage but the last thing I
want because I'm only there for a few
days is to get there my luggage not be
there then be like yeah we're gonna send
it in four days they send it once more
doing the way home and yeah so basically
what I'm going to do is I'm only gonna
take hand luggage just simplify
everything so nothing leaves my side
I'll show you what I've got in here I
haven't gone today
just this for a little bit of fun just
to do maybe with his kids and then some
boots just nice simple it doesn't really
matter if I mess them up or no if they
get a bit dirty or whatever a jumper 60
shirts in there or and a vest to wear
just for like cozy cloves and then in
this side I've got my coat and then I've
also got five pairs of boxers two pairs
of jeans five pairs of socks and a pair
of tracksuit bottoms warts just like
this kind of thing what I'm wearing
today so that's all my clothes and
everything all those outfit choices and
then in my bag
taking a rucksack I've got my passport
holder a notepad headphones little box
of all wires and stuff my wash bag and
that's basically it I think that's all I
need and then I've also got like camera
charger and camera battery and vlogging
camera and stuff but that's all in the
other oh and I've got a spare vlogging
camera but that's well enough room
because I need to charge everything off
tonight so basically the plan the call
of action is that tomorrow morning I
have to leave here at half-past seven a
half hour seven I have to be at the
place for him do my theory test for
quarter to eight I start my theory test
eight o'clock in the morning I think I
think it done an average it is like an
hour I think but every time I've been
doing practice tests today I've been
doing them in like ten or twelve minutes
not even that so it'll probably take me
like I don't know half an hour or
something tomorrow I'm really hope I
pass like my fingers are so cost because
I just don't want to fail in it like I
don't I don't mind I wouldn't mind fail
in it it's not that it's like
embarrassing to fail although it's a
little bit embarrassing it's more just
because it gets so busy at Christmas
time
if I fail with this I'm going to
probably have to wait until like middle
of December to be able to retake it
because it's so busy at the moment so
that's that's gonna be the annoying
thing as that if I fail I won't be able
to pass my driving test because I can't
book my driving test till I pass this
probably until after Christmas so
fingers crossed
I passed this I've done 10 practice
theory test today and I failed one this
morning and then all the other ones I
passed today and just now I got like 48
and 47 or 48 and stuff like that out of
50 which is like really damn good
you only need 43 to pass so that side of
it is looking good it is just one when I
focus there we go it is just the what's
the other one called
hazard perception that I'm a little bit
like you about because I find it quite
hard to practice that one because there
isn't really much of it online where you
can practice I've only had one practice
go on has a perception so I feel like
what if I fail my theory test tomorrow
it's going to be because I failed hazard
but it's going to be because I failed my
has a perception and that is so annoying
so no because it's so simple but so
simple that it's also so simple to mess
up anyways I'm literally on a plane as
you're watching this like flying in the
air that is awesome that's so cool
it's going to be a busy all day tomorrow
I think in total it's like 13 hours of
traveling in one day and I land in Ohio
and like five past midnight like five
five midnight so technically Tuesday
morning and I think Romans going to meet
me there I'm a little bit nervous
forgive the roman is known for his
pranks and I just feel like I'm gonna
get there we're gonna be driving back to
his house and like a fake police car
will pull us over and arrest us or the
car like set on fire while it I just
don't trust him I know it is like with
his pranks I'm gonna be like sleeping
one night in bed in my boxers and then
the room will catch on fire or like
he'll pretend to like be a burglar and
running and kidnap me or I don't even
know what he's gonna get up to I'm
genuinely nervous about that there but
other than that I'm just so excited to
meet the family and everything and hang
out with them for a couple of days and
just get away you know and I said to him
is the weather good I'm really excited
because the UK where there's rubbish he
said no it's raining and it is freezing
especially the same as the UK then for
anyways I'm
super excited if you're excited me to
hang out Roman and stuff let me know in
the comments if you watch her in this
videos already if you're if you want to
wish me some good luck I to you you
might already know you might know if I
pass my theory test if you want to wish
me good luck my theory give the video a
thumbs up
although it's kind of already happened
by the time you're watching this so I
would if you passed or failed and then
I've got to tell you in tomorrow's video
where I passed or failed Oh guys please
say I pass I just have a feeling that
I'm just gonna mess something up really
simple and fail neither no anyways I'm
gonna end the vlog in here now guys
because zoey is fast asleep next door
and what's in it or not the next one
neighbor's house in our bedroom I'm in
I'm in the room next door better anyways
I'll catch you tomorrow
I'm super excited next time I see you
I'm gonna be like traveling on a plane
everything that day so I catch you
tomorrow good night mark you bat bat I
just got here he's got a package of
secret stuff I'm scared
