good morning guys I just woken up from
the biggest lion in the world it's like
11 o'clock it's 11 o'clock and Allah's
him none of breakfast yet she hasn't
even been outside for a week but she
doesn't seem to be needing it are you
disrespecting her just waking you up and
I get roll over your back yeah yeah the
US has asked us yes I see little cutie
she going both get some breakfast that's
what I want is that what you want
she's stretching again she is so tired
and sick you I am like I think I
overslept
the denial that's possible but if they
look on my hair I think I slept too much
I feel so tired today it's going to be
good and productive guys I can tell
already you know why because I'm going
to make it good and productive I've got
mr. Marcus Butler coming over to film
some videos bloomin AK that's where
Kamel my gosh the weather is horrible
it is so windy morning voice right here
and ice in left one of the windows open
in the in the toilet just there which
basically meant that all night could you
like blow the wind and stuff man it is a
horrible day which means I'm just going
to stay inside and cuddle my doggy and
relax and have hot chocolate which
sounds good to me
Missy yet EFSA decided come with me whoa
what's happenin is that nice
do you not want some breakfast instead
hello another Johnson breakfast she
seems pretty content with just licking
my knuckles it's good incest ya mean you
good answers go get breakfast together
just finished our breakfasts and we've
been playing like fetch for literally
like 20 minutes non-stop throwing a toy
bringing it back throwing a joy bring
about joy except for this little bit
harder
Nayla because she doesn't like to drop
her toys so do you do you little one so
I often have to play with two toys so I
throw one she brings her back and won't
let go of it I then get another Dwane
next to me and go oh what's this throw
that one which means she drops the first
one and then I thought and then she goes
against the second one brings it back I
pick up the first one and it goes round
round round and cycles right I'm about
to get in the showers you can double me
holding some boxes in my hand and Markus
is on his way he's just text me now and
is finished at the gym and he's coming
to Brighton now so I need to go and buy
some things for the new videos that were
going to be filming today which means
need sniff into town which means I need
to get my butt in the shower quickly the
only good day I hope you having a
productive good day Saturday today which
for me doesn't really make a difference
because the days of the week all just
merge into one and I film videos and do
work and emails and meetings on any of
the days I can just be I think sunday is
normally my busiest day of the week
which is often normally your guy is most
free day of the week so let me know what
you up to
on a Saturday I want to try and start
making sure that I have the weekends
more off so that I can hang out with
family and friends more when they're
free because quite often my busiest
times is in the evening obviously I'm
not uploading my daily vlogs and I'm
like filming gaming videos in the
evening and then on the weekends I'm
doing my main channel and stuff so I
want to try and start doing everything
Monday to Friday so I can hang out with
people more on the weekends but let me
know what you do on the weekend because
because of doing YouTube for so many
years now I literally just don't get a
weekend like I don't and I'm not
complaining this isn't me been like oh
my god feel sorry for me at all because
don't get me wrong I still get my
weekend but just like what a random day
in a week kind of thing but let me know
what you do on the weekend because I'm
just not used to I don't get that Friday
feeling of like yes it's Friday
no more college or work or school or
whatever you do with your time I'm so
happy it's Friday I never get that like
I just have random days off randomly
anyways I'll get it get in the shower
come on then slop head come in them
should get downstairs
let's turn these lights off let's go
sleepyhead Marcus has just texted me
said it's just got on the train so he is
on his way to bride tonyia now don't
know whether to say to film here with
him or whether to film in my office and
leave nada here or whoever to film my
office and just take Nala with me now I
don't think Nana has ever been to the
office before but I know we're not going
to film for too long because he gets
here at 2 o'clock and he has to leave by
3:30 so I could just leave her here
thank you so much have a lovely day
alright we're off to go get the stuff or
lemonade is horrible
off to go and get the stuff for this
video guys I might to stop filming my
camera is gonna get wet break this is a
brand new camera as well
lemon Eck yes British weather you're the
best I don't even know if the place is
gonna have everything I need but it's
the best shot
it's called doc rose
okay basically this is the stuff I need
guys this is exactly I don't know if
that's glass or acrylic perfect can they
cut it for me I don't need that much I
hope you ready for this video guys I got
the longest holes in the world they said
they can cut them but he would take two
hours to cut so I kind of just bought a
saw well I do it myself
of laminate and I've got to walk through
town these so just drop those massive
poles off at my office and now I'm off
to get the other part of the video I
don't even know if this is going to work
you know like I haven't properly thought
about this idea I just saw a picture
online or I think somebody doing what I
it was for my years and years ago in a
Japanese game show and I haven't even
seen a video of anyone doing that but I
want to try and recreate it I want to
try and do that so those guys just named
one Birmingham or maybe Bristol I
remember Birmingham ever super super
excited and no one like a school trip
and they just bumped into B now what
stars walking around and they were going
crazy which is so exciting that they
traveled six hours and just happened to
bump into me which is lovely so this is
where I think I'm going to get a couple
of the other things for the video
marking but but I just got here he's got
a package of secret stuff
so you guys stop I'm scared all I know
is that it's a horrible eating video
that you guys are gonna have to wait so
when's it going up next week so on
Friday you guys will see that I'm so
excited
nope you know I'm pathetic and when it
comes to eating I'm like the biggest
 there is like I'm so pathetic if
it smells good no it's not huge
have you tried that like salty licorice
and stuff you've never tried salty
licorice
we've just finished filming Marcus's
video it is now too
to cut all of these in half I haven't
actually told you what we're doing in
the video I'll explain it later to you
how bad is your video out of 10 I'd
honestly say like from all the videos
that I've done ever does unload some of
worse stuff like um I think the worst
not quite mentally hard the worst thing
I think was on your channel the bit the
palm worry about salmon in 10 awesome
night oh that's worth is something I
wasn't even sunless moly bit it is a
moldy rank fish yeah yeah you guys are
right for that we're now going to chop
all of these in half I've got a little
shore somewhere where's my saw what this
saw earlier so I could chop them all in
half although your your more manly than
me it's like a school it's like a war
from DT it is this now mmm you ready
yeah yeah yeah that's good oh that noise
oh my gosh that noise yo dude is it
contagious
finish filming my video how did it go
ask yourself Harlan they work better for
Marcus than it did actually it will be
up the same days you're watching this
show I leave a link down below to it so
you guys can check it out it was it was
better than what I thought because I
could have been a really big favor video
it works really fast
yeah it worked well and no not
especially for me it was so that for me
Marcus got off lucky Marcus got up very
lucky normally you lose it all in the
town if you're lucky I'm just talented
in this specific challenge basically
lower rise he nearly fainted as well
but straight up nearly fainted filming
happen because he was so scared so
scared he was going to lose an indie
paint it all right I'm just packing up
my stuff haven't even eaten my lunch yet
and I'm gonna head back to go see hon
Oliver's where's my little baby coming
in return you stress eye for a wee-wee
there we go
cameraman let's go outside for a wee-wee
good girl good girl baby coming in
quickly
hurry up had such had fun
that's gonna say day but it wasn't it
was like a brief afternoon film with
Marcus it was like old times just
hanging out having fun filming a couple
of stupid videos that I'm so excited for
you to see basically I haven't even told
you what was the one that was on come on
hurry up the one that was on my channel
so what we had is we had this plastic
see-through tubes I don't if you can
hear me because the wind is so crazy and
we put like dog tree so disgusting
disgusting like sweets and stuff I went
to a sweet shop and just give me
everything that's horrible everything
that is absolute disgusting I want one
of each and then basically we put it in
the middle of the tube and the either
side of us we had to like blow as hard
as we could the sweet from the middle
into the other ones mouth and whoever
had the weaker blow like whoever went
like the weakest it went into their
mouth I don't need you know I mean do
not mean basically it was sick and it
was so funny
now Marcus ended up doing much better
than me which meant I'd eat all the
disgusting stuff and you know how
pathetic I am eating stuff I am the
worst so I hope you enjoyed that video
as I said it's gone at the same day as
you're watching this coming
I know you need you know what you need
is well oh look at my hair
awesome I know what you want that's why
you're excited cuz it's dinner time it's
your dinner time baby how exciting is
that Wow
Oh calm down sit sit there we go baby
Salman is very excited actually I have
my lungi though so I might have my lunch
at the same time as nyla knowledge we
have lunch together Meenu oh god I never
ever can take off my coat whilst I'm
vlogging the neighbors are setting off a
ton of fireworks whilst I'm just editing
my new daily vlog and this little one
let's come up with some cuddles haven't
you got you know Christmas jump aid or
Christmas hoodie on should be early on
you I could handle it already look at
that you can click down you been brain
for bloody scary fireworks yeah it's
still not scared of them yeah
some dogs get super super scared of
fireworks and just don't know what's
going on and bark and cry and so we're
trying to get you as used to them as
possible one way you being a brave
little girl so far there was lots going
off a minute ago hi there give only a
taxi please right my taxis outside guys
now lives in a little pen heaven a
little to you havin a nice time
see in a minute baby I haven't told you
guys but as oh he hasn't been feeling
very well for the last couple of days I
was on FaceTime with her for a while
this morning and stuff so she's had to
unfortunately
postponed her Dublin meetup she managed
to still do her Edinburgh one today but
she's had to reschedule her Dublin one
for another time which means that she's
had to fly back change her flights and
fly back early so she gets into Gatwick
in so she gets into Gatwick I think in
about 45 minutes now she just texts me
before she took up
so I'm going to jump in a taxi now and
going to Gatwick so that I'm there to
meet her for when she lands which will
be nice so let's go to get wick got the
water got my phone got my camera in my
hand here let's go to Gatwick how you
doing
having a nice evening good yeah just to
get loose
thank you so much whether they have an
ID again alright so you've just arrived
now
and sorry should be arrived in in the
next 10 minutes or so but that is
landing time as well
wait departures that means taking off
wait
departures is taken off that isn't like
landing where they help the landing am I
going to the wrong place
I'm not taking off I'm not going away
I'm not meant to be in the departures
bit like the wrong side of the air for I
don't know what's going on all I know is
the Zuri lands in about ten minutes
which means that she'll probably take
like another ten minutes she hasn't got
she's only got hand luggage
so she's always had like another ten
minutes to walk through so
I probably got like 20 minutes matter
I'll grab a snack I have come to the
right they're up there says arrivals oh
no my hope of food is going they're
closing I'm a little bit confused down
here it says shuttled to South Terminal
and train station so he said she was
coming to the North Terminal honestly
deliver clear would have done on the way
here I did also manage to do a good bit
of revision for my theory test on Monday
which I barely revised for so far
hopefully I'll be able to do quite a bit
tomorrow
odd doesn't look like the right place I
should have made a little sign saying
Zoey
damnit only plane landed at 8:55 it's
from Amsterdam Zoey stop comfortable
apps that genuinely bigger might be the
wrong Airport guys I'm going to grab a
snack now just like a toasty or
something and check my text to see if
I'm actually going to the right place
for now
got myself a hot chocolate with caramel
marshmallows and whipped cream and then
also got ham cheese toastie and now I'm
just waiting for Zoey to come through so
after that 25-minute time-lapse that I
just shot now trying to wait for Zoey to
come through the doors my camera is now
flashing with low battery there Zoey
just run me like hey after come through
where are you all right what you haven't
come through I'm literally standing here
so yeah you must be at the wrong exit
brilliant that's just good
guys check out this car just on the side
there oh my gosh there's like it almost
reversed in I am finally back from the
airport guys picking the Zuri up and
then just realized the most annoying
thing ever I just had to nip to my
office and it's not even like close to
the house I tried to get a taxi to the
office get it to wait outside me run in
jump back into and come back just
because I left my frickin braces there
earlier on when me and Marcus were
filming obviously the challenges for
like eating challenges so I took our
braces to film and then left them there
and it's not good to sleep without them
so I'd go pick them up but I'm home now
and we have a wagon one mistake away so
I'm more happy no no baby no no no no
baby she's so tired
Oh stretchy stretchy I'm going to go to
bed now guys I've just popped downstairs
because my come about to just run out
charge this one is flashing zone it's
bad one I tried so I've got to be quick
I've just been on skype to my friend
Roman Atwood who also makes YouTube in
each you guys probably know who he is
you he has some crazy crazy popular
pranks and stay d blogs get incredible
amount of views and as you know for the
last couple of weeks or so we've been
chatting trying to sort out a way in
which we can hang out because he lives
in Ohio like 13 14 hour flight away and
I live over here in the UK so I think on
Monday I haven't booked my flight and
that battery just ran out of charge but
as I was saying I've just found my
flight that I want to get I haven't
booked it I've just sent him over the
details to say do these time and dates
match up with you but I think on Monday
I'm going to be flying out to Ohio to
hang out here and Brittany which will
just be awesome like I'm so so excited
because I've never met them before we've
talked online I've watched their videos
they've watched my videos but we've
never hung out and it's been so long
since I just flew aboard to go and hang
out and meet up with another youtuber
like I used to do that back in the day
Ares is like fly it to VidCon in LA and
then stay out of like an extra week or
flight to New York and just meet up with
other youtubers and stuff and I haven't
done it in a while because I've just
been so caught up and busy with
everything that's going on so I'm really
really excited and tomorrow morning
hopefully when I wake up I'll have a
message from him saying yes put the
flight would look a different flight
this one here and then I'm just going to
book it so Monday
I haven't booked it yet but on Monday I
think I'm going to be going to Ohio that
is crazy that is so crazy
I've never flown by myself and then I've
got like a 10 hour flight and then a
change and then another two-hour flight
all by myself which we cool I'm really
really excited and yeah I just thought
I'd let you know for in the vlog what's
going on what's happening because this
is so exciting he's kind of like me that
loves gadgets but he's got like tons of
land and like a massive massive house
like out in the middle of nowhere so
instead of his gadgets been like small
little cameras and remote-control little
like things to do around in the kitchen
on the floor
he's alike big big big like machinery
style toys so I'm just so excited I'm so
excited it's going to be awesome
yeah I'm gonna get to see guys and I'll
catch you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it if you're excited for me
involvement to hang out give the video a
thumbs up I will catch you tomorrow
morning with a brand new over here also
when you main channel video just went
live so click the link down below go
check it out I hope you enjoy it give
that one a thumbs up as well and I'll
see you tomorrow good night dad is gone
for a normal-size sandwich
they're very hard to turn 11 because I'm
a normal purse I definitely talk to the
guy how do i tackle this in more
