bring your breakfast gonna deliver that
give a little one let's go get some
breakfast good morning guys is is super
early and I've had barely any sleep I'm
gonna suffer today VAD bad because I've
had barely any sleep the time is 8
o'clock my trainer is going to be in
half in five minutes time to take me to
the gym just give another breakfast and
I went to bed I got to bed last night as
you saw we ended up getting a car home
yesterday because the traffic was insane
and the trains were messing up and
basically let me put you guys up here
while Starlog there we go
and basically got in last night got hot
past one didn't get seat last night
until like 2 o'clock and then I've just
been waking up which said the worst
night's sleep just waking up the whole
night we slept not on the bed as well
which made it a lot worse because she
loves it so much she's like amazing and
just stay still some night she's like
the wiggle monster and literally just
like moves around so much in bed lost
March was one of those nights so I
probably had about 4 hours sleep if that
maybe even less and I've got like a
blooming gym session 8 a.m. I'm gonna
find this one so hard and I haven't even
had any breakfast yet okay Missy your
breakfast has come in I don't even have
any breakfast yet butter
to wake me up sit good girl can you
enjoy that you enjoy that breakfast
don't get women at she's gonna finished
it in like 10 seconds gnarly it's so
fast I literally go go for it it's
absolutely insane and they do have these
things for dogs where you put their food
in these like little bumpy things so
that it's harder for them to get to
their food to eat it now I can't use
those because she's a puppy she's a flat
face and doesn't have a nose so if we
put it in some of those bumpy things
should be able to eat at all
so put it even worse the dog didn't eat
any wasted and stop it off with some
cereal and a protein shake
I swear I'm always so brushed in the
mornings like I should actually wake up
for one with enough time to have a
decent breakfast eating it slowly and
relaxing before going to the gym rather
than being like oh my gosh I have five
minutes until I need to with the gym no
no which is what it's like every single
day anyways I'm gonna have my breakfast
now I'll catch you up at the gym
starting up again with a row that's how
stop everyone are mowing
I'm Jake
just got back from the gym and I've
tidied the entire house from top to
bottom like I didn't bother filming it
because I just thought that'd be boring
but I've tidied everything in now so
look how spotless look at our table look
at the floor there's no dog toys nothing
in here everything is tidy there's a
couple of little bit still on there but
that's fine everything is tidy know that
if you like the tidy house do ya do ya
know over here everything it's all in
there boxes everything over here was
tidy this pleases me so much I've told
you guys before I think I have like an
obsession with everything being in its
place and type well I don't even think I
know I do I don't want to categorize it
call it OCD because I know that OCD can
be in a lot of different forms but there
is something about just having a try be
clean spotless house that I absolutely
love
zoe has left now she just left about 20
minutes ago
to fly I didn't actually ask where it's
not doubling I'm pretty sure it's
Edinburgh she's flying to today
she's got book signing there and then I
think she's doing Dublin I may be wrong
all I know is that she is coming back
here on Sunday afternoon that is it she
is away from today to a Sunday afternoon
it's just me and this little nugget down
here it's now she's mean you can't mean
you buddy
we're gonna have fun we're gonna hang
out together I think we are she knows
we're gonna have fun together there's
also nothing better than a cold bottle
of water like when you can see it misty
on the outside that means it's a good
bottle of water
I also need lots of lunch I have no idea
what to have lunch I don't even know
we'll be going off fridge oh my gosh I'm
hot I'm not I need have a shower as well
I might sweat you from the gym and then
sweaty from running around just now
tidying or the house blow me neck might
even go for a cheeky toffee hoops corner
I haven't had one of these corner
yogurts in
is Wow this is going to be delicious
also a massive thank you to the people
over Odia
there is an awesome company called oh do
you guys have seen before I posted some
of their stuff on Instagram but Zoe
ordered some stuff off they're like
three two or three days ago just bought
it like completely like normal it jus
chawed it online they obviously must
have like known who Zoe is from her
videos so they just sent Zoe and I a
president each which is really really
nice so thank you so much I have opened
it but I just thought I'd show you guys
as well and obviously this isn't
sponsored or paid for but this is the
box they sent just to me I've opened a
card already
it said Alfie on it there the card here
says I made it with my bum and a little
spider that's really really key I've
read that so thank you so much and then
they just sent me all of these gifts for
free this is a daily journal that looks
amazing like there's little note
sections days months objectives
timetable to dues activities projects
every single day I love it also feels so
nice so thank you so much there we go oh
dear they sell it in Urban Outfitters
there we go there's that they also sent
me three little packs like a little
triple pack of these nice you sent me a
dog nut card good a love card good
that's that's so dead Felix tomorrow if
you're watching look how cool that is a
nice little card here which I love I
read that I mean I'm not shaking because
I'm been working out on like this this
here is my favorite card they've sent me
I don't know yeah I mean it is
appropriate it's not rude but it is so
funny
another three-engine there we go another
365 days since you fell out of a vagina
hooray I just I don't know that's funny
another notepad you guys know I've got
similar notepad to this in bread that I
use all the time so thank you another
notepad go explore amazing another one
dive in amazing
one last card you're the best and then
this year which is the little crocodile
paper clips
so people are dear if you're watching
thank you so much for all of those gifts
I like genuinely really really liked
them all
thank you it's always handy to have
cards because I'm always the words that
remember when it's people's birthdays or
celebratory moments for people and I'm
like I should have got them card I don't
have one now I do now I can give them a
card from you guys this here is probably
my favorite thing that you sent me and
I'm going to use it I'm going to start
using it maybe we should start today in
today's vlog we should start using it
right some objectives some notes
timetables of what I'm doing throughout
the day and quite a lot and that's
almost like a 90 day challenge book like
a being productive book I love that
where's not gone where she run off to
Missy what are you doing I'm keeping an
eye on you
I am got myself some hummus and toasted
pizza and then over here if you haven't
got one of these I think it's called
like a George Foreman or maybe this one
is a Russell Hobbs I have no idea I know
that there is very popular brand of them
cook George Foreman it's basically like
a toasty maker it can cook meat it can
cook chicken or chicken is meat it can
cook halloumi so right now I'm just
cooking up some halloumi which is on
believable on this so just with that
with the big dog it is Nick Masset
I did not expect it to be that look at
that look at the blooming science around
with a dad is gone for a normal-size
sandwich
very hard to tell em cuz I'm a normal
birth ID that we've got to the guy how
do i tackle this anymore so the little
coffee shop we just ate in was there and
over here is like retro furniture itself
look how cool this table is so sick
that's cause now no that's all look at
the floor
it's okay dungeon look at this old
toilet and machine oh yeah only 300 yo
got in the top there it's 5:00 p.m. and
you know so dark like what they are it
looks more blue
Oh bad gate by car it looks brighter in
this camera than it is in real life guys
because the lighting of this camera is
really really good but I promise you in
real life if there was no lights around
here it would probably be almost pitch
black like it is so dark just got myself
a German bratwurst sausage and I'm about
to head home to go see the little pup go
see our little baby and then I've just
sorted out a tiny port jamie oliver's
tonight for my cousin
her boyfriend poppy and Sean and me
awesome
5th wheel right here fifth wheel amazing
I'm so excited
Zoe is away on the book side I'm sorry
maybe I should take someone like Jay
there's my date for though he lives in
London now
and Marcus all my boyfriend's who could
have taken as my dates for tonight but
they all live in London
anyways I'm about to head home now just
gonna jump in a taxi
hey baby no even a good girl Kim and
then she got stuck for a wee-wee coming
in outside good girl come on
I know it's cold and wet but come on do
you know what it's time for
I think you do yeah oh sit down down
goose yeah you have all your dinner it's
really coming back to an empty house
because obviously I'm used to Zoe
more or less as always here whenever I'm
out because one of us will be Oh looking
after the dog at once I feel bad saying
the dog I mean Nala and one of us is
more that's always home if we're not
then we're both out together so if I
frame at the same time
so that's strange coming back and it's
going to be soon true next couple of
nights coming back to an empty house but
is what it is Riley took my shoes off I
need a wee I've needed the toilet for
literally like the last hour and a half
really
also I forgot to tell you wait actually
realise that I left it in that me in my
coat pocket here
my what you guys know our two buttons I
have one for work and one for personal
where is there my work Bowen has been
messing up a bit recently although it is
is we're messing up a bit recently and
just turning off randomly by itself like
I've no idea why so until it's the
aftershock just then I said hey it keeps
on turning off by itself not really sure
why
it'll turn off when it's called like 67
percent yesterday and then I have to
plug it back into the wall to be able to
turn it back on and then it starts to go
to 67 percent really weird so I took it
in there they're like let's let's just
test the battery for you the battery was
fine they said the phone was a little
bit bent like a little bit curved so
they just said you're still in your
warranty
we'll give you a new one so they'd
literally just look at my bloomin hair
so they literally just gave me a brand
like this is brand new never ever used
before brand new out the packet hello
I haven't even all right Adel calm down
I haven't even like set it up or backed
it up yet so that's exciting
I went to town with a broken phone meant
to just over lunch with dad came back
with a brand new phone so I'm happy
about that right if I wait any longer to
go to the toilet literally get away
myself
look at the fridge this is literally
killing me
puddings puddings the biggest cake that
entire thing is a chocolate bar more
puddings more puddings ohh
oh my gosh even more up there and more
down the side and more is this more hot
shut our thick rich and velvety smooth
hot chocolate
no get out of here get out of here
that's my blooming favorite chocolate my
gosh lover you're trying to kill me by
buying all this stuff couldn't you sort
out and read the comments and see what
you guys are saying about my new daily
vlog because it has just gone live I
uploaded it all this morning and I
believe it is about five minutes past
5:00 so I want to go and read the
comments and see what you guys are
saying about the new vlog that's what I
like to do I'm going to try and balance
you in a bottle of water for a minute as
soon as my new videos go up
I like to just sit here for a bit or not
necessarily here but just sit down from
it and really doing the comments and see
what you guys are saying so that's what
I'm gonna do now and I've also got my my
hot dog ah I've just realized that is
bomb boy it was bonfire night yesterday
in in the UK but because it was a
Thursday there wasn't really too many
fireworks no no I was super super scared
of them but there wasn't too many so I'm
feeling that a lot of people are going
to do all of their fireworks tonight
which means nanyem is gonna be so scared
like I know last night as I was texting
me video her dislike just like huddled
up to Zoey like what's happenin mum so
depending on how many fireworks there
are is whether or not I'm gonna go to
Jamie Oliver's restaurant tonight with
poppy and Sean and my cousin and that
because I don't want to leave my home
alone if she's if she scared you
same with octo you flaming a little up
to purse ha
bring it here yeah oh yes yes yes yes to
us having three hours sleep last night
has hit me guys I am now tucked up in
bed with this little one I put a little
Christmas jumper on her so it's like
she's getting cuddled constantly she
loves wiring clothes so much she's like
so relaxed I was literally just watching
YouTube videos downstairs on my laptop
sitting at the kitchen table and my eyes
were going you know when you just can't
even keep your eyes open that was
happening so I thought this is just
silly I should have come up get under
the blanket it's six o'clock now I don't
have to be at the restaurant to a half
past seven with the others so I'm just
gonna set my alarm on my phone for six
no not for six for seven and so it went
on for seven and have like an hour's nap
I still haven't set up my new work phone
yet I need to do this but the wire is
downstairs and the last thing I want to
do right now is go downstairs to get the
wire I'm Way too tired good morning guys
I've woken up and I'm so tired let me
share how late I am for dinner
I haven't set up my phone yet the time
went again for dinner half past seven
it's 7:50 and already 20 minutes late
and my only phone has 9 percent charge
and this lack this camera is flash and
charge all right let's go to Jamie
Oliver's I want to change top I might
wear this well that's not very ironed
taxis outside right
that will do hey there are you doing
everything good evening
kid kids weird going on Jamie Oliver's
background for mr. Jamie Oliver's
restaurant which was absolutely
delicious I didn't end up really filming
much because I just wanted to have a
proper chat like it turned out to be
like a three-and-a-half hour meal but
that is the longest meal I think I've
ever been to but it was nice to probably
catch up everyone my phone died about
half now into the mail which means that
I haven't been able to chat like Twitter
about my new video haven't been able to
habla I know I was meant to be filming
some gaming videos tonight with Jay
but we're meant to filming like 10
o'clock and now it's half past 11 so I
don't know what's happening with that
also I just got in to see this which
means that Zoe didn't buy with that
chocolate stuff herself which is
probably good because there is an
obscene amount of chocolate for one
person when I'm trying not to eat stuff
like that Zoe we're so pleased to see
that you're a fan of argu salted caramel
hot chocolate so here are a few of our
other delicious puts for you to indulge
in brackets and your family and friends
if you're feeling generous the GU team
so Zoe must have been send all of those
delicious chocolates I'm so tempted to
have fun because we didn't have a
dessert tonight but I shouldn't maybe
I'll just have a small one maybe I'll
just pour chocolate and vanilla
cheesecake oh my gosh or this here I
think I'm gonna have to have a chocolate
and vanilla g escape or into the gym
this morning so I deserve it I deserve
it
I'm all tucked up in bed now Nala is a
little bit cross with me because I know
she's all better now she's come and sit
with me I just cleaned all of her face
her eyes her ears and pugs have like a
crease along here it's like a hole I'll
show you a mommy wound I'm not gonna do
it now because she'll get annoyed
because I've just finished everything
but I'm they've liked a crease and I'm
heading up to clean in the inside and
clean their ears and their eyes and make
a head smell nice didn't weigh made you
smell nicer right I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
good oh do you like the end god by the
way I thought I made a new little end
card thing I don't if you've noticed
after at the end of all my videos let me
know the comments if you liked it give
it
you die death good night boy is
literally keeping the red carpet warm is
so nice
