good morning guys today we're starting
off with breakfast in bed
courtesy of Zoe we've got scrambled egg
on bagel with tomato ketchup
unfortunately I was up here I feel
really really bad I've just been up here
editing today's video like the daily
vlog and I didn't realize while side Zoe
was calling me from downstairs been like
come on let's have breakfast together
come on so she just came upstairs with
my breakfast now Murphy you missed
breakfast I'm like what she's I've
already two minor thought we were gonna
eat it together I feel really bad I was
just editing my daily vlog instead
because it is 20 minutes past 9:00 I've
got to get the train at 10:49 I have to
get that train only otherwise I'm gonna
be late for this filming I'm doing in
London and I've got 41 minutes of daily
vlog footage to edit that is gonna take
a bloomin long time yesterday's vlog was
hilarious if you haven't seen it already
pause this one go down below click the
link so in previous video it was so
funny like I just shows owee
and she was like right off and there was
such a funny bit in a kebab shop and
under the oh man yeah go check it out
you have it already I'm gonna quit the
Korean engine this now kept you in a bit
I mean I definitely didn't miss the
first train or anything guys like four
minutes till my next train and haven't
got it yet
I'm gonna miss my second training today
three minutes to go guys
even though we missed the train it is
still worth walking it all the way to
the end so then when we get to Victoria
we don't have to walk all the way to the
end if that makes sense I don't know man
I've not even had breakfast I didn't
even get time to eat the scrambled egg
there's only minutes more I feel really
bad
get the view yeah I'm just a taxi now of
and eating our lunch or his breakfast
for me as well and just gotta have
protein I'm you don't be worked out
today at night last night tonight
tonight I'll say I'm not working out
today
all right out yesterday and tomorrow
we've got some like rice and chicken and
stuff of that and some guac and then
we're off to do a shoot like a video
shoot but I'm not allowed to say what
it's for or that's it when it's coming
out yeah sometime early in December
I'm not allowed to say what it's for
which means most of not allowed to film
in which is great great for the daily
vlog can't film what I'm doing but then
why guys cuz amended the premiere nature
of the Hunger Games don't if I've told
you today but I told you at the end of
yesterday's video and I'm taking my mum
so my mom's gonna come up from Brighton
and we're gonna do that together which
be nice we also think we just saw the
Queen I legit now I think we are look at
a Ferrari where are we I mean I think we
just saw the Queen as well guys G
forgives the Queen I think it was I know
I think it is the Queen we just saw like
for Mercedes are all that blacked-out
luxury cars with like three blacked-out
Range Rovers run evil up on the sides on
the end of like that when a squad of
cars or whatever yeah all the number
plates like unit 39 unit 33 unit like
they were all the numbers from action it
was definitely I think it was the good
old Queen I think the queen she was
coming to my video shoot
I think she is because she wanted a
selfie with me I remember her telling me
one time all those times I met her she
wants to know me that is one of my goals
in life is to be night of olive oil
I'm not actually reading I'm actually
being serious I don't know what I would
do to ever deserve it I did haven't got
out find the planning process yet but is
there there will be something would you
be the little sir I think so sir our few
days there we go everybody
should finish up the top-secret shoot
we're now off to meet mum and Maddie
from tonight we've just been practicing
my theory test in the guy how did it go
we did one together in past it it was so
hard
like did you think we passed it I only
see thought we've got like 25 of you
drive yeah we got like the first five
questions me naturally if you like I
have no idea in handy has a licence but
all of those ones right yeah although
they can write I did run on the train as
well you have to get 43 at 52 parts I
got 40 at 50 it's only just failed but
I've barely done any revision so I don't
if I told you but I've moved my test to
Monday now at 8 a.m. on Monday so I've
got a couple of days to revise what
three days to revise I can do so I can
do enough a couple of tests on the train
tonight on the way home I get fifty at
50 I imagine I've got hazard perception
as well I haven't done anything of that
is that one hard I got it it was nearly
too powerful on the phone I haven't done
anything one has a perception yeah so I
need to arrive that as well
look how pretty the nights are guys hey
hey Dad I didn't want to make friends
with me damn it
let's see if anyone else wants to make
friends hi
if she wanted to make friends hey little
E's so immature
come on friends and no one else want to
be friends hello London's not very
friendly place
hey give us friendly Hayden
good you having a good day you know
oh no no you've got such a better side
you've got the right side damn it yeah
let's try again let's try and get a
high-five
okay I'm just gonna go for a high-five
oh my gosh oh yes yes everyone loves it
when we cut it with videos if it's me
you like to cuddle
god only went with Jo
yeah was every joke yeah are you I knew
there was nobody was there no are you in
Fleming out I want to I want to go back
to the or should we do it okay I love
Chinatown to the point where she watched
all of the Hunger Games being a road
this week I haven't even done because
I've got a gold wristband which means
I'm allowed to take my phone and camera
through thanks Maddie this coffee is
crazy guys
Louise is lovely Louise is getting all
the pictures every time I come to
college Louisa rinses she gets so many
good
spire is literally keeping the red
carpet warm
it's so nice all right I don't know what
I'm doing now
so Samaras come all the way to Denmark
to send me tonight you're crazy
are you excited I love your hair looks
so good amazing that's so good
thank you how are you guys you get no
you did that is insane yeah that's
blooming good how did you find that
thank you so much what's next so we got
here sweet and salty
and there's Louise and Maddy
me and mum we thought with the chairs
with the chairs are like leopard print
it's such an honor to such an inspiring
Josh Hutcherson
so much to us and we're so happy they
mean so much to you I really hope you
enjoy the final installment and finding
if I find it as good moving as we all do
this guy's just doing fireworks in the
street what the hell
this man's literally just doing
fireworks in the street in the middle I
have just got home now after the longest
evening of traveling in a while Yeah
right I don't know how I do it happens
so often I just forget how bad London
traffic can be like I don't know if it's
because it was bonfire night but I mean
there was like a demonstration or
something I don't even something on
going on in London which made it even
busier that's what the police said
anyway but we we waited 25 minutes for a
taxi for an uber we were eight to 25
minutes uber for our car to take us to
the train station so we missed one train
which was at 11:07 we missed that then
we were on the way to the train station
it was meant to take in 11 minutes and
it took to get just near the train
station no deal it was mentioning 11
minutes we didn't even get like five
minutes away so we did about six minutes
to travel in that took thirty five
minutes in the back so we missed two
more trains then the only trains
available left were like changes and got
back to it like two hours and just so so
long so I ended up just saying to the
driver
please can we talk about the brighten
instead like it's gonna take so long in
a train I've got the gym 8:00 in the
morning so ended up getting a car all
the way back home now and the time as
you can see out there or you can't see
probably it's 20 minutes past 1:00 in
the morning
today has been incredible it's such a
shame that I couldn't show you what I
was filming earlier how have I did film
it all it's just going to go up early in
December on this channel the premiere of
us was sick
the film was sick it's not and like
going to premiere so I normally I get
invited to a lot but I always say that
and that I don't want to do it just
because it's such an occasion like it
takes so long to dress up smart goes way
to London so I said two hours of
traveling get there early watch the film
another two or three hours today was
like blooming three hours to get home is
so it takes out like most basically all
of the day going to a premiere and often
our dropper film videos for you guys
instead of doing that so I don't really
often say yes to premieres however
Hunger Games I love my mum loves The
Hunger Games so we made it an occasion
and mum came up and it was awesome we
had so much fun with or Jennifer
Lawrence there and they were just
standing next to some really really
famous people and just everyone the cast
I was very very surprised with how
amazing they were to the crowd like I've
been to a lot of premieres of my time
and I've never seen celebrities that
actors sign for as long as the cast of
The Hunger Games did tonight so hats off
to everybody in The Hunger Games who was
out there signing for hours with the
crowd who turned up to see you you guys
you get all my support absolutely
amazing job you were literally signing
stuff for people
non-stop and I love that that is what
it's all about so good good job anyways
I'm gonna go to sleep now guys
Zoey Anala fast asleep upstairs because
it's 20 minutes past 1:00 I've got the
gym 8:00 in the morning
so I catch you in the morning for the
gym session together I hope you're
having a positive day I hope you guys
did something today that was out of your
comfort zone that you stepped out the
comfort zone and did something different
exciting new challenging something that
you've wanted to do for a while if not
then make that day tomorrow plan
something tomorrow that you have never
done before that you've always wanted to
do whether that's try a new food
something small like that whether that's
booked a flight to another country
whether that's talk through your crush
that you're too scared to talk to I
don't know just do something tomorrow
because you can do it that's a good
enough reason because you can why not
what's stopping you anyways
I'll gonna end the vlog now catch you
tomorrow good oh did I say give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it if you did
give this video a thumbs up catch you
tomorrow good night happy birthday
