yeah it is officially getting cold oh my
gosh
whoa good morning guys
good morning how you doing hey you're
having a lovely day yeah early this
morning to head into Brighton for a
meeting with a potential partner what's
happening Oh to meet a potential partner
for this new massive office that were
building super exciting then straight
after that we're going into filming
something really exciting then after
that I've got another meeting then after
that I'm free for a few hours then I've
got another meeting tonight then a
haircut
and I've also got to prepare for this
mammoth trip if you have no idea what
I'm talking about I've planned a trip a
holiday the trip of a lifetime for three
of my school friends and they have no
idea where we're going or anything all
they know is that we're leaving on
Wednesday night and we get back on
Sunday night they know nothing else also
this morning was the very first time
that I've listened to why you peeping at
me then I've listened to Taylor Swift's
yo I need to defrost my window Taylor
Swift's new out I'm like blinded Taylor
Swift's new album I cannot explain him
her love her bright that bit is yeah oh
come on
I probably shouldn't be doing this I
should probably be actually defrosting
they're like you meant a way to describe
the weather today is like to know like I
wish I bought gloves this is the first
day of the year that I wish you had
gloves on me you know when you just get
the feeling that today is going to be a
good day that's how I'm feeling about
today there's a super interest in
meeting just then there's definitely
space and definitely room for us to to
work and collaborate on some stuff
together to help meet the new office
space what we see it being in our heads
I want to show and chapter Zoe and
capture capture up about the
conversations that I just had but but
right now
but right now Zoe and poppy and Sean
actually coming into Brighton now into
town and we're filming a super fun part
of this vlog together so we've teamed up
with Mentos and I mean I'll tell you
more in a second one with the other guys
but we basically we're working together
on this video on this vlog that you're
watching I'm kind of a little bit
nervous but if you know me and you watch
these vlogs you will also know at the
same time that I love this kind of stuff
this is the kind of stuff that like gets
my heart going you probably have no idea
what I'm talking about you're going to
see in a second yeah - we're just
planning we're just planning the video
now we've got to get some release form
is full shortage so that people who
don't realize they're going to be in my
video
or okay be into the video because I'm
going to tell them off you're sleeping
just drop my phone X we're all good yeah
I know if I got a case on right we're
having a practice run through of the
video we're about to film you've been
cheated papi you need to give one to
Sean boy he's got it but the key is I
haven't even explained this in my video
you've got to make someone else do that
with you yeah basically on the 21st of
November is weld hello day the word
hello has become a little bit
meaningless people just use it to
flippantly so mentos are given people
the opportunity to say more than just
hello they've got these packets here and
on the inside on each one it provides
you with a with a different way to
interact with someone so the challenge
today is we're gonna have teams out the
team soccer team your name is gonna win
right can we get away poppy and we are
gonna take turns picking one of these
and Sean and I have to go up to a
stranger in the street and use the
talking point on here for example
moonwalk I've already had a packet and
there's so many different funny there so
there are like there's one which says
week after week I can't even wait I know
that's not can you
like hey I'll be like I'll get it okay
okay - gotcha no mana be like puppy and
Zoey are both gonna choose to go up to
honest Eve day like they get to pick
them and then though we have to do them
we were just lost although I love this
I've just had a double coffee in that
meeting I just had a minute go so I'm
sharing as well I doubled that coffee
and I've currently like who's going
first we both need to get packing no I
want to go first okay show you how it's
done
no you just give me one from the packet
did you just take this out do you want
to Sean first one whatever is give it to
Sean I didn't either worth what is that
or should we see our gonna see what mine
is first oh you got an easy one you guys
smile no but we have to is they have to
smile back I've got this don't you re
I'm eating alone I'm eating on my
advantage
nearly I lost track here this of course
you can work with mentors on a video
today whether basically you do where to
send how many people I just lost from
short at the small one whilst I was
doing that like he'll just beat me yeah
I thought I had that in the bag she had
really small hands and she beat me she
once got orchid once it's super easy
smiling its eyes are just going like Oh
Joanna share a smile but yeah it's just
sharing a smile is it like that
infectious thing we my fit this woman
here this woman here needs a smile show
you okay this guy amis why have I been
given the most all good one with someone
guys can you just share a smile with me
quick Bosh there nice smash dude no I
know this is not come fresh out of a can
look at look how many you've eaten they
picked me they picked me hard ones on
purpose what is this you've gone through
the shake head oh sure headphones oh my
gosh okay this is a good one I gotta
share headphones for someone okay what
shortens what shawne's that's a good one
what is it oh nice the one that's the
one
no low five low you guys have got this
you are winning I'm on the scout to find
somebody with headphones can I do you
might undermine what you're going in
there Johnston is in a shop I need night
in a need to mic in ear headphones come
on surely we're finding it so hard
Sean's trying to cheat and just put
headphones on from in here
that's GM that's cheated you guys share
headphones there's somebody in a shop
know that's cheatin I need to find
someone on the street can't find anybody
with the right kind of headphones why is
no one listening to music and Brighton
the next I don't get this
whatever headphones the next person is
wearing is it is that guy got some money
where with this with the scarf on here
he's not gonna yeah let me share
headphones no no my hey excuse me can we
shoot can I listen to your music can we
share headphones No
okay honey is this just gonna have to
count as a lot can you please like after
that clip when he refuses you can you
please put like a little violin also I
try to put me the slide going up into a
ball on the floor taking a loss on this
one I can't seem to find anybody who is
willing to share headphones or even
anybody who's wearing headphones we're
taking an L no luck
just getting rejected one last try
that's right
hey excuse me picking the next tweets
Shaun's winning team Sofia winning 2-1
all right what we say in the pressure
really good all right
showing your turn hope you got fit or
vishawn run a race last we good one
oh we need to take this serious we got
we've got a start line here I'll come
down for a finish as if Shauna's got
away with running here only just only
just off-camera Sean was stretching
beforehand warming up yeah
he's been practicing running all day
just in case he gets that one you know I
got this though you know I'm a savage at
what paper scissors or against myself do
you know how to play rock paper scissors
one two three
sure a short you late once we go three
two one then reveal yeah three two one
apparently that go down there was
singing along the headphones really
happening I just got there and I promise
you I shared headphones drove her we're
listening to music but she just didn't
want to be on camera which is completely
fair enough it got completed it's half a
point I'll give you half a point she was
up for doing there were jamming to her
music but she just didn't believe on
camera Jeff always who Justin Timberlake
on as well did you enjoy it
Phil it's right there
I enjoyed it the only thing that was
weighted was it was the headphones that
went round over your ear so it wasn't my
conscious listening it was like I was
not wearing her head this right ok we're
on a mission we just saw some friendly
people with friendly faces sick of the
camera yeah are you doing it best out of
three yeah okay limber up Oh
big shock Oh what they charge oh oh boys
happening oh no it's good that was good
Mentos basically on the video today
which mission they've got these potholes
I've eaten one of them yeah so you guys
will take them
so I see just with the high-five
rock paper scissors right yeah brilliant
okay the thing with that challenge
because I won that counts as two points
it does so over all three I got three
and a half why does that count because
on it because I wonder what paper
scissors
I just teams out be one teams out be
Zoey we won overall that counts as two
points because I wonder what maybe
Scissors game yeah I did I did have two
and a half points and Shaun had three
but then I won that I want to eat them
all George had like a whole packet
whilst we've been playing yeah that's so
good
bro you nearly won Congrats you know the
thing is like if you think about it
being serious you can know but you came
second that sounds good
people just don't know it's out or two
are we just giving them at people don't
head to the office catch people up on
the chats that we just had potential new
office super exciting stuff oh just how
to catch up with my creative producer
and now I'm jumping straight in the car
and specifically the Range Rover I have
to go and get some stuff called AdBlue
put into the car which is which is
basically linked to our diesel exhaust a
diesel exhaust fluid that's popping up
now to tell me to fill it up don't you
worry
I'm coming to fill it up
so they're going to be ready in a minute
but this is dangerous because the new
fella this guy here
mrs. Oh II know I want it so bad though
he wants one more than anything see them
got a little copper trim rose gold down
there I mean I wouldn't get in white but
yeah this is the car of Dreams to help
my O's oh just leaving the Range Rover
garage now and heading out to go and get
some lunch
watch this sort out all of the car and
everything there's such a nice bunch of
people in there it's just every time I
go in I see that Villar and I are so
nice I wish I had my drone here flying
it underneath those bridges along the
water look at that and they're going
into my favorite cafe ever
I'm talking about just picked up some
cakes for people back in the office
Missouri and Tracy managed to edit my
entire vlog while Stan oh the lens looks
a little bit dirty one minute I managed
to edit my entire vlog while sitting
down and having lunch which I'm happy
about
although to be able to get it up at 5
o'clock on time I'm gonna have to just
grab the car keys
hopefully the cars done and go straight
away
otherwise the blog's gonna be late and
we don't want late blogs now to do wait
that's not what we want I've got my car
back you know that's why I thought
mm-hmm so it literally looks like this
is 10 seconds later in the vlog but it
is definitely not I just completely
forgot film and I just got my haircut I
haven't put any hair product in it yet
so it's super straight at the moment but
I just got all my hair trimmed it all
cut short ready for my trip which you
guys don't know where I'm going what are
you saying no what are you saying it was
only in today's vlog or maybe
yesterday's vlog that I was talking
about how good I've been recently you're
my hair looks so straight when I saw
about how good how good I've been
recently with my braces
I've been unbelievable at wearing them I
meant to well in 20 hours a day and I've
been wearing them 20 hours a day for the
last like week that is until today when
at some point during the day I'm
guessing even the cafe in Lewis or in
Range Rover when I was getting the car
sorted
I lost the top brace so I have no braces
for here only for the bottom and I can
switch to the next set but I don't know
if my mouth is ready like my teeth are
ready to switch to the next set so I'm
gonna have to go upstairs now and try
and put the next set in early even
though I'm not meant to be wearing them
yet just cuz I lost them
I don't know how looks it like I
normally take my braces out when I'm
eating and put them in my pocket and
then before I put them back in and I
washed them but I obviously put my
braces in my pocket and my work faux
goes in the same pocket so I must have
pulled my work phone out of my pocket
and not realized that one of my braces
fell out so annoying but is what it is I
thought and let you know right anyways
I'm gonna end the vlog here because I'm
gonna go upstairs and try and put the
new braces in I'm also going to go and
probably have it and actually do I need
a shower
now I'll have a shower tomorrow morning
I'm gonna go upstairs play on my
playstation for a little bit and good
sleep I hope you enjoyed the vlog if you
did give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
the mentos bit as well like how sick was
that you know when people do like
sponsor videos and they collaborate with
brands and things this video is like the
dream collaboration with Mentos me poppy
Zoe and Shaun all messing about in
public having so much fun saying hello
to people interacting people in
different new fresh ways go check out
the new Mentos go enjoy them and I'll
catch you tomorrow morning one day
closer to the big trip that I can't tell
you about but is going to be sick also I
haven't even spoken about in today's
vlog yet the Christmas merchandise
that's dropped if you guys want a PB
Christmas pops or get a PB Christmas
phone case happy holidays or I signed
Christmas P be festive poster all signed
by me link is down below go check them
out I catch in the morning
