good morning guys it is pretty early
it is 802 in the morning I am intrigued
and picked up on my train of each clock
still having a breakfast typical Alfie
running late although not is having her
breakfast done there already
you've already finished it bloomin ech
Missy you need to calm down
you need to slow down on your eatin
we've got to have something quick
evidently because a train is probably
outside I've had half a banana but I
haven't finished hit hair I need to have
something else so I might quickly make
some cereal and then then I'm off to the
gym off to the gym
are you ready Nala you ready I've got
something even more fun than playing
with your toys no no look come here now
that can then go see mommy go wake her
up
haha is she jumping in your head haha I
opted for some wheat of X which I always
feel is like a good option unless you
are not planning to eat your food
quickly because if you do not eat
sweetie books quickly they soak up your
milk like no more like the quickest
thing ever and then you end up like the
biggest sloppiest cereal in the world
oh so I'll get my hair cut today I can't
be forgetting about that
that is exciting I need to stop vlogging
and I need to eat my food or that my
trainer isn't outside yet so I'm not
running late
I'm just very close to being late
so I got a got it wrong this morning
guys I didn't have the gym at 8 o'clock
I had it this lunchtime at 1:30 so I got
all ready and dressed and everything to
go to the gym and then it wasn't that
that wasn't when I was getting picked up
on my trainer so instead I've come to
town did a little bit of work do some
emails got the daily vlog up and
everything
and now I'm just grabbing some lunch for
like three minutes until my haircut
which is at 12 o'clock and then I'm
going straight from my haircut I'm going
to jump in the taxi and go to the gym
and I've got my gym bag with me and I'm
gonna have to get changed to the gym and
everything and then off to the gym I'm
going to go back to the office and do
the work but today films from gaming
videos and stuff so I had a video a bit
of a mismatch morning gonna get some
lunch I've just come out of the
hairdresser's and I bumped into Sarah
it's so nice to you look at the Hat I
love it yeah thank you having a good day
yeah you having a good time here yeah of
course I love you know yeah like this is
the best yeah so happy
whereabouts in Germany south of Germany
goes to Munich okay yeah nice there's
lovely to meet ya
have a nice day she was so sweet all
right the haircut is done and look a
little bit um there we go like it what
do you think it's just a little bit
shorter the top isn't much shorter just
the sides in the back and just a little
bit trimmed and sharpened up I've now
got to rush straight off to the gym need
to get changed in the gym as well
also cheer like sparkles all over I've
been and good about today just dropping
my bag off my laptop and everything to
the office
because I don't really want to take my
laptop to the gym with me
I accidently realize that I've just
pressed this button here instead of the
bottom of my claw
so hopefully five grade are on their way
yoyoyo right
gym bag damn throw that bag over there
see you in a bit actually what am I to
do really quickly it just get changed in
here so they have to get changed at the
gym that way I save more time and put
you over here I all change I'm ready to
go to the gym I feel really good today
just like anything is possible kind of
day so if you're if you're wanting to
get or do something in life today is the
day for you to go and do it step out
your comfort zone and go and do that hi
there hey I'm great thanks you having a
good day
good good I always stop every session
with a light little bro just for a
couple of minutes to warm up
ten just arrived we've literally got
this entire part of the gym to ourselves
and you guys know that I love with the
bars and doing all that kind of stuff
we've literally got it to ourselves
today so sick but it's gonna try and
pull up and catch that so on oh my gosh
right just carried my second monitor and
my microphone on its arm and the world's
heaviest bag this bag is another Mary
Poppins bag let me show you I'm just
going to quickly set this screen up so
that it's joined to this one because as
you know when I record videos I have two
screens and let me sort all of this out
and then I'll show you what's in the bag
second screen is that I've hugged it in
or anything yet because all of the
cables that are in here so let me put
you down here this is what is inside my
bag microphone stand
whyever my monitor camera another camera
GoPro another camera another GoPro
little bits and bobs
an extension need more and little bits
and bobs more little bits and bobs even
more little bits involves a stand for my
laptop another camera
more bits and bobs a video CD drive
thing lunch another lunch and that is it
that is everything but limit Hey look
how much stuff just fit in my bag all of
it so useful and I just need to scatter
across my office put it in the right
places let's put it up here that's where
my little tree can sit like oh cool that
is I have got the sickest set up all set
up from gaming videos check this so I've
got let me put that down there I've got
my microphone here record it all upside
down recording my audio wait stand back
up there we go
I'm a little camera filming me for when
I'm filming gaming videos and I got a
screen here which I'm about to play in
akinator video now then I've got another
screen over there I'm going to put my
hand over it with emails on and then a
screen of a little laptop down there
just to do extra bits if I need to I
need to stop faffing and get on and film
because tonight shall I tell you what
we're doing tonight should I not tell
you shall I tell you should I not tell
you tonight is cheese or today is cheese
birthday you guys all know my friend
shave my friend my name is Jay it is his
birthday today
he is back down in Brighton celebrating
with his family and friends as well so
tonight I think we're going to go for
dinner go out for dinner changed accent
then we're going to go out for dinner
about half past 7 or 8 o'clock and then
I don't know what we're going to do
afterwards and yes we're going to do
something fun because this is birthday
but I don't know what so that's really
really really cool going to see we're
going to see the bad day boy I'm so
excited I'm so excited right innit
I need to come this video first I catch
Internet the most annoying thing about
making videos is when like the equipment
just fails like I literally spend so
much money and you guys know that on all
my equipment
my microphone and my cameras and buying
new cameras all the time and new laptops
and computers to try and make sure that
the videos for you are as best as
possible
and then stuff like this happens and it
just annoys me so much like I literally
I've got garage I record all my audio on
a program called GarageBand it basically
looks like this so I have no idea all I
do want is literally just record audio
me speaking into my microphone for my
gaming videos so I was recording that
for the new akinator video finish
recording it try and save the file and
then it just goes marinara man crashed
and nothing I can do so literally my
audio just recorded all that video has
just gone God gone away and I'm going to
try and open up recent files and it's
just literally just not there so there's
nothing I can do that audio is gone now
luckily I have it recorded from my
camera but it's not my microphone set
this wrong it's super echoing if it was
in a normal room it wouldn't have been
as bad but the audio is just awful or
does it Jacob obviously doesn't do that
guys okay so goodness so annoying when
it's not my fault when some of this
happens I think I'm just gonna I'm gonna
upload the video still because if it was
a really really good video just be
prepared that the audio isn't going to
be the best quality so you just up there
we go
come on focus new camera let's you've
got this two days ago there we go don't
you love it when you go to the toilet no
I didn't even go to the toilet
I literally just watch watch my hands
and it looks like I just peed all down
myself look awesome looks like wet
myself I didn't it was just the tap
Lucas is the birthday boy whoa
how's your birthday going bro yeah it
gives knee jerk is should give them an
outfit of the day
oh oh TD do you ever do that in your
vlogs so this jacket from Holland
Topshop
got a beam white shirt quite nice goes
well together this looks like in from
NASA ghosts and a little belt some black
tapered jeans not skinny today some grey
supras does a 12 there we go
you dressed so much better than me I've
come from why when I went to the gym
then I'm popped home and got changed
into cozy clothes because I knew I was
just gonna film here so I'm literally
got plain t-shirt on and then like
tracksuit bottoms yeah but I do have I
drove my clubs earlier on so I got
changed in hidden night area so I've got
my clothes down there so if we go out
for like snacks or drinks or whatever we
end up doing tonight then I have got
better clothes and tracksuit bottoms
don't you alright guys things I'm not
going out to we're not shall i wear
yourself as well I do that I've got wet
myself oh I didn't even go for a wee yo
J is 22 today p fo 22 yo give me some
how's it bill your old run
I'm a with my people
also send dryer washer French people who
are like 30 K PI yeah it's crazy
we're not on those 20 G's everybody -
that's sick are you ready all right
that's a table tennis some other guys
are here now we got laureates and Shea
who've just bet 20 pounds on the game it
- what was it how much was that fiber a
500 every table tennis
they have both rubbish so they they got
no home almost
Morgan's watching gaming video is what
is this goodbye guys the other two going
for away Morgan is somewhere making
creepy noises I bet you started to the
lamb today he's actually not where is he
we'll get haha oh my gosh why we're just
leaving the office now playing table
tennis for ages we're going to try and
scare the others we don't know how or
where we're going to scare them from but
I feel like we should show you down to
the bottom and get in the lift or the
doorway open this is the sketches lift
in the world as you know right close the
doors
and then we wait they innovate and come
down
we've got two options ice Margot we
either wait here and they're going to
call the lift and then once they call
the lift will drop out of them well
they're not getting a lift
and then what we'll do is we'll just
jump out with them then walking on the
set for now except that you know the bad
thing is the door doesn't open the door
doesn't like Laconia ice is going up
it's going up in live code are we gonna
scare them yes
we're gonna try together did you guys
get guys say I need to get back to the
boiler all right I'm trying to find some
candles it's chase birthday obviously it
is the only ones use her birthday
candles birthday candles it's my
friend's birthday today
Oh amazing that there is perfect there
we go thank you so much just watch a bit
of chocolate brownie from a kebab shop
thank you charter you he's ready for
some birthday candles right we've got 22
as well are you ready
of course there's 24 in there look at
that
guys this it's gonna go in one of those
brownies thank you so much thank you
you can write my food is here all the
food is here but the most important
thing first we're gonna do this before
we eat yeah if we do after budget before
we're gonna quickly turn off the camera
because I don't want it to run out
charge hello can yours is there like 10
there's like well I also want to see
there's only three of us in here so I
want to see if we can get anyone else to
celebrate ha ha ha see if there's anyone
out here well there's two girls down
there that's if they go in there
hopefully they don't come over here
all nobody's walking around just going
to celebrate with I see anyone trip so I
got asked this woman in the shop right
I'm gonna quit each ganache this woman I
miss my friends passed over here yeah
you're joking it was my son's too danced
wanna come and celebrate we're gonna do
the candles
really yeah we're gonna go read sports
and handles and stuff why am i envy what
are the sources they're off to someone
from umpires yeah it's my first five
seconds
that's nice so we gonna do it that's a
nice thing to do come on if you
obviously there's no thing it was a cute
line but honestly for Egypt mangu oh my
ball
why no it's just nice to come and
celebrate my friend's birthday
come on let's go and celebrate my
friends are you coming you know without
the shot for we go let's go and
celebrate come on come on in let's go
come on let's go come on back come on
cap we've got it all I'm just a schmuck
okay we'll see you in a second half
watch all right give me a green cap
we're just over there see in a second
all right we've got two people do you
guys want to come in
Vlasov and oh no really no
oh they don't want to don't worry we got
Debbie and Capcom n yes every Mormon
over finally three two one happy
birthday to you yeah happy birthday
happy back there charlie woo
happy birthday to you yeah thank you so
much have a lovely evening
mind you yeah this is my do feel older
easily the second reason yeah yeah now
you have to eat all of my mouth candles
is well even an old archives I'm back
home now
my camera battery ran out of charge as
you could tell so I've just had to get
home now and quickly stills Oh his
battery too and my deadly vlog so I hope
you enjoy today we just went to the
casino as well and had a good time now
obviously didn't spend a lot of money
although I did come out up so I did win
some money tonight which was good not a
lot but just a little bit it was nice
and she's had a fun time really Shay's
birthday was super funny it was so funny
get those women to celebrate purchase
birthday with us and yeah that is about
it so if you enjoyed today give the
video big old thumbs up if you're
excited for tomorrow I'm going to the
Hunger Games premiere and I'm taking
along my mom she's never been to a
premiere before so she is so excited I
think she's like even ordered a new
jacket for it and everything I have no
idea what I'm gonna wear yeah I will
catch you tomorrow with a brand new
daily vlog I hope you enjoyed today hope
you were having a lovely day whatever
time it is in the world you are let me
know what you up to what have you been
up to today and dream big dream big in
life guys because you never know what
possible to achieve I'll catch it why
good yes happy run
oh you took my egg oh yeah woof it
doesn't matter
