maybe here showed me outfit look okey so
he looks today yeah outfit of the day
got my new coat on I love it and you've
got a new jumper and you got your new
shoes I need to get hoody a beanie that
doesn't have a bubble on it no more
beanies are either Christmas naked
novelty beanies like Halloween or
animals or Christmas all they've got
bobber on don't love that coat it looks
so sick so cozy can you feel it isn't
necessarily like feeling the bish hey
alright the gray on the inside as well
goodbye
TJ yeah goodbye the nice time I'm still
in bed is that bad yeah bye bye hey good
morning guys are you doing you having a
good day I am I always feel like I'm
starting said I'm having a really good
day but I just am having a really good
day so far I've just tried let me show
you how tidy your bedroom is because as
you'll know our bedroom is always open
are you coming up a zone you're going to
show them our bedroom is always the
messiest thing in the world
and look how tight it is at the moment I
just made the bed like I always make the
bed but it doesn't always look this good
look how good the bed looks today also
this here is Gabby as in velvet ghosts
what is this called like a throw from
Primark it is the softest thing I didn't
buy it so II bought it in the world like
I'm not even joking if you could like
feel this through the screen you would
like fall asleep it is that soft but
look there's no mess here no dirty
clothes on the floor there
it's like spotless I don't know I'm
giving you a bedroom tour but oil is
like daddy what the hell are you doing
why are you showing them a bedroom
nobody cares do they not care she
definitely doesn't care do you do you
like our bedroom in tidy do ya Nala does
not care about our bedroom I'm going to
close this window now
because I'm about to go out in a second
I'm going to go to town go to the office
where's the door gone unless it's for I
lost my dog for a second and I'm about
to go to town and I wasn't going to say
 ones can say oh yeah I need to
Olivia shopping as well in town I need
to buy a couple of little things like I
sometimes wear this powder my videos on
my face I don't worry in these videos
don't avoid showing you my face so close
because I don't wear it in these videos
but I'm going to put this like trends
what's it called
translucent see-through powder for Mac
on my face which basically just makes me
less shiny like you can't see it at all
it's not a color it's just like
see-through but it basically just makes
the camera not so shiny if you've got
line light now see my foreheads a bit
shiny it stops that basically for when I
fill my main channel videos so I need to
go and buy a brush to put some of that
on my face for nothing on videos I'm not
a shiny for you guys what else do I need
to do I want to film some gaming videos
today I'm also going for like a little
bit of a rugged look today look this
jumpers got like rips in it and stuff
here when I first bought is oh he was
like coffee you need to take that bat
jump school ripping it look it's got
rips in it down here as well I like Zoey
the OREA was meant to have ripped in
there it's got it all holes everywhere
in it I thought it'd look cool maybe it
doesn't but I thought it did when I
bought it all those bananas look good
I'm not feeling Christmassy today
yesterday was a very Christmassy day
today not so much and I think that's
because I didn't start the day listening
to Christmas music like I did yesterday
however doesn't mean I can't put on some
Christmas music later and feel
Christmassy
I thought what's better than going into
town to do a little bit of shopping
taking my Mac into my office before
going I haven't even pressed the button
there go go to that floor oh my gosh
this is the heaviest thing in the entire
world I've also got so much stuff in my
backpack like cameras and why is in
keyboards and mouse and blue my neck
this was not good idea all right put it
down oh no please put down nicely there
we go finally I forgot to show you guys
I made other two desks before going out
last night so I've got the two desks
there and then we've got one in there
over there in the corner oh my gosh and
then somehow I managed to fit all of
this that there's what the camera goes
on one film and gave me videos there's
my gaming film and video camera I got
some little stuff too on my desk more
stuff to put on my desk my keyboard my
laptop my iMac wire my mouse what else
have I got a hat spare battery I swear
this bag is it a banana
this bag is literally like Mary Poppins
you know in the film Mary Poppins please
tell me you've seen it you have to have
seen Mary Poppins where she's just
pulling like an umbrella and stuff out
of a handbag that is this bag it
literally just fit the entire contents
of that insider how is that even
possible
it's only just become aware to me that I
kind of don't have any office chairs
like desk chairs so my desk is kind of
set up obviously I've only got one
monitor normally I have to the other
ones home I couldn't carry both today
got my little camera and everything set
up there to film some gaming videos I
need to bring my microphone as well here
and then I'm gonna think I'm gonna have
to use this for now like edit on my
videos and film on and stuff I'm just
gonna have to sit on this little one
which is actually really really
comfortable it just doesn't have a back
on it which is probably quite bad for my
I'm not having it back on there and also
let me put you down here while I chat
it's not high enough let me put you on
here while still still not really on
here there we go
and I've also just realized that I don't
have the internet here yet I get
unlimited internet on my phone so at the
moment I'm just hotspot in my phone to
upload videos and stuff whilst I'm here
which is fine it's really really working
but obviously it would be better if I
had internet if I have internet here so
remind me to get that please remind me
just tweet me everyday until I get it
saying office chairs and Internet thank
you so much just bought a ton of office
essentials guys now already need to go
and drop it back to the office and back
into the left here I kind of plan to go
out and get some lunch ended up seeing
like a stationary shop which always get
me I love buying new stationery and then
I was actually I do need a shredder at
you I do need some paper for my printer
and you are doing some pencils at you I
do need some pens bought so much stuff
that I couldn't get lunch so I'm gonna
have to drop this back and then go back
and get lunch six new camera Canon
awesome what this literally yesterday
and it already doesn't focus blur my
neck the weather isn't very nice anymore
this morning they look like an amateur
they lovely day and now it's raining and
I didn't bring a jacket make
I want to try and get some sushi lunch
so I'm heading up towards it sooo grab
some sushi from there and then what I
can't remember because I didn't write
list this morning and you guys know I
love writing - I can't remember what I
needed in town I said to you earlier I
needed to go shopping now part of why I
needed to buy I remember what it was
guys
it was that makeup brush wasn't it that
I needed a powder brush is that the
right one a powder brush
or do I just get there so that's like a
little set of all of them okay this has
a face brush contour brush and I brush
have no idea I kind of went a bit over
the top lunch today because I haven't
been eating as much as I should have
recently over the last couple of days I
haven't been to the gym I haven't eaten
a ridiculous amount and that's what I
have to do that's what my trainer tells
me so I bought a little bit of bread one
meal to meals three meals and then
another one of those drinks that you
know are just bloomin amazing it's time
to get out of here get out of here get
outta here that's where we need to get
out of I've been packing up I've still
got all of this cardboard I need to sit
down to the bins not going to have to do
that today
so I'm going to just leave that there
leave it there I'm really happy with my
desks and everything
it's from my jumper on looking good it's
looking really really good then
obviously just need to be more of a
screen up and then this one here is just
free for if anyone comes over obviously
it's got my printer on it but if anyone
comes over what's work from there feel
free to feel free to pop over anyone
watching this if you want to come over
you want to work from there let me know
you can come over then if it's a bit too
hot to I don't look blue like underwater
I've got any lights that are blue in
here weird weird
I've just been chatting to Roman Atwood
and who might become
no but how can I'm working look at you
guys just want to pack in while I'm
packing let me put you let me put you
there for a second just what would have
a bag okay so I've just been chatting
via DMS to Roman Atwood
for a little bit today we're trying to
sort out a way in which we can meet up
and hang out and film some videos
together and stuff if you don't know
we're over that word you will know his
videos you just don't realize you know
his videos his videos get so many views
like he does pranks that get like 30
million views a video he does daily
vlogs like this that literally every
single day get like a million and a half
views you know him trust me you know him
so we've been trying to sort out the
helium's in like Ohio or America
somewhere so it's a little bit difficult
to try and work out a way in which we
can physically hang out together
basically me flight to him or him pull
over here so he wants to fly over next
week although Zoe is busy next week so
it's making it a little bit difficult
she's got a lot of work on really really
exciting stuff you guys are going to see
and yeah and then they are going to love
what she's up to but so I've offered to
fly out over there on this weekend but
then that kind of defeats all of us
hanging out together because obviously
Zoe will still be here so we're trying
to work out some kind of way so they can
come over still hang out and Zoe still
get all of her work done that is the aim
I'm super lispy I've got my braces in I
need to get out of here
I meant to be at mom and dad's house
whoa my voice just cracked sounded like
a like a 12 year old boy
I meant to be at home three minutes ago
or not even home a tremendous rate to
mom and dad's because we're going to get
fish and chips with mom and dad and
poppy and Shawn tonight probably Shana
finally back from Dublin I don't know if
I told you all I got a text I don't know
if I told you guys though what - I'm
stuck alone - yours Amanda what was I
even saying oh your papi insured a
finally back in the country
I told you guys there was over 100
flights the other day from Dublin they
were over in Dublin for a couple of days
and over a hundred flights got cancelled
on the way back now of course there's
happened to be in one of those 104
flights or whatever they got cancelled
so they're just stay there for an extra
three days or a two and a half days so
they were meant to be back on the
weekend like Sunday I think or something
like that turns out they just landed
back today on lunchtime so that'd be
nice seeing them thank you so much man
have a lovely day so just got to mom and
dad's now we have ordered the most fish
and chips in the world wait is dad
having dinner here as well yeah dad's on
his way as well we've got both the dogs
here they are very excited to say the
least
or they're better than ever they are
behaving better than ever had before
where are they yeah guys you behaving
yourselves no you maven you are calm
them Marley you can have some chips no
you know hahaha so does she want some
chips no you can't have any what is in
there to curry sauce that is the best
thing in the world is curry sauce so
these guys in here are watching old
videos probably naked oh god there's
video me reason there's a macho thing
Alfie on the straw basically what more
happens is that poppy has an easter egg
I want her Easter egg not Marion I want
her one of course so I try and steer
that she won't let me steal it off of
her obviously why would you look at me
look at me a bit wait though yeah it's
fine oh look at me naked got my little
bum you don't speak look at me
ello
mom and dad oh my nice bowl-cut pavé
literally approvable
yes Alphaeus did it go on yes happy run
oh you took my egg oh yeah woof it
doesn't matter just give me that oh I'm
so gone give me at Marvin your mom give
me puppies and now you don't want it
what look Buster's falling asleep on
poppy and then Nautilus falling asleep
on the Zowie
that's definitely poppy look at them
they're so cute all right we're off home
now way to making weird noises what does
that mean
hi bye mister see you soon what much
why are we doing this why
get out of there mister oh wait no I'm
the one David goodbye mister definitely
run you may kiss goodbye mum I catch you
on Thursday yeah went back home and Zoe
it's just giving me a present which is
this Christmas cheering wait but yeah ah
yo yeah
change your song every time basically
sick Santa Claus has come in to town a
sick Christmas jumper Zoe's one is so
good look at Zoe's wad this little elf
all right take this bit off Mitch mess
there we go that was pleasing today
wasn't our house so nice I wish I liked
your hair as well show them your hair
yeah I think I might shred them this
morning but I really liked how much
blunderers not blonder looks good
doesn't it yeah and I'm getting my hair
cut tomorrow don't if I told you guys
that I'm getting my hair cut I'm going
to get carried ashore on the sides and
I'm a bit short on the top as well
because I don't like how long is on the
top yeah I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get
it all cut up tomorrow
by the time you're watching this I've
already had my hair chopped so don't be
commenting saying don't get it cut it's
already been done
I'm very sorry but yeah we've had some
awesome Christmas shop in today's oh he
did bought us Christmas jumpers even got
some Christmas wrapping paper even nilus
toys a Christmas related it is literally
like is it the 3rd of December no 3rd of
November and here in the south we
household were all is already
celebrating Christmas amazing anyways
I'm going to end the vlog down here
rather than upstairs in bed tonight you
know why because I can because I just
can that's why so you enjoyed the video
if you did give it a big ol thumbs up
let's see how many we can smash guys
remember to subscribe down below if you
want to see more daily videos daily
vlogs on this channel bloomin heck what
else have you bought
I don't get you tomorrow with a brand
new daily vlog
good night hearing up
