good morning guys it is Monday a nice
fresh start to the week a perfect day to
get up out the house give them a doggie
a little walk give them a dog a walk
take my dog for a walk in the sunshine
there's something about today that I'm
just feeling good I think it may have
been also sorry if my camera quality is
a little bit blurry I've got a new
camera turning up any minute at home I
ordered it last night for you guys so
that you have better quality videos the
reason why I'm feeling so good today is
because I woke up to Christmas music so
this morning Zoey was playing through
the swim that speakers in our ceiling
all around the house and Zoey put
Christmas music and it's still on now
for when I woke up for the last like
three or four hours there has been
non-stop
Christmas music which has just made me
feel so festive and happy like I feel
like a proper like like it's Christmassy
I feel like I need to go online and like
buy some people some Christmas presents
or I don't know I just feel so festive
today look at her sniffling look at all
these leaves look how old Tom Miller is
oh my gosh
I've just been collecting a ton of stuff
for my third book at mom and dad's the
last time I spoke about my third book it
was meant to be coming out you know them
my camera just run out of charge I put
in the spare battery but I don't think
it has much charge either as I said the
last time I spoke about my book 3 was it
was meant to be coming out in November
but I'm finding it a lot harder than
what I thought to write the book it's
taken a lot more time and a lot more
brain space and I can't really just like
dedicate like the odd hour every now to
do every now and again to do it Robin
and I know I haven't explained probably
all but three years I'll explain it like
tomorrow or next couple of days with you
so I've just come to mom and dad's now
to help refresh my memory to be able to
write and be inspired to write more my
third book and it's worked it's done
really really good I got everything that
I wanted out of it and nobody is at home
I'm home alone with this little one
you're not even little me you are big
compared to Nala aren't you your big old
boy
you sleepy you sleepy boy yeah you're so
cute you're so cute mister I swear we
got the best pugs ever I'm so happy that
we went for Nardone bars and we didn't
choose smaller parks because although
they are a lot of work they can be very
very difficult they are amazing they are
so cute my taxis outside so I need to
pack up all of my stuff look what I got
as well I told you this morning it was
coming I've got a brand new vlogging
camera so this one here which has got
the worst focus in the world like it's
so blurry and rubbish it doesn't ever
refocus on me the lenses like broken and
stuff I got a new one so as soon as I
get my office in town in a minute I'm
gonna start using the new one don't you
worry I can't get over the weather guys
like I should have bought sunglasses
it's November and it is an absolutely
lovely day but I'm just squinting
massively is it a nice day where you are
you ever look a date what you up to I'm
trying to get some lunch just got into
town but I don't know where to go I want
to get like a really nice sandwich just
grab that one got a ton of food from
prep
we have back in the sketchiest lifts of
all time every single time again in this
lift I have no idea what if I'm gonna
get stuck or not I just know the
probability is ridiculously high but for
some reason I still decide to do that
every single time I don't think it's
worth it alright it is time to crack
this open
I am so bloomin excited these cameras
are so expensive and yet they always
break they always break this is my fake
g7x
and they're so expensive this so
annoying having to keep them we bind
them so they just it's the autofocus let
you guys comment down below like Alfie
or not you're all blurry you're not as
sharp and stuff so here we go you've got
a new one don't you worry
look at that we're just amazed that I
get another new battery and I also
bought a spare batteries so there
because whenever I'm filming my blobs
always run out of charge and then after
it stopped for a bit and then charge a
battery why not to do that anymore now
we've got a bloomin lot of batteries
another new one right here
got one charging just over there as well
I don't have a vignette at my office so
I just put everything in little food
bags in the kitchen need to buy bin
please remind me I need to buy one and
why I'm gonna change our cameras you're
probably not gonna immediately notice
the difference right now but gradually
throughout the vlogs you probably will
which we better it bills so brand new
and nice are you ready 3 2 1
I'll wait I need switch hands I can't
click with that 3 2 1 there we go my new
camera is all done look this is what I
mean when I say my lens was broken on
the old one it does this so then it gets
really dirty again it doesn't open and
close properly so that is now going to
go almost
with my camera equipment by just had
another pass alright Blumenau this is
like a parcel vlog I need some
introductions guys for this mail time
thing I need just like a little jingle
one of you who can sing please can you
just do like a mail time mail town
without something I don't know not like
that because that was rubbish but and
this has just arrived now which OH
someone's ringing me one second bye off
the phone now and this this this this
has just arrived which is confused me
because today is the day that my that my
desks arrived finally I've been saying
my desk my desk I can't even say the way
my desks are come in for ages now and
they never bloom in turnout so man just
randomly knocked on my office door like
I don't even know how we got in here
literally on my ACTU office door there's
three doors of next security in my
office to be able to get to where I am
right now we have a door down for you
have a like a metal shutter a normal
door downstairs we've got a password
another door you have to have a key and
then my door where you have to have a
gate there's four doors some haha I have
no idea he managed to get through
through three of them and to my door and
just knocked on my door and I was like
oh hello and he was I've got a parcel
for Alfie deyes okay turns out it's
mumble I mean I think it is anyway I'm
trying to open it the desk legs like the
legs of my desk but not the actual
obviously evidently it's not the top of
my desk is there let me know that bit
small desk yeah look it's the legs of my
desk
I've got no top bit I've just got some
legs so I don't quite know what's
happening they must be arriving
separately later today right I can now
finally sit down and it is still hot I'm
just popping up to town now but I just
bumped into Emma who is worried from
sorry from Belgium and she wanted to be
in the blog so thanks for saying hi have
a lovely time wash your hair is nice to
meet you see you later I'm sure
now now I've got to buy a printer which
I needed anyway
but but with this stuff a book I've got
I'm a printer and scam some stuff in and
send it off today don't have a printer
we have one at home but I'm not at home
and I need one anyway and I managed to
get one perfect
look how bloomin good my hot chocolate
looks and that in itself shows the new
camera that shows how much clearer this
camera is than the previous one bloomin
look at this right the desks have
finally arrived my friend Acer is here
helping me put them up as well we've
taken them all out of the box in there's
one although they're not white that's
just upside down
there's the legs we put one up here
we've got a DA down here guys so it kind
of sits even further away from that gap
than what I thought I think once I got
my computer and everything there what do
you think I think it would look right
once I've got my computer on it and
stuff and then the other one goes here
and then another desk goes in that area
it will be fine I'm gonna we're gonna go
for dinner then I'm going to do those
two tomorrow so we won't see the final
finished product until tomorrow together
my desks hard work we've got as usual
ultimate sharing plank
how sick does this look is it good this
is a little mushroom is it was a good
arancini Karen teeny with mushroom looks
good I'm not sure if we're in a club or
we're in a taxi look the bloomin flaw
was on the floor and the lavender look
at the wooden floor this is just like
being there what's your favorite thing
about your taxi I don't know I don't say
anything awesome I love the yeah cause
it it definitely makes the customers
happy I love your candles with the night
oh yeah this is amazing let's put the
music up
let's turn this into a classy little
flash in this driver loves this shop as
well I see how odd things get crazy guys
I don't know
by our taxi drivers got a DJ DJ app what
is honestly he's got DJ app on his phone
yes
hurry up
I want you to my private driver into the
music yet a DJ pop on his phone that he
literally drove like way far so iam
Mines house as I mean mine mine is Oh
his house
like literally I've got like a five
minute walk now as I stop where wait
you've got Bostick we're late song he's
perfect
he just carried on and carried on he
couldn't even hear me because the music
was so loud but it was one that was the
best taxi drive I've had ever I think
just ever I think that is the best
driver in the world hello honey I'm home
oh and I just broke the blue there we go
she's supposed to see even cuddles of
mommy he wearing little Christmas jumper
oh you are the cutest dog in the world
I've missed you today I was just about
to put knowledge back now but I thought
actually I lastly been bed tonight she's
been super super cute so I'm just
heading downstairs to tell if I'm scared
I don't I don't want to have like a
complex and be scared of our in house
just come downstairs now to turn off all
the lights and everything oh my gosh
honestly literally just poop my pants
thought that was some really loud noise
wasn't it was the gay pigs I put up the
vlog tonight of yesterday which was when
all the footage of me being scared of
ghosts down here went up blumenau course
wasn't about the window again and then
you guys thanks so much started editing
like ghosts in the background of my
video and text new pictures go Alfie did
you not know
the ghost of 12 minutes oh six and then
screenshots of like really really
realistic ghosts in the background of my
beloved videos so for a second I was in
town with asa straight up like right I'm
gonna have to move house literally can't
live there then after move house we've
got a ghost don't want to follow me for
the rest of my life they're not to do me
as I we need to move and that wasn't it
was just you guys
editing well I hope it was did you guys
letting the I don't like that you guys
editing pictures anyways I need to go to
bed now guys it is super late so I
wanted them all in I have been editing
together like an end card for again to
these videos if you've missed the
previous day I think every day you vlog
now that's gonna be like a little in
screen and slave thing and it's gonna
play like an Oscar bill yes to this
video and you can click and go and walk
in case you missed it so today it's
gonna be the first time that you see
this I think we like it if you do let me
know in the comments and stop that if
you don't then I'll get Zoe's bought
like a little holdup for our stuff in
the shower
that's so handy normally it's just on
the floor that's almost sim yeah let me
know if you like it or not and I'll keep
it or get me if you don't like it give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
the other day when I did the video with
the tattoos on my arm which thankfully
God now I said give the video a thumbs
up if you wanted me to do a prank on my
mom with a fake tattoo and the video got
like 60,000 thumbs up or something so
she hasn't told me yet if she's seen the
tattoo video or not or my daily vlogs I
don't think she has or she would have
mentioned it to me so fingers crossed
she hasn't seen out gonna try and ask
her somehow bit oh if you see my vlogs
recently mom and if she says no then
we'll get over the prank if she said
yeah I saw they were fake tattoos
obviously I can't do it because she
knows that it's likely that he'll be
fake but if she haven't seen them we'll
get a glass then you are okay
I'm gonna brush her teeth now the next
bed thanks for watching today gives
video thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
there's gonna be a ghost or something
I'm so scared I don't really like this
okay oh good no oh my gosh my phone's
gone off my lights gone off but doc
blumenau just happened
