good morning guys it is day number two
of trying to get this tattoo of my arm I
haven't tried it yet I'm about to get in
the shower let's give it a go and see if
we can do it do you think we're gonna be
able to do it oh wait oh okay bye then
let's give it a go okay right we found
we found a massive Hornet oh my God look
how big it is
I swear to god that is so rank oh my god
I don't want to do anything with that
guys I honestly can't describe how big
that is
I've never seen anything like that in my
entire life you guys have got a ton to
catch up on I'm now at my office I just
took Nala and bars with mum and dad and
Zoey out for a walk as you saw you
probably confused what has been
happening today as you saw there's a
massive Hornet like this blooming big I
think it was your Hornet anyway the
scariest thing in the world of mum and
dads as we like trapped under a dog bowl
and then let it outside anyways today I
am at my office now I look all sweaty in
Greece a lovely I'm not it's just I've
got these lights over here on that are
so bright on my face so it's making me
look all shiny but anyways it is 20
minutes exactly 20 minutes from now
until my calendars go on sale I don't
know what to do like I'm literally just
sitting here Adele just stop saying
hello
sorry guys Adele was trying to say hello
to you it is 20 minutes until the
merchandise many calendars gone sale and
I just can't I can't do anything
I literally cannot concentrate also and
sorry there's so much to catch up on my
arm looks good but it's not there is
still a ton of tattoo that I just can't
get off and I proper scrubbed it today
in the shower because I've got the gym
tomorrow morning a lot 8 a.m. or
something
don't really want to go to the gym with
fake tattoo on my arm because then we
look like I'm trying to be all Hector
like a gym loud tattoos but they're fake
and they're like rubbing off and
everyone will laugh at me so I really
need to scrub these I think I'm going to
ask Zoey to put like a moisturizer a
what's the one I don't know what it is
some product to get a cleanser that's
the one get like a cleanser and a scrub
and try and scrub it off for me tonight
I'm just sitting here watching my
Twitter nothing is happening
there's an I don't know I just I don't
know guys I'm speechless
this always happens whenever I release
merchandise I sit here just refreshing
and refreshing and refreshing and I just
don't know what to do I hope you
watching this did manage to get a
calendar if you wanted one and if you
didn't want one
then no worries I'm sorry for mentioning
it so much it's just I'm so so excited
and yeah I hope you get assigned one
because as I said yesterday I am signing
a ton of them this week I think it's
this week coming up or next week I'm
going up to where they're being made and
I'm just going to sign as many as I
possibly can so if you do order one
probably quite high chance you're going
to get a signed one I'm literally about
to press the button
tweet tweet ah guys they're live the
line oh my god they're live and they're
for sale no bloom away my tweet is just
gone three ten seconds ago and it is
available to add to cart' oh my gosh
so here are some of the pages it is time
to film a new world
those are consumed in I'm a zoom Blin oh
we have a little bit it's time to film a
new main Channel video so I've got as
usual my cameras set out one for the
audio one for the video this time I am
going to remember to turn on the audio
one because last time I didn't turn on
the microphone brilliant great one Alfie
bat film a new video would have went up
last night for you guys so I hope you
enjoyed it if you haven't seen it I'll
leave a link down below for you to check
it out right home I think that is
everything
oh my camera is not focusing all of my
comments on my new daily vlog that went
up yesterday for you were all saying
Alfie your bid
is blurry it's not very clear it's a bit
fuzzy don't you worry
literally I ordered two new vlogging
cameras earlier one today one for me and
one for Zoe so we're going to have brand
new clear nice focus in new cameras
start in tomorrow hopefully I think
they're arriving before 1 p.m. tomorrow
I just finished filming the new video I
have not yet edited or uploaded I'm
about to head home to do that so I can
edit it whilst on the sofa cuddling Zoe
and ila just going to leave all my
office messy today all the cameras and
everything like that normally put them
all away but I'm just going to leave it
I'm going to head back home now and
finish the new video so then when it's
got too late tonight a lot of people ask
me in the comments why I have an office
and I've explained it to you a few times
but I thought I would just talk about it
now briefly with you whilst I'm walking
back and I want to like it's not
finished yet it's not done at all it's
not even close it's got furniture but
video wise it is not done at all yeah I
basically want it to be on it then with
a heart from the floor again I mean like
yesterday other day before I am I want
it to be like a creative hub not just
for myself but for other youtubers as
well and people that want to make
youtube videos you can
and just chat chill and hang out film
some videos and stuff the aim is that
the aim is for it to improve my videos
because at the moment I'm not very like
happy with my main channel content that
you guys will notice of course you do
that is it's quite like a lot of similar
stuff and it doesn't I don't really have
many like other youtubers on my channel
at the moment on my main channel and
that's just because I'm I may not seem
it but like I'm really really busy
throughout the day doing other stuff
that takes up a lot of time so basically
by getting the office it's hopefully
going to allow me to spend more time
making main channel videos than ever
like I want my main channel videos to be
the main thing like amazing a really
really good quality and then not at the
moment I mean whether some of you like
say ah oh don't worry the really good I
better know I'm not happy with them at
the moment and I know that they're going
to get a lot better soon
and that started over the next couple of
weeks I'm going to start filming in
advance getting them really ready and
just making videos that I'm really
really happy and proud of and I think
that office is going to help out a lot
and make them a lot better and I'll be
able to put more effort have more
cameras maybe even have people help out
occasional film them laughs I need to
make like a special video with like
cameramen and there's room to do that
but I'm going to jump in the taxi my new
video is just processing four minutes
left until it's live I had to order
pizza guide it is slightly healthy like
not healthy healthy it's still pizza but
it's like pesto base with loaded
vegetables and stuff like that it's not
like a greasy takeaway pizzas difficult
stuff then also got like a meat salad
box I'm so excited I'm so what you doing
using pictures of Nala those
literature's taking selfies Nala
all of eternal day is one panini at
lunchtime that is it and I'm so hungry
of yet a good day productive that I
completely forgot to film I walk on walk
dog dog walk I walk dog earlier on
we're butter Nala how good were they I
mean II can't
they're so good weren't you Missy why
are you turning your head oh you were
just looking at me
no look at ignore me
she gives me so much sass in these
videos she gives you the side-eye
you're not sassy normally what she even
looking loan over that is one of the
best-looking margaritas I have ever seen
in my time of being alive you know oh
might be it's a little bit healthier
than yours but doesn't quite doesn't
quite look as good does it
let's be honest what's this bit much
Hollow
I don't even care what anyone says guys
she is the cutest little baby in the
world
what year she put you to bed
I am trying to take her for a week and
then I'm gonna bed I feel so bad
she is outside doing a wiggle you can
see me my boxes she's outside doing away
and it's raining she was literally fast
asleep I got up to good bow here we go
come on a baby inside good girl
turn a good bed let's see if she's gone
to bed or not
have you gone to bed why are you waiting
there come on go to bed
oh why that's why you're not going to
bed your beds not made it's all messy
let me make that for you there we go
baby gun and get to bed
wait no that's not no no that's not your
bed hi this one hit bed good Keo get
girl wave you're doing a treat for that
let me get you a tree there we go baby
no night I catch in the morning
I'll go up and give you big cuddles in
the morning before I go to the gym does
that sound good
yeah no night just double-checking all
the doors are locked and everything
blinds and it is time to go to bed I
sweat I go to bed so much later than
Zoey every night like she's literally
been asleep for like two hours already
what I've been doing is the emblem in
chocolate in bed and pizza really like
oh yes a nice cold bottle of water
that's exactly what I want in bed
I've just been planning a ton of main
channel videos because as I said to you
earlier I'm not very happy with my main
channel content at the moment so I want
to make my main channel videos better so
I've just thrown in some video now you
can't even see me there we go then the
notes off hmm they always get scared
turning the lights off even them 22
whenever I turn the lights off
downstairs or like now in here turnbull
then I offer then I like very speedily
walk
Gazza fula like a horror film I fell
like them in a horror film I'm using
just the luck with my phone this is
scary guys
I left my breathing's downstairs I feel
like there's gonna be a ghost or
something
I'm so scared I'd only like this okay oh
good oh my gosh my phone's gone my
life's gone up but the bloomin out has
happened just as I saying I don't like
this the light of my billion phone just
tell yourself on all right
I'm telling some lights on in here I got
my braces genuinely now that balls
moving by itself I like this guy's quite
I swear on my life my camera just cut
out by itself I didn't I'm going back in
here there's light in here literally
first of all this light just goes off by
itself as you just saw my camera just
cut out abruptly by itself what doc
bloom in hell is happening I bet you
it's because in my new I've actually got
like goosebumps like I'm actually I'm
scared in life in my new main channel
video that just went up tonight I was
talking about sleeping with the
cupboards closed and I said in that
video I do sleep with all the cupboards
and everything closed in the bedroom but
I do not believe in ghosts or spirits or
anything but I sleep with them closed
just in case there is such thing and now
all of these bloomin ways have just
happened
one turn all the lights on I really
don't like this this is bloody scary
I'm freaked out keep that one on that I
like this girl
I don't like this okay
swear my life my cabbages cut out again
I just said I need to turn this light
off and run into the bedroom I went to
press it and my bloomin camera just went
off thought is remem scary right I'm in
my video here thank you so much for
tchen today guys I hope this video goes
up online if it doesn't make boosters
got me don't really know what else to
say unless it's the light bulb thief
and then tomorrow morn I'm gonna wake up
and there's gonna be missing I blowing
menu a you timorous rock left I box
gonna be missing I advice
so much today they redo it even take you
to be your thumbs up if you want to go
up one of my new calendars link is down
below
I love improving my calendars when I'm
scared for my life go check out my new
main Channel video please give it a
thumbs up before this ghost gets me I'll
catch you tomorrow night
