good morning guys I've just finished
editing my new daily vlog
however on here can put that away now
however I have not got out of bed yet
I'm yet to get out of bed at all and
this is for two reasons one I was just
editing uploading my new 10 vogue 2
because I worked out my legs yesterday
at the gym and even just moving them
like this in bed hurts so I'm kind of a
little bit scared about walking I don't
know what I'm going to be able to do it
or not I don't know if I'm just gonna
stand up and just crumble onto the floor
like don't know what crumbles onto the
football like something that crumbles
onto the floor do a film turn again also
I got a bloomin sleeve I don't put him
in tattoo sleeve or wasn't gonna shower
because I had a shower last night that
was going to count as my shower to this
evening
sometimes a shower in the morning
sometimes I share in the evening today
was gonna be an evening day until I
realize that I've got a sleeve and now
I'm gonna have to get in the shower and
wipe this off luckily though it didn't
go into the sheets I thought I was gonna
end up with it like all in the bed last
night it seemed to speed I'm pretty down
well it still looks quite realistic
anyways today is the day the day of all
days you know what day it is it is
merchandise day let me get up and go
down oh yo my bomb my bomb hurts I would
show you how much my legs hurt and I'm
just in my boxers and I don't really
want to film just in my boxers anyways
today's merchandise day guys my new
calendars officially come out right now
if you're watching this which I'm
guessing you are become speaking to you
now then my new calendars have just gone
on sale literally the minute this video
has gone up is the minute they have gone
on sale I will leave a link down below
if you don't have a clue what I'm
talking about
I will show you the calendars in a
minute in the vlog let me just get in
the shower get dressed freshen up scrub
this tattoo thing off and I'll catch you
in a bit so that shower literally made
no difference at all we faded the end a
little bit but I just couldn't get it
off just put on a t-shirt
still it's gonna have to be a jump a day
guys look at this look at this bastard
he's got a bloomin dog mask on his head
please turn around turn around
oh so amorphous with my friend Morgan
and we've just finished up having lunch
we are making up a game as we go as we
go along
and with the table tennis table
so we're basically playing that it has
to hit the table then the wall and then
it's love one bounce on the floor
kinda hard to explain serious game
oh look how cute this is guys everyone's
just drawing two cards this is awesome
hello baby what have you gone what if
you go on what is this little hoodie
have you got your hoodie on you just a
Halloween you just up the Halloween it's
the evening now guys I haven't flown for
a while because we just had Zoey's
cousin and uncle Monty over and then we
were just chillin just hanging out we
don't get to see them often because they
live like three and a half hours away so
that was really really nice just getting
chat with them have a good cap shot it
was meant to be like a little half an
hour pop him for a cup of tea sorry let
me finish my mouth warm it turned out to
be like a two hour multiple coffees and
cups of teas it was just really really
nice getting to see them now we are
watching as you can probably guess
actually actually probably can't guess
because you would be expecting a
Halloween film since it is Halloween the
doors go in now this could either be you
guys trick or treating us or it could be
Y Thomas we're watching Harry Potter my
tattoo still will not come off and
there's nobody there nobody we have a
little screen here monitor so that we
can see in here people who knock on our
door there was nobody there that means
here was some of you guys knocked on it
and ran away like you have been all
night so thank you so much for being so
lovely and ringing and ringing and
ringing and ringing the entire evening
really cool really nice of you there has
been a couple of people that have not
two not been really cute and dressed up
and stuff and we've gone out and giving
them treats as well but most of you I
just ring it on it and running away so
if you've done that thank you
none of us love the dog having off ten
million times tonight just ordered some
food from that place that I'm starting
to love now that lumberjack e place or
whatever it's called got another chicken
and bacon wrap and some sweet potato
chips and some coleslaw and though he's
got a whacker Mama's coming on the way
we haven't yet watched anything
Halloweeny
are we gonna watch a horror movie oh
yeah we didn't watch hocus-pocus last
night which you guys went crazy is only
tweeted yesterday saying that I haven't
seen hocus-pocus which I don't think I
have I'm pretty sure I haven't seen it
and you guys went
this is the last Harry Potter right at
the end yeah I don't think I have seen
hocus-pocus I'm not sure it is so
old-school that I can't remember so I
think we might watch that because we're
gonna watch it last night
but that completely forgot I ended up
watching knockos and so ended up falling
asleep because she was naked from her
lead signing damn Harry looks battered
yeah we did like a blooming seven-hour
Drive look at Harry that's a looks like
he's been beaten up we literally just
did have a fight didn't they whoa that's
a big cuddle Zoey has got a very strange
table to balance her food on today so I
thought I would vlog it what do you rate
it out of 10 it's not actually on hey
guys Dave why it's just next to her what
do you what stop filming me daddy I've
got a sleepy one on me look at her she's
so sleepy it looks like I've got Zoey
you know one of those things when the
parents put the strap with the baby on
their front yeah it's not one of them so
he's asleep in there with Nala but I
completely forgot one of the main points
of today and I've been tweeting about
all day but I just forgot to bloom him
blogged about it and I told you this
morning that I would is that my 2016
calendar is officially out for sale I
feel so stupid saying this is like
tattoos all on my arm that like skulls
and fake anyways my 2016 calendar is out
for sale as you're watching this like
right now you can get one they'll be a
link down below and obviously as I've
said to you before I don't want to show
you guys all over the pages and what it
looks like so you're only going to see a
couple of them it is massive I got it
done really big on purpose because I
wanted to look
really good on the wall so I want it to
be really really big on your wall so
there's like a sneak peak of some of the
photos I'll show you
janya someone spilled something on my
copy this is the first no this is the
first ever copy and somebody spilt
something on air I will get you back you
ever did that I'm gonna have to order
one I wanted basically the look of this
calendar to just be like 12 really nice
Instagram kind of photos so there's none
like topless kind of posing ones that's
not me I'm not that kind of guy
my calendar this one is literally just
like I designed it all with my sister
and we like do all the triangles chose
with the font or the positioning of here
we basically designed everything I
literally hand design that front cover
myself like I drew it all out and on pen
and paper then I got up Photoshop myself
and like did it really really badly and
then I got in touch with a designer one
of you guys actually who watches my
videos helped me make it and put it all
together and her name is charlie and
then Matt as you know I vlog did all the
photos for it and stuff so it's
basically like a big collaboration of
all my my work Charlie the designers
work Matt the photographer's work my
sister helped out a lot of it and we all
just put it together I really want to
show you all the pictures but I feel
like that's the that's the exciting bit
if you get a calendar is seeing all the
pictures for the first time so I don't
want to I don't want to ruin it and show
you them but like March is sit back I
love oh my god
no I they're all pictures of me but I'm
not the main focus in all of them like
it's not all of them like the one that
you just saw there the genuine is like a
very very Posie one out of all of them
some of them are a lot more like I want
to show you but I don't want to ruin it
so if you guys want to get a calendar
whilst they're around before they all
sell out and everything like that or
maybe you want on for Christmas or maybe
your friend might want one of your
sister or your brother for Christmas
probably a great Christmas present
they're going to be about 11 or 12
pounds
thing because a lot of like $9.99 and
stuff but there are lot smaller like
they're eight for size where it's like
an eighth one document I can show you
like this kind of size like that there
is a for like a typical piece of paper
but I got mine printed a lot bigger so
you can see there how much bigger is I
basically wanted it to be like you've
got 12 really nice posters for in your
wall and it changes each poster every
single month the kind of thing and have
some posters before and they were
actually how much was my poster I think
I did signed posters and there but
that's one thing I should say I'm going
to go to the place where they make these
like the printers where they make it all
together
and I'm gonna sign a ton of them but I'm
literally gonna go there for entire day
and just sign like as many as I possibly
can
so if you do order one if you're if
you're one of the first people to order
one it's probably more likely because
I'm going to go as soon as they start
making them to the printers so if you
order one hopefully you might get a
signed one I'm gonna sign as many of
them as I possibly can
so that's really really exciting I'm not
I can't guarantee that all of them will
be signed because I just can't do that I
don't live near where the factory where
they're being produced I think it's like
Bob London they're being made but I am
gonna try and sign as many of them as I
possibly can so I really really hope you
get a signed one and yeah that would
just be really really cool I am so
excited it's something that I've been
working on for ages now and coming up
with the ideas and planning where each
photo was going to be taken and it's
just cool it's all come together it is
amazing I really really love like the
finished product and it's going to be
printed even better than this this one
here is just like a rough printed
version for me to show you guys early
the actual one is going to be printed
like a nicer paper and the thicker and
more shiny and it's yeah it's going to
be cool so if you want my guys link is
down below and if you're wondering the
poster packaging is like I think it's
like a pound more expensive than usual
that's because the calendar is really
big because it's not a four size this
smaller one here I told them that they
weren't allowed to fold the calendar and
half the manufacturers are okay that's
fine what we'll do is we'll just fold it
in half like this and send it to them no
no no no no you can't put them in bend
it enough I was gonna have like increase
Mach down the middle of everyone's
calendars you can't do that so they're
having to send them in like bigger
packets to post them to you guys so that
they don't get damaged or creased
nothing they're gonna be like put
cardboard inside it to keep them
straight and solid and basically they're
gonna be like really really well looked
after and they're gonna be printed
amazing and they're massive and yeah I
don't know not really much else so I'm
gonna say sir from I want one myself and
now I haven't got one I've got a mock
copy of like a mock version with like
lemon tea stains or coffee stains on
that awesome haven't even got one myself
anyways I'm gonna carry on watching TV
and now it's gonna say watching it was
sorry but she's literature been asleep
for like the last two hours or something
so if you do want one of them let me
know that you've order one tweet me
tweet me a picture I will reply I will
favorite you guys I'll be retweeting you
guys and I'm so excited I'm so excited
for you guys to just get your hands on a
copy of this and just see it on your
wall and it's something that you're not
just going to tweet me like oh look what
I've got but every single month on the
first of every month hopefully you guys
will be tweeting me pictures right you
turn the calendar over and it's
something I I think a calendar is such a
great present to get like a friend or a
girlfriend a boyfriend a brother or
sister or daughter or whoever or your
son for Christmas so that's really
really cause we're kind of ticks off the
list of like what Slanket my sister for
Christmas there we go get it early get
it done yeah anyways I all got you're in
a little bit probably when I go to bed
now because I'm just gonna go and watch
some TV right guys I moved are talking
bed can you even see me
sorry sponsors shouldn't have to be
super choir thank you so much for
watching today's video I hope you
enjoyed it I'll text to my give the
video thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll see you at tomorrow good night
