knowledge currently looking for Zoe
where is she that Mommy is it ha ha ha
good morning everybody good morning guys
good morning guys how you doing I've let
your taxi outside right now I need to
get to the gym this morning I've just
been doing house chores and jobs and
playing with nada
let's go to the gym just wait the shower
guys after the gym never blocked in the
shower before so it's so misty you can't
really there we go
it's already going to mist up in the
nest of the second I probably should do
this either with my camera it's my
camera setting in a row
the gym killed me today the one session
that I hate more than anything is doing
my legs today was leg day I've literally
had to have a nap this afternoon because
do my legs makes me so damn tired
also it's Wednesday thank you so much
the people over at my shelter
sorry the people over Ella misses it I
have no idea this is not sponsored this
literally just turned up ah Zoe's pure
box I think it's like a it's like a
moisturizer for men and I literally ran
out my moisturizer yesterday so the
first one that I've used it today and it
smells amazing it is oh it's an
anti-wrinkle moisturizer Thanks I mean I
don't have thousand insults and I'm
getting wrinkly and old or whether you
guys are just helping me out but thank
you anyway anyways today Britt um in
hell it's dark in here
blew me neck I just realized what I
wanted to do in today's video yeah I've
just had a shower I'm an idiot I should
have done this before I showered so the
other day I told you that a parcel was
arriving at our house or it had arrived
and so many of you liked it your
calendar is your new calendars your new
merchandise it wasn't you saw that in
yesterday's video what it was though I
don't even know why I've done it I don't
even know if this is a good idea to do
NOLA what you should if Lynn were you
sniffling about Missy it was this which
I ordered on Amazon just because I think
it was like three quid or something like
that and I was I just want to try out
just to see what it looks like because
there was a picture that floats around
the internet mainly around Instagram and
Twitter of a guy who has his hair like
pulled back like I used to work when I
was growing my hair and he's driving a
car I think he's got I can go into
sitting next to him and he's got tattoos
sleeves and everybody says after you the
issue that's so good if you were
tattooed if you had sleeves it looks so
good so
so I going to bought loads of massive
fake like temporary tattoos to wear so
here I've got sheets and sheets of
temporary tattoos and I'm just going to
stick them all over my arms to see what
it looked like I don't even have your
work because I've got like hair on my
arms I don't know if it would have to
shave my head arm hair first I don't
want to shave my arm hair
maybe I just stick them on but they're
blooming massive there's a 10 and look
look how big they are oh my gosh this is
really ridiculous Zoe got for helping me
get a sleeve you're not right okay I'm
gonna go downstairs and put these on a
foot you guys on a camera on a tripod if
you can't already tell and we're going
to try to play some of these I don't
even know why I'm doing this in a daily
vlog right which we start off with we've
got a ton of different ones I want to
start there was really really good this
one I feel like we just need to wipe
this one here straight on my arm there I
don't even know how to put these on does
it say how to apply it to avoid danger
of suffocation
what keep this wrapped I'll keep the
wrapper away from babies and children
again so this isn't allowed me using
children women this I was like what the
bloomin hell kind of a bit scared about
this I need to get like a flannel or
this isn't a very good angle there we go
asked a bit better
I need to get like a planner when stuff
don't I you have to make it wet if I
remember right I've got a bowl of warm
water and a flannel perfect need to wet
the flannel why am i doing this on my
sofa I should have done this in the
bathroom not my bloomin sofa by the way
the tattoo that I do actually want to
get if I told you or not I can never
ever I told you the tattoo I want to get
is not like any of these I want to get
some text maybe a quote but I want to
get it lot on my ribs here I know that's
going to hurt a lot I know it is
everybody who hasn't
feels like your ribs for your first one
oh my gosh look at that do you know I
should so do look at that oh my gosh I
should so put one of these on wrap it in
cling film and then go home to my mom
and be like mum honestly I'm so sorry I
know you don't approve of big tattoos
but look what I got she would I don't
even know how she would react if you
want to see me do that give this video a
thumbs up and I could do like a tattoo
prank on my mom well I put one of these
massive ones on wrap it in like the
cling film and everything and make it
look like it's a real tattoo and then go
home and be like my mum I've got
something to tell you now take your
jumper but I've got like a tattoo like
this she oh my gosh she would from that
Alfie what have you done right anyway
let's put another one on what one should
we go for can't even undo this this sofa
is so wet whydid up at the flannel on
the sofa what have you been up to today
I've been putting fake tattoos all over
my arm
Laurie dad do they let me know in the
comments what you've been up to
I think it's half tan for a lot of
people in the UK as well so maybe you
haven't had school or college and work
and stuff alright I don't if it's ready
all I think is oh look at that
look at that oh right so I've got this
one here and then I turn my arm and I've
got a big skull looks like a clock
within a load of black shading my camera
is literally about to run out drives as
well any second
it's a Friday night I'm sitting at home
cutting tattoos on myself that's it
literally that is my Friday night I
should have just done this with some
kind of prank video beautiful I'm gonna
stop the camera for a bit I'm going to
stick on a load word ease just because I
do in this video to be like 20 minutes
on just of me putting tattoos
so I'm going to cut the camera put a ton
of these on and I'll catch you in a sec
all right here we go guys I've finished
up the top half of one of my arms I was
going to start color on the other arm or
the bottom half of this arm here but
I've remembered how painful it is to get
like temporary tattoos out of hair it
let you literally might as well just
pull your heads out it hurts that much
so I haven't done that I've just left it
black and white and just the top half of
this arm but I'll show you this is what
I've done so this got a little wolf
there got this person here don't have a
clue what that is
turn it I've got a skull got another
wolf here I think it looks quite real
you know like it doesn't actually I mean
I'm not going to ever get like a sleeve
on my arm but it doesn't look too fake
in the camera anyway I don't think it
does look at that that's so weird
imagine me just having this like like
looking at myself now in the screen and
just seeing like markings on my arm it's
so crazy anyways let's get back to the
daily vlog let me switch you back over
onto this camera here I've also just
realized that I haven't even had dinner
yet so I don't actually know what to do
about that because our fridge is empty
as always we never ever have food
there's only a son a food shop today
though so I think we've got food
arriving tomorrow I can't really be
bothered to wait for my oven just look
so crazy what the hell but I can't
really be bothered to wait for a
takeaway shouldn't miss a meal though
trying to gain muscle from working out
and then missing a meal is not good
early on today I watched episode number
one of is it good narcos on Netflix yet
narcos it's half subtitled half not
subtitled it's about like drug
trafficking and stuff so far but I've
gathered I really enjoyed it
kind of like Breaking Bad kind of thing
if you're not into that kind I don't
know what age is it might be like 15 or
18 so
just to warn you in case you do what jet
and these money headphones that I got
the other day as super really really
like them really happy with them and yet
it's just weird whenever I like to look
over my shoulder and I just catch my arm
full of tattoos it's so weird like I
keep on just sitting here and then it
just see it glancing out of my eye oh I
feel it but it's so strange it's so
weird I hope it doesn't all stick to the
bed tonight because I've just realized
that our sheets are white what I haven't
just realized our sheets are white just
remember that I've got tattoos and we
have white sheets so I'm scared that I'm
gonna wake up in the morning and have
like all of this printed like onto the
bed or something but Zoey is asleep
upstairs she's knackered from her lead
signing she did a book signing in needs
today and then drove all the way back
and she drove up the ester so she's been
doing like 12 hours of driving over the
course of like two days I'm tired I've
just ordered a chicken salad and some
sweet potato fries and a chicken wrap
for dinner and there's a place the place
that I had was in yesterday's video if
you think you might have been in
yesterday's video for you I got all that
like chicken and stuff I don't even know
if I know I did film it I did film it do
you like gym food place
it's so weird tattoos or my orbits so
strange anyways and so I've just ordered
some stuff in there because it only
takes like a half an hour maximum to
come so super super quick and now I'm
going to watch the second episode of
narcos but I'm just sitting here on
Twitter now and does that make sense
sitting here on Twitter like I'm not
sitting on actual anyways anyway so I'm
in a weird mood it's quite late and I'm
tired it's like ha past 10 literally
like every youtuber is in New York I
want to be there so bad I got asked if I
wanted to go but I couldn't because I've
got I'm super busy at the moment
I've got a lot of work to do but so many
forwards come again but nibble away but
now we're just kind of regret saying no
and I should have just done it and just
works on the plane and worked in the
hotel room and stuff because like there
are so many people out there in America
right now in New York that I want to go
and hang out with I really want to be
there and joy
just tweet saying hello New York glaze
just landed in New York and I'm like I
could be with him on the plane damn it
oh well there will always be more
opportunities to go to America
I just love traveling around and meeting
you guys and especially in America just
because I've been there a lot and I know
that another in fact me and Marcus are
going to Singapore in December to meet a
ton of you guys I don't if I've actually
told you guys that yet but Marcus and I
coming to Singapore so if you're from
Singapore Singapore Singapore or close
to Singapore and I'll let you guys know
the dates and everything like that in
another daily vlog I love traveling
that's one thing that I want to try and
do more next year obviously I can't do
too much more this year because I'm some
getting more and more busy as the year
goes on but starting like January
February I want to do a lot more
traveling my dinners arrived so I've got
a chicken salad shooter de fries and my
wrap here for some reason they've sent
me some chicken wings as well they
obviously didn't mean to do that
so somebody out there is missing some
chicken wings from their food order I
feel quite bad unless they did do that
it was just a nice gesture just to give
me some free chicken wings then if it
was that thank you how did you just
woken up on the sofa guys knockos still
on on my laptop I have no idea what is
going on I am so tired with time 1:36
in the morning I am knackered right guys
I'm gonna end my vlog down here sorry
that today's vlog was a little bit
disheveled should I say I hope you
enjoyed it an it you still feel asleep
but I feel so we're so you enjoyed the
video guys
give the video a thumbs up if you think
I should do a tattoo prank on somebody
right I'll catch you tomorrow good night
