good morning guys
I need to start saying that in morva not
so high pitch way good morning guys
good morning guys why do you think I'm
making the same because that's part of
it is net is that good morning everybody
that ever gets annoyed when I say
everybody and not guys they're like
that's not your introduction outfit for
bond being not doing it right okay
of course something to tell you I know
you can see it in the back when there
last night at half a Terry's chocolate
orange it's not good doesn't it be big
smart clever or strong it does taste
bloody it is full of bean delicious so I
did eat it anyways today and is another
mail time maritime with Alfie where we
go from parcels still I haven't even
uploaded the video that went up
yesterday for you guys and so therefore
nobody has submitted a song yet for that
so you still want to I haven't seen any
yet you can submit a mail time song why
didn't you do you want to submit one you
have to film it and edit it what else
why I asked you then it's net I want a
nice little jingle about Mel time
without Phil pointlessblog jingle bell
jingle bell now that's a Christmas song
anyways the mail time my dress ripoff
evidence live my dress on the net it's a
big old parcel put that on the floor
here we go I got a big old box and I
didn't think this was gonna come for
like another four days you guys probably
aren't even interested sigh I never
don't tell them that babe ready yet
alright my keys because I don't have any
knives or scissors up here put you guys
on the box there we go that's a really
good angle is now for you should be a
filmmaker Blumenau
your fingers fully in their looks they
get stuck
we got scissors guys alright cover up
the side here we go stand down dad
bloomin heck they're bigger than what I
thought you guys aren't going to tell
what this is still it is basically some
parallel bars this is what they're
actually called in case you're wondering
it's those and it's basically for me to
do calisthenics on sorry I just hyped it
up a little man unboxing and then it
flimming looks like this and you don't
even know what it is I'm into my office
in a couple of days so it's nice to be
back I also haven't uploaded a new
gaming video in a couple of days so that
is partly one of the main reasons why
I've come here is to film some new
gaming videos for you
oh my lenses doing that annoying thing
again all all Oh bloomin heck what is
that right I don't know how to show you
this now I want to show you it all about
hi let later on in the video but
something arrived at my house late last
night and it's bloomin exciting like it
is so exciting it's the first copy of my
new piece of merchandise which I'm
either I tell you or there's some future
merchandise in there as well in my bag
okay that's not coming out to a December
better not show you that stuff then I
hide that stuff away so this item that's
coming out the first of November I've
been teasing it on social media for so
long last night which was two nights ago
for you I uploaded a picture of one of I
did say part well you guys know what it
is so I just haven't told you guys in a
video yet some of you may not know my
new piece of merchandise that is coming
out on November 1st
look at my hair that's what I've got
little Bowl on November 1st
drum bob is I feel weird saying this a
2016 calendar a calendar how sick is
that so as you guys know I went on a
photo shoot a couple of weeks ago and
I've logged
to shooting everything I didn't tell you
what the pictures were for loads of you
guessed that it was a calendar loads of
you guessed that it was things for like
magazines and stuff like that newspapers
but it's not they were bought a calendar
I have not shown you guys any of the
pictures that actually go in in the
calendar I've been uploading like
high-res images from the photo shoot on
my Instagram my merchandise Instagram on
my personal Instagram but I have not
uploaded anything that is actually in
the calendar because I want that to be a
surprise for you guys so on the website
when they go for sale or I leave a link
down below they're not selling out
they've ever said on the first of
November let me take a bracelet I'm
being a little bit like let's be so when
they give sale on the person November I
am going to show you guys on the website
there will be for like page reveals I
suppose so obviously a calendar has like
the front cover then Jan you've every
March April May June July August
September November December and a back
page now I'm going to show you guys the
front page I'm also going to show you
Jan you February what was the other one
coming which reserved the one I chose
one other month and on the back of the
calendar I'll show you the back of the
calendar now don't don't dawn
there is my point is called PB logo and
that is it so nobody is going to be
seeing the pictures that are in the
calendar at all unless you get one
because that's one thing that I just
don't understand on calendars why do
they show you all of the images on the
back but if I buy calendar I want it to
be a surprise I don't want to know what
what the pictures look like because then
there's no surprise of turning it over
and I know you guys the $0.99 if you
won't do this but if you buy one it
would be amazing if you didn't turn over
and look at the picture of the next
month until that month so for example if
it's like June do not look at July's
picture until it's the first of July
when you turn it over and there's
something excited the pitch you've never
ever seen before
I didn't that'd be really really cool so
I'm not going to be giving away all the
images at all you guys will not see them
unless you get one of the calendars
because I want it to be a surprise for
those who have the calendars sorting my
hair
oh never going out to a big boy anyways
I've decided that I'm not going to do a
limited edition how I normally do it so
normally I just buy in like a bulk are
buying a load of like beanies for
example when I sold beanies and once I
sold out they're gone forever so what
I'm going to do this time is because I
still want my merchandise to be
exclusive I don't want it to just be
available forever and then there I want
it to be something special if you have
an exciting so what I'm going to do why
have I got that on my shoe get off get
off put it behind the sofa so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to make it
available to purchase for one month for
one month only so it's not limited
edition but it's available for a limited
time so so if you want a copy they will
go on sale I can even show you what it
looks like I can show you the front
cover but I'm not going to show you the
inside because like I said I don't need
to see it unless you buy it because then
it's exciting so um this is so cool I
showed my mom it last night and she was
like I'm going to order the first one I
want to be the first one to order one of
them out be like okay mom calm down so
they will be available from the 1st of
November until the 1st of December and
as soon as it goes first in December
they offline never ever ever ever ever
sold again and my new December
merchandise will come out with my
merchandise I want it to be something
special each time like the design of
this calendar I was tweeting as you guys
saw looking for designers finding
somebody that could really work in the
way that I wanted I found this amazing
designer called Charlie and we've been
emailing and chatting and talking about
design ideas and drawing them out and
pen and paper and texting them to her
and emailing them and my sister's been
helping out and we've been designing
this calendar for like yeah it was just
sick it's so thick basically and it's
come for myself it's come from my sister
helping outs come from Charlie who
designed it the photos I like planned
all with the photographer it wasn't just
like somebody just took a lot of photos
of me and just walk them into a calendar
and sent them off and it's being sold to
you guys like this calendar and as
you've seen from like my other pieces of
merch it's almost like a part of me like
I don't know it sounds weird but it's
not just like I've
and just sent off 12 images to and put
them into like a random normal format
and just sold them as a calendar I've
really liked I designed the front cover
pen and paper myself and literally
design D cover myself pen and paper I
helped design the logo I my sister did a
lot of like the January March so I'm
looking at it now pages the photographer
the photos I had so much input I saw
let's do this can we do this can we do
this and yeah I feel like it's something
that I've been working on for a while
I'm talking about this so much yet
they're not even for sale yet they go
sale on the first November I need to
shut up basically I'm going to show you
the front cover now this is only a mock
printing as well so this print here it
will look much nicer in real life like
this is like a mock version the paper
and everything is going to be a lot
nicer and the print on the final one are
you ready here we go so it is massive
says pointlessblog 2016 and there is a
sneak peek of some of the photos I'm so
excited if you can already tell I just
want to show you the pages it is like
massive because I wanted it big because
I wanted it to almost be like you're
getting 12 posters of me on your wall
that really nice quality like the camera
that the photographer used to take these
he does like billboards like massive
massive billboards out so like theaters
and stuff like that so the quality of
the photos the size of the photo so it's
basically you just get like 12 really
really cool pictures of me plus
obviously a calendar that you can use so
should I just show you one of the pages
or I will show you I'll show you January
I'll show you Jen you just because
that's one of the ones you're going to
be shown anyway I'll just so excited I
can't not show you
January everybody and I can show you
kind of what I mean by that the design
now so this here is January so it's like
a big old picture of me and then at the
bottom has like the color and says Jen
you there now so the calendar bit down
there but I like help choose the font
and like those little triangles going
over the corners and everything and down
here the positioning of that my sister
chose so I just think it's sick let me
show you like this I just think it looks
really really cool I'm so happy with
that anyway they're not for sale yet
there you go and sale on the 1st of
November and they're going to look even
better than that I just Renton bought my
lunch
so just bought two sandwiches for lunch
because as you know I'm trying to eat a
lot because I'm working out what two
bottles of water because apparently I
don't know I haven't actually checked
apparently the tap in my kitchen in here
isn't drinking water which is amazing
that's like just so helpful no oh no yes
I did
I was going to say forgot my new
headphones but when I feel my gaming
videos but I haven't I found them
they're in my bag look how cool these
are
I bought these headphones like two or
three days ago when I went shopping with
my mom when I was in town with my mom I
don't know if I film too much that when
she won I got her phone fixed
I bought these they're just some like
that way even focus on them just a nice
little headphones but they're so comfy
and I love that they're square anyways
I'm going to eat my lunch now and set up
to film some new gaming videos I've
already done today's daily vlog did that
wall sauce in bed uploaded scheduled
everything for tonight I feel it
blooming good about today packing up to
leave the office
sorry it was awful can't get a bad one
Zoey is off to a book signing in Leeds I
want to say she is joined tomorrow so
she is driving up now and then staying
in a hotel tonight up in Leeds ready for
her signing tomorrow morning off word
for that my bag that's so annoying and
so I've got to look after Nala I've
basically got neither more or less sort
of like the next week or so by myself
because Zoe is in book stuff which is
fine but it's super super hard let me
put you Amelia near there wait let me
leave you that which is good I love
looking off Nala don't get me wrong but
it's super super hard being restricted
because we can only leave her for four
hours at time so obviously I can't stand
my office all day working so I've just
filmed a new gaming video with chain not
sure when it's going to go it might
already be up for you if it is only link
down below but I've got to head back now
so just getting ready to leave the
office let's go
hello baby how you doing
you good she let you out Killman them
sug outside she got to the toilet so
I'll do this there we go going them it
seems like such a lovely day to you guys
look at the lighting it looks amazing
but if you look up to literally just
gray skies completely come on Nala hurry
up come then right let's go inside Nala
needs to have dinner huh could you hear
me say what I just said Nala she
definitely did she's running the kitchen
so anyone I invited one of my friends
laurits out for dinner with me
unfortunately he had already eaten but
he said next time we hang out we need to
go to the gym and then we need to eat
food from this place called Lumberjacks
guilt-free fast food he linked me online
it looked incredible and it's meant to
be for like people who work out in the
gym and stuff so I really like lean
chicken and sweet potato fries and stuff
so I've just ordered a ton of food from
there have no idea what to expect this
here is a BBQ chicken lean box literally
just chick in oh my gosh so that looks
so good
and then that there's a chicken wrap
that there are some rice don't know
where to put this let's look at the rice
and then we've got sweet potato fries in
here as well
oh man this is so good this is going to
be my new favorite place to eat sweet
potato fries this is amazing this is
exactly what I need to eat off of the
gym as well just tons of chicken carbs
mmm yeah but I'm going to eat this I've
also just uploaded the new gaming videos
I film which I alia it has just gone
live but literally this minute alright
guys I am all tucked up into bed I'm so
tired
so that in blog much tonight I spend the
vast majority that on the phone - my
friend Lawrence literally having the
biggest capture ever because I haven't
seen or spoken to him in a couple of
months so that was super super nice I'm
now tucked up in bed with this one she
is fast asleep all that minute go she
was just barking
got to be quick because my camera
battery is flashing min ago she just
stood up jumped off the bed and was just
barking and nothing some kind of scared
that there's a ghost in here I feel like
there's some kind of paranormal activity
because she was not happy a minute go
and I couldn't see anything and she was
responding Lee
that's bloomin scary and Zoey's not here
as well literally just me if it was a
ghost I'm just hoping that it was the
light bulb thief that's what I'm hoping
because anybody else they're not
welcoming Matt actually shall I say that
I might upset them might annoy them and
they're in the room I mean you're very
welcome
I love you so much if you're around here
any ghosts I'm saying this joking back
to my video I'm genuinely actually
scared anyways I'm going to end the vlog
hopefully this will be uploaded if it
doesn't get uploaded then it goes to
Scott me and nobody will ever see this
footage I'll catch it more give the
video thumbs up if you enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up give
it a ten even though I'll catch you
tomorrow good night
