good morning guys
the time is about quarter to eight I
woke up a quarter to six today by the
receipt quarter not quarter why why my
way is very popular here and none of
those friends that creeps me out
no that can't be sure my camera your L
come here why my desk okay now that is
literally killing it show everyone your
L my gosh it's so wet you've obviously
been playing with out haven't you this
morning
anyways just make a breakfast for poppy
and I before we go to the gym Bobby's
got to a two x over three mimics we're
gonna chop up the moon on ozone but in
that what you got on your baby
oh and he runs away are you a nickel
reindeer are you back from the gym it
was super super good today
we did box in which I've never done
before like proper boxing boxing gloves
and everything on pad snooze like right
left duck and all of that stuff
I let me know wasn't very good it was
all right it was fun I really enjoyed it
did you enjoy it pop now a parcel has
just arrived to pass swords in fact at
the house from what I ordered yesterday
one of them I'm not gonna show you I'll
show you in a couple of days in the
video but one of them which i think is
this bigger one I will show you now mail
time mail time with Alfie the time where
open mail still doesn't have a song for
that we need to get one can somebody
make me and link me a little theme song
for every time I open mail but I have a
guest - what you think this is no no
there's no point you running over you're
not gonna like it although it is a
present for you
it is I got you a present so what do you
think it is
don't know it's for not oh look at she's
genuinely no put you in this plan
my remote control spider I wanted to see
what she does scare factor remote
control spider so we're gonna try and do
a little spider pinecone Nala look at a
little face I feel so bad we're about to
do something not very nice to you yeah
you might like it I don't know
right it's in a bit we're gonna unbox
that and try that online and see what
she thinks but we'll do it later on
today I need to have a protein shake
Oh what is in here I wonder it's the
surprise I'll show you in a couple of
days yeah I need to have a protein shake
and I need to need to have a shower at
lunchtime some back home from town don't
worry guys I just remembered though I've
got a hair band in that is purely just
because I went to the gym this morning
why am I telling you that you already
know that if you all need to keep my
hair out the way at the gym this morning
because usually when I'm in the gym I
wear like my red hat or my green hat or
beanie but when I'm doing different kind
of workout like with popular when I do
like fitness workout rather than just
muscle building it's so hot and sweaty I
cannot wear a hat so I just put this in
to keep my hair back whilst at the gym
just went through a town poppy as you
saw that tiny little clip and sorry I
didn't film too much town was so busy
and we were just trying to get in and
out as quick as possible because we got
a lot to do today
separately so I just put my lunch I have
gone for a banana I just had to get it
it looked so delicious doesn't look as
yellow in the camera in real life it's
so yellow then I got this from it C
which is like chicken and rice then I
also got a sandwich which is more
chicken and then I wasn't planning on
getting this I know guys I thought a lot
I wasn't planning on getting this but it
pumpkin soup and in the shop they were
like if we've got soup as well and I
really feel like supers know like white
smelly and then you're saying I was like
okay I'll buy one I'll have one of those
as well look at her she's just
somebody's and down there no
that's the Sun so much that's all she
does is just find little spots of Sun
don't you baby and you sleep Annette and
then I also went for one of these which
is coconut water I don't know if they're
actually good for you
I just see a ton of like healthy-looking
people drink in them so I bought one I
used to hate it and I think I quite like
it now oh and this if there wasn't any
Bolivian water to God which is a raw
fruit fix Apple would find that for
sovereigns banana apple juice blended
with ice and it is amazing like it's ooh
your food is good like it is a good
thing to me wrong it's not like
unbelievable it's good this is
unbelievable if you live work or
anything they're in it so if you go to
in it so get this drink it is amazing
just woken up from a two-hour nap I have
no idea where I put my trousers I pick
up I took off and took off I'm still
quite sleep took off my at you right let
me take Nolan outside for a wheelie
Killman em I took off my trousers to
have a nap on my t-shirt so that was
just in my boxers having a nap during
the day is the best thing like I love
napping during the day but it can be bad
right let me sit down and have a job you
come then down a hurry up it can go one
of two ways you can even wake up feeling
so refreshed and awake and all good like
I do now or very easily which is the
vast majority of the time I can wake up
feeling like I've gone club in the night
before and I'm hungover good girl she's
doing a weak feeling like I've gone
clubbin feeling like somebody's just
like punched me around the head got a
headache and it can be like the worst is
you never I just woke at wake up and
they just wake up more tired than when I
went to bed so luckily today it paid off
and you ready to go sorry trying to get
some lunch and I don't actually feel
very tired which is really really good
this place is so messy there is stuff
everywhere
also my hair looks like this because
obviously I'm just woken up so what was
it getting you lunch that's love doing
baby wasn't okay oh you're Bo's not
there
Oh where's your bowl come on nyla had a
nap with us the entire time as well
didn't you baby did you ever sleep with
mommy and daddy she doesn't really care
all she wants is her food okay make sure
I didn't put it in the water bomb that
win the fingert I need to have a little
tidy up need to do the dishwasher need
to put the George Foreman away
I need to tie you up my lunch I had
three lunches and I completely forgot to
show you guys or it's not very good
lighting here I'm getting my blinded
what I bought you can barely even see me
and I'm sitting in the front room let me
change rooms
I completely forgot to show you guys
what I bought earlier after poppy and I
went to the gym so poppy and I went
afterwards and bought our own boxing
gloves how sick is that well but did
have a clue what I was looking for I
just texted my personal trainer pictures
these ones are for like pads and boxing
punch bags they're not for like sparring
my fighting other people because we
don't want to be doing that we literally
sure like I'm not too fussed about
learning technically how to box I don't
want to have a box like that kind of
thing I literally to undo it for fitness
I want to put the camera down somewhere
but I'm sitting here in my boxers these
are the boxing gloves we got have no
idea what they are Extreme Pro box and
they're leather so they've got this I
didn't want shown you how to put on
boxing gloves do any of you guys box let
me know in the comments I my sister
loved it today this little ones watch
your Marty and me neither
do you like the doggy is that doggy your
friend look at her
nah nah it's like with you trying to get
a get off of the next what was I they
watch nada nada
now that
mother come here yeah Nullah come here
watchlist if she says no that's it well
that's it no that's it
it's literally like she got here there
we go Nala is not ready for what is
about to happen
are you ready guys then damn alright so
she's got a little Halloween outfit on
well the outfit are you ready jesus
loves playing all know what's that give
it here
she wants the antenna this little bit
yeah I think I may have accidentally
bought the world's slowest spider this
is not this is not work she just likes
playing with the end of the antenna
there we go out for you money well spent
on a bloomin metal antenna yeah
now move this watch damn it I wanted
that to be good I honestly thought she
was gonna crap herself and be really
really scared that was the biggest fail
no help me it's on my third oh she just
thinks it's like a guinea pig or
something she literally doesn't get oh
oh go on beat out Nullah make it turn
round going on to get it go on get it Oh
bloomin AK she does not like it
oh she's scared of it
why apparently I need to get a remote
control back Zoe is telling me what is
it fast
is there a motor to wrap who have you
seen at one of them I need one where any
like petrol in it so it can go like
chase around the house do you like a
little pumpkin outfit yes you go back to
bed have cuddles
all right after that epic fail kind of
put it on the table leave it and we're
gonna go upstairs and go to bed but
you're not gonna go to sleep it's quite
hot down here should we leave a window
open for a bit for now ah one thing that
I love about you guys on Twitter is the
not only just the amounts as poor and
tweets and papers and retweets and
replies and everything you guys give me
but is when I could log into my
merchandise Twitter account which is at
PB merch because I follow you guys back
in there I think I'd follow like 35,000
of you
you don't create the funniest group
chats ever and like I do read them
honestly yeah I generally do read them
not I'll be in a taxi on the way to town
or off to get lunch and I just sit there
I don't always reply reply quite a lot
but sometimes you guys are just having
lovely chats and now salty soaked
Satan's the salty suck Satan's is one
group another group that I've just
replied to was called Zoey's copper
candles so how does areas coffee caters
if you watch n then of course there are
ones that quite a lot of you guys know
the chumpies of course you guys know the
chumpies most of you do they and I like
meet these people in real life
and I know who they are just a little
bit to name somewhere Oh your old days
well what are the other popular ones
that we know enough then what do you
want you just said lucky charm Zoe's
lucky charms
they've also Alfie's Irish squad yeah
there is another irish squad have
meetups all the time they meet up yeah I
said the jump is they've meetups all the
time without me even being there like
just have Irish meetup so I meet ups in
Ireland just all meet each other and
hang out that is amazing like it's so
sick I want to somehow next time you
guys are all having a meet-up about me
let me know and I will order everybody
like takeaway so if you if there's like
15 or 20 of you whatever and you're
meeting there having fun in the park let
me know somehow an odds order like a ton
of dominoes to be there waiting for you
when you get there don't know how I can
make that happen I will try my best to
do something like that something cool
there's always just chatter chatter for
all the Zoey ones she just came for the
very ones from my from my merchandise
hey everyone did you say that you yeah
okay they're not gonna believe it guys
if you're watching which I'm sure you
are
zoey is replying look they're just
having a conversation what are they
sayin that's so cute I sometimes repeat
the conversations Neil just be like Oh
what you guys up to today and the other
day in the jump is they were like oh
I've just got my hair dyed what do you
think and then I posed himself did look
like ever had I never arms I love it
looks so good I think I met
I met someone from Zoe's Lucky Charms
did you what are you talking about
they've all new pictures in their live
I'm at live you met live Alfie's Irish
squad I read that one quite a lot what
are the ones do I read I feel like I
need to look at them right yeah
what is there's a yeah they're always in
it these guys are talking in it like
this groups of you like probably semi my
friends I just think I'm they all hang
out well you don't have to people will
be meeting up and just hanging out and
it's amazing I love it like I wish when
I was younger
although I did have a lot of friends at
school I was very very fortunate they
got on with a lot of people in my class
and stuff but the Internet just opens up
so many doors and opportunities for you
to meet like-minded people and that is
one thing that I think it's so positive
that comes out of social media is that
it's easier to interact and talk to and
get to know and obviously there are like
30 people out there so you don't want to
talk to and I know everyone but
like-minded people who enjoy the same
things and you're similar to yourself
and I think that is amazing that's one
of the most powerful things for social
media all going Alfie Zoe all the groups
because they obviously the other all
because then they tweet they tweet
screenshots this is what I did the other
day Zoe's Lucky Charms have just replied
oh Zoe's copper candles are this isn't
real this isn't real
oh my gosh I'm still shaken no thank you
alfalfa's there we go that's another
popular on the alfalfa's Zoe please are
you and I love it could people have
rushed I'd been there like doing such
funny spelling mistakes
oh and blimmin oh you were going to love
pumpkin chats there's one called like
bants the sublet squad have seen out
before you guys are just go I love your
little group chats and stuff
I will try for thirty three thousand
four hundred of you if you guys follow
me on that account I'm just gonna try
and follow back as many of you guys as I
possibly can every single day just
because I love being able to interact
with you guys on another level and DMS
is just an awesome way to do that do
your viewers want to know what I do on a
crazy Wednesday night and they're nutty
Wednesday night what do you do I'm
currently looking at reviews um force
careful
let's scare attractions yeah there are
some crazy ones in America no I'm
looking at all the reviews in the UK we
should go to another one
we love college ball I know that's why
that's why I mean but but then I don't
want to be like like Tully's is like the
best so I don't know if you don't want
to go to one this noise Oh new video of
Liam imagine that Liam giving you the
mic intro the pressure the pressure Mike
- yes that yo that is it wait one note
because there's one at the end of halo
where she nothing to her and I'm sorry
if you watch him but isn't the best at
singing that's what I'm not saying that
I'm any better but she's not the best
yeah have you had the other byung-se one
when they kill it no are you joking me I
don't think oh my god
there is one Beauty one where she gives
the mic to the person in the crowd and
she's just laughing because they are
insane
Nagar little face this is just the
cutest little baby in the world
I am gonna end the vlog now because I'm
about to put knowledge to bed I need to
get myself all tucked up in bed as well
because I'm currently laying on top of
the covers freezing cold I hope you
enjoyed today's video if you did give it
a big ol thumbs up to let me know and
yeah I'll catch you tomorrow thank you
so much for watching
you've had a lovely day or having a
lovely day wherever time is wherever you
are in the world I catch my good
