today sacani fringe kind of day right
good morning guys
although it's not the morning I don't
want to trick you and I don't wanna lie
to you it's this dark outside because it
is currently the evening I've just
uploaded the new daily vlog I should
close the blinds it's the evening
today's just been me and Allah at home
Zoe is at a book signing up in Bristol I
want to say so we've just been doing
life admin emails paying bills that kind
of stuff that you just sometimes up the
things that nobody wants to do in life
but you have to do you know the boring
stuff that's been today
so we're starting to vlog a little bit
late nevertheless it's still going to be
a good video don't you're worried about
that I'm just writing all out in a walk
because unfortunately I haven't never to
take about a walk so far did you just
hear me say that word did you miss a
walk did you need me say did you miss a
walk know that don't I gonna walk
oh come on then let's let's let you out
there oh my gosh somebody is gonna be
very excited provide a little harness
yes coming it up yeah good girl sit down
oh there we go
never ever forget poo bags always near
poo bags even if you don't do the food
just before you take it out for a walk
you never know what your dog is not
actually you probably do you probably
know your own dog better than I know
your dog that is what I normally do I
tie a poo bag around the lead so that I
can't possibly go out with without
forgetting one someone's already by the
front door waiting are you ready Missy
are you ready I feel like I've done the
biggest buildup in the world for a dog
walk 100 meters down the road and we're
already sniffing other dogs we come on
Missy come on that's good good girl
what have you been up to today let me
know in the comments like I'm genuinely
interested to know what you have been up
to today because I know all of you guys
aren't from the UK or from all over the
world you have all different jobs or
different careers or different hobbies
or different education systems and it
just be interesting or getting blinded
interesting to know that's some good
video lighting it'd be interesting to
know what you've been up to and what
you've done whether you've gone to
swimming club where you've you've had a
chess tournament
whatever you're doing I'm interested let
me know in the comments and I'll reply
to a load of you remind me to reply if I
forget at you shouldn't have drew from I
made I've told you I'll reply so I will
reply coming in Missy let's go and after
saying always take a poo bag because you
never know whether your dog needs it or
not which is true I still stick by what
I said knotted into a poop or away and
that walk did you lead off of yeah oh
beard well there we go
no good blame go run how do you want to
treat is that what you want you can have
all of them got one happy little puppy
down there so I've got simplest in the
post the other day and I haven't yet
used it let me show you let me show you
what it is it is this tune race drift
crash and launch it is called
I'm guessing it's called ollie unless
that's just the brand I've no idea who
sent it or anything I believe they just
sent it to our management office thank
you very much
if you own a cool tech company feel free
to send some stuff to my all this looks
amazing - my management's office cameras
technology gadgets all much appreciated
and I will try them out in my video buy
something on you I am the dark side this
is not paid I have no idea what it is
we're about to find out so I'm guessing
up all of these should we take this I
don't need that talk then should we take
this over here so this I'm guessing is
the thing that looks also some different
tires different tire
some alternative ends here's the
instructions I'm gonna read them and let
you know so that's for outside these are
currently for inside okay so I've just
plugged it in and it says it's
connecting I've just downloaded the Olly
app and I've connected it and touching
it to the device parent after touch it
guys guys guys something has happened ed
I am the dark side I don't know what is
happening it just saw it all flashes OH
name me OK
crap what do I name it plop plop done no
you do you do want that name do it put
me down in front of you okay let me
disconnect you next use the joystick to
drive me try it oh no oh my gosh oh my
gosh this is the sickest thing holy crap
its vast knowledge doesn't have to do oh
oh my god it's hard to drive now try
trick mode swipe and hold okay I'm gonna
try that whilst you guys looking at that
oh my god what the plumie no just
happened
I have no idea why knowledge run off -
I've got it down here okay I'm getting
the hang of it a little bit there we go
there we go oh it's as soon as I turn
this on its side and trick mode is
enabled that it turns hard yeah
hi I'm putting this thing back on charge
I'm gonna have to play with that over
the next couple of days Oh knowledge
does not look impressed liquor standing
over there come on come here I'm putting
it away now I'm putting it back on
charger no you didn't like that what I
should do guys is tie one of her toys to
the end of it once I get good at
controlling it and like drive it all
around the house and have her like
chasing it because it's blooming faster
this little thing or even do outside it
I could put the outside wheels on it but
dinner has arrived and since I've just
had a day or sitting staring at a screen
all day I thought a set fun when I just
took Nala now for the walk why say now
that was like an hour ago now I've just
ordered my dinner so here I've got a
chicken salad I've got half a chicken
and then I've also got some coleslaw and
I ordered it from delivery which I
absolutely love
it's basically like a middle person
between a restaurant and your house so I
can choose from a list of like 50
restaurants in Brighton and buy whatever
I want from the menu some of them don't
even normally do delivery or anything
like that so it could literally be like
a pop-up restaurant in town and then I
make the order and somebody from the
delivery company delivers it to my house
and always whenever I do this which I do
get them quite often I always tip the
driver on the website but when you
purchase the food you can add tip and
you can choose how much of the tip you
want just the delivery person to receive
for delivering your food all the way to
your house for you and normally I will
always tip them like 10 or 20 percent of
whatever whatever I'm buying they
completely forgot to do that tonight
and delivery person just turned up at my
door and gave me my food and I
completely forgot so I've just rung up
now I deliver and
I am really really really sorry I forgot
to add a tip to my driver
to the person delivering my food is it
possible to add a tip and they can't do
it they said you can give it to the
mccoshen I was like they've already left
so delivery if you're somehow watching
as a company please can you add a
service so that once the right once the
driver the delivery person has already
left you can go back into the system and
give them a tip somehow because I wish I
did this job - sorry
he wasn't even driving he was cycling he
recycling all the way from the
restaurant to here and I wanted to be
able to give him a tip but I can't
because I forgot anyone
so yeah pastor said something that you
should do I'm gonna do all my chicken
and my son in now and I can't do in a
bit I don't know if I'm even allowed to
eat this I'm not sure whose it is
exactly what it's brother melted in the
back maybe that's because it's been near
the candle just there or maybe the Sun
either way now it's damaged
I'm really sorry Zoe if you're watching
but I'm gonna have to eat it's not my
fault it's already got a hole I mean I'm
not gonna eat the whole thing but no
it's already got a hole in the head I'm
gonna have to just eat it doesn't taste
very nice mmm sure I don't know if I
told you guys but I've booked my driving
theory test for Ida is it bad luck if I
tell you what it is I feel like there's
like a myth they shouldn't help you on
your driving test or your theory tests
are because it's bad luck anyways my
theory test is on the 12th of November
and I'm just practicing now for the
first time I need to pass it first time
number one because apparently it's just
super easy and if I don't then it's
embarrassing and now I've told like
millions of people that I'm doing it it
will be even more embarrassing wouldn't
just be my friends witnesses maybe
there'll be all of you guys as well so I
need to pass that that is on the 12th of
November and then hopefully soon after
that I'll book a driving intensive
course so that's going to be
Orson that'll take like five days out of
my week I may have to I don't know if
I'll be able to daily vlog those days I
probably will but it will be mainly me
driving so I don't know how much I'm not
exactly going to be allowed to vlog was
learning how to drive so I'll be
interesting hopefully fingers crossed
I'm gonna pass everything and be insured
and driving my own car before Christmas
that is my aim I want to be in my own
car drive it around before Christmas I
just did one practice test on like one
of 13 different segments that are in the
practice theory I'm just reading through
all of it properly so at the moment I'm
reading about attitudes
I'm not crossroads no one has priority
slow down look both ways before pulling
out watch out for pedestrians at or
approaching a zebra crossing and be
prepared to slow down and stop be
patient if they're a bit slow basically
I'm just reading all of this stuff like
just like the simple need to know kind
of things I've just done one practice
test on one of the topics it was at one
of 13 and I got 97% I got one question
bong and I was torn between two answers
it was what was it was something about
overtaking and I got I was torn between
two and it was the other one that I
thought it could be at first I put it
then I went back and then changed it and
I shouldn't have done
everybody says with your driving theory
test and go with your instinct because
it is often so obvious what the answer
is but people overthink it and therefore
get it wrong and that's exactly what I
did but 97% that's not bad a thing I've
spent enough time today on my laptop it
is closed for the evening at least for
now
it is closed for the evening but now I
do there are I just find it so hard I
don't know if it's just me to put my
laptop away in the evenings I think it's
one addiction I have is just wasting my
time and my laptop like it's not even
like I'm always doing something
productive also I bought one of these
the other day for the second time I lost
my first one then I went it is a 2 meter
iPhone charger
and I love it because there is nothing
worse than I go into a hotel or just
even in my own bed like going to use my
phone and it like pulling out like it
not being long enough if you get me
first world problems when you're iPhone
charger wire isn't long enough to reach
your bed because you're so lazy that you
want to use it whilst it's charging oh
no Alfie Zoe and I ever knew of always
no laptops in bed so I shouldn't take my
laptop with me or I should and I should
just stick to them all and not go on it
so I'm going to turn it for the lights
down here mm-hmm
turn off turn off and I'm gonna go
upstairs Zoe's had the words of longest
book signing and drive and everything
today she did a book signing as I told
you so the drive there was like three
and a half hours and it was mentally
three and a half hours back but they hit
traffic
so the drive back took five hours look
at these to be miss knowledge today who
have you missed more me or nyla today
yeah to be honest you can't say both of
us can't my name baby
Campbell Oh big stretch ease oh I know I
know you want to sleep on daddy so I
hope you take out with the whole of
Daddy's bed let's be downstairs to bed
yeah
I'm just power outside to go to the
toilet and she is gonna hate me tomorrow
because it's raining outside over so bad
if I know she needs the toilet has she
gone Tibet oh yeah you're waiting in
your bed I'm gonna have to get you one
of these yeah we go you're waiting in
your bed no night baby I see you early
tomorrow morning time for me to go to
bed I was literally like in this clothes
just then from eating some chocolate but
I'm going to the gym am i turning this
light off I'm going to the gym tomorrow
morning at 8 a.m. with poppy so I really
really shouldn't be eating chocolate
otherwise there's no point working out
guys oh my gosh you can barely even see
me I'm all tucked up in bed all cozy
they're all tucked up I've miss of that
in a while I want to start saying that
every night whenever vlogs like I used
to
I'm all tucked up in bed and I'm
currently watching Harry Potter there is
I don't have Zoey and I told you in one
of my other videos but there's like a
Harry Potter channel one now like just
specifically for Harry Potter which
basically mrs. Owen oh I've got it on
24/7 whenever we're near a TV so I've
just put on a 60 minute timer so after
six minutes the TV will turn itself off
and deep in Harry Potter that's my good
sleep and this one is the Prisoner of
Azkaban
so anyways okay two more guys I've got
an early start with the gym 8:00 a.m.
with poppy tomorrow I might try and film
some of it but I'm not too sure because
it's like super intense working out so I
don't know if I'll be able to film it
maybe I'll try and get ed my trainer to
film some but I'll see you then I catch
you tomorrow give the video a big thumbs
up if you enjoyed it let's see how many
we can get good and blonde here that
thumbs up button and I'll catch you
tomorrow good Blumenau spray in there
now night
