you the king of the castle sitting up
there when your throne Are You Missy
come on then let's have a play good
morning everybody
I've got the gym I need to find a be new
I had to put on because my hair is
looking like this today I've got the gym
in about 25 minutes but I'm woken up
with a ton of energy like I think it's
because the clocks went back like I told
you yesterday oh in the UK the clocks
were back last night which means that
again extra I mean I don't technically
get an extra hours sleep every night but
it is right now twenty minutes to nine
no twenty minutes to eight but because
the clocks went back in feel was like
look at my hair it feels like 20 minutes
to 9:00 so it feels like an hour later
than what actually is if you get me I
need to have some breakfast before going
to the gym I don't know what to have oh
I need to have a bonaga Oh dropped on
the floor
got my banana and what else you'll have
a big ol drink of water I got my drink
of water
and now I just left I think I want some
that porridge or something that's what I
think I'm gonna have not that weird
protein shake did I show you guys that
in a video the other day I've bought
some really expensive protein shake
there literally tastes like what you can
imagine a fart would taste like it is
disgusting and I'm never ever gonna have
any again unless I meant to put it with
something I don't know maybe I'm meant
to like oh so that's the worst camera
angle maybe I meant till I put it with
oh that's a great idea Ralphie you're
gonna have some Weetabix and chop up my
banana and put my banana on top that is
a fantastic idea
great thinking what about all the milk
now I live normally up today Norman okay
for almond milk today I live for normal
milk this is gonna sound completely
normal to
like 99% of you but I know she's just
stopped I was perhaps a no has become so
much so much Pittman after possibly I
got it mom
Harley's become so much more independent
recently like just then whilst others
making breakfast she was over in this
path from them just like playing with
toys and you could hear squeaking away
and stuff like that like it's so much
nice and now knowing that she's just
content playing with herself
yes got a possibly playing with herself
than us having to play now now she
brings oh oh she didn't bring it over to
me oh she did but she's just been so
much more independent lap she is so cute
love my broken camera there we go right
finished up at the gym then just went
home and played banana for a bit and had
to deduct two lunches to like just maybe
now with mom in town and the bug let me
show you the phone where's your eyes so
the other day well everyone that's
Bolivian done I've even dropped mine in
the bar the other day mom dropped her
phone and I smashed all the screen
mom asked me for a phone case literally
like the combination and then I draw and
then she dropped this one the day off
too asking me so off to get it fixed
it's so smashed I'm back from town got
my mama's phone fixed and luckily I
forgot I paid for her to have Apple Care
Plus on it which many only costs no Lee
was chasing the bad around the garden
that it only cost fifty pounds for the
phone screen to be fixing everything I
took one hour what is she doing also had
lunch from mum and town and bought some
new headphones to film gaming videos
with they look amazing so I'm super
super excited to use those and new
gaming videos too Missy come on go to
the toilet good girl she's having away
Zuri's home from her second book signing
and not allow has got some new clothes
from some of you guys that went to guys
one of you gave her that new little
hoodie that she's wearing what does it
say on the bottom oh oh like that she
gets up to show you know what you say
nothing to wear there's nothing to wear
and then one of you guys also gave her
which I love I'm gonna just trying to
get it is this a little coat and it is
the cutest softest thing and it fits her
so well are you enjoying cuddle with
mommy there you cuddly mummy she's so
cute
bite what we doing for dinner I've just
had another meal I just had some chicken
and why's it focusing over there focus
on my face I'd have some chicken rice
and what are we oh nice hat
what we can have for dinner also in town
earlier on I met so many of you guys I
forgot it was halftime which means that
nobody is at school or college and it
was literally like a meet up walking
about town with my mum it was absolute
crazy if he saw me it wasn't
meeting you and put the picture online
so I can see it I can like it and tweet
ends that no less so so sleepy as soon
as she put nonliving clothes she just
wants to like fall asleep and cuddly
yeah it's just like she's being like
cuddled permanently and she loves it
if you guys don't be a dog in clothes
you should say you know nyla like why
would you put your dog in clothes and I
get it's kind of weird but her she just
loves it she's not weird why do we work
she kind of thought well we need
placement they have fur so I don't need
plates I just do it like that she just
falls asleep like she was knit you just
to sleep down here I don't know I just
showed you the floor she was literally
just asleep there for like half an hour
she just looked like a little she looked
like a jumper on the floor you can see
her very well good yeah good you let one
bite what should we do for dinner you
don't know no no what do you want to do
what do you want to do did you hear me
say that word and you go excited the D
word he said what do you want to do for
di NNE are someone's ears pricked up
right guys I am tucked up into bed I've
realized that I have literally blogged
nothing today and I'm so sorry but I
until now I've just been so tired all
day I think I might be because the
clocks went back and because right now
it feels like an hour later than what it
actually is if that makes sense
and so what I think I'm gonna do to make
up to you guys it's tomorrow morning I'm
gonna film a little QA and insert it at
the end of this video so you still have
something to watch I hope you enjoy the
little Q&A you're about to see give the
video a thumbs up if you do enjoy it and
okay phew tomorrow
lol Oh how you doing right I've got my
laptop here and it's time to do the Q&A
that I was just talking about one second
ago for you guys which would actually
like 15 hours ago for me
so let me pop you up here
in my little office at home I've just
tweeted on my laptop saying tweet me
with the question and I might answer
yours in my new blog and the Internet
some reason won't reach to my office
that's good isn't it another let me come
over to the love get me a baby come and
say hello these guys might want to see
you say hello see imagine if I could
train had to go
oh right you saw mine up there whilst I
do this what to do Matthew and a good
girl right you might just see this off
of her head a little bit in this right
let's gets my mentions which he most
excited for Halloween or Christmas
oh sorry it Bossk you on the head I'm
sorry I would say Christmas no I know
Halloween is sooner
but Halloween I don't I don't really get
as excited for I I don't trick-or-treat
anymore I think I'm a little bit too old
for that I do still do that Halloween
stuff with friends and things like the
other day we went to that thing in my
vlogs like the horror experience which I
loved that now that is over I'm kind of
like my Halloween experience has gone
this year I don't know what we're doing
for actual Halloween in the evening so
I'm guessing if I had really good plans
for that then it made me more excited
for that than I would be Christmas but I
just love Christmas I think I'm a very
very very festive person around
Christmas does that make sense I love
buying people presents that is one thing
I love doing more than anything is
buying somebody something or seeing
something in the shop and being like oh
my god I know they're gonna love this
and then just the excitement of them
were like me watching them open it that
is like one of my favorite things
alright see rate another knowledge on my
lap have I listened to five seconds of
summer's new album yet I have not I
haven't listened to it yeah I really
really need you I am sorry
I'm apologizing in advance I need to
listen to it do you have any future
plans for merchandise I do I have a new
piece of merchandise coming out every
single month and I am like I'm so
excited
I will put my
Instagram and my Twitter for just my
merchandise account here if I remember I
don't remember then I'm just or credly
like stroking the air hopefully I'll
remember to edit that in you guys can go
follow me over there and you will see
like sneak peeks you will see like
update photos you will see me planning
things you'll see pictures of you guys
wearing like if you want if you have any
items my merch tag me on Instagram or
Twitter at PB merch and I'm gonna upload
or I will be uploading every single day
a ton of different pictures of you guys
wearing and using my merchandise and
stuff but yeah I've got a piece of
merchandise coming out if you can
already tell other into this video on
Sunday and I am like excited for it like
it is my favorite piece of merchandise
I've released so far it is coming out
for on Sunday and oh my gosh I just love
it I love it love it love it well I
haven't even seen a physical I don't
want to give anything away a physical
version of it yet I think I'm getting
one tomorrow
so hopefully oh my gosh I'm just so
excited it's gonna be sick what's your
favorite quote I have a lot of quotes
that I love you guys know that because
late at night on Twitter I get into the
point I get so deep on Twitter to the
point where somebody tweeted to me
yesterday and said you should have a
separate Twitter account just feel
quotes I'm not gonna do that because I
don't we that many I mean I do probably
tweet like 1 or 2 a day but I just love
inspirational quotes I think I'm
somebody that can I feed off of other
people very easily so if somebody in the
room is incredibly excited and happy
that makes me exciting happen if
somebody next to me home surrounded
myself with is very that sad down that
makes me sad and down so whenever I read
a very impulsive a very positive and
inspiring quote I think it does make a
big difference whether that's
momentarily or in the long-term makes a
very very big difference on me and one
of the quotes obviously you guys know
that I love is do more of what makes you
happy
that one has stuck with me for so long
and I hopefully it will stick forever
because I want if the rest of my life
just do things
that make me happy in the least cringe
where possible I know a lot of you will
find quotes and stuff cringy by just
think for me personally they inspire me
a lot
imagine if you'd never clicked upload on
your first youtube video where would you
see yourself without YouTube Wow oh my
gosh if I bottled out the first video
and was too scared and didn't do it I
have no idea why honestly because most
of my time in college I spent making
YouTube videos instead of working on the
topics that I was meant to be studying
for and just because I wanted to do
YouTube so bad and I loved doing it so
much that I spent all my time doing it
so I'm guessing I wouldn't have done
that like I think I'm I've always I've
always been somebody that spends all my
time doing stuff that I want to do I
would just put my time into something
else probably be like gymnastics or
skateboarding or something and hopefully
got quite good at those I don't I don't
know I literally have no idea can you
make a video on how to survive teenage
life I would love that I would love to
make a video how to swipe teenage life I
think one of my main bits of advice but
I'm saying that and I haven't even
thought oh yeah I'm like speaking ahead
of my brain remind yourself you don't
have to do what everybody else is doing
there is no wrong there is no right you
do you and surround yourself with
positive people who will keep you up is
that good I felt like that was my good
okay I'm gonna leave it there thank you
so much for watching today guys I'm
sorry that it was mainly a Q&A I will
see you tomorrow with a brand new daily
vlog I think I'm going to play this in
tomorrow's vlog I have no idea I just
received it in the post and it looks
incredibly fun and it is called Holly I
don't have that's the name of the robot
or anything I don't even know what it
does
received it in the post and I'm gonna
use it right I'll catch you tomorrow
guys thank you so much for watching give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
I love you so much let's see how many
thumbs up we can smash on these vlogs we
used to smash like 25,000 likes a video
so let's see if we can do that I'll
catch you tomorrow I love you so much
god I can't say goodnight because it's
not the night time bye
