we can always add to it is that gonna
work straight away for but to like the
big log log banner in the house for the
first time also we need to open the
doors we have to like this for six hours
to life fumigate it for the first time
yeah are there some short matches aren't
they
you'll get a snap if you hold it at the
end what is taking this one yeah yeah go
right underneath that I think probably
want to put on them yeah
it's proper going for it it's clearing
out as well now
apparently we're getting on the third
Christmas tree up today you got it I got
it oh she loves having that door opened
doesn't she
the garden is her kingdom
well so in Tracy pup our 3rd Christmas
tree it's time for me to sit down and
edit today's vlog good morning guys good
morning hey dear oh you're having a
lovely day today is the big day it's
nearly the big time 38 minutes until the
Christmas merge goes on sale
I've just been sorting out all the stuff
on the website on the back end making
sure that everything is all good this
morning we popped out to a garden center
to was always said it was to buy plants
and to get dog food I think I got
tricked into going I mean we did get
plants and we did get dog food but we
also walked through all of the Christmas
section for ages
that's so cool
Santa's toy factory it's not even
December the first year it's not even
halfway through November I have no idea
you just finished editing the new vlog
laughing so much at the bat flips and he
saw yesterday's video you'll know what
I'm talking about
I've had my assistant editor helping me
out by the fire haven't I helping me
edit the vlog keeping me company for the
new Christmas PB merch has gone on sale
and I've been looking at wow that looks
so good just been reading all your
tweets seeing all of you guys who've
been ordering some stuff that looks so
good oh my gosh
with the Christmas music as well I love
hats lychee blue sky a Christmas tree
coming in yeah good girl I've been
telling you guys over the last couple of
weeks that I've got this really cool
trip planned for three school friends of
mine they have no idea where we're going
well it turns out that this trip is kind
of on Wednesday they still have no idea
where we're going the only hint that
I've told them is that we're going
somewhere hot and they're gonna find out
the rest when we get to the airport
holly keeps on trying to FaceTime me to
try and find out where we're going we
need to go to the airport today I booked
the wrong flight we're going today no
I've only bought one-way flights that's
the issue is I couldn't get the Ritter
it's fine though like then we're gonna
be able to get them all good we just
like to get a boat back
but my camera we're going we're going to
home for the day we're going to Brighton
just realize it has been three weeks
since my last live show on YouTube and I
told you guys promised you that I'm
gonna start doing more live shows so I'm
gonna grab myself a jumper because I
want to start this live show on my
trampoline just to HSN live in 10 or 15
minutes the new vlog is all out this all
I had just did a 40-minute live show on
YouTube did it on the one YouTube
channel though I normally do them on my
gaming channel because on that channel
definitely mine what I upload and when I
upload on this channel obviously I'm so
specific from one video a day at 5 p.m.
and I like to do if my life shows is
leave them up afterwards so that anybody
who couldn't make the live show because
they're asleep there in another country
or they were busy or they just missed
their I like to him to leave them up on
YouTube so that people could join them
afterwards kind of did my live show on
this channel which means that I can't
leave help afterwards for other people
to enjoy because then there'll be two
videos in one day and I don't I don't
want that so I did a super super
secretive live show shall we say
accidentally and I think like sixty
thousand people tuned in but they're the
only people that are ever gonna get to
see that live show during that time very
intrusive like fully decorated to trees
to fireplaces this fires still go in
like we've used a lot of logs but
basically I don't if I explained earlier
this morning when we got this house done
up we got a load of log burners put in
but when the first time you like them
you have to like them for a minimum of
six hours so they're all like the fumes
or the paint and the inside is like
proper burn and it's all like secure you
have to leave the doors open
the fumes are coming in and everything
long story short we've never ever lit
most of them at all so today this
fireplace lost is fired virginity and we
lit it for the first time so it's so I
still go and we're keeping it going how
long has it been so far Zoey four hours
so far out the six I'm going to put
another log on it okay yeah this
Christmas tree looks so good it looks
like we have three in my camera oh yeah
that looks so sick fire is going Freret
since but there's new logs in right what
you're doing up here
John smell so we can make it with you
don't like we haven't seen each other
today
you've been decorating nothing on my
laptop although we did go I said in my
blog earlier I don't know whether you
wanted to go to the garden center to
actually get plants and dog food or
whether you tried to choke me to go to
the Christmas section you are all over
that where's this squishy we're making
some mashed potato
oh no that's why someone would pick the
don't feel a thing really this is a tool
to make mashed potato in the best way to
me it looks like a scoop that you pick
up dog poo web or your dog food it's the
same as this we have that thing kind
honors food machines you need that brain
is coming out is it hard to do it like
is it taking a lot of the way you can do
it up yeah go on pie is ready we're just
seeing some celebrations at the moment
which is my second-favorite box Heroes
is my actual favorite you make an order
of what you think is my favorite order
and I make your favorite order no I want
to make my own
and I'll have it and you've got to tell
me if it's right yeah and you make yours
no no we both met yours then we both
make mine okay but I don't know I'm
filming myself am I supposed okay I'm
gonna go use to your favorite this one's
your favorite that that this one being
the best one you line yours up in what
order
Mars is the best you've never liked Mars
the best you're lying Mars is my
favorite and then this this bit oh well
I got the top four right you did get the
top four right and you've got Twix in
the right order
that's not too bad right like that right
you ready you're good what do you mean
of course a port for out there's a moat
use Windows there oh I didn't see any
motive enough oh I haven't even eaten
one malteaser you must have promise you
have enough one more teaser there's
actually all the Maltesers are missing
let's complain then if that's the case
you've been hiding them from me I didn't
even notice I didn't even they does
alright quick these are gonna melt under
my hand of course I took four I didn't
take one no happen we own about you've
got four playing galaxies
all claim galaxies oh wait I picked my
favorite for yellow it's there let me
wait which one's my favorite this one
okay you're so predictable these are
these are by far my favorite and you
can't just yeah that is my favorite
order although malteaser will be in
there but you hit them all I even said
oh so you didn't even know there I just
spend the last half an hour turn some
yoga perjurers Cole just trying it out
over the last couple of weeks I've
realized that I want to start doing
something called rocket yoga which is a
lot of like balancing and strength based
yoga so tonight so tonight I spent a
while watching some YouTube videos I'm
just going through some moves and
balancing and stretching most it was
just stretching really not just today
but three or four maybe five days now
I've done I've done a 12-minute video on
YouTube on how to do the splits and just
like gradually stretching I don't know
what I want to be able to do them I
think it's because I used to be able to
when I was younger I literally on the
screen when I come back in the room
you're gonna get into your bed
come on into your bed into there no
you're not how many know about tonight
come on why is she going she went
downstairs coming in she's trying to go
home with your mom come on
again to your bed stop in silly come on
in Tibet bet she's gonna go straight
past her bed
come on good cow see in the morning
Missy
