good morning guys today is going to be a
blooming good day I can just tell
already I think it's because the clocks
in the UK is it the UK which are
worldwide I have no idea
the clocks for me went back last night
which meant I got an extra hours sleep
which I'm happy about
if you can't tell already today is
Sunday which means for me a new main
channel video I've also already uploaded
yesterday scheduled a new gaming video
I'm about to go downstairs now and edit
get some breakfast and edit my new baby
blog and then then then then I'm gonna
film a new main Channel video and well
film it which I already know what I'm
doing I'm super excited you guys would
have seen it yesterday so I hope you
enjoyed it if you did I am yet to film
it I've yet to film it I don't know
which one's the right one which one's
the right one it's like to live in a
clock it's like lunchtime but I haven't
had breakfast yet I've just didn't been
in bed watching YouTube videos look at
the new camera equipment to buy the one
little bit of Sun that you found Oh face
no walking a tiny little bit of some tan
are you look at that that's so cute
no no what time is it is it time to give
you a wash we're gonna wash your face
and ears and nose with this and
everything on your head yeah and then
we're gonna put some of this on here and
we're gonna brush your teeth oh no no
we're gonna brush your teeth is that
nice or is that not nice we're gonna get
you lots of treats up here good girl
sit down good girl alright I'm gonna put
your treats here and then every time
you're being a really good girl nyla
we're gonna give you one of these I'll
let you just taste one just to show you
what it's like hope you grab that quite
fast come on such good care
okay yeah let's give you a treat oh good
so far Oh monkey ears out
guys look at this bird what is it
comment down below what kind of bird
this is that is insane I don't think
I've seen a bird like that before look
at the Hat
is it a type of magpie no that's so cool
alright there we go put you down so he's
going to get some different wipes I got
the bad wipes these wipes that Zoey just
gotta scented so gonna make a smell
beautiful no she doesn't
does she put some on your finger first
put some on your little finger tiny bit
okay that's quite a big bit no one no
let her lick that good girl good girl
just chew it for a bit my gosh look at
her look at her
good girl jeez this side look at it on
your chin let me hook in Thank You Nicky
you get in your teeth brush you can
scoop in Hey alright all done Nala we're
gonna give you a treat we just need to
quickly get the two first off your face
you little Messer know that what have
you got have you got a dental - no no no
right it is time to go film man who
really yet will part of money video
anyway par there as you would have seen
yesterday I filmed at home somehow got
to carry all of this upstairs let me put
you on there oh yo this looks so real
like a floating head hey we're gonna try
and film it
in this bedroom here I've no idea how
we're gonna film it just settin up or
the camera yeah that looks good
finished filming for my main channel
still put it all on you guys got the
outtakes
Nullah doesn't love me anymore she's so
scared come here baby come here
it's daddy hi it's really daddy come
here let me give me a cuddle Oh
everywhere that's my own that let's try
this oh all right
I really need you out of this it's daddy
yeah good girl baby all right
actor sweating feel my forehead my actor
sweat I'm like the Hulk these bits on my
rest oh my gosh I'm sorry sweaty yeah
thanks so much I'll catch you guys in a
little bit at my office once more
freshened up and everything stupid
broken camera I've just arrived at my
office I cannot wait my desperate
arrival should be early this week so in
the next couple of days I've got one
camera here which is just recording the
audio and one camera here which is
recording the video the reason why I've
got two is because this one is a 30 mil
lens if you're wondering so as to be
further back but it's really really nice
but because the room is quite empty
everything i if the microphone is on
this one it's a bit too echoey so I put
on another camera closer just recording
the audio I need to need to get filming
I've got my accessories here
this is part of it that is the other
part of it and then it was it was
lipstick and stuff and yeah oh my gosh
that has been like the longest filming
and editing session I have done since I
can remember three new videos up today
three new videos just got my main
channel finished or maybe my wallet and
my pocket put my hat on
I literally need the toilet so bad but I
didn't want to go until all need to
remember to close the window
didn't want to go into money videos up
down there while stupid just put my
shoes on oh my god feels so good all of
my family including Zoe - puppy Sean mum
dad and Zoe of all of my parents house
having a Sunday roast and they've all
eaten it without me because I'm still
editing them working so very seasoned if
you ever wonder what it looks like
somebody with Invisalign to put the
bracelet in it looks like this anyway
input anyways oh my gosh that has been
so good I feel so good about that video
and the best thing is that my office
isn't even a mess afterwards just film
like one of the messiest videos and
tidied up as I went along blooming out
check me out I'm actually about to wet
myself wrap and already been joking so
I'm gonna pack my bags I'm gonna stop
blogging so that I can pack even quicker
and I'll see you once I get to my
parents and I meet my Sunday roast find
myself late because they'll already know
goodbye
I'm not mom and dad's just had dinner
I've got to film it it was like an
absolutely massive Sunday roast and
we're all about to play we've got the
doggies here play games I've no idea
what game I'm about to play
mom's calling oh is this the doc wanna
play is
so I'm gonna plant dog bingo game we
played that in the vlog though more we
plant this little one the memory game
and then we game right
who's the game they were about to play
are we have 15 cards in the middle here
do their words or pictures on them
that's important
pictures on them what folks up with
cherry fiber then going to be removed we
have one minute to remember the 15 5 of
them removed and we have to guess with
not guess we have to know the 5 they're
missing do you have to keep up keep it
covered in case well don't want anyone
else to do pop is gonna cheat I'm gonna
be rubbish at you I think my memory not
my great is it right mum dad's is good
dad says always good are you so
competitive toy train toy train guitar
by dads taking them all away he's then
gonna put 10 back and we have to know
the missing 5 general this is any
possible like scramble time I've got any
yet I need to go outside
I came third in that game Zoe one mum
came second Sean when he came last he
said is talking about that
what combo is this garden hmm alright
guys just going to bed completely forgot
to end my vlog and all the lights off
and everything so don't have to be oh
yes well my my bracelet reflects
sunlight
big thumbs up if you enjoyed it go check
out yesterday's video
