good morning guys I'm currently in the
office with Marcus anomie planned a
little bit a table tennis destroy Marcus
and beat me once in Dubai then I cried
and cried ever since so and we're just
messing about we just came to breakfast
alone I tried to film it
we're into The Breakfast Club which is
amazing not in my office anymore I am
now when you called the Concorde - in
Brighton along the beach actually I just
met a ton of you guys walls from the way
because today is Zoey's book signing the
first book signing for girl online on
tour starting in Brighton which is nice
as only it's like down there somewhere
meeting like a ton of you I think
there's like 500 what 800 of you or
something like that and I think she's
over halfway through poppy and Sheen
over here as well she knows and plot
yeah we might go say hello just over the
people some of you guys in a minute
don't know what else to say I don't know
what doing today I've got to film a new
main Channel video which is got at the
same days you're watching this I still
need to film that because I've been
super busy this week other than that not
too sure though he's even got a little
gang though look at this a little table
looks so cute though he's finished
asylums they're doing some group snaps
the last week we just go in we just got
back now from your book signing good it
was so nice yeah I was worried I would
be anxious but I wasn't I did the whole
thing and I was absolutely fine and I
will come on town with Marx and Amy
beforehand and we have breakfast and
there was so many people with like your
books
who'd already been in - yeah yeah like
three little bracelets on and putting on
t-shirts and stuff is cool and there are
so many presents show these guys were
your presence well also I just want to
say you guys don't have to get me
anything just say yeah it isn't like
Zoey had to have a taxi bring all the
stuff back separately from us because it
wouldn't fit in the car I urge you not
to do this for any youtuber you can
always have to take presents
it's so so sweet lover but it is insane
and we do not experiment retain from the
benefit their knowledge loving or her
new toys and look at all of these gifts
how many boxes of presents so need up
and so many like ham made like this one
over here I really like we haven't
looked through many of them yeah there
was another one that was similar to that
one look and they had Pippen and Percy
in it too Nara and Zoe yeah oh yeah nah
nah Alfie Pippin Zoe Percy is so cute I
love stuff like that it's literally like
Christmas Day this is exciting
what kind of like crinkly let's pull
these off get reception I'm assuming
this is finale'
of course it's not for you is it
Christmas themed is making all copper
there's so much copper in there it is
insane look like this she's sitting down
attack the elf attack the Elle
she's caught at Zoey's out the Alfea
no way oh thank you so much for the gift
for Darla I love it
tissue paper yeah that's really cool
business oh my what is it
what is it oh it looks like something -
my favorite color is all term with a
little autumn candle in it oh my
goodness you guys just know me so well
my favorite color is autumn lunch has
arrived we have ordered a wagon mummers
because we're just both knackered so so
tired we didn't really want to do any
cooking oh I forgot they've changed for
the packaging they've changed everything
for wag Mama's into these cool little
like bowls and stuff so this is my
chicken side and as like my dip in the
middle look at the juices are in nice
little bottles now yappy oh you're not
even in focus one minute there we go and
then look what we watch in
can you guess what we're watching we're
watching Harry Potter as well this is
like it feels like a Sunday it's like a
movie and outside it's raining yeah it's
raining loads when I just picked up
there I just asked answer the door to
the delivery man or scary part in high
water
yeah whatever way I just want to go to
watch TV you are CJ you know on the
wrong side we hope to this vinum I know
don't know where we're going all I know
is it's really cold raining loads and
I've got to run a jacket
I'll be ensuring it also here and what
we going to Marsha Marsha we're going to
get them quick Martian which is I don't
know too much that it's like a space
bill we're gonna go see the three do
this tickets now we have two tickets
yeah all I know is that Jim Chapman did
the premiere for like the so I know it's
good we're gonna go and see I'm super
excited
we're going in cut myself nice blast
some free D glasses and of course I got
back elf oh it's already started
oh okay guys have got to acquire oops
sorry right we'll see off to the film Oh
No we've got another broken camera this
is I think my big camera of the g7x
maybe the Mike for all of the shutters
just break some people say it's because
we're gonna in my vlogs I go at the end
I don't think that breaks them but it
might not help anyways we finished
watching the film evidently because I'm
at home and I'm in bed what did you
think of the film
I mean I'll forget about it in two hours
it wasn't like it was shot really well
like I think a lot of people worry like
it just wasn't really my cup of tea
yeah it was very sciency it was very
long it felt long know what's going on I
thought it was amazing I absolutely
loved it and so did Sean oh I like it
wasn't like a ten out of ten but I would
say was a solid out of 10 I would give
it a 7.5 if it was a bit shorter
probably would have been an 8 I really
really liked it not only did you like it
and that's good she's fast asleep like I
always know when a film isn't as great
as I want it to be when it gets it when
I start thinking oh
yeah like that's good when you check
your watch and then that one I actually
put my head on your shoulders and show
my yeah you did
so that's where I know a film it's not
that it was rubbish it was really good I
just it I thought it was really good I
would never watch it again
and then I would say it was all poaching
the I meant to think your nose and we
also watched in 3d which I love Louise
would like that because she likes space
and stuff it would be your now yeah if
you like space you like science you like
mathematics go and see it it is blooming
awesome and we've just ordered some food
because again as we've just said we've
got back in it super late at the time
now is currently three minutes past
12:00 at night I'm just catching up on
other people's blogs that I haven't
watched over the last couple of days and
we both just uploaded these locks both
of our videos have gone up from the
Halloween stuff last night and that's
about it that's it for now oh look guys
where this was filmed here we've been
there haven't we we shot one of your
look books there alright guys we are
going to sleep now we're just watching a
program look at my hair sorry about my
hair guys it is literally crazy and not
even in focus this bloomin camera I'm
gonna have to order a new one on I
alright there we go and as I said we're
watching a program at the moment where a
woman was at a theme park with her new
baby which was like one years old her
boyfriend mom and her dad and she was oh
my stomach really hurts and she was gone
almost went on every single roller
coaster they had all the rides
everything my drinking normal food and
then she said all my stomach really
really hurts went to the bathroom and
had a baby but she didn't even know she
was pregnant and she had a baby just
from really bad stomach pains started
screaming and then a baby just came out
and there to get like a nurse from the
theme park and that's like help her but
when the nurse came in the baby is
already on the floor just with that one
bit
called attached to her and the baby
still like that is insane
she didn't even realize she was pregnant
and then she gave birth oh my gosh
absolutely crazy mind-blowing anyways
I'm gonna end the vlog now guys sorry
that it's been quite a mismatched day
I've just done lots of different things
and I don't really know what I filmed
them what I didn't film not sure about
that the same day as this I've got a new
video going up on my main youtube
channel which I can tell you what it is
even I haven't filmed it yet I'm going
to film it tomorrow morning youtuber
Halloween outfit ideas so I chose three
youtuber like styles or outfits or
characters or I'm not going to tell you
what it is you'd have to go and check
out the video but I've chosen three
youtubers and unlike outfit tutorials
how to be them for Halloween if you
wanted a Halloween idea and want it to
be a youtuber they're super super funny
ideas they're not just like wear clothes
like Zoey they're like I don't know
they're quite funny I think they're
funny anyway maybe it's just me I'll
leave a link to Adam blade go check it
out go show some love do a thumbs up and
stuff that is right I will catch you
tomorrow
no video good
