good morning everybody
are you doing today I got a fun day you
can turn into song for you um look at
these two look at these two little ones
over here look at them no they just
licking each other's faces hey no no
come here
what's this see you Lou see you Lou why
did you just kiss in each other
NOLA don't lick a bomb come on out
laughs a dog beat her up
go on off her waist in the Tonia gyms I
woke up nice and early this morning but
not as early as this one though he has
been up since a half past six
super super early I'm currently watching
American Horror Story system in Internet
yeah hotel yeah so we've got on the new
season of American Horror Story last
night and it was like so scary
let me see it was so scary before I went
to it don't you make up I get a shower
as well I need an brush my teeth look at
this little sleepy one and then look at
this one just watching her know that
stop do it and now Martha's doing it
they literally just encourage each other
one of them will sit calm and then the
other one be like okay now you're calm
I'm gonna annoy you stop sniffing her
bum why would she want her bum sniffed
stop it
we got a doggy standoff who's gonna go
first
Nola's laying down my for standing up Oh
a doll away first
Oh a little bit what's happening come
off a beer up go on yes Martha yes
Martha Oh No
what's going on we thank you so much
guys we've just come out for breakfast
and we've got what did you guys go for
sausage scrambled eggs and bagels Anton
asked me how big was to be specifically
on the side
don't want soggy bagels and so he got
the same and then I've gone for this
good girl Missy look at her look at her
go
you little sausage oh she's so cute
she's so good at walking the dogs are
both asleep we've got this little sleepy
sausage here actually this one isn't the
sausage this one's the sauce Scotch egg
my legs soaked because she's had a bath
not because she's weed oh she's so cute
in there also I haven't told you guys
why Jim isn't here so Jim can I say why
Jim's like hang on I yeah as I filmed it
as well so you know the documentary last
film with Jim the other day in Brighton
he's filming some more shots for that
today and so that's why you can come for
breakfast which was a shame but don't
worry I sent him a video saying unlucky
we will go for breakfast in your area
yes
no Jim it's not Jim right we're about to
leave in a second so we need to say
goodbye to tea Tanya and we need say
goodbye to Martha cat flimming outside I
thought that was just the wrapper
anything not without break my teeth was
it is going to catch where did it go me
okay Marvin I eat it it's not loud
there's no limit our time to launch the
chocolate bark my head here's one of
these little things
just got back home now it is 4:18 I've
got my sushi in my little snaps there
from earlier on that I haven't eaten yet
and I have literally no time I have 42
minutes to edit export upload and have
the video processing live for you guys
so bloomin heck it's going to be a rush
today then I need to head to my office
plan this Sunday's video because I've
got the busiest day tomorrow I'm going
back to London tomorrow night I tell you
why tomorrow
and then on Friday I've got something
super exciting happening so I'll tell
you what I'm doing then oh my gosh it's
going to be fun fun couple of days but
busy so I need to get this need to get
this blog up now just finished uploading
my new daily vlog and I let me sit down
have a proper chat with you because I
got I got something to say basically for
the last week or so these videos have
been getting like a third of the views
that my normal videos get which I don't
mind I don't mind if a video gets less
views than normal it doesn't bother me
the only thing that bothers me is
there's like literally a third like if
it was 10 20 30 50 thousand less than
usual it doesn't really matter I don't
focus on the views I don't really care
about the views I just look at like the
comments and stuff like that but the
fact that it's literally a third I'm
like what is happening something must
have happened and anyways tonight I
found out that none of these videos that
I'm putting up or appearing in your guys
subscriptions boxes which is when you
click Subscribe on a youtuber the video
appears in your subscription feed when
you're on youtube.com now my videos
haven't been appearing there I've been
on Twitter all tonight for the last like
two hours trying to sort it out seeing
like what's happening and everyone is
just like when you're learning new video
where's your new video and my video had
already been up for two hours tonight's
new video it was like half past 7 my
videos go up at five o'clock and it was
away to a new video Alfie is half are 7
I'm like I put it up at 5 o'clock like I
meant to but it just didn't appear in
anybody's YouTube feed like are so
annoying so I'm gonna have to try and
get someone to contact YouTube for me
tomorrow and see if they can do
something to fix it and I normally don't
blame
this renew to bat is literally been all
of my comments to the point where
tonight's video I put it up at five
delete today a half past seven and have
reuploaded it at eight o'clock so it
only just went up about half an hour ago
is super super late now into the evening
but anyways enough rambling about that
so if you if you're watching this and
you do like my videos make sure you go
on my youtube channel five o'clock every
day there will be the new YouTube videos
there will be the new YouTube video
there it may not be in your sub box
because YouTube isn't isn't great
putting videos in subscription boxes
basically so don't rely on that just
look at my Twitter look at my snapchat
and just go to my YouTube page every day
at 5 o'clock anyways on a positive note
though is throwing a party with Poppy
and Shawn in the other room we've got a
bloomin Halloween party going on so I
think we're just going to be eating some
good food look at all that Halloweeny
we're going to be eating some good food
and watching what film we watching guys
oh oh this looks old
this looks like a computer game like a
really weird 3d image how you doing pop
at you a we saw yesterday did a vlog
yesterday I didn't did I know that's
always booked then no well you're right
I literally filmed anything so we're
currently what gen Hal Awards this
Halloween one yeah the original somebody
has just died we're like two minutes
into it
this little kid just stabbed his mum to
death lovely the worst acting I have
ever seen she was good oh oh
hi-yah the knife when he got it out in
the drawer I don't think that's going to
be this is just so old about the knife
when he put out the door was like this
egg and then when he when he got caught
stabbing her the knife was like blooming
massive so I think we're going to watch
another film already and it's literally
alone for like three or four minutes
what we gonna watch
we gene
never seen it realizing we g-guys she's
playing with a Ouija board this is so
scary
okay uh it's just
oh don't burn it who thinks on Halloween
we should do a Ouija board oh no they
like oil
let's go Ouija board and poppy and joins
me for that I literally never ever do
that why I will pay you $100
I'll give you your onions oh I could
kiss yours funny old I do when it yours
and film a video of me doing here yours
yeah let's go and do it do you would you
guys like to see us through the Ouija
board challenge oh I would honestly blew
my pants well you know me and my friend
won't set out right a Ouija board made
my friend Alex who's your my launch oh
yes she's there last night we won't set
out pieces of paper like of the alphabet
and the numbers and we had a wineglass
and we both had our hands out of the way
Bassam her mom walked in and she was
like what's she doing and like Miss
dealer who was like no don't do that in
our house do you guys believe in that
kind of stuff do you believe in that
kind of stuff I don't really know I
don't want to find out just don't want
to risk it I personally do not believe
in that kind of stuff but I don't want
to be risk in it even though I really
strongly don't believe it I just you
guys believe in it why do you believe in
ghosts and stuff
mmm no it's your does this is what I
think right yeah
we're not even watching this film yeah
even if there's no ghosts yeah but
something weird happens either because
of our mind we all because it's
something weird everyone would just
spring out forever and you wouldn't want
to live in your house you know I mean I
don't want to we don't work thing like
there's no positive that come out
Norwegian mind is too powerful
I felt like bears I don't know just a
bit scary bit sketchy but there's no
positive nothing can happen you're both
right yes I'm so glad I did that in my
own
the only thing that can happen is even
nothing which isn't good it's just the
same as before or something that Ziva is
supernatural when you've made up in your
head and then you don't want to live in
your house anymore anyways when Karen
walked in this carry on eating hey guys
you know when probably admit to come to
the gym the other day of May she did and
then she backed out last minute can you
tell everybody in my block white backed
out I wasn't very well you managed to
come to those but Lord's Day evening
yeah obviously so I like slept in bed
for a bit so instead he come to the gym
you slept in bed occasionally he chose
to sleep in bed and go bad for that I
might in my badge now I'm gonna add my
video bed tonight I would hate my video
Michael I have like 25 minute battles
that was so far or as soon as I stopped
wrong in bed so he's just always like
trying to sleep
yeah obviously your lights on turn the
light oh you know it's right now she's
definitely not comfy she's lucky
Bobby showing off in a second they're
just waiting for a taxi to come did you
enjoy the film
yeah me excited that the devil girls
waiting at yours with her sewed up lips
she's waiting in your flat you know
she's in your attic these guys in their
Hall a little square like dropping out
it no no no you don't check for the
Ouija board on there why they stupid
have you not seen the book top that or
the dogs that will go with the sewn up
mouth you know say chorus or longs it
take no no that was that the button you
should check pop on this race yeah
seriously
seriously no actually something I reckon
that could easily be a couple of we G
boards out there there won't be anything
else why not
they could just be in check when you get
I'm not putting my head up there
Oh
Blumenau Lily out with that smoke so
annoying guys my camera stopped
recording I was just about to this
camera was so bad I was literally just
filming Nala was standing down there and
so he was hiding in there and I could
tell she was hiding in there trying to
scare me
purely boogers Nala was just standing
there waiting for her and she was
wearing this mask let put it on show
them how scary is look at that look at
it but go stand in the dark bear it's so
bloomin yeah stand there come and look
how scary that is that's a horrible
right you failed you didn't manage to
get me right we've got so much stuff to
tidy up
no don't she's gonna be so scared it's
not mummy anyways anyways we've got yes
she's so scared though
and we've got so much stuff to tidy up
tonight but I think we're gonna need a
hold until tomorrow morning which I've
got the busiest day tomorrow because I'm
off to a party in London tomorrow night
and I've also got to get a Halloween
costume for that party and I've got my
makeup being done by makeup artist in
London which I need to book a hotel for
but yeah I've just got so much stuff and
a lot of new much stuff to plan and sort
out as well
anyways let's put knowledge to bed yo
hey ho it's up to bed alternative access
we go did a little little you do do do
do hi ho hi ho hi ho hi ho hey
you
