good morning guys it is like quarter to
eight in the morning
I am off to the gym I've been on the
phone to poppy this morning who isn't
feeling too great so she isn't going to
come to the gym today she is going to
come to the gym with me on Friday
instead of today so it's just me solo
today instead of me and poppy together
and yeah today's the day of zoella
zoella get online on tour book launch
today it comes out today that is in
Seine
so that's but that's the launch tonight
in London the party I've ever get eating
and get ready for the gym so far I've
just got the charles's on and that is it
and I've also got a poppy licking my
foot so no no and I just on a little
walk finished up my gym session went
really really well today and probably
and I told you the probably can come
because she's not feeling too well
come on Missy stop sniffing everything
you walk past come on look how loose to
the leaders guys you know normally she
pulls so much look at this look at this
this is made just look normal to you but
to me this is a big accomplishment
healthy salad bowl for lunch chicken
salad with extra chicken finished up a
healthy lunch and we are now packing
everything to go to London we are off to
London for the and I keep on saying
zoilo on tour it's not so L on tour get
online on tour book launch is tonight
and I haven't even read one page yet
haven't read one page I got it last week
and I haven't even read one page yet I
need to do that we're taking our with us
because basically what we're going to do
is we're going to go to top because
obviously having a dog is such a mission
because we can't leave her for more than
four hours so what we're doing is we're
going to drive to Tania Jim's house we
live in London we're then going to play
with Nala and Martha get used to each
other and that then we're going to go
out to the party under the launch party
and everything and then go back later
and leave the dogs at obviously their
house and then later on tonight we'll go
ditalion gyms and stay there tonight
it's going to be cool blog they're gonna
be hanging out turning gym and then
tomorrow morning we're going to leave so
we can set to our new gym tonight you
excited what exactly launch okay picks
up your launch yeah coming in got my
laptop need to edit my data blog in the
car let's do it
babbit thank you
all right we've just arrived at girl
online on tour we're going inside now
with China and Zoey no more cameras
running our battery one for my camera
runs out thought I'd show you mrs. Tanya
bear wait is it virgin birth chatter
feels hard very efficiently no official
are you Darren yeah very now can come
whichever o'clock now our journey we
will compete
so we're just talking about watching
each other's videos Tania is the biggest
zoella fan in the world I'm a fan girl
you're on happened like when she says to
me I hope this is cheering for days I
ditch I'll be like yeah
and I'm back from the gallon online on
tour launch I barely filmed anything
because I was chatting to a ton of
people and the lighting wasn't so great
inside so if you want to go watch a good
vlog of the evening go check out the
screen journeys video because I know
what Jonathan's like and probably from
the ton of stuff and is really really
good so go check out their video Tyler's
just made me a lovely cup of tea
good keep the mug is you making Zoey
loves our squash in the shape that's
what you drink this over here you have
to finish it then tongs got this mug
here which I tried to go for base our
favorite one so I'm not allowed to eat
your mug now you know the mockumentary
copies I'll search Twitter thank you
heartbeats Elsa that's for my mug and
there is so many cookies and chocolates
and stuff here and I'm just trying to be
healthy it's hard now these two if I
fight club in here and literally fight
it you guys have been asking for me to
have a video of these two meeting for so
long where's the light was over here I
never there we go
and they're finally together and they
hate each other and they just play fight
in what's happening dougies what's
happening
hello hello you can just hear you're not
Oh who's got the toy not so nice you get
your sweet girl Master gone mom go get
it
fight
we are we comparing are we comparing our
dogs bumhole sizes
jump master come here mother come
mother come my name is Phyllis hello oh
you mean damage ah they go mother don't
know know that you stole mark the street
that's so naughty
this is not yours nope Donna there you
go
Martha there you go they've separated
now they've got toys and choose each you
enjoying that missing not as happy let
Martha have what she's got
so he meets her oh how was your party it
was good I felt really anxious though we
just kept on having it breaks outside be
managed to stay the whole time
nice and now you got your pizza we got
our tea Jim's got his diet Mills
well not diet his you know anti diet to
eat as much as possible okay
mercy protein and carbs today that is
one of my macros which basically every
day how much protein carbs and fat is
supposed to eat I'm on like 3,000 and
1100 calories a day
whoa falling again they smell better
leave it hey Richie this is one Finland
so in that zone i aren't used to because
Martha's obviously got a long nose
Martha nothing out of like yeah normal
size Martin get things out of bags and
pockets like she can go inside Zoe's
makeup bag and get like a makeup brush
out where is it knowledge that she just
comes out yeah she's like a flat face
she can't do anything where'd you go
Missy
cuz I'm gonna end the vlog down here Oh
barking I'm gonna end it down here
because I've got Tanya's battery in this
coma and I do not want to leave tomorrow
with her battery so thank you so much
watching hope you enjoyed it if you did
give it a big ol thumbs up if you want
to see more videos of the two doggies
together let me know in the comments
below my neck I've just been asleep on
the sofa
I'll catch you tomorrow cool
