good morning everybody and welcome back
to a video that is an increase I'm back
home with this little one and this
little one and I've literally got to
leave for the gym now
I literally this minute I'm trying to
think of what I can eat first because of
course you have to eat before going to
the gym but I've yet eat today
I've eaten yet exam intense yeah yeah
what I'm eating yet oh but that's
porridge yeah because I don't like
porridge really but I'm trying to make
myself like it what there we go why
don't you have that for breakfast this
morning yeah nuki down and have that I'm
gonna have a protein shake and which one
can I have that for a chocolate protein
shake and then our also trying to
haven't got bananas yeah we have a
little bit battered and bruised but that
doesn't matter does it
yeah now
get out thing good what for that
and my obvious I am back from the gym
now guys the gym session was super super
hard today as you saw my face was like I
was doing that oh my gosh my shoulders
nearly died I had a ton of new furniture
just arrived all of this here I'm gonna
have to blur it all just because I know
what you'd see my address on the boxes
but that is how much furniture I've just
got so the vast majority of today is
literally gonna be unboxing and
packaging no not packaging unpackaging
and putting together order this
furniture though I don't think I'll take
very long because last time I had to
deliver it from swoon which was my sofa
and the tables in that it basically just
arrives done which is really really good
and I've also got that electric
screwdriver now I'm on FaceTime and papi
say hello clock yes I'm gonna get over
this basically after this the only thing
that I need is my desks and office
chairs I desk chairs and then I think
I'm done what oh yeah sorry I said to
prop you wait I'll show you she wants to
see what's in the boxes I said wait
until I finish blogging and now I just
realized how long I've left out okay I'm
gonna start on boxing guys it is finally
done I'm like sweating out more than I
threatened earlier in the gym I need to
get home and have a shower so bad all of
this here is the rubbish that
unpackaging I'm gonna have to blur it
again because I don't want you guys to
see the address but that is where the
box is and then over here of all the
things that I've just made I finished up
with everything to my office now I'll
show you guys the minute lunch now papi
and I got one of these this is like my
favorite things I'm surprised oh he
hasn't bought one of these yet no copied
them take all the veggie stuff that's
fine
yeah these are the best their capacitor
has survived
it looks amazing work for carbonara papi
is obviously one up to me trump me with
the salad Aaron's gone to the toilet he
went for a squid no he did squiding I
was that the special oh my gosh one that
special so that but it's got to March a
minute
instead I had to go tomatoes in like
absolutely everything tried to go
unhealthy I mean I didn't have to have a
salad but I did I'm back in my office
guys and it is time to show you
everything that has arrived today and I
spent so long putting together like I
was so sweaty earlier like that's a
little really gross anyway so let me
show you what what what am i over a
little bit I'm so excited what arrived
today ok so first of all we've got this
little side table there's like an S
shape it's cool just for like put little
bits on the side we've got like a little
footstool slash extra little chair in
case somebody wants to sit on there and
it's pretty cool actually that opens up
and I've put my charges in there and
stuff I like that and then over here we
have got a unit that my TV is going to
go on and you can slide this is actually
the same as poppy insurance I don't if
you saw that puppy and Shawn have it and
I loved it so my TV is gonna go there
from my office at home this little thing
that you can let sit on and pull up next
to the table not really much just just
one of these little things that you like
just sit on you know I think you might
want to be a footstool I don't know just
one of those little things you sit on
over here we've got it I don't think
it's going to stay there I think I might
put it in the kitchen in there but it's
just like a tiny little chest of drawers
not even not a chest of drawers it's
just like a tiny little unit like a
little drawer thing here isn't obviously
gonna stay here either just like a
little thing to sit on which is nice and
there anything else oh yeah over here
over here it's just like a little
wheeler unit oh wait I think I I think I
may have already showed you everything
before I went out for lunch I feel I've
showed you everything but I just didn't
show you where it was
so that is holding my table tennis
equipment at the moment it's going there
it's finally filling up all I need left
which i think is arriving on Monday ish
Monday or Tuesday is my desks that are
gonna go from there to there and then
once I've got my desks I can bring over
my iMac and somebody else site if they
want to come and work here any UTB
people want to come and make videos here
feel free to you can come home you can
come and work in my my little office
space let me know and you can come over
right I need to get uploading and do all
this over I'm gonna put my laptop on
that for now because I've got my desk
yeah there we go there's my little
editing suite let me put you guys down
here oh well that's not very good
literally can't see you so I'm just
about to upload a new gaming video which
would have went live for you last night
if you haven't seen it go check it out
I'll put a link down below I'm super
excited I stay up until like 2:00 a.m.
last night editing this video and I
think it is the best one of the series
so far so I just want to put it live so
that's going to go up and about six
o'clock tonight and I've already done
today's daily vlog very productive went
to bed last night at 2:00 a.m. my candle
over there smells delicious or there's
some of you guys were laughing at me so
I'm so rushed today some of you guys
were laughing at me in the comments or
calling a candle delicious
is that weird is that a weird thing to
call a candle delicious because that's
kind of like a taste like it tastes
delicious but it can smell delicious I
think that works I think something can
smell delicious
I forgot the scope of this I'm about to
upload a new gaming video right it is
time to go into town buy some stuff for
a new video that is going to go up this
weekend on my main youtube channel it's
a little bit different to the normal
kind of videos that I filmed there like
and q and A's and collapsed with other
youtubers it's I'll give you a clue it's
to do with Halloween that is all I'm
gonna say it's time to leave here I've
just finished doing all of my daily vlog
and doing my book o and doing my gaming
video for tonight and everything like
that do I need a jumper no Brighton is
the best place to live in the world
everyone is just so friendly so I'm just
over at mums helping her fix her laptop
because she got a new laptop a couple of
months ago that hasn't managed to sort
out yet because you've got to move all
the files from the old one to the new
one look at this little sneaky one even
a nice walk have you five dogs usually
be I just got Oh Zoe is watching
chitty-chitty bang-bang oh sorry not on
any trodden yeah I nearly Trevanian alia
is going crazy
because she loves me so much don't you
you love me Wow Oh
bloomin heck I was just with Bowser mom
and dad's buzz did the edgiest bar in
the world on me I was helping mum fix
her laptop
I have fighted you I invite you for
lunch earlier earlier I baked do you
know where she's going crazy
she can smell buzz Zoe rung me up
alliums Alfie don't eat for lunch I was
like I'm going to Boyd he having loved
your bout to order my food with poppy
and Aaron which is probably in Sean's
friend she's old things being buyer so
you can come now if you want we haven't
ordered yet but I'm sorry it was a
last-minute decision she looks so sad
he's sad do me to cheer you up
did we show you something why not let's
pause this I bought us a couple of
presents
I didn't buy Galleria comes up tomorrow
comes out the day you are watching this
I know my twitter is for people being
like look what I go and Tager me I'm
like this is another habit yeah did we
show you one more track on this or shall
I from your face I'll film your face
that's for me that's for me right do you
like that yeah look at this look at this
guy's there we go and then wait wait for
it let me show you what else I bought
oh yeah I want any soap Cullen where's
Rob I just wanted to buy a couple and
then I bought you on Israel that's
actually for you in one direction no I
just bought three calendars cuz I
thought we we never have any new
calendars so I just put these three if
we haven't got their new one we need to
order their new look at this she's hot
isn't she I've just finished up dinner
guys with a friend called zai who is
mighty she looks like the most vibrant
t-shirt in the world it looks like what
the hell am I wearing that bothers you
in real life the Digi looks better than
what it does anyways I've just finished
up dinner with my friend chords I he is
going to Australia in two weeks for
minimum of a year maybe two years and we
have it probably like probably probably
properly caught up together and I had a
good long catch-up in is this so I wrote
I think it is in probably like three
years
like always bump into him in the gym or
he works in town to wash some shopping
or or a bar etc but we haven't probably
chatted about what we've both been up to
and stuff like that so we just went for
dinner now didn't really want to film it
because I was just like catching up with
a friend but now I'm just heading home
he is just jumped in his girlfriend's
car it's gone back to his house
and yeah I just need to go get an attack
single homes always just text me
something she's watching the saddest
film in the world and when am i coming
home
so I'm rushing to get back as quick as
possible but I've actually seen the film
that she's watching forgotten what it's
called let me quickly tell you what
she's watching just in case you're
wondering it is called the impossible
and it's about it's about the tsunami in
Thailand poppy showed it to me when it
first came out and he was so sad so I do
understand what she's talking about
also do realize that I'm rambling on
probably talking that stuff you don't
even care about but yeah I'm just
letting him know just laying on the bed
just on my teeth wash my face and I'm
about to go downstairs now and get my
next set of braces which I'm super
excited do you guys ever notice I use
one hand whilst blogging node so I was
like this and I don't know long as I
even said yeah I'm bout to go down says
got my next air bases which I'm really
really excited but it means that they're
gonna be super tight tonight and
tomorrow and then I'm going to the gym
tomorrow morning with Poppy probably
over half seven more than to the gym at
8 o'clock
together tomorrow and then tomorrow
what's happening to my Zoe Zoe book
launch tomorrow where's your book it's
down here
I am ready yeah I'm gonna start reaching
I start reading tonight no you got the
earth early I got to have plenty I'll
start tomorrow which is this so this the
day that you're watching this this book
comes out is it good
how good is that n go for a 10 out of 10
okay let's go get a copy if you have an
OID that's not Twitter if you got a copy
load of people have got it early loads
we look at it today somehow I like
seeing people holding holding up yeah
we've been saying loads of tweets today
I will catch you tomorrow I'm gonna end
the vlog now cuz I'm keeping it
downstairs but knowledge bed or as I say
put it to bed she stands up she's like
what's happening are we doing I'm not
gonna bet this is how sleepy Nalu is at
the moment now that I say let my vlog no
no see though oh right I
and the blog of not even in focus all
right I am going to end the vlog good
did I say give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it if you enjoyed if you liked
my calendar choices give video a thumbs
up good night
