good morning guys we're up and out and
ready for breakfast I have no idea where
we're going or what we're going to end
up eating last night in it was that
pretty strange
look at breakfast okay I'm happy it's
just nice and easy all right there's a
little over there as well even Pizza the
gym is beautiful scratch it's designed
for a six year old reading the
instructions no instructions
how's it go man yeah made a computer
brain I reckon I mean I'll find out when
I turn it on do you know anything you're
doing what is this podium where's this
going this is spare this is leftover
what's happening there's gonna be come
on quick Jim wait look at this how good
was that Jim is it hard hold on made a
bloomin computer from the frame
lunchtime in the canteen do you feel
like you're in school million people in
here we've had to go like that
like guys we are now talk put my I've
shown you my very official what does it
say YouTube star yeah well to the talk
now a discussion hopefully there's been
people without actually come and listen
to us otherwise we've come all the way
here for no reason
back in my glorious hotel room now we
are about to film a triple video we're
just gonna go up probably the day after
you're watching this we're gonna film
for my youtube channel Kimmel we film
with yours in when she lets go now
Sunday same days mine on Sunday Marx's
is probably gonna go up next Saturday or
on Saturday today your little swamp on
Friday Friday if you just said early
well you just said it I've got anybody
going up tomorrow as I'm flying
see that's why I threw me off I knew
this Friday's but he threw Melbourne yet
we just finished filming all three of
those videos the floor from my one is so
wet we had to put towels on every I'm
not going to tell you what we were doing
but it's going up on Sunday so be
excited for our Marxist was incredibly
painful for these two not for me
Jim's just showed how bad I am
everything in life literally I came off
so bad in your one so it's so good so I
hope you're excited for those what we
can do now advice can we go get some
food the food's here
I don't know if I've shown you much of
the food but it's like super super basic
and just not to know it's not right it's
not great it's I guess it's not the
actual food the food looks good yeah
like these guys wore be worked so much
choice we have done yesterday
moussaka hasn't really nice you're right
normally was it was very very bland and
basically I'm just incredibly hungry
still so I'm gonna go get some food
should probably lock my back door hey
don't bite let's miss my wife who just
loves cuddling me I'm like a bear
yeah my engine unit something in it
don't wife the ribs it's not worth the
risk
wait where we going going then test it
on him oh we have arrived at to the mark
aired my market I've gone for some
crisps bananas and I've got some cereal
and a little Bowl in a spoon with this
stuff biscuits yes I'm not butter
biscuits
what be gone for kinder eggs yeah good
shout drive-through breeze so we've been
given these hopper massive party bubble
things where talent show apparentiy not
meant to use them to later now
as soon as I press that button is going
it's going to decide
popcorn I don't even like popcorn I like
my chin
Jim is having a wee at the moment what's
a chin I know I said Jim Dever no wait
boomer Dom jeans and popcorn July pop
got bones for now why is it yellow
I literally destroyed shut up wrong size
wrong color
oh this mere boy is gone now that was
good the corner I was very good recorded
yeah yeah magic track horror always
disappearing
watch very carefully three
extracted
bye guys we're in the hotel lobby marker
pressuring us I'm not interested Marcus
is making us go to a club in Athens
apparently we're getting into sexy and
we're going and we're going to attack
time they just told us it's good so
we're going down here this is just a bar
don't even want a cloth is a different
place to go I have no idea where we are
we're in the middle of Athens at the
moment oh my gosh
we are leaving the bar now we're heading
home
I think we've still got the same tax
drop away now sorry for us is that yeah
he's around the corner right here good
morning guys is the last day in Greece
today we fly back later on tonight I
think I land in the UK at like 9:30 p.m.
tonight which is great I can't wait to
see Zoe and Nala and Zoe is born
allah-allah a load of Halloween costumes
and then if you've seen on Twitter or
her Instagram but like a scorpion and
well it was like a banana with like
puddings on the I don't even know I just
literally describes I'm so so excited to
see her parent if she loves them
but anyways yes today I'm still in
Greece with the boys last night we went
out and ended up being quite a weird
strange night we drunk quite a lot so
we're all quite tired today but it was
good it was really really good
and today we've got a busy day we're
also doing a live show for stand up for
cancer which is really exciting and that
is about all I can tell you right now my
camera is already flashing sin is
running out battery that's not good are
you bailing giambo that's great no no oh
yeah I kind of decided that it'd be more
beneficial for me to charge my camera
and it would for me to take it out and
then end up having a run-out charge and
not we know to film the day so it's
actually just finished lunch now hello
what you talking about let's talk about
right remember evidence an english
outfit you have to talk about nine to
thirty seconds good know this banana
hair is making me to sell it or do you
watch just told ya talk about southern
nice Britta's talked about it going on
here was my cameras were demanding out
charge just go Hajin all day this banana
is from greece you can use as a smile
and you could get it you would have
bananas do you need to delete that would
they talk about it let's also do someone
doesn't know of an onerous you never
said that hi everybody
this is a banana it is a fruit that is
delicious
okay looks at higher high in potassium
indeed case you're wondering anything I
shouldn't question me about there may be
someone watching you doesn't sometimes
there are these little bits that it gets
tough in the side that's horrible that's
on your laptop eat that yeah zone you
talk about there's no nails god no no no
nose or part the human body they are
attached to the ends of your feet and
systems of your toes hence why I'm down
as they grow naturally and people often
like to trim them because if you have
too long toenails they're at the end of
your shoes and that will cause a lot
people come up and trim toenails and
scissors
some people use nails like this and
sometimes your toenails may smell if you
do that
thirty Seconds on hair hey wait why do
we do we're doing why don't you talk
about normal stuff hair is found in many
forms on many creatures focus on human
hair it can grow pretty much all over
the money for happy days they grow on
literally
it can be curly it could be straight
it's basically like a layer of
information on your body he acquired on
the are around the pubic area alpha has
a lot in the rafters I've got yours
I had three bananas here yeah you ate
one that's good about the back of one
says yeah now apologize 30 seconds on
apologize it's done apologizing is it's
not just a phrase it's a term is the
word in every language that when you've
done something wrong you often have to
apologize because why I've done
something bad and you need to
acknowledge leave nothing bad and also
many other person feel better because
you're maybe eg claiming the somebody's
stolen and eating your banana yeah when
they did it when you when you do still
someone's been honoring future make sure
you apologize if you get it wrong there
we go all right we've got to go off now
to the live show we're doing a live
scene for a nap answer water no cuz I'm
gonna get really you like we have
finished up the live show and everything
I did get film it because everything
happened so quickly like so so quick it
was literally one minute we were like
okay so when we go lot and then we
literally life and it was sick it was
really really good you guys are raising
so much money for charity so old nearly
fell over thank you so much for being
amazing as always
I have something like 15 minutes or 14
minutes to tidy up this entire room into
this one little suitcase that I have
here and leave for my flight home
lunches arrived I've got some cheesy
chicken this kind of lunch white a tiny
lunch okay dinner is 6:00 p.m. there we
go guys in the airport so he's over
there unlucky Zuri you got three left I
got one get a camera my face I'll ruin
it
I love it from
you
