good morning guys today is the day that
I go off to Greece ah my toe why why do
that bloom in bed get out my way
just stop my toes so hard and yeah I'm
so so excited to go to Greece today I'm
going with Marcus and Jim and Dom and
we're just going to have a sick time I
think we go now they're basically for a
talk we're all doing like a panel like a
talk out there at some like advertising
conference or so I don't really know
what it is and I've been told but I've
forgotten which is great so we're all
heading out there I think it's like I
think the work we have to do is about
two or three hours long and we're going
out there from today until like I think
we get back on my Sunday or something
like that I'm not really too sure I I
kind of haven't really looked at my
flights too much my details I've just
been told that a drivers going to pick
me up at 12:30 to take me to the airport
and I will be back in a few days and
that is about as much as I know
so I'm attempting to pack at the moment
my stuff is everywhere this is
everything I need for a couple of days -
camera equipment that doesn't even
include my camera equipment I swear I
just can't pack a light anymore I used
to be able to go away for like a week
and just take like a few items now I
need so much stuff to go away it is
ridiculous
so I've somehow got to cram it all into
that little bag there why do I say
little little bag not little Alphaeus
stop saying little bag little this
little at its little Zoe is that the
vets with knowledge just having like a
checkup thing completely normal nothing
wrong at all and I've kind of AA my
freaking toe a children√≠s bloomin oh
wow that's the second time I put in this
video I just went into town and got a
new razor guys it does like it trimmed
your beard but then if it's going to
focus up until like naught point two
millimeters what
hell so I just wanted to blog it because
if I trim my beard now and then it looks
bad or incredibly sure or something goes
wrong because it's a new razor I wanted
you to see it's not me it's this new one
right no no daddy's going now that is
going away for a couple of days so
you're going to be a good girl yes you
sleepy you're going to be a good girl
yeah oh thanks for putting your bum in
my face bye bye missus
thank you bye
look who is this Marcus look at him look
at it is we're in Nando's month
everybody is here off to uplight we go
I also bought Zoe a camera that she's
wanted for so long now Simon hasn't been
struck anywhere and he was in stock here
so I took all that now good carry around
with me for those few days
there's our plane there she is from by
53 hello hello mate hello for about two
hours into the mine now I've spent the
entire time I think I'm working on that
Moxie giclee olives chips
game which is the sames candy crush
we'll be working again
sunako-chan
I've got a lot of food
I'm very very hungry
Thanks
we have just arrived we've just arrived
we've just arrived in Athens Tommy
Mottola
we have a minute before nope I have
neither have you never been here before
never been in for let's go to the toilet
let's all have a communal wheat areas
hello there we go all right let's just
go oh oh I didn't want that just me
cigarette oh and we've arrived this is
my little room the walls are like bumpy
and like textured it's not very light in
here I don't know how to do the lights
and this is my bed my bag my curtains my
little garden my table outside that's it
it's like the most basic simple little
room I like it oh my toilet is that out
of use what does that mean I've
disinfected that's good hey Mark are you
doing are you um seems bigger than mine
well it can't be as bad ever this
definitely doesn't feel like a brick oh
my gosh or your phone is high-tech is
that the new iPhone oh no it's not not
released yet nice TV stand
nice I have no idea what's coming online
Jim's up Jimbo
hey come on Jim these girls are killing
out
everybody's come back to my room after
Jim's turn just dance
did you enjoy it did you have fun Jim
did one song strangers that's what hold
each other yeah it's quarter to 2:00 in
the morning but in UK time it's called
it 212 quarter quarter OSB so weirdly I
don't know why don't
was here with us yeah yeah here with us
and that he's gone back to his room Mork
is still here Jimbo's over there
somewhere
we've just been watching weird videos on
the internet like man wearing horse mask
Thompson was cooking mushrooms like
really really weird stuff Wow things
that was the Tama stuff of all the weird
stuff we watched Oh David I won't watch
any of this we must eatin really weird
food why did we had such we have
moussaka we had had like the top layer
was not normal no and then I have chips
that were normal they would then in
taste of normal chips and then
afterwards somebody's I decided to have
a vodka and orange juice
did you and then I had a chocolate
mousse and I'm not allowed takla because
my chest so he was 90 meters I'm on
tumblr I know I said to Jim eight tons
of how this isn't chocolate so yes it
hits our size almond butter over by the
other a portions of popcorn all right
guys I found a load of extra pillows in
a cupboard over there
oh this is the least confi bed in the
world would literally this is this is my
duvet
I'm so tired that I don't even care I'm
going to end my vlog now guys thank you
so much for watching today I'm super
super excited about tomorrow me Dom
Marcus and Jim have it don't even know
why I told you everybody's names you
know who's here we've got to talk
tomorrow for an hour and everybody who's
in charge of this femicide don't pass it
just go with the flow on the day see
what happens so we haven't really burst
anything we know roughly what we're
going to talk about and DOM
going to need it but it's going to be
caught I'm super super excited for it
I've got a ton of Instagram photos going
to be going up over the next couple of
weeks they'd like taken by a
photographer I did a shoot with
photographer for some up-and-coming
merch I can't tell you what it's for I'm
so excited all I can tell you is that it
comes out on the 1st of November so be
ready for new merchandise from the first
event and I promise you this one this
match is so so exciting like I am so
excited for this new match anyways ok
Cheatham I thank you so much watching
cool just say give it a thumbs up give
it a thumbs up if you enjoyed the video
you can do that if you want to net
