good morning guys I have just am I gonna
take off my jacket we're holding a
camera at the same time I've just
arrived at my office I don't think I
have showed you yet the new furniture
that arrived yesterday so this is one of
them it's called little like wooden nice
little drawers nice black metal there
that matches with the black metal on the
ceiling OOP somebody's ringing my mobile
papi always papi so that is one bit of
furniture that matches all of the
pipework on the ceiling which is really
really cool it obviously matches with
the black on the bottom of the table and
everything it's all matching so far over
here we've got another match in I just
bought like a really deep big rustic
bench I just thought it was so sick
you're reminding me of like a really
cool school bench and it just don't know
it just picks him well I push it against
the ball a bit more there we go I just
think that looks nice get some little
pillows maybe a little throw on it
people can see on it and then and then
my favorite thing of all that I
purchased so far is a shelving unit it
is I think it's been done a little bit
wonky at the moment it's not a hundred
percent yeah I think the guys are going
to come and help me fix it well that was
so awkward
basically these two guys just walked in
I thought it's my dad for a second so I
was like and then there's two people
I've never seen before just walked in
through my office doors and came right
over my by my table my lunch and I was
like hi and they were like hi oh we
didn't know anyone was moved in here
yeah yeah as I was blogging whilst they
walked in turns out they worked for like
the company that owned the building or
run the building and they were just saw
now turning the radiators on for me
because they're currently not on but as
of today all the radiators turn off
would bloom in air that's going to be
expensive I'm gonna have to send them
off look how many radiators I've got in
there
got fifty two radiators one two three
four five six ready to go you like him
sing just in that room bloom Annette
anyways my favorite piece of furniture
like I was saying is this shelving unit
I love it because number one it matches
obviously everything else in the office
but also the shelves are just so like
look how deep they are they're just
massive and so solid like I could put
that all my camera's on there I think
once I fill this because obviously the
moment I've got all this rubbish down
here and I need to bring all my stuff
for my car an office a home to this
office here once I feel this that is
just gonna look sick I was gonna have a
desk there but then my desks are gonna
go all the way along there and stop here
it is time for me to have my lunch I
also need to edit you gave me video that
Zoey and I filmed yesterday so for lunch
I've got like a little healthy raw Bowl
thing I don't know it just looks proper
Instagram got a nice chicken and onion
salad sandwich and then I've got one
drink which is almond and protein to
tell you guys how did I forget this
morning that's why I've been that's why
I vlog get started so late this morning
I went to the gym of Ed my trainer and I
brought papi along
because papi wants to start working out
personal trainer and also ed is amazing
he is the man you need to use him I was
like coming on one of my sessions I'll
change it up a bit so instead of me just
doing like intense like weights and like
lifting and everything like that we'll
have more like a across fair like
circuit workout like really
high-intensity which I am Robert shot
and I found that today it was blooming
hard work it was so good though so
probably came along and we did it
together and it was so six if you're
wondering was one starting the blog late
the time is currently 12 o'clock that's
because I've been in the gym puffy for
like two and a half hours or two hours
or something ridiculous and I need to
eat my lunch because my sandwich was
toasted and has now been about 15
minutes since it was toasted and I still
have an E&M it's not in
toasted I still haven't eaten lunch yet
but what I have done is tidied up all of
this mess and put it onto the shelves so
I've got like a little camera section up
here and then some lights screwdrivers
and bolts and stuff more camera stuff
batteries memory card readers a little
cinema thing
Louise bought me this still haven't
tried it don't worry Louise I'm gonna
try out I'm really really excited
headphones all of that stuff
Sidney little gadgets shoes segways it's
looking good
it's looking good and then I've just had
an email as well from the people that
are making my desk to say that they're
going to be finished being made middle
of next week and then so in a week's
time from today and then they're going
to be sent very early the following week
so I'm guessing that Monday or Tuesday
not the week coming but the one after my
desks will be in and by then I will
already have all the other order that I
ordered online I'm so excited and I
haven't read it clear in the last few
blocks this office is so exciting
I have literally filmed like nothing
today look who is here
she just won't leave me alone literally
get out of my life she's just fallen
she's like my shadow no business though
probably and I have literally just been
doing work here all day I've just
finished two videos tonight so I hope
you enjoyed those and one of them has
gone out for one of them will be going
up and later we are about to go home now
all my little speaker is on the floor
now I haven't told you guys tomorrow I'm
going to Greece and then in Greece
tomorrow I'm going with Jim and Marcus
so I won't see this place for a couple
of days however I think my dad is gonna
come here and work from here in that
time can you take this one heaven made
my American Apparel bag basically
because I'm I've got so much stuff here
all these clips from the photo shoot the
other day all my players are in my
office I need to take them all home
because I might mean why might want to
test some of them to Greece I might like
Soph I'm not still on oh yeah there
right let's go home zoey is awesome it
can be dinner I and I just spoke to on
the phone she said I'm making chicken
pie or something so I'm excited for that
super productive day goodbye mrs. office
goodbye hello oh I know you well I call
you enough to as you're being incredibly
calm what we haven't for dinner is over
he's making me dinner
pause it chicken pie with mashed potato
on the top yeah that is really my
favorite I'm not that I should take off
my hat been wearing it a lot recently
nice because when I put gel in it
sometimes a bit too much well now do ya
with asparagus and tender stems rock oh
yeah
dinner is served
it has been served on the table on a
plate that it's kind of a bowl and a
kind of a plate I've just been kindly
not on the sofa nearly falling asleep
because I've gone up early tonight early
tonight I can't even speak early this
morning
just putting you guys down there we've
got Melina that's my dinner looks delish
right let me know who's on the back is
that Manoj there's my girlfriend guys Oh
put the edge of the magazine in the mash
oh I've got this camera angle quite
nothing basically
Jonathan anyway Lee has just uploaded a
new video literally seven minutes ago
and we are yet to have seen it it is
called zoella is my girlfriend so we are
gonna watch it now
are you excited if I find out you've
been cheating on me I'm gonna beat him
up with his character right go check it
out if you haven't already I'm saying go
check it out I haven't even seen it
myself yet could be
maybe you don't want to check it out
right we're gonna eat dinner and
watching it we're watching the film big
which I absolutely love
I haven't seen it in boarded by year but
it is one of my favorite films if you
haven't seen it you need to go check it
out it's just called big and it's with
Tom Hanks as Tom Hanks isn't that some
of the worst celebrity names
I'm fully a harpist very but I just
thought I would update you guys more I'm
up to I can't even speak because my eyes
adjust like this like I can't even stay
awake I am so not yet we also did how
long Jack and 20 minutes ago yeah
did about 20 minutes of yoga as well
we'll put the filled one right you guys
I am all tucked up into bed just using
my phone there to like my face up so
that you can kind of see me I've just
realized I was fully aware that I have
barely vlogged anything today so then
I'm super sorry that today's video was
probably a little bit boring and not as
lively and doing as much fun stuff I
literally spend the entire day in the
office working around videos and I
uploaded two videos tonight so I hope
you enjoyed both of them if you haven't
seen them go check the mouth it's not
really much else that I can say I said
from that I'm sorry that it wasn't as
good as the usual video tomorrow will be
great
I can assure you because I'm off to
Greece with Marcus and Jim and DOM and
we're gonna have so much fun for the
next couple of days and yeah I'll catch
you then I catch you tomorrow give the
video a thumbs up if you excited for
Greece trip with the boys we're gonna
get some really good vlogs although
they're probably gonna make me go to the
gym and kill me in the gym but I'll
catch you then good
