good morning guys good morning how you
doing
it is the second-to-last day that we're
here I can finally blog inside now
because by the time this goes up we've
already left here's a little tour that
we filmed when we got here when it was
all like proper clean and tidy and on
this wasn't about the place I hope you
enjoy right I'm gonna give you a tour of
our Amsterdam hotel room this is crazy
so we've got a super long corridor and
this is like a private exit as well
entrance and exit so not only is our
hotel is locked at the moment you'll see
in a second this guy's own entrance out
and out to the streets if you follow me
through here you've got the master
bedroom very master she's got some
really cool book thing going on as well
let let me cut it close this get that
check this looks so I want to Instagram
of me sitting on that got a world map TV
giant bed little bits of storage in
there out here it's called these are
electric I don't know how you do them oh
damn
fancy
and then this biz yes like a little walk
work but it kind of looks like something
from Harry Potter then you've got the
living area
oh this thing which is really cool so
you it's a piece of art but it's got
loads and loads of tiny words on it and
you can read it like this well it makes
me feel like my eyes are like going
crazy yeah through here you got the
bathroom which is lovely big old shower
lovely mirror eh then three here you can
go back through to the hallway or an
Abba poo it's like a little fishing
thing isn't that one side of a boat got
big mirror this is just very grand in
here oh my gosh you're just like Emma
Watson and people can see us as well
because we our room looks out into the
one of the canals this is my favorite
thing so far this chair honestly I can't
describe I think it's because it's like
worn and old but it is like it's so cozy
said to Zoe this is the exact I want one
day in my office is like yeah bar cart
and they even put some gin in there for
me and some champagne for me and Zoe
this is the oldest typewriter in the
world oh it still worked though no way
we have to punch you back to the
beginning remember you have to push you
back beginning don't you like
just I'll give you a little hotel room
tour because we're about to stay here
for a few days and m2 all our bags and
put everything around the place look at
that little boat going past that's like
a taxi yeah anyways hope you enjoyed the
little tour back to the normal blog
something that I've wanted for a while
I've been tweeting about for years and
stuff is a tattoo and as soon as we
landed here
I was like this could be the perfect
place for me to get a tattoo and so it's
a really yeah you want me to get one
more than me yeah I contacted a tattoo
artist actually I got in touch of him
basically I put on Instagram I put the
text saying hey you want to get tattoo
does anyone know anybody who's really
great in Amsterdam
you guys showed me some incredible
tattoo artists and one of them got in
touch with me this guy he is like
awesome and he only who I touch with me
and I only found out about him because
of you guys from my Instagram story so
this is down to you you guys are
involved in this tattoo if I get it so
basically like I need to go of course
we're gonna be late let's go get him
let's chase him down can't litter these
beautiful streets I'm trying to think
what I need I'm a little bit all over
the place because I'm like you just made
me do look what you just made me do
that's why I'm using to the tattoo
artists after I've got a - no serious
note though guys I'm not 100% getting
this tattoo this is a great angle with
the books behind another basically we're
going to meet the tattoo artist now he's
gonna stencil on and draw what I want
onto my arm here and it's only tiny and
then if I like it I'll get it if I don't
like it there's no pressure to get it
tattooed on he's like really really
chill and I was like I don't know 400
percent won't mine he was like a free
man come in let me draw it on to you by
the way the reason I'm walking out so
I'm trying to find my coat here it is
let me draw it on to
if you like it would do it if you don't
like it there's no pressure
we just don't tattoo it on so that's
what we're doing this morning
don't you feel what it feels like when
Isis both get one obviously not the same
one
my mum would hate it but you're 20 set
you're nearly 28 no time I do you
actually want to get a tattoo at some
point in my life because I feel well
let's do it now they're just finite
because I don't know what I would want
also I think the place I would want it
is like side boob but let's do it no
that's meant to be the most painful bit
why did you get somewhere like this I
hidden by your knickers I mean that's
meant to be painful - we can ask him
no we're not going to are excited in the
vlog does always sing a little what you
made me do like a dragon tattoo down her
face I'm like I feel like this coat
really doesn't match my outfit it looks
great it doesn't know yes it does
there's nothing wrong with it
it's gonna keep you warm and that's the
most important thing there is wallet
freezing mobile mobile it's so cold
outside but all my hands have cracked
all right should we go oh I've got on my
phone yeah my mom and dad don't even
know I'm doing this neither does poppy
and Shaun you're saying your mum would
call you if you got a tattoo imagine my
mouth imagine my mom and I'm about to
made me do that I'm only it's only tiny
the task that I'm getting is super super
small guys it is freezing cold morning
guys
oh look at that tram going over the
bridge I mean I didn't expect them not
to go over the bridge because I was
going to get around yes right yeah it is
such a lovely morning
it's just cold as heck yeah there is
actually
I kind of like if you get this people
will say why do you have why why do you
why on your arm you can be like why not
that is cool isn't it yeah I like that
one
so Torme whether to go let's super
simple whoever to go proper hand
topography if I get something very
simple but it looks like a distorted
pyro myself yeah kind of for that kind
of wonderful ways if I get something
like this it knows it's a tattoo and
it's not me just yeah yeah I kind of
like my donut so nobody has a joint like
that
I've tattooed with my left hands once
because you don't want those lines to to
kind of start blending together after a
couple of years but we can basically
make it as big as you want
what weight round do you want to put it
yeah I kind of like that to the side
it's just annoying in the airbox it
buzzes every time oh yeah and so I'm
just gonna stick it on you can kind of
see how it moves
laughing say sorry this is like ever
there's a lot things and yes
enough that you would be facing forward
okay very clear yeah that's what I like
on that side of morality
we should see how long we can walk
around my parents don't know I'm getting
this serious ever see how long my
parents until they realize they're gonna
know pretty soon they'll see this I
guarantee you're gonna survive yeah
I can take this or 5000 5000 scuba much
B's yeah do we have that low screwdriver
set here somewhere
German you yourself yeah don't
worry about it this sound is a lot more
then you'll get through all like oh wait
that's it
they're young
No
anything so good I love how it's thicker
and thinner yeah you can kind of see
it's starting to sell relatively
speaking there's not a lot of damage to
your skin but you want it to kind of you
know you want to help it absolutely
Vladdy out I got a tattoo all right
we're just coming out for some breakfast
pluck a piece for everyone bought this
let's call
just anywhere thank you everything here
is literally I don't know if it's
because we're coming on purpose to these
places what everything is just like an
Instagram thank you of course I went for
a little unicorn
gorgeous did you want a carrot down to
your left we have to do that finished up
a delicious breakfast I fully decided
that I'm not in focus
come on that that I need a new coat and
not the coat from yesterday's vlog have
you saw that one I know but it's it's in
my bag because it's just a water park
we've got no aim for the rest of today
it is currently Valentine's I would like
to go to the Museum is that where
we're going that I do over going on
Valentine's the penis I think it's I
think it's a sex museum a sex museum or
Valentine's and we're gonna roll get and
there's a giant chair there that's a
kapinas this video is probably going to
get a dress during it this fight no we
can't log it's a wooden penis penis well
I need a jacket so bad that will keep me
so warm it's also made out of that 82
sheep which isn't the best show them
that jumper
zoe is currently buying seven plus year
olds gloves in the kids section because
these ones are just normal and look how
big they are they just don't keep we've
just come into the equivalent of super
drug or boots to try and get some
moisturizer my tattoo is that the one
yeah amazing my tattoos as well amazing
thank you
is actually for a baby literally in the
most beautiful part it also happens to
be right next to red light district it's
beautiful so cool like imagine having a
little house here or living like oh my
gosh so idyllic I can imagine that being
the windows of your bedroom just looking
out I also just bought some of that
little and tattoo cream kind of thing
which is actually for babies but it's
non-scented put on my hand in a minute
just have another walk around never
really got too many plans except for
maybe the penis museum it is the penis
museum because it's got giant wooden
penis okay
the Museum of sex or something we don't
know how to spend your Valentine's happy
Valentine's in the sex Museum this is so
weird
I can't film anything but if you can see
what I can see right now oh my gosh if
you could see what I'm seeing right now
it's been a few hours since the last
blog this is the goals this is the
absolute dream on Valentine's in bed oh
that's not the goal I just kicked it
over in bed with a glass of red wine
we've got a pizza each we got on deliver
oh and then we also ordered sides from
the hotel I'm so happy right now also
let me show you the tattoo update on how
it's healing its get in there looks a
bit less red doesn't that it's not
scabby or anything really happy about
because I like that when I move my arm
like this is still but you can still
read it to the pizza do the important
part usually Gatos
that's yours yeah these lists so good we
need to get the sides out as well
