good morning guys good morning
how you doing hope you're having a
lovely day whatever you do whatever
you're up to today is a very big day
today is a day that I've been waiting
for for so long now we just need to
start the day off with one thing
kill morning guys good morning I'm back
I'm feeling well I'm feeling good
let's get the lights on in here whoo
today's the big day today is is the day
it's kind of a scary day because it
means that Christmas is now really close
where's 2017 god I've been speaking
about working on some exclusive
Christmas merchandise for a while now
and it's finally like the time you are
watching this video it is all for sale
it's all available it's all super
exclusive and it is available right now
one of the three items you guys have
already seen because I kind of
accidentally forgot to blare some time
lapses of me signing the posters like I
only realized after the vlog had gone up
to that two days ago that I forgot to
blur them like this is what happens when
you don't have a professional editor
helping you out with your vlogs you just
leave stuff in like me so you will know
that there is signed Christmas PB
posters well I mean they're not
necessarily just Christmas but they're
super festive here I've got a stack of
them here they're foil printed golden
the PB logo but with a festive little
breathe instead of the circle I've got
one of them in a frame to take some
pictures for Instagram and for the
website and stuff and it just makes it
look so much nicer straight away so I
definitely advise if you do get one
whack it in a frame makes it look so
much nicer put it on the wall and I
managed to sign all of them in time as
well so if you literally order one they
are 100% signed obviously you have to be
quick because there's only a certain
number of them because I can only assign
a certain number but be quick if you
want one sign posters right item number
two which one do I go for first let's go
for this one to match with the foil I've
never ever seen this be done before and
I didn't even know if it could be done
but we've managed to get it done this is
a super super nice finish really soft
but the special thing about this phone
case if I can focus the camera on it
correctly it's got a foil printed PB at
the top so not only do we have file on
our posters
we've also got foil printed shiny phone
cases but we've got the gold foil on the
phone case and then lastly we've
revamped one of my most popular items
I've ever sold on PB Murch I've stuck it
on an original PB phone case is a match
in to match this here PB Christmas
festive pop socket so this exact design
here on a pop socket so you can have a
little festive Christmas e PB pop socket
that is what we've got I said have put
the pop socket on this phone case here
they're the three items that we've got
signed festive photo printed post that
foil printed Matt happy holidays
holidays my surname in a phone case and
also the festive pop socket which my pop
sockets have been sold out and PB merch
for so long now and it is really my most
requested item and I haven't got any
back in stock because I wanted to hold
out for these runs here so these are
going to go super quick they're
genuinely is not too many they're super
exclusive you know when you're working
on things for so long and then when it
finally comes out how good it feels
that's kind of how I'm feeling now but
it's going to feel a hundred times
better when on Christmas or leading up
to Christmas I'll see you guys receiving
them at your houses it's moments like
the other day at hello world when I like
I was having my meetups I was walking
around I honestly think one in three
people like I'm not even joking at hello
world was wearing PB merch like it was
insane the thing with these vlogs is
they're so intimate I felt so much of my
life that I instantly know that if we
were to meet up or hang out or see each
other or bump into each other in the
street whatever kind of interaction is I
know that we would get on really well if
you watch a lot of these videos because
you're into the same things as me like a
film all over my life so if I'm in turn
out to describe it but we basically have
such similar interests that I know we
get on I don't know what I'm saying I'm
just rambling anyways you're watching
this on Sunday so I hope you've had a
lovely weekend tomorrow is Monday make
sure like I got all over my or living my
jumper make sure you prepare yourself
for tomorrow morning so fresh new week
as a fresh new start work hard plan
week out spent some time this evening
planning down what you're going to do
this week literally this week there's no
excuses to make this week better than
any other week you've had in your life
take some time today even if it's 10
minutes to just sit down put the phone
away don't look at a screen get some pen
and paper or just in your head
and think about how you can make this
week extra productive extra extra fun
whatever you're looking forward to add
more into your life whether that's a bit
more work whether that's a bit more farm
whether that's a bit more time with your
boyfriend or girlfriend whether that's
going to your grandma your granddad try
and put some time into this week now
plan it early in advance so that you can
do that this week every time I go to get
in the car and I see the potential new
Jim and the fact that it's not a Jim
it's just echo a garage with a lovely
mirror wall and a raised ceiling with
really nice beams and a new shutter then
I remember about the company that stole
my kill equipment
stop thousands and thousands of pounds
off of me and there's nothing I can do
there's nothing I can do the company is
like fully shut down gone into
liquidation if you didn't see the vlog
if you have no idea what I'm talking
about this was meant to be a gym I
ordered every piece of equipment you can
possibly imagine having in a gym to fit
in there I got it all professionally
designed paid all the money and then the
company got shut down which means that I
don't get my equipment and I don't get
my money back
there's any gym companies out there
watching this or if anyone works for one
or knows for somebody that works for a
company that can source me new gym floor
and new gym equipment and help me out I
will be very very thankful I'll push
your company in these videos I was led
to a gym two months ago that's why I
don't have a six-pack we're gonna blame
it on that okay I know I could work out
at another gym but I'm just gonna blame
it any excuse I'm turning onto that
anything in life that isn't going well
if I ever missed upload of his latest
because those blooming people stole my
gym equipment I'm currently off to go
and meet a friend of mine who's with
another friend of his and two off a
friend of that friends coolant level low
maybe I should drop my all day I'm up to
go rock climbing with them for a bit
actually that makes so much more sense
going in the Audi because in the boot of
my Audi luckily that coolant thing came
up in the boot of my Audi I'm like rock
climbing shoes so lucky I didn't going
this I was a runt of her my rock
climbing shoes off to go rock climbing
so I've just got here now and realized
that I don't remember if the lockers
have like locks on doesn't have us a
lock a lock or not on the door and
obviously I bought clothes to change
into I'm not gonna do lemon what
climbing in jeans and a hoodie so I'm
just gonna get change now people are
looking for the window or the floor so
wet or my thing oh my god and we got oh
my gosh oh my gosh currently just in
boxes
no get my shoes back on my feet my socks
are soaked in wet or wet socks into
Yeezys that is not what you want people
in the cafe bit can see me oh my I need
to put my climbing shoes on I don't in
my bag yeah
I'm literally just getting changed rose
I'm getting changed by the car yeah I
just thought I'd get changed out here
rather than the coming in what are you
saying worried yeah I can hear you where
are you
Hey
max was to the standing back deck and
now we're trying to we're gonna try to
do ourselves
yo can we talk about those backflips
like I haven't been able to backflip on
ground like on the floor standing off of
a trampoline since I did gymnastics when
I was like 15 and then just now max did
a backflip and as I oh my gosh I have to
try it now and then Harry did on an Alec
did one and I'm just like I have to try
I have to at least try and it worked out
incredibly well and now I come back flip
on floor little moments like this that
make me so happy it brings me back to
like that's what I used to be able to do
and when I was younger I need to get
going I need to go meet those guys but
um when I was young going to do this
thing with my friend who lived down the
road where every single day 100% we
would do at least one backflip off of a
bench or off of a bin off of a fence or
a wall on the floor or wherever I was
obsessed with this idea that for the
rest of my life I will be able to do a
backflip like it's just something that I
want to be able to do so I used to make
sure that every even off of my sofa I
used to make sure that I did at least
one backflip a day so that I can keep
the momentum of being able to do a
backflip I don't know at which point
that stopped happening but obviously I
can no longer backflip and now a bloomin
can so that's exciting my new vlogs just
gone up with a story of how the journey
of little Alfie deyes making videos
little zoe sugg making videos and how
Zoe discovered my video and how we
started speaking and stuff like that and
now I'm about to go off and go meet the
meet the guys that are moved just now to
go and get a drink at Harry's house and
then the thing and when I grab an endows
on the way home so there's only so and I
can never know this we didn't it tonight
and even British smacking don't worry I
have been wear my brace is really good
recently also I should probably say that
when I get there I'm not gonna film
anything we literally just having a
couple of fizzy drinks all of us are
driving literally everyone is driving so
nobody can drink alcohol so that means
you can have a couple of like cokes and
stuff like that in the garden but I
don't know the filming situation at
Harry's house and stuff so I'm just
gonna gonna leave the camera in the car
but I decided let you know that is what
I am doing alright Sat Navs all set up
I'll see you guys probably when I'm
going to pick up Nando's just go home
somewhere next clip wasn't in Nando's
however we're watching The X Factor with
little knowledge ear as well and we have
gotten and O's
I couldn't decide what to get so I've
got a quinoa salad where was much again
oh they're chicken and then I kind of
also got which I've never seen before
now that I don't if it's no sweet potato
and button up with halloumi wrap by Maya
that's more for lunch and so we went for
a chicken wrappers off
mrs. lippy yeah it's kind of one o'clock
in the morning now actually probably
even make an embassy 127 in the morning
it is raining that she's in training so
much I love the sound of that just
looking up all the house turning with
the alarms on time to go to bed absolute
nekkid hope you enjoyed the video if you
have thanks for already giving the video
a thumbs up thanks for subscribing and
everything I was literally like why is
they on the floor I'll catch in the
morning guys tomorrow's a big day
the match goes on sale I'll see you then
two in the morning debate debate debate
