good morning guys I'm being a little bit
quiet if you can't tell because the time
is half past 7:00 in the morning I woke
up an hour ago I'm just having my
breakfast now I've got to like literally
got to finish my breakfast in the next
minute that you should get a banana
because today I start training again in
the gym which I'm super excited about it
has been five weeks since I properly
worked out I've done stuff on myself in
the park but my trainer pushes me so
much harder than I'd ever push myself
that it's so much more beneficial for me
good to go to the gym with my trainer
he's back from LA now he'd turned LA for
four weeks so it's time to start
training again I'm excited right I need
to eat my cereal there's no book move
login because I need to eat no it is
some time later after my gym session
which went incredibly well it was super
super fun and I'm so glad to be back in
the gym working out again guys it's an
eating healthy I just had a snack after
the gym which was like rice and tuna and
almonds and healthy good protein food I
need my daily vlog now obviously as you
can know my boys were underweight as you
can tell I'm at my office I'm just
waiting for the delivery of stuff I
ordered yesterday I think the man who
owns the shop is popping over to see
where the furniture is going to go so
that he can tell the people where to put
the stuff because they're gonna rebuild
it all for me and everything which is
really really nice of them yeah I'm
excited I've got a lot to do today I
made a list here on my phone of things
to do and it's a blooming long old list
like so much to do today
so I woke up really really early I went
to the gym at half past seven as you
know and then I just ran home now sort
to that load of stuff for Zoey night
from a gaming video later tonight that
might be going live the same day you're
watching this maybe if it is I leave a
link to it down below you can go check
it out but yeah I just need to
crack on got so many videos to edit I've
even got another gaming video to edit I
forgot about that from last night
okay I've literally got so much to do
today
yeah enough this agario video completely
forgot I even tell them that there's
always being a weirdo it is way later on
since Zoey and I about to film a new
gaming video that's gonna go up the same
day as you are watching this so I leave
a link to it down below
Shawn's double Quyen oh my gosh I would
love to see poppy you go on the Segway
thing now don't hold on to me don't
stand there you start in the middle
stand up straight
nice pineapple head
sorry now run away 3 2 1 wait a minute
ago we were meant to be film in a gaming
video momento a family gaming video and
now we learned about in segment sessions
but you look like you're enjoying it
don't having so much fun step backwards
backwards no you called Jeff would you
have to step back but you God because
then it carries out right - step back
you ready we have just finished dinner
we're now it bother you George
yay Zoe said that we've gone after
dinner trees oh yeah I forgot you got
these that's so sick
what are those are they which one is
your fate
this one's mine oh that was really my
fate oh it's gonna say this one felt
like my fate so they are miss fortune
cookies look at that Miss Fortune no
Allah did not like that noise I'm sorry
little one no I've been running around
like crazy she loves the place right
no no I'm gonna pick you down here while
still do like unboxing this is like will
this be for videos when you don't know
what you're gonna get so here we have
good turn oh my bloomin god oh my gosh
what is all of your say who's going fast
said don't be sad your life will be over
someday
what is your say your years of plenty
yet to come tell me dick I know mine
says you're sick of everything keep up
the good work
mine's how did you look before the
accident thank this bit good right where
our home now is every night it's like 20
minutes up to 12 in the evening and I've
got the gym again tomorrow morning at
7:30 poppy is coming with me oh yeah oh
yeah I do
poppies come with me to my wine I
persuaded her I said to Jim said to Jim
said to Ed at the gym
can we instead of doing a leg workout
tomorrow can we do just like a bit of
everything and poppy can come as well
and we can both work out together and
see who's the fittest in the competition
who's the fittest definitely not me
cardio-wise I'm so not fit
in fact strength wise I'm also so not
fair no doc tonight 120th session
normally he
only 25 not in a vibe yeah
no jaqen we did five sets of 25 we'll do
it tomorrow you're seeing you'll see
what we did tomorrow also sorry if you
saw if you saw my Twitter last night
papi was treating off of my laptop I
stupidly left it on the side the entire
evening the most ridiculous tweets
where's my bag
are there it is
