good morning guys
how you doin I am currently just walking
through town I've just finished a
meeting with Zoe she is gone back home
and I've come straight into town I was
gonna start the braga early this morning
when I woke up I had some weird dreams
my dream last night that I met Taylor
Swift five times in one day and we were
just chatting and she had a French
Bulldog with her don't know why and a
French Bulldog was called wait what was
its name because I wrote it all down on
my phone let me have French Bulldog or
it might dream down when I woke up was
called Martha and it just got weird like
we were just chatting up pugs and about
cats obviously because she loves cats
thank you yeah anyways some cool dreams
are now off to the office gonna get some
lunch first big chocolate in the world
I've got some water I got some looks
like I've got the shortest shorts on
they've like pulled themselves up I've
got a banana and then I've also just got
myself some lunch I've got like a
chicken salad sandwich that looked
amazing so I just had to go for it I've
got to edit the daily vlog now so I'm
gonna get that X importing importing not
exporting important Boston having lunch
and then I'm going to try films from
gaming videos today I've also just
popped into a shop in town I didn't film
it that just had the sickest furniture
ever and as you guys know I'm on the
hunt for furniture because this room
here is so big and empty and their next
room as well so I've just found a
massive set of shelves all joined
together that I think are gonna be
perfect for this wall here but that was
where one of my desks was gonna go
that's the only issue and I've already
ordered my desk so I may have to
rearrange my desks where they're gonna
go in here and have two deaths instead
of three and the shelving unit
and then a desk maybe and this half over
here and then yeah there's some like
lower units that are like and I'm gonna
have to have a think about wherever that
was going to go I'm gonna properly
measure this all up now I'm gonna draw
my office out on a piece of paper like
the floor plan and write down all the
measurements of the rooms on it in
centimeters so that I can go back to the
shop later on with papi Papi's gonna
come because as you know she's been
helping me get all my office out with
the furniture she knows what looks good
and what doesn't and then I'm gonna go
and measure with the furniture and then
buy the bits and the guy said that he's
got I was like I'm not be able to carry
these bloomin shelves all the way to my
office from here like it's quite far
away and the guys I don't want I've got
people that'll do it for you and
everything and bring it up and put it
where you want it so I was an amazing
anyways I need to eat my lunch but
that's really really exciting I've just
found a ton of new stuff that I really
really want in the office so I'm just
wanted to meet papi now she's just
popped in to prep to grab a sandwich I
believe or a drink and then we're gonna
go and view all of the furniture I'm so
excited to show you guys to show papi
hopefully we all like it and it fits the
measurements I'll take a note of all of
the possible spaces that any of it could
go in my office drawing it all down and
everything I'm excited to try some comfy
clothes I'm wearing like tracksuit
bottoms and like comfy shoes these
actually they're Confucius and when all
gray and white just realized even my
shoes and my socks and my boxes even my
boxers are gray and white oh my gosh oh
yeah I guess sitting by yourself they're
going in I have completely made my
office an absolute mess we'll just want
boom of it anyway because I want the
audio to be really really really good
when I record this video I'm about to
film a new gaming video so I've put like
my laptop up on stats and all this stuff
yet because I don't have my desks and
then a camera up here I'll put these
around just to cushion cushion the room
so the audios better and the little
microphone up there and I'm
film a new agario video I've also of
course uploaded done finished all my
daily bug for the day and I ended up
buying all that furniture i bought how
many pieces there by three pieces of
furniture and a mirror i think yes i did
buy the mirror in the end and i was a
little bit torn but i do like it and all
of the furniture was going to go in that
part over there and then once the debt i
just going to be sick
this place is going to be so good in
like two weeks
this place is good and i know i know i
know a coupon said in two weeks in one
week in two weeks it's just going to be
sick also I should clear something up
with you guys because I get asked it so
much and I always forget our city vlogs
why I have two mobiles everybody sees in
the back kind of videos and comments
like but on this bedside table with
those two phones and then people are
like no one with Zoe's and they're like
no Zoe's is golden that one's white so
the reason I have two phones guys is
because this way phone here is for work
so that is like if I'm going on a day of
like filming for like a company or I'm
doing like reason I did that stuff with
sky the people who are like in charge
over there and like the security and the
directors and the cameramen and
everything if they need my mobile number
then they get this one which is my work
mobile number so I only ever get contact
from this one if it's to do with work
and this one here is for personal which
I think only like 40 people have this
number or something like that
so if I'm contacting like a friend like
tray you're somebody or Holly or my
family or be on this one and then if I'm
contacting like work like Maddie or a
cameraman or a photo shoot or director
or something like that then it'll be
this one because I don't mind more
people having this number because it's
my work phone involved and this one is
not I don't know you guys understand you
get what I mean basically I do have two
buttons but one is for work and one is
for personal the reason I have that is
because I do not want a million trillion
people knowing my mobile number and the
only mobile number that they ever give
out to people that aren't super close to
me is my work mobile number so if
anything ever happened to that it's my
work oneness
could ever get out anyways I'm gonna
film this video
glad to clean it up you need to turn on
the camera is the microphone turned on
yes the microphone is on D oh oh nearly
fell over off good bye mr. office I'll
catch you tomorrow goodbye actually my
office I think is female I'd only get
semester goodbye mrs. I'm bad
Wow I'll be ensuring here in fact
probably Shawn and I just went shopping
now and we got a ton of delicious food I
mean what are we doing you're weird one
we're making some for eaters for dinner
sorry I've got some coffee and sure wait
let me turn it off first their names I
will be insurance should we do Zoey's
challenge now or afterwards I think now
Yeah right Zoe you need to come over
here basically we bought something it
was drawn by D we bought something in
white rose and it's basically the what's
that challenge of called an you see the
way you close your eyes what's in my
mouth challenge videos to close your
eyes no in your mouth this is the only
and do not cheat because we've got one
I've no idea I'm senior blogger no I
probably it's not
Oh Mitch it's not that okay this is what
it is I
alright you ready
so I think guys you cornered your eyes
you have to get ten seconds and then
yeah so many much my gosh or just
wasting a hundred pounds on the audience
at all yeah wait the camera Jim don't be
hands of you I know opening your eyes
wider any don't open your eyes
oh my god
and I have no idea the woman selling me
I didn't even know what it was
all right pop it your turn
close your eyes and open your mouth you
have to no cheat in okay it's not you
have to guess what it is
come on wider God say no there you go
close those eyes come on my friends
Alfie then right let me pick something
yeah I don't like this game by the
toilet
I'm gonna give you a guinea pig discover
is that Alright guys are getting bullied
now the walls they're all trying to plan
them plot something sure and your glow
is off so you're not nice to me yes
I know I'm gonna bet nine his tail in
your mouth yeah Oh sharp yeah but I
didn't do like flavored stuff yeah
do you know something
no you just don't go wide Oh guys I put
on the screen up on the screen now what
we've gotten is that okay
does he like that just say yes I know Oh
is there ready let's go you got one
right say yes to bite it hot right Sean
come here open your mouth and close your
eyes it's gonna be some mouldy it's not
loading your heart it's not it's not gum
guys I'm holding this down go you have
to fight down as soon as I say go just
bite bite
and dinner is served
look I could these cool little can't
even speak these cool little things we
found instead of a rap it's like a
little boat so say alright guys I am all
tucked up in a bed I have just in the
bed I've just realised well not just
realised I know because I have I've got
the gym tomorrow morning at 7:30 a.m.
I'm getting picked up here by my
personal trainer and the time now what
is the time he's done to the door 1234
less than seven hours until I leave for
the gym that is not good I need to get
up early have breakfast get ready get
prepared mentally prepared because I'm
worked out properly in like five weeks
now it's gonna be hard it's going to be
really really hard physically and I know
I'm gonna pay for it the next days after
it's like I don't know it's gonna be
hard I'm super excited to get back into
the gym and start eating really healthy
again and prepping my food and
everything like that and I know
obviously the 90-day challenge
stopped and I put it on hold but I'll
talk about that more again in timorous
video and explain what happened with
that and everything and maybe yeah I
talk about that tomorrow
I'm gonna end the vlog now I hope you
enjoyed today if you did give it a big
ol thumbs up to let me know that you did
and I'll catch you tomorrow good
