good morning guys
parcels have just arrived so we got that
thing that I forget the name of every
time the mail time when does blog may
old time mail has arrived in the post
and I don't know what we called every
single time I pretty much know ways in
all of these but I thought I would open
them with you just realize ever got any
scissors or a knife and look at my hair
oh that wasn't very good oh oh my gosh
what is it it's a blooming wire what
else is it it's another blooming wire I
kind of had to just go for it and rip it
to shreds so this is the thing that I
forgot yesterday when I was in my office
it's in my memory card goes in that side
and then that bit goes into my laptop
the other day Zoey for yoga mat and then
I've already got my gym mat which is
like super squishy and backward and then
you're right there so get a drink over
there and and then she bought two yoga
DVDs so we're going to start doing yoga
in the morning and maybe in the evening
as well one of them is just like an
energizing yoga workout then the other
DVD is a morning and evening yoga
workout oh here we go
great look out relax she looks alright
I'm putting you guys there then gently
place your fingertips on the ground by
the side to me I'm looking for it to
help lengthen the sides of the body
lifting the lower back
one slowly walk your hands back in
change the cross of the legs just the
head slightly if you need to adjust the
feet slightly back if you need to try
and lengthen up through the spine as
much as you can we'll strip the knees
slightly bent and don't marry too much
about straightening the legs keep the
back leg nice and straight that you
inhale take the left arm up in the air
five tips and then gently bring the left
hand down breathing in and as you exhale
pressing yourself back to a down every
to the letter exhale if the head gently
reach the arms and reach the left arm up
in the air left hand to the right
shoulder blade by our mouths bending the
left knee out to the side bring the left
foot in tool to right thigh press the
right thigh down towards the ground
use your fingertips to help lift your
lower back and open up the chest turning
your body to face your right toes how is
she doing that gymnastics you can do
splits clearly breathing in and
breathing out and as you exhale draw the
belly in and reach the fingertips past
your toe tips
breathing in sweep all the way back out
my steeped breath in and breathing out
for four pounds
breathing in and breathing out
that's the end that's good
yeah lime is out and you make sure
strategy is oh he's not very flexible in
extras um also wore a hat because I've
done my hair this morning it is an
absolutely that's my leg sideways but
not like straight like that
yeah not flexible maker what if I yeah
this bet is a very structured you know
this thing yeah like being wet like this
way I'm fine but like that way I can't
do like bending forward like this yeah I
can't touch my toes like realistically
though my my arms are too short no yeah
no that's not that that's you sure that
you're not stretchy enough the ankles
hey go and touch it go on you got that I
can do one at a time actually no I can't
get outside we've finished our little
yoga session as always just may meet
some porridge
pearline RSSI very funny sorry shining
the light on the wall from my phone Oh
what are you looking at what are you
looking at
yeah yeah all right I'm off to my office
now I'm going to take over this massive
lights with me somehow fit them into it
out into a taxi finally in the office
after blooming lugging those massive old
lights around y'all man I need to get
some lunch I need to get some turmeric
lights on turn me little lights on I
need to try these guys out I haven't
actually used them yet because I know if
I told you yesterday by order them a
lesson
wrong plugs with them so I had to order
some new plugs but I've got them now
everything is ready and set up to plan
and do everything into a new video
I've got one light on here another light
on there I think I'm going to film like
sitting down here or something I haven't
really thought about it too much you
would have seen it it would have went up
yesterday so for you you don't have to
think about it that's for me to do and I
love this little notepad so much I just
love the design of this look I call it
and then on the back up a little blue
guy I also really really want to play
table tennis but it's one activity that
you cannot play by yourself which is
annoying and I'm the only one in the
office so no table tennis right knee
turn of the slight need to go grab some
Oh blind it need to go grab some lunch
first lunch in the new office I have got
like all proper lunch sitting down
probably sitting down a loose stool I've
got chicken and onion sandwich I never
used to like onions like until about two
months ago I absolutely hated onions I
would take them out anything and all of
a sudden I love them I don't know why
when I was younger everyone used to tell
me that my taste buds were like mature
and I'd like things that I didn't like
before like tomatoes which I now love
but mushrooms will always be something
that I do not like I will never ever
ever eat mushrooms actually that is a
lie when I was in Dublin I had them on a
steak and they were too
but normally I don't leave mushrooms and
so I've got a little chicken sandwich of
course got a hot chocolate have to have
a hot chocolate
this place is a gooey because it's not
very for ya don't worry it won't be a
Zachary in the future it's just at the
moment then of course I have to get a
little a little red velvet cupcake and
yeah that's it got my pad pen and paper
gonna plow new videos gonna get feel my
new videos today it's going to be good
spin emboss this is the last vlog just
set up my cameras and everything take my
shoes off decided I might as well get
cozy it's my office all the shoes often
get cozy that's what we do I've got one
camera here recording the video this
cover here which is close to recording
the audio because I've realized that
there's not much stuff yeah in the
office especially in that bar so it's
quite ugly
so I've got one camera filming my audio
really close then that one up there is
filming filming my video I don't often
film favorites videos I think I've only
ever done one before because I find it a
basic the things that I like to buy are
often for males or stereotypically often
for male was not actually I don't have
to be for males for those of you before
you say but I like those things that
I've female that is fine but generally
they're stereotypically for males and my
audience is like 72 is it 72 or 70 70
percent female so I feel a bit weird
saying go check out this go buy this go
buy this these are what I love at the
moment when the vast majority of you a
female watching there is still 30% males
if you're male in your watching don't be
like Alfie you're forgetting me I'm not
forgetting you guys but yes so I find it
a bit strange but the things that I've
been loving recently I'd just like items
and I can tell you some of them I've
written them down because obviously this
video is going up after my my favorites
videos already up so some of them for
example not gonna say many of them wild
by Troye absolutely loving that at the
moment and candles including this little
candle that I bought down here see that
little guy I love that smells delicious
the only thing is I don't have any map
my office so I can't actually light it
but my new video is finally up and just
packing up in the office trying to tidy
everything up because when I come
tomorrow
and don't want it to be one where hold
it up at the bin oh yeah okay rubbish
tomorrow I'm already slacking I'm gonna
rush back now get taxi home and have
dinner see Zoe
Anala before heading back here until
morning I need to get things like new
another laptop charger but we only have
one laptop charger and obviously I don't
have to bring it every single day home
then office and then office so I need to
buy one so that I just have one each bed
I know one day I'll forget to bring it
here and then my lap will run our charge
and you know what will happen I'm home
now though he's got dinner this little
baby you can't really see it very well
oh you can't see you my camera now we
can how you doing you smell so good
after your bath there yeah I've just
ordered a delivery from a place that
I've never had it before all I know is
that I couldn't decide what meal to get
and I've had such a long day not eating
much so I've got two meals all right so
let's see in here all night or what is
it it's not for you though here hot dog
with chili beef and cheese here chips
with chili beef and cheese oh wait it's
chili beef got tomato oh I'm not allowed
to mato and in here Oh chips chicken and
coleslaw oh my gosh I'm so excited
hi guys I'm just putting this little
baby down to bed
I'm just getting the vlog now before I
can't do my teeth look at these little
lights those oh yes I'm all better thank
you so much for watching today give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoy again I
hope you enjoyed wow I hope you do is oh
and I doing yoga this morning for 20
minutes I had so much fun as you could
tell by yesterday's main channel video I
put it in my favorites I think we're
going to do it again tomorrow morning do
a different one maybe session to that
anyways I will get you tomorrow I need
to do my teeth and go to bed I'll see
you then good
did I say give us a thumbs up thumbs up
let's see how many thumbs up we can get
i think yesterday's video so far it's
like sixteen or twenty thousand which is
crazy so let's see if we can beat that
I'll get you tomorrow
good
