good morning guys we've got a delivery
this morning a bloomin get one is rather
listen it's the screws from that little
bar bit yesterday that I've shown you my
office that they forgot they sent them
first class and they arrived to date
this morning really early so I need to
go back to my office and screw that
together I also left all my laptop and
everything like that in my office
because I want to film a video from
there today for my main YouTube channel
they should be gone at the same times of
this video should be up around the same
kind of time so I leave a link to it
down below this up yeah that's right so
far the time what is the time I left
also leftover charges and everything my
office so my phone's got 12% okay it's
not even early the time is 20 minutes to
11 I did wake up early in tune all
around and get a breath first or
anything like that and then I put her
back to bed and now it's time to get up
time to get up I also need to film a
couple of gaming videos with Zoe and
then I don't know how I'm gonna film
them because my laptop and everything is
at my office but everything else I have
to be able to film is here and Zoe is
here so good night I'm gonna have to
work that one out see what's happening
with that one I also wanna have a good
breakfast oh I want to go to like The
Breakfast Club for pancakes or something
we've got flour eggs do we have no yes
also my chest was incredibly bad last
night you know I had a bad day yesterday
and the day before because I just
completely was stupid I had like
chocolate cereal which I'm not allowed
choclate and I had like worse did I do
that I wasn't allowed I had a cocktail
coupla days ago which I wasn't allowed
so my chest was really really bad
yesterday and the day before the last
night as you saw a little bit of I ended
up having five cocktails not good to the
last night I was probably awake for that
half an hour and the most excruciating
pain ever my chest so I'm walking up and
down in circles and ended up taking
gaviscon the really really helped her
but anyways anyways I need to get up
to get ready for the day we're gonna
have a productive day of filming we're
gonna go to the office gonna go I think
I wanna buy some pillows for the sofa in
the office today I need to check how my
plants and then we need to name my
plants I'm gonna film a clip today
remind me some how to film my two plants
we can name office plants that's what we
need to do or they don't even part
they're like capitai or what's the other
one chillin succulents or some of that
of course I'm gonna get them alive once
the name them they're my children
have to keep them alive hello good
morning how you doing I've already been
blogging for a couple of minutes today
but it has been ages since I last film
the clip basically let me quickly show
you obviously I'm in my office as well I
went to town with my dad just bought
something pillows my checking down there
you like my little green pillows and I
know you guys hate me blogging on this
camera I know it so I put my blogging
camera here stupidly left looks empty
know if you can see that I left the
battery at home so I'm gonna have to
until I go home I'm gonna have to blog
on this big old camera which I can't
really show you I know I can i hack with
a mirror it's this big camera hello it
is this big old camera here and I've
also got hat on because I literally
haven't done my hair today good news
guys I just found a spare camera battery
in my camera bag because I'm counting
the posters to bring it over all my
cameras and everything like that so this
is my camera bag is it's open in the
back then I stuff all my cameras and
lenses into and I found a spare camera
battery in the top bit tucked away but
I've also got some incredibly bad news
I just tried to edit my daily vlog and I
kind of don't have an SD card reader
here which basically means let me turn
the music down so I don't know how loud
it is for you oh no I basically when
you're filming these videos you're the
little SD card which is like the memory
card that goes in like the side of your
camera like in there that your video
records onto
and doesn't fit into the side of my
laptop because I've got the MacBook Air
so it doesn't have like a little reader
slot if you see what I mean so I have
this other device that I put my ste card
into then I put that into my laptop kind
of left it a home
oh my gosh the struggles of using an
office for the first time there's one
literally on the side of my bed at home
I know it I can picture I know exactly
it is I know what it why is it not here
yeah I don't know what I'm gonna do and
now the video is gonna be late and then
tons of people are gonna be tweeting me
saying you're the worst lady rolled away
Joe video completely forgot show you
guys that I built this my little bar
thing to have munch on is ready I mean I
kind of just had lunch and I didn't eat
on there but if I wanted to the option
was there right right I need to get my
stuff I need to head out I need to go
back lights down there is everything
locked or the windows awesome my dad
beat me at table tennis earlier that
sucks I mean you did used to play
properly for like three years he played
table tennis maybe even more than that
but he beat me tennis love table
everything do I need a bottle of water I
think we're good I think we're good to
go
I think I might come back in tomorrow to
fill my main channel video because I
didn't get it done
today I've got to go ahead as a daily
vlog not even in focus nice to come back
I think I'm going to come back tomorrow
to film my main channel video and edit
it and upload it all from here because I
quite want to film a video sat down on
the little sofa bit there and have that
some plants and stock and shop and I
just want to start using my office I
really really talk to them is gonna be
the first day it's probably gonna use it
to work in turns a car because I forgot
something that's this really big so
annoying right lights off
let's go
where's this bloomin SD card reader then
there's my camera battery that I left a
home but damn I found a spare one didn't
I
where's my card reader wherever left it
no huh whoever left it whoever left it
upstairs my daily blog is find a live
guys I'm so sorry that it was two hours
late ridiculous that should not be
happening I'm honestly so so sorry
if he can't already tell yes I did spill
half of my lunch all down myself it is
all over my top my coronation chicken
with my dad all around for lunch with my
dad and I the coronation chicken
sandwich was were out for lunch
literally dropped most of it on my
t-shirt which is great isn't it really
really good Nala is fast asleep on me
but you can't even let me see her look
at her look at she's gone up like a
little baby
haha oh I'm sorry did I wake you up I
laughing at you oh I'm sorry baby
you go back to sleep oh I'm sorry
come here lay down baby
you know alright guys I've just got back
from dinner pretty big family dinner
actually I never ready see my uncle Tim
and Aunty Fiona and my cousins German is
except from is he now lives down in
Brighton she goes to like Sussex will
write a new knee or one of them on them
not sure which one is that bad I don't
even know what union my cousin goes to
but it was her 21st on Wednesday so we
just had like a big family meal were
like either uncle of mine and my parents
came along poppy and Shawn couldn't make
it but they took is he out for her
birthday on her birthday which was
lovely sweets had a massive meal like a
table would probably like 10 of us my
grandmother as well in bills absolutely
delicious and then we just stayed in her
drinks and had coffees and although I
didn't have any
alcoholic drinks and I didn't have any
coffee I literally just stuck with water
because I don't my chest we playing up
within bathroom now it is hot bus 11 I
need a way about 14 out of 10
like the whole taxi home I was like I am
going to wet myself any second so I'm
gonna I'm gonna go go to the toilet guys
oh my gosh is ditch the pitch-black and
him if he can can you see me hello TV my
teeth he literally can't see anything
thank you so much watching today I know
today's vlog was a little bit disheveled
because I had to rush about trying to
upload and I didn't film I'm ill just
then because obviously it was like a
family thing and I didn't really want to
film it but I hope you enjoyed it
nevertheless and hope you enjoyed the
main Channel video that also we're not
tonight give it a big old thumbs up or
leave link down to it down below when
it's ready go check it out and I'll
catch you tomorrow
okay give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it as well let me know in the
comments what are you up to
how you doin and actually comment down
below just out of interest how old you
are and what country you're from
just have interests I think it'd be cool
new guys could all chat and stuff in the
comments and I kept you soon - no I said
soon I'll catch you tomorrow good night
