good morning guys
are you doing it is about half past
eight quarter past eight in the morning
I'm feeling white away because I fell
asleep last night before twelve o'clock
which is super early for me straight
away I am up playing that little
rubbishy game that means our obsessive
at the moment I leveled up I'm a level
higher than her how happy you how happy
you know my level she said in a Drake
you Evelyn she's actually really annoyed
I'm a higher level than her today is the
day that all my office furniture arrives
oh I said all of it my desk stone I have
ordered those but they're come embrace
to turn away wait let me take a bracelet
and then I'll carry on speaking my
braces are out who's ringing me there's
no log to wake me up well I'm already
awake I'm at the lake where any um yeah
all my office furniture arrives today
except my desks which I have ordered but
they're just come in from the several
companies they're gonna take home like a
week longer but everything else arrives
today and I've given myself and papi
probably the two worst people because
building furniture can make me really
stressed like it's one of those thing is
that I just know what I'm like and I'll
probably build it all wrong and then get
really annoyed and then have to restart
again and their papi is one of the
people that's just like the worst of
that kind of thing wouldn't be like
where does this go and I'll be like
probably just read the instructions
please I'm doing something else so then
now it's gonna work
we're gonna have to just see what
happens I don't even know if I've got
any tools I might go and buy a tool set
to build the furniture yeah tools
actually now I do have to always I
bought towards my office to build my
table tennis table so I do have that I
remember now
yeah so I'm just super excited in my
office today is gonna start shaping and
coming together and then tonight Callum
Sarah and che are coming up or coming
down from London then we're gonna go for
dinner
well what date is it Saturday and it's
Friday scones have got back to meal for
my cousin's birthday but
tomorrow that's not delay Oh doubled but
my bath take my mails then okay I'm
gonna go play this game I'm getting
weird goodbye my little messy baby no
I'm not talking to you talking to this
little Nutter goodbye no my new camera
lens has started break-in this will be
the fifth one that breaks if it carries
on doing that where the shutters don't
open and with Poppy now we've just got
to town to go and get some breakfast and
stuff before sorting out the office
later and then then we've got like a
half an hour call at any point during
the day we've got half an hour's notice
from your house but this better the
delivery is arriving between 9:00 a.m.
on is it 9:00 or 10:00 10:00 a.m. till
one o'clock lunch time and they call us
half an hour before so we're just going
to shop around town for a bit which
means at any point we have minimum of
half an hour's notice I think of stuff
to arrive Bobby doesn't run they have a
reason why they don't run now though
we're both just lazy siblings and we're
gonna go and try and get a nice
breakfast from somewhere is it still
quite early I don't know were the last
time I was in town with everything had
just opened
yeah yeah you sure like knowing the
clock
oh yeah you're vegetarian aren't you I
don't know why one this is where we
going for breakfast monster my salmon
omelette has just arrived Poppy's nearly
finished
I'll check it out in emails to last
night five minutes I need to smash this
hobby is nipped off to the doctor's
because she thinks she's not very sure
but she why is my camera so dark I've
got the right setting because she thinks
that she might have tonsillitis she's
not very sure I don't really think she
has but her glam feels a little bit
swollen so she's going to check Oh
nearly got here just in case she can
just take some antibiotics and make it
go away so I've got about half an hour
so while she's at the doctor's just by
myself in town now hopefully all my
office stuff doesn't arrive now because
I don't know how much I could help out
by myself I need to help you with Mia's
rioter to help sort it all out
it's got show you guys I also bought
this which is an electric screwdriver
how good is that it's going to make this
so much easier also how much our throat
now I basically what we showed you how
Thomson was I know it on social balance
yeah I know you told me this morning
woman before we even met her that you
had really sort of like GAD and then
when we're having breakfast probably
open her mouth my god I've never seen in
my life the Bobby's idea doctor's
appointment as oh I don't know I've just
never seen it like that inflamed so
swollen gland and everything was all
good I brought this which is an electric
screwdriver to make our building process
a lot easier otherwise all I've got is
this which is so slow apparently the
people are downstairs guys just a few
specs on the right thing but the people
we just delivered everything offered to
make it all for me after carrying my
sofa and all of these boxes up like a
ton of stairs in my office is not on the
ground floor it's like really high up I
felt really bad so I don't know guys of
course you don't do that don't worry
so we bought the Agena building or even
though they offered and I said no is
that student even the police but the
busiest day and so much work to do I
said no yeah I can do by myself I mean I
can't say that let me get my new little
screwdriver alright you need something
on the end of it right up with the box
all right where are we doing this that
one in I'm going to try and it in my
left hand
SiC my sofa is in I've still got little
side tables to go either side that looks
good doesn't it how comfy is it
we just popped out for lunch we've
finished everything my office I'll show
you guys later on Camille is papi and
this is like a miso detox she's got like
the same this is like the most amazing
smoothie ever pop his jacket shop in
Bobby got this new jacket like a week
ago she's obsessed with it so now she's
getting another one or looking to get
another one he's coming jack is my
favorite jack e at my office
Betsey
I like that oh no one still in iphone
again where is it here we go oh the girl
striking that pose Oh shop him for some
stuff for the little kitchen area bit
this place is so sick in here
your coffee mugs and plates I still get
six yeah I'll get another tea shop
Bobby's got a load of stuff I've got so
much stuff the office is gonna be
getting busy and then we bought dessert
if you see that video and then we also
ordered a load more stuff from the place
where all my furniture is from that is
arriving again in like another week or
two and then my desks arrived like a
week so give it two weeks and it's gonna
be blooming busy and so get in there I
need to I'm in Internet as well actually
thinking about that I need to get
Internet in there booked
I haven't even booked to get internet
yeah tiny little hanging part yeah good
idea
we need some office plants that is what
we need so we've come to this place here
and what sweet corn back sweet corn what
of that I've never seen purple actually
born
what ones are we gonna go for I think
this big guy here yeah when you've
wanted them a couple of these more bushy
ones we need that guy there he's sick
I'm one of these wait I haven't got
anywhere to put these yet I haven't got
my desk they're just gone the side for
now
oh okay right we've done a lot of
shopping for this place today it's still
obviously not finished we've got a load
of stuff we're waiting for and we did a
load of mall shopping that's gonna come
in like a week or two but let me show
you what you talked about what I can't
even speak what we've done so far
so here we've got my little lights then
we've ordered a unit to go here with a
TV that I've already got in my current
office over here we've got a little
table of a candle that smells delicious
and two little plants nice I've got the
rug on the floor there we've got the
sofa little table with another candle on
it and our laptops then I just got this
mirror hello
the sofa is amazing and everything then
we're gonna do a little like lamps here
and here coming up and over this frying
this away getting out the kitchen
this here is awesome but unfortunately
didn't come with the screws so they're
arriving tomorrow this is just some like
no retro e old-school stools to sit on
and then basically this here is going to
be like this high and it's like a tiny
little bar so that if you order if you
order it's not a restaurant if you're in
town and you buy food and then you bring
it back to the office then you can eat
your little bar thing here so those are
the legs obviously two little stools
that piece of wood is going to be like a
little bath in here all the way from
there and then Thai way to the end is
going to be a desk or three desk push
together which is where my iMac and
everything is going to go and then in
the kitchen now I've taken the you nail
for the side which is this and we're
throwing that away and we've got a rug
on the floor and then this is at the
kitchen we've got like a little chopping
board coffee
of capsules little things to put our tea
bags and stuff in and then down here
we've got like well my dish is cutlery
and cups and it's basically just sick
and look how cool that little kitchen is
and then I haven't got anything in the
cupboard yeah but that we like snacks
like crisps and stuff and then also we
have order so basically the only room
that's really done is like that little
room in there which spend at the meeting
area the kitchens nearly done in the
little bar bear so give it like a week
or two and this room will also be done
in here because we're a my desk only
thing and that forum we haven't done I
need to get a designer to come and make
a design all of like my sets that I'm
gonna film in but this area is probably
the most important which is right I'm
just gonna like do my daily vlogs and
editing and stuff like that for now and
then eventually that obviously I'm going
to film my main channel videos up in
that area over there but I might film
them in here for now just because I
still want to try to stop using this
place this light has also gone off you
think why is this bit darker I need to
get a new bulb up there and then here
this little bit as you walk in through
the door I'm going to get a fridge that
fits all the end on there or a glass
front and it will be a little bit higher
than the radiator so I can stock up the
fridge full of like drinks and waters
and snacks that you like I don't know
bread and wait just break on the fridge
I'm not gonna put bread in there I don't
watch the bread
he'll move through things like cokes and
sprites and ice lollies for the freezer
mmm we're gonna have nice cold drinks in
there for when guests come or people
come for meetings and things but it's
gonna it's going to be good but so far
this room is just the main one how did
it go today like so much more effort and
work and probably what you've seen guys
it has been insane but good good look at
this this is so sick I can't wait for
the little unit to go there over TV on
that and then we obviously we need are
all over the walls everywhere and downs
and pictures yeah that's what that's
what I've worried I want the vibe of
this place to just be like Comfort hang
out if any of the youtubers want to come
here and film videos here they can do
that it would just be cool yeah food has
just arrived we ordered it in my office
I don't know if I told you so that it
would be here when we arrived at the
poppy Insurance
got so much good stuff it is Friday
night which kind of means takeaway kind
of guys I forgot I'm going out for
dinner and I've just ordered dinner and
it's like I said oh just snack now and
then snack after dinner as well because
I told you do you know how hard you
chase on his way here now on the train
and then
Carolyn and Sarah currently in Brighton
but they're not free until about
half-past seven or eight so they're on
their way kind of issue as well and then
Zoe might be coming I'm not sure if
she's busy or not we're all gonna go out
for dinner those guys are going to come
and see my office play some table tennis
and then I think we're gonna get four
drinks and they're gonna go out clubbin
I just don't really I do not feel like
don't live in tonight and I've got to
film a main Channel video tomorrow so no
plumbing for me mine looks so good
looking your salad as well
Sean's half chicken his like literally
half a chicken rubbish
just like lettuce yeah but this is
amazing I also got some chips
good bye I know you're coming with me
Polly's here as well
we've got some cocktails cheers guys
yeah
food is arrived trace smash taste nearly
done I've got some calamari and a little
meat platter and we've got these for the
just for everyone and so Holly it's got
maybe called you Zoe then police got
burger and calamari as well how are
happier the calamari Tunis challenge
no drinks the three minutes
as your heart
is that bad
guys I've just got home now after meal
and drinks with a load of friends and
Calum and Sarah Kevin met Alison some
college friends came as well my braces
are hurting so much because I just put
in new ones and they're really rubbing
on my tongue it doesn't normally do this
I don't know why it's doing it yeah at
such a good night the time is 20 minutes
past 1:00 in the morning it is super
super late but I hope you enjoyed
today's video I hope you're excited
about my office I am so excited I showed
Holly in Chaya and they both loved and
Joe and I played table tennis and yeah I
need to go upstairs and put an honour to
bed now because going on a boat or sleep
in bed will catch you tomorrow thank you
so much for watching I love you so much
cool
