good morning guys today is photo shoot
day two and I'm super super super Oh
neither is excited she's just literally
going crazy running around like a nutter
and yeah there's not really much else to
say
I've got about half an hour to I need to
hit the train station to meet Matt the
photographer who you guys saw yesterday
I will try and feel more today for you
and we're going to go up to a place
called stammer Park and try and shoot
some photos in the woods for this little
bit and hopefully they're going to be
good so that's about it
and if you get some breakfast before we
go man I've just got to stand apart for
location shoot number one we found a
tree that we like the look of this tree
here or get we're gonna shoot in here
alright another shot that we're doing is
me walking along this log it's not
really gonna work out well considering
I've got the flattest slippery shoes on
in the world oh I know mr. doggy ah just
sitting there you waiting for somebody
hello hello hello and that is a wrap as
you can tell I am now at home nobody
else's home I'm home alone there was
nobody here that is so rare we normally
have at least Zoe I and probably about
two other people in the house at any
time we always have so many meetings
here
but it's just me which is really really
nice I've got a bit of a sniffle he
knows today like I don't know if I'm
getting he'll I hope I'm not getting ill
and the photo shoot went crazy well
finished everything up we think we got
all the images we needed I just cannot
wait for you guys to see what it is for
because it's going to be good and I know
you guys are gonna love it
Nullah you gonna love it hmm you gonna
love it are you now I haven't at lunch
and I don't know the only thing we've
really got is fruit and pasta we need to
go like food shopping for stuff like
chicken and meat
food like proper food that I can cook
this is the only thing we've really got
this and I don't really feel like cheesy
pasta Oh someone's at the door who's
that our door you wait here
no running outside look where we are
we're back this time not with Maxima
visa he's big himself up enough he says
he's the one he's the king
you need better the max alright no one
here what is it no one else here
right
Tom joy so how it's done is embarrass
we're gonna have a little competition
want me to go for this little yellow one
here or should we go the big square one
no it's not oh pretty close I didn't see
where what are we going for this big
square basket over here there in the
middle flat yeah yeah way too high
Nick sure you won't know we're
embarrassing finished up playing golf
and I am now back home as you can tell
and we are off for a meal so Zoey has
been in a meeting all day with Maddie
and Dom and Angela you guys know all
three of those people and now we're all
getting off for dinner together which is
lovely I don't know if I've been wearing
a bit too bit too bright colors today
for one an orange coat with a red
t-shirts my - my clothes my outfit twist
look a bit standing out all right your
hair you excited you know the others
jumped in a taxi and we came in our
cross open
in those gosh net they run in the
marathon I love the interior of this
place
human burger has arrived got some
spinach all right we're back home we're
having a pamper session Maddy Zoe and I
buy we do me first cause anything we're
all in our pajamas I got some new
tracksuit bottoms the other day and
apparently is this a blue face mask or
anything is this one gonna burn my skin
remember I did one once with Tyler oh
can it literally felt like I was on fire
this is origins for any of your viewers
that would like to know mm-hmm
origins after trouble smells good I hate
putting face mask on a beard just feels
like it shouldn't it's not right
Doubtfire were just a minds so nice and
cold is yours no it's really nice and
cut my field I've got like cold mint and
cucumber my niche Lizzie Oliver I'm
joking my burning my face up we are
going down to watch fake off the British
Bake Off dinner was delicious by the way
didn't really feel much but I just
showed you what we had it's been like 15
minutes or so there's now time to wash
off the face mask this looks like we're
like a doing like a get ready with me
night time at night looks like some like
creepy like horror show like it's weird
I've taken half of mine off now I got
the other half to do or finished
we'll get my skin feels lovely tune it
fills all smooth and probably looks
really really shiny but that's just
because come another let's go downstairs
probably just because I've put on some
ones that we did put some moisturizer on
me as well come here little one you've
got you're treating your mouth you're
gonna go see Maddie and then you go take
it to your best friend Maddie go and you
go dribble it on her lap nope that's my
seat little sleepyhead
are you tired no no you know
eyes are just closed haha she got it was
their way hi guys we just finished
watching a program that I didn't I think
I watched like half of the last episode
and then or the previous episode and
then this one just now was the last act
web so what was it called dr. Foster if
he haven't seen dr. Foster I've read you
much one and a half absurd but they were
the last ones is the sickest show unless
you need to go check it out I think it
was because it didn't give a teaser to
the next episode concluding all right
I'm gonna end my vlog down here because
we'll it she's gonna for knowledge but
now Maddie's gone to bed and then we're
gonna go to bed so thank you for
watching today guys I hope you enjoyed
it I hope you're excited with photo
shoot photos and everything and yet what
we did work on meeting tomorrow from
9:00 to 12:00 and then after that I
don't know what I'm doing so we'll try
to do something fun give the video
thumbs if you enjoyed it also I put up
two videos last night I did one called
how to stay motivated and then one about
form is just a daily blog which is
called something along the lines of how
to not get your iPhone stolen something
like that can't remember exactly what I
call that but yeah I'll get you two more
guys see you don't model cool
