hey guys now I don't really know where
I'm going to go with this video the
cameras already wobbling for a start
let's stop that he's still yeah are you
still I think you're still um but I only
like doing these videos where I just sit
down let me get comfortable from in it
let me sit on my foot then I might I
find that comfy I occasionally like to
just sit down and have chats with you
guys with no editing I'm trying to lock
my phone lock there we go
with no editing at all and just having
like a wall chat wall chat that sounds
weird by the way you buy a mean war I
mean like now I'm already tempted to
start again and edit but I'm not going
to and you guys get you guys know what I
mean I did probably read 360 recently
and you guys seem to love that so I just
asked on Facebook what kind of topics
you want me to talk about and what what
stuff you want me to cover and obviously
I'm not some advice guru what I say
might be a load of rubbish to you it
might help one of you and if and that's
out one of you and it literally nudges
you to do one thing that you weren't
gonna do that you want to do or
something along those lines then this is
worth it even got like pauses to to have
a drink and I'm not even gonna edit
those out and I've made some notes today
on what I'm gonna talk about I just
asked on Facebook and one of the most
popular things was confidence as well as
what was the exact wording let me just
see your tweet I've got it on my lap you
wanna miss your facebook comment down
here what keeps you motivated to keep
going and keeping your head up that's
wrong
kyla or kira and there's sixty two
thumbs up and so today I thought I would
answer those ones and the other one the
confidence one was wrong Mozie or maza
sorry it's hard to play out some of your
names more I don't just not I don't know
which way you pronounce them um so I've
written a few notes and I've decided to
split that into two different categories
now with being motivated you've you've
you've got two different options I see
it one is being motivated to do
something that you love now the other is
motivated to do something that you do
not love doing for example if you do not
like science and you have
science exam that you have to sit very
fairly soon then you're gonna have to
revise and you're gonna have to motivate
to revise that topic that you don't
enjoy to be able to do well which you
have to do and or the other option is be
motivated and stay motivated something
that you love doing which is obviously
gonna be a lot easier but I just thought
I would give you guys some tips and some
advice from my experience of how to stay
motivated and confident in those things
yeah that is right so let's start with
something that you have to do that you
don't love so one of the easy ways that
I've always found to stay motivated and
do something that I don't love is
setting goals like very very clear goals
from the start so for example if you
have to read this entire book lit here
by the end of the week then divide it by
pages and give yourself an amount that
you have to do like a realistic amount
let's make sure these goals are
realistic because there is nothing worse
than failing a goal that you thought you
assumed you were going to be able to
achieve because that just sucks so make
sure that they're realistic and
obviously if it's something that you
don't like doing then that's even more
important because you're spending your
time do something that you don't enjoy
doing so the last thing you want to do
is fail after spending your time doing
it so make sure your goals are realistic
like maybe the way which I used to do
that with revision for some topics that
I didn't enjoy so much
I would revise 40 minutes then have a 20
minute gap off then revise 40 minutes
the number 20 minute gap off and I'll do
that like a couple of times every single
day or I'd try to anyway I wasn't the
best at revising but I tried setting
goals
eliminate distractions I've got written
down which is very very important so
like I said you've got to like with the
40 minutes there's no point being like
sitting here on my phone and being like
oh okay I've only got 25 minutes left do
that question do a little bit more like
you've got to properly work in the time
that you set yourself to work eliminate
all the distractions and if that means
the Stockton's I can't even speak if
that means putting your phone on
airplane mode or giving it to a parent
or giving it to friend
and I'm not just about providing him
talk about anything you love doing here
I mean that you don't love doing here
and you're working on get rid of all the
distractions because you're just wasting
your own time you may as well just have
the time off and enjoy it if you're just
going to be distracted the entire time
like if you're sitting in the classroom
or a lecture hall or wherever you're
doing or a work meeting and you've got
to listen to learn the thing and you're
sitting there on your phone or you're
talking to your friend realistically
you're not listening like you may as
well not be in the room because you're
not taking it in so you're probably
better off just doing something else
instead if you're literally not gonna
listen so if you're taking the time to
go all the way to class and sit in the
classroom or go there to the meeting and
sit in the meeting room the smallest
amount of effort you could possibly do
it just be to do the work because you've
already got there so yeah do that that's
a good one for the start and be
confident you've got to be confident in
what you're doing
there's no point yourself from the start
being like I'm gonna fail this size exam
I don't know why I'm doing it but I have
to do it because you've already told
yourself you've already set yourself up
to fail if you're prepared to fail fail
to prepare because wait I just turned
that wrong if you if you if you fail to
prepare prepared to fail that is the
right one guys
if you fail to prepare prepare to fail
that's the one that's what I'm used to
tell me when I was younger and Oh mom
I've caught put them in English exam
tomorrow and I haven't done enough
revisions you'd like what did you
prepare yourself and I'll be like well
not knowing it as much as I should off
she'd be like with them prevent to fail
like realistically if you fail to
prepare yeah so be confident in yourself
tell yourself that you're gonna do it
and believe that you're gonna do it not
just tell yourself because if you're
putting the work in you want to succeed
so just do it even if it's something you
don't like we all want to do well we all
do want to do well what were you say it
or not I'm telling you I know deep
inside even if you revise ten minutes
and you tell yourself you're gonna fail
then why are you even revising that ten
minutes you avoid you told yourself
you're gonna fail make it fun I've put
try and make whatever you don't like
doing as fun as
possible and even if that means having
to give yourself a reward like in a
tropical above every hour you avoid okay
maybe not eating the talking about every
hour you're advised I'm not I'm not
saying do that okay I'm not saying do
that but I'm just saying
give yourself some kind of reward you've
got to you've got to make it fun but if
you enjoy drawing and you've got a
science a level exam coming up then
blimmin draw the molecules and draw like
everything out if you enjoy painting the
paint them out if you enjoy using the
computer and spending your time in your
computer then do the revision on the
computer I don't know just make it as
engaging as fun as possible for you to
do whatever you need to do and and I'm
not just about revising here because I
know that some of you watching this
won't be revising some of you may be
adults and just to wear anything in your
life if you've got to do something you
don't like doing try and make it as fun
as possible even if that's working in
the shop and you hate working in that
shop and you just got to serve boring
customers every day make it fun
challenge yourself to put in like funny
words like wash you're serving people
set yourself a list if say yourself you
and your friends are working there like
a list of words that each of you have to
put into the conversation with the
customer without them realize it like
you could be serving somebody and you
have to say the word pineapple three
times without them I don't know I don't
know mate whatever you're doing fun
that's very important and take time off
is my not one of my last points on their
time off but we've already spoken about
that saying I used to spent 20 minutes
out every 40 minutes of revision now if
it isn't that you'd love this is
obviously a lot more easy I put down
here in my first bullet point is spend
all of your spare time doing this thing
if you've already found something
something something something that you
love doing I'm getting to drive that
formula that you love doing and you love
spending your spare time doing then
bloom and do it all the time you
possibly can and that doesn't mean while
she meant to be doing things that you
don't like do it do those as well but
all your spare time follow
passion and just put all your time into
doing that thing I can't express that
enough the amount of people that I speak
to that are in jobs that they don't
enjoy but don't spend any less better
I'm working on things that they do enjoy
trying to make that their job almost is
insane
like I to so many people that are like I
work 9:00 to 5:00 and I absolutely hate
it and I understand that I've worked
jobs before that I don't like and I know
I'm very very very fortunate for this
YouTube thing to be my job and I love it
so much but I put for example all of my
spare time all of my spare time I had to
in school and college and whilst I was
working in a retail shop like a clothing
shop in town I put all of my spare time
into making these videos just hoping
that something could come from it and I
didn't even know when I started it could
be a job but if you love painting or if
you love skateboarding or whatever is
kayaking or filmmaking or drawing or
creating music put all of your time into
doing that amazingly like absolutely
amazingly and you never know honestly
one day that could be your job like
that's realistic it's not unrealistic it
may be hard but it's not unrealistic so
spend all your time you can't sit there
and say I really really want to be a
painter when I'm older and I want that
to be my full-time job an artist and
then you work 9:00 to 5:00 and then in
your time off you don't bother painting
you just enjoy doing it you want it to
be a job you don't bother practicing you
both don't want there doing it spend all
your time doing that and get amazing it
like life is like a big competition
almost like if you don't put that time
in you've got to think somebody else
will and somebody else is gonna snatch
up that job you wants it just as much as
you that puts in more time than you so
you've got to put all your time into
doing that thing that you want and may
get I don't know you guys get what I
mean for now I said set goals as well
because obviously you've got you've got
aims you've got places where you know
where you wonder what you want to be
what you
have and have goals so that you can feel
that along the way you're accomplishing
things whilst you're doing what you love
that is amazing that there's nothing
better than achieving what you love be
confident in yourself again don't doubt
yourself don't think are but this won't
ever be my job say this is gonna be my
beloved job this is gonna be what I do
this thing that I love doing this gaming
on my computer I love it I'm gonna be a
videogames Testament no older I'm gonna
do that like that's it that's all that's
in my head even though I have a job now
that I don't enjoy that it's gonna be it
and tell yourself is gonna be it do it
this one is super super cool that I I
was recently on a talk with a man of
look so you be most you probably do know
he it's called Melvyn Bragg and he said
something let them really really stuck
with me in that talking I don't know if
he'd realized that at the time I was
like I love that man that is amazing but
it really really stuck with me and it
was two simple words actually it was
like five
he said journey is talking it was talk
on confidence we were doing he said fail
fail fail and fail better
and that that may just sound like really
simple G but that really really stuck
with me because it really pushed the
idea that even though you're failing at
what you want to do you can still fail
better than how you failed before and
that is very important so every time you
fail it doesn't matter that you're
failing then what matters is that you're
trying but feel better than you
previously failed and I think that is
just awesome
failing better I don't know I that
that's to stop me and I know it always
well I think that's sick so the the tiny
chance that you're watching mr. Bragg
thank you for saying those words around
me because it stuck with me and the last
thing I thought is challenge yourself I
think this is really important because
even though you do something you love is
easy to just slip into like a false
sense of like security they're not oh I
really enjoyed doing this but you've
still got to push yourself you've still
got to work your butt off just because
it is have you loved
I mean it's any easier than doing
something you hate that doesn't matter
at all you've got to push yourself as
much as you would as if you do something
you hate and just go for it as much as
you possibly can
set yourself goals challenge yourself
and yeah I I don't know I don't I
haven't thought about how to round this
up at all and in this this talk well I
say talk but I've done a professional
talk this little rant this chat with you
guys isn't about revising isn't about
school or college it's not about making
something your job even that made sound
like that this is about anything in life
like I don't know relationships like if
your relationships not very can working
very well you can't expect to just get
better like put time into doing it that
sounded so bad I'm gonna put time into
making it better like the relationship
yeah I don't really know how to end this
now that's about it if there's any other
topics the only to talk about guys let
me know in the comments this might have
been a pile of rubbish and I'm sorry if
I've wasted how long 14 minutes of your
time I'm very very sorry but even if
this has helped one person pursue a
passion and a dream and put right put
the right amount of effort into it and I
deny you guys know I mean if this has
helped you've been one person change
their mind about something or work on
something then they don't enjoy harder
than what they're previously doing then
that is worth it and I hope you enjoyed
the video if you did you guys know what
to do give it a big ol thumbs up to let
me know let me know some other topics
and they're in the description bye let
me know if there's anyone that you'd
like me to do one of these talks with
and don't just say Zoey because she's my
girlfriend
and I've done three two or three of
these talks from Louie you guys know
Louie fun for Louie and because he's
just really he's a really he thinks
about things on a very deep level and I
love that I think I'm a lot deeper than
what people think I am as well I think
about things very deeply as a person so
yeah let me know if there's anybody else
that you'd like me to do one of these
talks with maybe like Marcus on health
like health and eating and work you know
because he is obviously like transformed
his life from like me an average Joe
into being some fitness health man which
is awesome or anybody I don't know
anybody even if it's like my mum anybody
my grandma actually identified filming a
video of my grandma but yeah anyways
guys I hope you enjoyed the video I'm
sorry if I wasted your time but I hope
it's helped at least one or two of you
if not more and let me know what you
guys think as well in the comments have
a little talk in the comments between
you guys I'll read some of your comments
I might jump in and join the
conversation as well and yeah hope you
just enjoyed this X little video I'll
catch you soon bye
