good morning guys how you doing today we
are out and about invite and I will
support the most vibrant standing our
orange coat in the world yesterday as
you know today I'm off to a photo shoot
or though the weather I mean it's not
bringing in so it's not too bad but it's
not the nicest right now so don't know
what we're gonna be able to shoot what
we're not gonna go to shoot we're just
gonna try and yet the best photos we can
for what we need which I'm not going to
tell you what it is until it's ready
because it's super exciting and yeah I'm
just excited for the day so we're using
my office as like a central hub for the
photo shoot I've got all my clothes
packed up what we're about to do now
I've got some shoes down here this is
what about to take out about with us and
then this here is all ready to use for
other shoots this is going to be sick
the Sun is just coming out as well it is
looking good it's meant to be raining
all day today but look and get blinded
it's such nerds weather look us honey
can't even see guys it's sunny which is
good and I'm with Matt can you see him
yeah you can see him we're going to take
here we just sorted it out now nice in
the camera actually nice oh yeah swish
shooting here on this little boat still
not tell you what for but look at the
weather it's becoming nice again we've
worked out that if anything bad happens
it's better to have on camera so what
we're going to do is we're going to
shoot a picture on these rail tracks
rail whatever they're called here we
think this one might be live these two
aren't going to be because you can walk
on these as you do the crossing I think
this one's going to be electric I don't
even know if it's going on would you
think is it worth the risk
shall I touch it first to see what
should we just leave it
I just leave it let's try and shoot it
whirring yeah the potential life I'll be
trolled if I kill you won't even be
filmed it would just be photographed
yeah we survived the tracks both still
alive dijo I finished up the photo shoot
it went so well I didn't really film too
much of it because as I've said 12 times
in this video I don't want to give away
what it's for what is to do web or
anything like that so I didn't feel much
of it something crap just happened guys
my sister just called me off of one of
her friends phones to tell me that she
just she was having lunch of her friends
in like pret or Starbucks or somewhere
like that
she went to the toilet and somebody came
up to the come up to her friends and was
like hey do you want to buy a big issue
which is a newspaper that often people
who live on the street sell to to make a
living which is a lovely thing I often
buy air and purchase it just to help
them out and they they said oh no sorry
we don't it's not really fast no thank
you and I don't know if you remember but
a while ago somebody came up to me when
I was having sushi with my dad in London
and they are cut how can I explain that
let me grab this here to show you and
they came up to me but we pretend this
is a newspaper and that's my phone there
on the table in the restaurant and he
was a odd you want do you want to buy
this / this not only the news I you sure
you want to buy this and then as he
pulls it away
he's got your phone underneath the
newspaper and I grabbed his wrist and I
knew what was going on people used to do
it to me in like we sure as a joke in
school to each other and stealing each
other's phones and the texts people
offer them and stuff and I grabbed his
rest and he dropped it and then just ran
away and then my sisters just now in
London somebody has just done it to them
and they didn't catch them in time and
they've gone so which sucks my sister
has just had her mobile phone stolen
which means that we've had to lie
the SIM card and it's gone off a friend
finder like they've turned the phone off
so we can't find it on friend finder
it's not connected to the Internet the
police have just asked for like there
all the numbers and registration stuff
and I've been on the phone to three and
it sucks so she's now in London with no
mobile and she called me off for one of
my friends phones it just it's so simple
and annoying that little trick so please
please please if you're watching this
you're in a restaurant you're anywhere
do not put your phone your wallet your
keys your glasses anything on the table
it is so easy for people to steal it
guys like I put it in a video recently
and then it's just happened to my sister
it is insane if somebody ever comes up
to you people often do it and they
pretend that they're working for the
restaurant and they'll give you a menu
and then underneath the menu they take
back like your mobile and stuff like
that and you don't realize until 10
seconds and after 10 seconds they are
gone they're out of there which sucks so
please please please if you're watching
this and somebody ever tries to offer to
sell you something at a restaurant be
careful they might not but they could be
trying to steal your stuff it's not
worth that it sucks it's just happened
to my sister so I'm now going to go up
to town and I'm currently my office as
you guys can tell really good news all
my office furniture is set for my desks
all my other office furniture is
arriving on Friday and I am so excited
so starting on Friday I think like a
more-or-less start working here from
Friday that's so cool
kind of I haven't got my desks but
everything else yes so I'm gonna pop up
to town now and try and get my sister's
SIM card for her because she's coming
back to Brighton tonight and they'd be
awesome to already have a SIM card
waiting for her when she gets back and
as well as that I also got a spare
iPhone 6 because as you guys know I got
the new iPhone the other day so I've got
my old iPhone which isn't being used so
fingers crossed if I can get a SIM card
now for her and
one and I've got my old iPhone I can go
home and back it all up so that when she
gets the train back tonight home back to
Brighton she can come past mine and I
literally have her phone there a set
from like a new version that's the aim
stolen phones suck if you ever steal
something of somebody you're horrible
person is this a nasty thing to do go
get a job don't be stealing people's
stuff to make money
that's disgusting like really made my
sister earn that why don't you pay like
that bloomin expensive and that guy
thinks he has the whites just going to
steal it I swear some people guys have I
told you that I'm back home oh you just
went nah her up she was so asleep guys
I'm back home now I've sorted out what
my sisters contract and her phone and
everything pouch is really really really
good so that's all sorted now everything
fixed asset from that idiot has still
got her old phone damn you idiot have I
told you guys that I've started playing
some game please stop singing in my vlog
please source and stop zobo where am I
oh well somebody else's place I'm sorry
playing some game recently and this
isn't I'm not paid to say this called
what's it called sorry Township called
Township and Zoe and I basically had got
a competition where we're not allowed to
spend any money real money on the game
and we're seeing who can be the highest
level she's currently one level ahead of
me loads of you guys have added me in
the game and I helping me out so thank
you for that yeah that's about it we
haven't had dinner yet it's 20 to 9:00
my photo shoot went so good today for
having already told you guys that enough
what you been up to you little one how
did it go you made cupcakes and I would
eat them one and then we got little one
down here asleep I wish I could explain
what my hair
literally filled like small because I've
got so much hair in the day for the
photo shoot
I've just had I loaded the photo sent
back to me and I'm so happy with how
they turned out like I'm so so happy
tomorrow we've got they two of the photo
shoot which I'm super excited about we
don't need to get as many pictures
tomorrow as we did today it's gonna be
sick it's gonna be cool whatever I'm
doing with the pictures that I'm not
going to tell you about yet it's gonna
be awesome and I'm so excited
what bones should we have today that one
is extremely literal although this one
looks cool never seen that one before I
don't really want one with glitter on it
because then I find that it's just all
over my body afterwards these are all or
is that so that might be so
all this one I like
I'm going to put it in while the box is
running I don't know if I'm going to use
all of it if I'm not I'm very sorry Zoe
I've just used all of that well maybe
it's not a fast one maybe is not how
it's obviously not a bath bomb it's like
a soap or something it's not fizz in or
is it a bath or make a mint to break
under there ah yo yo yo yo yo that was
hot am I meant to do this some of them
you're meant to do I hope this wasn't a
so I'm gonna get in the bath in a second
guys I am so excited because tonight
we've got fresh clean bed sheets and
there is nothing better than getting in
a bed with clean bed sheets it's like my
favorite thing ever I don't know what to
do about food because we haven't at
dinner and I'm hungry and I should have
eaten I might make some pasta after the
bath so that's what I might do right I'm
gonna go get in the bath just going
downstairs putting on a little bit I've
slipped Rick all my hair back I've
combed it all back so I probably look
like when I used to wear the hairband
just take you know like to go to the
toilet I'm literally standing out here
just in my boxers but it is so nice it's
such a nice like fresh evening and I
love getting out of the bath although
this may sound weird because I know a
lot of people don't like it I love
getting up a bar and then being freezing
cold and then when I get into bed it's
like ah the best feeling ever coming all
that quickly hurry up come on go to the
toilet all right guys
it is currently like 20 minutes past
12:00 at night I haven't no idea why
filmed today so I'm super sorry that
today's vlog was a short one I hope
you've enjoyed the longer ones recently
there have been quite a few long ones
for you and yeah I just didn't really
feel much of the photo shoot because I
don't want to give away what the photos
were and tomorrow
I've caught fire to shoot most of the
day
I will try and film more tomorrow
without giving the photos away so then
you might Timaeus video will be a
failure on one because I know that this
one wasn't very long anyways I'm gonna
end the vlog because I need to be up
early so I need to edit the daily vlog
before I'd go for the photoshoot I've
said photoshoot so many times and need
to go to sleep yeah I am so tired I
catch you look at my hat what is that
bet do it I'll catch you tomorrow guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it go check out my new main
channel video I'll leave a link to it
down below if you haven't seen it
already I'll catch you tomorrow good
