good morning
I know hello Missy today is going to be
a super productive day woke up pretty
early today and then you say oh no
thanks for kissing my eyeball I've
already uploaded today's main channel
video which went up yesterday for you
guys so I hope you enjoyed that if
you've seen it if you haven't it is up
those new here why are you so crazy she
is literally going crazy
I've already done a load of emails about
future merchandise which is really
really exciting I have been all calm now
I'm glad to go out to town now because I
need to do some shopping for the
photoshoot that I have tomorrow now
unfortunately the weather is the worst
weather it has literally been in like
two weeks and it's meant to be a storm
tomorrow and my photoshoot is outside
and it's also meant to be rained in the
next day and my third shoot is outside
I've got a tool a photo shoot it is
planning like meant to be raining both
of those days which is it's great isn't
it gnarley' that's good we wanted it to
rain didn't we I didn't really it is
raining
so much outside guys oh my gosh I'm so
glad that were the shops that want to go
to inside today
all right it is time to try on got three
different styles of jeans all in the
same size for three different styles
need to see which one fits the best and
then this t-shirt just I've already got
one of these home just plain white you
know just plain white teeth
these are lip leggings I don't know how
I've been able to get this off oh oh my
gosh it's not the tightest thing i legit
cut get off oh I didn't plan on buying
any new shoes I've got these ones I hope
you guys know I love these that this
black-on-black looks so good the
Christmas bastards own I bought Sean one
of these which is basically like it's a
map of the world and then you scratch
out with a coin where you've been it's
so cool it's like a poster but I think
it looks sick in my office I got it and
then framed it in my office I can get
snow
literally what like 100 meters my bags
already ripped and broken awesome I know
I shouldn't guys but I need to try this
out so I managed to get this even though
all of my shopping bags read don't if
you saw thank you so much Urban
Outfitters actually probably is my fault
because I did have quite a lot in either
bag I had like three pairs of jeans and
one of them but both my Urban Outfitters
bags ripped so I was like holding
everything like this whilst walking
around town but I still managed to get
this which apparently is the new
Halloween burglar I have no idea all I
saw is that it is it has a black bum and
it looked cold so I had to get it and
had to try it out it shouldn't be eating
unhealthy food but if it's a Halloween
special you can't blame me oh my gosh it
looks so sick
nothing way that's literally crazy okay
I'm gonna pop you guys up there so that
I can put the lighting doesn't look very
good and let me turn on to have a light
is that better oh not in focus right I'm
just gonna pop you guys up here wants to
open this so that I can assure you in
better quality what it looks like look
at this it is literally a black but I've
never seen a bug in this color what is
this Zoey you need to see this burger it
is crazy
check this burger out
how crazy is that
of course it's food weird isn't it
I don't know didn't try some okay back
downstairs
Zoe doesn't want to try me putting you
guys back into this camera wash so tire
I'm like scared to bite into it is it
just food coloring or zip the whole of
the inside is like black that is crazy
no I don't want to eat all of that look
at its unhealthy I just wanted to try it
I wanted to try a black burger now I can
say that I've done that taking that off
my bucket list in life don't judge my
own guys after wearing a hat over I just
improvements of it's so funny though we
need to tell you the story of that we've
never told you me it's my camera on the
right setting it's not one no probably
looks no difference but where's my hat
gone oh here is yeah right sorry we need
to tell them a story we need to honest
with Hillary what word did you just say
that I laughed out joy how did you say
it joy so what did that make me think of
I don't know the word boy that makes me
think of what I no idea what you're on
about I really don't do we explain or
not yes
is it weird guys is too far to tell you
why five minutes to money video goes
live so we have fun to explain your
story I feel like this is two guys for
the internet nothing's to the internet
right so Alfie was like oh your toenails
quite long because I get just I'll just
bite them I think but no I didn't I did
I bite my nails I vest and stuff and I
was like yeah I do like a monkey boy
it's gross but it's easy you know I know
I said Zoe then we caught you in death
Zoe said no bite them I'm biting her
toes of what happened are you sure like
how you bite your own nails so I had a
boy Nate I'm not like I have no toenail
we called it a boy toe not obviously
said all boys toenails are like this or
galvers like this obviously you guys
we're not saying that but like I bit too
sure no not too sure that it is painful
but like how my thumb is now let the
nail goes exactly rough I got really
explained you and then I was like you're
not doing the other one you've ruined it
so I have one long toenail I'm one boy
toenail and I called it my tog yeah who
called your other one the tallow on
which is like a
like a lot of the guys anyways I've got
two minutes now till my I'm glad you
decided to share that why did I tell
them that I'd the dough is just funny
but two minutes to run everything as
I've so I need to get on the laptop and
tweet it Facebook getting stopped so I
catch you in a bit
goodbye little nugget I see you later on
tonight
goodbye II I haven't told you guys he
was here he was coming for dinner look
at this I've got one cocktail for me and
a meat platter cocktail and a vegetarian
Hatter but it's not poppy is mr. jealous
Jay yeah Jay came all the way from
London just now just to come for dinner
run the train I've got the trailer you
made it look at this row and this is
only our starter really yeah thank you
so much
the food has arrived I got some salmon
pasta I'm not allowed tomatoes so get
out of there mister Tomatoes got some
funky fries don't know why the funky
Jamie why your fire is funky let me know
Trey got the biggest dish in the world
thank you so much so we finished up
dinner which was delicious delicious and
then we just went for a drink you know
with Holly you guys all know Holly and a
load of her work friends which was cool
although I didn't have a drink because
I've got you up early for this photo
shoot tomorrow morning so I didn't drink
anything so any quite late so we won't
be staying there for too long we're
going in I'm not allowed to film in here
so I'm gonna have to leave you guys here
all right you stay here imagine if I did
that just left my camera we've just
thought well guys I've got to be quiet
because none of is asleep over there so
he is asleep upstairs together good
evening that's fine she came out up
he beat the casino I lost at the casino
but it doesn't matter
overall we didn't lose anything which is
the most important thing and yeah it's
good to be back in Brighton bro it's
good to be back it's gonna come back so
you nothing we're gonna hang out on
Friday yeah Friday Friday so I hope you
enjoyed the vlog guys to give it a
thumbs up if you did I will catch you
tomorrow when I'm doing a photo shoot
the zubur they I've got to be up in like
seven hours I'll see you then good
