good I'm joking guys I do not not not
not deserve to be able to say my
introduction today it is going to the
first day since like remember that I'm
not going to say the introduction
because I'll get up your honest review
it let me put you down
it is currently ten minutes past 7:00 in
the evening ten minutes per severed I
woke up today at what time did I set my
lawn five minutes past eight ten minutes
past eight got out got no light of bed
and just got on with the day and it's
been super super long I've done lots of
good things I went to town with my
sister and Shawn I had lunch in town and
I also had kind of another lunch here at
home with Zoe and then I was like
sorting out all my daily vlog would
choose one that went up last night for
you guys shorting out the gaming video
that also went up last night for you
guys and now I've just got I've got to
sort out my main channel videos still
but it doesn't look like I'm going to be
able to get that done tonight for me
which is so so annoying because sunday
is my main channel upload day as you
guys all know on my well I say main
channel it's like I call it my main
youtube channel because it was the first
one is the original but I uploaded on
this videos on this channel seven times
more I even upload three times more on
my gaming channel than I do my main
channel so I don't really feel like
calling it my main channel I just feel
like calling it like the sit-down
channel like where I do like one video a
week that kind of it's the channel with
the most subscribers that's probably why
it's called the main channel but this
channel gets more views more videos so I
don't really know anyways I thought I'd
show you what I bought in town because I
haven't started the blog yet are into
this little place called whistles let's
open it up see what I got I actually
poppy had to pay for it because my card
my card wouldn't work so I poppy the
money for this please remind me in the
comments because I'll probably forget
that de nada I love this hat bomb and as
you guys know whenever I don't do my
hair like
having on my hair look at it having up
my hair today I just put on my hat so I
kind of went in or Shawn rung me and
said Alfie in whistles they've got your
hat the same one because obviously I've
got the red one from whistles but in
green and it's really nice
come and get it so I went and got it and
I don't this is going to a heavier and
that might need to need to make it a bit
bigger I've got big old head so got a
red one and the green one never blue one
on their website that I've actually I've
literally got here that blue one added
to my basket on their website but I
haven't ordered it yet because my card
my credit cards messing up in the moment
I don't my debit card then I have a
credit card is messing up at the moment
so I I can't order anything online which
is annoying but you know that's a whole
nother story and this I also got this in
town and this is all I want to do in
this video of you today I mean I said I
want to do I don't really know what what
it's going to do this um and that's just
the shopper got a problem
are you ready I don't know why I bought
this I literally went into like a kid
shop I saw it and I was like I have to
get this this is just the coolest thing
I don't know if you guys have seen this
before if anyone's ever used it in a
video
I don't probably not because it's
literally for like small parts not for
children under three okay so it's for
like three and four-year-olds the kids
in the picture and literally like three
years old the only way in which I can
describe it is it's kind of like
polystyrene that sticks together that is
coloured this is the orange color so you
can basically just like squeeze it into
like any shape and color it's just loads
of little sticky balls I don't really
know why I bought it I just I just did
so this is this is the orange one and
then obviously you get all the different
colors so I'm going to try and make
something cool I don't know what I'm
gonna make yet I don't really kind of
just realize that I don't know why I
bought this I can't not it likes it
though don't you wheeze it can you see
how the gun little head waiter
why did I buy this stop what even is
that all right I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna go for it
ah
woody what even is this look at it it
smells good and it looked good okay
maybe this was a good purchase this was
such a good purchase poor let's try and
make a pizza I do fully understand that
this toy was literally for like
two-year-olds
so I mean I don't really know what I was
expecting
neither is so scared of it come here I
don't really know what else we can do
with this stuff is probably the most
random worst purchase I mean it's cool
there's just nothing you can do with
that like this is it
I have literally just finished editing
all of my videos for tonight I haven't
even spoken to Zoey really this evening
is currently 12th at in the evening on
Sunday actually now technically as
Monday isn't it um I didn't get a
mention of video up tonight I can't even
remember why vlogged early on today
because I've just been literally like
done a lot of typing all evening
no not type I can't even speak not
typing editing we'll even know the
computer like to drive and yeah I think
I mention a video up but I've just
finished one now - got tomorrow the same
days you are watching this if you're
watching this the main channel video is
out there'll be a link down below
finally it is a little bit weird it's
like a spin-off of something that I did
last year it's like a complete joke just
a bit of fun so go show some love I know
some people are going to be like what is
this this is rubbish you can go say that
if you want but it's just a bit of fun
and so go show some love to that that we
really really nice I've also just filmed
and edited
a-another vidiots got from this YouTube
channel you guys know that I like to do
I like to do those videos where just
don't edit them at all and just have a
chat with you about like a deep topic
give you guys some advice and this video
is titled how to stay motivated and it's
just about motivation and confidence I
did a video like this a couple of weeks
ago of Louie in 360 you probably saw it
got it's got a lot of you scrubbing with
3 million views or something and so to
start to another little deep jacqui
video which is which is nice I really
really enjoy those and you guys asked
for that topic on Facebook so I did that
now beginning up over the next couple of
days as well i legit think today I've
looked at screen more in one day than I
ever have in my entire life and I used
to game a lot when I was younger I've
just been editing editing editing
because I feel that my my daily vlogs
are really really really enjoying my
daily vlogs in the moment like I love
living with you guys down I love this
channel actually I want you guys over
here put you guys on my cup I love this
channel so much and you're watching this
right now but because I spend so long
every single day making these videos as
well as doing that meetings for like
merchandise and books and just so much
stuff that I'm not even allowed to even
speak about yet and I'm not trying to be
like oh look at this is I can't reveal
it yet but there are so many things that
people do as a youtuber outside of their
videos as well as trying to live like a
normal life like tonight I didn't get my
main channel video up on time I still
did upload a daily vlog and a gaming
video so still two videos in one night
and I'm getting so many tweets from
people saying things that we shouldn't
have gone to play golf with Max
yesterday should you should have done
your video instead I don't just like
guys I've got to still like see my
friends I've got to still hang out with
my family you shouldn't have gone to
town earlier with poppy in short I've
got to do normal things as well I can't
literally film videos all day every
single day like I spend so much time and
this isn't like a plea for you guys to I
don't even know I'm literally just
telling you a fact this is how it is
spend so much on making videos I made
seven daily blogs a week I made three
derivatives without ten videos a week
and then I also do a mention of video
and yes I did miss one this week and
last week but you still get in 10 videos
a week so it's not like I'm not doing
anything
you guys are tweeting me being like oh
my gosh it's his job and he's so lazy
I'm still producing 10 videos a week
guys it's not like I'm not doing
anything
and I'm sure 99% if you understand so
I'm not saying it to all of you just
saying it to the very very very few that
I like you don't even upload anymore I
do but I do understand I need to put
more time and effort into my main
YouTube channel I understand that more
than anybody and I want to do that more
than anybody and that's why it is 20 to
1:00 in the morning and I'm still up and
I've been spending so is then having at
lunch and I haven't had dinner and I've
literally just invited so many video
ideas down and planning video ideas for
the next like four weeks and this little
booklet here another booklet over here
on my phone in my notes as well so don't
worry I'm gonna I'm going to be stepping
up my main youtube channel I wanna I
want to put more time into making
YouTube videos than anything else I do
anything else at all added together
because it's hard when when I'm offered
so many cool opportunities like Madame
Tussauds
merchandise and book stuff like tours
and things traveling for YouTube videos
like I think Mia mocks gonna let
Singapore soon for YouTube videos I'm
going to Greece like they said next week
I'm going to Greece next week and for a
couple of days as well for like YouTube
to like a talk on how about how I do for
YouTube and there are so many cool
opportunities that I get offered that I
find so hard not to do because they're
so awesome like merchandise for you guys
but then you guys have don't see the
amount of work that it takes to do that
and again I'm not saying I want you to
understand and feel sorry for me because
it's not that at all this is much
and I'm so bloomin lucky to have this as
my job but me myself I need to start
puttin more time into making videos than
I do put time into meetings and planning
stuff that you guys don't directly see
like things like I filmed that TV
documentary of gym the other day or just
jib TV documentary and he interviewed me
for it and that took like half a day
then the second half of the day I had a
book meeting all day now that to you
guys the next day for the daily vlog or
for the main channel is nothing you
don't see the documentary till December
you don't see the book until like
somewhat sometime in next year so to you
guys it seems like she just did nothing
the entire day but I didn't I was so
tired after doing like so long filming
of a documentary and then like a really
really really big important meeting on
my book so I completely understand why a
lot of you would be like how he stopped
doing all that stuff and put more time
into videos and I think tonight with me
failing to upload again like I'm going
to be honest I failed to upload and
that's really really really show me the
videos converse videos come first there
anything else this is my main YouTube
channel and a fare to upload on it
that's the reality and don't please
please please don't ever think that if I
don't manage to get a video up on time
or I miss an upload that I'm sitting
here like haha yes no video tonight I'm
I'm my selves biggest critic so many
people are tweeting me and see and like
assuming that I think that it's like
okay for me not to upload tonight it's
why I'm saying I don't know basically
guys if you're still watching after all
of this ranting I'm going to put more
time and effort into making videos than
I ever have before and that doesn't mean
that I'm going to start hanging out
friends less or my family less it just
means that I might
have to say no to doing a lot more
things like traveling in the future
filming for other companies and stuff
like I don't know yo I will work it out
somehow I'll just have to dedicate my
time more specifically and make better
videos and also be ahead of myself so
even if I have an extremely busy week
I've already done the video for that
week ahead of myself which I think I can
do I think I can do that and so I've
been planning the next four videos ahead
of myself my for my main youtube channel
and they're looking really really good
I've got one with Caspar Lee one with
Anna and Jonathan one by myself there's
really really exciting I just can't
think exactly how to do it but I've got
the idea there and it's going to be
really cool and yeah I think when I get
my office things are going to change a
lot like oh I've got my office I've got
the keys to have the kids for ages but
all my furniture was meant to revive
between what seven and all my furnitures
Metro right between one or two weeks it
has now been all for you watching there
seventeen days since I ordered my
furniture so it's already three days
late so I'm going to give them a call
tomorrow Monday morning and be like hey
I ordered all my furniture off of you
glitch can you send it I've been waiting
for it
and then once that wall arrives I've got
some people who are going to sort out my
desk for me I say so out I mean build
build my desk for me and then I just
need internet and then my office is more
or less done a set form couple I need
like the sets built on the back but I
can start working from there potentially
in the next week or two I think it's
exciting all I want to say is that I'm
really really sorry that there was no
video last night for you and honestly
it's not like I'm sitting here happy
with myself that I haven't uploaded I
hate not uploading I hate not uploading
more than you guys hate it when I don't
upload I'm going to like being honest
and that's why I've spent all of this
evening working my butt off to get a
video up for you which I'm super happy
about and I'm not moaning none of this
is negative this is all positive by the
way so don't become a dessert Alfie it's
so negative this is all positive
we are going to have a fresh start on my
YouTube channel we're going to have
seven daily vlogs a week we're going to
three gaming videos a week and we're
going to have one main Channel video
every single Sunday I'm going to be
filming in advance like a week or two
add myself so that I can guarantee that
every time and we're going to have a lot
of fun we're going to make some cool
videos together I'm going to stop it
more effort and I'm excited I'm really
really excited I will film something
cool with these and then I'm going to
add it into this video because that was
the aim for this video to do something
cool with these so I'm going to add it
in oh you're probably before this clip
because this clip has been such a run
I'm going to add it in before this clip
and then cut to this clip so end the
vlog now thank you so much for tchen
today please go check out my new main
channel video it is pretty hilarious and
weird and it involves male youtubers and
makeup that's all I'm going to say so go
show it some love that I'd mean a lot
and I'll catch you tomorrow hopefully
bright and early and it's currently
quarter to 1:00 in the morning my
trainers also back I don't know if you
remember I told you guys yesterday my
trainer is back in Brighton now which is
amazing so I can start going to the gym
and working out again I feel like
tonight although I've had a difficult
evening because I've been annoyed at
myself for not uploading I feel I needed
it to be able to kick me in the butt and
make me start working on things even
harder so thank you guys for kicking me
in the butt for not uploading as I
needed it I'll catch you tomorrow good
