you've been so lazy oh my gosh yeah you
tired you tired you know that's a big
stretch him
have fun in bed I wish I could still be
with you oh come on in
why do you look so grumpy
see you later hello oh you trying to get
the little harness bout ya we're just
taking dollars head off of her put this
on your head I'm gonna sleep it good
morning guys
good morning I'm finally I'm not well
yeah I'm still a little bit ill that's
why sound a bit bummed out put a funny
back log in like fully back log in
eating some pasta for lunch just have
two meetings back to back this morning
don't know what else to say it's a nice
day nice weather let me show you
complete blue sky taking a coffee over
there over to the office today is a busy
day in the office so the last couple of
days as you know I've been in Lisbon an
event called Web Summit where there's 60
down I did a talk in front of 20,000
people the 60,000 people that go to this
event and I met so many interesting
people that are working on cool new
things that have never been done before
that I want to get you guys involved
with I want to get involved with so noni
was that super busy and super intense
but I've now got to follow up an email
and chat and call and message everybody
seeing how we can actually work together
my memory guy just ran out more than
that I've also got to edit today's vlog
I've got to catch up all my emails that
just general stuff the normal emails and
at the same time over here I put them
done if you can see over there on the
table
I've got new merchandise coming out in
two days from today so that is tomorrow
Sunday that is tomorrow for you yeah
tomorrow for you Sunday 1:00 p.m.
lunchtime normally we go 5:00 p.m. so
they were switching it out 1:00 p.m.
lunch time Christmas merchandise is
coming and there is only it's like super
exclusive there isn't much about
Christmas merchandise if you saw
yesterday's vlog then you will know a
little teaser you all know one of the
items come in anyway so it's crackle
event in the vlog because I do not want
to know it's video to be late like I jus
I genuinely mean this when I say this I
have missed vlogging like just talking
to a set from the only thing this annoy
me is that I don't sound like me like
I'm so bummed up inside that I don't
sound like how I think I sound I've
missed vlogging so much more than you
can imagine every time that I don't film
for a couple of days I realized just how
much it means to me like I like going on
Twitter over the last couple of days
I've seen so many of you tweet me saying
I didn't realize how obsessed I was with
your videos until they're not here I
didn't realize how much I needed you
until they're not here I didn't realize
how much I need you like this goes the
other way I didn't realize how much I
need you guys until I don't make videos
and then I just miss having this like
outlet this place where I can speak and
pour my thoughts into the camera and not
worry and not think about who's seeing
it although that's kind of scary because
a lot of people see my weird thoughts of
weird things I do
mmm I don't know I suppose what I'm
saying is that I'm glad to be back
also I should talk about my necklace
this one here is you know papi and Shawn
bought me recently for my birthday but I
added to it this little key here whilst
whilst I was away if you can see is in
group say encourage a woman who was at
Web Summit came up to me and she said
Alfie do you want a key and I was like
watching me into a Waunakee what was the
key for what does it open if it does
open a chest of treasure then yeah I won
that key I I didn't I didn't know what
she was talking about anyways she showed
me and I've got it here up on the screen
now the giving keys calm this is not
sponsored
this here the giving he's calm at the
given keys we want to inspire the world
to pay it forward so we've built into
how we do business through our social
media employment model every product you
purchase supports job creation for
people transitioning out of homelessness
so basically what they do is they get
these keys and there's like tons of
different shapes and everything they
employ people who are coming out of
being homeless so they're helping the
homeless they pay them to engrave the
keys they then sell these keys on their
website they all see different things
there are all different shapes and you
basically you pick a word that resonates
with you and really really you feel the
connection with you keep the key with
you and once you feel that it's had that
impact of your life and that this has
brought me courage I then pass this key
on to somebody else who needs some
courage in their life and they keep it
with them until they've found courage in
their life and then they passed it like
it's cold you're employing the homeless
giving them jobs bringing courage into
my life once I found that courage I
passed the key on and it brings in
somebody else's life and they don't just
say courage they say the other options
were believe and strength and I'm sure
they've got tons above other ones when
they website or they don't even just do
necklaces they do bracelets as well and
everything never end then believe
instinct they've got they've got loads
of cool ones earrings as well anyways I
just thought I'd let you know I need to
crack on I'm getting distracted I need
to edit this vlog because I want this
book to be on time new merchandise
coming to come you tomorrow new
merchandise is coming for you tomorrow
like it's actually been quite a while
since I've watched was the last in my
bra ow what's the nice thing about PB
backpacks because obviously we did the
pop-up shop but that wasn't obviously
online that was only physical in the
shop where is the PB backpacks in
September were just straight-up online
okay that's exciting 1:00 p.m. on Sunday
Christmas merchandise if you want to buy
your sister your brother your uncle your
dog your nun a Christmas present that
they're gonna love this is the one trust
me trust me or add it to your own wish
list add it to your Christmas list and
hopefully Santa Santa might bring it for
you and yes I need to shut up and get on
those come over to the office to plan
the new office space
it's just about to hold a meeting things
are happening guys things are happening
we're gonna meeting on Monday with
somebody who's potentially gonna be a
big partner in the new office space and
make it what we what we see it being in
our heads below my neck how is it this
dark oh there we go
but how is it this dark literally
pitch-black and there's only half past
6:00 in the evening just leaving the
office so just realizing this blog I was
a bit like oh if you saw yesterday's
vlog you might know a little hint
towards some new merch and then I just
uploaded yesterday's vlog and I straight
up gave away the brand-new exclusive
Christmas poster I don't if I should be
showing you this phony it comes out on
Sunday at 1:00 p.m. this is just one of
three new products that are coming out
we've got the PB poster look at that
foil printed Christmas vibe going around
the outside and all of them are hand
signed by me if you want my guys you're
gonna have to be quick check out this
foil print do I know why you're standing
there looking at me like that is it
because you yeah is it because you want
your dinner
Missy do you want your dinner I don't
know why she does this spinny thing
whenever I give no Eva her breakfast or
dinner she does this thing where she
spins round it so I don't know I don't
know why
you're gonna wait nicely good Go Go and
then I don't know if I've shown you guys
this when we moved in when we got the
house there was already an auger there
but we got it all painted and redone up
and made to look new oh my gosh that is
so hot
Wow so have you felt this it's literally
the nicest thing in the world anyways if
you don't want our giris I don't know
too much it literally just came in the
house and then we got it painted is
permanently on and we had asked her on
for the first time the other day offices
you just saw they're so hot that you
turn them on for the winter you turn
them off in the summer like it keeps
your whole house wonder your whole house
warm but like the kitchen like the
floors warm near it and stuff like that
but
never cooked with it before and
apparently it's meant to make the most
like insane food because it's all heated
up in a certain way like I don't know
how to use it much we've got a couple of
books that we need to start look at that
then we need to start reading but we
only littered it switched on the other
day
whenever I'm super cold and I come
inside I'm always like this but little
did I know that that under there that's
the one gonna sit down have a little
hummus snack
Oh what would it be out a day really
oh it's out a day can I eat this though
is it fine actually I'm literally still
a little bit ill on ice it's only three
days out a date is that not bad hey this
one goes out date in nine days this is
brilliant no Museum now and we're
watching old videos back and laugh these
titles I mean we haven't even watched
these yet ideas yeah why give you some
tips you know I bet this is like 20
seconds long oh two minutes I had a real
thing I had a real thing when I when I
did you two back in the day about oh my
Lydia's been under three minutes 20 I
was like no one ever wants to watch a
video over three minutes now my videos
about 20 minutes Marcus Butler TV TV
there's three minutes for TT long and I
don't start talking about the title of
the video until three minutes in and all
I do for the first three minutes is
promote in the second YouTube channel a
meet-up my twitter my second YouTube
channel and another YouTube channel also
and then present ideas and the first
thing you say coincidence
so what do you guys want for christmas
yeah because look at the question mark
this is asking you yeah what are your
ideas and I'm asking it on December the
20th as well ray just I mean I know
they're still big y'all know this is the
video well all right school this is the
video ideas I tried to live by this is
the one that's very liked and then this
is how we like started speaking like in
this video if I didn't film this little
video this is me just telling you how I
live my life and it has a really deep
I'm sorry it's not meant to be a deep
video now one of the main things is look
you don't need it the reason why it is
52 you know that's why I spoke so fast
is because I didn't want my videos to be
over three or four minutes no spoon like
this so I could get everything in when
we clapped Alfie was like I need my
video to be under four minutes under
four minutes everyone if Alfie CDA's was
always under four minutes of words
people are interested in watching it
mine was like 11 or 12 minutes and
we could not believe how long that was
and now my videos oh yeah they're not
under four minutes anymore but they're
all pretty old let's see if there's
loads of like so and unlike this
surrender like this because that's
obviously how I yeah do you think you
just saw that Zoe had liked it oh no
it's because loads of people commented
on it saying Zoe like this or no it's
like I'm like the hell is Oh Ella so
then I searched I was like yo more
subscribers than me Hey I just followed
oh and I followed her on Twitter and you
already follow me and then I am NOT I am
like not flirty at all I'm literally not
letting it all like going off only about
one girl from before Zoe I'm literally
not like this as I was following me I
followed her tweeted sense of a life and
no no I followed you fell I tweeted you
first in something I just followed you a
new tweet batson hey how are you someone
loved that idea of an Zoe straight away
saying his Moscow add me video strapped
video crazy no I'm not like that I never
like that what's your Skype let me add
you maybe you just were like that
because I was like she's got more
subscribers than me
oh yeah new packaging love it no I know
I've seen yeah awesome McCartney
watching Suicide Squad whilst eat in a
massive ZZ take away
yeah they've got the melted cheese dippy
thing is it still melted all the way
back in the car that's what I thought I
thought I put it back in the oven
there's a lot cheese as well oh yeah
this is what it's about guys potato in
the cheese we're only halfway through
Naomi's heading off goodbye I never
watched a film this long in my life - I
was 15
look at NIOSH so diet no Me's just gone
home it's really lovely catching out of
her we don't get to see no me too often
anymore anyone was speaking and showing
you guys and chatting about old school
YouTube back in the day and everything
and on that note it is crazy like I'm
it's pretty obvious if you're into
YouTube and you watch other people that
I'm friends with you awesome at YouTube
videos you'll know the back in the day
we used to hang out so much we don't
really get to do that anymore because
everyone's so busy doing the other thing
no miss just got back from Thailand she
wasn't like a fitness retreat in
Thailand when everyone is together
sharing flat let me in Casper Live
Together
you lived at your dad's which basically
met there yeah I'm Joe dead so you guys
are always together and you always a
mine and Casper's and Tonya Jimmer in
London as well at the time and
everyone's just so I'm just gonna get
dressed I'm just gonna get changed
no one gets on anymore we don't like
each other we don't want to that's the
thing I don't want to vlog with anyone
else and there's no one that don't want
to send them subscribers and then they
don't watch my videos I'm Jake
Hey
