good morning guys how you doin off in
today I'm feeling feeling good I'm
feeling really really good today I am
yet to have breakfast i woke up at eight
o'clock got nylon bag ever breakfast to
grab to the toilet and then just got
basically straight up just got ready for
the day got away like a weird top today
it's kind of like really high around the
neck really long on the sleeves but i
rolled them up i think it looks cool i
like it i'm not quite sure what anyone
else the thick but i like it that is the
most important thing I having a
breakfast yet we don't really have much
food for breakfast he kind of food I
can't make sense today what am I talking
about though is still in bed if not
upstairs just having cuddles and
chilling out I don't know what we're
doing today I think I may be going to
meet with Anna and Jonathan meeting with
Anna and jonathan johnson and Anna yeah
and I'm Jonathan of the saucony Jolie's
at some point but I'm not quite sure it
is now time to go and take Nala for a
walk she is going crazy she's so so
excited RG little one are you excited
are you excited she literally every
second just runs to the door runs the
door once the door coming in give me
this bet give me this bit is such a
lovely day guys the way there was just
no light come on stop pulling the
weather is just so lovely she's just
walking like a proper dog now guys like
she pulls occasionally but look like
that good girl the girl overhead nada go
see mommy gonna go upstairs gone she's
literally justed there go and go and see
mummys drop in Sydney good girl so back
from the walk now and I still have no
idea what we're quite doing today I know
at some point the saucony journeys may
be popping over or I'll show them to
them or something on those
oh that's a good angle alpha is now
something on those kind of lines but we
have no idea i still haven't had
breakfast yet and it's quarter past
twelve you've already had yours Missy
you've already eaten worse doesn't need
some know what shall we have I don't
know what we got we've got fruit cheese
spinach and pasta that's about it but we
don't need yogurt okay we've got yogurt
as well okay I'm gonna have some yogurt
and fruit this little one is so sleepy
look a little ears this smells just
impossible if any of you guys have a dog
do you ever just play with their ears
once they're asleep I just like this
constantly I really really need the
toilet but I know as soon as I get up
she'll jump up but I wanted to carry him
sleep in right i'm gonna try to sneak up
dammit a context oh look a stretch in
good girl good when you lay down go back
to sleep come on oh good go stay there
lay down no no no oh baby you tired yeah
you sleep you little one
I need a way some I know it look at her
she's up and awake now I didn't want to
be up in the lake so I've just been
speaking to my friend Max on the phone
and we've decided what we want to do
today which we haven't done together in
ages about I haven't done with anybody
at ages is go to the driving range and
play golf which is basically you get
your gloves you put a ball on the tee
and you hit it as hard as you freaking
can and that's it it's literally just
smashing gold balls down like a massive
field as in who can hit it the farthest
that is it it is amazing it is so much
fun and the one that would go into is
that super high-tech unicycle electronic
and you choose how high you want the
ball to be on the team and it's all in
there electric and the ball comes up for
you me Stephen Louie when a while ago so
I don't know if you guys remember from
that that was a video that I did
probably like over a year ago but one
thing that it does require is golf clubs
I have no idea where i keep my golf
clubs because I don't add anything we've
even we've women even been to the
driving range in this house i don't
think i was living in this house from
the last one so I've now got the task of
trying to find my golf clubs somewhere
my friend Max is also just messaged me
said then what my golf clubs are can we
use yours today so I kind of said yeah
of course we can I just need to find
them now I don't manage to find them
guys oh my gosh these have not been used
in so long I literally used to play golf
like three or four times a week would
check oh my am that is insane I don't if
you guys know but so and I have like a
massive massive shed in our garden and
those were like couldn't be further to
the back if they tried I was literally
stood on like 1,200 different waponi
things trying to grab them and pull them
and lift them out but I managed to do it
which is good so we can go and play golf
at the driving range are you going to
any good max neither of us are gonna
really get let's not lie this is my
favorite bit right grab a basket
come there are you ready
here we go 100 balls each so just
arrived at the driving range lift up
this little leg put some balls in here
normally you pour them in oh I've got
one hand on my camera I can't really do
that let's dump we've got the 6-iron no
be fine
Oh
max has got the hang of it again now
like the good old days when we used to
play oh yeah that's the one these guys
can't even see that he's happy all right
guys we're going to go for the quad shot
okay so you've got load of all some here
we're going to line them up four in a
row no this is my last ball guys the
basket is empty there we go gonna try
not to hit my camera awesome now can
take off this smelly old glove this
glove has not been used since we
realized because i found a chocolate bar
in Michael I'm getting blinded in my
little golf bag found a chocolate bar
from the last time that I came here on
the 8th of November 2014 so this has
been stinking out oh yeah that's the
expiry date I get Maybin after that
actually hit me no way before that
really do oh my gosh so this is like
stinky successful time at the range did
you enjoy it Maxine oh yeah Oh some
losing a dinger me I'm always getting
cold papi just finish cleaning the boys
look oh no they've already done pues in
there you've already done boo boos and
I've just finished cleaning you how you
doing you get no lead bringing them your
toy or you just bring in a toy papi and
sean because probably is shawn had just
arrived go give it papi go and go give
it papi go give it Sean look at this you
two kissing oh you're kissing Pippins
bomb that's naughty I caught you oh look
at them now that you love them now your
brother's dinner time dinner time dinner
dinner dinner too
geez we got a lot of food Joe my gosh
poppy and Shawn have left now we
literally got defeated by the food there
was so much and we are watching pitch
perfect 2 which I believe i have seen
before but I fell asleep whilst watching
that so we're watching it again now
alright guys just got into bed oh you
can literally not see me at all oh there
we go turn on a light man I have no idea
what the time is oh no no Zoe and I just
fell asleep on the sofa and okay it's 22
minutes boss Paul my train is just
messaged me saying hey man I got home
yesterday that means i can start
training again I can suck on to the gym
and working out in healthy which is
exciting and I know I see I Lich's fell
asleep on the sofa so I have no idea why
film tonight for lucky to me from too
much thank you so much for watching
today if you enjoyed it please give it a
big ol thumbs up they don't belong to it
the thumbs up button and I'll catch you
tomorrow tomorrow is Sunday which means
i've uploaded a brand new main channel
video civ i'll leave a link to it down
below go check it out do a thumbs up
gooby those two a goggle damn i'm so
tired i'll catch you tomorrow guys sorry
for the CP ending good night
