I've just got out of the shower guys
look at this little one just waiting for
me you waiting for daddy to get out of
the shower you brought daddy two toys
from downstairs as well to play with you
you're getting shy now oh look what is
out look what Zoey got yesterday guys
the new on my blog magazine look at this
mr. Caspar Lee mr. Joseph sug
mr. zoella is that mister this is Ella
mochi I don't even wanna know why my
name is Yvonne you guys know everybody
on here look at that so many people
thought that we were the ones behind
this magazine I never ever heard about
anything to do with it until it came out
and I saw you guys tweeting pictures of
like me on the magazine and stuff like
that like we are nothing to do with this
I just think it's awesome like oh my
vlog there's like an actual there I am
there's an actual magazine dead and
there I am again dedicated there I am
again just to YouTube that is crazy like
when I started YouTube it was not very
popular I started six years ago you
tubers like a nerdy little thing to do
that wasn't very popular and look at
there's a poster of dan and Phil there's
little cartoon of Joe this is just sick
it is so cool it's only a little insert
this one just like a tiny little version
look at that it's just so cool
like that you can you can get that in
the shop you can get it's sick that is
so sick I haven't actually said good
morning good morning guys how you doing
you having a good day today I must to do
something very very exciting like I told
you at the end of yesterday's vlog I
don't actually know ever like to tell
you what I'm doing yet we will find out
it is not at the house I don't know
whether I should wear a red hat with a
blue t-shirt or blue my t-shirt but
because what I'm doing is outside and it
requires a lot of filming or knowledge
scratching at my door does you want to
come in
you wanna come in and now to find the
win it's you've been away and yeah
because it requires a lot of filming
outside I don't really want to not wear
a hat because my hair will just go and
that that's not good that's not what we
want when I'm being filmed
bad hairdo we so hide it with a hat
that is my office into everything if
your head is going to be bad but hat on
put a beanie on say it sorry about my
hair I woke up this morning at what time
did I said Milan eight o'clock and then
I got Nayar up gave her breakfast and
everything got back into bed just
chilled to zero for a bit on our phones
I always do that the first thing I do
when I wake up is check Twitter also for
sound about list me I've got my braces
in just put them back in like a minute
ago so they take like ten minutes to get
used to and in the mouth
yeah I might giving up quite a few hours
but I've just got out the shower just
got dressed and everything and we're
ready to start a good successful day
it's gonna be a good busy day got a book
three meeting as well which is really
really exciting and yeah that is about
it that is it let's go you can't see me
very well guys the sun's in my face but
I'm allowed to show you what I'm doing
hello back we are filming a documentary
I was looking at your screens in the
pretty story we're filming a documentary
for the BBC it's titled loosely titled
superstar bloggers basically I am going
around interviewing lots of bloggers
have to be my friends and we're looking
at me and whatever you put it you said
the phenomenon of they're filming me
filming right what we're doing nobody to
present the past in the future of the
phenomenon of walking us all the
community okay the prominent figure in
that arena today yes the documentary now
which is god I've missed you I know we
haven't hung out ages and we start
really hanging out here we're working
and I've got their home and then you're
rushing straight off
pretty cold definitely prepared for
winter
he didn't film in London this morning
you have to even when there's a whole
document
now I've worn it in film with you yeah
you can't take it off that is a wrap
we've finished up finished from the
beach the rap on Alfie been on this this
thing here as well I did it go Jimbo wow
you're really good you what I was just
chatting just to myself Jim Jim would
have been through there formal
presenting you is what I was most
worried about why I don't know what I
wasn't sure if you were how you would
like take some of the questions to me
yeah I didn't probably you might not
appreciate them but could I appreciate
them he was really good you were great
okay yeah so I've got a little bit of
explaining to do so it is currently the
day after the day that you are watching
I am super sorry but I got back from the
meeting yesterday and sorry I don't know
what you saw I can't remember what I
filmed so I know I filmed filming the
documentary of Jim that was super fun it
went amazing we went on the Brighton I
we went right near the pier we did a lot
of cool stuff and I think that's coming
out in December at some point then I had
a meeting about book number three which
was so exciting and as you guys know it
is a different kind of book it something
completely new and I'm super super
excited for it then I came back from the
book meeting and just crashed out like I
didn't literally fall asleep but I was
just like and I was editing that daily
vlog it kept on messing up or trying to
upload it four times on the fifth time
it works luckily got it up and then that
was it like 9 o'clock we had dinner and
I was just asleep like I literally
forgot to vlog so I am so sorry but I do
have something really really excited to
show you from yesterday from the book 3
meeting yeah that's what yeah of course
something really really exciting to show
you
and that I haven't really spoken about
this at all is this now this is super
super cool
it is basically what's not a doing she's
running around it is basically can you
see what it is it's like a it's like up
over metal box it is basically book one
and book two in a limited edition little
box and then it also comes with some
extra goodies that aren't out anywhere
else so this here is the little box this
is what you're gonna see in shops I
think it comes out on the 8th so in like
five or six days kind of time and it'll
be in a load of different places you
guys go and find it you know where to
find it new exclusive apps got a brand
new app with loads more exclusive
content just for this little box and
then inside when she open it up it's got
a little it's all that proper light
embossed and everything like it all
bumps out I don't know it's really sick
no I was literally running around the
house with her toys in her mouth now ah
what you doing what are you doing I've
never even seen her play with that toy
before anyways and so it comes with this
which I don't know how to show I feel
like I need to pop you up here so I can
show you the things inside it so this
here is one of the things it is a little
tote bag which I think is sick tote bags
are just so handy for like shopping or
anything at all even your PE kit if
you're in school or college just look to
it bag and then it says this on the side
the pointless book pointless stuff
carried by me and then the same on the
other side and I came up with all of
that quote and everything and helped me
design that so that's that little a
little bag and then obviously inside it
is also got a copy of each book it's got
number two and number one right for
those in there and then extra as well as
the bag as well as the books it's got a
load of extra pages so it's got page it
I don't want to show you the pages too
much it's got an excavator never explain
to another page and there's also got a
poster of me and then it's also got
pages on the back of those pages and
then you can scan all these pages here
and with an extra new app there's a ton
more exclusive videos that I've made
that aren't on YouTube and stuff like
that so it's just cool
it's like a bundled package of both my
books the poster has even got like a
little ice
and then who's ringing ding and me who's
ringing made Jonathan Jolie you can wait
one minute mr. Jonathan I signed it and
then they like scanned it into it's not
real signed but that is like my exact
signature put on top of the photo which
is cool you guys can put that on your
wall or wherever you want or in the bin
if you don't like me I don't know I just
think it's sick I thought I'd show you
this box is like it comes out in how
many days to just say comes out in the
eighth I don't know what day you're
watching this but it comes out on the
8th of October I'm pretty sure and so
yeah you guys want one of those it's
limited edition because obviously with
something like this a lot of it is
Christmas and festive edition Jonathan
there's now text me and like this page
here I'm not going to show you the
actual page the light on the bottom is
like festive and the videos are all
festive and the pictures on the app of
festive and everything so it's kind of
like a Christmas Box let you know when
you get chocolates and you know that's
my favorite chocolate oh wait that was
also good and then you get a selection
box this is kind of like a selection box
of my books by me I mean only up to and
they're both in there it's like a
selection kind of thing and it's limited
edition because it's for Christmas let's
see ss limited edition on the snow even
in focus this camera is too good it's
limited edition because obviously it's
for Christmas they could only print a
certain amount to be able to get them
made for Christmas so they've printed
them all they're getting sent out of
shops and Amazon and wherever at the
moment and then I said once they're gone
they're gone forever so in the shops not
only limited edition merchandise but
limited edition special metal box from a
bag and if you asking how much it is it
says on the back 20 pounds but as you
guys know stuff never ever sells for the
price I don't really understand they're
like my book on the back how much is one
of my books on the back of my book how
much does it say it is let me scooch
over here on the mat let me grab a book
over here the back of this book it says
$8.99
but my book on Amazon is like 3 pounds
50 or some 3 pounds 40 or something like
that
so this says 20 pounds I reckon they're
probably gonna sell it and I'm just
making this up off the top of my head
probably a tenner that's what they're
probably realistically gonna sell it for
so for 10 pounds roughly you're gonna
get two books a bag extra app extra
pages and a ton of flipping stuff it's
just gonna be sick so I'm yeah I just
wanted to let you guys know about all of
that but because I didn't end up
vlogging it yesterday I just ended up
crashing out and falling asleep and
stuff so I'm sorry that this vlog is a
little bit disheveled and I didn't
properly vlog yesterday I'm very very
sorry
bye I'm currently daily vlogging today
as well of course become a daily vlogger
I need to stop just waffling on I'm so
sorry for not ending the video properly
yesterday and filming my what I did for
the rest of the day I love you guys so
much I will get you tomorrow guys or
actually it's today for me so I'm
filming this - the day after hey guys
I'll see you a new video tomorrow go
babe
