combined baby I'll see you later on
we're just going to go shopping now you
enjoy your new little tepee and your
little bed in your tree good morning
guys I haven't started the video yet
we've just got to wait Rose the reason
why we came to wait Joyce was to get
pumpkins we haven't even entered
Waitrose yet and so he's already buying
pumpkins this is ridiculous
I suppose it's the first of October
Halloween season I want to get one then
I wanna get a cool one
hmm now that got a little bit little bit
right this one seems like oh this one's
a nice one that's a good shape one on
this guy oh my gosh already got top has
there it's alright
lower them or is there more over there
oh man there's tons more I'm tried to
feel quite ill guys I've got a bunk that
know isn't it over there but just come
into Waitrose finally off to buy three
pumpkins already um paid them yeah okay
we've got three pumpkins they're all
really good before shopping we've
realized that Zoey and I having a
breakfast so just sat down
got some toasties got some hot
chocolates but I've already finished
there and we're just chilling for it
over there living in Georgia
that was it I was your one will go right
so we've started shopping we've decided
that we're going to go to hop in Sean's
new place tonight they do and we're
going to make some pizzas or we're not
going to make the dough but we're going
to make the pizzas and then just have a
really nice chilled evening so we need
to buy everything so far we've got
nothing to do pizzas in fact not even
one of these things in here's mine what
you guys got well you've nothing either
oh yes I love these give me four no you
don't need that many okay no one age
without still a lot maybe not happy well
so I want on my pizza tuna with sweet
corn are that's not really going to go
with that is there the buffalo
mozzarella
what Tunis we call buffalo mozzarella
unless we had some avocados yeah I can't
have tomatoes can i because of my chest
I need pesto pesto has the base instead
of tomato okay Bob is going to make me a
pesto base well we can take a DVD for
that over probably Shawn don't have TV
Yap sky a taking a while to go over and
install the TV they've internet for no
TV
we should buy your DVD player from here
no Sheldon here I'm gonna get
PlayStation there we go hello why are
you my brother no don't steal my
camera you just gold in my contract
look at the difference in color I come
with so much better mine flavor mine
serve almost on the wrong setting find
it so much better
you just literally stole my kappa
in short now
all right this one are we short you want
this
get your finger on camera angle
sure where's he gone
which way is he covered we play vogue
things
nothing we are gonna buy these guys
don't worry thank you
after we pay we each get given a little
token you get to choose which one and
then they donate with the money to even
leave nonetheless I've distributed I
think something like that the forum sure
disaster fund I hear is that the plane
crash there show brightened fringe open
strings music
that doesn't mean we love the others any
less course this and then where'd they
get donated to suggested items jammed
rice milk mashed potato it's such a
shame that it's on the way out over here
though cuz I didn't know you could do
that as you leave because then you've
already
- Han huachen and Whitehall guys wait
trains or any other supermarket that
does this you need to put it on the
weigh-ins Wikipedia because I would have
bought some stuff to put in there but I
didn't know it was there now I told what
everything that we need it not really
it's on the over there right anyways
yeah we're gonna do that next time
to finish to our shop in you know we
need to go and put it all away in that
taste ah fly dead that's a lot of time
do you need me to push this is it too
heavy you try and do it oh you're right
there don't do it right
should we just got lets leave Sean here
now that's blooming guys being weird all
day go go go every time we to get the
car for shopping mom would be like -
lets drive away from dad and then go out
2 meters and they probably let goodbye
farewell your bow flight in one corner
of the sofa farewell
I'm taking my crisps back right we're
heading off we're going to go home for a
little bit get some work done
upload some videos and then we're gonna
come back and make pizzas
we've just got home and this one's just
done a really really good way outside
and look we did this before we went we
set up a camera to film her in there to
see what she was doing when was we're
away
you have another now we've gotten a
memory card to see what she's been up to
I've just finished Oh where's that thing
gone maybe it's in these trousers I've
just finished uploading I changed
clothes by the way felt like I was
wearing a bit too bit too sporty clothes
whenever I put that SD card that I just
had it's not in any of those pockets is
it in my hoodie pocket there we go here
it is right I want to check the footage
I've just uploaded a new daily vlog and
uploaded a new gaming video as well and
the game of video is a good one so go
check it out haven't already why not
last night for you Zoe is baking a
delicious smelling banana cake banana
loaf can I open it or not Oh
can't open it can you have wasn't 18
minutes ago me can't beep let me open in
that look I tried you the houses we're
both saying that it feels like a weekend
yeah it does I don't give me just Bank
on the weekends that's why I think for
me it's because I've done all my videos
like I'm ready for the day I'm finished
up uploading let me balance you in this
little autumnal bush that Zoey has days
but look at that type of Zoey
oh no perfect but I've got the footage
here this is from when we let Nala
in the in the little playpen thingy here
we go so are you ready yeah this one
this one looks like look at her
this is four minutes after four minutes
after we left I would be happy to just
watch the whole thing so fast for dad
yeah
oh look uh she went had gotten done with
her little bed I feel like we're like
spying on her I wish we had things like
baby well that she's not looking around
a dog goes it gets onto our bed back
onto our bed still mad she's on a bed ah
oh she did he went in there then oh look
at her peen oh I'm glad she's just lying
down look the entire time she loves all
of that that was 18 minutes and she
rested lied down
next clip
she's fast asleep she's gone what moved
oh she likes oh that was 28 minutes
oh she cos lies that is insane 28
minutes and she literally just spent the
entire time lying down a sleeper so be
the first to me and why do you put her
in a penny for she does escape when you
leave but try think if she wasn't in the
penny if she had full rein of the house
there would be a poodle we when we got
back definitely there would definitely
be a pure William protest to be like
don't leave me otherwise I'm going to
put them where are we in the pen
wouldn't there Missy look what you're
doing right let me move this back come
say hello
come here hello we are in PC world and
what was it called peace wearing Curry's
I think the companies teamed up together
or one bought the other one but it's
called PC warden Curry's because as you
guys know poppy and Shawn have moved
into a new flat together and it is
absolutely amazing now their TV is mum
had an old TV that it was at mom and
dad's old TV when they got a new one
that they took to London it is pretty
broken and it kind of doesn't do like
DVD and stuff like that I mean it's good
but it's not they look nice are there
the one I know they're very similar do
you know what they are you know them
what's that what's the girl Mia Rose in
that video is wearing those very similar
anyways guys and support mentions TV
really really isn't very good so for a
moving in present they have no idea
about this as well I want to buy them a
new TV for they're moving in present and
just something nice so now I haven't
really yeah do not fill out treating
them to something nice and they got they
helped me out a lot with videos
everything like that so I just wanna
want to thank them for everything
they've done everything they're doing
congratulate them on the new place that
they've moved new place new place that
they've moved in together and we're
currently looking at the headphone
section because you know yesterday's
video when Zoey and I did that up thing
the what's it called the
speech jammer we want to play it with
javi and Sean tonight and have a little
mess around but we didn't have noise
canceling headphones we're looking for
some noise cancelling headphones if
they've got any cheap ones origionally
that we can buy for a video but yeah so
I put a TV on reserve I rang up and
reserved it online some super excited
they have no idea and then tonight as
you guys know we're going over to theirs
for Peter and stuff we're going to turn
up with a TV for the cash casual nobody
it's moving in present it's only a
sentiment or something that they're
going to keep for years and years and
years and love and then I also want to
get them a DVD and blu-ray in 3d player
stuff like that as well so super
exciting I know they're gonna love it I
can't wait to see their reaction
something smells bloomin good up in here
and I think it is this or banana cake
banana cake banana cake we're back home
we've successfully purchased a TV and
also a DVD player and also two sets of
HDMI cables now because we're going out
tonight we are going to leave in about
15 or 20 minutes so we are going to try
and tie in all her out as much as
possible so that she's not bored once we
leaving that she's all tired and can
just sleep another who's this it is this
go get it don't get me go go get Mingo
coming there bring her back room in the
back good kill ah you ready
good oh my gosh can I try Oh mmm this
Archer really girl I mean not those down
to you
well Blumenau gone then go for her hmm I
was playing chase did you really with
that real scream are you guys just
missed it missed it what is wrong my
voice today good though she's too clever
look at her she's so smart now
oh she's got Mingo ever look at her
she's so smart
look at that look what they got yeah
yeah yeah let's pray that went away
that's like the old old old old family
TV goodbye
it didn't even have DVDs this one is the
new one
what is it the reason we are here is to
make new plaits notes on oh they are on
there we go put them in oh look at this
others like Jamie Oliver's plank in his
restaurant is to make pizzas look at
this
that looks insane there's our pizza
dough's already a little bit of cheese
mm-hmm yeah that's actually bloomin good
so we're just worn out and logging into
their Netflix and getting the TV working
and everything and look what blooming
comes on a Netflix I did not know this
was here oh it's not going to come up
now sir
define there we go look at that
smooshed movie don't leap it's up its up
its arse
what are you rolling that with roll
impaired that will do that we do buzzes
yeah I forgot to show you guys enemy
enemy enemy how's it going now
the pesto smells so good
one of the videos is like a proper
typical pizza mm-hmm mine neither them I
mean puppies it's not the most circular
pizza I've ever seen okay lies yes you
where yours is quite sorry I Jesus
why not so much you're shrinking I swear
oh yeah sure please do Zoe's is looking
very standard Papi's is literally
looking like a forest bush is it stuck
no it's not know anybody's our it's a
novice you should have followed
should've followed Zoe she's the pizza
master oh my shorts got a cheeky hole to
put plow under his after 10 minutes of
crying probably finally got beets onto
here you're gonna show them start it
again that's how you do it that's the
secret the secret hole right now that I
can stop the obvious moved over I've got
this space here next to Zoe we're ready
for my masterpiece
oh I don't know if I should take my
rings off or not this was such bizarre
Zoe what you doing I'm going for a piece
of Rustica which is one of the long ones
from zzs in other words not making a
circular also the slaps on the box and
my pizza is in the oven
apparently my pizza doesn't look too
good there several ends and oh my gosh
that's the cheesiest thing in the world
I think it's done yeah yeah I think so
look how good my looks are to put on a
really long plate so it didn't fit on a
number one look at that beast
Chapel I think that I found myself a
cheerleader she sui are about to play
the app that you saw us play in
yesterday's video have you seen my video
that went on today okay good good
ABCD carry on okay yeah this is going on
LMNOP qrs tuv coursing it in the white
Jun Jie shall you do normal speech do
properly ABCD efg hey J ABCD hahaha okay
tell us how you made your pizza's really
fast just tell us really fast yourselves
or what you did for your pizza describe
it and goes cheese and pocket and
show yourself one better one for the
little boy
goodbye be up at home we are back home
and I've got some amazing news guys you
know since I've been cutting out tomato
out of my diet all caffeine out of my
diet chocolate out of my diet basically
things that are super sugary my chest
pain today has not hurt one bit I think
it might always be distraction as well
because we ate was watching a film that
I was engaged with like we were both
watching the film I didn't think about
my chest pain which often makes it worse
as soon as I realize it hurts then it
has more to good-b yeah it could be like
bad food or like oh I still want to say
badly to be not coffee and chocolate and
stuff like that the trigger air and as
soon as I think about it it makes it
worse but anyways we are back home now
I've got a super super exciting day
tomorrow I don't know if I'm allowed to
film it well not it I'm going to film
don't you worry I don't know he like to
film one of the things I'm doing I'm
going to have to wait until tomorrow to
see if I can see if I can find out then
I've also got a meeting tomorrow which
is really really exciting
about book number three now there is a
book 3 coming out it is not of the
pointless books sequel series trio thing
and it's not a trio of the witness book
it is something completely different
that I'm super so excited about I have
spoken to you guys a little bit about
this before but as I've said I'm not
allowed to eat too much about what it is
exactly
it was meant to be coming out on
November the 5th but I put it back
because I realized that it's not exactly
perfect I've done most of it not not all
of it yet
and I could have pushed myself to finish
all of it and get it out by November the
fifth but I didn't want to push myself
to do that I just wanted to make sure
that I am 100% amazingly happy with
everything in the book so I postponed it
back until next year I believe at some
point just like I have a proper good few
more months of writing and just getting
everything down exactly how I want it to
be right the time is currently 17
minutes past 11:00 at night I usually
end the vlog in bed but I'm just going
to end it down here tonight because
we're going to just got to bed chill
maybe get a massage or slowly
yeah are you going to give you a massage
oh she said she wants more from me and
then we're just gonna cuddle Nala and go
to sleep so thank you so much for Qing
today I hope you enjoyed the video hope
you enjoyed the little challenges thing
that we've done with that app which is
really really cool and we also obviously
made pieces I don't know I'm rounding up
the day you guys know exactly I told Liv
this off when I put Nala back to bed
because she's going to sleep down here
tonight and yeah I'll catch you tomorrow
I love you so much thank you for the
support as always you guys are the best
people in the entire world I will count
you very very soon with a new video on
why I sent very soon when it's tomorrow
okay - tomorrow I'm gonna catch you
tomorrow yeah good
did I say give it a thumbs up give it
thumbs up let's see how I'm gonna break
my lens my ring let's see how many
thumbs up we can get okay why are you
laughing
what is she doing what's happenin I'm
checking on heroes and then she's
literally went round his neck was on her
bum like going crazy
what was she really scared did me ask ya
no no I can't you cool that down mother
coming in oh my Zoe when militiamen to
be getting into bed giving her a cuddle
I'm glad to end my vlog she's so oh my
gosh right I'm gonna end the vlog thank
you guys so do you love this book I'm
not tired at all now oh god Liz come
down to join and bingo bingo me oh she's
taking me go to mommy I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
I let me so much good night
