good morning everybody good morning guys
how you doing and I don't know I'll deal
with this morning I wake up with a
really really sore throat for some
reason really really hurts my mum has
been poorly for the last couple of weeks
I say week probably about a week or so
and hopefully I haven't caught that my
hair is annoying me as well so I've cut
out and hopefully I haven't caught that
because that would suck I really really
don't want to be ill last night was
awesome next door's dog is going crazy
if you can hit some bark in thanks next
door you dog have been outside barking
for like bloom in three hours or
something let him in let him in well so
I got last night was amazing so thank
you so much to everybody who came thank
you so much to all of you guys with the
support and making that possible
this morning I kind of missed my alarm I
wanted to wake up at like what under him
a lot hop on seven hop on seven and then
I didn't end up waking up until that
twenty minutes past eight because I
skipped my alarm and then somebody tried
to call me really early on from a number
that I don't recognize so I don't answer
stuff like that so I didn't answer it
and then I woke up at 20 minutes past
10:00 and Zoey wasn't here so so he's
obviously downstairs she must already be
up and started the day and everything
I'm guessing Zoe's mom is still here
downstairs with Zoey I need to go and
have breakfast I haven't even got dressy
I'm literally just in my boxers and I've
got hat on and yeah I'm feeling good
about today feeling really really good
got a sore throat so I've got some strep
sail things down here whatever they
don't even know where they are these
things here it will hopefully swap out
my throat honey and lemon laws and just
stretch stills I'm going to get dressed
I'm gonna go and have some breakfast and
we're gonna have a good day okay let's
have a good day the weather let's see
what the weather looks like any pull my
boxers got a wedgie my boxers done a
little bit the weather looks so nice
today guys look at that sky blue sky
ahead means Alfie owns two sheds we do
actually have two sheds in our garden
but I don't know why I said that
that's just my words of wisdom for today
blue sky head Alfie owns to anyways
I'm going to shut up and going up some
breakfast coming then come come on
coming over there guys we've got back to
prison
Anala though he wants her dressing up
back this is like the softest
dressing-gown and then type what are you
doing Oh what spawned okay you take that
and then we're going to open knowledge
after present which appeared and Zoey's
peer box these are the biggest thing in
the entire world
I'm your idea what is inside it there we
go there let's get three good nice no
then do you have a night Jeff one no oh
I go get one on yeah sexy everything
about me so sexy hey you even pretend
don't even bite Andrew stop me
that's not noise no I come to see about
to present come here no good girl
what is it oh no no the knife that's not
your present you've sit with me what
daddy does it see what it is
oh look at her little head Wow not if it
is booty go shorter coming in on the bed
she's getting really excited to Zoe and
Nala not Eva oh ha ha ha - Zoe and Nala
a belated birthday gift from my sweet
sweetie hey TP from my sweet TP is that
right yeah yeah you know that Oh what is
that hammer what is this what is that
your son oh is it like a little ah no
that is the cutest thing I've ever seen
and then this can go inside it no way
what oh my god that's so cute
I literally love a good red oh my god
Zhanna come in in here it can go in her
playpen
and thank you so much guys my sweet pea
something that here we go this is right
my sweetie no it just says my wheat oh
my we tu we need to find that we didn't
get a card with it or anything
is there a pizza turn oh wait my we TP
these people here I'm s hurry mother oh
my we TP yeah my we TP right there we go
thank you so my sweetie P my we TP that
says anything inclusive I want her to go
inside it she will boo she'll be scared
of us we have to get her a treat should
I learn Gary yeah okay like that
Nana look let's go inside
oh she's scared of it them re guys she
was scared of lots of things at first
everything that's got a cover over it
she gets a bit scared about I dream but
like she never you sure to ring the bell
she was too scared to do that and now
she does that all the time
finish it down the DP give her a treat
while she's in it coming in let's go
outside let's get Sun have some fun I
say some fun but what I really mean is
that all of this just fell over this
here is our pillowcases that go on these
pillows and oh my gosh the hot tub has
got Meredith's great granddad has passed
away in the hot tub that is so sad
please can everybody leave some lovely
comments for Meredith's great granddad
and in support of his life although I
don't like spiders we have to remember
that they're living animals you know yep
they go in here the cases the cases go
on these things in here which is like an
indoor little double bed thing I've
shown you guys this our before but I
haven't acknowledged we'll be seen
whether is what that God where's my dad
gone but this thing is sick I should
bring my laptop out here and edit
today's daily vlog in here this is so
nice I want to edit in here today but
anyways I need put the cases on the
pillow to offer knowledge and having a
little sniff around now that are you
sniffing I have no idea right
such a lovely day I've booked a photo
shoot guys I can't tell you what it's
for but I've got to photo shoot from the
6th and the 7th of this month and
outdoors photo shoot with an amazing
photographer who shot me before shot me
that sounds a bit weird isn't it taking
photos of me before snapped me and again
that sounds even more weird snapped meal
I broke my back anyways with an awesome
photographer called Matt and we're going
to go outside and do do like an outside
photo shoot but the weather today like
it is literally just blue sky and I just
know my luck that when we do the photo
shoot next week it's just going to be
rubbish weather so I'm really wish I
could have done it like today or
something but obviously he's working
these of Sagra free works dog there's a
blooming busy they're always always busy
it's hard to put people out you know
anyways I need to put these cases on
these I'm excited for the photo shoot
super super excited this is Owen I've
been trying to film a start a new little
series on my gaming channel for the past
hour or so and it's just not working
nothing at all is going to plan so first
of all I just bought a screen recording
software called reflector for 15 pounds
that I used to use to record my phone
and my iPad and everything like that and
now there's a reflector too so I just
bought that for like 15 pounds to use to
record the screen of my iPad because the
game that we're gonna play it on an iPad
my best
so long and weird today strange and
maybe have come back from not having em
anyways so I bought that software
because I got a new laptop it's not in
this laptop anymore turns out doesn't
work doesn't want to work so then I
restore my laptop doesn't work restart
my iPad doesn't work now I'm just tried
out another thing which is using
QuickTime Player to record my iPad
doesn't want to work so I'm currently
updating my iPad to try and make it work
we've literally been sat here for like
over an hour trying to do it we've got
this we'll set up we've got the light
and set up Zoe's here patiently waiting
we've got this little sleepyhead down
here little sleepy sausage we've had
lunch and everything it is a little bit
later on during the day since when you
last saw because I've been filming a
couple of gaming videos today that did
actually kind of work I see kind of
you'll see why when they go up probably
the same day as this one of them will be
going up but yeah we need to be having
some more food zoom we had to lunch
we at the lunch it was delicious we
ordered it online and I had some pasta
which had like cheese and ricotta Monica
mmm I liked I liked the pattern so we
had the same dishes me for lunch
I liked the pastor but I didn't like the
cheese in the ricotta so I just cut
around the bits and just at the pastor
of the outside is that weird I just
didn't eat the filling it was like
rabbit itical ravioli it was ravioli I
didn't like the filling but a lot the
pasta itself so I'm trying to eat better
my chest is actually feeling a little
bit better
touchwood my chest is actually feeling a
little bit better recently which is
really really nice I say recently over
the last like three days since I've been
kind everything that could possibly
affect it out of my diet and I've also
been making a lot more milk because milk
is really really good for setting settle
in and calming down stuff stomach acid
and obviously acid reflux and stomach
acid so I actually completely cut it out
of my diet for quite a while not on
purpose
I just stopped having breakfast in the
more light cereal in the mornings
still have breakfast but just not cereal
and then whenever I did have Siri or did
have cups of tea or anything
on the milk so I purposely started
drinking a lot more milk recently over
the last couple of days which is really
really helped out my chest I think and
got a glass of milk now and yeah
hopefully my iPad is going to update and
fingers crossed
everything will work because I know you
guys are going to really really like
this series that I'm going to start on
my gaming channel and Zoey might jump in
a couple of them including the first one
which we're about to film now my vest
literally looks like it's all my nipples
a couple of years ago somebody showed me
this thing and then Zoey's just showing
out completely forgot about it and so
it's just been cry laughing since i
watch grace and Joey do it they just do
it recently I don't know quite a few
people I bet you as a while ago and it's
hilarious but you need noise
cancellation headphones these aren't
them but these are barely a while I
think yeah I saw it for a while I
remember me Finn Jack Louie a Marcus all
did it in VidCon ones that had noise
cancellation today yeah and famous I a
analytics better to the alphabet he'll I
can do it is that so yes so basically
what happens is it's called that speech
jammer isn't it yeah so your voice what
you're saying comes back into your
headphones like a second delay after you
say it and if you can't hear your own
voice is really hard because you can
hear yourself but later on to carry on
in time but these on a b c d e f g h i j
k l m n o p q r SD my god oh sorry oh my
gosh guys is jihad a big question about
Rona
would it of course is anyone Center no
but tell me like like something uh no
I'd have to describe something wrong
okay tell me about your day okay wake up
really really late I did a few emails
and then I had Sid not load my daily
yeah well my dative leg there we had
lunch
what and then item pasta I had some pate
and bread and then I also had calamari
um and then I just filmed a gaming video
and then I started etching that and then
I've been navigating with you and then I
sort out the guard a little bit
took Nala wraps so I decide that the
game yeah guys this thing's cool why is
it called speech jammer go and check it
out guys this isn't it so many pulls out
a shower you did that on purpose yes you
did Ashish a shower you did it over but
you didn't crazy this speech jammer
thing is not oh you guys like a boss and
I'm really excited to watch the British
but hey coughing why do you think I'm
watch dr. Foster because I'm really
enjoying the clip oh my god Mitch every
mess up when you try and speak quickly
yeah cuz then you can't hear yourself
guys give this video a thumbs up if you
want Zoey to a video and this tell me
all the things that not a dance that you
love do you order things okay I love it
when she's sleeping the even I'm too
white we'll do that with a ready
Jonathan and Anna oh my Jonathan would
on this all right give it a thumbs up if
you enjoy to do that you should
definitely do that
it is like super super late guys
it is 33 minutes past 11:00 at night now
we just had dinner
we just super relaxed watch loaded TV a
comment by the program one of the
programs we watched I got really really
into Zoey seem to know everything
must watch it like really often we also
watch British Bake Off and worse do we
watch release the hounds which was
really really good
and yeah which had super nice relaxing
evening on the sofa cuddled up with Nala
and now it is time I lifted another
gaming videos well whilst on the sofa
that would get him when Zoe was eating
dinner and then I had dinner afterwards
and but I'm just about now to edit the
video that Zoe and I filmed together
tonight and hopefully I'll be finished
before like 1 o'clock in the morning I
want quite an air fairly early night
tonight the aim is to finish by 1
o'clock it's currently 10 minutes past
1:00 which I'm pretty damn happy with I
was only 10 minutes out guessing the
right time I'm really happy with that so
I'm gonna end the vlog now guys I'm
going to end it down here because OE is
asleep upstairs and as you just saw it
is ten pots one in the morning so I
definitely don't want to wake up because
it's really late oh I need to stop doing
this I need to stop practicing with my
theory stuff I need to do my theory
because I've got I think I've got a
practical book for the end of October so
I really really really need to get on my
theory anyways I'm gonna end the vlog
now if you enjoyed it guys give it a big
ol thumbs up to let me know I will catch
you tomorrow hopefully we can have a
really really good day tomorrow I think
we can do some fun stuff so I'll see you
then have a lovely evening
have a nice day whatever time it is in
the world where you're watching this
hope you're having a lovely day remember
to be positive and surround yourself
with people that keep you happy and keep
you up don't let anybody bring you down
they're not worth your time I'll catch
you tomorrow guys good no
