good morning guys how are you doing so
it is definitely not the morning it is
very very very not the morning and the
time is like that watch is wrong as
usual my watches are almost the time
half past five half past five
I'm using my old vlogging camera or like
my normal one for those of you that
didn't watch yesterday like the small
camera again just because today we've
got a super exciting day as I told you
we are here where is Sean is he gone to
the toilet we're here we're in Madame
Tussauds in London because today is the
official launch like party evening of
Zoe and I which is super exciting so of
course I wanted to save the majority of
the dog to just be this so I didn't
really build much earlier I was trying
to get videos done so I could come here
and be on time and everything and yeah
it's cold today is the day that they
they are fully in nobody has seen them
yet but super exciting Zoe is still on
the way in a car now she's gonna be here
any minute
we haven't I haven't had lunch and it's
half five so these this might have to be
my dinner he excited yeah and Sean's
having away we'd had a long hard journey
to get here and then tonight we've got
people like who's coming tonight
I don't even know Joe Ciccone Jolie's
maybe Casper in the fro maybe Marcus and
no me and Tanya and Jamie I don't know I
don't know who's coming who's not chase
coming Cameron to come in those people
it's gonna be good
would you we get it is time guys we're
off to go and see the figures like super
super excited probably excited Zoe's
here now so I don't if I'm allowed to
film back here
are you mad yeah you've never been here
there's Emma Watson
s'okay look he looks so realistic look
who it is that's so crazy
look look our bum yeah she's really
short isn't shy to say no Zoey hasn't
actually seen me at all look at the boys
having their hair brushed your go sit on
the bike sit on the back of that sure
and slow scared of et look at it hello
you know like Maddie loves this kind of
stuff she's so excited
hello mate Oh a little YouTube set no
way I wanna film your guy's reaction so
weird let the lights as well though his
hands are the things that I'm like so
weird my hello let's pair them real life
let my ring my other ring isn't it so
cool yeah I love the set the whole thing
yes it really still
so now sadly Zoe has just had to leave
because she's just had a massive panic
attack we've been outside she was super
super upset and feels like she's like
failed and stuff which isn't true at all
she she find it really really hard to
come to London and often doesn't speak
about stuff like this
some super rad that she did manage to
come to London and still managed to see
us in wax and everything like that and
have the pictures taken and show her mom
and show her dad was here as well and
stuff but unfortunately everybody's
downstairs and nobody has seen them yet
nobody's been allowed in like over
friends and family and as oh he's just
left in the car and is driving back to
Brighton now with her mum because she
just doesn't she just yeah you guys know
anxiety is like some of the and if you
don't know it's a freaking horrible
thing but she yeah she's had to go home
because she's just really not feeling it
I was super upset and you know she not
happy of herself but it's one of those
things you know anxiety sucks it takes
over people's lives and it's what it is
I suppose so we're still gonna make it
good still gonna be all positive gonna
have a good time tonight I need a wee
then I'm gonna go downstairs and show
everyone what there is okay how you
doing look at Louise's hair for a start
I can see you having a good time
excited yes she thinks I've got a big
job to play with are you gonna play with
Zoe yeah she's gonna show you stuff
you get I was on the champagne this
place is like a maze
I'm the big bitch
Oh
Maddie's getting a picture oh and Dom
look at this look at this this is my
teeth here this is how my teeth are
gonna look after my braces finished
Joe's getting his picture and it's even
bought his own rug people look how
genious Hill him with Obama you know
guys I didn't really Rob much in there
guys at all because I kind of just spent
my evening chatting to everybody and
being in everyone else's videos so I
didn't really end up filming much but
it's over now
went super well how did he go Mads yeah
got mozzie Z's we're about to head home
yeah I didn't really film very much and
that's because it just got super super
busy just talking to everybody and being
in everyone's vlogs and taking pictures
with people when the wax figures and my
hiccups are really annoying me so I'm
back home now we're trying to put Nala
to bed she's running away because she
wants look at her she's standing in a
protest
she's through there look at her waiting
come on coming in come here come to bed
get mom come to bed yeah I'm so excited
that you guys kind of officially
literally as of this day you're watching
this we are there in Madame Tussauds in
London see if you go we will be there
that is crazy crazy how exciting is that
Zoe
it's so exciting isn't it he's looking
at other stuff online you can't handle
easy cuts pickups and braces are that at
the same time yeah ah you guys have been
so crazy supportive and they're like
going crazy aren't stuff like Instagram
and things it is amazing and so many of
our friends are putting up the coolest
pictures and selfies with them you see
look at Darcy touching Kim's bum that's
so funny but yeah I think the cool thing
was there it wasn't just having pictures
with Zoe and I but also everybody there
and I did as well because I I haven't
probably been to Madame Tussauds and
before got to see everybody everybody so
we're having pictures of like Emma
Watson Kim Kardashian Miley Cyrus Barack
Obama like so many people so that was
really really really cool as well and
then also I don't if you saw on the man
shred good old Shrek II boy and I don't
know if you guys saw in the Madame
Tussauds YouTube channel but I'll if you
wish I could click my fingers and his
hiccups would go but and Zoey and I had
a sculpting competition I think it was
like two minutes or one minute or five
minutes or some short period of time
with a competition who could scope nala
the best and then the people at Madame
Tussaud has changed or like clay machine
all's that we attempted to make in into
like what is this like bran is not
bronze no this is like metal it's really
heavy so anyway so I thought for this
vlog I would show you those as well so
this is my attempt of making ala we've
got a little head wrinkles her eyes her
ears and nose and that is there that was
my attempt in five minutes or a couple
of minutes of making our out of clay
and then this here is Zoey's attempt
dude that it is her nose let the nose
look so human a little mouth and her
eyes but they got to go and then they
changed them into like stone or metal or
whatever is and then gave them to us to
keep so we've got my luan Allah knows it
or not let me know in the comments who
you think this is better
who's most looks like Nala but yeah that
is about it so again I'm super sorry
that this vlog was really really short I
just spent the entire evening just
celebrating this amazing opportunity
that Zoe and I have had with my friends
and family and just spending most the
time with them and and their videos so I
didn't end up filming myself so I'm sure
you can go and check out like maybe Joe
sugg did a vlog I know only white only
white definitely did Ciccone Jolie's did
Caroline hyerin's did go check out all
of their videos because they're going to
be probably much better than this one
and have a lot better footage of modern
Tussauds itself so go check out their
videos give this video if you got thumbs
up if your
I don't know if you just if you should
feel it nice and you're you're happy
that we're madame tussauds and it's cold
and you're excited and cuz we certainly
aren't way it's so cool and it's so
exciting and we're reading all of your
feedback online and seeing other
pictures and hope somebody Caspar Lee
just liked my photo there we go
that is the photo of the cast bleachers
night me and and Zoe
I hope these hiccups are gonna again SEC
I'm gonna end the vlog now thank you
again so much for Chen I'm not even in
focus this camera is rubbish there we go
I love you guys so much she loves them
sorry how much you love them a lot of
haha
I uh I don't even know I'm dead I need
to go to sleep I'll catch you tomorrow
with a proper or this verse with weird
moving form a long block okay I promise
you tomorrow's vlog will be good and not
a short one on this I will catch you
tomorrow
good I didn't even come out a hiccup as
I wait to say it night
