good morning guys so last night I kind
of failed as you know from yesterday's
vlog I stayed up until about half-past
two hoppers to my voice won't come out
today and with this guy this big old
camera here trying to get some good
shots of the red moon in the blood-red
moon their Eclipse thing that was going
on but then I kind of fell asleep it was
happening it like the peak time for it
was at 328 in the morning I stayed awake
until about half-past two so I had about
an hour left under an hour left do you
have to get the perfect photo and I was
like right I'm just gonna lay down for a
bit in bed woke up this morning missed
it all missed it all I didn't even take
any photos of it like half looking good
so stupid that thing only happens once
every 36 years and I fell asleep but
well no point being annoyed or
disappointed can't change it now you
know that's what I always say that's why
I always think about things if you're
ever getting like upset or annoyed about
something not happening or happening you
just have to think if you can't change
it if you can change it go and do so if
you can't change it then don't get
annoyed about it because what's done is
done and you can't go back on that and
yeah it might suck it might be annoying
but there's nothing you can do
unfortunately so look forward to doing
other things anyways it's quite late
today it's already late lunch time I've
just edited and uploaded at the daily
vlog I haven't started this didn't book
yet though so that's what I'm doing now
it's rude enough yeah
today is Monday which means filming lots
of new gaming videos because as you know
I'm trying to film three gaming videos a
week now so I film edit and upload them
all on every Monday that's the aim blew
me busy a lot of work but it's worth it
so just finish your editing and
uploading two new videos for today one
of them is the day vlog and the second
one is not a gaming video is not a main
channel video it is in fact a
behind-the-scenes video of when I did
the children in need photo shoot which
was super fun super cool but I wasn't
allowed to tell you guys until the other
day when I tweeted the picture and then
now I've just uploaded
find the scenes video of its that went
up yesterday for you hope you enjoyed it
it was a short little one but it was fun
and now I've got something exciting to
show you so as you know it's not here I
did have I bought that new vlogging
camera and I tried out for a video and
all of you are like no no no don't use
it don't use it don't use it we don't
like it so I don't use that vlogging
camera anymore but what I have done was
brought a new lens this camera here is
what we shoot our main channel videos on
Zowie night we shoot all of like my
gaming videos on it and stuff like that
and it's basically it's called a 70d we
do have five DS as well mark three but
we but I mainly use those for
photography just because the screen
doesn't flip out and hasn't got
autofocus and loads of stuff like that
that you don't really need to know so
what i've done is i've ordered a new
super super super super wide angle lens
for this camera here and I might start
trying a daily vlog on this like I know
it's quite big but I think if it
improves the quality a lot for you guys
the video and the audio then it's
worthwhile and I'm also going to get one
incredibly strong arm as well because
it's heavy holding out like this to vlog
is gonna make me bloomin head count
there's like a workout every single day
that I've vlog I might use it for them
it's text me Zoe I might use it for the
rest of this video and let me know what
you think tell me if it's a lot better
because if it's just like oh it's a
little bit better sometimes Alfie then I
probably won't bother using it just
because it is so big to carry around the
place to take to town and everything
like that but if it is way way better
than this what I'm doing right now then
of course I'm going to use it and I'm
just gonna have to get used to carrying
around a big old camera and holding it
in front of me to vlog and talk to so so
my next clip is going to be on the new
one let me know what you think in the
comments I'm super excited well you let
me out
are you excited for me to vlog on the
bigger camera you are I think it's gonna
be cool I think it could be a
game-changer could be it could be it can
make these videos even better quality
for you guys and that's the aim always
up in the quality up in the content what
I'm doing and yeah okay you get the idea
new lens maybe switching new camera
depend
what you think watching this new camera
this is the one guys it is recording it
is hopefully good quality I don't know
let me know in the comments what you
think so I've just had a parcel arrived
a big ol pot and I forgot what we call
it we used to have a name for like
binders blogs mail time mayo time and
the binders blood thing that was never a
I don't know why I just sang and I've
started opening it a little bit oh but
then I stopped because I was like no I
need to do this review guys so where
where can I show you out blue mini
Amazon how hard you want it to be to
open you open your stuff Oh yo that's
just like cutting my finger
well it didn't it just felt like it hit
i know eivol did a ton of new stuff like
camera equipment wise like I ordered six
new memory cards I ordered a gorilla pod
I ordered a memory card reader and load
of stuff like this but I also know that
yesterday or no day before yesterday I
missed a pass a package so it's waiting
in the post office so I don't know what
this is in here and oh it's my gorilla
pod oK we've got the whole new setup
going it is so heavy with this metal
thing underneath there you guys are a
little bit further away let me show you
I don't know if I can show you what you
look like I don't know how to put it in
a mirror it's kind of basically I've
wanted to vlog and a big camera this
camera at the 70d for ages now and my
friend Katie who lives new New York you
guys know Casey nice that I went to go
and visit him recently in New York he
vlogs on this kind of setup like it's
like a big camera then if you can see
with this thing underneath and I've
robbed for at
to the ages with like a small one
underneath my small little Roggin camera
which is this guy here that I normally
film on I had like a smaller one on this
but since I wanna vlog on this big
camera I thought I would buy one to put
under the big camera it is so heavy
okay see how do you do this I would
honestly rather just hold the camera
like this then hold this big thing
underneath the camera like this like I
don't
oh my gosh I don't think I'm going to be
able to get used to holding this metal
contraption under my camera does this
look better like if I'm vlogging like
this hey guys ah or does this look
better like that because I think I would
drive like this then I would like this
it's so heavy holding the camera like
this as we just got to the park to look
at stupid the dog star they won't let go
they're literally running around the
park together
oh yes buzz busby knowledge one our
mom's got the troops out
guys she was a hedgehog
he was the Hedgehog you ready no we kind
of got the most mangos in the world for
formats max is here as well and not as
here there is ma'am
Zuri and with oh my gosh we've even got
cakes in here forgot about the cakes not
are you ready for lots of Nando's are
you
I completely forgot to film eating our
food we also have puddings as well as so
much food max mashed just much food cake
as well
Zoe opted for no cake being slightly
healthier we're now watching an X Factor
so much crazy good talent this year
that's so much good talent and look at
these two she's literally like two
sitting up like a little human
everybody's gone to bed now max has just
left it is one o'clock in the morning so
technically not even the day that I
meant to be vlogging this vlog on
it is the next day but um Zoe got her
Pierre Bach stuff delivered earlier like
a ton of presents from you guys and
inside there because I don't have a beer
box there's a couple of things for me so
I just thought I would open them now for
the video and just two in particular
okay so I don't know but I know where to
put my camera so I just hold it although
it's quite heavy we'll start off with
number one is this I am so excited to
open s so this is for mr. twice van if
you don't already know it says wild on
the front oh look at the Hat that's so
sick
I love that look at this and then he
ever says Alfie thanks for the constant
love and support hope the music is good
and the jumper is Snuggie oh snuggly yes
yes to always give me a jumper it's got
a little wild sticker this is are so
professional
I feel bad for riffing this no way look
at that choice of an top the box on the
floor that is sick I love how it's black
on black I don't if you guys can see but
it says wild like there is such a nice
quality jumper no way even says out
beyond air
can you go no I'm gonna put you guys
down and let me put something under
there how it insane
I want to put it on straight away I love
this it's so soft
thank you so much joy gift number two
from another youtuber who I also love so
much this for mr. Sawyer hot than
everybody and this year says the
parallax theory which is his brand new I
think it is a feature-length film like
it's a full-length film I haven't really
I haven't seen it I need to I need to
get my hands on a copy firm this is just
insane by American youtubers an
australian youtuber stepping up the game
then can you see I can't see ya I taught
something dearest Alfie Zoe and pug even
in the business of lives we need time
for friends and fun I hope you enjoy
this on your next date night at home
Monsieur or the best soya thank you so
much so yeah we will enjoy on our next
date night and then in the inside but
then if you can see it says air food and
water that is the basic recipe for
keeping the human body live all the rest
and love laughter enjoy now that's what
you're staying alive for that isn't I
love that okay I don't know how to show
you that
the unpacking here is the panic theory
emergency rescue blanket destroy off to
use for single use reduce shock keep
patient warm dry and clean helps against
hypothermia
simply wrap around the total body
leaving face uncovered very handy what
is this the perixx there is it left a
bottle of water of like a clip you fill
it up with water to keep you alive
this here is a little torch insert flash
drive into the USB port of your computer
that's connected to the Internet open
the parallax drive click launch this
will fill in your personal promo code
and allow you to watch episodes as they
release weekly on Vimeo amazing so as
always just saying I haven't been able
to watch yet or when I haven't I'm in
purchase two anywhere this is a free
copy of their that's sick that is the
coolest USB I have ever seen the box is
making noise if you don't open it the
Box makes Louise
can you see it can you see it it's just
the parallax theory Vincent Cyr and then
it's that it's the force as opposed to
up the film oh my gosh guys there you
were just sick they were such cool
presents and even better that they're
for my friends not just from a company
or something that is unbelievable thank
you so much
Troy and Sawyer for those they're
amazing if you guys haven't already jail
somebody's text to me sure sucks texted
me why is he texting me at half past
1:00 in the morning yeah if you guys
haven't already checked out wild by
twisted man you guys need to go and
check it out and if you haven't already
checked I the parallax theory by Sawyer
Hartman again you guys need to go check
it out they're both so exciting I am so
proud of my friends know you can just
these two so many of my YouTube friends
I just doing such incredible things at
the moment it is insane how many awesome
opportunities are coming from YouTube
and I'm so proud of everybody for just
focusing on things that they love and
just making them happen
it is insane so to all my friends out
there well done you guys are killing the
game do you need to go to bed yeah let's
back to bed guys it is time to bring
holiday to bed my hair is in my face
have you had nice cuddles mommy yeah we
tell you but we we first Kim in them all
right she put you to bed come in then
come to bed now that loves got into bed
because she knows as soon as she gets
into bed you get a treat don't you
what's this righty-ho
hi I'm gonna go to bed now guys so thank
you so much for watching today if you
enjoyed it please give it a big ol
thumbs up if you enjoying this new
camera do let me know in the comments
and be honest because it is a big big
big mish to hold but I think it could be
worth if the quality is a lot better
look how big it is this is what I'm
vlogging with this big old camera but if
the quality if the quality is a lot
better then of course it's worth it and
I can just get stronger and get used to
holding the tumbler up you know happen
to be a little bit quite because both of
Zoey and Louis mom are asleep upstairs
tomorrow we have got the most exciting
date ever we get to go and see ourselves
in wax finished and done in Madame
Tussauds we've got a launch party
tomorrow
let me tell us for lunch watch the vlogs
we've got a launch party tomorrow in
Madame Tussauds like 7:00 p.m. in the
evening so I am super super super
excited for that we've got all my family
going all of the zombies family going
we've got a load of our YouTube friends
going it's gonna be sick
it's gonna be so cool I'm super excited
to not only see might let me zoom out a
little bit no I need to see myself but
to have friends and family see myself in
wax this lens is crazy look look how
wide it can go I like it
I think it's cool them yeah I'm super
super super excited about tomorrow it's
going to be all of them
it's going to be so much fun it's gonna
be crazy just seeing that you guys
starting the 30th of September if you go
to Madame Tussauds in London Zoe and I
will be there like I literally be
sitting there mad until you sort like
it's crazy the other people in there
alike
emma watson taylor swift the queen and
then little old me and Zoe to me me it's
crazy it is unbelievable and it's all
because of you guys as I've told you
before the way in which you get put into
Madame Tussauds is simply by voting when
somebody goes to Madame Tussauds they
get given a slip at the end as they
leave and have to write down who they
wish was there for some reason Zoe and I
were the most voted people last year and
that's what we got chosen it is insane
so thank you guys so much for the sport
you guys are making things like this
possible yeah I'm just so excited for it
to be finally out there because if it's
been in the works for so long and it's
just gonna be sick it's gonna be so fun
for you guys as well so I hope you enjoy
it as much as we and we've enjoyed
making it and doing in being involved
and everything and thank you to the guys
I'm sure I'll say like a proper thank
you and everything tomorrow but it's
just something crazy that we've been
able to do and it's because of you guys
so thank you for that yeah I'm gonna go
to the innominate my vlog down here
because those guys all asleep I say all
both of them Zoe and her mom are asleep
upstairs and I don't want to be waking
anybody up although I'm probably waking
people up now whilst talking but yeah
let me know about the new camera if
you're enjoying it
give her the video thumbs up thank you
so much to Troy and soya for the
presents
much much much appreciated I love them
so thank you guys so much as well for
the presents yeah that is about it I
hope you enjoy the book
and then how gonna sleep it's like
nearly half-past one how on earth am I
gonna fall asleep I've got from three
gaming videos tomorrow morning and do my
daily vlog before we leave for Madame
Tussauds so I've got to get some sleep I
will catch you tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow I'm never gonna fall asleep
I'll catch you tomorrow guys give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will you say that I don't know let me
know in the comments about this camera
if it is a lot better or not I'll see
you tomorrow
good bye good bye
damn it nearly broke when he lens with
my ring already
