hey guys so I've just got an extra
little video to go up today that I
nearly completely forgot about but I'm
so glad that I didn't so a while ago I
got the amazing opportunity and I got
asked to be involved with children in
need which is awesome but I love
children in need so much of course I
said yes I went down to London and I did
like a top-secret photo shoot in a
secret location that I didn't even know
where it was it was already fancy I'm
really cool and I had so much fun
so I daily blogged it but I wasn't
allowed to upload it until today until
this day now you're watching this so I
filmed with this footage forgot I even
had it but like it was saved on my
computer luckily I sent it oh and it is
now ready for you guys to watch it if
you want one of the t-shirts that I'm
wearing in the video then there's a link
down below to where you can purchase one
and as you see I sign one of the
t-shirts in the video if you want the
chance to get that signed t-shirt it is
going to be auctioned and but it's not
yeah the auction isn't up for a couple
of weeks so don't think so
I will let you know my daily vlogs once
the auctions live and you guys can bid
on the t-shirt that I was wearing and I
signed in the staff but yeah just I hope
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up if you do it was a super fun day an
amazing amazing opportunity so yeah it's
a little short extra video I hope you
enjoy it this is the t-shirt chosen guys
apparently everybody every Manuel doing
this is wearing a t-shirt so of course I
had to pick the gold one just had my
hair done as well
oppa back
these are the black ones and then this
is the gold run I really like that the
design by filming this now and a parent
is not allowed to talk to except timber
because there's probably quite some time
to actually watch that so probably not
have this is cool it's really exciting
to do this right these ones the ones
that we've gone up and down and stuff so
these are some of the pictures we've
just take
and you stop whatever you're doing right
now almost as much money as we can
so this here is my t-shirt guys I'm
about to sign it now and then it's going
to be auctioned so I will try and leave
a link down below to where you can grab
it if you want it ok
there we go
