good morning guys I'm currently just
making the bed you know doing doing
those kind of things making the bed and
everything it's pretty late already
what's the terms away basically it's not
gonna be the morning this tropical
lunchtime I've had a super big line
today because last night might be pretty
late and I'm just feel knackered I don't
know I feel so tired I know why I feel
tired last night we had the worst
night's sleep
we got woken up like eight times or
something throughout the night so we
tried to have not to sleep in in this
little bed thing but on the floor down
there next to us rather than in our bed
she didn't like that she kept on waking
up running around the ball on the bed oh
you kidding little feet running from
side to side of the bed trying to get
his own eyes attention shear man jumping
on the bed ruffling around licking her
out like literally just woke us up
throughout the whole night I had the
worst sleep ever because of her so I
ended up having to put her downstairs in
her bed at about 5:00 a.m. because we
just couldn't handle it anymore we're
like this isn't why I feel both just
awake I need to have a shower now
so I'll catch you in a little bit I've
also promised Zoe that I will make us
breakfast I said that I'll make us like
scrambled eggs and sausages and toast
and stuff like that so I need to make
some breakfast such a lovely day today I
get this little one she's just always
glued to my legs
she's just loves sitting and you're not
doesn't she Zoe's already been up and
filmed a video how productive is that
and I as you can tell I've just got out
of the shower I thought I'd wear like a
nice new t-shirt so from here I look
quite nice if I say so myself and then
in the bottom half can you show them
what houses I'm wearing I just bought
these the other day just for comfy
lounging around and my mum and dad just
popped over just now to pick up
something that they left the other day I
said pick up something actually their
car it was their car because they were
into the wedding obviously and they left
the guy here because we had somebody
else drive us there look at my trousers
they're so strange
they're like this they're like little
short
tight here and then look big and baggy
great for nappies or my bedside table
right now and chocolate yeah I'm fizzy
drink naughty
what do you up to breakfast then
Butthead oh we've got a rainbow look
where's that coming from
I've got a rainbow on me no oh it's on
my crotch
anyways what you want for breakfast yeah
yeah reenact what's open you're gonna
say some cereal I said tada God making
breakfast
scrambled eggs beans sausage own tastes
like scrambled egg easy to make beans
obviously easy toast easy to make got my
new mobile I'm supplement come kind of
getting used to the size now guys I'm
getting used to how big is my boss the
last one sausages I think that we have
nice sausages oh we do yeah sausages
there we go right I'm gonna get cooking
one of these I also need to do all the
dishes we've got a ton of like dirty
dishes and stuff I need to empty the
dishwasher and everything so I'm gonna
get in the cleaning cooking zone and
then yeah I'll update you in a bit on
how the breakfast is if it's going well
if it's going bad then we might end up
with cereal
okay so I've done the dishwasher I've
also tidied up all the bins I'm about to
take them out later on once we finish
our breakfast Zoey has ended up more or
less cooking the breakfast even though I
said dad could get for you now is that
number one because I've been lazy in
YouTube / is that that one quite
possibly yes I was very hungry
Oh number two because you know that
you're cooking it better than me so
you're just taking it I knew I would yes
I'm actually coming down
not to cook those experts of baking
cause they're breaking eggs I'll go to
the older baby you know that although it
may be a little bit like rubber
that's a sausage just look good she have
a look and breakfast is served
neither is sniffing everything on the
floor you little naughty one
look a delicious this looks Thank You
half to you and thank you have to me
oh then maybe it's about a tip sends
over don't tell them I only did that I
tied it up with the kitchen as well
watch you work again my wife's cooking
would have been possible what should I
wear
want to wear an apron of some sort so
that I don't spill the food down my new
top this little one just won't let me
eat well yeah I just don't when you're
my lap was eaten get to spill it on you
hey there's no need to look so sad I
know what you're doing look at you know
she's doing just watching the TV just
watching TV
I'm just exporting a new video you can't
really see it so what that scream thing
on there we go my new videos just saving
I've got this little flop you want to
sleep on my legs
Zoey's editing a new daily is it a daily
vlog big old daily vlog and then what we
think we're gonna do is I've just filmed
a new video of Zoey but I don't really
want it on my main huge basically I was
meant to upload a new main Channel video
today I had it planned with Casper and
then I did I completely forgot to ask
him if he could fill me I just had this
video plan that I wanted to shoot with
him and it turns out we're gonna film it
on like Monday or something and then now
we're gonna film it when he gets long
story short I don't have a video for
this week I did have one but I hadn't
filmed it yet and I can't film it
like another week or two when Casper's
back from South Africa yes I'm fortunate
video for this week so sorry about that
guys there wasn't a video there with
them there wasn't a media for you
yesterday I hope you understand I'm
still uploading three gaming videos a
week and seven daily folks so it's not
like you're not getting videos cause I
mean I did just film a little video for
you to go on this channel my second
nutritional just as like an extra one
this week just to give you guys
something that I know you're going to
enjoy because I didn't get the main
Channel video up so we just shot a
zoella reacts to my first videos so I
let the Zoey have free roam of all my
private hidden videos on YouTube she got
to choose what she wanted when she
wanted to watch them and it was bad for
me
good for her bad for me but and what
we're gonna do today is once this video
just goes up now it's just 79% exported
we're gonna head over are we still going
over we still know that yeah we're gonna
head over to the Saucony Jodi's house
and spend the day with them which we're
really really nice and I think we're
gonna take little flop head down here
because the last time she went over
she was super super like on edge and a
little bit scared little bit shaky of
wood the dogs obviously there's a lot of
dogs over there do they've got six dogs
they've six dogs
so um it's a lot for not a lot to deal
with but we think it's something that'll
be good in the future she can get used
to going over there and enjoying being
around six dogs then that's a good thing
for for young dogs I can't leave that in
because I'm just too weird yeah that's
good I'll just go I'd like port I make
myself a cup of tea and then I'm like
good morning peppermint tea oh I'm like
it's a good morning Haggar having a
great day and poke and put a little bit
calling this cuz great a lot yeah weirdo
right let's get these videos up I need
to upload mine and then we can start
heading over to the sigourney Rolly Jo
leash Mobley's everything is done it is
time to leave we kind of forgot to tell
them that we're bringing our line I mean
I hope that's okay I'll just text them
now they have yet
to reply but we are packing everything
up give another lunch and going off to
the worldi Scottie Motor Show Liz might
whether you choose again these are super
comfy yesterday excited Zoe's also
blogging today
hello I'm really hungry
Mike quickly these two sauce you didn't
even eat your present yesterday it's
going to be hard if you don't eat it
soon what right now we save it's still
quite soft we'll save it for tonight I'm
gonna put my shoes on and then what on
earth have you got in there oh yes I
know what you got in there right let me
put you down there oh that's the worst
camera angle in the world isn't it
what maze well I don't even know why I'm
still filming hello I haven't got
anything else to say Stefan I'm putting
my shoes on we're finally on the way
look how nice the weather I'm not
getting blinded I didn't bring my
sunglasses
such nice weather hi oh it's up to work
where you go do your duty duty what
happened
Oh No is there a monster should we go
and get it screaming I will call you
quickly go and get it Emilia is it in
there is it in there you scare them away
all the dogs are going crazy
Oh which one this one or this one this
one ready lift it - a piggy went to
market this is your piggy stayed at home
this little piggy had roast beef this
little piggy had none
and this little piggy one mother's best
friend is nada not your best friend
thank you
we're now watching us gonna Jolie's on
TV there we go everybody the YouTube
phenomenon we're talking about Harry
Potter quizzes because Jonathan's just
launched his new channel that he doesn't
blow Don and when was in two days ago
yeah two days ago he said he's come up
with two videos a day no you're gonna
set up one did you had it fast three or
four girls right
I did like five no I started it was like
a new year's resolution sensor cameras
like buh sorry we're talking my
different video ideas for him and we
talked about doing a Harry Potter quiz
yeah so I'm gonna start a question of
one of your Harry Potter quizzes on this
channel what is wrong sister's name mrs.
Weasley my sister look into the G Gina
John yes a really basic Harry Potter
questions that's why it's funny I know
we say Jonathan watch I wants to do
Harry Potter called the fourth one
what's the change is good Harry Potter
Harry Potter to
what two three four something
philosophers week what sword the
thrusters wand you're right
yeah as if you got that yeah the
Philosopher's name if you were sneaking
the trainer's of it it's a philosopher's
snake
there we go everybody take an
inspiration off my 90-day challenge yeah
find what you're gonna do for that go to
the 92nd do some before and after
pictures sorry what did you saw what is
the school in Harry Potter called and
what did you answer endorphin is a house
within the school and that's what
Griffin or Gryffindor Gryffindor is a
house within what skull
what school of Harry Potter you have to
know this I'm not even in focus
yeah I think you know what it is yeah
which station does Harry Potter get to
Hogwarts nine and a half
I never get this thing it told me it's
when you don't know somebody's name yeah
in Arlen it's like slime yeah I was like
talking about you're right you are when
you Michael
before I hit the ball hit the ball yeah
that's not the Owls names name head
something yeah
Zoe is trying to prank me then a where
she is hide in Zoe why she trying to
scare me I basically need to turn off
this light in the hallway but I'm not
gonna do it and then turn more on
because I know she's gonna jump out from
somewhere she's in here like behind the
door or something okay that's a good one
she's even trapped in there now well
she's in the bathroom
oh my god I literally went nearly
dropped the camera bloomin hair my gosh
I did not mean you're behind the bed
right guys tonight it is called a super
blood-red moon or something so it's like
a super blood red the clips or moon or
something today basically where there is
an eclipse and it happens once every 36
years and it goes super blood-red so it
happens at 3:27 in the morning the time
now is 225 in the morning so I've got an
hour and 17 minutes so I think I might
edit this video you're watching now
before I go to sleep and that means that
I will
I'll still be awake when it happens and
I got my big old camera ready a bit
excessive but I got my camera ready to
go take pictures of the moon - blood red
I don't know how good it's gonna be it
could just look rubbish at the moment
the moon looks sick it looks so big oh
yeah like so big oh I can see it a bit
out that window let me show you if I
open this I may be able to just take my
photos later no there's a blooming tree
in the way okay brilliant
now it's focused on the blooming tree in
the way over okay so it doesn't look
like I'm going to be getting my photos
from that window unless I want a tree in
the way so anyways I'm gonna interlock
now guys I might try and get some
pictures later on if I'm still awake
hopefully I will be but certainly
happens once every 36 years so don't
particularly want to miss it I think it
might be might be worthwhile just
staying up if you enjoyed the vlog guys
please give it oh I forgot the car keys
a road map okay if you enjoyed the vlog
please give it a big old thumbs up to
let me know bye guys I catch you to my
tomorrow morning I might have a lie in
my arms making like a shadow I might
have a lie into my because it's so late
now and especially if I wake up to say
pictures of this moon yeah I'll catch
you tomorrow
