good morning guys how are you it's early
my throat feels really soft for some
reason and Wow my first like I've
swallowed a sand pit need to get some
water
watch for water look fizzy well good
just watch my watered on this look at
that it looks like it's fizzy oh and I
may be oh I used one of my bows Nala
be careful gorgeous Wow again she is
very hyper last night I mean tonight
this morning I caught him as calm down
what'd she do in white notice it coming
out that worked so well what ah she's
like she's actually doing that on
purpose blue my neck anyways guys today
we've got a super fun day planned I said
I don't let you know if we've got a
super fun day planned all the notes that
we're going for breakfast we have to be
at poppy and Shaun's new flower in 17
minutes I'm still in bed and Zoey's got
wet hair and it probably takes five or
ten minutes to drive there and to dry my
hair we may be a little bit late but it
doesn't matter because we've got
breakfast but oh hello hello hello hello
right calm down Missy sit down
look don't make a high bar yeah we've
got breakfast but - ten o'clock and a
little breakfast place that we've never
been before
and yeah I don't even know I'm saying I
just need to get outta bed don't I right
I'm gonna go to bed and get dressed
capturing a flip-flop goodbye baby she's
eating a little treat laying down got a
water down there and everything see you
later
we're now off for breakfast
perhaps I could eat
in exile yay that's good
oh then we're going to a new place and
apparently so then they called the
healthy stuff because starting today I'm
going to properly try and just commit to
eating everything that could possibly
not affect my chest not affecting acid
reflux no tomatoes no coffee no tea no
spicy food sleeping on my right-hand
side everything a breakfast is alive
every time he goes much like a card on
rye bread you're taking Instagram sorry
what happened last time what happened
last time we were in here sorry less
that get books there we go there's a
video clip of snickerson's oh yeah and
everyone loves that come in here these
are cool just everything sick in here
finish up reckless we're shopping in
town now I need to get myself the case
my phone if it is literally the biggest
phone in the world and I know I'm going
to drop it and start from scratch
so also shoe shopping for poppy japanish
you want some boots in here oh wait my
shoes you could get these shoes in here
I'm wearing new shoes as well yeah these
are Clark's originals they're probably
so easy
well there we go
yeah there were you but why they were
I've got these the others feed on yeah
they were I've got I had days so comfy
on yes so slippery though when it greens
is it yeah I feel my heart is the first
one for your side yours a lot rustic
here like
was popular looking at
right which color case do I go I'm
thinking this light gray one quite like
this that's nice isn't that am I going
to get this run really dirty I like that
I almost want to try it or this run I
think this one kind of ended up going
for one that I didn't even show you guys
the ones I was looking at one leather
and I wanted to leather ones they're
more robust so ended up going for this
one here which is like proper level
looking and I think the more it gets
worn and scratched and dirty the better
it's going to look because it's like
that kind of feel I think it will do
they like these shoes they need to get
scratched in stuff they're too new but
where we go now the guys were in super
drug they're testing some of those new
stuff just go on it the girls have gone
crazy
Belair little soap pop on a stick that's
lit you the last one and then there's
some of these wonder hand as well but
there's not much left really everything
has just been savaged I've just asked
for pair shoes as well some gray ones
that kind of how can you describe these
shoes I just order but Nick got it
like plaited shoes fit we're good hope
you want some of these boots over here
Sean's also getting some shoes we were
joking the second thing I'll shoreless
sende was going to order to get some new
trainers and we've all want to choose
that's ridiculous I'm wearing new shoes
today as well so that I don't need
energy
don't let me buy any more shoes right
Bobby's probably spannabis and I buy
like five pairs of shoes and then wear
them all over different days poppin buys
one pairs of shoes ruins like where
they're ruined and then buys another
path these are the shoes are sold Matt
guys these are I've just got but he's
not a bit too summery to buy now I mean
I got you know it's really nice weather
today yeah that's true also I think
they're cheaper because there's less
material they're really go I'm just
telling myself that they're not as
expensive in it as any other shoes in
the shop it's going to get so a little
cake
I think that they heart went over there
that might not be the hot ones quite big
is neck for like two or three people
each month so cute okay oh my gosh I'm
back home I'm back home and though it's
not here I thought so he was here
looking after Nala after breakfast
papi and I and Shaun went into town and
then the others went back to the houses
mum and dad took buzz out for a walk and
I thought the Zoey came back to look
after Nala Nala is no longer in her
little plague and little thing that she
has down here and neither Zoey in the
house anywhere nor Nala
so guessing Zoey must have taken on out
the walk so so lucky that I found some
coins on the side because I just got a
taxi back home and I didn't have any
money on me but I knew that Zoey had
some cash at home so as I spine once we
put up I'll just run in get the money
off of Zoey and then pay for the taxi
and I'm like banging on the front door
no answer like nothing on the front door
no answer so I get luckily I have my
keys in my back I don't often take my
keys with me which is a bad thing always
take your door keys with you don't rely
on anyone else and luckily I had them on
me so open the door I'm like Zoe Zoe
I've got text the outside one you're on
from the door not replied like Zoe this
isn't funny don't dry and prank me I've
genuinely got attacks outside and I need
to pay for it no one's ever liked Zoe
someone okay maybe she's taking
knowledge to the toilet look outside
nope damn it how on earth am I meant to
pay for this taxi that is waiting
outside to be paid when I have no money
on me but luckily
just around the different places on the
side here on the side and the table in
my pocket in like the tiny little pocket
in your jeans up here I found a couple
of pounds and then I had enough over
altar to pay for the taxi
so it's all good but wait there's my car
let me see if Joey's car is here as well
I don't know where else she would go
unless she took the dog on a walk with
mum and Buzz or yeah how car's not there
a car's not outside my dougie my dougie
everything in a nice walk with mummy and
bears oh and 300 sneezed you literally
came up here just sneeze in my face
that's not very nice is it
alright and now you go in Frank's for
that Missy she literally just came up
here when in my face and went bad
downstairs awesome
so you guys know that was only present
in town she's just opened it without
even asking me have you opened it
have you opened that you did open it
you're lying
you don't open and I was like this
present for you I was drawn to it
because it looked quite Christmasy you
know with the Christmas tree in the snow
and yeah it's a present for you
there you go you careful with that I
went and I look like that and all I saw
was nothing you sure where's this frog
that oh my god what flavor is that
salted caramel
how do I eat it what I gave in the
middle yeah cadet guys if my camera will
focus on that look at that look at that
guys healthy I need to have lunch before
I eat that but it looks really good
okay where's it from um macaron shop
I am all dressed and ready for the
wedding that I told you about yesterday
taking the super symbol because we're
not going what's the actual thing we're
going to let the dinner the celebration
like the evening bear we're not going
we're not going to the actual like
wedding wedding bit and everyone is
dressed up and Zoey's not coming because
it's like family thing and I don't think
she's even met the person who's getting
married have you ever met Kevin sorry
never again so wearing dad's got his new
suit on that we bought together the
other day
feeling cool feeling gorgeous very smart
Papa's real dressed up mums all dressed
up should we go I see my bag happy I
thought you would go into a wedding why
he's still at home well I have been to
the wedding we had a driver take us to
the wedding and then wait for us whilst
we were there and then drive us back
home because it was like all the way in
London so I left my bag with my laptop
and my hat and chargers and hairspray
and everything in the car I also left
this camera in the car which is amazing
because our daily vlog and I left my
vlogging camera in the car the entire
wedding so I couldn't film it nice one
Alfie really really great but I didn't
really want to film too much of it
anyway because obviously was a family
thing and I don't really film too much
of my family that might not want to be
on YouTube I don't really know and plus
there was little each 99% of people
though I didn't even know and also if
somebody's wedding which is very
personal thing so I didn't want to film
a lot of it anyway so turns out I didn't
film any of it because I didn't have my
camera so I just thought I'd update you
let you know what's happened I had an
amazing time it was really really nice
such a lovely wedding nice to see people
I hadn't seen for literally years and
years and years
some people are growing up like you know
when you see like oh yeah
make sure the water's cold you know you
see like family friends after actually
ages and everybody is like I'll feed the
last time I saw yours when you were 2
years old and now you're all good enough
look at you
well I was that person ever send that
other people Ben and Ella which are the
children of the couple that were getting
married the last time I saw them I'm
sure they were but it felt like they
were like 7 years old it felt like they
just felt like little children
I honestly walked into the wedding look
to this girl nearly what passed inositol
wait that that's the daughter like my
godfather what the hell how is she and
she's in year 10 now and how we how are
you that old how are you so mature and
it was crazy and as well as with the son
as well been like he came straight up
and said hello and I shook my hand and
I'm like you're not a little boy you're
like a problem boy man you're like big
what the hell so it's crazy it's really
really cool but I was that I was that
local person that was going last time I
saw you you looked so younger yeah
anyways I de super fun time so I don't
even know I've loved today because I
didn't vlog the wedding which I thought
I was going to vlog a little bit of the
time is currently nearly half past 12
honor past half past 12
it is 34 minutes past 12:00 so it's
pretty late Nala and Zoey upstairs in
bed asleep and yeah I'm going to end up
down here so I don't wake them up all
that probably half because I'm talking
so loud so if you enjoyed the video what
I did film give it a big old thumbs up
to let me know that you did I kind of
feel like a bowl of cereal although I
shouldn't that's bad my acid reflux
although I have a drink I've heard that
milk is good for low calming down
neutralizing the stomach acid don't know
how true that is
I've just heard it so can I have a glass
of milk for going to bed also make my
muscles nice and no not my my source
that would be good make my bones nice
and strong and anyways I said I was
going to end the vlog now right yeah
I've already said if you enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up what else we're going to
say
just gots a good bite that is about it
so I'll catch you tomorrow I'll try and
mint tomorrow's blog more interest on
sorry that I left the vlog camera in my
bag
typical Alfie being stupid I will catch
you tomorrow
good
