good morning guys right that was a high
pitch one today
it was a very high pitch good morning
how you doing
do you have an end nice day I'm just
having lunch at the moment it is not the
morning even though I just say good
morning I just ordered the most amazing
food because I've just been editing and
editing and doing emails and stuff like
that for the last like hour or so so I
just ordered some food so that I could
carry on welcome although I say carry on
working and now watching Marcia's new
daily blog and this is my lunch I've got
the burger in half it is a gourmet
burger kitchen which is gbk chicken
satay burger with skinny fries super
skinny little chips and the absent
dishes and then I delicious another
can't even speak and then I got am a
massive Oreo milkshake which is amazing
I've just been thinking this morning a
chat to my sister about how excited I am
for everything to arrive at the office
not this office not this little room but
my big office and like as you know
ordered all the furniture and I just
can't wait for it to arrive like it's
going to be amazing it's going to be so
much fun and I've had some really really
really cool video ideas and things that
I want to shoot and start doing and
series and some of that once I and wants
to stop working they're fully and I want
to start working there in probably about
two weeks time realistically once or the
furniture arrives and everything I'm
just been speaking to a company who are
going to make my desks hopefully for me
so it's all it's all looking good it
looks like such lovely weather today
like so nice hopefully hopefully I can
go outside at some point so he's not
feeling too well she's currently in bed
upstairs and she has been working well
this morning but isn't feeling great now
I need to eat my lunch before it gets
cold I just wanted to start the vlog now
because it's already wonderful at
lunchtime and I started it so late I
need to get back into starting it in bed
I need to get back into working out as
you guys know my trainer
Fifi up there as you know my trainer my
personal trainer went away for a month
to LA which is having the best time ever
like I'm seeing pictures he's uploading
and everything like that I've been
chatting to him a lot but I find it so
hard and it is
because I don't drive which I'm learning
to do soon but and I find it so hard to
work out when I haven't got somebody
knocking on my door in the morning and
taking me to the gym and making me go
and working me really hard and stuff
like that so he's back in like a week or
two and then I'm going to start properly
working out and eating healthy and
everything again because stuff like this
can't carry on eating that this it is
not good nuh nuh
are you ready why are you running away
what's daddy gonna do let's get this and
we'll study oh so you found a little one
from earlier what is this new care
excited no Nala good girl good girl baby
well I thought this was going to be
money why phone that was meant to be
arriving today this here it's definitely
not a blooming iPhone Zoey what you
ordered
they said the longest pole in the entire
world
I feel nothing like Gandalf or some it
will just start you must know what
you've ordered look at that wallpaper or
something it's like oh my god what is it
my gosh the Bell has just been rung
there was a delivery man outside he's
about to knock on the door now
please saves the iPhones awesome for you
thank you so much thank you this is the
lightest box in the world it is
definitely not an iPhone damn it wait
yo what you ordered you're in literally
is like the lightest thing Zoey you're
just permanently tricking me every time
the door goes I think it's my iPhone
you've got an iPhone on the way is that
we also got an iPhone 6s come in look at
this is I got the six plus s yeah so did
I it's not the lightest box in the world
I like your top as well Zoey's rocking a
pointless blog top so I said I told the
Maddy one that you're a little bit
poorly I thought that was nihilus leg
then I was like oh but it was like you
felt better when you thought it was an
iPhone and now it's up some bloomin
sellotape or something I bet you what
have you ordered again it's not the same
the same Mary Kay Hughes I've got
another posture I didn't realize light
bulbs are you kidding me like Oh how
many did you buy it's the small ones you
have to put two in each like you know
the ones I mean the lamp one there's
literally like 30 light bulbs in hey
guys if I never bought any
would never have he excited for your
iPhone yeah I've never had a big the big
one we both ordered the big plus one at
for rose gold even though I don't think
it's Rose Cottage yeah it's more pink I
went for the Space Gray one which is the
same ones that I've already got but I'm
just excited the new camera really
that's all I wanted for one it see if I
can baby build winnette better
instagrams
bigger screen I'm so excited like let
alone just get it I'm feel super super
happy and lucky that I can get one let
alone get on the release day because
they just came out today
oh is it for those lights okay now I
understand why you got it also guys look
at this I got my steamer set up got my
blooming steamer so what you do is you
hang your clothes on here turn it down a
bit
you hang a t-shirt whatever you want on
there and then you get this this guy
here and it blows hot steam out of those
holes and then you go shhh and it takes
like ten seconds and then all your
clothes are all nice and ironed and you
don't have to iron them you have to get
an ironing board and iron and it's
cheaper as well look at that is it's
rippling with water in it I keep on
hearing motorbikes outside and doors
like closing of cars and stuff like that
and pulling over near our house and
every time I hear a car door closed or a
motorbike engine turn on or off I'm like
my phone Viper's here and then I sit
here waiting and then no door alarm goes
off I mean doorbell thing whatever it is
called where is it basically my iPhone
and Zoey's iPhone was in London earlier
they got sent to an office in London and
they got picked up from that office at
half-past five it is now three minutes
to 8:00 they should have been here by
now unless the person is also doing a
lot of different deliveries on the way
my face looks so much better when I
shave but a twenty-minute will line
around here as well so it doesn't come
as low but shortest of all what's
manager
she is watching that film
you enjoying that Nullah you enjoying it
yeah Oh she'll go back to it what look
at her she loves watching screens
guys this is either my iPhone or pizza
that we just ordered oh my gosh I'm
begging it's the iPhone I'm gonna put
you guys back down here hi there hi
journey thank you very much Cheers
yes I'm so happy
I am so happy oh my gosh it doesn't look
like an iPhone but that's because they
put it in in an emoji box to hide what
it was because obviously we don't want
any delivery man knowing that it's to
iPhone brand-new ones that just came out
today in case they ever thought actually
I fancy one of those who might take it
yes yours yes I'm sort of lemon excited
I'd over the last time I was this
excited over patches and something I was
so excited here we go let's cut it open
keep the box nice yes a called L emoji
box here we go
oh you got the small one mm you were
meant to get the big one okay it is time
to open this thing up I went for the 128
gigabytes the most memory possible
because you guys know I love to take
pictures I love to take videos so it's
got to be the most Georgia can possibly
get let's cut this guy open I'm
literally so excite lie down okay you've
already gathered how excited I am for
this look at that
my phone is upstairs I'm scared about
the plus the plus is going to be very
very oh my gosh look how big it is
oh I should have got a case I haven't
got a case and I should have got a case
I'm going to go into town tomorrow and
get a case first thing okay but I'm
going to set it all up and everything
and then we'll we'll have a little play
with it I'm going to back it up from my
from my previous iPhone as well I'm
going to get my laptop here putting my
SIM card and back it all up and get it
going and then I'm so full so I did I
finally got my new phone all sorted this
is the new one this is the old one it is
literally so much bigger almost like a
bloomin iPad Mini so far absolutely love
it and yes it does the most important
thing fit straight into my pocket which
is the best thing for me because if it
didn't fit in my pocket we'd have some
issues really so I'm super glad with
that put them next to each other so you
can properly see the size at that the
difference in size now I don't want to
do this like a blooming tech review this
is just a daily vlog but I have got some
small snazzy little the quality of this
front-facing camera is just insert look
like I'm going to take a selfie now and
then attach it it is crazy
I'll put it on the screen now so that
you guys can see as well it is in sanely
shop I don't really know what else to
show you I don't know I don't want this
to turn into a tech review I just want
to turn this into a average got a new
iPhone and is so bloomin excited but
just part of the daily vlog so Zoe is
upstairs in bed I have finished eating
my ah my chin my ah my chin yo finish
eating my pizza literally at the entire
I mean I'm definitely not like 10 years
old and don't eat the crust I do
normally eat the crust I just did it
today I don't know why I don't know why
the crust is actually really really
delicious and I normally eat the crust
so I just didn't today for some reason
and if you guys are wondering what I'm
doing for old phone I'm going to give
this old phone to my mum so that an
so that she's got an iPhone 6 because
she has what I fended my mom have she
loves taking photos and stuff so she's
gonna appreciate that
she doesn't even yet know that she's
getting it she doesn't even know yet I'm
just so excited to start Instagram in on
this because it's just going to be such
better quality I might even try a daily
vlogging on it you know because I feel
like this front-facing video is really
clear like really really good like
that's yourself there that's what you're
looking at right now and obviously the
back facing camera here is 4k but I'm
not going to film like this because then
I can't see myself so I don't really
want to do that too much I would rather
flip it around this way and vlog like
that so that I can see what I'm doing so
I might even try one of my daily vlogs
this week on this camera so let me know
if you want me to do that it would be so
much easier not having to carry a
vlogging camera and just being able to
vlog on this but I don't know the audio
quality was like I don't know suffer
that back I think it's by totally gonna
be good so I could try that out anyways
I'm going to plan my main channel video
for this weekend because for you
watching this is Saturday which means a
new main channel video tomorrow I put a
film a new main Channel video tomorrow
and then I'm going to a wedding in the
evening I'm going to a wedding tomorrow
evening that's so exciting
come on then boys time for a late-night
snack you hear them go look at them look
at them down there I know you're excited
I know you are Nick it is go ahead
where's the other guy there he is hello
hello guys okay here you go you ready
there you go got my braces got my old
phone my laptop and some new shoes right
let's go up to bed
Nick turn off the lights look let's go I
still don't know where to put this new
piece of art I'm kind of stuck between
my hairs will be looking rubbish stop
between putting up in my new office all
putting up somewhere at home here I kind
of think the office just because I feel
like it I don't know let me know what
you think in the comments just got
hiccups twice look how cute this is
look at you loving your life
having cuddles with mummy look at your
big old chesty chest
did she just out of our hands that's
what I do of mine when I say Leone
dagger little hands folded over this bit
so soft on her leg yeah her legs here so
soft although it's kind of it kind of
puts me off eating chicken legs sounds a
bit weird if you feel her leg here that
there just feels exactly like a chicken
leg like what I would eat so whenever I
have a chicken leg now I see one of my
oh it's knowledge little leg but it
isn't not as little leg I know she's got
her legs oh she looks so silly on the
camera Missy let's see your face she
doesn't wanna she's chilled out she
looks like a little gremlin
I always think she look like Dobby oh
I'd be in a house house she looks so
patchy by gray in the camera in real
life guys she looks a lot darkness Oh
miss exercise arms let's do some boxing
no no shoot outside she's a dad shut up
I'm getting away with this cuddle no no
that should we go outside
ahahaha
look at that stretch oh she's kicking it
off top come here
whoo come on come on
oh my likkle baby look at you let's go
to the toilet hey guys I'm gonna go to
sleep now I have put knowledge bed but
which was something different tonight
because usually chief sleeps in her
crate or in our bed with us so tonight
we're trying peeing
in our little bed down on the floor
later so she's asleep by herself in a
little bed on the floor and she seems to
be really really liking it which is good
and I'm also going to use one of the
tips that some of you guys gave me and I
have seen online as well in yesterday's
video I was talking about my chest pains
and a lot of you guys have emailed me
and commented in my videos I'm senior
member force and sleep on your left hand
side because I always sleep facing this
way on my right everyone fell asleep on
my left because apparently it's better
if acid reflux like it prevents it and
then people have also told me to have
less sugary foods less fatty foods no
tomatoes and no chocolate and stuff like
that so I'm going to really try for the
next week starting tomorrow just cutting
out everything that could possibly
trigger it at all before going back to
the doctors and saying hey it's still
bad so I'm going to try like another
week or two but really really strict
like because today I act like half a a
half a bar of Toblerone my chest has
been playing up a little bit so it could
be due to things like that so I'm going
to try and restrict everything that
could possibly affect it starting
tomorrow and just see what happens
hopefully will make a big difference it
to be really really nice yeah tomorrow
we've got a really fun day we're going
for breakfast on me we've booked
breakfast tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
with poppy and Sean and yeah we'll hang
like them for a bit I want to film any
mention on video as well tomorrow but
that is about it I will catch you
tomorrow guys thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
it I'm super excited about the new phone
I'll catch you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up give it a
thumbs up give it a thumbs up and if you
want to and I'll catch you tomorrow good
