killing him
Suika up should we go downstairs
good morning guys good morning how you
doin hope you're having a lovely day my
throat is still so sore I feel more ill
today than I have yes then I have than I
did yesterday than I did the day before
but we're not gonna let that affect the
day it's currently lunchtime I took it
super slow this morning and had lots of
hot drinks I've currently got a roll of
toilet roll in my bag because my nose is
so runny
I've taken some like antique off and he
sore throat anti eilat stuff and we're
gonna do everything we possibly can
today to have a good day
Wow I'm eating uncle Jay today he's come
all the way down to Brighton to film a
special video because it's his birthday
only I'll leave it down to him to
explain what we're doing and why he's
down here yeah here he is he's looking
older than before
yeah got me more wrinkles
idem right today is chase 24th birthday
younger man I know I feel a bit older
but it looking good you look in town
when when your 21st birthday go
around.we you like I like you didn't
care as much about the birthday being
care that you didn't care cuz that's my
feel right now no but then that's when
you know you get an old I just filmed a
whole clip on this camera and then
realised my memory ran out
you're a good logger bro what we were
saying it's the chase getting older
it proves it's getting older because he
doesn't care that it's his birthday and
we're feeling a special video or change
channel today which is getting free
stuff my birthday ironically I don't
care that much about my birthday but I'm
filming a video about my birthday yeah
so there's basically different places
that you can go to and this is all legit
real you want your passport yeah I love
how you take from that yeah because I
said you have to remember and related go
into different places different
locations different coffee shops and
cafes and several of that and if it is
your birthday they give you free stuff
so we're testing a house and just
running off to get a couple of juices
and then actually know her chase gone
I think he's still trying to haggle some
free stuff here we go
ginger shot hope this makes me feel
better
oh holy crap
I didn't want to throw anyway I kind of
help but come here thank you so much hey
baby
I like your little jumper you know
you're having a proper weekend Oh again
my voice when it's ten minutes past 6:00
and you've completely forgot that your
vlog goes live for five like it's
already gone live by itself all
scheduled but I haven't even like put on
insta stories or snapchat or anywhere
that money video is out just completely
forgot just been enjoying my life with
my friends in town I don't know many
vlog when I'm like this but for the last
like hour and a half I've just been in
agony for my acid reflux like I'm in bed
trying to really really calm down I just
think these folks have got to be the
positives and the negatives I'm sitting
up as straight as I can that's
comfortable today taking some gaviscon
I'm literally just sitting here sipping
water I'm trying to calm down we're
meant to leave to go to a fireworks show
tonight and then the fireworks don't
start till half-past eight but there's
like a torch lit procession I can't even
think straight like that torches on fire
all being walked through the village I
don't want some random village we're
meant to leave like an hour ago mom and
dad downstairs bus is here as well
hey acid reflux so much she just comes
at the worst of times sometimes I can
really control edge and out and like
take gaviscon or something to calm it
down and that sometimes right now
anything I'm doing just won't it just
won't stop I don't know that if I was
out for he's wrecking me lost my train
of thought now
where was I saying
basically we're meant to be out tonight
we still might go out like if we leave
in the next half an hour and then we'll
make the fireworks we'll just missed
there the walk through the little
village wherever it is it feels was the
best way I can describe it is like here
but slightly more like towards the back
and what's my TV doing old downstairs
they're changing the channel and that
was effected the channel up here deeper
into my back but like here it feels like
someone's just got a lighter and they've
got it on or like a match like it feels
on fire and I just can't put the flame
out that's the best way in which I can
describe it like it's really bad guys
you know it's working with a ninja
warrior the other day and Lego on a
video ninja warriors now on TV this is
the show that I'll send in my vlog that
I wish I could go on one day I'll do
anything to go on this TV show oh no
this guy's are savage this guy's so sick
yeah I see hey hey look at nine away and
supreme hello
see if you like the Hat see you later
so he won't come near me cause she she
doesn't want to get out goodbye I'm
going to bed now see you later I'm gonna
lock the back door yeah I had a super
relaxed evening with the family watching
the Ridgid all ready to drink watching
Bridget Jones baby I think that's what
is good the number the second one it's a
shame we missed out on the fireworks
tonight but I mean there is more
fireworks displays happening tomorrow or
all around the place well my chess was
just playing up so that I'm thinking
about now I'm glad that I didn't go oh
let me give you an update on the puzzle
mamas I've been working on the puzzle
today it's really coming together now
don't say that don't say that I did tell
you guys to go and also I did say I'm
happy to go so he just said I'll we had
such a fun time of fireworks tonight
I did say you guys could go without me
no I don't guilt trip me because I also
said I'm happy to go even though I
didn't feel well although I turned on
the bedroom lights off see this is how
not well I felt I was literally in here
with tissue shoved up my nose because my
nose is so run at the moment in more or
less pitch-black like what you can see
now just trying to really chill and calm
down time for me to brush my teeth but
we wash my face clean my face moisturize
my face
my hair is crazy because we just took my
house for the first time today
just going to bed McCartney watching a
movie with the guy that Casper's just
filmed a video with touchwood for good
sleep
the massive reflux doesn't go crazy
tonight thanks for watching the video
thank you so much to everybody who's
already given a thumbs up thanks for all
the love on yesterday's video subscribe
down below if you're not already I catch
in the morning good night guys
no lo where's Percy where's Percy God
what are you doing in there mate you can
see you breathe it he's covered himself
up look was just arrived at the house
all of my Christmas posters for Mon oh
so I was dropped off a Christmas tree as
well I feel like this is a Zoe doing
feel like this is Zoe but here all of
these and my new Christmas posters that
are coming out I need to oh I need to
all my gosh that is heavy I need to
bring them all in one by one I'm gonna
wait tomorrow morning and this is how
many posters I have to sign by Sunday
remember I'm going away tomorrow morning
I don't get back until Friday
I'm 6 foot 2 and I've got to sign all of
these it's going to be a fun day
500 left to sign and all of these have
been done in time for the delivery man
to pick them up just 500 left yeah
that's so crazy time to box them up
we've got this sellotape thing look was
always currently doing putting a
Christmas tree up how's it going you're
good you did see a man good morning guys
good morning how you doing not only is
this the first day backlog in since I've
had a couple of days off being ill in
bed but i'm actually going away today
currently got all my bags and everything
just walked into terminal 2 at Heathrow
sorry if I'm shouting my ears still feel
really blocked from being I'm still not
very well but I got a lot to be getting
on with so I'm getting on with it
it's a random couch is juggling in the
street she's bloody good as well she's
so good boys going on she's a compassed
well we didn't you know I got some
change I don't know if it's and so on I
don't know how much money 90 cent Hey
he's just getting too much money she's
getting better money off other people
performing at the lights that's getting
too much money to take your money but
also the people that were paying her
didn't even get to see the good show we
saw the front we see you're welcome to
report to everybody belly starting the
vlog yet yeah I don't know if I've
explained what I hear some I'm here with
Dave to come to a conference could Web
Summit which I did come to last year I'm
pretty sure no I did forget I remember G
because I was on the main stage the main
stage where you can do a talk at which
I'm going to talk tomorrow some 15,000
people which is pretty crazy cuz this
weekend's gonna be fun I think I'm gonna
because I'm still not feeling a hundred
percent wow I don't know how much I'm
gonna be vlogging but also this is like
a complete work trip and link to the new
companies stuff we're working on there
so I think what I'm going to do is
double this vlog into one so today and
tomorrow into one vlog that's the aim
we're just on the way now had a really
nice greeting at the airport from some
of you guys so thanks coming out saying
hi and we're just low into the hotel now
although we've realized that wait what's
the time it's like super early still
11:20 and we're in Portugal at 11:20
just in time for brunch yeah
like so weird like if I wasn't doing
this today what would I have done by
11:20 I just be sat in the office
editing and that's it probably not even
have breakfast probably would have
forgotten breakfast and just be sat in
the office but instead of in Portugal
and it's bloody nice weather as welcome
to the elite blue sky is beautiful
coming in in the plane there's no yeah
he just I just fell across got a holiday
Co sack just coming into the hotel room
oh my gosh my view is savage I also
don't know how have so much energy today
shut up if I got about today oh yes I'm
going to Falcon e sorry about that sorry
about that
yo yo this is sick again again I'm gonna
stress to you that I'm not here on a hot
yo I've got two dumb bitches in my room
we could have just had one I paid for
two boobs as a paid for a room for me in
a room for day you let me put you guys
down here and have a little chat say
what I'm up to what I'm doing oh yeah
euros out yesterday so I haven't been
feeling very well as you see I'm sorry
about what the vlogs missing I wasn't
very well the last thing I want to do
when I'm not very well is stop trying to
vlog and a lot of people saying doesn't
matter just vlog anyway but the thing
with this whole YouTube stuff that I do
and making videos so regular is that I
want to be happy and proud with every
single video that I create and when I'm
ill or if I'm ever filming a video to
the sake of it for just getting one up
that's not what I want to be doing so
yes I deadly vlog but I am happy to have
occasional days off when I'm not gonna
end up with a video that I'm happy with
to upload that day if that makes sense
like I don't want to just be uploading
for the sake of uploading just to say
that I haven't missed a day I would
rather make videos that I'm actually
proud of and videos that I enjoy making
and I can watch back in the future and
my kids can watch back and stuff and we
can be like yeah that was a fun video
that was a good watch I don't want to be
wasting any of your guys time spending
like 20 minutes of a day watching a
video that you're gonna regret watching
need to moisturize my face I don't turn
the light on in here
how good's that view this is sick I'll
just think we could ship golf balls into
that swimming ball you know I nearly
bought swim shorts and I was like nah
this is some laughs hang on this is
November yeah why are you spending
November importable
we are back for a day we've made it in
now this is where we are it is busy
we're not even inside this is just
outside we just walked for like 15
minutes to try and find this investors
lounge that we have to go to to meet
somebody
it turns out we've got 15 minutes in the
wrong direction
for this guy's now showing us the way
which is nice - not that this ah this
one yeah awesome okay okay oh I can hear
someone else tiny bit hello
oh there we go yep perfect okay Jenni I
can hear someone at dinner who they are
where they are it is how you doing I'm
very well thank you very well are you
all the way in Ireland all of the way so
basically I came over last year I did a
talk as well on the main stage last year
and then they invited me about this year
just about the YouTube journey you know
over the last nine years and I'm here
really just to talk about what I'm up to
the videos that are cray
stuff that I do outside of YouTube and
just to meet up with great people in the
in the ecosystem that omit the people
that wouldn't get to meet and bump into
day to day and just create some great
partnerships you know I said thank you
thank you so much oh my god
do you see do you see a difference
between a healthy of the brand and the
health of the person and you know if not
do you think there is a value in having
the two separate or do not distinguish
is that okay
thank you so much I don't see myself as
a brand because my videos are so
intimate and so real and so my family
and so my friends what I'm up to every
single day where for whatever mood I'm
in I said in future it's like now is for
me it's about going with the team and
just working on new exciting projects
and starting new companies with new
people and teaming up on it making
amazing partnerships for people that we
get on really really well it's all just
about the connection of interviews are
all down for today
and now time to get some breakfast and
then lunch this is what I'm talking
about
cheers thank you so much so we just
finished WebSocket for today and now on
the way back to get a taxi I've dragged
Dave like a happy years we've literally
been standing for like 10 hours jacket
standing straight for like 10 hours
basically so I've dragged drag Dave on
the way back to get a taxi only look at
this
why would we not need a retro arcade
this is ride 90 of my office
that will fit my hair luggage for my
office though serious yes I'm trying to
Eve into a camera shop watch it's not
even just a camera shop isn't everything
shot well that is a cool looking
building have you seen the architecture
thank you so much jealous of my egg
loves a good egg and of course we got I
was gonna say cheeky gt's but they're
not very cheeky and they're pretty big
cheers bro hey how's it going whoa still
was on the other side this is the
positives we're having two beds can
still or the pillows this evening was so
long oh my oh my gosh so so good I
couldn't film because I wasn't like a
private party where I'm pretty sure
there wasn't any filming allowed to be
done but super successful I could miss
some awesome people tonight some people
just working on some really fun projects
it is about 2 a.m.
literally I miss you the exact time
what's the tone 201 in the morning and
they've got to be up early tomorrow from
my talk but I'm gonna leave it all into
one vlog because because I don't know
how much I'm filming whilst I'm here so
I'm really gonna sleep now but for you
it's literally just gonna cut until the
morning so I kept you in the morning if
you've enjoyed the video so far give it
a thumbs up subscribe why not I'll see
you in the morning
good night guys feels like I slept for
about one second
yeah oh my gosh I did not know what the
weather is gonna be like when I pulled
back the curtain all right it's time to
go time to get out
I've got a talk today I think I told you
this in the beginning of this vlog
yeah behalf got to talk today in front
of all eternity be off
15,000 people let's just you see one
more time before you go yeah some of you
guys from crazy countries that really
exotic probably watching that be on that
yacht that's not even that great of you
well I tell you when they go back to
Brighton tonight and it's all Rainier
always get paranoid that I've left
something in the hotel room when they go
back to Brighton tonight and it's all
grainy whoa it's right there oh that's
my breakfast is Ryan completely upside
Dave's reading this morning
he's got shat on an everyday everything
this round just got some breakfast this
is what I'm talking in a minute
does it frustrate you that you're maybe
not seen in the same light as
personalities in more traditional media
no I don't mind
I like it I like that people don't get
it I love the people government I wait
see your job is making YouTube videos I
love that people don't know curiousity
the just blown people's mind that
they're like how can that be a job I
love that yeah
and it's changing might invert that
attitude presumably is is dissipating
and people are much more accepting and
understanding now yeah I mean there was
a time definitely where people in
traditional media really frowned on us
and I think Elfi still deals with but
people are sort of coming around to it
and taking us more seriously people
strategizing companies make too detailed
a planner this is that can happen and
then when it doesn't go to plan you know
but we planned it so well why did not do
that that's why it didn't do that yeah
thank you very much yeah yeah Alfie
deyes thank you we're leaving for the
airport everybody just got bags back you
have a good time it's great there's a
couple of people outside here I think
Hey
everyone's so quiet Hey
yeah just let me know boy I have
literally no idea where my passport is
no idea last time I saw it was in the
airport on the other side and my my
assistant printed up all our boarding
passes all my details for this trip lost
all of the paperwork in the airport on
the way here
so I currently have no boarding pass
tears don't dinner when my passport even
is my passport is not in my bag
let's check
on the back hey mango
but we made it through we've got some
pasta flipping hot watch out okay
even explain shut up shut up guys I
haven't even explained so basically we
were meant to be having someone else
come with us on this trip here was
booked business class with me and we we
added Dave's yet business class couldn't
get neighbor business class see the
other person who was meant to be coming
canceled last minute so I was like don't
worry that's called we got a spare
business see next to me and then they
wouldn't let Dave see in it even though
if I had paid for the seat next to me
and they they made me keep it empty they
wasn't allowed in it even though I had
paid for the business he next to me as
well so Dave had to go stuck in the back
man he was in the back in the luggage
Holmes and was let's see it's not
there's only bad leads through the
season those bloody planes are exactly
the same with your business or economy
there's no difference except the light
little snack that I didn't even eat the
difference is that the seat next to me
was free and they was allowed
we existed so old-school like that that
needs to be changed
