good morning guys how are you doing
today has been a lovely day so far I've
tried to take as much time off as
possible today and all I've all have
given myself the task of doing okay it
is currently the day after I completely
forgot to mention in this video
something very very exciting is
happening right now as you're watching
this literally the minute you are
watching this these t-shirts here I'm
sure you guys have seen them before they
were up for sale for 24 hours for
pre-order but right now there is a bunch
of them sale for limited edition like
once these have sold out and last time
they all sold out in like my previous
pieces are much like my beanies and my
posters and some of that they sold out
in like I think one of them sold out
eight hours and one of them sold out
like 12 hours or something stupid like
that so you literally have hours like
actual hours to get one of these so the
point is GlobalNet if you haven't seen
it before it's a t-shirt see all the
different sizes is on the link down
below in the website I just want to let
you guys know that they are for sale
right now once these lot of sold out
this t-shirt will never ever ever ever
ever be sold again like it is limited
edition they will never ever be sold
again so if you want one of these
they are twelve pounds ninety-nine there
is a link in the description you can go
and get one now and then they're gone
forever
they will never ever be sold again ever
so if you want mine good get one now and
yeah carry on with the blog guys I
completely forgot to tell you that they
were for sale right now anyways carry on
with the vlog is to edit and upload to
daily vlogs that is it today no meetings
no nothing just fun relaxing spending
time with Zoey and Nala my family and
then editing upload into datavoke so
I've just edited one daily vlog oh I've
got a taxi outside now let me see yeah
it's my taxes right now so basically I'm
off right now to poppy and Shaun's new
flat that they've just moved into which
is so exciting I saw it the other day
but it hadn't had all of their stuff put
in it yet so now it's got all their
belongings in it like their clothes and
their I know like cattle and so fur and
stuff and I still love this piece of art
so much the
Steve and Alexi got me yesterday it is
awesome somebody sent in all of these
cute little bandanas the go cute that is
hey baby she looks so grumpy
I think it's because she knows that I'm
going out zoey is already left she's
already at my sister and Sean's new
place and I'm just gonna quit you pet
Nala in her now I coming in come on now
no laying down in there now I need to
put my shoes on let me put you down here
lost with my shoes on this is like some
weird little blog wherever like putting
you down on the side every now and again
do what my boots how are you doing you
havin a lovely day or I didn't have a
chewing gum just eaten some smelly ham
so be good to have a chewing gum or
something so then it makes my breasts
more nice for a guy where's the chewing
gum is in the car and Zoe is taking the
car there Scott I don't even know if I
put money on me to pay for the taxi I
have arrived at poppy and Sean's new
place as though Sean's not here you are
I thought what was he it where is he he
I've been here for like half an hour and
just had some lunch that's right all
over the table but Sean's working today
I want to show you them run to a tour ok
where shall I start at the front door
alright maybe we put the camera down
I'll show you guys the flap
why it's the front door here as you come
in there's a corridor down there but
we're starting here first this is like a
little section it's the same room but
like a little off the c-section
support we can do like blog stuff and
things and then this is the front room
look how high the ceilings are the site
crazy a table showing the height is
little stuff little thing to sit on so
far no table little arty books another
little thing little thing with a TV on
that you need some mirrors you need some
mirrors that's what you need all of this
stuff this thing then through to the
kitchen this is the kitchen
very nice Renault very tumbler little
lights in a line with a filament bulbs
very tumbler nice floor nice different
quirky cupboards oh look at that
quirky cupboard very nice then as you
get down here you got utility storage
you cupboard another storage cupboard
then in here you got the bathroom oh
very nice tiles very nice and they need
a mirror and then then you've got the
bath of Islay and the shower very nice
then you go to here which is the bedroom
and don't notice bit weird I'm just
showing you my sister's bedroom make up
your staff bed clothes books and cameras
and art and everything and then outside
down here my mom and grandma over there
but there's like a garden outside which
is cool I like it I like it
I approve Yeah right I'm back home now
guys I'm about to edit the Danville
because as I said to you as you saw
yesterday I've got two daily vlogs to do
today and I've done one so far and the
time is 10 minutes to 4 I'm also just
catching up on Marcia and Felix's or you
probably see on my laptop so got that
little screen thing Marcia and Felix's
blogs they are you guys know peopie and
Marcia they are in LA at the moment
recording something cool for Felix and
the day you log in and I love their
videos at the moment so every day I'm
just watch them both for their
perspectives on the day so I'm just
doing that was having having my little
lunch over here ah that's right just a
bit yeah I think I'm doing I've
currently got you balancing on a mojito
bottle which is non-alcoholic just a
delicious drink I've got to show you
what Zoe bought me earlier guys this was
a present that yesterday when I came
back into my little office here um these
were waiting for me like this just
spread out like that
Zoe has bought me a load of official
driving lessons stuff so now I have no
excuse to not be getting on with
revising and working on my driving test
because I don't if I told you I know I
should go outside and I come to the
toilet um I don't if I told you guys but
I've got a driving test
I think it's booked it's more or less
booked and sure that shoes on not just
hand us would come then hurry up I've
got an intensive driving course boxed I
think if it was either getting booked
today or getting booked tomorrow
Nullah stop back in so I need to do my
theory test before the last week in
October because I've got an intensive
driving courses which means that I Drive
for like six hours a day I think it is
for Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
then on Friday I have my test it means
that it there's a lower chance of me
passing because obviously it's a lot
more intense in a short period of time
but erm it's a lot quicker which is
better for me because I find it hard to
dedicate time every single week to do
driving lessons when my schedule for
YouTube as you guys know it's just all
over the place so I should hopefully
learning to drive in the last week in
October and then I'll be able to drive
fingers crossed
bengis course I don't fail I kind of
want some chuckle eight-ball we have a
nice little tub down here chocolate just
had dinner by the way I've got to film
it basically has only made a catsuit
curry first self and then realized that
she didn't like it once she'd made it so
I enter which is good and then there's
only kind of cook me unintentionally
cook me dinner which was bitch nice
thanks for dinner Zoe even though you
didn't mean to
you make me hide all the chocolate so
that you wouldn't eat it in my baking
cupboard so that is where the chocolate
and then I didn't know that so what I've
done instead is I've got one of these
little cakes is very made with some of
you guys the other day so Halloween one
and then I got five little biscuits and
a cup of tea and we're about to watch to
mention it again because I spoke about
so much in these vlogs because I just
love the program and I'm not getting
paid to say this I wish I was because
it's a bloomin good program but and
tonight at nine o'clock for us which is
in like an hour
is the program hunted which is
awesomeness we watched two episodes of
it last week and it's the third one this
week you excited yeah I mean oh nana is
excited I'm currently making you watch
Just Married which is one of my was just
married I know this why don't know this
this was like my prime Ashton Kutcher
fancying stage look at him as you know
know leo has got a load of new stuff
recently and these arrived this morning
at the house and she absolutely loves
them I just took this off of her nose
like come another it's getting late now
took this off put on the sofa she ran
away and slip them like got it and fell
asleep on it like this Naza are she
obviously loves wearing it zoe bought
some new what when did you buy her that
yesterday they bought us some new
clothes yesterday and we did often put
clothes on her anymore because it's not
cold enough like you when we first got
her it used to be so cold at
temperature-wise outside they should
have to wear stuff too when she went on
walks yeah
so now we're gonna put a little new
jumper on her I just think she really
likes wearing stuff like look at her
she's like so excited
hello haha
Oh Nala good girl she loves wearing
clothes I think it's just like having a
permanent hug she even lifts up her legs
so I can put it on her neither if I know
I was saying in my video like mother a
thunder jacket yeah she says she's
permantly having a cuddle on you loves
them do you maybe look at you I think
it's because also she gets attention
when she's wearing them so she feels
like like when she has the phone she
like struts she feels like she's at
dressed up that was the best right when
we put this on her she was just strapped
Luca
she's like obsessed she's a baby around
all day good baby let's see what she
does with that you want me to put that
on you as well I mean if this is your
fashion choice this is also a children a
need pug not pug Jojen they need a
little scarfie thing Nullah no no look
at me you like a little old woman no let
you down look at me huh thank you I
don't know let me take this off you cuz
that is a bit much and then you can have
a nice oh we're starting gone where's my
harness
it's like a toy did her come and then
she put you to bed
not as literally been asleep of Zoe for
so long then we just go to bed you can
take your night to the vlog see then I
see in the morning and then we go to
your bed
kakaw
ah she's already laying down guys it's
kind of like quarter to 1:00 in the
morning Zoe is upstairs in bed we both
fell asleep on the sofa I didn't even
watch much of hunted I just fell asleep
I'm gonna I must turn this light on yeah
so I got kind of funny I was like whoop
popped up yeah didn't he watch much of
hunted I wanted to I just fell asleep
which was annoying I mean it was good I
enjoyed the sleep my chest is playing up
so much tonight guys
like that's what pointing me up at the
moment I could woke up in the middle of
the night last night my gosh I'm like
blue from my screen I woke up in the
middle of the night last night
crazy chest pains and then it happened
the exact scene just then when I was
asleep
this chest thing is annoying me so much
I think I might have to go back to the
doctors and get some more I mean with
this and get some more tests done you
know because I mean the monitor from the
results that of course I bought the
doctors are saying it's and they could
acid reflux which is basically where
stomach acid comes up my esophagus and
burns and that's why I get crazy about
chest pains and whether it is that or
not it is just hurting so much at the
moment like I don't clean coffee
I don't eat while laying down I don't
eat spicy food which all the things
they're like meant to cause you to get
acid reflux if you get it so I just - no
I have no idea I'm taking like a daily
pill at the moment you guys know that
every morning I take some little pill
which is I suppose we met to calm it
down I've no idea if it's working or not
whether it improves it so it doesn't
work so it isn't as bad but it
definitely for sure hasn't stopped yet
like I'm still in so much pain based
with because sometimes I can eat like
and just have a whole day without even
noticing it and then some days like
today I now I can just constantly fear
in my chest in my back just doesn't feel
good it's weird but um I don't know
hopefully it'll get sorted soon and
instant we need to sort this thing out
Oh sabor new did I show you this what a
little thing it looks like a microphone
for my camera but it's not is that
just a handle to hold my camera which I
really really like it's so much more
stable and like secure see if I'm like
going out to do photos or something I
can just hold it by this well then hold
in by there I don't know I think it's
cool it's really only nice just to hold
next to me whilst walking down the road
I think I'm going to end the vlog down
here because though is asleep in bed and
I don't want to wake her up so thank you
so much for watching today I'm sorry if
the vlog hasn't been as entertaining and
like upbeat is usual me doing so much
fun stuff sometimes just have busy days
and today it was one of those days where
as soon as the camera is off I'm just
constantly editing and emails and
everything like that it's just been one
of those days for me and you can see
that because I've uploaded three videos
today about loaded - daily vlogs and a
gaming video which is insane to think
that I used to upload left
I can't imagine now uploading at one
video a week
I used to the leeches have my main
channel I do one video a week or have my
main and my second channel just never
upload on this channel here that you're
on but now I'm like literally making
between three my gaming channel one of
my main and seven on my this channel
that's at 11 videos minimum a week and
sometimes I pop X ones as well that's a
lot of videos anyway I'm getting the
block guys thank you so much for all the
support as usual you guys are literally
the best and I love you and give the
video thumbs if you enjoyed it good that
