good morning guys how are you doing you
having a good day
hope you are having an amazing day the
time for me is about 40 minutes past
8:00
I am mine and 10 minutes late just put
the toy burrowing in my back didn't eat
the trailer in last night cause it put
my back one hand one moment all right
there we go okay guys so today as I told
you at the end of yesterday's video I've
got an exciting day I even put you down
there
hello and jig while I close my bag just
so whatever my suitcase is stuck I've
got a super exciting day today in London
I am pop to go into a panel and there's
a lot of cool people on the panel with
me
can't remember anyone's name were 7
Davina McCall because she's just sweet
me now said I'll see you in a minute and
that was an hour and a half ago and I
had woke up like 10 minutes ago well
that's quite cool view is now that plane
going above can you see that lovely blue
sky blue sky ahead Alf is just got out
of bed there we go that's today's rhyme
everybody gonna give you a rhyme every
day from now on
and then my new book is a rhyming book
um I don't know I'm talking about
talking a little rubbish but yeah I need
to leave I'm meant to be dancers ten
minutes ago
my car's waiting for me to send me to
this talk which is all about confidence
those of you guys submitted questions
for me so I'm just doing that the
standard check that I haven't left
anything behind no no I'm coming
yeah those of you guys submitted
questions way to answer in on the panel
today via Twitter so thank you sorry am
I going the right way
go downstairs perfect thank you thank
you so much yes for the 50th time I love
to view submitted questions for me to
answer on this panel today so thank you
so much if that was you
this is what I'm wearing today black
jeans boots with knee hold rip things in
my jeans and this top hello mister lift
thank you very much I'd very much like
to use you should we go to the ground
floor together let's do that happen you
nice with now I haven't done a talk or a
panel thing
while I really really enjoy that then
this one is more of a QA so we've got
somebody freestyling the my class can
ask questions and dance and I'm just
there to talk about YouTube which is
cool
big old spinny door spinny spin spin
spin spin spoon I'm in such a great mood
today
look how lovely the weather is what -
welcome to the stage now today's panel
firstly our sky Academy ambassador
olympic and world champion Jessica Ennis
Hill and welcome do click see Wiseman
broadcaster Melvin Brad
founder of Mumsnet just aerobics
bloggers out today and finally TV
presenter begin the call
welcome to all of you so Alfie all very
good advice
and yet you at the age of 15 yeah even
though this is supposed to be an age
where teenagers are under so much
pressure I have so many worries you went
out and you launched this YouTube
channel which it's the called the
pointless blog and I'm not being rude
about that is the name of it it's six
years later you've got four million
subscribers so you must be in a very
confident teenager I guess I think
that's a very big difference between
being confident and making YouTube
videos because when I'm filming I do
things like this today you know of
course you have to have a certain level
of confidence to do that but starting
out and still 99% of why do is just me
I'm a bedroom and a camera so I suppose
you don't have to be very confident when
filming what I do but then obviously as
soon as you have upload and that's gone
out to as many people just want to watch
it so I suppose in that respect you do
have to be confident because you don't
know who's watching it everyone's going
to judge you but the actual making of
the content itself is just me in my
bedroom so that it feels a lot less than
what it is like you just see the numbers
coming in and the stats but you don't
see physical people like what can you
doing it but yet seeing the stats coming
in knowing that so many people are
interested in what you are saying must
be good for your confidence but the same
time do you get many negative comments
you I don't really get many negative
comments I I know a lot of my friends
who automate YouTube videos deal with
that I find it a lot harder than I do
personally I'm just like yeah call
blocked see you later
so it doesn't get too you know I don't
because there's so much positivity I'm
very very lucky in that respect that I
just try and think I often almost feel
sorry for those people that leave
negative comments I just try and always
think there must be going for a hard
time to be able to try and vent it on to
somebody else too if you're taking the
time to watch my video and then you can
leave a negative comment that's telling
more about yourself than it is about my
video that I've uploaded I just don't
like it don't watch yet so is that your
advice to young people just think
they're a bit sad I always yeah like I
just feel sorry for them that they're
having to spend their time leaving
negative comments and
take other people like put them down
when they could just be doing something
they love themselves but instead they're
not they're wasting their time so I was
trying to look at it the other way and
just think it's not sorry for you having
to do that not Avena you are that I do
you always block yeah
lotta haters I think sometimes people
that hate they just sit at home and they
think I'm gonna wine somebody up it's
not it's not being honest they're doing
it cuz they think it's funny oh let's
watch the reaction like the match
I said healthy I've been presenting for
23 years he said I was twenty Twenty
twenty weeks or 22 last week that's just
rude oh no this is gonna say you could
be my mother and but the other thing I
wanted to say very quickly about the
youtubers it's about the amazing effect
because I know Justin and I were talking
you know our kids are of the age when
they're watching the youtubers and
actually they have an incredibly
positive effect and I previously was
that I don't understand YouTube I don't
understand blogging what's all about my
daughters have educated me and shown me
what it's about and I was a bit like oh
is it bad they're watching screen time
it's the same as watching TV you're just
watching a computer and actually they've
had amazing youth they can relate to
these guys and these guys are being
honest and talking about their feelings
and it is easier sometimes to be honest
online and say how you're feeling about
something that maybe you can't share
about face-to-face with somebody
yes we finished up the talk guys I'm in
studio 3 back where we were last time
Reno's in studio one look at her her
little face you're trapped
get in your studio good luck dammit I
still haven't had breakfast cries and
it's like 12 o'clock eating some grapes
actually I'd half a pastry there's a
like half a pastry area actually honey
did you guys see the footage the other
day you did and I blog the other day
when I was here that was filmed in all
of these studios but I just didn't feel
much because I didn't know if the kids
who I was with who were doing the sky
Academy wanted to be filmed or not but
if there's a base rail with that footage
that you guys saw off the kids
presenting and stuff the shot all of
these is a different studio in each one
this is my lunch guys all of that and
then I've also oh that's yours then I'm
also down here got a red velvet cookie
very naughty but look delicious look how
much stuff I've got Ivan finished up the
panel or the interviews everything it
went insanely well and I've realized
that the manuals on the panel with some
a cameraman a charge earlier I think
I've put in the battery of charge this
one might not have too much charge
either but I've just finished the sky
Academy session you guys saw the panel a
little bit of it it was amazing such
great talkers and people speaking with
me yeah as I just said my camera ran out
charge it will astound me
yeah the other people on the talk was so
awesome like so so good so players
really especially even though I was on
the panel myself I was taken in so much
what everyone else was saying and I feel
like I learned a lot as well which is
good I now up to me mr. Steven Booker
steve-e steve booker that's the one
how excited so be right look at that
here we go
ya never get scared with those things by
this I might if I trend straight through
the other dies I'm strong don't rage
have you seen that nice straight through
really this is this is the Harry Potter
bridge is now broken
that's this bridge and fairly big Harry
Potter fans for their comment do you not
see that looks pretty good
we're finally close shopping now guys
so far I've found zero items that I like
I find buying clothes so difficult
Steve way where you pose one Oh Steve's
around a couple of things over there and
he's just trying these on
yeah another one I'm love in there I
think I'm worried about right is it
their lights wait and that's yeah have
you got a suede spike yeah get some of
that yeah boy they look nice doesn't
even know how to open this food are
there we go there we go how happy I
persuaded Steve to try Oh to try wasabi
it's your first it start a fire
I've got a chicken katsu curry extra
chicken the guy went in didn't here he
gave me so much extra chicken in the
chicken like I've done if you can see in
there but those are looks very wank on
the camera promise your looks good in
your life sushi we don't need too much
at once
calm down did you even get it it didn't
even get there I finished up from the
train look at my hand finished up with
the Train hello you speaking for my
video Oh Oh what you saying hello we
said oh are you saying what is he doing
he knows we're all going to break he's
at home
Oh cheers mate jeez Nick any money yeah
I wanted that I wanted that when did
that raise a bit in your face blue come
on come on right anyways as you can tell
we're not on the train anymore we're at
Steve's place so Steve and Alexis what
they a birthday present
I'm worried when they look at your face
you know I hate opening people's present
some kind of that's like my main I'm
terrible at it
yeah oh one minute my camera sentence on
TV what even is that there we go looks
no different and I might look a little
different I don't know different anyways
so this is my present I'm scared at
least yeah yeah like you okay I'll tell
me all right
I hope you like this man fresh money you
know okay
boy that shit can you see what it is boy
that you like we see what it looks like
and it's in the shape yeah yeah yeah
yeah and then it's like why
today was awesome the people in the talk
one may say I don't know how else to say
I leave some details down below about
the sky Academy confidence month and
yeah that's probably it
I love you guys so much give this video
a thumbs up if you enjoy that I'll catch
you tomorrow morning guys might just
bring some new braces they're super
tight if I sound a bit less beat that is
why I'll get you tomorrow good
