good morning everybody Polly is it the
morning it is the morning it's not only
guys it's like quarter to 4:00 in the
afternoon a lot of super busy morning
editing and I actually tidying my
wardrobe should have made me film that
katana wardrobe all the tour things what
are we doing now where we go in one
direction we're going to see one
direction basically Apple lovely company
hooked me up with two tickets to go and
see to go see one day which is lovely
very nice of them and I think we've got
a really really nice ticket so we are on
the way whether I need the toilet first
Polly sensibly went to the toilet on the
train don't know why I waited as now I
just have to pay right so we are
finished my way very nice thank you
cost me 50 P we are on the way to Jay is
now because we've got a few hours before
all my watch isn't even right my watch
is never right we've got a few hours
it's ten minutes plus four
we'd have to be at the venue until 7:00
tonight so we're going to pop my chaise
get a drop my stuff off a chaise and
then later and I'm going to take it to
my hotel after the show and we're going
to catch some dinner which a which me
nice have you been to chase place yes
yeah yeah well with me oh well there we
go then so now we're gonna be over to
grab some food and then head on over to
the venue
hey which is gonna be your meter I
really want people near his he's got
Nando's my Glamour's that's all I know
there is others there's no pizza another
day no there will be pizza summer don't
worry
and yeah I'm excited for tonight really
excited Louise's also go and sprinkle
glitter and Lucy in Lydia I believe a go
and I haven't spoken to them but I'm
pretty sure they go in and those two I
like Kalle actually then
like you and like Louise like the most
excitable hyper person ever on a stand a
day let alone even seeing and meeting
one direction like you're gonna explode
when they come on stay are you gonna cry
are you when I met you I was crying call
this dad 2k15 you literally got his son
on the front we're going to mr. bar
owners house tonight have you been over
to his before yeah mr. bar owner our
food has arrived it looks absolutely
delicious
check out this salad guys it is insane
and it just prepares everything I wanted
how it's in lines and underneath is like
lettuce chase gone for three three
starters now happy you from scale of one
to 14 like a 11.7 far oh that's pretty
good any cheese and when actually we've
got your cheese I don't know if they got
her you can ask her Holly's got burger
and chips how happy scale of 1 to 31 Hey
now skip then is now we finished up Dana
finish that with me I didn't want to be
in the video that guy we finished up
idea now he did join us
this guy joined us as yeah I do man yes
he enjoyed on dinner as well Holly's
wrapped over so just that man is joined
us for dinner yeah yeah he didn't
realize Jeremy you say - Jay where you
guys tomorrow
do people know because this is going up
I know they don't actually know mob
religion
I'm going to Avista che is going to I
beat that on the new hot actually
I based nice weather anywhere wait can
we just need any bottling
no it's an OB item Marcus's in barley
we've no Mia leave me alone Jason I beat
the time funny this is tomorrow
he's yeoman Niki and Sammy as well but
let genuinely is just going to make
videos with Niki and Sammy out there you
know Nicki Sammy you're a kid right
still a chomo
have a sick time to have a sick time in
a we do nothing right have a shit-ton
washer out there at the same time at the
concert really watching your videos so
we get in the car on the way you excited
excited yeah boy speaking like that how
you didn't drive man
rookie yeah you get yes you're on the
YouTube boom healthy demand best driver
rocky the whole gang is here
yeah and we've all got drinks ready how
excited noises about to curl up into a
ball right there is number bar isn't
there here go ahead over to the other
bar how excited from 110 and we're
really excited I love it but I mean
that's not one contain any way I want it
to ever really how excite ed I mean you
just call from right yeah Drew's
literally just step drop of a plane
hahahaha how excited I like loads I
someone said you guys are the worst
well they both said 11
they versus a sex that's yeah you'll say
boring how excited well oh how excited I
mean holy has done away on the trading
that's outside she was she read us out
look how sick this venue is guys
we're in our seats are excited now our
again I dare them I'm in so exciting the
venue look Nick look it's even men up
there in the lighting
of course I can
you Blair
some people ask to be in the blog so I
thought I'd say hi hey how you doing
you guys excited for one day good dad oh
we just got another drink guys we are
now back of Trustees to see one day
erection the old I'm super excited
yes I get ya excited honey
Oh
Oh
you
boy is about to lie
me
as far as I know
but guess what we got houses you know so
yeah okay shameless no shame to show
this in story bags to sing
- this
Japan flag yeah it's lost on everyone
else
trust me that was very good
very nice
thank you
normal 1y right so I've just got to my
hotel room now one direction were
amazing Little Mix were amazing just
dropped Holly off in my taxi - oh hello
- Victoria Station she's up at Brighton
I'm working in London tomorrow so all
the member of mine which way we're doing
this way wow that bed is big oh my gosh
I want to be at home with Zoe and Nala
and going to bed but um I'm not instead
I'm in a hotel room by myself which is
lovely this is a lovely I didn't book
this by the way but um I can't get my
own Oh flip the arm inside out have an
eye right now I need to check if you
guys are enjoying the new Sims video if
you're enjoying the new daily vlog I
need to also jump on this bloomin bed
because this bed is a big old big old
comfy bed boy and I've got my phone my
phone on the side and stuff I need to
order some food I have not yet look at
my hair what is my hair playing at I am
met so many of you guys tonight it was
so fun I met so many of you like
literally you guys at some points were
all lay the crowd just screaming my name
and stuff which is absolute crazy
I can never expect anything like that to
happen but I want to meet so many of you
have pictures of so many of you which
was lovely so if you said hi it was
lovely to meet you
if you didn't get to say hi then I wish
I could have met you it would have been
cool but things like that just get super
busy super super busy me take my shoes
off how do I take my boots off got my
big old booties off as I just said I
need to order some room service I asked
the man Dan says if they're still
serving room service he said they are
limited items though which probably
means that they've probably just got
that pizza and stuff like simple things
which I'm happy with I'm happiest beats
that I could eat anything right now I'm
so
hungry right you ready blue my neck that
is hot oh my god I've got to be quick
yeah go quick put down over there
damn that looks so good okay
that was rough the wait all right guys I
ended up eating like half my pizza and
now I'm so full up and I'm so tired it's
like half past 1:00 in the morning thank
you so much with the support in the
videos I've just been reading all of
your comments on my new daily vlog there
can all my tagged pictures from tonight
on Instagram reading through your tweets
looking through the comments on the new
Sims video I love just not stalking you
guys but just seeing what you're up to
and how are you guys but just reading
all your tweets and I'm not going like
seeing two of you like tweeting me in
about me and then like reading the whole
conversation I don't know if that counts
let's talk in one of us doing another
person that also watched movie is saying
are through your video about Facebook I
really liked it so I just will not
watching one of your videos and just
catching up seeing how you guys are
doing I like I like doing stuff I then
just retweeting you guys and yeah
keeping up to date with how you are as a
group as a big old collective seeing how
you guys aren't what you up to so let me
know in the comments how you are I liked
it the other day I did a video in one of
my daily vlogs and I said please comment
down below with just something that I
can reply to like a question or
something that I can reply to as I want
to reply to loaded comments and I read
it I went on and replied to a load of
them so it's nice getting to chat to you
guys a legend supply that obviously
again tonight to meet so many of you
literally met like hundreds of you
tonight like had so many pictures of you
guys it was awesome and obviously got to
see one day you're amazing Little Mix
are amazing and yeah just quite an email
I get I have a taxi picking me up from
here at half past eight so I'm gonna
upset my on top are seven actually
that's a lie so more off eight o'clock
because I just yeah I want to sleep in a
little bit cuz I'm so tired
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it look so block if you enjoyed
it I forgot to give a thumbs up
yeah I don't know I'll get you tomorrow
good night
