good morning everybody today Zoey and I
are off super early actually it's not
very early that's a lie to a meeting
trying to form of a going oh we're going
this way to a meeting about Madame
Tussauds Oh II still haven't seen the
Biggers yet so Zoe Hart I should be a
we've just got back from seeing Zoe's
Madame Tussauds thing it was insane she
had never seen it before as you saw she
was super excited or that wasn't allowed
to film much because we can't show you
what they're like until they come out to
the press and everything and you guys
can see them they go fully into Madame
Tussauds in London on the 30th the 30th
of September they are fully in there if
you go to Madame Tussauds from the 30th
for afterwards
you'll get you'll get to meet us and you
can tweeting pictures and something it's
gonna be insane but I've just been I'm
just
entering a new video now and Zoe's you
shouted at me now feel your pass was
arrived is it in the yeah it's in here
where is it to be reacting tonight
literally an old video then whatever
Vinick 100 factor that me right oh I
need to film this without showing you
also look at this Zoe ordered like 10
million Christmas decorations this is
full of Christmas decorations it's not
even anywhere near Christmas yet she is
crazy
right let me get a knife guys this here
is so exciting
deionized water you may be thinking what
the hell is this so am I just for this
we have all of that mess a box inside a
box inside a box inside a box
now I've wanted one of these for almost
two years now
the first time I ever went on like a
proper set when I was filming like a
youtube video or TV shows and then they
told me to bring spare clothes and I
screwed them all up and put them inside
this little suitcase that I carry around
in London you know the little black one
I have I screwed up inside that and when
I got there they were like oh don't why
we can iron them in like one second and
I was like okay that's cool I can always
iron it myself
then they didn't mean iron they never
meant I owned in they meant steaming and
they got a steamer ah I think it's more
like a normal thing in America to have
but I don't know anyone in the UK that
has one of these they got a steamer out
and literally ironed my clothes that all
the creases just dropped out in about 10
seconds and I have one of one of these
was so long and yesterday I saw one on
Amazon Prime and it was like 60 pounds
or something which to iron all of my
clothes for the rest of my life more
easily more efficiently and more quickly
60 pounds like the best deal in the
world and it arrived today is next day
delivery so I've just bought a steamer
you probably think I'm weird no crazy
bike I'll tell you how excited I am for
this and then apparently you need
deionized water to steam your clothes
better I denied it was just suggested on
Amazon so let's have a look and see what
I bought for my 60 pounds it looks good
to me if you don't know what steamer is
it's basically this thing load of water
steam comes up here and steam comes at
the end and it basically takes all of
the creases out the top a little bit
more boring and what you're probably
thinking it was but I can't tell
you how excited I am for this like this
is gonna be a game-changer I'm never
ever gonna have a crease in my top again
are those oh you pointed out I bought a
new jump at the other day it's got a
hole here and a hole here and it's got
lots of little holes so when we were
mapping to sword thing early was Alfie
your new job that's got a rip in air and
I was like oh I know just it's meant to
have that but anyways I need to get back
to editing this video for your medicine
a new minecraft video now and a new Sims
the video and a new akinator video all
at the same time I want to get all of
these three up this week for you since
we've been met for the treehouse guys we
haven't had any food at home so we're
about to go food shopping now so his
mum's here as well and nyla is in her
little thing did I ever show you it
fully up I finished this is how we diva
now when we go out just that she's got a
contained little bedroom bits a little
bit bigger than this thing here that she
sleeps in she's just got a little treat
at the moment you have a fan you gonna
miss us
definitely not look how crazy the sky
looks that is insane
that looks so nice shopping time time I
want to get lots of chicken
some vegetables
okay
so far Zoe and her mum have got more am
I on the right video setting
I am the lighting just doesn't look very
good what is happening so far so in a
month I've got more backwards than they
have food there is some crazy food
discounts on the flowers today and
they've literally bought like half the
ramen shop it's good because it means
our house okay through your range
chicken free-range is this free-range
his free-range chicken breast that looks
good eating some food whilst walking
around
I asked one of the men who work here is
it ok if I open this and start eating
then I'll pay for at the end because of
course I'm really tempted to get some
biscuits guys I've been buying
everything healthy so far but all of
these biscuits and just to tempt ends
this is bad and I don't know if it is
bad luck or not I really really want to
buy a bat they cake now what kind of my
birthday the other day but is it bad
let's just buy one just because I wanted
to see the cake that Zoe got me for my
birthday
let me just put this up here whilst
watching the cake that Zoe got was so Oh
was so delicious
but we stupidly had one piece each put
it in the fridge and then when we left
the next morning we left it in the
fridge so I only ever actually got a one
piece like this big of my birthday cake
and that was it kinda just wanna buy one
I don't know if that's bad or not should
I just do it until the word Zoe in her
mom again instead which one should we go
for do we go for a caterpillar or a tray
bake this one is one of the cheapest
ones and it looks good but Hedgehog got
all of the different stuff with you ever
a little star cake maybe a caterpillar
should we just get a caterpillar turn
the trolley away right which one we're
going for second one in are you ready
damn it then maybe next time every time
I come I try so Zoe's got these balloons
that are like how big are they well
three foot month 24 inches what's 3 foot
is huge yeah 3 foot is 36 inches I'm
saying that we use this with the helium
thing on the box it says use a pump but
as you know for my main channel video
there but up the other day yeah kind of
turn of instructions I threw them all
away but we've got a big big balloon and
we've got a big big you ready why should
we do it
i reaiiy being serious there might not
be course there will be yeah they will
alright let me put you guys on a big
proper camera so that we can get a nice
shot of this okay well switched on to
this main camera
Zoe it's gonna hold it and I'm gonna
right there you turn that key it already
like doesn't fit on the end here
oh so I just hold it around with my
hands I don't how dangerous this is
I don't know I already am scared it's
Kindle mum's like holding I don't have
big 36 inches if this or even like this
pops I've actually been to probably
damage is like it was so loud when one
of those popped in my video and the
little blue one I'm so scared
that's another land that's big enough I
think the canisters running out isn't it
honestly think the cameras is running up
maybe the canisters running out I just
said that it's still the biggest balloon
of ever freaking seen yeah it's running
out out there you'll have to blow the
rest now yep it's helium in there now is
it bad to mix knowledge doesn't what
like it I'll be don't fame
don't even joke about it right three
more players and Emma down it's probably
not actually even as big as it goes you
know
that's pretty damn big it's quite a
destructive balloon no good flow this is
so weird
it's like half helium half normal oh I
can call it like flow behind you why is
it's like a massive way it's so weird to
like bounce because it's half air and
half helium so it's like really slow now
I didn't mean half air I meant half air
for me and half helium we just finished
having dinner now which was absolutely I
keep on going to nearly walking into
this balloon it oh my God look at my
hair it's all like fluffy I don't know
where neither is I've lost her she came
up here ha that's where she is this
doors open Zoe Zoe is not with you
that's where she is okay only one as you
saw I kind of maybe ish kind of brought
this it was too tempting guys I just
wanted some birthday cake because I
didn't really never put you here oh it's
quite high because I didn't really eat
much better cake
said when it is mattre birthday is that
bad
look how delicious this looks oh my gosh
here we go alright I'm just sitting down
with my little chocolate cake watching
TV by myself with my big old balloon
guys have no idea what the time is
literally just woken up on the sofa oh
my gosh gotten what's going on I'm so
hot and not is still in our bed and I'm
down here it's meant to be the other way
around my whole arm is dead well let's
find out
Wow okay it's pretty good good news guys
and I kind of lift the camera up with
that arm I literally can't even lift it
ah 20 to 1:00 in the morning that's good
I honestly thought it was gonna be like
4:00 a.m. I'm not gonna be so annoyed 20
to 1 right I'm gonna go to bed guys I
need to go and get another and per to
her bed as well if you enjoyed the video
give it a big ol thumbs up click that
thumbs up button and yeah I feel weird I
feel so tired I don't even lost my first
time name my big old helium balls
something in the comments give it a name
we need to name my healing ball
maybe I'll call him heal a heal is a
nimble or balloon more balloon there of
oh I don't know let me know in the
comments
anyways guys cool also I forgot to say
guys the same day this is going up how
did I even forget to say this there was
a Sims video going up as well so you
guys have been asking for like every
single day since the last Sims episode
which is good we like you guys asking
for more Sims
finally there's a new Sims episode so
I'll leave a link to it down below as
well Oh whitey it's gonna be gonna
around the same time as this so I hope
you enjoy that go show it loads of love
go over straightaway now and give it a
big old thumbs up that's we have to do
if you go over then give a thumbs up I
don't know I'm gonna go to sleep I'll
catch you tomorrow
