good morning guys how you doing - hey
write something super exciting is
happening today
puppy Shawn and I are gonna start
working on the office so basically I've
been I just haven't had time recently to
work on this office at all and I taught
a tour to a few different companies to
try and help me work with any things but
it's just taken in a long long time as
you can see nothing has been done since
I got a set from the table games table
which is just a ridiculous purchase but
I love it and a couple of beanbags that
were just for confer for now so we're
just gonna pour a little tape measure
these two one here and we're gonna start
measuring the room up draw an owl and
then we're just gonna try and buy like
surfers and mirrors and plants and desks
and just start working on it from now
basically Papi's got quite a few days
off at the moment trying to help out
doing it so basically you're just gonna
gonna start working on the office which
is a really exciting project so now is
the time if you want me to get anything
or do anything specific to my office
comment it down below don't say things
like a ball pet look because that we fun
for a minute and then I would have just
wasted all my money so comment cool
things like linked to certain desks that
you like the pieces of art from my wall
or I don't know you guys know the kind
of thing something fun something that
isn't just a waste there's something
called I certain plants mirrors artwork
sofas cushions lights lamps I don't know
that kind of thing yeah so it's super
super exciting please to get into work
or look at very professional planning
going on and then we're going to go
shopping in a minute we're gonna nip
into town kind of kind of like that
you're gonna get done in one yes guys to
do that one day
Bobby's gonna get it done also we did go
for breakfast a couple of minutes ago so
insert a clip here breakfast has arrived
looks absolutely delicious although it's
got chimney or net is that gonna kill me
we've got rye bread which they have a
goddamn bacon Bobby's gone for porridge
fruit salad
and then I also got a green tea and then
and then I wasn't it's called Green
Goddess
oh is that no eye hits good where's your
future
the name about three drinks under go oh
yeah well cause it's taking so long
that was us having breakfast that I
filmed about how to introduce the blog
yeah I started it so I couldn't I didn't
want to go in the restaurant obviously
but yeah that's what we're doing today
you're gonna the plan for half the day
is to sort this office out and get it
blooming going I need to get internet
here I need to get blinds in here I need
to get and it's going by light for the
kitchen bit over here I need to buy like
all of the most of all that glasses and
mugs and cups and a little fridge and
everything like that so today it's gonna
be really really really exciting we're
basically going to get kick-started on
this office is it going to look good I
know I hope he's helping me Wow because
then if you ever need anywhere to shoot
pictures for your blog you'll be like I
did your office not PA oh yeah you got
him and carried that all over all of
them right yesterday Yeah right we have
finished a ton of planning let's show
them tell them what we bought
poppy you go through yeah we haven't
bought the mug yet my TV from my current
office is gonna go up here
we bought a side table there bought
another side table there we're gonna get
haven't bought yet but we're gonna get a
glass front in that double fridge fund
if there would nice like some Pellegrino
and stuff like that what want it looking
nice breakfast by here which we have
ordered a nice little like wooden
breakfast bar coming out with two stools
underneath it so that if you make any
food or drink or anything in there you
can have your lunch sat there we've
measured all of this for a desk the
whole way from here all the way long but
we haven't yet bought any it is exactly
452 centimeters so we're probably going
to need three meter and a half long
death in a row
there and there is that it that'll
report so far for now and then we're
gonna get AB in we're gonna order the
fridge we're going to get arrived we're
gonna get some shelves over there we
need to order we're gonna get need to
get internet you get some plants and
then that room there we haven't touched
that yeah obviously under my plants yet
all with the stuff with the sofa and
side tables and everything the stores
and everything that's going to arrive in
one to two weeks which is super super
good and then that room there I'm gonna
leave for I'm going to get designed
properly by a like a set designer
somebody who designs like that grounds
with videos and films and stuff like
that just so that my videos look
properly good right we're now gonna go
shopping try and get some cutlery the
reading glasses and stuff like that
ought to go in my little kitchen area
and yeah it's looking good it's looking
good we got some jars to fill up with
stuff like tea bags and stuff yeah VHS
loving this put these in the office but
I with tea bags and granola and whatever
I it's time to buy some cutlery some
glasses
knives and forks maybe even a microwave
but can even get a microwave in here
then that we can even get a microwave in
there Amazon tonight
some mugs oh it gets mr. monks
yeah there was quite jazzy aren't they
Kokoro got the rose sushi sushi Kaka row
sushi we didn't end up them for sushi in
the end because we all wanted different
things they barely had anything in there
they were like we can cook a few but
it'll take a while so I render that
coming blog shopping again nothing like
this one I like this one here I think
this is the rug we're going for guys the
guys just getting a new one for me and
then I gotta work my office alright the
vodka is in place guys we've got the rug
down we just put in the bean bags on it
just to hold the cornice down for now
and then obviously the sofa is going to
go there and I think it's gonna sit then
in the kitchen we're off to go and
borrow the bowls and everything but I
just got a load of cutlery we've got six
cups got loaded little Joss glass jar
things as well and give it two weeks
this place is going to say isn't that I
need to get a food bag actually we've
got two Hoover's at home so I think
we're in one of that I'm so excited
right
I mean that one on top puppies hungry
we're off to get some food and to get me
some plates and bowls and mugs and stuff
like that as well are you ready kids
let's go no way it's closed guys Monday
to Saturday
Let Me In damn it
yeah do you I want silly ones like that
for my life and fortune and the play
it's late you like that kind of thing
but it blades like little mugs there
we'll have to come back another time or
at least this is a work lunch just here
turn burn and so we go n-no sorry Louie
and I well I think Louie still is vegan
by a vegan prime a day or two
why is there a helical trying to board
video
we end the suit that they're super
healthy upon even speak a super healthy
baseless Leah called silo or we called
it 39 from yesterday is it thank you so
much
oh my god
I love and it's so good you
it tastes almost fermented like it like
it's not out it is actually I think it's
like yo notice delicious is that right
yes I little my holiness Kumari
yeah thank you so much so I've gone for
what had the other day we'll be doing
again it was so delicious it's like
squash and try and tell me what you
think it's so good get that snapchat
where's my baby where is she let's open
this you can go for a wee-wee my baby
hello
coming in coming then ask outside
outside yeah I've just uploaded three
videos and put up a daily vlog a gaming
channel and the main channel video how
productive is that three videos in one
evening we're just about to have some
dinner now
NOLA are you watching TV with me
no we $10 to do this no kisses oh we
joined us so well now ah hey Missy
kisses thank you don't never kiss kisses
thank you thank you want some kisses
thank you not too many don't know what
you've been licking where she's been
licking oh my gosh have you had a
productive day Zozo boface very very
productive days are we hung out with a
load of people that watch her videos and
she went to bake some cakes with some
people how did you choose who you hang
out
I'd look competition with penguins so I
went and said hello to everyone as well
and it's some cakes with German stuff
and now we are about to sit down have
some dinner and watch boot camp is there
X Factor the boot camp boot boot camp
and I also want to film some Sims
tonight are we gonna do that
are we actually gonna do that because
we've been put off for too long we were
gonna do it last week but then Zoe got
really ill last week as you guys know
then we went away for my birthday so
weird tonight is Sims night and then I'm
also going to film episode two of my new
Minecraft series so that is going to be
coming out soon yeah gonna film some
gaming videos guys I'm super excited I
think I'm just in such a good mood from
finally sorting out all my office and
everything and it's fine like we
literally ordered everything I set from
a desk more or less all the main things
anyway and I've just found online know
everything the main thing I said from
the desk but I've just found online now
and the desk that I want and it's from a
company who are in Hove which is like
literally minutes away from where we
live and they make them as folks
accustomed to me so they'll come and
measure where I want them and then make
it to fit my office which is amazing
that it's going to be so handy no I like
dropper watches TV Mike are you getting
annoyed at me for getting in the way
look at look I try to look at the screen
she loves watchin TV like she's straight
up just sits here and just watches out
so we finished watching X Factor Zoe now
back to it a little psychic on board
looks like I've got no hair
Zoe and I about to record some Simmons
videos which we haven't done in about 10
million years I know guys you've all
been going crazy I've just downloaded
the new the new Sims 4 expansion pack or
one of the new ones it's called wait was
it perfect patio
stuff I think it was that sort of just
download it now and Zuri I need you to
come on film with me please
but we just finished filming some Sims
how did it go really good and Nala was
asleep and I bed down there the entire
time just like fast asleep being such
such such a good little doggie and it's
quite late actually now the time is ten
o'clock I'm just saving all of the
finals now and then I think one so he
goes to bed I'm gonna film another
minecraft video that's what I'm gonna do
because I owe you guys episode to try to
open these pet wipes for Zoe because
we're gonna clean allah's little face
guys I kind of want to cry a little bit
so I filmed the sinners video of Zoe and
I've already netted it and it is awesome
like saw what much exciting stuff
happens which I'm really really looking
forward to because I'm gonna mean I'm
looking forward to it which I'm really
really happy about because obviously we
haven't filmed a Sims episode in ages
for you so I'm glad that the one that is
going to be going up soon is amazing
like so much good stuff happens but I've
just filmed a Minecraft video for you
because I just started a new Minecraft
series like a Challenge series on
minecraft and I just filmed yet it was
like 35 minutes long super happy with it
like it went so well and I've got the
audio recorded on this microphone but
the video recorded on my big camera up
there but the screen recording I don't
know if it worked and I recorded for
over half an hour and I was really
really happy with the video and it's not
there I don't know what to do there's no
any much do I just literally wait for it
to stop pinwheel in and there is it even
called being within I don't know to stop
the little loading wheel hey this kind
of this this is one of the most annoying
things about making videos is when stuff
goes wrong like when SD cards fail or
hard drives fail and it loses your
footage or like this is just loading for
no
my computer is super fast and literally
got like the best iMac you can possibly
get all kitted out and still issue so
this happened I don't know what to do
she likes me but overnight it's already
like quarter past 1:00 in the morning I
might sleep overnight and see what
happens for when I wake up I've got the
other two files there anyway there's not
much I can do so I'm going to leave
overnight tonight I'm gonna end my vlog
down here because Zoe is upstairs asleep
of Nilan bed I'm gonna go get Nala take
that to the toilet and then put her in
her own bed because Nala tech time a
blooming lot of room in our bedroom in
our bedlam in our bed at night time she
loves to fidget and lick her feet and
everything so I know it's guys I'm gonna
in my vlog down here today has been so
productive like I am beyond excited
about my office like so excited I've
just been looking online off his chairs
as well and I found somebody and I told
you somebody that can make my desks
hopefully I'm gonna give them a call
tomorrow man everything is going good
except from this minecraft video but
other than that everything is good
amazing so thank you so much for the
support recently guys my day vlogs have
been getting on believable views
recently and I don't understand it
they've just been getting like some of
them got 800,000 views in a day or two
800,000 that is unbelievable so thank
you so much with the sport if you think
any of your friends will like my videos
share them with your friends your family
anyone you know get rid of thumb if you
enjoy that sharing my videos and thumbs
up and comment and all of that means so
much to me I met so many of you guys in
town today and it was so lovely I'm
gonna end the vlog guys thank you so
much as always I'll catch you - why is
my chest weekend I didn't fire it was my
chair squeaking I catch you tomorrow
good good good good good night good
night I love you good night all right
guys I know I've already ended the video
but I just thought I would do this on
camera to show you guys it is literally
not responding so I'm gonna force quit
it now and then I'm gonna open it back
up and hope that my videos there
if it's not then you know why I've lost
the Minecraft video please Minecraft no
new recording no I lost my minecraft
recording that is so annoying it's not
there not much I can do I'll have to try
and think of something I don't know
