good morning everybody how are you doing
today Nala how are you doing how you
doing Missy are you doing how you doing
today what are you doing now little
loves sitting in the Sun does anybody
else have a dog that just sits in the
Sun all day
that's what knowledge favorite thing is
to do but anyways today guys
I've got short hair I've got freakin
short hair a parent it's going to take a
couple of days from my hair to get used
to being short which sounds weird but
this one my hairdresser said because
I've been wearing it just slip back in a
hair band or and a beanie for like
months and months and months here he
said that it's gonna take a few days for
my hair to get used to coming forward
yeah like that I think that looks nice
wear like a coat oh you've got that new
little jacket you got yesterday the
little black one very much yeah
what's to what the neighbor dinner
you'll confuse any man so what the label
inner right anyways guys today we're off
to town
oh yeah got a new bag poking Sean bought
me a bag yesterday let me put you guys
down here for my birthday look how nice
it is
it's like partly led that like these
bets and then partly like soft but it's
got a bit here oh it's got a bit for
your laptop it's got like loads of
really good compartments so I'm super
happy I've wanted me back for a while I
nearly bought a new bag from the same
shop but it was all leather and then it
kind of made it like a turtle I don't
know if I showed you that when I
shopping with my dad recently he knows
we haven't eaten breakfast or anything
you have wait so you doing a pretty cool
sunglasses that's something I need where
are my sunglasses at they'll be at self
promo my blog and I don't know I put my
sunglass ah
my knuckle also I bought a ton of stuff
sorry I'm a bit bit excited today then
if you can tell I bought a ton of stuff
yesterday or the other day from a
sosnick
all arrived yesterday I might just film
for my second channel a little asshole
because I bought a ton of stuff it's all
like yes
all this cat shoes quite cheese commerce
more cash right so when we were going to
go pick poppy and Shawn up and then they
said they haven't eaten yet so they want
to go for food that's good because I
haven't eaten yet either I can't find my
sunglasses now this is when I wish that
you could call it things like sunglasses
sunglasses we need to round Marla up
yeah Nolan knows that we're going out
because we're putting shoes in a bag on
the stop sit yeah if you try and go near
her off what they're my sunglasses
they're not these are yours the
definitely way fill my head yeah
definitely doesn't look like we wanted
it was about this big and yeah whenever
you go near Nala once you're about to go
out she knows you're going out and she
just runs another so he had me best
sunglasses have you got and I can't even
find one of mine mine in the car what my
name in the car I remember right let's
go go down what are you doing there
taking captioner catching her in the
moment all we need to put Nora away
right let's try and around this little
one up hope she thinks she's going as
well you know something I hate yeah what
an autocorrect changes vlogger to blog
to blogger the bane of my life
apparently you can change it in the
settings I don't know how she's filling
up the petrol
try not to blog on their sick of the
forecourt I think so
some like that I got Zoey some
chocolates and they've got me about the
water and we've got the roof down here
you go
look at these how they know is it new
next to them they're the ones you wanted
have you sir I literally was Hospital I
got Zoey to vlog for me saying vlog me
saying that I was trying to film but not
on that bit outside because apparently
it's dangerous and it can blow up the
place while my blooming after on I know
just done there look at my hair my hair
is sure I've got no hair it's so weird
another I know they got another big old
boy coming in there bro you can't fit in
it look him trying to come in there's
already one it's the girls of waters
into super drug again some like nail
stuff but you know I can now get hair
products
what have for that what's the best Sean
you surely know come on super drug stock
up on your men's hair products
if the bed heads that is is that I
bought some stuff yesterday some sumo
tech I want to get some hair spray ended
up on three different form no four
different forms of hair spray they were
like one pound each just little mini
ones to try out my girls are interior
shopping goodbye where we go for lunch
are we gonna cap it go home
this is going to be so busy it's
Saturday it's nice weather Brighton is
crazy
so which we're kind of limited where we
can go for lunch food has arrived and it
looks amazing
looking all of this how happy thank you
so much
Oh fancy little sources finished up
lunch and we're house shopping in heels
I don't know why the house shopping we
don't need anything for the house that
is really cool is not I don't know where
that would go
our ceilings are like not very tall
although I could buy some stuff for the
office that would be good these are
really really cool Poppy's just pointed
out look at these little lights over
here
how cute are they in all the different
colors lol oh we go that's my
yeah probably back with white teach
other yeah
I quite like that suppose I just like
cocky no I mean just that's where I want
over a t-shirt on top of something yeah
I get it
yeah yeah okay what's I gotta go this
half as well yeah I'm sorry what have
you found so as you guys know these as
ohi's favourite cups and you can only
wash them by hand I put them in the
dishwasher so many times and all the
copper comes off how many do I owe you
probably three or four four okay I'm
also getting I left you here for what's
that for
that's good yeah
I'm gonna get you four of these so the
house shopping astounded something
productive and luckily not for Zoey and
I because we do not need anything else
as oh we already buys enough stuff for
our house so Sean a puppet and if I told
you have found some whether they're
going to be moving in too soon and we've
just found your hopefully on Tuesday I
think is it Tuesday it is this something
like that and chooses slash Wednesday
and they've just found a little desk
they like and two sets of two chairs
that they like so people like wave
vlogs so papi and so we have just gone
back up to Churchill Square to go and
get our car run Zoe's car and put two
chairs in that car Shawn and I are going
to go and pay for the stuff and then
we're going to look there's a stitching
on a taxi we need hello hey sorry as I
was saying guys and then we're going to
jump in a taxi put the desk and it
that's the kind of taxi we need do we
stop him now yeah sorry dammit
that guy got that guy's got the taxi ah
well we need to get cash first anyway
and then we're gonna put the desk in the
other two chairs and a taxi and then
drop them back at my dad's and I still
haven't entered the daily blog and it's
four o'clock we got the stuff guys I've
got a desk in my hands sure it's got two
chairs and then the girls are going to
get the other two yo I mean we did it
doesn't matter that Edna train has gone
away to LA this cancer's working out
Shawn's dancing at all getting the
muscles on
boy is happening down here summits
kicking off down here we nearly made it
new there how's it going
arms out Shawn nearly at the taxi rank
they're gonna fall off
that's the taxi we needed come back
that's the big one we needed I am
finally home guys and I've just entered
uploaded the new daily blog I bought a
new hat earlier got a new little heart
little red hot and I've got this little
one having to cuddle on me although
she's currently licking her paws I don't
know why dogs lick themselves so we
looky-loo ear flip the wrong way Missy
trying to say hello to everyone but why
turning away come in here say hello see
hello no you're getting shy nope okay
then don't worry about it I think what
I'm about to do now is plan some new let
me put you guys up here I like putting
you up there and then just chained to
you and plan some new gaming videos I've
got a list actually on my phone of
things I need to do today so let's have
a look and see what I've done
oh I just remember one of them edit and
upload daily vlog done editing up on a
main channel for Sunday so the day
you're watching this there is a new main
channel video going up I've already
filmed it as you know I've started
internet but I haven't finished yet I
feel like I've prefered vlogging on the
selfie stick I don't if you saw
yesterday's video in the hotel we say
that they they gave us a selfie stick
just randomly one morning with our
breakfast and I took off the little
connection bit on the top and I put put
it on top of my vlogging camera and it
was just like vlogging from a little bit
further way it's really nice so let me
know in the comments if you prefer that
I might start blogging just with a
selfie stick right anyways I am going to
get on entering this main channel video
for tomorrow so that it's all done and
then we can do some crazy fun stuff
tomorrow together I hope you have a nice
day it has been lovely weather where I
am which is really what as you saw when
I shopping in town it was such love you
ever and thank you so much for the
positivity on the hair on the short hair
on the shorter short hair and I'm glad
you guys are liking it and yeah just let
me know I want
providing some comments on this vlog
okay so if I forget tweet me saying
replied to some bloomin comments Alfie
because I don't applaud you guys enough
back when I started YouTube I used to be
able to reply to everybody obviously I
used to get a lot less comments back
then I used to reply to every comment I
got and I loved doing that so I want to
start replying to more comments again so
leave some comments from here whether
it's a question or whether it's just
what you're up to and how you doing
Nautilus is going to a bed and she's
laying down Zoe's upstairs editing a
video and I'll try and answer some of
your questions or just reply to some of
you so thank you for taking the time to
watch my videos and stuff right I need
to stop rambling I need to get editing
get my bot edit good so and I just watch
an x-factor now which I think this is
the official last x-factor like
auditions episode and then it goes
through to that houses right now I don't
think it doesn't or it's got watching it
with Nala though it's just uploaded a
new vlog 35 minute long I wasn't on them
yeah almost 35 minute long old boy and
my dinner has just arrived Zoe and I
ordered dinner from different places
tonight because we've just been editing
all night we haven't haven't had a
chance to cook we haven't even got any
new food actually probably haven't got
much food in the fridge because we've
been away so I got my typical lasagna in
one here and then it also got some
calamari you've been a little cutie baby
are you being cute the girl staring at
the camera now and she's like you know
not now you're filming me haha look at
her you sleep okay hunting ahead she's
seriously Michael I sleep right with my
hands like this yes obviously perch of a
wrist bent like that and so does not
alert and all the seats exactly the same
way did you likkle baby don't you let me
touch your eyes and then look what she
does
oh she's not doing that no I want her to
do it she's so cute
daddy leave me alone get away get away
oh look a little buddy oh do you want a
sister one day do you want a sister ha
ha ha damn you better explain your
commute to mommy
Oh alright guys the time is 10 minutes
to 12 I'm gonna end the vlog now even
I'm not tucked up in bed yet which I
normally I'm gonna in the vlog I was
just looking at stuff online reading
yogas tweets and comments and things and
alright I'm gonna catch you tomorrow
guys if you enjoyed the vlog give it a
big ol thumbs up as usual I've got a
super super exciting day tomorrow I will
show you and tell you why into mines
vlog gets done early and is I'm so
excited
basically I've had a change of mind
today about something very big and we're
just gonna do it starting tomorrow so
I'm super excited but yeah I'll catch
you tomorrow guys thank you so much
watching have a lovely evening also guys
completely forgot to tell you I've got a
main channel video going up tonight for
you as well as a gaming video I did a
practice driving test on my gaming
channel so link is down below go check
it out and my main channel video go show
them some love it was a birthday video
on my main channel and it was super
funny super good yeah that's right I'll
catch you tomorrow good
