good morning everybody in all my
comments everyone is I so you get higher
and higher pitched every single day so I
thought oh yeah it is so I thought I
would give you an extra high pitch one
today and then we'll go back to normal
lower pitched tomorrow we're about to
open the door of mystery huh
our hamper is arrived what is inside we
will never know
well we works about open air I can't
lift it with one hand let me put my drug
camera on it there we go that's a cool
shot isn't that a bit wobbly hello hello
campers rived bye time for some break
you first let me put you somewhere else
put you down there hi hello okay and
apparent power get this Casey Michael is
always here it's a different lid today
today
take your pick it's a selfie bloomin
stick no it isn't shut up shut up
get me a selfie stick that's so nice
oh my god I think this is the smallest
fuck out of everything is that a
baguette yeah give it a minute
yeah what are these guys salmon oh yes I
love salmon
we going okay is today guys gotta load
the goodies with our selfie stick I told
myself I would never ever buy a selfie
stick I told myself he already has a
fire selfie and technically I haven't
bought this they gave to us and I wonder
what is even branded with their company
yeah I wonder why they gave us a selfie
stick
thank you so much this place if you're
wondering obviously it's called shootin
Glenn it is amazing um yeah we're gonna
breakfast now
so you're gonna love this look at that
big ol oh we love it but I don't like
the melon well hasn't gone medical
watermelon and find ice melon that's
pineapple yeah
love it I wouldn't eat the watermelon
you don't know watermelon yes you do I I
don't like normal melon but I like
watermelon hello what's in this one
what's in that is quite heavy oh you're
gonna like this out muesli I am such a
really good I wonder what's in this one
something unhealthy pee oh yeah that's
my box
there's my little boxy box my little
salmon come on those are let's get a
selfie together Judy did it take given
in a hotel operation let's see what it
like Oh blue my neck SMAW breakfast time
that my school is now yeah I mean I hate
to say it I really don't want to say
this
you like the selfie stick well I like it
you know imagine my daily vlogs on earth
just realize that I can attach my camera
to the selfie stick yeah look at this
right let's go outside
this is cool
well those OE has just told me I look
like I'm in a boy band slash gaffe gates
for wearing so much white because I'm
just wearing comfy clothes look at this
yo let's go and spy on Zoey
Oh tip it
can you guys see her in there going then
it's gonna lie out gonna sit here with
me
all right Gareth these guys are my 1
this is nice don't know how many
coughing right now well why are you late
are there oh you're wearing white as
well guys we have to leave in like 15
minutes we've got somebody we got Justin
Bieber played as well in we're 15
minutes we've got somebody coming to
pick up all our stuff put on a look and
put in a look and then it'll go car and
take it to a car for us wait I just
realized a car is literally at one
second away embarrassing we don't need
any help
but that's what they offered but don't
give a big Heavy's I got it look at the
camera oh let me see this there's oh he
got in this morning monaster asleep she
got into the jacuzzi but I was still
asleep
I need you the most
we've just left now fact you're vlogging
at the same time this me naive not fast
go on you've stopped okay guys we've
just left our treehouse which was sad to
say goodbye all packed up all my car and
everything can we're now doing a
checkout you have a good time
ah just left my sunglasses in the car
now I literally can't see anything did
you have a good time best time ever
thank you so much okay I think we should
come back
oh look at this little walkway cheeky
little walkway down here that's nice
yeah we definitely need to come back I
wanna see if we can bring the dogs
because if we can bring the dogs then
it'd be awesome to come back up like
poppy and Shaun and mum and dad or Tania
and Jim and Martha marks know me look at
this I like vlogging on this set guys
comment down below if you like me
vlogging on this stick like I feel like
it's quite like I'm never gonna get
south it's sick yep I'm not using it for
a selfie Emma I'm using it to roll god
it's a little bit different but um I
think this is quite cool vlogging on
here hopefully you can hear me just as
well doing a vlog now no Ted okay hey
dog oh I'll block up - come on
Brown's little bit we get yeah we don't
know that watch isn't the right time my
watch this one this level watch that I
wear is that 99% the wrong time because
you have to twist it manually to like
make it oh he's going for that
roundabout you have to twist it manually
to make it work Oh worse go ever again
and then another helicopter
why did and then it only works for 36
hours and then you have to twist it
again I don't know is that helicopter
it's really hot it's so hot could be a
tractor yeah it's probably attractive
guys can you see it
look at that they've just taken off from
down there
Wow guys next level imagine getting a
helicopter here
this is beautiful around here look at
helicopter casual how to get around this
is a cool little walkway out of and
about exploring we just stood on a
little bridge down by the tree houses
the tree houses all and then if you can
see there like through there
it looks so sick and there's some really
really cool little like tumblr e things
to take pictures of like this over here
look at that look at that little walkway
slow job I want to sit on the edge I
want to dry and sit on that although I
don't really want to fall okay probably
about idea this is what life is like
with somebody who has a blog literally
photo after photo after photo of leaves
and shoes and autumn stuff can I direct
one photo of yours huh can I direct one
photo of yours oh no we can't get to it
because it's all Marsh I wanted you to
be sitting on that tree but I don't know
how we can get you there but wait don't
go there with the camera because I need
the camera and you got white shoes on Oh
your feet already sinking sorry
Ruud mine's not sinking over here is
this sinking oh my gosh yes that sink in
we literally cannot go anywhere you done
get mom let's go back to the car
goodbye farewell I don't know the words
to this song all that we're leaving I've
been officially left not quite yet
in like three seconds I left we were
officially left guys I'd suck oh my
camera I had such a lovely time guys
we've got two hours until we arrive home
and then I'm getting my hair cut and
getting all of this chopped
look at that look at that that's the
last I'm gonna look at that there's my
hat oh my gosh
right I'll catch up with you at some
point throughout the drive for when we
get home it is literally been two
minutes since I last vlog guys know
exactly four minutes it says on the
sat-nav look how much it's raining oh my
gosh just got out the car we've been
home and we're now back out yeah I've
got the coin the coin is for the carpark
just like a little coin instead of a
piece of paper like a ticket how excited
session of this are you I'm excited on
that
you never give an opinion my hair
basically guys were about to go to the
hairdresser's my hairdresser my haircuts
in a couple of it I think is gonna
happen you're gonna get your haircut
yeah you're gonna freak out no I don't
think okay no I'll let you speak yeah
I think what's going to happen I think
what's going to happen is that I'm going
to want it cut like I do I'm going to
get it cut love it
think why have I not done this but then
I'm going to think why have I not done
this earlier I wasted so much time then
I'm going to see a man with a man bun
and I'm going to be like and then I have
to keep on reminding myself that that
takes like a year or two to grow and
then it's not something that I want to
do right Phil do your magic my mullets
going fast miles down fuck that one is
you got yeah there we go
my mother will put the hair on eBay that
is so long Wow that's crazy
did well out but bye see you
this is going to be so nice for you to
style now to wash as well yeah
imagine having really long hair okay I'm
just gonna do a little zoom on the hair
on the floor I like shoes fell look at
me huh yay no more mother yeah look at
that no matter who she no it is my hair
it's been done guys and it's been done
I've officially got short hair again
I haven't haven't got home and I messed
all nothing everything but they're still
looking so much better than before
oh my gosh Zoe what do you think
yeah jimm proof I have for you guys I'm
happy I did it it's one of that's a cool
little road it's one of those things
have you not been in here let's go in
here the shop is amazing are you
shutting dammit and it's one of those
things where you get it you get
something done like when Zoe got her
hair cut shorter when you're just like
why have I not done this for ages like
the sides and that yeah it looks so much
better Oh big do thick look at the side
so much better a couple of nights ago I
ordered a ton of stuff off of a toss I'm
about to go for my family meal my family
birthday meal because overzealous with
just Zoey on my birthday so I'm about to
go celebrate with mum and dad Zoey puppy
and Shaun and all my a sauce delivery
arrives earlier look how many different
t-shirts and stuff I got couple of pairs
of jeans and two new pairs of shoes I am
so excited like buying new clothes it's
something that I don't ever do enough
like I don't really go to town anymore I
used to buy so many more clothes than I
was younger and I don't ever I think
this may and then this is the second
time I've ever done online shopping this
is crazy
well I'm so excited because I was
upstairs like looking what to wear what
to put on tonight so I'm going to take
off my jeans wasn't talking to you
because I'm about to try these ones on
there and I was upset I'll wash no it's
not then I saw all my new clothes are
downstairs
so I'm on one leg super excited try
these all on and we'll see oh I make it
I'm gonna see what I see hopefully they
look good and fit and stuff my hair and
everything is done it is so short I
really really like it guys I hope you
like it I know a ton of you wanted me to
keep my hair long and a lot of your
warrant say no keep it on keep it short
but look I think it looks good I think
it looks a lot better than what it did
before this is also the t-shirt t-shirt
choice went for where it's new shoes as
well but we've got to go
we cannot be late I'm always late
everywhere and it's not good we've got a
bit carried away with the food guys and
loads of plates have been taken away as
well we've ordered so much more just
everyone so sharing
loving life Sean is loving life Sean is
loving life
all right guys ah the lights just gone
off for my phone damn it you can't
really see me I'm gonna end my vlog now
thank you so much will the spawn the
vlogs recently guys it has littering
crazy I had such a lovely mailing
evening with my family I know I didn't
really vlog much but I just wanted spend
time with my family just celebrate my
birthday you know and just hanging out
I'm literally mm-hmm ah so tired as you
can tell from me yawning I'm super happy
that I got my hair cut today I know not
everybody is gonna gonna like that I got
it cut but I'm really really happy about
it which is good and yeah
if you enjoyed the video give it a big
ol thumbs up as usual let's see how many
we can get and I'll catch you tomorrow I
think I've got quite exciting day
tomorrow so I'll catch you then good
night
