good morning guys we are literally in
the middle of a forest if you didn't
watch yesterday's video we're in a
treehouse now I'll give you a little
tour around look outside the trees the
cheeky a hot tub down there so as you
know from yesterday actually leverage
could you say something fresher they do
hey what have we got to say are you
feeling 22 feeling 22 I don't know about
you but I'm feeling 22 and you can only
ever sing that song on your birthday
once in your life
Noriko I can sing it for the rest of
this year are growing is it wasn't out
when I was 22 oh that's for you I've got
a whole year to sing this song every
single day once once a day I get to sing
that song oh yeah so you know perhaps
thing over there in the other room they
pushed our our little breakfast hamper
thing for and that's my presence on the
top but that's our breakfast hamper I
haven't seen what's inside yet hold this
oh oh no the box says I'll move my feet
ready yeah you look me kitchen I'm naked
guys in another forest let's see what's
inside
bye what is in there oh my gosh there's
a lot we're gonna need to go and get
cutlery and play man what is this apple
juice orange juice is this yellow my
favorite just like salami just look at
that that's literally my favorite this
place is the best Greek yogurt and honey
I'm guessing right we're gonna sort this
out we need to get some plates and
cutlery and everything yeah and then
we're gonna watch hunted I don't if you
saw at the end of yesterday's vlog a
watch program lost and I could hunted
and it was unbelievable that Zoe was
asleep breakfast looks amazing look at
all of this mm-hmm and we don't even
have that long before we have to get on
that side Oh put it fullscreen and watch
it whilst having breakfast I'm open to
my cards and I see one changed mouth
that's what Zoe calls me that's an F
naught T by the way
smelt trou and then I see this know what
the blue middle is that it's from Lola
so I don't have a kid Garlan love hugs
and poo in on the rugs Nala Thank You
nyle at goats look we just went to open
the door to leave to go to a massage and
they put a balloon on the outside from
the outside of our door with a little
card then where is it from like your mom
and dad or something now be from them I
don't want to let go go go go go bloom
in high as round ceiling put on the
other side of the door
Sookie right we really don't trying to
open that and open it in a minute when
we get back I'm scared they're gonna
throw this breakfast away Zoe no okay
can we write a little note I'm gonna
write them please do not throw food away
let's go it's a lovely day yes look you
guys were saying about the tree house so
you walk up here and it's like floating
it's so sick so sick yeah I've got
little Christmas trees it's such lovely
day also to do later on and there's a
25-minute Beach walk through or man it's
Sun actually what sunglass says there's
a 25 you got us with you you brought
your sunglasses to go to a massage check
you out
swimmer question why not costume choice
we have no idea where we're going we
could be there in a couple of minutes
I've just worn like the most comfy
raggedy clothes just like a random
hoodie you like and vest and stuff
zombies all dressed up and looks good
look at you I'm wearing like bloomin
tracks you bottom shorts and stuff I'm
so excited it's gonna be so good for
Instagram stuff look at the piece of art
there I'm so excited so it's a 25 minute
beach walk yes
once that there's a 25 minute beach
beach walk guys and it goes through all
the woods and then you end up I've Rick
I've got something in my shoe now what
is in my shoes what there's nothing in
there oh it was the shoelace and then
you end up down at the beach apparently
it's like a must-do here right we're
going to be late for the massage if I
don't run we can't be late come on
let's go let's go come on come on
spa and Lake suite down in here you can
apologize for being late
oh I knew I left my dear somewhere
Blumenau come on come on Samantha all
right let's actually go to the spa
what are you looking for the swimming
pool these here are the test thing
completely dry don't even leave one of
them the massage out of ten was probably
a solid what would you say I was going
to nine point eight and you can I find
it really hard to Matlack yeah I found
it really really relaxing I kept on
falling in and out of sleep in fact
which is good for me because normally I
just see the entire thing and then I
wake up with them going okay if you just
like to get dressed when you're ready oh
my god what Christmas tree o Christmas
tree how did I know as also a second ago
before Zoe got excited about the
Christmas tree the massage I know the
doors already a little bit open there we
go
it's just our doors not open and the
massage was inset all that there's
already a zipper there for us the
massage was insane
I'm so so good and then we went oh yeah
the party would be that little bit and
then we went to the swimming pool but we
didn't go in the laundry ball because
really really feel I swim in so we went
as like a relaxation therapies rental
and it's basically just loads of
different seating and different
arrangements of different jets like
pumping into your back open into your
back up here relax or your barman face
it was amazing so you just come back
into the room and there is a lid another
balloon another card and a mystery box
then turn ah that's so cute little
ribbon as well that's the one thing I
just said in a video is that I love
birthday cake I might want to eat tons
cuz I'm a cougar I'm intrigued
okay I don't have to let me get a knife
oh there's a good knife here you ready
did you make away oh ribbon yeah I
didn't agree but off did I
we haven't really got played for it to
go on yet mmm look at that berries and
cream our room has all been tidied and
clean and we're now just eating about a
cake outside okay lovely the weather is
literally got is let blue bloom in the
sky mm-hmm oh I don't never fought on
ideas over there I moved it for my for
your picture try on my first pit mmm
what's good as a nap it's not often that
you have like proper icing icing on the
cake like this and that's why I was
really confused when I saw it I was like
that isn't what I thought it was gonna
look like yeah but it tastes good mmm I
just never had icing like this or like a
normally it's like cream on top I quite
like it though I really like that we'll
jump back into bed we got all our food
we order some chips and some toasters
look they've cut the crusts off ah the
probably thought is for kids how you
finding the program yeah I'm so excited
to eat and then I'm gonna get dressed so
it's all makeup and dressed and
everything and then I'll get a job get
dressed often is edit the daily vlog
quickly as well and then we're going to
go for the beach walk we've got a little
map out do you know where we're going
not really I'm just gonna try and get
both more dress now still absolutely
lovely day this is a cool feature like a
trough for plants zoey is obsessed with
the Christmas trees huh joking this
actual deer jumping deer
know that there is a special we're
jumping deer here yeah
somebody's only gonna go up living
helicopter here haven't they can't sit
over there we go oh my god it's the army
helicopters someone was standing at the
door what the hell that was an army
helicopter somebody standing out the
door oh these people over there
just came look at that and I think we go
down here and across that little bridge
but I'm not quite sure the map is it
Mike oh wait are we going on that
walkway or is that the kids oh no that
is just a kids climbing frame I thought
that was a walkway that's call those a
little telescope little look at this
that's so cool I mean if the kids search
tiny but I'm only 22
sorry help me I'm in prison
help me it's like a natural teepee I've
ever told you guys about all the
different girls
the girlfriends I've had in my life all
like I think it's 29 of them they have
to do their agility course come on you
have to go one-legged across that the
whole thing yeah
Oh is there a good girlfriend is she a
keeper oh dammit I wanted you to fall
have you seen over this this other hotel
they have here a little bug hotel look
how cute this is this is the hotel for
little bugs close to the bug hotel yeah
I don't like spiders do I and this
definitely spiders look at the size of
that spider web we found a little bridge
there might be a troll underneath
sure we okay I'm gonna get the best one
you've already got one I need to find us
okay I've got one are you ready three
two one no much going away turn around
Rodney no you're just good might
literally go in the wrong way mine's
gone over there you're just what come on
Rodney come on you got this turn but
round mine's still there
nice going back up again this is so not
fair mine's going the wrong way
no it might come in now a little bit
gone boy convoy speed up or mines out
you going really fast
he holds sick mites covered mine's
coming good no it's not
no is it actually yours no it's not I
don't believe you
five four three two
there's mine yo that was mine oh no it
was not you do not win we kind of
already went the wrong way so we've just
corrected ourselves looking at the
little map that we've got so we have to
cross this bridge up here this little
one and then apparently after that
bridge there's going to be a little gate
leading to a road don't know we'll get
in there guys
oh I think I can see the road it's the
busy road I can see the gate as well
look you see the gate you go fast
Oh guys we must be going the right way
Beach walk caution busy road that is the
cutest thing ever
look at all their stuff we can see now
and then we walk all the way down to the
sea and as we go through we're gonna see
foxes and I don't want to see any stag
beetles yeah I want to see some blue
tipz the sea let's go think I can smell
the sea can you smell it
I can't really either I think we're
getting closer you can smell what
woodland woodland look what's coming up
we got a little map back no kind of map
see where we're up Jay yeah where are we
here
that's where we are there's the vent
they are behind you I don't think it is
it and it Forks off up there oh yeah Fox
time to come down here okay we must be
ah I can see it all right now
come on mrs. sorry guys this was meant
to be a 25 minute walk we were told so
far it is literally taking us about 45
minutes we've stopped about 10 million
times to take pictures we also put the
wrong way at the beginning and now
Zoey's got Sturgess of Kadesh a
multi-time don't want you waiting for
come on come on are you guys waiting for
come on go to get to implement see
haven't we yeah but get there let's
order over there it's where we got to
get are you ready guys
set a
that guys there's like quicksand here
it's all wet that areas literally
quicksand okay KITT I'm standing on it
again there Oh
so I'm swearing guys sorry for swearing
quick oh my gosh
sorry taking selfies right we've got
sure run and get on that thing over
there on that quick
damnit guys we can't stand in it look at
that hot dog which is a natural Beach
hot dog walking back now
Oh over this way that was awesome
still sucked I said they were super
windy down there because we're right by
the beach obviously on the beach yeah
now it's not windy at all it's actually
quite flies now yeah a big old hike is
nice look at the weather we got so lucky
yesterday is pouring down with rain and
today it is blooming lovely we're
heading back now we're just right near
our tree house I just definitely not
little Daz at our big old tree house and
then we're going to jump in the hot tub
and just relax and cheer when I need to
edit yesterday's de drogas well yeah
hunt is on tonight I've let you mention
this TV program on my vlog about 1200
times oh yeah some stuff on what I've
not my orange juice straight off
silly me thank-oo splash me thank you
oh that's just good is there by the time
you're watching this as you're watching
this it is 5 o'clock on Friday I'm
getting my hair cut
well short at 4:45 when they're watching
this my hair wood is getting major cut
as you're watching this video I'm super
excited guys I know I've been going out
for ages but I've just decided that I
want it shorter again we're just not up
now and it is so lovely come over here
come come come oh no see always there a
seat on your side
no so V is only gone and put my hair in
a bloomin man bun look at this and then
if you can see it look but as I just
said a minute ago I'm getting it cut
tomorrow because to be able to put it up
so slick wit like pull back so down
tight and it would literally take like
another minimum like 6 months to be able
to get it looking good and I cannot be
bothered to let my hair go for another 6
months it's painful having to wear a
hairband your actual physically painful
but annoying having to wear a hair band
or a beanie or a hat everything look at
me I look like a tomato books I'm so hot
right now so he's got the hot tub I need
to get out I'm like dying it's so hot
alright guys we're back inside from the
hot tub I just fell asleep forbidden
night you didn't I absurd if you want
proof the picture thank you and then
edging uploading the daily vlog and now
I didn't if you first met did you oh you
did I did it behind me mention I haven't
mentioned I'm hunting later on in this
video is that me asleep yeah while you
were sick whilst I was edited I was oh
my god yeah we are watching episode 2 of
hundred you guys looking a sponsored
guys it's not sponsored I just randomly
had this deal I had channel 4 last night
and it it was amazing so we're watching
that but it turns out that the one that
I watched last night was at
from a week ago today so episode 2 is on
now we haven't had dinner yet McCloud
beef I finish don't hide yourself no I'm
cognizant sup yeah yes so I'm watching
it it looks so good so we're watching it
now we haven't had dinner yet so we need
to order some food
don't we but I think we're going to
order the night our menu so we're going
to wait into oh my gosh there's a blue
number ceiling I forgot about that
how do we get that down it's pretty high
I'm pretty tall don't you worry no wait
you're missing it okay what speech in a
minute we're going to add some food and
I've seen a bit you gotta pick your nose
for you
