good morning everybody I know some
mornings were wrong I meant good morning
guys you're all going to kill me in the
comments I'm so sorry
Zoe and I are in the car as you know
from yesterday's video it is time for
Zoe and I to go on a little trip for my
birthday as you're watching this it is
actual my birthday for me it's the 16th
of September but few watching is the day
after which is my 22nd birthday which is
crazy I still have no idea where we're
going on what we doing
all I know is that we've driven for half
an hour and we are an hour and a half
away still we kind of just had to stop
off it was my idea but it's fine because
it's my birthday ish birthday
celebration time at this place and I've
gone the dollar's hot chocolate which is
rich my favorite because outside it's
all like rainy and dark and grey and oh
you helped me on my camera angle thank
you
and yeah so hope you having a lovely day
whatever you're up to I still don't know
what we're doing today I've uploaded the
daily vlog and an extra video for my
merchandise as you're watching this my
merchandise has officially finished but
now and then it will go on for limited
edition on the 25th so I hope if you
wanted one you did manage to get one in
time yeah don't you know else to say
books I have no idea what we're doing
today I've already uploaded all my
videos just in case we don't have into
it so he keeps saying they might not
have internet where we're going I don't
know how good it's gonna be I'm not
gonna scaring me I might I just have to
hots what my face anyways guys taste
this this tastes like Christmas
- sweet curry sauce it's not sweet curry
sauce is sweet and sour is that sweet
sour
mmm tastes like cinnamon II likes
cinnamon II spicy does like a Christmas
candle ristmas mix yeah
easy
my
Oh
we're rocking out to Beyonce guys I just
thought update here we are eight minutes
20 seconds away from where we're going I
still don't have a clue over go in
apparently we've gone past rude sides
let's say where we're going on them I
just haven't taken notice currently in
the middle of nowhere
let me show you what no signal yeah
there's no one thing that I was like so
please tell me we get Internet where
we're going all of our phones haven't no
service at all so just fingers crossed
that the place where we go in has some
sort of Wi-Fi even if it's rubbish just
something my merchandise goes for sale
in an hour and a half and I want to be
able to refresh my Twitter and see what
you guys are saying about it
we're entering the place now I didn't it
oh look at it look at it this railways
time we've got a 10 and we got a 10 for
that field I did say another 10 imagine
if we were camping in a tent I wouldn't
mind it I like it I love the sound of
rain on a 10
look at this guy's
here we go okay this sorry where are we
what do you mean look all right guys so
we got here as you just seen in the
little thing dropped us off outside and
we're staying in come here
I mean shot we're staying in a treehouse
yeah
like this place is insane shailen
strange site
okay right this is one of my favorite
things yet that's all I'm about to show
them look at this anything that's that's
the same so we've got this is chocolate
what something oh and that will be for
the hot chocolates anyways so this here
is so that when you order room service
or your breakfast anymore there you and
a hammer they bring it you a nap and
they slide it through there then they
don't have to get you out of bed and
then when you wake up you just go here
like that is insane so 7:30 our
breakfast is gonna be waiting in this
cupboard we don't even have to answer
the door so I can just hang cakes yeah
it's more tape yeah they have things
like em pastries and you're getting
fruit and usually but then every day
they have a slight continental breakfast
they'll have one other extra thing which
changes more whose ice butter pancakes
okay we're low flight and then over here
we have amazing over no okay
so coffee machine with like a froth not
that I you can add like a little thing
down here that adds in the milk comes
out there so then you can make your hot
chocolate which is walk with
marshmallows peppermint tea chamomile
tea something hate something else tea
English team all it says on it
oh right coffee beans some popcorn nuts
and crisps chocolate in here which is
the chocolate that lychee merely we
bought the other day
70% ginger and orange and this is all
complimentary though it's so lovely and
then we've got a wood a wood burner
happy apples in little line wood burner
that we're gonna definitely going to put
on this which even has a police station
has like ya know Playstations upstairs
yeah and DVD player or DVDs everything
side yeah you order all your room
service evidence alert hotel no in room
service
mmm services and then you can choose a
tree house food and drink and this place
you don't get very good and then out
here on the balcony look at the view oh
my gosh and there's a massive hot tub
out there still that's already hot like
no that's the best time hazy because
it's rainy
yeah so what just then we went outside
we went outside and we went to look at
the hot tub news like let me just take
the lid off for you and then it was like
that was smoke that's deep not smoke
Steve Dean everywhere is so hot in the
moment this sofa is right
sorry sofa at home too many like lit
like hold that this is how much you can
comfortably sit without moving up here
that's it this is a one-seater serve
that I like once more tea everything and
let me tell them these are my favorite
like these coasters I love these let me
tell them about them the wood in here
and the coasters is used like they are
the trees that were here that got
knocked down to build the treehouse
they've reused the trees and all on the
paneling on the outside sit this missus
near this cistern to decrypts now I'm
your camera method this is the only
thing good look at the little owl light
I really like the our light but I'm not
allowed to sit on the bed or do anything
yak sweet I want to take blog pictures
how cute so cute
I'm good for tonight as well all of this
TV if you put a DVD in that room it
plays on here as well you can first of
all we should have brought some DVDs but
they've got DVD library or something
this is the view from the bedroom come
through here the bathroom look how deep
the barkas hmm look at that that's so
cool
that's it oh there's the TV in the
bathroom oh yeah cash look at my view
from my bath
insane a bidet I can wash my bum look at
those things
this is attack I really turn it on I
want to see how it oh nice his-and-her
sinks that's a sick
big old shower or there are here with
emotions in time company yes I also and
this is the beauty person in me but I
also really love that the free samples
are red like red is really you know I
love how everything's set in like the
shelves don't know man this is what
everything set in lots of fresh towels
now to go to a room that neither of us
have been in before there's another
little door over here yeah another
toilet but this isn't the room that we
have a vintage suppose this is if you
have more people say oh my do you want
to see the room we have a vintage how
sick is this you ready
then then up here look it's got baby
gate at the top we could have bought
Nala and just lift her up there to chill
right you go fast yeah you have to step
one at time go go go
you look so awkward I love Ozzy we've
got little cockpits a carpet oh my god I
nearly fell over it's so weird walking
like that oh oh this is so cute oh
there's like beanbags up here look how
cute this is
here's the PlayStation this is I little
wooden toy Ginga but blooming puzzles
I'm gonna learn to do this you know
Polly go and then if you have vertigo
look over that hmm
if you had Vashon good let's go
backwards hey no don't go forwards are
you joking me you don't go forwards you
go back trust me go backwards
oh hi guys scary okay going down no no
no no you step in the wrong foot the
other one it's like no daddy no no no no
you're missing the stairway to step
there oh no no your right foot is on the
left one step this one down there yeah
there we go yeah you got it
trust me where do you have to do it
you'll be terrified Zoe she print some
music on I've lit the fire look at that
guy's I'm a bloomin pro look at that
buckle at times or he's just made a hot
shot for praise no what what do we put
that under there just at least if it
does milk then it would just be into
that
oh all right let me get some of these
chocolates up in their preparation
underway well then this quickly get some
shocked in there how much you get
released I got my chopped in there
quickly our food has just arrived didn't
did a Dern I just heard it go in the
hatch you ready
look at that maybe that's what this is
for no way they put a tablecloth in
there I'm going to put it onto a plate
up here guys I'm going to switch out the
food and then I'll show you what it
looks like all right this is the food
now we've put it all on the little table
yo that looks delicious
that is my duck I don't know what else
it was I can't remember oh yeah what
sausage was now then we've got a salad
tomato and mozzarella salad that is my
dessert wait that is a dark chocolate
mousse and then this little one I
controlled it was broccoli or something
there we go
broccoli and nuts yeah then Zoe's pizza
Wow
don't know what's in here I just flipped
the salad over and it looks in sane this
also looks from
amazing look at this
hi guys I am over tucked up into better
got to be quiet because Zoe is asleep
next to me she's literally been asleep
for like two and a half hours or
something crazy and I just watched the
best program I've watched in a long time
and you watch much TV
but I was just looking through the TV
and I found a program called hunted and
it was so good it was it was like a
basically there was individual people
who are from the UK and they're only
allowed to stay in the UK and for 28
days they have to try and run away and
get away from 30 of the best detectives
in the world kind of like if you were a
criminal on the run they've got to try
and beat these the best detectives I
don't know it's kind of kind of hard to
explain but it's so good so if you like
that kind of thing go check out hunted I
just loved it and apparently the second
episode is on tomorrow and so the day
you're watching this and 9 p.m. I think
that's what my friend Morgan just told
me anyway I don't know just google it it
was really really good could hunt it but
this place is so cool such a good
surprise I like a never imagined that we
were going to be staying in the tree
house tomorrow morning we've got
breakfast being delivered at between
7:00 and 7:30 through the little hatch
thing which is awesome I love the little
hatch and then 11 o'clock we both have
an hour massage each which is going to
be so good like I need a massage so bad
I'd love get a massage and I just don't
do it often enough and some superstratum
for that yeah it is my birthday
I'm officially 22 as you're watching
this I'm 22 by now for me because it's
like past 1:00 in the morning
22 that just feels so grown-up and
ritual for me
I don't feel 22 it's weird
22 like I still feel like nineteen
eighteen that kind of thing
I don't know anyways guys I'm gonna end
up
thank you so much watching today if you
want to give me a birthday wish get the
video bigger thumbs up and if you
enjoyed the video give the video a
thumbs up as well Zoe has done an
awesome job again this place good night
