good morning guys oh my gosh why did you
let me stay up so late last night
why did Chen Calum let me start so late
last night guys I didn't and they're
going to bed until like quarter past
three and I have to be downstairs today
at 8 a.m. I've literally I'd like less
than four and a half hours sleep that's
the worst decision ever the time is
currently 758 I have to be downstairs to
get a taxi the taxis already down there
I have to be downstairs to get a taxi at
8 o'clock I don't want to get out of bed
I've literally got two minutes it won't
take me long to get dressed already but
I'm literally waiting until the absolute
last second I possibly can because I
accidentally put my room
air-conditioning when I accidentally but
movem air-conditioning last night on to
19 degrees which I thought would be a
good temperature I don't really know air
conditioning because we don't really
have in the UK very much who's bringing
me turns out that's blooming freezing
right this is a sign probably someone
bringing me today Gabe but out of bed
checking that I haven't left anything
behind although I was literally in this
room I came in at food for like 20
minutes went down to the bar slept for
four hours and then left like I
literally was in this room for less than
five hours should take the key down all
right let's go I'm actually feeling
surprisingly good you know I feel pretty
good I am the worst dead you want
anything
back I'm the worst a blogger guys I am
literally be worse than yoga in the
world the time is 10 minutes plus 6:00
in the evening
I haven't managed to film anything today
because I have just been so busy I
basically spent all of today as you know
how to get up super early do it all and
wear my back floors are smooth I did a
day with a sky Academy which was awesome
it so basically I was with 25 15 year
olds teaching them giving them guidance
talking about helping them just learn to
be more confident in themselves and it
was so good it was really really
inspiring these young people were
amazing
oh it's at a sushi place I so want some
soup I don't think it's a sushi place
that's good then
so can't get any sushi anyways these
young people had such an amazing day one
of the things I did with them was help
them learn to direct and film and edit
and use all the equipment that was in
sky studios and it was awesome they came
up some amazing stuff I'm going to input
some footage now but just quickly bear
in mind that these are 25 normal not
like media students just normal students
who have no particular like history with
doing any presenting or directing or
anything and they made this video I'm
going to input a bit of it now just to
show you because I asked for it to put
on an SD card so that I could show you
why then the right way so that I could
show you guys what they've done it was
awesome so I hope you enjoy this hello
there army man holmes reporting for sky
news we have an important story breaking
the sky news exclusive and we headlines
a studio one at sky Academy skills
studio good morning this is Nicole and I
are amis we are reporting live for sky
Academy confidence month furthermore
youtuber sensation Alfie deyes has
advised those who are not confident to
take the positive from the negative the
pointlessblog star said that those who
Billy online are the real ones that have
a lack of confidence Thank You honest
hi we are live from the South Park where
we will be talking to never a massive
fan of the YouTube sensation Alfie deyes
early on we had a really big surprise
for lebra that rocked close your eyes
open your eyes bubble oh my goodness how
are you doing
find you yeah good thank you I'm also
joined by an inspirational guest who has
taken the social media world by storm
please welcome Alfie deyes thank you for
having me
oh you bet thank you for being here how
you doing I'm good thank you how are you
good okay so we always confident when
you were growing up I mean I've always
done like drama and stuff like I've been
in all my school plays and everything
but I don't think I've always been as
confident as I am I remember I did I did
the Nativity when I was like five or
something and there's a video a home
video all I did was literally just sit
there quiet I was that kid I was the
annoying kid that just quite onstage the
entire time so I don't think I always
have I think I just put all my energy
into focusing on things that I love so
that I get really confident in the right
things yes well I think we've all been
there and being crying on stage yeah
hopefully not just me I am now if you're
wondering thinking where have you been
won't even do today just had the most
amazing meeting about merchandise
because right now as you're watching
this like literally for me is 23 hours
for you it is right now my new
merchandise is available for pre-order
24 hours pre-order or money I should be
wearing it I've got I've got a brand new
t-shirt off in my bag for Zoey I got a
small one for her so if you guys do on
that t-shirt it's available pre-order
right now for 24 hours and then no more
ordering until the 25th
I will leave a link to a down below it's
basically pointless blog shop calm
people are like whistling at me over
there I'm trying to get to the tube now
cuz I'm off to meet Zoe and then we to
get that well everyone knows I'm talking
to a camera and then together we off
also have no idea where I am like no
idea just came up in their merch meeting
and then we're off together to go to
Joe's a book launch which is going to be
cool
I can tell it's going to be good
manager that's the money shot
oh look at this shot guys where the Big
Ben and the London I am one Hey
I am now with Zoe who's got that's gonna
say little big hat pretty big hat or a
little head over there look how cool
that looks
the London Eye is like rainbow coloured
and if you can see it we're about to go
inside happening here time to change
only to eat a fresh sandwich and now
we're going straight off to Joe's book
launch which is going to be cool
apparently today what's the record the
fastest ever selling graphic novel he
just broke the world record that is
insane
the balcony here I'm not sure if you saw
box the launch is in say how nice is
this really your eyes everyone is
probably showing you this view tonight
in Fort Lee seen this is like 12 vlogs
it is crazy I thought because I said to
get shot I should have shown my shot my
merch pictures up here yeah Joe so
chuffed in there
I should have logged him a minute ago
everyone's inside yeah all this there's
so many school friends here I always
think of them just like little yeah and
then just don't like men I think my
brother's friends and he was like oh
when I was back at uni about five years
ago and I was like sorry what I should
know that's not right yeah like that is
crazy today how's it going Josie yeah
look a smart yes a little bougie every
day every time you want our videos
you're either dancing or you're doing
this or that
I do man good good I'm like an hour and
a half late but I'm not he's like ten
minutes late we were sold nearly late so
and I made it just in time
Zoe and Joan I've just had one of their
drawings done look at that look good
Joseph Joe looks about 42 years old so
we've just got home after an awesome
time at Joe's book launch it was so so
good it's so nice that you had so many
of his friends they're fun back in the
forum the forum hound ah you did live in
a foot your family owned a farm are you
joking they did do you guys know Zoe's
family owned a farm there's only a corn
farm
it wasn't animals if any corn ever did
did guys she won't want to admit it I
don't know why but they owned a corn
farm it wasn't animals it's just corn
well you know all right
it was the first time that we had ever
left Nala in this and just trying to
open entertain in the playpen and good
news we left her for four hours which is
the longest you can leave a little pug
like this because they're just small and
they miss you hey she didn't have any
accidents I just came back took her out
of it and she did a weird approve
straightaway outside in case you're
wondering
oh cool you can park off Paco go Nala
Paco okay it's like half past midnight
I'm so happy that she played in here and
she had a drink and stuff and she didn't
have enough
in there because the thing is the thing
like white woman I'm just explaining
this the thing with her little quick
down here is that it's like a bedroom so
she would never ever have an accident in
there like just like you wouldn't win
your own bed
Nev all she but this is a little bit
bigger so she could probably get away
with a win over there and then just
sleeping here for a while so I'm so glad
that she did it yeah
distracting me woody look at her face
watch her face she looked we got a
laying down she just wanted the toy so
bad ah throw it for AI oh she's getting
so distressed right we barely eaten
anything like the last thing I ate was a
sandwich actually oh my god show me you
got pizza Zoey
yo they delivered an extra one can you
heat this up can we just put it in the
oven
oh my gosh also if you didn't know as
you're watching this guys yes hi I don't
have to turn our oven to bruschetta
right now I've done it turned it on yeah
they also get a bit cheaper
yes I love this and you don't need did
you guys know that you're watching this
is Wednesday so Zoey and I will be on
our little trip away for my birthday I'm
super excited I still don't know I'm
going are you excited are you excited
and then we've got a friend looking
after Nala who's going to stay in our
house whilst we're away
we're gonna way from Wednesday until
Friday I'm super excited I don't know
where we're going I'm just really really
excited you excited I don't want to be
22 I don't know about you I've just
squeezed a soup on my chin is really red
I don't want to be 22 is that old do you
know what was weird everything tonight
cuz all my brother's friends I still
think of them as like 89 your brother's
friends are like men
then well they're all 24 and then I was
like oh yeah sure and I was talking
about your birthday I know how long is
it going to be definitely on church too
and it's only on in an all we're
brothers friends of course your bro is
older than me have you listened that's
not gonna hear so oh yeah I've been open
so you guys know Leon busting lis
machines literally him and his
girlfriend today Carly talking to me and
I'm like oh yes my birthday on Thursday
they're like he's a man it's the one
isn't it 25 I'm like no 24 home enjoy
DeWine at them oh no get a Tony terriers
oh shut up so what is I know you know I
was like yeah I don't know why everyone
thinks I'm going to be older than I am
me either
I don't marry me Dan like I always think
of you as older than my brother as well
and no new issues are weird okay doing
another cool fact guides Zoey come here
you are older than my older sister no
younger my younger brother that is just
that's crazy that is so crazy right I'm
gonna hear I'm Sasha we wit nice hair
watch me whip now watch me nae nae watch
me whip whip all right guys I'm all
tucked up into bed quite awkwardly I
don't got enough space to lay down
properly because this little sausage
it's taking up all the room I'm gonna
end the vlog here so pause one o'clock
in the morning and I'm so tired and I've
got to get up early tomorrow
no it don't stop it Sarris wine develop
about what's happening tomorrow your arm
dance shut up
I've got a wetsuit cancellation
headphones and all I know is that we're
not gonna go out the country that is all
I am I do need to edit this daily vlog
tomorrow morning before we go because I
don't know how far we're driving or what
we're getting a train or whatever or or
if it's got Wi-Fi or if it's got Wi-Fi
wherever we go in so I'm going to try
and edit the daily vlog remember guys as
you're watching this my limited edition
merge is now for pre-order just for 24
hours for 24 hours my new limited
edition merchandise is available I will
leave a link down below if you want to
go check it out that'd be awesome and
you just have a look at it see what you
think let me know in the comments what
you think of the design I love the
design so in fact I got Zoe a t-shirt
one of them today from the office when I
was in London I wonder god Zoe one and
t-shirts and you helped me pick from the
colors and we're really really happy
with the color is like dark grey which
is really nice as you've seen in the
pictures that's about it
I'm sorry that today's very soft I just
want to point out t-shirt yeah that's
why I just we did send the t-shirt oh
yeah I forgot to you as the price the
price of the t-shirt I only know in
pounds I don't know in like dollars or
anything else is
$12.99 which i think is super reasonable
because a lot a lot most merchandise
that I've seen other youtubers II like
18 19 pounds kind of thing and I
personally don't know you can go into
like American Apparel
Urban Outfitters even top madnes get a
t-shirt for like $12.99
maybe like a design basic maybe a plan -
yeah but not like a branded t-shirt no
so I think it's super super good I
worked really really hard with one of my
friends called Tom and to pick the
t-shirt to swap out the printing the
design made sure is really cheap for you
guys but still the quality was good and
I'm really happy the product I'm really
happy with the price and anyways enough
about merchandise if you want to check
it out you guys will check it out yeah
sorry I didn't film a lot of today is
because I had like camera crews on me
constantly and news crews on me and
doing everything they were filming
everywhere I knew these news crews
present yeah probably watch out for the
wave that was for the sky Academy thing
that I was doing earlier but anyways I'm
gonna end the vlog I hope you understand
that today's been super hectic I got at
4 hours sleep last night and is now past
1:00 in the morning I'm going to sleep
I'm so excited for the next few days if
you're excited for the next few days
comment down below guessing where you
think we're going you have to come in
Oh would we have tweeted saying where we
are no I don't know comment down below
guess what you think we'll go in I love
you so much I catch each my good
