I still have the worst sore throat in
the world it was hard getting out of bed
today
like you know when you just feel really
weak I feel like I'm about to get ill
and I don't know whether to like push
hard and fight it or whether to like let
it take me for a day or two and then I'm
gonna have full energy back I haven't
decided yet which one of those two
options I'm gonna go for so instead I
just had a Ida pepperminty that's the
one
as you've hopefully seen by the title of
the vlog today is a super exciting day
because the new iPhone X I'm gonna speak
quietly because no idea the new iPhone X
comes out today today and I've been
lucky enough that I've got to come in
one for me one for Zoey awarded she has
no idea how kind of lucky that Zoe isn't
really clued on to like release dates of
products and games and apps and items
and stuff because then it means I can
get them for her as a surprise she has
no idea yeah I took yesterday off of
vlogging because I was literally just in
meetings all day and on the phone all
day and doing emails and stuff like that
and had a phone call event warm my
throat that I went to last night which
was my friend Dave is doing like a
little tour around the UK so I went as a
guest to that last night which was nice
but now we're back blogging today it's a
super lovely day it's like super nice
and fresh so last night poppy and Sean
stayed over our house you're gonna have
to ignore my croaky weird voice today
and this morning we all decided to go
out for a lovely breakfast together at a
place called Red Rooster in Brighton
it's so nice there although I remembered
that new iPhone is coming out today and
it's arriving today
so I was like I can't leave the house
and miss the delivery that would suck so
those three went for breakfast together
without me I stayed in bed drinking my
peppermint tea trying to get my sore
throat better and then after missing the
breakfast the phones didn't even arrive
but they still haven't arrived yet so
I'm gutted that I missed breakfast but
at the same time if I did go for
breakfast and the phone's arrived and
I've missed them I would have been even
more gutted you win some you lose some
so this is one of our meetings
differently
a policy with like dogs yeah yeah but we
get order to put in this is good because
I've just got home now and if you
couldn't tell what we were doing we were
isin if I explained it we were your for
this new company that is launching so I
need a way I'm like so excited give me
one minute
they've got to Zoey's office and tell
you guys if you understood what you just
saw Zoey and I went to go look at some
new office space and I'm talking like
big office space sick new office all
getting completely done up refurbed for
the new company that involve the Rope
still restore for the new company that
I've been talking about so much I will
be able to tell you fairly soon I
promise
exciting stuff is how excited I don't
know what is not what we just did oh
yeah really exciting like so exciting
close your eyes and I'm gonna put
something in your hand okay
I'll be
he hands out keep your eyes closed but
your hands out open your eyes oh my god
you know I saw everybody else getting
these and it's not oh it has no button
just upgrade it to the eighth plus and
you know that can be your work phone you
have two phones the eight plus and then
this can be your main one but this this
is like yo yeah open it so bad no this
is the best wine eed to do new merch
phone cases now it feels good in my hat
it was really like luxurious this feels
really good I want excited no front
please yeah portrait front faces Bobby's
behind the camera look at the screen
it's literally massive where's the
button I don't know what oh you slide
out nice and God English I could wonder
why you wanted me to come and sit with
you while you open your supreme I did
actually
so I ordered some stuff from supreme if
you notice it looks like this in a bit I
feel like it's like a Hardy shop to ever
order stuff on because the stuff sells
out not exaggerating in six seconds like
they actually know what he's been trying
to get I ordered this two months ago put
in the wrong address
I put in our old house I then they then
failed obviously to make the delivery
yeah what was super helpful is that bit
the wrong email as well I polka dot you
l-love than UK so they emailed me like I
ordered this stuff like two months ago
then they emailed me a week ago saying
hey we think you did the wrong email you
did your new l1 and UK and I was like
I'm an idiot
please consent to this new address and
this so I've got all my super e order
here
now I've been waiting for right no
shoulder yes so I've been waiting the
next III leaner for like two months
I'm so excited do you not like it I do I
think I look cool on you learn to
t-shirts I got so much stuff anyways I
just wanted to give you the new iPhone
you like it yeah I'm gonna go suck mine
out now right I need to have at the
office I'm so excited
you've got a few calls tonight I need to
get back to the old office know you've
got a few calls to make honestly why me
this potential new office basically we
saw we saw four different offices today
and we're torn between two of them one
is small and one is off the side to the
other one I think the small ones are we
think is the bigger one it's gonna it's
gonna be a shared office that's what I'm
saying
it's good yeah it's good if you decide
it's we got sent some beers the other
day these are all different from a beer
subscription that I signed up to horny
bull stout that's the one all the ones
we're gonna crack some open it's Friday
I'm gonna cheat a little drink in the
office all right what drinks we learned
for who's having what I want to go for
this flamingo juice whoa oh my gosh what
just happened no way look how cool this
is
that's amazing
you might really wide me isn't that cool
no that's what it's meant to do it's a
stop for a Mingo juice
yeah that's quite good hmm I'm HAP I'm
happy with my choice just go back from
the office and apparently Zoe is doing a
Christmas puzzle which doesn't surprise
me at all what are you doing what's
going on in here
why are you wearing a sprout sprout hat
where's this puzzle with their party you
can do it I don't even own a Christmas
puzzle oh my gosh that is a big old
Christmas puzzle it's nearly done yeah
of course is not it doesn't ever go to
her she goes to me she done in a
triangle okay comes over here
she's too small probably you need to go
away and give her a dinner go on I'll
carry the monitor into the car what I
haven't got mom won't fit in your shoes
1/2 room in the garden
they've got spiders in them what pop is
boring and computer monitor because her
laptop screen is all broken so she can't
see her laptop screen so she's boring a
computer monitor which is actually my
project managers but she's not a day at
the moment all jokes aside we are
actually sitting down to do this
Christmas puzzle now you know query easy
Friday night and living it up doing a
Christmas puzzle I say we as oh he's
finding it difficult to find all of the
edges she's done a very good job so far
well there is a lot missing in here I
don't know whether to like ten I was
going to say 10,000 would literally take
us until Christmas I think
to Christmas I don't know whether to oh
here's a good one is that that's the
missing me down the bottom there shut up
okay that was a good find I don't know
whether to like categorize as soon as I
find edges push them to the side like I
think so but also if you find similar
colors making little piles do you think
yeah I mean edges is a priority because
once you've got the edges you are just
not moving into the inside but do you
want me to pop it I push them aside ones
that aren't edges and I actually find
them all or just have a look Oh
cheeky little edge oh where is that
could you pass me a box yeah the bottom
is the best bit that's kind of where I
left yesterday's block man I mean I
explained in this video that I wasn't
feeling very well at the beginning but
why is it always that in the morning so
you can't see me very well why is it
always in the morning and the evening
that you feel so much light is there an
actual reason why that is yesterday was
so much fun but now like sitting here
just now and entertain all of the video
up to where you've seen it so far in the
whole video on like this I feel not so -
I look like such a Zambian that I'm not
excited yesterday the video you're
watching now was genuine one of the most
exciting days I've had in a long time
like not only did I get the new iPhone X
not also surprise oh but the new iPhone
X but we went to go and view potential
new offices for this new company and
when I say often that I didn't explain
it properly just cuz I'm feeling very
good when ice and I still really don't
feel good when I say offices I'm talking
like big spaces like the offices that we
were looking at yesterday two of the
ones that were particularly I mean up in
I found a couple more online that I want
to go view since then yes so we're going
to view four offices and the kind of
vibe that we're going for for this new
company three and a half thousand square
foot which is probably enough space to
have a 70 80 people in the office
there's not going to be that many people
because we want the environment officers
got like a certain feel there needs to
be certain teams
the company that have their own areas
but when you're seeing the spaces that
you saw with like iron I didn't really
show much and one of the ones that I did
show was all like separate rooms and
stuff like all the walls will be taken
out everything's gonna be completely
redone completely redacted like it's
going to be a bloody big project and I
want this new company to really really
be like flourishing and involved and
have all of you guys involved in the
vlogs in setting up this new company the
new logos the new designs for the new
office things that were working on
meeting the team like the team the new
company's gonna have its own Instagram
gonna have its own Twitter the team are
going to be really really bulked I'm
gonna like film working with the team
because at the moment with the people
that work on whatever they deliver me at
the moment I don't really put on camera
because the team is quite small but once
we're going with this new company it's
gonna be like the life changing the life
changing kind of stuff is happening guys
no no the vlogs have suffered over the
last couple of months and I have warned
you a couple of times and videos that
because I'm working something so big at
the moment the vlogs will take a hit for
a while because you're all at the moment
I'm interviewing live over the last few
weeks are probably interviewed like 10
people for to like join potentially join
the team and stuff so I'm in like
non-stop interviews non-stop phone calls
saw and stuff out non-stop on the phone
to my lawyer my accountants really
really trying to make this happen in the
right way and at the moment because
obviously the team is so small it takes
so much of my involvement which takes
away time from the videos I do
understand that that does suck
that's not the way in which I wanted to
go better doing this new company tear to
go and it's gonna be sick I just wanted
to run up in there in the blog because
this vlog seemed a little bit not Darla
I seemed a bit darling the vlog and that
wasn't the case at all and then last
night when we're doing the puzzle I just
gradually felt more and more and more I
was like oh and then I just went like
and literally fell asleep on the sofa
half past 9:00 last night and then woke
up and like a lever and went up to bed
played a little bit on my playstation
and just like crashed out and I woke up
this morning like listen to me now I
first understood he feels so ill but
I've got a fun blog plan today I'm off
to
don't go meet one of my friends for his
birthday I just wanted to like round the
blog up also set on my new iphone it's
so sick that face ID just works like a
better how it works but I'm going to
spend some time getting used to like no
button but I fully set up I don't have a
case yet I need to get a case today
anyways I just wanted to like round up
this vlog give it a nice ending let you
guys know that I was so excited
yesterday like beyond excited it was
such a big day for me and the new
company and a big day for Zoey
and I didn't want you to be watching the
vlog thinking you're alfie seemed a bit
off today I feel really really ill at
the moment but I'm trying to try to
fight it trying to carry on you know
tryna eat good get out there get some
fresh air slept with the window open
last night to make sure I'm breathing in
fresh air anyway so I'm gonna end the
vlog here thank you so much to everybody
who's already giving it a thumbs up
who's already subscribed it means a lot
to me
I can also officially tell you that
there is new merchandise drop in on the
12th of November November the 12th new
Christmas merchandise or catch it boy
