good morning guys I know you don't like
this t-shirt it makes it look like I'm
wearing one of those hospital gown
things but I'm not I'm lying in bed with
a little poorly Zoe she's super poorly
and we're listening to mr. Sudbury if
love is there like pink petals in the
spring it will blossom that's gotta be a
philosopher do you think the philosopher
I can't imagine anyone like Marcus
Butler saying no it's not very Alfie
deyes okay an egg in your hand and I'll
tell you if you're right if you're wrong
if love is there like pink petals in the
spring it will blossom is not from a
philosopher that is life with a sprinkle
of glitter no my Louise Pentland from
chapter four or but Louise egg in your
face you've got to be careful with this
because I remember when I did it with
Alfie it hurts so much as you guys know
Joe's new book is out or my camera will
not focus so he is doing like all the
press side of things which is superb
silence morning historians
radio one with Nick Grimshaw coughs
never gave us and they're doing some
challenge together got to be a
philosopher in Cuba okay mm so Joe Hilma
straight back to this guy's literally
just signing parsing signing parsing
signing parsing this is Zoey's last
stack nearly there just ran into pets at
home
Zoey is already there
somewhere down here we've got so much
different stuff to buy we want to buy
not of a new crate a bigger one we need
to buy guinea pig food I'm gonna focus
this camera is just great isn't it we
need to get loads of stuff basically
it's coming for a big old shop guys we
found it we just want like a play-doh
know where you go in look at told me to
do it do you want to take nada
you take Nala and I'll do this there we
go this is just for when our needs chill
time but we don't want it to kind of
create because I'm now gonna get stuff
for a birthday video from here
I turned 22 on Thursday that is like
insane 22 I literally feel like 18 like
it's insane
so for my birthday video on my main
channel I'm gonna try and buy a ton of
like helium balloons and stuff and make
it cool so that is why I've come here to
film that later on today so I need some
helium balloons from somewhere now I
don't know how easy is gonna be to find
a balloon for a 22 year old I might just
have to get some generics is this weird
that I'm buying myself a happy birthday
balloon that one's cool just got
everything I needed ton of stuff you'll
see you I need this once the videos up I
can't even show you what it is there we
go
we just bought at Arden of different
stuff and also some harnesses and things
up there this is like knowledge favorite
toy but a big version nyla what's this
this if she'll go for it was it going in
done in yeah
oh don't bite the side you silly one
there we go oh good girl also got some
treats and stuff
now they do want a treat what's mummy
got
what's that is that yummy
is she gonna run away with that yeah no
she won't let me near right now she
thinks I'm gonna take off by then
goodbye don't enjoy yet where you going
you can't decide
we got loaded dental choose but you
meant to make a breath smell a lot nicer
we have no idea what they are but I want
to build this this is what I'm so
excited a large playpen nada you want a
large playpen is that what you want baby
she is loving that you want a nice play
pen know that no no you're at the
dentist
another hit the dentist baby here we go
you've got it set up it's pretty damn
big gone let's re go in there you go and
playing there with her good yeah but
obviously guys were only gonna use this
when we go out and stuff it's just
better than leaving her in there mas
without and about I can t remember the
last time I filmed guys all I know is my
trainers in like seven minutes to London
it's super late in the evening there's
like quarter past 10:00 I cannot miss
this train otherwise I think it's random
oh my gosh come on come on super offbeat
they're single all right guys I've got
some explaining
today it is literally so late and Eve
then tie the last on a properly blocked
when we were building knowledge new
black plate and little thing is robbing
like 4 p.m. time now is 19 minutes past
10:00 is that chocolate ray leaves and
as you can see my train is leaving
oh man I am so tired so I edited not
wrote at the daily vlog after we lost
work properly and then old train
announcement to follow Sabbath to get my
training and then after editing a daily
vlog I Victoria what did I do
the load of emails and then
order dinner happy in here buddy too
much no super busy we had to tidy the
whole upstairs of the house Lich had to
tidy by tomorrow so I'm tidied
everything and the upstairs in the house
with Zoey and then I just filmed two new
videos one Wednesday to explain my
merchandise the exact moment my
merchandise goes live for sale at 5:00
p.m. Wednesday evening UK time for 24
hours and then another video which is my
main channel video which is a birthday
video going up on Sunday I pre film now
because I don't know if I've told you
but for my birthday
Zoey has booked a trip away for me and
her Wednesday until Friday I have no
idea where we're going or what we're
doing all they know is that she said I'm
gonna want a daily vlog definitely gonna
wanna vlog because I said should I take
my birthday off have a couple of days
off of you
wherever we go over it and she don't
know you're gonna wanna vlog and trust
me and then she also said that I'm gonna
want to take my big proper like
photography camera my five-day my Canon
camera because it's going to be good for
pictures so wherever we go and it's
gonna be cold so I'm really really
excited for those videos I hope you are
as well so I fill my main channel video
so that was where away I'm not like
stressing or worried about that video at
all so that is done I filmed a really
cool birthday video to go up on Sunday
even though filmed it even though it's
not my birthday but I've said in the
video guys it's not my birthday whilst
I'm filming this even though I'm
celebrating being 22 in the video I'm
not 22 yet whilst of it I dunno you guys
to get what I mean
anyways I've got a shoot tomorrow in
London
this really cool campaign about
confidence so I'm now off to London to
be able to wake up early tomorrow and
get a get to the studio or wherever I
think it's a studio I think of Sky
Studios have gone through tomorrow
morning and I've done leave some time to
be there something like 8 o'clock for
8:30 so the last thing I want to do is
come from right in the morning like half
past 5 or 6 a.m. so I just said please
can you put me a hotel in London and
then I could just stay as close by as
possible and then I could wake up as
late as possible and still make your
time oh my gosh I literally had and you
us haven't seen it because I didn't feel
much of it because I've been running
around but I've had the busiest day ever
and Zoe finished signing all of her book
things as well which is amazing I'm so
proud of that I honestly didn't think
she was gonna do it hits so many
designed for you guys so that is really
exciting everything's just bloomin
excited I just haven't been a blog any
of it I'll catch you when I get to like
that
my train is currently going about 4
miles per hour
I let you are then if you can see the
track like it is literally we're not
moving
that would be literally stood still open
and backwards that's good
as I said you guys earlier when I was in
Brighton station I didn't really get
much time to eat dinner because I was
just filming videos and stuff so I
literally ate like quarter of
achievement gaps ook re from white
mothers but Victoria Station is amazing
because the food place is staying so
late at night
hey learn so just arrived in my little
room it's kind of cute this place is
like on the River Edge down in Richmond
and it's kind of got like a really how
sea vibe like it's just tiny little room
it's cool
and it's got as the snacks although I
already bought loads of snacks myself
should not have got these but they were
too tempting the rest is all good
healthy healthy mango snacks sushi room
tour here we go in my little bathroom
over here hey yo no because I don't
actually have to be up tomorrow morning
until about half-past seven the time now
is quarter past twelve I don't need that
much sleep at all so I've just rung che
who lives pretty close to here I'm not
too far away so he's going to jump into
taxi now maybe with Sarah and Callum as
well and they're gonna come over we can
just have a couple of drinks in the bar
downstairs and chill and hang out that's
the one thing that I like whenever I
stay in London my hotel was always
fairly close to somebody I know so
whenever I arrive I can just hang out
with them and thought I do need to edit
the daily vlog I do need to do that for
tomorrow because tomorrow I've got a
super busy day and I probably won't have
time Shea came in Carolyn came came to
join me yeah
because I was at home in bed when I
luckily she was having a couple of
drinks nice and chilled and I'll
fortunately I'm gonna have to say
quietly because just the man couldn't
make any cocktails honks ah doesn't
matter we've gotten breakfast I've got
marks would be proud I've got a vodka
diamond soda soda water B and healthy I
mean kind of healthy why do I always do
this it is quarter to 3:00 in the
morning
oh gosh I shouldn't know what stayed on
this Lane I ought to be up in like four
hours or something something ridiculous
I will catch you in literally of
blumenau my room's freeze and I forgot
to turn the air con down I'll cash in a
few hours guys thank you so much with
the sport as usual I love you guys so
much
if you're excited for the new match and
you like the video get the video big old
thumbs up that's it isn't that mad fell
off we've got a super early start
tomorrow morning but it's gonna be a fun
day oh and it's Joe's book launch
tomorrow night so we're really really
fun day okay I catch you tomorrow
