good morning guys I don't know why it
gets more and more high-pitched
everything I'm gonna try and get out of
bed without you see me just in my box it
successful so so he has kindly made me
breakfast today even though she is the
poorly one which is very very lovely off
her she's just downstairs playing with
our little one most eaten breakfast hope
you're having a lovely day it is Sunday
for me so still the weekend which kind
of doesn't make a difference because I
just make more videos on the weekend
then I do on a weekday so in fact I'm
actually busier oh hello baby
oh my god hello
seven excited to see daddy come up here
no no come up here we're watching Vicar
of Dibley which we both love yeah there
we go
record ibly and this one is helping us
out aren't you
by sleeping on mummy we are signing or I
say we Zoe is signing and signing and
signing with these pages for you guys
and I'm moving every single one for her
she has your name wrong I have so is
literally signed order this it's just
like sometimes when your hand hurts or
you're thinking about something it kind
of comes out funny alright guys I am not
telling you and nothing not explaining
anything you guys are probably thinking
what is that but I'm not going to
explain it I tell you later on
Zoe is still signing and signing and
signing away I'm just having a snack now
she's literally like the time since I
don't okay you got a pizza but I've got
a taxi outside so need to be quick it is
10 minutes to 4:00 in this camera is
rubbish it's not even focusing on me
it's 10 minutes 4:00 in the afternoon
I've been filming that edson all day and
turning pages for Zoe
Zoe's litter ease that has actually been
on the floor all day just writing for
you guys like all day that's not just
one box there's a 10 trillion of them
signed absolutely Nia I've got to got to
London now I'll explain it was here on
the
the translation I wasn't gonna miss my
taxi goodbye miss you love you goodbye
but I just got to Bryan Station now I
think I've got about 11 minutes until my
train leaves forgot it's like midday
because I'm uploading three videos today
and wonders already gone like feel like
it's the evening but it's not it's only
four o'clock basically guys let me get
to get a lot explint in the second one
that you do okay it turns out because
it's Sunday the trains are a different
time got 25 minutes to my train which
means you've got enough time to go get
some food reduced shall I just get this
from the Train just me all of that okay
I'm going to some explaining to do and
I've got time to explain so basically as
you will have seen yesterday yesterday's
main Channel video I was wearing a
certain t-shirt that is going to be
coming out on Wednesday for you but as
you guys know I like to do things to
live with it a little bit differently I
like to do things I feel weird like
proper vlogging in public let me try and
stand to the side just a little bit more
to speed while I have a full-on
conversation not just a little blonde as
you guys know I like to do things a
little bit differently and a little bit
more fun as you as you will have seen
from previous merchandise when I've done
beanies post iPhone cases I like to do
things that are limited edition which
means that I buy a certain number I can
bulk in one go package bought a ton of
beanies and then once they're sold out
they're sold out forever
like never ever will they be sold again
so I'm doing this again with these
t-shirts as you can see you would have
seen it in yesterday's video and a
second ago when I was vlogging
I'm about to order a load in but not yet
I'm going to order a ton in in a few
days after Wednesday so basically
previously you guys have been crazy at
me for not giving you enough time so we
have to order one because they sold out
in like ten hours or something like that
with my beanies and I think it's just
sold out like so quickly so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to put up a
pre-order link on Wednesday where you
can preorder one of my t-shirts for 24
hours and because it's only pre-order I
haven't ordered them in yet which means
you're guaranteed one when they go for
sale properly for limited edition so
they're gonna go properly for sale I
believe on the 23 on the 25th on the
25th they're going on sale limited
edition once they're sold out that sold
out forever but just to guarantee you've
got one because I haven't ordered any
yet you can preorder one and Wednesday
am I making sense so if you preorder one
a Wednesday you don't need to order one
on the 25th and you've got one
guaranteed but on the 25th there's going
to be a certain number of so I'm just
gonna order a load in once they're sold
out they are sold out forever but if you
definitely want one preorder one on
Wednesday I think that's clear enough
I'm gonna get some food M&S didn't have
any food that I liked so I'm gonna go to
bagel man I'm still were like 19 minutes
and
Shelvin about silver like 19 minutes to
my chain I hope that clears things up
I'm so excited I'll show you that in
fact that's what I'm going to London
that's this sort meant to show you as
well I'm going to London now to go shoot
pictures for the website for when they
go on sale on Wednesday so I'm gonna
meet up with Sarah close I'm J I'm gonna
shoot pictures in London of me wearing
the t-shirt answer
I also feel my new main Channel video
about half an hour ago literally like
half an hour ago and I have an edit yeah
and it's got to be up in two hours hour
and a half or something and this train
journey is an hour so I'm gonna edit it
this chain journey try and get as much
time as I can or get all of it done if
possible and then edit it as soon as I
get to London I get Wi-Fi on my phone
share that my laptop or upload it as
soon as I get to chase I'm scared it may
be a little bit late but I'm doing
everything I possibly can to get it up
front I'm and take these photos of my
merchandise but I am like so excited
with the design I haven't really
properly shown you it you might have
seen yesterday's main kind of video
the design is sick I've been working
with such a good graphic designer
recently and I love his work so we've
been working together on this don't if
you can see it bye
I need you on the train eat my food and
get editing oh that's good no that's
writing it to the toilet that's not a
good space on that train journey I
managed to edit my entire new main
channel video which is amazing however
my phone internet was too slow to
actually get it off so is uploaded like
early 5% and I'm going to do the other
side just once to get to chase as soon
as I can
I'm gonna get the tube movie there's a
million times winning any taxi
yes just try to get out as quick as
possible
but as I told you earlier although I
don't if I actually fully told you
because I was rushing so much to get the
train and there's a million people
around me the reason why I'm in London
is book has changed him very very very
lovely and said that he's going to shoot
the pictures for the website for my new
merchandise for when they go on and say
with the t-shirts this one here and oh
yeah said I'll show you the design
properly let me put the t-shirt out one
sec the t-shirt looks like this it's
like speckled like little bits and
missing and stuff which I really really
like I think it's cool
I think it's cool bro I do see what if
you want one there nothing is line this
is the only one I've got literally the
only one it's mine now bro it's not
yours so mean of you Ivan a lot of my
iPhone cases they show that so quick I
didn't even get one I didn't my mom
ordered one and I didn't get one so Ivan
even got one of my own iPhone cases so
this seizure here is my one i lured you
on on wednesday preorder one okay
also i'm going to complain about
something right yes last time in your
video yeah you completely muted me out
and that is totally not all right now
you're gonna meet me out we just
uploaded I'm so tired
what's the plan what's the plan you know
so we're out shooting the pictures
Sara's just modeled it how did your
modeling go so get Jays Jays modeling
more than Sarah and I and he is not even
wearing any of the t-shirts is just
modern it Oh awesome just and boys
Callum saying oh is this that's what
we've been Wi-Fi and then and then it
had a little emoji Ness whose name and
I'm like mm Callie hasn't got an emoji
next to my name
weird right okay J look at imposing
EJ is obsessive snapchat and this
snapchat and the weirdest stuff offering
people millions of pounds right we've
done with the pictures
no can I show you so crazy before you do
this or how crazy is that you know what
I'm going to show them no the one before
yeah no the what is that what's this
what's this oh that's cold
I didn't know you could do that oh I
phone trick from Sarah yeah you know
that do you know about the police app
town thing because it's too if you've
got yeah yeah
which basically they charge you've only
got one so you've only got one hand and
you're like oh yeah yep
drag down twice on that there you go and
then you can get to the top pretty
easily it's so clean Facebook see if you
ever like an iPhone 6 plus and it's too
big like Zoe's hand is tiny
then you'd like well ask you got that
there we go
what we doing we going off for dinner
yeah I'm gonna work we're going you know
you always have to be the difficult one
okay oh my god the Breakfast Club
do you have one near here oh hello we're
just walking by Stan's little shop when
we were talking about Jim's new staff
and there Jim's pencil case known of his
staff would be very sophisticated we've
come out for dinner
we've come to a is it like a bar place
they do we've got all the pork bun
with poutine as a side chayo did poop
orphanage coffee J and we've even gone
ago gonna got a bottle of red wine
between us three how romantic is that
cheers boy
the food has arrived I got a pulled pork
bun
that's delicious trade got some onion no
one else likes these except from you so
you've got a lot to eat man and Sarah's
gone for the veggie option mac and
cheese the edge you look really good
prepare before and then look at this
this looks amazing
thank you so much
but haven't I believe in him alright
guys I've just got to Victoria
transition I was looking for my camera I
checked my pocket at my mobile had my
wallet and I was aware of is my vlogging
camera in my hand just got to the
station now about hip at home successful
time taking pictures successful dinner
successful uploading on my main channel
video everything is looking good I'm
just hoping that there's a train because
it's a Sunday I don't know when the last
train is might have already missed there
I really really hope my happen
I want to get back as quick as I
possibly can so the quickest ways to get
the train to Gatwick there is a train to
Brighton right now as well but I'm going
to get the train to Gatwick which takes
half an hour then I'm going to jump in a
taxi from Gatwick which takes 25 minutes
to get back to Brighton but we're more
expensive but I really really want to
get back because I've barely seen a Zoe
like properly today she's just been
working all day off from working all day
so I want to spend some time with her as
much as I can before Monday begins which
again it's just working so the turn to
white takes an hour and a half this way
should save me half an hour hopefully
also just edited all the pictures that
chain Sarah and I took her leave on
there looking sick and I've just made a
new Instagram account to just jog the
epic pasture I've just made the new my
hat just made the new Instagram account
guys so that you guys you wanna know a
lot about merge Airport a way out also
just made the you guys that want to know
and eat your about merchandise you can
go follow that it's called I leave a
link to it down below
and I'm gonna give updates from there
and links and stuff like that to
merchandise before anywhere else or the
hell literally in the airport I didn't
know I was actually going to come out
into the airport okay it should be quite
easy to get a taxi taxis all right guys
all tucked up into bed you probably
can't see anything because it is pitch
black at the time it's at half past 11 I
got back super quick his wife gained and
trained and then a taxi it was like 40
minutes quicker which was good I had
such a fun day and I'm having so much
fun watching online you guys are going
crazy about me wearing my new merch in
my video and then also the Instagram
account you guys are going crazy about
it is so much fun so thank you so much
with the support I can't wait for you
guys to be able to pre-order on
Wednesdays gonna be so excited and I'll
catch you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it check out my new game of the
up yesterday I'm only mentioning video
up yesterday and yesterday stated up so
many videos by the way I'm whispering
because always literally asleep next to
me I'll catch you tomorrow good night
