good morning guys
how are you doing you get this alright
alright Zoe's answering me when I'm
talking to you guys how are you doing
you having a lovely I know you're good
I'm speaking to these guys you having a
good day I know she's just gonna say
something stupid in a minute
anyways guys I am about to edit the
daily vlog the time is 9:40 although I
went to bed last night at 3 a.m. I woke
up this morning a hot pasta I had the
worst night's sleep ever last night I
decided to let night asleep in the bed
which was a stupid decision because
sometimes she's just like also like
she's so quiet and just sleeps in his
car last night she wanted to sleep on me
the entire night not next to me just on
me and it was so hot and she was licking
her paws in his lap I don't know it just
wasn't a good night's sleep and the
window was open and I didn't realize
news blowing open and closed the doors
and basically it wasn't a good night's
sleep but anyways today it's going to be
a super good fun awesome day we're
kicking it off in 50 minutes we have to
leave to go to Amelia Sakuni Jolie's
birthday party which I'm super excited
about which doesn't mean that I need to
breath but but but pasta breakfast fast
I'm eating yet today also need to jump
in the shower
and I'm gonna try and edit yesterday's
Daily Bell before we go probably not the
most realistic thing to try and do but
I'm gonna try nevertheless I all dressed
and up now all good and today I've
remembered if it were a surgeon I've got
so so bad recently remembering to keep
my braces in during the day
these are Amelia's presents down here
all lovely wrapped and everything with a
little card all looking good look at all
of this looks amazing
so Zoe's in the car now I've just
realised how much black I'm wearing
today I was just putting on my shoes and
I what kind of shoes should I wear and
then I realize that I come way
I wasn't going to stand out so much I've
literally got all black on oh well I'm
gonna take my laptop so I can edit the
daily vlog in the car this morning I had
to said a gaming video whilst in bed got
my sunglasses laptop
Amelia's presence we're ready to go to
the party are you ready are you ready to
go and party let's go let's see what
immediate things are present ice cream
like make it look pretty but it's not
very practical is it a dog Wow
but go yeah going to town on this rock
all the food in looks and these are lit
to my favorite kind of sandwich is just
like finger sandwiches like this is
wrong and over here as well at the table
look at the cake so amazing so Jim and
Tanya on their honeymoon so Dom is
looking after their their little dog
mark that all of my comments all of my
comments means I please meet Martha
please meet Martha they weren't Nala
Massa to me
yeah we didn't bring Nala with us but
we've met Martha hello gorgeous
she's so much smaller in real life than
what you'd think she's tiny
so you guys we have a little doggie she
must be about 20 years
hey Martha
she's long oh my god she's the cutest
thing I've ever seen apart from Nana
she's so long that's one way to bow down
she didn't want the wedding cake the
joint immediate wardo Edward are you
enjoying that
yeah guys she's falling asleep
she's episode 2 you she's having cuddles
of Zoey I'm falling asleep you know
they're segways Jonathan's got a brand
new one this is your last year this is
where it's at
you gotta get to keep calm down and he's
the Cinderella and the Aurora Belle and
the princess are you serious you didn't
know Jonathan tangled oh yeah tangoed
that's your money's worth we've left the
Ciccone Jolie loeli loeli and drew on
the car we were on the carbon on the cob
we in the car on the way home I'm just
editing the new daily vlog just saving
it oh and it is done it's not live but
it is done the time is quarter to 4:00
and so we should be home fairly soon not
too much longer we've been driving for a
little bit now Zoe's putting up the car
with petrol Liam and then
I just remember that you're not meant to
film at petrol stations on cameras
because something's real that sparks
think of birth defects inspection I'm
just a blooming risk-taker on I the
petrol station could blow up any second
I didn't assess help in do you know what
you wanna know cement nut day you're not
supposed to be vlogging I'm crazy on I
chew me to pay for it or do you want to
pay for it do you wanna go in and do it
that's all I just meant my card alright
I'll pay for it and all good people we
think she's gonna think we're gonna run
away can you grab me a Krispy crap I go
on my wallet oh do they do Krispy Kreme
here well then that calls for one thing
one thing only
donut well yeah that's what Krispy Kreme
is did you get me a glazed listen can I
have like a cute one like a nice like
surprise me with that this aura means
come on gorgeous because we've just put
petrol in means I'm gonna have take the
braces out to eat my donut you're gonna
think we're gonna drive off cheese your
time off triple black monkey dare you
done my blog as well let's go you boys
right let's go get some know
let's hopefully not blow up I'm being a
nut I'm vlogging on the core I'm
probably gonna get Zoey scared Zoey no
I'm getting told off call myself a
fitness magazine to inspire me all right
which ones are the best is always just
you wanted one pretty one and one normal
one do there any little boxes no they
don't all right let's get three boxes
three assorted three-ring boxes are
sorted and sorted oh nice little box
here we go I'm gonna get hope to avoid
sticky fingers here we go I'm gonna get
one of these for me these are my
favorite ones Oh get out yeah another
one of them for Zoey
and then one cool one she said sobering
cream chocolate sprinkles cookie crunch
cookie crunch sounds pretty good
chocolate dream cake
or that one looks amazing well I think
we should go cookie crunch let's see if
Zoey's happy with my choices right what
ones did you want
the one in the middle surprise yeah I've
been back home for like a couple of
hours I've got my daily vlog and I've
just edited another gaming video my
gaming videos are looking philomene good
guys working my butt off on those
they're looking awesome and I've now
just said to my sister and Shawn that
that I will go to also show them a
little bit disorientated I need to get
ready I said that I'll go to the park
and work out with them to go to those
bars hopefully they're gonna be free
they probably won't be I bet they're
gonna be busy so I need my little tripod
thing to film some stuff all she's
ringing me not ready yet hello that's no
problem it's perfect see them go outside
in five minutes okay so I got my phone
wallet hat because all my hair goes all
over the place don't need sunglasses
this and that is all good all I need to
do now is go buy some gym clothes and
I've got five minutes
perfect timing perfect perfect time and
now she is never laid anymore but we
just got to the park guys it is blooming
freezing because I purposely came once
the Sun has set because you know I came
the other day and it was like 10 million
degrees and I just died because it was
so hot
Sean's got the knee up go let go of your
hands go on just a one clap leg hug that
all right these guys are distracting me
on the bars so I've said I'm not gonna
go that's all probably wants to go for a
run
I don't do running I don't really do any
cardio so until papi does one dip one
here I said we're not gonna move on do
you know a doofus I'll just become a man
today no it's like this and then there
and they're not you have to one of them
okay you got it what you hope you're
still on the floor push up yeah now go
down and now up come on you got this
right down slowly and that back up what
we just shrugged God Sean your turn
yeah now uh now up going up Oh going you
got it yeah okay I got a good one I
think pop you will be able to do oh my
gosh
alright hold this to set but you have to
do ten of these okay I can't see ten of
these this isn't going to be hard like
this yeah oh my legs out yeah
now one come on
what going to got this Bobby you got
this what you just don't want to come on
there is no poppy over there
there is nothing Bobby get down nine
more going you nailed that first one
go on straight legs straight legs go two
three what do you mean it's not right
it's just you can't do it right go for a
jog go go jog in
one two night went wrong no no don't
that would really really be bad out that
Alfie do you know how close your face
was to the ground then that's not even
funny way be careful
I'll seriously alright we've done about
ten minutes working out guys and I can
be done a little bit more than that is
this my phone what we plan to do now
guys cuz Nando's is just down the road
we'll go all medieval over we're gonna
jog to Nando's and get a chicken salad
you ready do I need a job
Sean's jogging already he's gone we went
to Nando's in the end and there was so
delicious and I met so many of you guys
after gonna Nando's I came back home I
went upstairs to go check out so it was
not just silent media to give you a
cuddle I literally just fell asleep
until now like I've just woken up well
not on the bed the room like an absolute
sauna like so hot and so confused like
fully dressed in bed I'm so tired
it's a hot bus 1:00 in the morning I
think because last night I only got five
hours sleep I thought I was fine I
thought it was all good and then it just
hit me so hard as soon as I go back
Nando's just fell asleep until now I
really feel like I should wake up now
and film some gaming videos but it's
already hot past 1:00 in the morning and
now that just be stupid except to be up
early tomorrow to film and edit my new
video she's going on the same day as
this for you guys from Sunday which I
know what it's gonna be and I'm super I
can tell you what he is actually because
I would go same kind of time so you know
what those clips that I found and I was
asking you guys why I should do with
them I didn't I didn't find that my dad
found
all the ones from my old camera when I
first I didn't vlog in I thought I would
compile a video for you and just edit
together some embarrassing moments from
those videos I thought that is the best
way to do it
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
film a little snippet telling you guys
that haven't seen these videos what they
are that they're really old clips snap
and then I'm just gonna roll it and then
I'm literally just gonna go back to back
back to back embarrassing old clips that
and these are like so embarrassing
they're not just like old me looking
young and then being normal like I don't
think I smile in any of the videos I
don't know why but when I used to vlog I
did - you sing like this hi guys um yeah
today I'm like I don't know either
I don't know you'll see and you guys I
leave a link to it down below because
I'm sure it will be done by now by the
time you're watching this and yeah go
show it some love if you guys like I
might do a part two and put it up on
this channel just as like a next little
video in the part 3 there is so much
there's like three hours of footage I've
got or something so I want to make that
into like a little series and edit all
of those moments into some stupid funny
videos for you guys for you guys to
enjoy damn I'm so tired but yeah it's
gonna be good
it's gonna be so embarrassing not like
when people say our Barisan old videos
that's nothing compared to what this is
this is literally the most embarrassing
things in the entire world like I don't
even know you'll have to watch it to see
like me literally doing dance routines
in my front room dance routines I'm
gonna go to bed because I'm flaking and
I'm so tired and I didn't even know I
didn't even open my new magazine that I
bought I don't even done anything since
I got back and didn't even eat my carrot
cake I bought a carrot cake at Nando's
all right Nana's we had chicken salads
and then I also got a carrot cake and I
was at home and then smash that when I
got home I love their carrot cake put it
on the side in the kitchen when up
cioseiy was fun
sleep just woken up karacake still on
the side thank you so much for watching
all the way to the end remember new
merchandise is should I tell you when
let's just say this week okay
there's new merchandise this week I'm
not going to tell you what it is or how
wood designs all I said that I'll give
you a snippet of it today I said I'd
show you a snippet it is far too late
guys I don't even know where it is to be
honest I think it's in the other room
somewhere I will show you a snippet
probably tomorrow or the day after but
it is going up just say this week this
week for those of you wondering
merchandise at some point this week I do
have a day at a time and everything but
I'm not gonna tell you that yet you'll
have to wait and find out I hope you're
as excited as I am
this piece of merchandise is something
that you guys have asked me to do since
I literally started YouTube and I have
never done it like this is a must-have
staple and I'm finally doing it I don't
know anyways I'm gonna go see you now
guys thank you so much for this for give
the video a big thumbs up if you're
excited for merch and if you enjoyed the
video and just if you're feeling nice if
you're feeling like a lovely person give
the video a big old thumbs up let's see
how many we can get you guys have been
killing the likes recently you guys have
been absolutely smashing it my daily
vlogs have been doing super well with
WoW are now on at blue with likes
recently look at my hair it's all over
the place of literally just woken up
I'll catch you tomorrow I'm rambling and
I need to go back to sleep I'll catch
you tomorrow tomorrow good night
