good morning guys how you doin I have
been such a good morning today have been
super super productive I've just tidied
all of my little home office it is all
clear now this was just full of rubbish
I've had a super productive morning
although it did have a nice lie in
because last night at the end of
yesterday sadiebug is you saw I was
filming gaming videos until like 3:00
a.m. so I didn't actually wake up today
until about half-past ten which is a big
line for me normally I wake up at like 8
o'clock I having a breakfast yet I'm
about to breakfast look at my new laptop
thing mine that took looks like it's off
but it's not but it's off but it's not
so put this thing on it yesterday which
basically means that if you were to the
side of my laptop you can't see my
screen it just goes pitch black view
it's like a little sticker thing that I
put on the screen it's so called and it
means that when I'm editing daily vlogs
in public nobody's sitting out why is
that kid in video of himself talking to
the camera what a weirdo which happens a
lot on the train happens a lot I've just
made breakfast which looks like the
least appetizing thing in the entire
world I basically just made really
really good like musi stuff which I love
and then I threw in a ton of China seeds
I believe they are which meant it just
be really good yay I don't quite know
just poured on tons of them so I'm going
to eat that up but a green tea I'm gonna
edit my daily vlog now let's just feel
kid you know I feel productive I haven't
got anything to do until 2 o'clock and
their time is going 10 minutes past
12:00 so I've got 2 hours more or less
to get stuff done get a lot done just
got home from my meeting now guys
Zoey you're still in the meeting oh
don't be doing that that's naughty
Syd I know you're excited I know you are
just looking for mommy Oh No oh my gosh
someone is it sighted hello baby
right I've just been locked out of the
house for like half an hour maybe that's
bit of exaggeration
maybe like 15 minutes and he's five
minutes across poor you're gonna come in
here and work with Daddy it's five
minutes past 4:00
I need to edit my daily vlog I also
haven't eaten anything really today
because my cereal ended up like this
it's soaked up all the milk have been
like one minute and then just turned
into like some solid knowledge you need
the toilet and then turn into like some
solid lump I don't want to be in a solid
lump cereal so I didn't need to
so whilst I was locked outside because I
mean I work in a meeting together so I'm
rambling away I'm just excited to be
home and inside one minute let's get you
outside for a toilet good girl so Zoe no
basically just in the meeting together
now I got a taxi back from the meeting
we drove there together and I left my
keys here and Zoe knew I did and then I
just for some reason I just left without
taking Zoe's keys and I got back from
the taxi went to open the front door and
I was like I don't have any keys
narang Zoe and she was like yeah no I've
got them and I know you've got them cuz
I'm locked outside so we just had an
absolute ordeal for me to have to get
them back but anyway Zoe is at the
meeting I am back home now I've got come
on
hurry up now like quickly I've got like
literally an hour to get my video edited
uploaded and processed on YouTube but
hopefully I'll be able to do it I've
just been having some super exciting
emails about future merchandise things
that I'm going to be able to tell you so
soon that are coming out and show you
and I'm so excited like so so excited I
just I want to show you everything now I
want to show you everything come on
Darla she's taking a long time to go to
the toilet so what I did do whilst I was
locked outside is I ordered myself a
delivery I just ordered myself some food
from a restaurant called Carluccio's in
Brighton which is absolutely delicious I
ordered a lasagna and then a tomato and
buffalo mozzarella salad both are just
going to be amazing so that it's going
to be my internal knock on door with one
hand
so that is gonna be my do you want some
let me see if you've already had it or
not huh yeah it's that one is that way
of running on your circ goes do you once
that do some dinner she gets so excited
let's save a little bit for later on
just put my 360 video life as well as my
daily vlog I'm so excited you guys I
love it
the 361 it's doing so much better than
any of my blogs do so thank you so much
for the support on that why have you
just got a random massive knife on the
table ah Zoey has been spending the last
10 million days signing and signing and
signing books for you guys and so much
so that is literally just got her run
down and now really poorly no I'm
stuffing now your snotty and poorly
that's so nice very good
you got broken listen Oh Taylor hello
Taylor hello
is it charging okay I'm just gonna leave
it what it went from one percent charge
to 10 percent in like one second oh yeah
right down there no what's the matter
gnarly looking after mommy while she's
poorly down ah good dogs catch cold off
humans mmm no don't things they would if
they could chip in she knows her poorly
I was your distinct affair earlier it's
okay so do I don't know I'm getting like
progressively worse as the day goes on
like me she's lying down like a little
toy you're going so curly do you think
she thinks you're upset you are so
normal is OE where she joins in does she
join in does she start doing it back
Oh talking dog eh she's just so like
that's her favorite game her favorite
game guys is this move your hands and
then she tries to put her paws on your
hands now that she does this I just
finished filming a new gaming video and
I've had some dinner and stuff and I'm
now doing a you now which is a live chat
with you guys and I'm on video if you
don't know what you now is and this is
what it looks like there is me live on
the screen hello and here is the chap
this is you guys type in there we go
that's the chat everyone saying hi
everyone saying hello
so the other day whilst I was at my
family house right let me put you down
also I explained this the other day I
was at my family house and my I was
going through my dad's computer helping
him update something or a comment was I
think I was like fixing his iTunes or
something and he was like Alfie what do
you want me to do all these old videos
that I got join me to keep them told me
to delete them they're just taking up a
ton of storage and I was like I
literally don't know what old videos you
mean that like baby videos and somebody
doesn't know know like videos when you
first started YouTube on your old flip
camera user I've got a fire or there's
massive called Alfie's flip video
so I put them on an SD card they're not
in the right format they're currently in
Windows Movie Maker format or WMV or
something like that I don't know you
can't open them on a on a Mac so I'm
just getting a converter now these were
literally my very first youtube videos
but not edited like the actual war
footage they're gonna be the worst
things in the world like so is so
embarrassing I don't even know one I
don't even know if I'm gonna do this I
feel like I'm gonna convert them be so
embarrassed and just not gonna want to
put them online comment down below I
won't watch them yet comment down below
what you want me to do with these videos
they're going to be super embarrassing I
can show you little snippets of what
they're like if you look at the screen
here these are how old I am
look I'm at the beach with somebody I
don't even know who that is
look at me there oh my gosh what are
these videos look at che oh my god
that's che look at him oh nice bitch
you're up these are gonna Oh Todd I love
Todd summer in the city oh my god there
is so did you see changes then I saw all
I've done this evening it's just film
film film film and film but it's good
because it means that you guys are gonna
be getting lots of new videos which is
nice really really nice and because I
haven't uploaded it in quite a lot as
you guys know my gaming channel so I
feel it's good to finally what I say
finally be uploading again I have an
itch pit anything like I don't know when
I'm gonna put them live because I want
to film like I don't know maybe like
eight or ten or something like that
before I put any of them like just to
make sure that I don't do like one or
two I want to stay up to date that is
the aim I'm about to go to bed now so I
probably should end the vlog down here
because Owen are both asleep upstairs
I'm also pretty wide awake this is the
issue when I film the best time for me
to film gave me videos is at nighttime
because
everyone is like I sleep in that or I
say everyone in half love enol or asleep
in the house and there's nobody else
here because whenever gave me videos
obviously I'm very loud sometimes I
shout some scary game videos make me
scream and stuff like that and I don't
really like to bother everybody else in
the house so I filmed them at night
which leaves me being wide awake because
I love playing these games so much that
I'm so energized and then I stop playing
that right now and I stop enters in a
video and it's time we go to bed it's a
half past two and I'm wide awake which
is annoying but oh well I've got lots of
new videos done which is good I'm gonna
end the video down here as I said
because those two are asleep upstairs
and I don't want end up waking them up I
love these lights I've used them in ages
what Zoe got me for my birthday I
believe PB lights the pointlessblog
tomorrow is Amelia saucony Charlie's
birthday party which I'm going to with
so II and obviously them and the family
and everything so that's gonna be really
really really cool we've got some
awesome presents and yeah I'll catch you
tomorrow thank you so much for the
support and love the 360 video is going
down crazy well loads of you stuck
around to the end of yesterday's video
to find out that very very soon I'm
releasing new merchandise I might show
you in tomorrow's video a sneak peek of
the new merchandise how does that sound
I'm not going to show you a lot I will
just show a little snippet of it okay
yeah I will catch you tomorrow I love
you guys so much
good give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
