morning guys so I'm in town at the
moment just had a meeting at the bank
super super quick have really very well
for once actually went well and now I'm
just going to W at Smith whilst I'm here
I just ordered a juice as well to be
made but whilst has we made I think
Joe's book comes out today so I want to
try and find it I think it's today don't
know where it would be oh here it is
yes that is so insane look at this guy's
this whole section is just crazy
except for my books know that what some
use book marks just but Tonya's just a
bitch me thanks so much thank you
now although Joe comes over all the time
I haven't actually had a chance to look
at the book properly yet I haven't seen
one I lived with Joe's sister and I
still haven't formally seen a copy of
this yet so I know we've got one of Ivan
at the house today which is Oh II
ordered but I haven't ordered one myself
or got one yet I think I genuinely might
have been the first person in Brighton
to get one of these says it's the
collector's edition as well I don't know
what that means but there we go I'm a
collector I'm a Joe sugg collector just
bought some new underwear very very
interesting
if you're wondering what some new boxes
and then I also just got Zoe and I two
seats because we've got a meeting
pulling them super healthy we've got a
meeting at 10 o'clock which is in
something like five minutes so I've got
John the taxi home now but I just call
myself an energizing boost drink
something and then they got her a berry
boost drink and she really really likes
every day sunglasses
I had two and now I haven't got any so
whenever I come out I'm like in all my
videos I'm back home now and we've just
finished up a meeting
very nice it is now one o'clock but it
is a lovely lovely day outside I'm just
cooking some chicken cooking some
chicken up got my mando sauce on there
this looks so delicious
I bought these little things the other
day which is like whole grain rice
because I might be eating a ton of rice
at the moment not literally a ton that
would be a lot but lots of icing Raven
and this stuff one person and is ready
in one minute
I don't know how good actually is for me
but it's whole grain and its parent
takes a lot less time and cooking normal
rice
I just skated down to the local little
park actually this is definitely not a
little part this is a massive part
called home park it goes like as far as
you can possibly see in each lecture but
I want to have a little mess around on
these things to get in the bars there's
another bar over there that I won't have
to try and just got all my little stuff
down here just gonna have a little
workout Network out
then guys I am absolutely knackered the
Sun also found my sunglasses if you
haven't already noticed earlier on in
today's video I was complaining saying
I've lost my sunglasses found them
I am knackered working out as hard
working at bars is extremely hot and
tiring and then working out on the bars
in the Sun so next level guys it is so
hot and there was a Nando's like
literally at the end of this park just
like a three minute walk a two minute
skate and I'm so tempted to go and get a
Nando's I need a cold drink why did I
ever think it'd be good idea to skate
here get in here is all downhill I was
literally just skating for like 10
minutes non-stop downhill absolutely
love death get him back it's gonna be
the worst thing ever and now I've got to
carry my skateboard back not even just
walk back I didn't want complaining it's
such a lovely day I think it's come so
hot and thirsty and tired and I really
want to Nando's but I should go back and
film videos did I get a Nando's did I
not get Hernando's did I did I not that
is the question I'm home now it was too
tempting not to
it was very way to attempt it but I got
healthy as per usual I got here quinoa
salad with avocado and halloumi I'm so
excited by the avocado and halloumi and
then in this other bag oh sorry Nala
knowledge sniffing the Nando's she loves
it look at her well now she's sniffing
the carpet I also got oh here's my
halloumi here and then I got spicy rice
and then I got extra butterfly chicken
an extra chicken because muscles you
know grown protein and then I got lemon
herb chicken that comes with the salad
there laughs oh I got some very very
chips
now chips usually wouldn't be the best
thing and rice wouldn't either for
somebody who's on like a diet or eating
healthy or something like that but
because I am naturally quite skinny and
I can't cut I find it so harder than if
I told you guys to put on weight before
like I eat anything and everything and
loads of food and it's so hard for me
and obviously my complaining like isn't
suppose is a negative like it's not
I don't know I'm high metabolism which
means yes it's good like I'm skinny but
that doesn't mean healthy remember guys
skinny in life does not mean healthy
somebody who's skinny could be very very
unhealthy and I'm trying to be healthy
at the moment but what I am saying is
that to be muscular like I want to be
you miss me
to me muscley like I want to be is super
hard for me because I just don't put on
any weight like I could eat a million
chickens and rice and carbohydrates and
protein and salads and everything that
would make me muscle a and I just don't
put on as much muscle not only just
wants to play so bad look at that look
how big and good my lunch looks this
just looks amazing
loads of chicken oh my gosh I'm never
gonna be able to eat all of this you
gonna help me hey yeah yeah yes yes oh
yes
guys having a nap that's not a good idea
I've just woken up and I feel so
confused and I don't even know I have no
idea what the time is can we actually
check the time zone
six minutes to nine last time I filmed I
swear it was like six you know is six
man I've had luck it two and a half hour
nap shouldn't have done that I need to
film gaming videos need to film gaming
video I believe had a shower yet since I
got that I had the biggest lunch in the
world and fell asleep right I'm gonna
get up yeah give you a massage and then
I'm gonna jump in the shower have a
green tea yeah I'm gonna money to work
late tonight I got so much filming to do
so you know the 360 video that was
shooting the other day with Louie in
London he's just sent it over to me now
and it looks awesome
so I'm uploading it right now just make
the thumbnail and it's processing at the
moment I'm so excited it is hopefully
getting up the same day as this video
that you're watching now so I'll leave a
link to it down below it's going to be
called crazy 360 video and it's
basically like a sit-down advice video
that's basically why you're watching it
if you want your on an iPhone you cannot
move the iPhone and look around me or if
you're on a computer you can press that
the arrows and that you can look but you
have to go and see it and experience it
it is like a whole new world like insane
something that I wanted to show you guys
that I bought the other day is this it's
I haven't tried it yet so I don't
actually know if it's any good I think
it is like 20 pounds and it's basically
it's like you put it on your laptop ten
if you can see you put it on your laptop
screen I'm going to try it now and it
means that if people were looking at
your because often when I'm on the train
editing videos everyone around me it's
just staring at my screen because
they're like why is this weird kid
sitting there editing like videos of
himself
I've got agario up on the screen but I
just put the thing on I don't know if
you guys can see it I don't know it
looks completely normal to me it looks a
little there we go looks normal and then
you turn and nobody can see
but do you see how it goes dark I don't
know the cameras the cameras not really
doing it as well as it does in person
but if I turn to the side now it is so
much hard to see the screen I don't know
it's cold it works which is good I have
no idea what this is whenever I build
things like furniture or putting little
things together like this I'm always
left with one or two parts that I don't
know what they are like what the hell is
this it's not literally is not in the
instructions but anyway so I'm gonna
come some new gaming videos now leave a
comment down below if there's any given
videos that you want me to play I always
say this but I say often because
obviously there are new games out often
so I think I'm gonna play some agario
now maybe a bit of a kanita no just
gonna see what happens see what it ended
up playing so if you're watching on a
computer it looks like this and then you
can drag around look up and down and you
can just look anywhere you want the
entire video so that's me sitting on the
wall that's the sky and we do an audio
it's crazy I'm controlling this spinning
around now so that video will be up
probably around the time you're watching
this if you're watching this it is most
likely already up I will leave a link to
it down below I'm so excited for you
guys to see that it's a 360 video that
is just insane
I'm so tired guys oh man oh god I even
had this I think probably Shawn got me
this for like Christmas or something I
should make this for like a gaming video
or in a vlog let me know if you'd like
me to make this I'm super excited I'm in
such a good mood because I thought if I
should tell the vlog or not or that I've
already tweeted about death basically
guys I'm gonna tell you if you've
watched all the way to the end of the
blog you have to keep it between us this
is our little secret
don't tell anybody else online only to
the people that stick around to the end
of the video
very very very very very soon there is
new merchandise coming out that's all
I'm saying
I believe in it there for now not
telling you what it is you guys can
speculate away in the compact you know
don't it's a secret
don't tell anybody but yes there's
anything in particular that you want me
to do for merchandise I know I've said
this before but leave it down in the
comments down below because I am
literally working with like a really
awesome designer like the best designer
ever worked with before and that's a big
statement he is like so awesome so he
can do he can do some crazy crazy stuff
so if there's anything in particular
that you'd like me to do for merchandise
let me know in the comments I've got
some awesome stuff planned like things
that you would never even be able to
elect I don't know it's going to be sick
it's going to be so cool I've got some
sick stuff coming out I promise you you
guys are hopefully gonna love the stuff
that I've been planning been planning it
for a while now but just been keeping it
on the down-low
but um yes coming up soon that's what
I'm going to tell you for now I'm gonna
end the blog thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed the video give
it a big old thumbs up I will catch you
tomorrow I hope you also enjoyed the 360
video I know I'm going on about it a lot
but it is filmed with four cameras two
separate audios
it is film like Louie yet to edit it
took him eight hours to export the video
just to save the video took eight hours
so a lot of work has gone into it I just
think it's cool and yet
I leave you to that I am gonna go to
sleep I'll catch you tomorrow I catch
you technically today Charlie Huff lost
- I need shut up good sleep good
