hey guys today I've got a little bit of
a different kind of video as you can
tell I am out and about and I've got my
friend Louie over there in front of me
and basically this video is a 360 video
which means depending on what device
you're watching on if you're on an
iPhone you can either like turn the
phone or push your finger on the screen
if you're on a desktop device on a
laptop and you can click the arrows in
that one of the corners or something and
it likes spins around the video and you
can see 360 of everywhere I am hopefully
you found my friend Louie hello it's so
weird this kind of videos so called
Louie's got like a crazy camera setup
that can do this thing and today we just
want to do videos so what do we do lucky
you go to it yeah so like a year ago we
decided I think I was visiting Alfie and
we're like let's just do sit down one
take video no cuts no edits just giving
you guys a bit of advice like and when
we don't know everything in the world
but we probably know some interesting
maybe some things hopefully that you
guys can take from something we'd say
and that was like a year ago wasn't it
yeah and you guys seem to love it and
that was on making friends and peer
pressure so we left the end of the video
so asking you guys to tell us and let us
know any topics that we didn't bring up
the you guys might like us to cover
we've just tweeted last night asking for
further topics that you may like us to
cover cover cover and yeah we're just
going to roll with one of them which is
being an individual I think that was one
of the most interesting ones that was
brought up have a look around whilst we
chatted don't just watch me going look
at this look at this no what is that
that's like River gunk no how did you
get that through this all over my shoes
I climbed down there we're trying to
find a good spot to the film this and I
like walked along there's like maybe we
could film with that like course you can
and still I got gunk all over my
trousers so we're filming a 360 video
okay so hug these guys they'd say oh
it's the camera oh no hey hey nice to
meet ya ha ha ha ok
let me take it oh yeah there we go
second baby I scored you on video yeah
no no worries
this is 360s you're in it now they can
see you - see you later - hell
anyways blowing an individual let's go
with it um so where do we want to start
I mean I thought this is a cool subject
to talk about because often we we come
under the pressure in society to fit in
and especially at school a lot of you
guys probably still at school or college
and I'm guessing you have this pressure
that all of us have to like to fit into
the mold that society tells us to fit in
whether it's like what clothes to wear a
mitten I'm just setting a timer what
music to listen to and oh man I cover
the mug and I just wanted to share for
me I think realizing and coming to the
understanding that we aren't all the
same we're not all robots that fit into
this perfect mold that we often try and
strive to be accepted and fit into we're
all individuals and I just wanted to
encourage you guys to embrace that
basically yeah I think the app needs
that same nothing we're not all designed
or made or like to want to do or be the
same thing that is okay it's okay to
want to do something that your best
friend might not like to do or eat or
wear or
I don't know it's okay to do whatever
you want to do yourself like you're
living your life for yourself
like obviously you want to please other
people and like ones that you love
around you but the end of the day your
life is yours
yeah and there's a difference between
like obviously you like to say you you
obviously take other people into account
and you don't want to you know going to
do anything that other people won't like
yeah and doing for the sake of doing it
but if it's gonna please you and
yourself like for example like coming
out or something like that somebody who
comes out if somebody doesn't like it
around them then that's cool they don't
need to be like in their life yeah like
but it's embracing who you are and
you've got to be yourself and what what
I've realized as well being a bit older
is once you've left school and stuff a
lot of people go through this phase of
like discovering who they are and I
think the reason why that is is because
you have a lot more space and you you
can go out and do things and you're not
basically trying to fit into a box
everyone around you like you can do what
you want to do when you want to do and
and when you're in that freedom you
suddenly like oh wow maybe I'm not the
person that I've been trying to be and
trying to fit in with a crowd do this
and that and you see that you see a lot
of the people that are very like fit the
mold like like the popular kids and then
as soon as I go traveling they come back
and they're like I am then like nicest
than like I've changed so much and it's
like they've found themselves and they
realize that they don't have to fit into
what society thinks is the norm or what
it should be or what's attractive or I
guess what I'd say if I've got one bit
of advice is like don't wait
to find who you are don't waste years of
your life just trying to be the same as
everyone else and and trying to do the
popular things if you know deep down
that you love something and you want to
and you know deep down oh this is who I
really am and this is a part of me that
you can't deny don't deny it
you know don't ya don't hold back
because you're scared and and this is
something my mom said well through an
holiday she was like really scared of
going on this horse we were in Egypt and
we're going on this course ride she's
terrified
and she still got bit quite well for
sure hair but her head fell no it's cool
hey that's all that scary horses can be
scary but the point is instead of just
saying you know being like okay when I
get over my fear I'm gonna do it she
still was afraid and she still you know
maybe I encouraged her to do it maybe
picked up and put her on yeah so she she
was still afraid whilst doing it and she
found it scary but I think that's a part
of facing our fears it you don't wait
til you not scared to do something you
can do stuff and be scared of doing n
coming back to the point is like
stepping out and being an individual is
scary it can be scary you're scared what
people think what they do but the reward
is so much bigger because you actually
discover who you are you feel this
incredible freedom and like alpha I'm
saying like online when you see other
like youtubers that have come out and
and you know with their sexuality it's
you can visibly see this emotional
response of them feeling this freedom
and explaining how amazing it looks like
I've watched people come out online and
then their videos following them coming
out you just see they're a happier
person I'm like wow like and like you're
literally like now you now you're
yourself it doesn't need to be like it's
not just sexuality it might be like it
might be other things that you're you're
not telling people and then just
following a passion that let people
object but other people don't think it's
cool like I speak deliver yesterday and
I didn't get bullied for this after
but like I did gymnastics for six years
when I was young going like boys
stereotypically don't do gymnastics
things like that Liat Allegro yeah I
wore rock that leotard what I did I
think for me when I was like at school I
definitely think I embraced being an
individual and you I guess you there is
that risk of being teased or whatever
but if you can push through that be like
oh I actually don't care
basically I guess this is the decision
you have to make it yet do you want to
live to please other people even if it's
denying who you really truly believe you
are the passions you have or do you want
to pursue their passions your art you
haven't know who you are and and do that
to finally happy yeah and feel that
happiness inside where it's come your
happiness that's being dependent on who
you you are and who you've embraced it
loving yourself rather than someone else
approving because the thing with other
people approving of you and giving or
giving you like affirmation or not it's
so fickle because like what the fashions
change and then you have to like oh no
and then oh you don't like this music
that music it's like it's all it's all
external right and if you can find this
internal feeling of like acceptance in
yourself then that's what's so powerful
it's tough it can be tough and like I
said when I was at school I think maybe
some people thought has been a weirdo
but I don't think being in individuals
always like being freaky and weirdo and
that might be the initial reaction but
then they're like oh wow people respect
you like I all why don't you actually
standing out and stepping up and
standing up for what you believe in
it's kind of not isn't like back and
wave hope you said but the things that
you may feel that you're you are an
individual for doing or like your being
once you accept that and embrace it and
like let other people know what show
other people or tell other people I bet
you there are so many people around you
that would therefore come out with the
same thing yeah like you could inside be
like oh no it's just me that likes doing
this you finally build up the courage or
you accept it and you let other people
know and I bet there are so many other
people who surround you who are exactly
the same in the same position hiding the
same thing not telling us anything not
wearing those clothes in case they get
judged even though they
like those items or Alfie next time we
do this we should have it on there not
cup or kayak and then we can just grow
around got a kayak and so I got
distracted so check that how cool is
that or look on an actual rowboat
you know you probably been rowing you
know how bad I am is so bad we went
round in a circle for like half an hour
oh but yeah I don't know I'd love to
know you guys for you guys is there
things in your life that and you have to
comment same what it is yeah maybe all
yeah I mean you might not feel
comfortable but there might be some
things in life where you've actually
decided to be like okay this is what I
who I know I am and I'm not going to be
I'm not going to just try to fit in
anymore and you've stepped out to be an
individual and I'd love to hear in the
comments like what was that like did you
know what was that experience and you
know for others to read as well I did
that did you feel more free in doing
that and has it resulted in a better
more happier you in the long run because
obviously for that coming week or day or
like when I started YouTube I didn't
tell any of my friends because that was
a weird thing to do sitting I'm probably
not talking to a 360 camera still weird
thing to do but yeah like none of my
friends did it and I was worried about
them finding out and when they gradually
found out like yeah it was a bit like
you make youtube videos talks to a
camera but I don't care I enjoyed doing
it I still enjoyed doing it and now I'm
still doing look at it now look at elfi
now so I like killing it right is that
embracing embracing all those people
that tease you I don't have you got
teased all the people that were like
what that's weird they would be like
watch it's crazy but then this still
this still is like a very individual
thing yeah but so do people have the
same individuality like it's very unique
to want to document your life online
every aspect yet we both do that and
we'll go found each other and we both
hang out and get on
via finding out the same weird
individual thing that we like do it so
you know I guess that's the thing as
well is when you step out when you step
out as an individual and no one around
you seems to think like you or have the
same opinions or the same passions
that's that might just be because when
you're at school or when certain groups
of friends you're just thrown in
altogether and people like different
things we're all different as a variety
of you know carrot you know
personalities and everything and like
passions but like I said when I started
YouTube and discover this world then you
suddenly connect to people and you're
still an individual but then you connect
with people on the same like when you
when you step out be like oh actually I
want to film videos a bit on YouTube and
then you're like oh you do that too no
go and you're still doing your
individual thing but then you suddenly
connect with people and if you if I was
scared to ever be like oh I'm gonna I'm
scared to put myself a line or do a
video I would have never met half the
awesome friend yeah I just never met any
of the awesome friends that I know now
through YouTube so okay let's say
something else say your passion is dance
yeah you want to dance and then but
you're scared because of what people
think of you then you you know you might
step up and be like eh I'm going to do
it and you're going to take that step of
like facing your fear and then you're me
through doing that you'll meet other
people be like yeah I love that too and
then you can make those connections you
suddenly feel like you're you have
belonging and connections with people
that love the same things as you do so
I'll oh we're saying step up being an
individual that then can lead to this
being a community and you'll get like
that the same thing but alright so maybe
it comes down to fine being an
individual but being an individual
consuming but pursuing it comes from
pursuing what you want to be doing and
your passion rather than what other
people are telling you to be doing so so
then when you really discover what you
want to be doing and who you want to be
then then it releases loads of other
things like connections with other
people and living life and finding
happiness like true happiness and I
think that only gets easier the older
you get like it's tough school is tough
education is tough let alone having
like try and keep back the cool kids and
be popular and like the right things
it's tough not saying it's easy
especially right now not yeah a lot all
you're probably like Wow a lot you're
probably starting a new year at school
or maybe a new college and it's this is
like the real hard time isn't it like
you meet you making new friends that
feeds back to our last like video but
you're making new friends and you're it
give off the right persona yeah I've
always thought about that though going
off tangent lil bit like with
relationships and stuff well even into
videos like is there any point in acting
to like be somebody that you're not kind
of thing yeah and I don't I don't
personally for me dancing there is
because like if I was in the
relationship I was having to act like a
slightly better version or character or
supposedly better version of myself then
I just feel like those people you're
getting on with aren't liking you for
the right reasons they still like you
for being you
that's the same with making videos
that's what I'm just like yeah as you
much to my true self as I post it's like
being authentic yeah because you want
people to like you for just being
yourself whether that have been
individual doing like things that other
people don't like doing
I mean what's funny like with none of
this was planned what we're talking
about like evidently this is meant to be
this is kind of meant to be a discussion
and we wanted the reason wise it's like
360 thing as well as like we want to
include you guys and help make you feel
more a part of like we're just chilling
sitting here Chang and we're exactly the
same as you yeah just happened to be on
the other side of the camera no he's on
literally on the other side of the gap
after me but yeah I hope you guys have
enjoyed just a little bit of thoughts
that we're having and like there's
probably a lot of stuff we can learn
from you guys as well but it's been fun
having another chat and yeah if there's
some good maybe this is a stop something
maybe we could be more yeah three six
I've seen I'm sorry let us know if you
like the 360 video give it a thumbs up
to let us know maybe we'll do some other
cool stuff we don't even have to do chat
videos we could do like a daily vlog or
whatever
come and check I did some stuff the
other day we were like walking on the
beach and eat ice cream and Gardens
doing some like swinging and bars and
stuff that is a there's like a 360 video
in my channel or there will be like
pretty soon when I get sick it takes a
while to ever life
Louise having to edit this video because
it's not my cameras I'm no idea how to
do any other but yeah I hope you enjoyed
I hope you learn or just gathered some
aspect and embraced it and the same
leave us some comments so that we can
read them and let us know what you guys
think if there's any other topics you
want us to talk about and of course
leave them down below as well not saying
we're experts at all we're not saying
that we're literally just talking our
opinions on these topics yeah cool
that's about it normally I interviewed
over a bit my hand over the camera but I
can't it's three sitting less like like
that so all of that all right I'll catch
you soon guys give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it go check out with
Louise legacies unload the 3d three 3d
360 videos as well and I'll catch you
soon goodbye in mine
