morning guys today I am off to London
it's been an eventful morning very very
stressful and nearly nearly what a taxi
to London then I thought no the train
will be quicker then I got caught up a
Holmes like another half now so it would
have been quicker to get the car and
she's just so much stuff has happened
but I'm about to get on the train now
it's London got myself some healthy
snacks some superfood salad quinoa salad
suffer that I've also got mr. Joe sugg
birthday present in here from Zoe and I
and hopefully I'm going to see him today
at some point in London and drop this
off to him now the reason I'm going up
to London so told you then yesterday's
video super exciting but sadly I just
found out today that I'm not allowed to
feel better which is great isn't that
that's so good for you guys I'm up to
see more or less my finish wax work Zoe
was going to come in the last minute she
couldn't make it she's got a ton of work
to do at home so she's working at home
doing videos and stuff it is nearly
complete I don't think it's fully
complete but yeah I'm super excited to
go and see my figure it's a shame that
I'm not allowed to show you guys but
they do come out really really soon I
don't know if I'm allowed to tell you
what date they come out but super soon
I'm telling you and like literally so
soon I'm so excited and yeah just got to
catch the train to London then I think
afters I'm going to hang out with Lois
because the video that we shot in in the
front room last night at home the
lighting was super bad on the GoPros so
we're going to try and shoot like a stim
at the similar saw video and we're going
to add che in because I'm going to go
and be on the train London oh yes
there's some tables there so we're going
to reshoot that video in better lighting
okay so tans I am allowed to film some
certain parts I'm not allowed to reveal
to you what they look like yet them both
Zoey now in front of me and it is crazy
like it's so so weird when I first
walked in the room I was like that's a
lot of so close to Zuri and it's just
like she's not moving at all so weird
but Zoe has got a little bit on her lip
missing of the color of her lipstick
what color is it these guys voted for
the color didn't they something Kate
Moss 107 you guys voted for and my
t-shirt as well you guys chose the color
of my t-shirt so I'm going to feeling a
bit somebody's going to show me how to
fill in a bit of Zoey's lip so I'm going
to put you guys down now and do that
without revealing what we look like so
do you want me to explain yeah you
explain how we're doing it all right so
we mix well because this the color was
always lip here and that's long ago
right that shape we're going for when I
go for a little bit warmer here okay so
I've matched it to the lipstick that she
wears
yeah and mix up a tone so is that well
color and we're going to use a bit of um
what is this job
it's oil color oil color yeah go go mix
it with Turks as well so it fins out and
it can be applied to the wax and this is
just a little block of wax okay just
gonna debate the color here I'll just
activating the color pop it onto the
brush there and outfeed you want to have
a little go so this is a fake Zoe's lip
and how many coats would you have to do
just one but you can like thicken up the
paint and lip mixture so there's less
hurts more oil color
what's tap this is what's in here and
that sends out the oil color helps
new guys are that she lip done you think
looks great go for a bit thick up side
you feel confident to do it on her lips
yeah let's do it
yeah I'm sorry as I hope your works
being a little rubbish everyone's own a
great except from her lip and I'm like
oh don't something about that okay this
is all I'm allowed to show you is OE I'm
scared I'm gonna get Ajith I'm holding a
camera and this oh no I mean I'm doing
good I shoulda done GCSE painting art
that's the one that looks good they let
me film much more than what I thought
and Madame Tussauds so I hope you
enjoyed what you did see I want to be
able to show you the figures so bad they
look amazing you know it's chase having
a wave as you can probably hear it
downstairs Callum is asleep in Sara's
bed Sara's just popped out to get some
food so I'm gonna get into bed of
caliber give me cuddle and see what does
this is gonna baby boy his ways out
damn right surprise you got me right
yeah so Louie is here now I'm at
national carnival column for the game
video okay of God hello yeah get when
you go that's how you just got lunch
down here super healthy waiting for mr.
sugery
Joe sugg is coming from somewhere giving
I think he's lost
it's also his birthday so Zoey and I've
got a present for him more from Zoey
than it is for me but I've left it at
Ray's house he's going to come down me
up can you give him his present
and yeah birthday Joe's 24 today
Oh
here he comes the birthday boy looking
like a happy yes look at that grin on
his face he loves it
birthday boy finish up lunch take two is
about to happen you know the video that
I was saying we were shooting yesterday
the 360 video for the millionth time for
me to say 360 and we have like to shoot
everything through Google 3d 360 same
thing
the tides really far out so we're just
going to jump over here I don't if we
can sit down here man yeah we want that
dirty it is still the blue flame cool
look alright let's see what we're saying
that bridge looks lovely though it'd be
nice to do oh my gosh imagine if we
walked up one of those bits on the
bridge oh my shoes are gonna get ruined
we can't really go down here man over
there that's nice a nice little platform
over there we're trying to find
somewhere to shoot this video it's
proven really hard because there's so
dirty around here and nowhere to really
sit comfortably know where to put the
camera what is this
oh look just know when you watch the
video finally guys a lot of effort has
gone into it
a lot of risk-taking as well like
walking along this wall that is like a
million foot high look what Louie is
doing oh my gosh bro if we fell off here
Louie's setting up got audio recording
one here audio recording on his iPhone
got a lovely location for you guys for
360 view I've got people jogging past
we've got the bridge what down here it's
gonna be good yeah I think we good this
guy's just checking out the 360 for the
first time have a spin round ever see
I've never seen that matters
haha like me dizzy look up at the sky
yeah that's in Norway filmed everything
306 screens look at the floor my life
coconut on my own yeah
you can do it yeah so what we are
filming yeah so what we were filming
just now on there you'll see you walk
past 360 on the video and then you can
go on YouTube and you can learn how to
help offline now go on
yeah hi um the last time I filmed it is
kinda like 20 minutes past 9:00 in the
evening and we're off to get a wagon on
this Louis left Jay hey there bro
we get bad boys are just like slain why
I'm sad
what guys they wouldn't believe me and
you'll cut it out and you'll make this
you know that what I go on
chairs ordered a tear-stained Agnes oh
you're gonna have to eat that tea
stained egg going you got that
not with don't one bang yet are you
going to one bang is it good
just rent for a super-healthy Wagga
Mama's I just got beat Sarah who doesn't
know how to eat it and neither do i I
don't know what I'm doing all right guys
I'm gonna end my vlog here I have no
idea when I last blogged all I know is
that Shay was playing called a g2 column
I fell asleep I wasn't planning on
staying he has meant to be going back
but my last train and getting into bed
but my last train was basically it was I
can't even speak oh did you just woken
up but my last train was super light he
was going to get in and like half past
1:00 in the morning
I forgot any door key so to woken Zoe up
and got you back in London anyway two
more and lunch time to go shopping any
ice I'm absolutely knackered guys if you
enjoyed the video and you're really
excited for Madame Tussauds like I am
give the video big or thumbs up to let
me know did you have a good day yep give
it a thumbs up don't worry guys good
night
