good morning guys how you doing today
I'm with Louie we're just going boy it's
funny to term 9:00 a.m. guys Louie's
phones still winless from other
countries time he thinks it's like a
Shyam just talked to in town already
edited uploaded yesterday's video being
productive I've got to go and do some
rubbish at the bank some boring bank
stuff sue just popped into town after
watching houses yesterday
even I fell asleep we're gonna try yeah
yeah amazing I'm going to watch the best
of it don't worry I'm gonna try and
spend today being like vegan maybe
vegetarian guys I want to get some sushi
but Louie won't let me he's saying I
have to try this vegan we not do veggie
and then do pescetarians let's just go
the way that's six hundred sixty gallons
of water per pound of beeping that's
believing food and Burger King
definitely not nothing in there is going
to be vegan oh my gosh they believe
raspberry sprite how is that strawberry
phantom as well crazy right we need to
find some of vegan this place just here
called food dilly does really really
healthy stuff I don't know if it's a
vegan like we have no idea where we can
get the Egon and food and right and
vegetarian is quite easy to go for and
I'm not going to be vegan forever guys
so I'm just gonna try it for this one
day today
I said to lose that there was a place
with 42 that my sister and no me have
eaten that quite a lot and the parent is
really good I'm really like hipstery and
healthy
we tried googling it couldn't find it
anywhere
turns out because it's not good 30 or 40
to 30 that we can find there wouldn't
net here we go restaurant
bakery coffee house I mean it looks as
healthy as you can get what do you think
we're gonna have a look hey Louise
we won
it needs to turn around there you go let
guys see that line
I think it sure he would he was going to
cut his head today that was the vision
dude like through this like this face
and then you've got beautiful long
flowing locks along like yours yeah you
don't need to go my leg do it yeah and
thank you so much thanks yo look at this
I have no idea what this is but it looks
so delicious how good does that look
it's so good he's taking an Instagram
it's too old like I don't even want to
touch your first vegan Instagram are you
gonna be one of those vegan people where
you literally just light now or no
travel fire I was just vegan food I
don't even know what it is is like
squash and pesto and stuff he thinks
he's a shepherd who just arrived at my
office I'm into my office in ages guys
it is still exactly the same as I left
there however I am doing a ton of emails
Louise in the toilet that's why I'm not
here I'm doing its ton of emails with
the design team at the moment so still
working on the designs still working on
making this place into the best office
headquarters in the world so don't think
it isn't get it done it's getting done
it just takes a long time to design the
place and plan everything that's gonna
happen but it's going to be cold it's
gonna be amazing
yeah Louise in the toilet I want to play
at the table tennis I want it even again
the table tennis because I've already
played many people here yeah and I'm
feeling blue it's going to be good which
is good because I love the table tennis
we also just when they've got some
drinks some super healthy drinks that
are like crazy energy like crazy amount
of like matcha in there which is kind of
like I think it's kind of like I think
it's kind of like caffeine but not
caffeine it just like really really good
energizing trying to learn how to shoot
a 360 video whilst playing table tennis
but the only thing is we forgot to bring
the legs for the tripod for the 360
thing so I've like put my shoes
it's basically four GoPros put together
you seen any blueish stuff if you
haven't going to this channel and as you
as you're watching if you're on an
iPhone and you V use your finger or if
you're on the computer you press the
arrow and you can spin round like this
now if you're watching me and you can
spin round and like look anywhere you
want in the room it's crazy it's so so
cool
I think Louie is the only youtuber not
to own one of these and you're the
travel man once they get lighter and
smaller I said if you could break in
half and then put it in your bag like in
your back we man making it from Disney
even just looking at you then they would
be insane three oh my gosh he's gonna
fall off in a minute it's getting too
confident
Louie now I've just arrived at the park
we've been shooting some more 360 stuff
on his camera bro when's this video
gonna go up and like like a week or so
I'll let you guys know when it's up so
you can check it out Louie the muscle-up
man show them what you know okay
he's nailing it we're just some little
bars in the park he's got this on lock
face one of the is one of those things
working out is like really really tired
quickly if you don't do it often but
when I don't work out for like three or
four days I can feel the difference all
right let me try shooting our endurance
okay you can do this selfie yes Alfie
yeah yes Roz do the backwards one do the
back door shut us out
how do you do that I've no idea no I
didn't it was fell off remember yeah
just before Louie breaks his back I'm
just gonna film him jumping yep though
you're so tall it's insane no you can
you they gone then
yo back from the park
it is Pizza time super healthy pizza
we've gone from my normal Daisy taking
off the cheese placing it with vegan
cheese and then whacked in a spelt bass
as well
Zoe's pizza looks twenty times better
then mine in Louise not gonna lie
there's also some donuts on the side and
some more pug cookies which all tempted
me but I think I think is it good it
actually tastes good okay Tony says get
know that you're not allowed to eat our
dinner because it's human food so he is
going to bed now guys Luigi's have been
literally his sick for seven coffee of
today the time is 10 minutes to 1 under
an utter I've literally got to be awake
I'm leaving tomorrow morning cuz I'm
it's super super exciting you're gonna
see it more as well it's crazy at like
nine or something like that in the
morning so what do what got early
what about from a 3d video for this
channel of mine here 360 not a three day
360 video we've got the set up here a
while ago Louie and I filmed a video on
my channel which was just sitting down
and chatting about peer pressure and it
got a little bit deep but we both really
really enjoyed it had no editing no cuts
and it was just 15 minutes for just
chatting to each other and I loved it
but one thing that Louie has never tried
is a TENS machine so I want to get my
tens machine out let me put pop you guys
up here yeah yeah okay it's sticky right
so I'm gradually gonna tell if you guys
have seen me do this before I did a
video on it was an operation yeah the
game with Zoey and that you tend to
either read it just relax and it goes up
to like 50 yeah and just see how high
you can go okay if you really don't like
it is pull this just rip off your arm
okay I'll go on telephone adapters Lola
oh and that's 112 yeah yeah alright okay
no actually no it's that's from 20 G's
in your bunker if you're done in your
face yet no I probably thought you could
not turn your chest either
because you're hot right yeah Oh Oh
straight all right it's running out I
charge it makes my fingers close we just
finish you in that chef teah video that
told you guys about in 360 yeah I think
it went well I don't know I'll be up
over the next couple of days I'm sure in
this channel see you guys can let me
know what you think about me excited
have a 360 video up on this channel I
think that's getting really really do
you think so yeah I need to get myself
there a 360 rig that's what I need but
yeah I'm gonna end my blog now for you
guys because my voice is croaking it's
like 2:00 a.m. or something ridiculous
I've got to be up early tomorrow
Louise got a drive back home tonight did
you have fun today
will he stay home like
I guess it's my parents it's your
parents house UK I did have fun really
did the workout was fun yeah we did a
little workout
oh man realizing how unfit I am and same
as me yeah but yeah it's been it's been
cool I like I love experimenting me the
367 as well and you're now where are you
flying to in a couple of days San
Francisco I've never been a one is so
bad I want to go so bad a lot of such
busy weeks ahead
Oh soon one day guys where she works
with me enough we go traveling yeah we
want to go another Papa Chak not
traveling but it's like a week well
otherwise your viewers are gonna end up
commenting like I'm in New Zealand or
somewhere my newsela be sick we can't do
that for a week nursery I'd have to do
that for like three weeks so I'm off
like a week some are good maybe like
Dubai yeah could we do Brazil Brazil so
we work yeah Rio Rio
I dunno you guys let us know in the
comments I will catch you tomorrow with
a new video nice and Ernie this drug in
Hangul is a weird one yeah people yeah
what's that we must get what I can't get
well I'm sorry
alright I'll catch you tomorrow guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed that
