good morning guys this could be
potentially one of the last times that I
put my hair back like this because I'm
going to get it cut I've decided I'm
gonna get it cut I messaged my
hairdresser yesterday and don't don't
good comments a know if you go out
longer than maybe there because I just
been thinking that even when it is
really long and it's the length that I
wanted it I could only put it in a bun
there would be no other styles having it
down just wouldn't suit me and I don't
want to be restrictive and slicked back
hair forever and I liked my hair when it
was sure I just wanted to try something
different so all you might need to set
the pigs off of that Zoey you leave them
on okay we've just been sort of smashing
this morning and anyways yeah so I'm
going to get my hair cut short so if
you're thinking I look slick written
ridiculous this is one of the last times
you're going to see it so enjoy it enjoy
the ridiculousness this morning Zoey has
been preparing the downstairs table
because we have got buzz coming over now
there
oh she's looking for Zoey because I was
just gone out there and we've got buzz
from a liver we've got mum coming over
we've got dad comin over the puppy and
we got Shawn coming over because as we
saw in yesterday's video
it was Nolan buzzes first birthday
yesterday but because some of us for
museum all at different times of the day
and we didn't get to celebrate with them
together so Zoey has just laid the table
here look at all of this amazing food
and these here are edible for dogs like
these are dog cakes at pupcakes
and these are for humans but they're in
black pug shaped things and I just looks
good how other boy is doing how you
doing little chaps you eating your food
yum yum yum where's the other guys got
it all over his frickin he gets too
excited when I pull the ball and he runs
into the actual Bowl loose and now he's
got a face he's here let me get it off
good boy oh that's okay are they your
friends yeah wherever I go near them
they just run away unless I'm feeding
them then they like me morning I've
already Xing uploaded the daily log it
is more
to one though so it's not exactly early
we did wake up early however but we've
just been super busy this morning edged
in preparing washing getting ready doing
the washing you excited for today yeah
oh yeah I know this is OTT for a dog
party but no it was fun
these aren't just dogs these are our
babies that's awesome they love carrots
oh you chopped up carrots the dogs love
carrots as they are with carrots in the
Cape
mmm-hmm I am so excited I'm going to
take this washing upstairs and then
others I need to throw out the garden
because in our garden it's not very tidy
at the moment you see these chairs here
they just get blown everywhere like that
wood that was not down there the other
day
also it's called disgusting water on top
of the hot tub basically we need to
revamp the garden I need to sort out the
hot tub because it's full of 30 chlorine
water and but I'm not going to do that
today but what I do need to do today is
move or the furniture look over there I
don't know if you can see that there's a
pillow so in I have this there here as I
mean I have this massive indoor little
like Cavey thing where you can sit and
when wing gets big just blows it
everywhere so I need to show that all
right I need to put it to the auction up
everyone is here this is the aftermath
of all the photos that we just took guys
you having a good party you having a
good party
so you thinking oh we had to put a bowl
in the middle afterwards they are dog
friendly they're pupcakes so don't worry
they're not normal cake slice you
enjoying it buzzy boy having a nice
birthday I can't believe how quickly
she's eaten a cupcake look at oh my god
this is ridiculous I'll be sure you can
eat your poop cake no you can't and
they're just like carrot and stuff
good boy buzz is it good yeah I know we
had them yesterday I mean try it why you
been nothing when there's no sugar in it
and then it's honey but it tastes a bit
like one of your what a protein bar
Internet yes I can dry bar but why not
there and one break you lay down here
what she got I know it got cake all on
our face
Oh eat more cake doggies
okay haha
dog boy what's this game forward cook
sir I haven't got boxer m8 we've got dog
bingo we're playing do i box a
where no it does how I do so this is I
probably miss loads of them so this is
basically the game guys you have all the
different breeds of dogs everyone has
different one and then Sean it's the the
master author hound show me what it
looks like I'm a big basset hound otter
hound yes I don't think I'm doing very
well at the moment how annoyed mum how
annoyed from a scale of 1 to 10 I'm just
dropped Oliver Box a little boy I've got
I'm doing quite well
Oh pigeon well mum was actually doing
the best dad said their hide in his away
I Apollo is it one away Wire Fox Terrier
GoPro and lucky little Jack hey guys we
only need one more to get a line this
regard Chuck Russell terrier come on
please please say your next one is there
oh I got that going up here no
don't you read them out to make sure you
got the right ones I got four left to go
great so he's got three dammit dammit
Oh mom stop crying
mum's cheating no no no no no mom you
just losing the hum get from Kengo oh
yeah no I got three left to go Zoey's
got two left to go yeah you got three
Bernese Mountain Dog no we both need an
Irish Wolfhound Oh PUD bad yeah now I
can't possibly win unless you get the
issue fest and I can draw best you can
do
bull terrier yes come on now pod pod
please pugs yawn okay sorry sorry you
know you're gonna do that's trying to
get one if you get the Irish Wolfhound
then sorry no I train in cowboy
we're at one level strange shepherds
border terrier no go on
next one is oh he's got to Australian
Shepherd nah I was next I'm gonna put
mine down hey puppy lost
lucky hoping gone straight in Shepherd I
was this one I needed lucky are they've
all been done
you're just rubbish you're very stupid
unlucky
what is happening out here they're so
scared ah
happy birthday guys you never get one
exciting yeah come on let's go home ha
ha ha lovely why am I not in focus focus
there we go it is lunchtime the family
have left I don't know it's time when I
when I last logged I'm not quite sure
when that was all so I'm using my old
camera again the new one I used for one
day and there was a top comment with
like 300 likes or something it was like
this wasn't as good as your old camera
so I might have a play around with the
settings maybe use it for one more day
and then see what you guys think but if
not then I'm just going to use this
camera for a bit longer
and just my new one I won't use but I'm
trying to open this with one hand which
doesn't really work when if it's tables
all over I couldn't decide on what to go
for for lunch so I kind of bought a few
lunches but not just because I'm just
lazy like that but because Louie is also
coming over any time now for now until 6
o'clock and I know what he's like he
would
woken up three hours ago and not had
lunch yet so I thought if I ordered a
couple of just things that I know Louie
all like as well then when he arrives
he's got lunch waiting for him which
would be nice so number one I got a
chicken salad which looks delicious I
think I'm going to go for that one and
then these ones here one is chicken
onion and avocado and the other one is a
tuna melt which both of those I just
blew in delicious aren't they
and then Zoey is also having lunch with
me she is having a pupcake no junctions
not really she is having a chicken katsu
curry with chicken guy oza which is that
chicken dumplings that's whatever lunch
that's what we're up to
Nala is sunbathing in the Sun walking
around she loves it when this does
anyone else's dogs do this whenever the
Sun comes through the window like
projects onto the floor there's like a
warm patch Nala just lies in that
package alike just sleeping and sleeping
also something exciting just happened
now online Tonya and Jim and now you
guys all know my friends Tania Jim
announce that they got married a couple
of days ago now I couldn't actually tell
what I got my legs on I was the throws
because I'm really soft I can actually
tell you guys why I wasn't vlogging for
the last couple of days and then on the
way back from the wedding which Zoey and
I did go - we went to Zoey's dad's house
which so I did I did go to his dad's
house and that was probably the only bit
that you saw the vlog that was like not
our house and that went up from lot
yesterday Dave over you guys when I did
three blogs in one but the reason why I
didn't vlog daily blog for a couple of
days was because both of us went to
Tanya and Jim's wedding which was how
was it amazing like literally
unbelievable is the most beautiful
wedding everyone was crying like ever
like even happy quiet
Zoey hasn't seen me cry ever since we've
been together
and I cried one tear as Jim was Jim was
talking to his vows and then when Jim's
brother John was doing a speech at the
wedding he lost it I just lost it I went
I was just full-on crying like Oh
everyone was crying so I just basically
final day yeah you just quite all day
everyone was just quite it was just such
a beautiful like we stayed there for
three days and it was just amazing so
congratulations guys
I am now going to eat my lunch before it
all gets cold I've changed up my t-shirt
and everything just set up some lights
and a camera in this room here and I'm
about to film my new main channel video
for tonight for me or yesterday for you
I've been preparing it with Zoe for for
this morning for this morning all of
this morning and a bit of last night has
always been helping it I can tell you
what it is because it would have already
gone up by the time you're watching this
it is especially me reacting like I've
seen so many youtubers reacting to their
own Facebook videos or reacting to their
own first videos and stuff like that so
a while back so I mean I did a video
where we put up icon were what it what
we call you something like the Instagram
challenge and I basically put up a
picture by somebody an Instagram picture
and so we had to guess who it was then
she chose someone I to guess who it was
as well and so busy zoe has gone through
and I also to do so that I haven't seen
them before gone through a load of
youtubers oh and I don't know what
YouTube is Eve like a Googler Anna and
Jonathan it could be marks could be Nomi
could be Tyler
Troy anyone and I load of youtubers
first someone showing outside I did I
not first as in like the very first but
like a first load like the first 20 or
30 pictures and just chosen some like
very early instagrams
from youtubers and I'm just going to be
after them because my Instagram account
when I first made it wasn't the best I
probably would have Instagram something
like a plug socket down here I would
have Instagram like the worst most
embarrassing selfies when I looked so
young I didn't even have one hair on my
face so I basically am doing a video
reacting to youtubers first instagrams
but it isn't their very first actual one
just like the first load they put up and
yeah I'm about to film that now I
haven't seen them yet so I'm super
excited I'm going to jump down there sit
down and record this video with
arrived at the beach we have little
knowledge and also we got this guy with
us of course he's got some new camera
equipment of some sort this is the
plugin how sick is that and it's not
like you know I bought that 360 camera
like a couple of months ago and then I
never end up using it because apparently
a super complicated to use this is
literally four GoPros stuck together
it's still complicated to use but even
more glorious deal is but it's Louie
cough so you can do it and then you know
my hench lens that everybody rips me for
that's like this long Louie's got the
same lens but it's just smaller you're
just better than everything man I'm a
cameraman this next level look at that
we came down to see the sunset we think
we missed the sunset
although the sky still looks really nice
it looks so pretty
but wanna miss the sunset blue what's
blue glaze on bubblegum oh that's
disgusting
no I could be good yeah I think I'm
gonna go statio I just rushed panicked
order a dinner I think the chocolate um
oh yeah I didn't have to save it there -
EO is good there is it as good as some
of the others so just drop Zoe nada back
to the car because uh it always racing
at Thomas the Tank Engine just observing
our back car because oh is good to go
back and edit so it's just Louie NYE now
on the beach we it's got a 360 camera
with him as you saw a minute ago
so we're going to try and get some cool
stuff with that I've also got this big
old camera to take some photos yourself
guys I just woke up on the sofa I lit
you enoyed it was the time of the half
to just watch will we stir I started
watching Libby walks all the way is it
cowspiracy you've got furnace water no
bro super super interesting joy guys
need to check out I'll leave a link to
it down below and yeah just something
you guys need to check out and have a
watch take some put some time into and
just see what you think of it don't fall
asleep while we through
I'm going to carry watch it thank you re
this because zone I used to go to bed it
right for 12 o'clock now and then we
wake up a lot half sever every day oh
wait a minute
yeah I'm gonna end the vlog if you
enjoyed it good if we go thumbs up guys
let me know
I've enjoyed yesterday's main Channel
video and I'll catch each my o night
