good morning guys and welcome back to
the first proper vlog in a few days
thank you so much for sticking around
and sticking by me whilst I've had a
couple of days off of vlogging and miss
much kind of thing that went up
yesterday and I back to normal login and
it is a very very very special day today
isn't it Nala hey it's your birthday
Nala you turn one today baby he excited
I'm so excited I can hardly contain
we're gonna go and walk it on the beach
are we that what we're gonna gonna do
now yes yes hey baby
so it is knowledge first birthday today
which also means it is buzzes first
birthday today but due to not everybody
in the family being free today
like Shawn has work today we're going to
celebrate the dog's birthdays together
it's more a lunch time even though it is
the first birthday today but that
doesn't mean that we know how to
celebrate today with Nala Oh kisses
Christmas auditory No
choo-choo choo-choo choo-choo you
wouldn't even know what a fight should
we go coming in Sherlock Sherlock
come on him let's go let's go let's go
for a walk
and we have arrived at the beach
knowledge favorite place to go she is
very excited to say the least literally
going crazy we should do in you
oh I don't mind towards that new big
Polie thing and yes they've got this big
pole thing I don't if you can see there
which is basically going to be like a
massive metal pole hopefully hopefully
will look better than that and then
they've got like a glass donut on the
outside that's going to go to up and
down it's called a 360 I don't know all
I know is blooming tall she's getting
annoyed because I'm walking too slow she
has no idea what the noise is over there
this little man playing guitar so cute
but she's like what is it what's going
on she's at this too many dogs she's
getting way too excited look at these
shoe down here coming in
shoo go in the water
come on
why don't you like it nah
coming in baby in you go getting in and
you go goodbye right so we just headed
back now to the car as you can see it is
still lovely weather holding out whether
all the cars coming from down there
in the other direction I've got their
windscreen wipers on Zoe notice like
really hardcore which means down there
quite sure you wear down towards the
pier
it is obviously raining a lot and then
it's about to come this way so we have
just missed the rain did you have a nice
day walk did you have a nice oh she
looks so sad why fight you look sad
we're going home baby so we've come into
pets at home to get a nylon bus and left
a presents long as I'm having a little
nap after the walk so far we've got her
this big all the things going a crape
fair to sleep on at night which is like
so soft and then Zoe is getting the rest
of the shop
she's perching everything ours a little
crap
then we've got buzz this and it all that
dragon thing and then we've got a really
soft blanket for Nala
we need to also get them some similar
troops or something tiny little hat
we're in MLS now guys these are the
enemy
do you know how much I want one yeah
this the hardest thing in that should we
buy one just to do it okay
you'll also look how happy we are so far
it looks very colorful it does doesn't
it
awful stuff here's the new to be left
are you going to go for one as well you
should they're really good just
impossible to open
well shows you on the bottom that takes
me so long but they're delicious
so doing them now there be easy out
maybe yeah they have a little metal
earlier do it so that you know they'll
someone
so they just yeah baby a gmunden and no
one will eat it yeah and that it won't
be healthy
try it they're delicious yeah it's good
oh yeah she's so cute
I want her to be my grandma let's go
I'll pass to you you put it on that one
I'm gonna be ready every time you turn
around
making me dizzy no no Zoey what have you
bought here that's naughty I'll ask you
thank you
naughty no that's not nor too sorry okay
these over here are the best looking
magazines I've ever seen look at them
come here hello oh you jump in on daddy
were you doing you're not allowed to
bite that that's so naughty
we've just got home now and I am so mad
I so nearly broke that piece of art I
just smashed my ring on it so hard oh um
I'm so so tired guys like we didn't even
wake up that early today we woke up it
something like call it to 9:00 and I
don't know I'm just so sleepy
I think it's because I don't drink
coffee anymore because on my chest thing
on the I love coffee so I'm gonna have
to go and have like a green tea which
actually has a lot of caffeine in it but
for some reason I'm allowed out I'm just
not allowed coffee so am i kind of a
green tea we just put so much healthy
food in M&S and we also met quite a few
of your guys parents the average age in
M&S today was probably like 60 years old
like I'm not even joking
Zoey no were the youngest people a set
from a couple of little kids that would
their parents we were the youngest
people in there and quite a few of your
parents came up to us and was like ah my
children my daughter my son love you can
I get a picture can you sign this for us
and it's just lovely getting to talk to
some of your parents and just knowing
how cool it is like if I watch somebody
on YouTube and then my mum saw them and
got a signature for me also know that
I'd be so happy when my mom came home so
just knowing that you're going to get
surprised
with like a picture or a signature or
video message or something when your
parents go home from shopping it was
cool but we just back home now Nala is
as hyper as a little kid is when it's
their birthday and then if she realizes
it's her birthday
because she is blooming hyper today and
yeah we just was so much healthy food
I'm so excited I kind of got a bit
carried away and I even bought a steak
like a bought a piece of Finnish state
that they like cut in front of me kind
of thing from the butcher section I have
no idea how to cook steak so I'm just
going to go into YouTube and watch a
YouTube video on how to cook steak I
think whilst cooking it I don't know if
I'm going to have that tonight or
tomorrow but I'm guessing I've got to
have it in the next couple of days just
because it's fresh yeah Zoe can you do
me a big favor
oh that's even better I was going to say
put the kettle on so I can make a green
tape if you want to make it for me
that's even better I'm like a 12 out of
10 tired
I said I'm like a 12 out of 10 tired I
don't know what chicken I am I have
salmon oh I really was there no smell oh
my gosh I need to get out those just
made me a green tea right I need to get
my butter I didn't even get chance of a
nap oh yeah we've had a few late nights
and I didn't have breakfast this morning
I should have had breakfast I finally
got up guys now I've got the biggest
task in the world so I made an agreement
whilst I was half asleep of Zoe but if
she was to unpack the shopping in two
categories of like cupboard upstairs
fridge and stuff like that and freezer I
would put it all away because I'm the
tetris man as you saw earlier maybe it
was that in your blog or my blog
in Zoey's video and she's blogging today
as well so all of this stuff is going in
the fridge
this stuff is beacons I was using today
toothbrushes and stuff random little
bits so now I've got the task of putting
it all away
and I am finished are you happy with it
so let me let me show you why I've done
with that done to the bridge okay you
ready I'm so ready just right are you
Alex Lee so this is our fridge everybody
what you've done shall I phone gasps
yeah this is shad fruit veg imagine here
cheese in this one yeah this is your
shell yeah this is my shelf
oh just anyone's yeah anyone's and this
is all the butter and the Potenza yeah
but what what can you see
say one word what you can see they're
green no what do you mean well can you
see beginning with E easy nope what
what's easy the way it's all bins folded
kind of you meant to say everything
everything the way in which I packed is
you can see everything nothing hides
something else so that then we don't
forget we have any goes out a chain
because often so and I have to throw
things away that we haven't eaten and
that's probably because it's stuffed
behind something else and we forgotten
that is there so I packed it on purpose
so that you can see everything we have
righty bridge is done I've got my tea
whereas my mobile phone yeah and I'm
going to go upstairs for a bit and edit
is that again
I'm going to go and do the daily vlog
book at the time is 27 minutes past two
and a daily vlog needs to be up at 5:00
I have done a daily vlog in a few days
so I'm excited to put this one up
although the one I'm about to upload is
going to be O so we need we need to
unpack from yesterday so the rug that
I'm about to upload now I'm about to
edit and then upload is basically just a
real mismatch of all the days that are
lived recently and I've locked but I
just haven't ended up putting online
so I'm about editing now and I hope you
enjoyed it yesterday if you haven't seen
it yet they'll be linked down below as
always I'm so happy and glad that I'm
back vlogging guys
I love login so much I can't really
explain it but talking to this camera is
so like Zoe's rocking downstairs as well
it's so like therapeutic almost like I
genuinely find it so relaxing and the
most relaxing thing of all is as soon as
5 p.m. goes and my vlog is on time and
it has gone live I'm like ah it's so
nice I don't know I can't really explain
it
righty-tighty I do I do I do mighty and
I am off downstairs now just oh my god
you fell over just finishing the daily
vlog and Zoe and I want to take some I
keep wait you're not right what do you
mean and I ready
well I'm done cuz I'm making angel face
I'm going a bit more okay I thought it's
just for our instagrams look what I've
done
okay we want to take some really cute
pictures of the birthday girl don't we
baby shall I get my big old camera let
me get this camera here take some nice
pictures of you oh my god you've gone to
town look at the biscuit pug biscuit
cookie and these a pop cakes like Nora
and vod's can eat these they're for dogs
how crazy is that word I'm making them
did your fun we've left the bath
together an hour maybe
and I got a little meat plank instead of
the big one probably got vegetarian
plank I steal one of these so we got the
little natural things amazing I got my
Jaime's sausage pasta legit when it's
called so Jamie I'm about to eat your
sausage Zoey's got the biggest plate in
the entire world which is three cheese
by step and probably has got a seafood
salad we have finished up in Jamie's I
don't know why I'm skipping down the
road because I'm so full of shouldn't be
skipping oh my gosh my stomach is going
to explode
so poppy anzo we've gone back to the car
just to go and go and fire it up get it
ready to go while so I quickly grab the
bill and the that is what I think we're
gonna go to mama dad's now mum and dad a
wedding Sean is about to go to Jamie's
literally now 8 o'clock it's a minutes
to 8:00 with his dad and brother yeah I
can we're gonna go to mama dad's now
with poppy and Zoe mom and dad aren't
there and we're gonna watch when hands
are car we're gonna what maybe are we
mind I don't know where car as I've lost
it and we're going to watch The X Factor
so I'm super excited about I love The X
Factor holidays are car
no father ship Earth Day happy birthday
hey happy birthday boy happy birthday
happy birthday happy missing anything
thanks I'mI'm expect uh that is here as
well I thought you were wedding that's
been at the Cricut today since one of
you like cricket know why always pretty
hello hello birthday boy hello birthday
boy Zoe has just poisoned me yes my plan
work today where this club is no more
finally after almost three years knowing
my poison here I'm trying to prove some
max end-of-year boy from the world boys
jaqen your best pitcher candy Moser then
get rid of you from the world tonight
when you're asleep yeah we just got back
home after watching The X Factor which
is I swear The X Factor's longer now
than it's ever been before
explain how you got black teeth I
haven't yet my tongue and teeth are
black because I just tried one of Zoe's
cakes earlier that she made which oh
yeah they'll Kiki's not cakes there are
little pockets and they're black
obviously because we've got black bugs
and I've just eaten one and what did it
do
right I think we're going to head to bed
now so I'm going to catch an early ish
night tonight she'll not sleep in the
bed will she sleep down here last night
she slept down here which makes me think
that she should probably sleep in the
bed because we don't want her to get
used to sleeping in our bed every single
night because then when we're away and
people other people are look after her
and like we sometimes have a friend of
mine as always a cup will come and stay
here whenever we or whenever we go away
we always have house it is like that's
just standard weather Nala comes with us
or not we never ever leave the house
empty we always have somebody come and
just stay and watch the house for us and
just sit in one of the spare rooms but
and the guinea pigs you're right but
because oh yes we've got neutral eval we
ran out of toilet already yeah got new
toilet love but because um how am I
going to carry this all up the stairs
maybe on my head
sledge right on my head but because I'm
but because obviously we've got nada it
just makes more sense to have people
look after her for us I am so skilled
Zoe
I don't know how before YouTube I didn't
have a job and carrying stuff on my head
is that a real job
no oh that would be why it was never my
job then I am spray did I scare you I am
all tucked up in a bed understood that
in a while I'm an entered a robot
in a while getting that little one not
you I'm saying it to the birthday girl
maybe end up sinking matter beyond haha
she's so tired right I'm gonna get sleep
no guys cuz I've got to be up early
tomorrow my new video it is going up the
same day as this video so I will leave a
link to it down below as soon as it's
live go check it out go give it a thumbs
up should I tell you what it is
should I not tell you what it no I'm not
gonna tell you what it is it is going to
be an exciting surprise okay
not as now see it up give the video a
thumbs up if you excited that I'm back
daily vlogging I am super excited and
now we've got all our fresh food and
everything like that tomorrow we can
start being healthy as well and Louie is
coming over tomorrow evening we've got a
puppy birthday party tomorrow where bu
Zed Zed concerts name up or somebody
will get excited mum dad Sean and poppy
all coming over and we're gonna have
them in little doggy hats and in their
ducky cakes and playing games to
probably play hide and seek with them
and it's gonna be fun so I'm excited for
tomorrow guys I'll catch you then good
night
