good morning guys good morning Haider
we're currently taking down as you can
see all of the Christmas decoration no
good morning guys wanting how you doing
we're currently taking down putting away
all of the Halloween decorations
straight into Christmas no doubt no
we're not no yeah oh and that's why I'm
wrapping it all up put it outside and
give it a shake oh it's a little bit of
cobweb down here all going back up into
the Attic I think we can leave some in
the orange up but just made me not
pumpkins that's quite Halloween most
marquee boy doing outside getting rid of
all the spiderwebs yeah the tedious job
of turning all of these back off oh my
gosh oh
turn the head to test go if you saw
yesterday's vlog happened I was trimming
my stubble last night after take all of
my Halloween makeup off I decided it'd
be a good idea to then trim my stubble
and I have no idea how this happened but
whilst trimming just this side not this
side slightly longer than this side
today I went like this with the razor
and it just snapped like I snapped my
razor in my hand so I'm heading to Tesco
to get a new razor and I also need to
get some kitchen roll some mr. muscle
polish apparently else was it there was
something else some kind of white some
kind of dry cleaning cloth microfiber
dry cleaning cloth that's right that
kind of thing okay no here we go where's
my boy this is the one that I use and
haven't got any
I don't ought to do every other razor is
like a wet shaving razor and I don't
wait I never shave almost up a lot we're
going for the 10-pound razor I've no
idea how good this is going to be but it
will have to do just walking past the
ps4 games as you know got a new ps4 the
other day
this first game I see is the Ninjago
game which I'm literally waiting and it
hopefully is arriving today for a parcel
from Lego like I'm waiting for a parcel
for me it might be there when I get home
and there now I've just seen their game
as well but the game's not out yet
I should I shouldn't be buying games I'm
not here for that this is why I'm here
mr. muscle polish shower shine
bathroom limescale I don't know what I'm
looking for all I know is mr. muscle
polish then I which one microfiber
cloths
this razor is a battery you don't even
charge it normally with my stubble I
shave it to three millimeters of quite
specific and my normal razor has like a
little one millimeter three millimeter
five millimeter this one just has like
one two and three clicks sure long
longer
this is literally not working at all I
was just about to go to the office and
then I remembered that I've got two
parcels to open then I might rotate to
the office with me and show you guys
yeah
oh so I told you guys earlier that I got
a pass or hopefully arriving today
it has arrived today but I've also had
an extremely excited other parcel
arrived today half in the form of a
letter that I'm probably gonna have to
blur because it's got my address on
there I think even this bit or the other
bit is the exciting bit oh okay it's
this bear like I'm not even ready this
is so sick
this year this here is the key to my new
woodland you know in the blocks recently
I've been telling you guys that are
bought forest and what would I bought I
don't know what to call it bought a
piece of land or laughter forest or
woodland I wouldn't it let's just go
with a woodland then you may be asked
him why do I have a key to a wooded Club
that doesn't make anything the wood does
it's all not buried in and everything
like that but to be able to get my car
to drive up to the woodland there is a
gate and so far I haven't been him to do
that so I've had to park it like a
nearby park and then walk 20 minutes to
my woodland whereas now I can officially
drive straight to the woods my so only
gosh okay I better not lose this I need
to need to put it somewhere safe just
text a bit to my family right excited
package number two is this one here then
I told you and look here a little bit
earlier and actually I can use my new
key to open the package how about that
there we go so Lego got in touch with me
the other day and then basically they
saw you know the video I saw I keep on
relating back to this one video you know
the video was caught so much just text
me
my dad he said Woodgate question mark
indeed you know the video was back at my
parents house and I was going through
all of my old childhood belongings in
the Attic
the things in there was a massive box of
Lego that this is gonna sell I don't
even know for this is like a normal
thing to do then my mom had washed for
me I said mom why is where the nigga so
clean she said I washed it the other day
for you the reason she had washed it for
me is because she says number one if I
want to use it to build anything and
number two when I have kids and they
want to start playing with Lego then it
than they need clean Lego I've got a
massive massive box of Kleenex
anyways Lego got in touch and they know
that I love Lego but it's very public
than I love Lego in fact recently I
bought my dad another one of those
architectural Legos and I'm going
off-topic Lego I've got a new movie that
is now out called the Ninjago movie and
they see me in these vlogs opening
parcels and getting excited with the
time so they're like a we're gonna send
you a box of some exciting stuff in it
that you're not going to know what it is
until it arrives and you open it in your
video this is the box that I'm opening
in the video the yo okay it's got two
things in there I have never had in all
my life a piece of Lego this big like
when I was younger I used to get LEGO
sets all the time but they were probably
like this kind of size okay that's
actually sick how long did this take to
build oh I kind of want to build it I'm
in the middle of my workday but I do
kind of want to build it does it tell me
how long it takes
aside from building this Lego which I am
going to build and put on my desk in my
office I just might have to do it a few
hours out of work hours I know if people
are gonna appreciate if I go by
downstairs in the office and just start
building Lego whilst everyone else's
work in Ninjago created some content
with Ninja Warrior which is a program
that I am obsessed with like if I could
ever go on Ninja Warrior I would like I
would be there in a second I would fly
to whatever country I have to go to be
able to I know I'd probably get so
excited that I'll fail straight away but
there's something in me from doing
competitive gymnastics for six years
when I was younger there's something
inside me that's like I feel like I've
got that like when I'm watching it I'm
like I think I can do that I think I
could be good anyways Ninjago have
create some cool content with Ninja
Warrior I will leave a link down below
you guys can go check it out please do
go check it out go give it a thumbs up
go show some love it's some cool content
around in JA go and obviously ninja
warrior and it's Lego and it's just a
bit of fun it's cool I kind of want to
build these now I'm not even joking I
didn't know this was going to be in the
box
I know I haven't been told or asked to
build this or anything but I feel like
it would be rude not to
yeah this is gonna take me a little bit
long at UGA
he loves building Lego like in serious
about a year or two ago Zoey and Jim did
a video together for I think it was for
Christmas when they built Lego together
whilst doing a Q&A and a chat and stuff
so maybe Zoey walls will help me out a
build this later on we've got a sick
character from the Ninjago movie to the
old and also just on the floor the key
to my woodland the key to my oh my gosh
I'm so excited go there the block so you
guys haven't properly seen it because
when I went around and I did vlog there
and I did show you bits of it I wasn't I
didn't know if I was going to be able to
get it or not I just made an offer on on
the wood and I didn't really know what
my plans were gonna be with the land and
whether my I didn't really know much so
I didn't want to tell you guys and
excite you and let you know that it was
something that I was thinking about
purchasing I just at the time I just
explained it as a place that I was going
for a walk with the family which
technically it was but now we can
probably go back and I can show you guys
around I can show you the river that
runs through I can show you that it will
island with fresh garlic on it but I'm
excited it's gonna be so safe
Zoe just tried to scare me by walking
really slowly in the office I knew it is
yeah people would knock the door just
went and they're really slowly open and
there's only cameraman IP or your memory
card reader and she wants to build this
but I should be not doing it tonight and
you think you know who would like this
and I always stood out there and I win
and then you think that was it you and
Jim did like the video didn't ya this
one's called as I wasn't there I know
that's what I'm thinking
in my head after all in my head I feel
like I'm really good at building Lego
but I feel like it's going to be harder
the more I think I want the big one the
more challenging the better just had to
leave the office coming into the bedroom
which is where I do my calls from my
therapist oh look at that
while beddings little pairs of boobs
that's cool I like that I've got an
hour's Skype call my therapist I like
blend into the bed I've got an hour
Scott called my therapist and I never
really like to do that in the office so
I tend to normally sit on the bed with
headphones and Skype her if any of you
guys have therapists don't think it's
weird
don't think it's strange it's cool it's
necessary helps your brain
just had a proper freshen up you know
and you just feel you feel like you need
a shower after a long day you feel like
you need a good shower and a good scrub
that's exactly how I felt this evening
to the point where I even washed my face
with like a scrub and every I never
really do that I think it's because I
had a look can you see this red red red
I think I had an allergic reaction
yesterday to the makeup that I put on my
face because I've gone like all blotchy
so I wanted to have a proper good scrub
a good moisturize and then it ended up
just getting fully in the shower and
having a good shower now a little fresh
not having that dinner I also haven't
had lunch you watching my vlog look at
your little waggy tail this your
favorite spot by the fire I don't know
how
apparently this posture only needs one
minute to cook I didn't probably extract
you guys the other day about
yes I didn't properly chat with you guys
the other day but when I went to go see
Harry Styles perform I can't even
describe what the audience was like it
was the most supportive inclusive
audience I have ever experienced in my
life like there was so much love in I
want to say the room in the venue it was
incredible
there was the most amount of rainbow
flags rainbow jumpers rainbow scarfs
rainbow everything I have seen in such a
compact space ever even more so than
being a bride German pride
Harry's support act I can't remember
their name I think it was Mona MOA go
out a blacklivesmatter thing was phoned
up and everyone was going crazy Harry
got a rainbow flag out himself and was
out dancing around the stage the message
that was pushed from that from that
performance I don't know who that energy
just everything was like unbelievable
everybody there in the room could feel
it everyone was showing that they could
feel it after Harry finished performing
a couple of songs he had a little chat
with the audience and he said my job
here tonight is to entertain you guys
for just over an hour and your job here
tonight is to be yourselves dance if you
wanna dance sing if you want to sing be
whoever you want to be tonight and be
proud and be happy and your that is what
people were doing the crazy thing is the
venue wasn't even that big like I think
it's like three or four thousand people
but it felt by the atmosphere the vibe
was just incredible and it really really
made me think it like kind of took me
back a little bit and made me realize
just how many people watch these vlogs
and and I'm proud to say I do this a lot
anyway but just how important it is for
me as somebody with such a big influence
on so many people watching these videos
to really really push a positives
message out there hear me believe that I
do that 110 percent of the time but
maybe I could push for 120 percent of
the time I don't know exactly I'm trying
to say but you get the gist of what I'm
trying to say in life you need to just
be yourself you need to express yourself
how you want to express yourself hold
yourself how you want to hold yourself
be who you want to be don't listen to
everyone else I know it's not always
easy I know it's hard but it's so
important that if we all do this with
all that together even if you like this
video gets I don't know six or seven
hundred thousand years maybe a million
views that is a million people that's a
mind-blowing number of people that is
just insane like the vibe that
atmosphere the amount of people that
that message that Harry gave up touched
in that room three and a half four
thousand people felt unbelievable and
then there's me chapter medical camera
in my kitchen was making pasta and this
could potentially affect like a million
people I've got a big responsibility to
to do better to do good to do great and
thank you Harry for reminding me to keep
pushing to keep supporting to keep
expressing there's a lot of work to be
done to make this this world and more
inclusive better place but if that's
what we want then we need to start
working just go into bed I've been
watching a couple of blogs catching up
on some youtube vids and now it's time
to watch season two stranger things I
absolutely loved season one I tried to
start watching season two the other day
watched about 20 minutes of episode one
and fell asleep on the sofa on the sofa
on the sofa because I was so tired
so now just like to start again so he's
just had a bath as well it's for
beau'ful fresh fresh sheets are they
Christmas pajamas the day after
Halloween were going straight to
Christmas hey you serious yes I love her
they look so cool
where are they from a sauce I love them
you know what stranger things what I do
want to end this vlog with guys is a I'm
saying this I don't have time but I'm
just gonna say it and do it I want to
put a time lapse into this video of me
building the lego tomorrow morning you
can help me out no I'm working no ha ha
the fly is back in here with this fly no
bedroom at the moment and it keeps on
going in here
and trapping itself and then it gets so
noisy in here I just had the double
Magnum Magnum double caramel my favorite
now why don't you go now because we've
seen yes Oh a shame no I don't have much
what's gonna make you jealous but I
don't know much myself
guys I'm gonna fill out my butcher in
the bathroom guys I'm gonna end this
vlog with a time-lapse tomorrow of me
building there let go thank you so much
everyone is giving it a thumbs up for
what the happy thank you so much
everybody's giving the video a thumbs up
who's already subscribed good and below
check out my merchandise and I'll catch
you catch in the morning
currently on step 47 out of 200 273 I'm
gonna leave the video here because I
don't want to just rush it and do it for
the sake of it I need to head to the
office crack on with today's work I've
woken up a really sore throat and I'm
going to finish this later on but I hope
you enjoyed the vlog if you did give it
a thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already and I'll catch you tomorrow kind
of today cuz I'm ending this the next
day I seat why good night guys
