good morning now as you know I haven't
vlogged for the last couple of days I've
still been filming things but I haven't
been able to upload them so I'm gonna
give you today a mismatch of a few
different days I lost a load of footage
I found a load of footage basically this
blog is gonna be a mix up of a few
different daily vlogs all put together I
have no idea how long it's gonna be I
have no idea of what time it might go
for my lunch on in one day to the next
day I have no idea tomorrow we'll be
back to completely normal daily vlogs 5
p.m. every single day and I am so so
excited so thank you so much for
sticking by I hope you enjoyed this
MIT's miss Mattie Mitchell matter of a
vlog I'm about to edit it now in fact
I've started at NIT already but I just
thought I'd run this clip to explain it
so enjoy the confusion that is bad to
ensue let's go back out finish my lunch
break I think I'm meeting like I've got
another 150 to do I've done 450 I've got
150 of you guys left to meet and oh just
realize I've got a green tea err I
completely forgot about my my team right
let's stop
so some of the last people call
themselves the Chompy thank you so much
for coming boys it's a chumpies on there
yeah and Logan is our ah thank you so
much for coming today guys hey I
promised a bunch of people that I've
covered the matter and they've been
waiting patiently so thank you so much
guys oh yeah they've given me Pete's
around but they think white who agrees
with me who doesn't so I prefer cold
beats lot B so basically they bought me
a beep sir and I said it doesn't matter
that it's cold because I preferred whole
group sir what do you think yes or no no
I'm not sure I do
yes cold no yes the meetup went awesome
such a good me in greeting book signing
and we've now just arrived at the train
station to get the train the long train
back home like a number for hours their
time is currently 416 and I don't think
I get home until like 9 or 10 o'clock
which is great journey but I've got
first-class tickets again they bought me
which is good of them so hopefully I can
get some food and stuff on the train
the god of one train and we're now
getting our source inside give you a
shout and down there we're now getting
on another train here this one hopefully
a bit longer the last one was at 20
minutes but I think this one is the cup
one all right so on the next train just
sorting out my new daily vlog got a
glass of red wine cup of tea banana
chocolate cake and cheese sandwiches and
how happy are you got beef sandwich and
you got crisps 90 day challenge tomorrow
these are gonna spill so bad we need to
treat those I just got back into London
now and that little journey that you saw
me do yesterday from one train station
to the other which is that 200 meter
journey the other train station is
literally just there and then I've got
an hour-and-a-half train now that to
Brighton oh my gosh I'm so tired
jeez I'm not gonna get home now to a
super late but it is a lovely day you
look a nice the weather is and through
there is where you go if you go into
Paris that's cool isn't it let you just
jump on the train to Paris
and I'm finally back home oh my gosh
like four and a half hours of train so I
didn't really explain what happened this
battery is about to run out in this
camera as well so get out of my house oh
my gosh nearly let me touch it that
little fly hello baby
have you missed me have you missed me
have you missed me I think missed me
anyways yes I went to get on the train
from simpang dress and and it said two
minutes to the train and then I started
talking to one of you guys that was
lovely if you're the guy that I spoke to
about mental health and how my videos
have helped a lot of people I spread
somebody that had he works for a mental
health company that works with improving
the NHS's schemes and things on mental
health and the stigma around mental
health and she just she was telling me
how miners of his videos really really
help a lot of people who are going
through tough times and have mental
health issues and she was just lovely
really really nice I was chatting to her
and it's a two minutes until my train
and then suddenly my train just went off
the board just gone and then I had an
announcement the trend of Brighton has
now been delayed by 58 minutes 58
minutes that's not delayed that's just a
whole nother train that is insane so
then I to get on the tube to Victoria
and then get another train from Victoria
to Brighton but anyways I'm now home and
it is ten minutes to nine and denial of
us kissing the guinea pigs dem guys are
not such a good little friends and I've
kind of more my voice my voice is still
quite sure I have no idea what I was
just saying the camera ran out of charge
the lighting in here looks pretty damn
rubbish let me turn the light on or
they'll probably it oh we're now blue
there we go look at this as well no he
hit nine million subscribers as I was
saying guys I've kind of got some it's
not bad news but it's it's not the best
news I don't know when the 90 day
challenge that I'm doing so far I've
done this many days let me count how
many days I've done 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 days I've eaten
healthy no chich√©n and you guys some of
you are like you shouldn't be crossing
off the Daisy waitin and O's ya said
this is what I'm addressing now and in
this this speech I just been on my video
and the comments and some people were
like or not something very very for you
but yeah and then some of you say that
I've had Nando's and things but you
don't know what's on my diet plan and
what I should be eating I should be
eating a ton of carbohydrates like I'm
not trying to lose weight I'm trying to
put on weight so sometimes when you guys
like but you had a Nando's I had a
quinoa salad with chicken with extra
chicken and rice that is like bloomin
good for me because I meant you putting
on weight anyways and so five done this
many days roots whatever we just counted
like 19 or something court remember and
then last night and I've been going to
the gym three days a week I've been a
lot more positive remember this isn't
just about me getting into better shape
and being healthy the majority of this
is about me being more positive doing
more work getting more work done being a
nicer person spending more time with
friends and family and Zoey whilst I'm
not working and stuff like that that is
the vast majority on the side a little
bit there is eating healthy and working
out so don't get fixated on the eating
healthy and working outside a bit but of
course I'm not but what I do need to be
honest about is I find it super super
hard to to eat well and work out whilst
I'm traveling for work so today I had a
book signing in Lincoln as you saw in
the vlog which meant last night I
arrived at the hotel after a four and
half hour train journey where I try to
eat healthy it didn't really work out
because it's such a long train journey
and I couldn't really get any proper
healthy food I then arrived at the hotel
hungry didn't have anything healthy so I
had a packet of crisps from chocolate
bar then this morning and like the event
stuff they're only the only food they
could give me was
sandwiches which isn't Gog's the bread
and then they crisps and chocolate not
for energy and a meeting you guys for
like four hours at a times I've got to
be hyped and energy sided green tea but
then I had done a packet of crisps as
well so what I'm basically saying is
that I don't have to say this because I
don't want you guys to be annoyed at me
I think this is I'm seeing this as a
positive a real positive and I'm not
joking I'm not just doing this because
of the comments that I've seen on
yesterday's video saying you failed
outfit you failed I think this is a real
positive I'm gonna start the 90-day
challenge again from tomorrow 90 more
days we did 19 I'm not going to cross
off the 31st or the 1st of September
because yesterday and today I did
everything else I was more positive I
got everything done I needed I still
managed to do my blog I said relate last
night uploaded it on time was a book
signing whilst having four and a half
hours of two four and a half hour train
journeys and everything but I did not
eat well and yeah it is my fault
but I went him at a book signing I can't
just go and think and somebody made me a
fresh quinoa salad with chicken please
the only things available what unhealthy
but I did eat them and I don't want to
say that I successfully did the day when
I didn't eat as good as I should off I
don't know how else we could have eaten
don't know how I could be in any better
so third thing is negative please don't
I'm seen as a real positive and I'm
really really gonna go for it this time
like I'm gonna try and food prep as much
as I possibly can that is about all I
have to say about that I hope you're
excited I'm really really excited to not
start again because we've done well I've
gone to the gym and moved my personal
trainer now I've worked out with him
something like 21 times so it's not like
I don't know I've been what do you think
I've been more positive yeah definitely
I haven't got like forceful angry over
anything like not I used to be some like
stress head but I used to just get
frustrated more easily than I dunno why
do I let yellow as well I think it's
this light above me hi there we go that
soma
better but yeah I just don't really get
frustrated about anything anymore I'm
just like well what it happened it is
what it is
can't change it now but yeah so we're
gonna start again tomorrow I'm gonna
wake up early I've got the gym at 8
o'clock so I'm gonna set my alarm
tonight for 7 o'clock 7 a.m. and then
I'm gonna make up my breakfast ah we
don't have any milk do we we do actually
yes ok I can't do my breakfast and then
I'm gonna gonna just smash the day we're
gonna do it got the gym 8:00 a.m.
dentists a half 10 yeah I'm excited I'm
gonna do it the block I'm gonna end it
here thank you so much for watching I
will catch you tomorrow as usual and
I'll see tomorrow give me a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it
good morning guys I mean that made a bid
the most high pitch one we've ever done
yet I know that you don't know it just
came out my mouth I'm so tired
I woke up about 45 minutes ago tried to
stay awake as best as I possibly could
and just had to go back to sleep and I
set alarms every 10 minutes so that I
was still not like in a deep sleep so
that when I wake up I'm not old like
groggy and and all you didn't grumpy and
tired and the time is currently quarter
to eight I've got ed my personal trainer
picking me up at 8 to go to the gym and
I'm just so tired it is the last gym
session he goes to LA tomorrow for a
month so I got to get up now and get
ready for the gym quickly and then I
need to be a quick breakfast damn the
sky looks so lovely it looks like such a
nice day out the window
Hey
I am back from the gym and I've just
been to the dentist and picked up a load
of new braces and a new toothpaste the
parent is really really good don't know
what it is maybe you guys might use it
juror fat 2,800 ppm fluoride toothpaste
and I now off to the doctor's because my
throat is still really really sore
not my chest the first time in ages I've
got a taxi outside so I've got to be
super super quick so mean are in the car
now and it is saying that we have this
much better laughter you ready it's done
if you can see that literally zero miles
left no petrol there's so much traffic
and we have no petrol we just went to
one petrol station and it was closed
because now he's like oh god say no no
it doesn't matter they're filling on
with petrol for us that's good of done
we're now on the way to try and get
petrol from another petrol station but
we're really bad I think I'm going crazy
about traffic like I can feel my car
giving up unlikely gives up now I don't
there's no way to put over there's no
like sides of the road like you can't
you'll make you feel anxious you can't
go anyway there's over to park we're
going up the road are we gonna make it
what do you think the car does not feel
good I mean we're so close though we're
so good to the petrol station oh my god
the car is not good I
feeling like it's like really struggling
I love it it's right here petrol
stations right here is it yeah
no Cameron go and carry on going please
never let me do this again yeah you need
to fill up more regularly here we go
imagine if it ran out now pulling in
go-go-go likes my pet robot I have no
idea this is your car
there we go I wish petrol stations were
like in America you can do this and then
you just let go and it stays fling
itself up over here we have to hold it
for like ten million hours look at this
literally it's draining the bank account
it's just drinking all my money
good morning guys and welcome back to a
daily vlog I haven't daily vlogs in a
couple of days I am so so sorry but I am
back log in now and it is all good
we're just journeying back Zoe a night
forum that being a Zoe's dad's the
weather is beautiful outside the sun is
shining I don't know I'm just showing
you in front of us yeah I'm kind of
starting this blog I just said good
morning and it's like 5 o'clock or
something ridiculous it is so so late
and I'm so sorry also I hate vlogging in
Zoe's mini because I I can't put the
camera in a good angle so I just have to
have it here but yeah how you do it I've
missed you guys I've missed talking to
the camera I've missed reading all your
comments and seeing all your screenshots
of little bits from my videos from when
I'm weird and everything I missed you
and I'm glad I'm glad I'm back I've had
a good few days look at it
damn that is nice Carl show you in here
can you see the car behind us guys
oh you can't believe there we go look at
that look at that look how cool that is
we are on the way back home right now I
am in a super super good mood if you
haven't already been able to tell all
you saying
to get a second song no 2nd album coming
out soon
what was I gonna say I had something to
tell you
let me tell you look at this guy Joe get
down boy
there we go like really far away places
like subscribers would really enjoy
seeing this like I just said taffy like
oh look at this look at this please stop
something under Yukon looks like the tar
did you see that
no just cool stuff like that is in the
places like this this is just tiny
little energy rooster Joe's done around
here and probably literally well it's
kind of just like Harry Potter's House
by that kind of road that's what it's
like around here like look in front of
us it's just tiny that without village
roads look at this guy's look how
beautiful these woods are it looks so
cold
imagine like morning jogs in here come
on guys I'm literally about to wet
myself about to pull over Zoe take my
vlogging camera tell them what we're
doing so we pulled over because Alfie
needed a tinkle this is a new thing that
happens no one can see you even black
bushes over there every time a car goes
past my car shakes a hurry about me not
gonna lie that was one of the best ways
I've ever had
someone's ringing Minnie my mum if just
guys know it doesn't know yeah so he's
friend just been looking after I said
Zoe's friend my friend too
I've been looking after not but she's
hopefully gonna be we're finally home
after trillion zillion million Julianne
hours of driving we're finally back guys
I've decided as well after months of
growing my hair and it's not because of
comments like some of you comment said
I'll be please get your haircut again
and then everyone is like don't be
horrible to help if you were to go ahead
let them guys it is not due to any of
the comments no it's just to to me
realizing how long it's gonna take to
carry on growing my hair the length I
want I'm gonna get my hair cut this week
coming up this week coming the hair is
gonna get chopped I'm still gonna have
it like messy long but I'm gonna get it
charged oh baby do you need a drink
do you want a drink come and then let's
get you a nice cold drink
