good morning guys I haven't blogged
properly in like two days now so it is
good to be back I'm on a brand new
camera you know the camera that I bought
like probably two weeks ago now I'm
using it for the very very first time so
I hope the quality is different I hope
it is a bit better because this camera
was bloomin expensive so let me know in
the comments if it's better my throat if
you're wondering is absolutely ruined
because I've had a sore throat for like
a week and a half now and then at the
wedding that I went to it was Stephen
Alexia's wedding Steve booger I was
singing and dancing and speaking people
the entire day we're not dancing during
the waiting that'd be weird
I was talking to people the entire day
singing and dancing all night and my
throat is just ruined like oh my gosh
it's got better it was worse than what
it is now it is improving but what we
haven't done because I'm logged in a
while is ticked off my 90-day challenge
so I need to tick it off
also I should let you guys know that my
personal trainer ed this Thursday is
going away for a month to LA so I don't
know how I'm gonna do working out I'm
gonna have to just you are definitely
not my trainer I'm gonna have to our
guys remarks what I possibly can it's
going to be hard without him not gonna
lie it's gonna be super super hard but I
need to do it and commit and I will do
it I want to go minimum three times a
week he's gonna send me my workout
routine and planned I've been doing and
I'm gonna try and continue it by myself
with my friend max or God my mom or my
sister or Zoey you're gonna come that
means no right let's cross this off
Friday done Saturday done Sunday was
yesterday I did that now today is Monday
the last day and then we change over to
September or this is why should like my
birthday in here
birthday so good a few exciting things
happening today first one being Zoey is
less than a thousand subscribers away
from 9 million I swear in all your daily
vlogs
you always hit a different million and
then we always like you always like that
we've both dancing I know your videos
what well then yeah it felt serving to
me
whoa where's that thing in your phone
this is Zoey's current subscribers eight
million nine hundred ninety nine
thousand and seventy six that is
unbelievable about to hit nine million
and then also today we are celebrating
my dad's birthday because it is my dad's
birthday tomorrow but as you'll see
later on in today my gosh my voice I am
going up to Lincoln tonight because
tomorrow for you guys I am doing a book
signing in Lincoln which I am so excited
for I think I'm meeting like five six
seven or eight hundred of you or
something either up there and it's going
to be sick but because I'm going to be
in Lincoln on my dad's birthday we're
gonna go for a lunch today and celebrate
his blood alcohol that reminds me I need
to go and wrap a weight someone just
text me I need to wrap his birthday
present so bad so we've got to leave in
14 minutes bye we have to leave in 14
minutes
I brought my dad's birthday presents I
quickly I bought my dad a couple of
different presents and I can't tell you
what they are because I'm giving them
today and and this obviously goes up
tomorrow so present number one was I got
him a suit you know when Zoey and I -
the launchers go off by themselves and
not as are we now get back on what look
at this
because they go they're not dimmer ones
oh is it because I've got it on Dean
yeah I honesty it's like broken they're
going on and off by themselves I for I
was magic news as I was walking across
the different sides of the room anyways
and also this piece around here last
night was not mine it was always I had a
chicken salad with sweet potato chips so
still healthy don't worry
that piece was not mine down there and
yeah so my dad and I went and got suits
recently as you've seen in the vlogs and
on Instagram some of that for Steve's
wedding so I bought him a suit which was
his very very main lefty president I've
I've told him I'm going to get him a
nice tailored suit ages and then I also
bought him 2x a little present Zoe has
also gotten the present but that's all
you apt so I can't show you what it is
it is a massive candle and it's one his
favorite candle company he loves my dad
loves like candles and wait don't write
in it yet I'm gonna add to it or I've
got my own car by just want to make sure
see whose is better I have for my god so
presents that I've got him just to open
on the day because of course he already
has his suit so I got in these two
things here number one now this may be a
little bit pushy just because I work out
but I want him to start working out so I
going some look how nice these gym shoes
are today's blog may be a hard one
because my voice is hurting it hurts so
much anyways these are the shoes that I
bought my dad I think they were really
really cool some really nice gym shoes
Sophie he'll like them and he's gonna
what am I doing this like that he's
going to start working out with me and
that's another person who can work out
of me my dad and then I got in this here
as a little joke just because me and dad
always have a joke about Adventure Time
so these are some Adventure Time tattoo
pack so you go the lower Adventure Time
tattoos which I just thought was cool
did you bind that as well what oh that's
nice and you've already made it for him
as well that's really thoughtful we're
keeping it for me
Jamie that's from Joan Zoe's video this
camera and I'm not really used to it yet
but I thought I'd trade the prism that
Zoe got my dad it is wrapped so well
look at that well hmm that is insane
gangster rap yeah that's cool and now
I've got to try and recreate that over
here which is just going to fail as
about to use this normal sellotape here
but then so it's just reminded me that
we've got little polka sellotape little
dancing ponies let go keep that is more
weight over this way or slow do it this
way
that looks pretty damn good right have
no idea how to wrap this because Larry's
outfit guys you have to rate it from one
to ten in the comments I think at 10
look at this you have more nail colors
and ages I like you back heavy ok school
his presence in it
have you got the card in there perfect
thank you break your leg right you're
gonna break your it got well watch me
nae nae kill it must be Nene watch me
nae nae right we are just coming into
stammer park at the moment guys which is
where we're going for lunch for my dad's
birthday my grandma is going to be there
papi and Shawn are gonna be there my mom
and of course my dad Nala is at home I
tell him if they bring a bus
maybe it's dog friendly so they could be
ringing buzz and then after this I've
got to rush home and get on the train
and get my button I'll shoot a ball
camera there's nice left it's a normal
happy camera guaranteed you wanna pop
you will have cover thank you thanks so
much
Roy's been down you've got a nine nine
one nine nine seven
yo exactly 9 million yeah I think I got
so crazy
nine million nine million hey Zoey guess
what guess what nine million and
subscribers so put up your effing
lighters I was gonna say nine million my
grandma does she wear yeah I was gonna
say literally does smell on my grandma
right I need to get my jack off somehow
this is a good angle as now you mean
about the colour the colour of this new
camera dies is seems a little bit less
vibrant I look quite dull the colour and
this new camera doesn't seem as good I
honestly thought that was a box then but
it's too little dogies the colour
doesn't seem as good I see him quite
dark let me know in the comments what
you think of this new camera I can
always switch back to my old one I just
want to try it out did you get any good
pictures get a good picture
did you actually there are limits Oh
Matt that dog is the shortest legs any
dog I've ever seen
watch it walk yeah
we're killing I watch me nae nae okay
now watch me where where watch me watch
me
fun fact of the day apparently if cows
are laying down it means that it's gonna
rain this field here is full of cows but
you can't see them because they're
laying down which apparently means it
has been arranged there we go we're back
home and I've just packed up all my
stuff into a little bag for tomorrow the
book signing I'm not going to see you
for a little while in a100
as well come here let's have a fight
where she says if it come here what are
you doing boy boy I just spoke to the
train station now go like 20 minutes to
go into my train luckily I've never got
a train - I'm going now I didn't even
know you can I'm going to basic Kings
crossing Pancras I didn't know you could
even do that from Brighton
all get made it onto tree number one I
think I only have two trains to get so
it doesn't really I'm not likely to be
late for another train now because I've
got this one and then it goes straight
into the station where the next one is
nothing about half now wait all good
news dunno something good I didn't put
these tickets oh because it means this
we are now approaching lanterns of
Pancras International I like to hear
London Underground I have got like 12
minutes to get my next Hey
I've no idea where I'm going the last
was at the station always take the
stairs it's quicker the last one was at
this station I was going to Paris
Missouri that's all I know
oh my god this station is hinging
no idea where I am going I think I'm
going to go up here guys a platform one
two three or four I don't know where
that is
jeez these are high ceilings
is everything here there's even a John
Lewis my throat is still so sore I
should be walking so the two guys that
told me it was up here that for one two
more completely wrong it's in another
station across the road below my neck
literally gonna miss this okay there's
devastation across the road : happy you
got this you've been working out 90 day
challenge no giving up I have no idea if
I made it or not all I know is I just
got here and then x1 is that 1906 so I
just sprinted so and I've got that 20
minutes then I'm dead
just sat down in my seat now guys Oh
made the Train finally I thought I
missed it but I didn't this first class
is so much better than the previous
class class we've got like massive big
old seats cups of tea little menu for
food and charging sockets as well I'm
happy and tonight we have got don't the
dorm or and it's good a Thai green curry
so let's just sit here eat my Thai green
curry and then first of all one man
comes along and asked me for a drink
toward head like hogs and sprites and
loads of delicious drinks unfortunately
I can't drink because my chest so I've
got a cup tea which is lovely
so got in common tea down here and then
another man came along and is like which
sandwich do you want to up the art aid
you want cheese and mozzarella and stuff
and I'm like this is too tempting I've
already got Thai green curry but I can't
say though so I just got a fool of me
good look at me out
and then he was out okay let me give you
some biscuits your teeth too much
biscuits this isn't for free my way and
then some sponge it or your sponge cake
and some sea salt little crisps
this best classes defense
with one of the arrow I've been in
dealing with monoliths in order to talk
to the station my gosh thank you but the
girl without 2001 103 journey I mean
it's been good on a reminder Becca you
will get away the trip to Japan the bed
and Africa because Leo had you I need to
edit the daily vlog first gotta go miss
la tour and meeting you guys as you know
when I do events like this I have a
security guy travel with me called Silas
and he is waiting for me here
he's informed me that there's a ton of
you guys waiting somehow knew I was
coming in now so how the hell do I store
eyes and I just arrived in my lovely
Haute of my gosh with my hair my lovely
hotel room I've got a big old bed and
I've got one of these little weird
things I never know these like Chevron
whatever they are well you like lay down
like some sexy covergirl posing and yeah
that's cool meeting a load of you guys
at the transition thank you so much for
comment it was strange because everybody
at the transitioned I spoke to couldn't
get tickets for tomorrow because they
sold out so quick that is just insane
like you guys are crazy
anything I've ever done you sell out
within like half an hour or something
like it is absolutely insane the support
you guys give me so I just want to take
a moment say thank you so much honestly
doesn't go unnoticed and every single
time I do an event or I go somewhere or
I meet you guys it makes me so happy and
I just love meeting you and that's why
I'm traveling for hours on the train
each way to come and meet 600 of you
tomorrow so good so so again right I
need to unpack apparently this free
Wi-Fi here which makes me very very
excited I also really really interested
to see what this video quality is like
because this is still the first day that
I'm using my new camera and I have no
idea what the quality is like I can't
get a jumper off so let me know again
like I said earlier in the comments
whether this quality is better or worse
I feel like I don't from what I'm seeing
now it doesn't look very much like it
looks more clear here the focus looks a
lot better on the camera but if the
color doesn't look as like vibrant as my
normal camera like I look very dull but
I don't know if that's just me maybe I
just I'll see it looks different
afterwards once put on my laptop but I'm
gonna have a wee-wee in my toilet just
there and then I don't know all I did
tweet saying the one thing I'm excited
to do is jump up and down on the bed
which I am so let me take all my stuff
out my pockets I know my head so low
look my head touches the ceiling right
I'll have my celebratory hotel bed
jumping I'm going far away I'm gonna end
my vlog here guys thank you so much
watching today I hope you did enjoy it
if you did give it a big old thumbs up
if you're excited that I'm back daily
vlogging off to a couple of days off to
give the video a thumbs up as well and
yes I will catch you tomorrow
literally I will catch the review
because you're going to run up and hug
me tomorrow but yeah I'll see you
tomorrow of a new daily vlog I forgot to
bring the charge of this camera so I've
also got my old normal vlogging camera
with me as well so tomorrow's vlog might
be a mix of the two the two cameras
anyways
I'll catch you tomorrow well that looks
weird thank you so much watching guys I
love you so much and I'll see you
tomorrow
I'm probably really annoying everyone in
the rooms next to me night
