good morning god I'm actually being
serious what happened to my voice okay
it's gonna live with bed now basically
as you know I didn't vlog yesterday I
went to a wedding I sung a lot danced a
lot and my voice is completely gone you
have it address it
I also I've got a nose drip on which is
meant to remove blackheads and spots
from your nose I don't really know what
I'm going to vlog today because my voice
sounds like this and it this is that
just got better than what it was this
morning it just hurts so much when I
speak so instead of daily vlogging today
I'm probably just gonna film this little
pamper session from Zoey
so Zoey is currently given me a passion
okay so and now instead for this bit I
hate the eyebrows I never ever let Zoey
pluck my eyebrows because I am so
pathetic the middle bits fine is when
you get under the eyebrow that I cannot
stand I mean this is the most manly
video I've ever put up
look at me I'm trying to get my mono
brow plucked whilst I've got a nose drip
on it what am i doing why am i filming
this my throat also hurt so bad I've got
a little Nala down here somewhere on me
I'll let you look like I've been beaten
up or something
I've got massive bags because we stayed
out so late last night in the night and
I'll get a taxi all the way home from
the wedding and it looks like I've got a
broken nose I don't guys it's no strip I
think I'm just gonna take a few from
under here but not too much because
you've got man eyebrows and I don't want
it to look like you've actually had your
eyebrows I've got a double man eyebrows
they're so thick yo
that hurts so bad that literally feels
like you just pulled something that went
out my head it did fill out your head oh
my god I couldn't even shout because my
voice now I don't really honestly I'm
being it prove it out your whole class I
know if you keep me
eyebrows are done though didn't really
take much from the bottom or anyway it's
just the middle hair right what's next
on your list no oh my god plucking bid
have it hurts so much
next is I guess hi Leon yeah yo if you
don't know what no strip is it's like a
thing that you sit down it's all wobbly
and then it dries really hard and as you
pull it off in like cause your
blackheads out of your nose so in here
it's supposedly stuck blackheads but
there are some yeah that's a couple
isn't that mm-hmm I mean this is just a
nice video isn't it this is a nice blog
face masked I'm doing a little cleanse
and cleanse of my face oh my gosh that's
so cold do you wash your face every day
Alfie why are you even saying that do
you
I'm oyster eyes my face every day twice
a day you wash it I mean it gets wet in
the shower no we're not making me was
happenin here I'm paying oh my god that
was close to my eyeball oh my god
hi gel pack what is that
hi Pat hi gel patch exactly what is that
I look like I've been punched under the
eyes if I had these on and then I also
had the nose too but I'm literally that
like I've just come up Hospital yeah you
would okay these are to moisturize
underneath your eyes and since you had
quite a late night last night I think it
will be and what face mask for those of
those people wondering those of those
manual motioned wondering this is a
Perricone MD chloroplast ma it's quite
pricey but it's really good like you'll
see in a minute how good this is is this
just like painting no no no you don't
need a face mask get away for I didn't
even think about that then is this just
like painting
as a fly has just landed on my head get
the word is it stuck oh gosh so these
things under eyes you know when you see
people with cucumbers yeah it's kind of
doing the same thing right now
yeah probably way more beneficial than a
glaucoma ma9 is barking at the pedigree
my adverb because there's a dog on the
screen
whilst I'm waiting for this to dry we're
going to watch part of The X Factor that
was on last night but because I was at
the wedding I didn't get to watch at I'm
super excited seen it Grimshaw that
looks so pleasing just wife in the green
away coming off it won't come out my
beard it's one of the worst also we're
still watching The X Factor guys we've
just seen man and woman who are oh it's
all inside your nose now my favorite oh
you literally picking my nose on video
this video is just too good
everything is office my voice oh my god
also this woman cotton for a name this
woman here is killing it she's so sick
she's so sick right what we doing now
I'm just making sure I got all the face
mask on
so cleanse and again yeah now I'm adding
an acid serum that sounds painful
acid in my face it's not it's an
exfoliator five minutes later and we're
now doing the last thing which is a
moisturizer I believe yeah
five it smells good I feel um never
really okay
I'm just doing whatever so he says this
is a zoella pamper session I've been
tweeting pictures along the way as well
my throat I dunno does anyone know how I
can make my throat any better it has
been sore for a week but now it's just
like ruined
what's that way when it was faster and
it's laughing so bad
Oh
guys this is the lip balm we just used
sugar advanced therapy lip treatment
also you know I got my new camera like a
week ago it's running and I still
haven't used it I'm going to start using
it in tomorrow's vlog okay I'm gonna
look all the settings tonight and I'm
going to start using it
so hopefully starting tomorrow we also
can have better quality videos which I'm
excited about
hopefully my throat be better as well I
need to edit my new main channel video
that I filmed with marks know me that
would have went up last night for you
guys are you doing I thought as a tack
source like right I hope you enjoyed
this little mismatched allure hand
possession I'm sorry that it isn't a
problem Roget just hurts so much to
speak so I don't want to vlog too much
today
but I still wanted to give you a video
I'm going to edit now I hope you enjoyed
my new main channel video I'll leave a
link to it down below if you haven't it
out yet right
I'll catch you tomorrow the new daily
vlog oh my god my voice good bye
