good morning guys
how you doing today you having a good
day you having a good day I'm having
such a productive day I'm feeling so
much better energy wise I am still yet
to have a better throat my throat is
still really really really sore but oh
well I'm getting on and I'm just just
ignoring it as much as I possibly can
it hurts but I ignore it anyways today I
got up half past seven and I've just
been to the gym for like two and a half
hours and then after the gym which was a
super super good session I did shoulders
and back I then on the way home when the
garden and Oz so it is lunchtime when
I'm starting this video I'm sorry that
it is so late the time is 11:30 -
remember I used to wake up at 11:30 like
I used to start my vlogs at this kind of
time that is I can't imagine starting
videos this late anymore like I don't
know I don't know I'm a I'm a different
person I'm a new person
yes oh yeah I've got limited me do my
Nando's hall and Nando's Hall in here I
have got some lemon and herb chicken
thighs I have got some spicy rice I have
got some medium chicken and then I've
also got a delicious quinoa salad which
is my absolute favorite from Nando's and
that is there today is a beautiful day
it's so nice outside I just saw on
Twitter that my sister went for a
walking on the beach this morning which
is very very productive maybe she took
baths it is time to do the crossing off
okay then let's see where we're up to
yesterday was Thursday the 27th let's
cross it off
done oh my gosh we're getting somewhere
guys 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 days when I started this 90-day
challenge I thought it was gonna take
forever
it's going so so quickly do not agree do
not think that the last 16 days have
literally gone like this like just got
like what if the last 16 days gone I
don't know right I need to eat my
chicken before it gets cold I then need
to jump in the shower get changed and
get going with the day I've got the
busiest day today where's my phone in
the entire world I wrote down a list of
things I need to do and it is next-level
it is I've got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
things to do today
not including the gym 11 oh my gosh
alright guys I'm just going to town and
instantly I let you have a taxi and
bumped into like 30 of you guys like
straightaway I'm now up to I'd stupidly
got a taxi to church and ass we're
thinking that's what probably in Shawn
where is that to our meeting
turns out they're not they're in the
ladies so for like a 10-minute walk but
I have made a shopping list you guys
know I love my lists I've made a list of
everything I need that I can't forget
anything there no one like I'll go home
and forget
guys this little squirrel over here and
it's so chilled no come on no way I
don't know if they can see that look at
this square look at it I so what it's
gone is off is that we're trying to
decide how man named yeah there is big
oil for sale in this shop and I mean I
think I think my stubble was at a point
now where I need some oil I don't know
why I don't know what it does but I'm
gonna ask and I might have to get it not
quite ready for a comb yet it's not that
long
so just bumped into Ruby and Henson who
both got my books with them the other
one as a reason thank you so much girls
that's so cool
so the aim of today was to get dad a
birthday present
I've already gotten one at home and so
he's also got in one but I wanted to get
something a little extra and I can't
find anything
we've been literally everywhere and I
can't find oh no this is a good shot
this here might find something in here
yes Jane was just got a new book out
guys
everyday super food I need that slogan
buy it all right let's go buy that that
will help me do my 90 day challenge
Jamie's new book and now it is Hey and
now it is time to jump in a taxi in head
home other such lovely weather honey if
I need to go back and edit the daily
vlog haven't done that yeah and it's
nearly 4:00 well it's just this guy just
brilliant
it's lovely no no should we go play
let's go play give me it give me it give
me a do this one nutter give me it oh my
god Mingo all right just finished away
edited that you've nobs everything in my
emails everything like that for today
and I am now all I do knits Dorcas
got my door keys and I am now off
boggling which as you will know if you
know me well is one of my favorite
things ever me puppy and Shaun England
bowling oh that's number okay can't even
open my own front door oh that smells
outside vilest footballing today might
have a lovely evening
have you just survived at the boat left
to do some bowling boy is dead for a
Saturday I thought this place was gonna
be the business in the world damn it we
can't go on the little bumper car things
minigolf I want to come back into
adventure go now you don't have to wear
shoes but every time I win I'm wearing
the shoes and everybody says I only won
because I wore the shoes no I don't want
to be wearing laces I'm still like
you're sick somewhere in belt growth
you're not going to wear the shoes
that's fine
written by the Whitney someone would
steal then copy saw in this out turns
with my shoes on
there we go you ready wear your shoes on
have you bought your shoes at all that's
not an excuse if you lose weight were
you in for that matter there's no
barriers on at the moment are we doing
it without barriers do you want barriers
they focus Barry right the barriers are
out Shaun Scott is ball I've got my two
balls down here strike yo that's what
I'm talking about that's what I'm
talking about y'all first go strike
Alfie
yeah
show any boys up
Oh strike nine strike gone papi
go and get the bounce get them out you
got that right
the hardest move they're right on
opposite sides
it's not repair they got a free shot
it's not you're not strike
my father's go Bobby hasn't had a strike
or a spare yet
oh my gosh yeah you good at the end is
my last go Soph I've got 95 points and
then it's strike
I wanna go well override
my net you want to cry now is the worst
taste of my entire life
why did why why did I try in the bowel
around the camera I was like around my
camera
I got 121 Sean's last bowl of the game
come on
so I bought two games by the overall
scores
I got onion 21 probably got 73 and sugar
110 you got the next game we've got a
whole new fresh game let's do this this
game will be to try and just do some
cool tricks
like I'm I don't know any good what walk
or something we've been shot
all right
that was the worst decision in the world
we hit three pins I'm gonna get a really
light ball and try my fingers won't even
fit in this one and I'm gonna try and
vlog and wobble at the same time yo that
wasn't too bad
look what papi got yo how happy so happy
you guys drive look at the different
things you just got my try and do some
funny trick shots poppy stars playing
well bother you starts playing well and
starts win it no I should just go strike
okay right I'm gonna have to start
playing properly just got two strikes at
their own smart you know he's so happy
look at that
very large now I have to do good I have
to get three more points four more
points to pop in strike mundo the number
wise okay got two more goes 101
papi you're go
for me lost
and Shawn look how happy is jugs can you
get yo I got this don't even test me
in
dammit Oh against I know shorts go come
on papi is so competitive I used to play
Super Monkey Ball on my TS every day
seconds nine eight seven
time's up up the stats Baptist soon
thinking eat a minion to try and win one
for dad's birthday this one this one's
even harder ok let's get that yellow guy
here's 1 pound 20 Bobby's gone fast
who you know for that woman yes Bobby
but let me try
look at that
these machines are rubbish
Oh oh my god oh my god oh my god no
we still got one more go right let me
join pop he may not have won the bowling
guys but what she did win was dad this
is it actually Rianna that's sick let me
see oh look at this like it's buzz
Lando's number 2 of today quinoa salad
second one of the day we'll check him
probably got bean pitter the pair of
chefs I have also got some hairy chips
on their way Sean just wet nutty and got
a wing roulette you know you're not
gonna enjoy that as soon as you hit
anything part of the medium you're not
gonna enjoy it
I know guide yeah we'll see
I'll keep returning the camera on and
off as you hit a hot one
as I get my guys I am officially all
tucked up into bed now thank you so much
for watching today I hope he did enjoy
it just smashed Hernando's to nato's in
one day that is ridiculous
and I still cannot believe that papi
thought of everybody
leather and just in jumbo anybody but
papi won that toy that is crazy right
I'm gonna get sleep now because I've got
to be up super early tomorrow and or I
should let you know that I'm not
vlogging tomorrow and the reason I'm not
vlogging tomorrow is because it is my
friend Steve Booker you guys all know
Steve
it is his wedding and I'm so excited as
you know I got my new suit the other day
so I won't be vlogging that of course
because it's his wedding and I'm not
gonna blog his wedding that would just
be strange so yeah we understand I'm
gonna take the day off and I'll be
straight back to normal daily vlogging
straight away afterwards
oh also just before I go I should let
you guys know I've tweeted about it a
few times so I'm sure a lot of you
already know but maybe not everybody I
am so excited to say that I am gonna be
at the magna carta festival it will be
my first time that if you don't know
what this is it is an 800 year old
festival that is bloomin old eight
hundred year old and it is about freedom
and independence so basically they've
invited me along and I'm going to be
doing a book signing there which is
really really cool so I know a load of
you guys I come in because I tweeted a
link and learned have you got an a
ticket to come along and of course as
usually the ticket is only the price of
the book so you're not paid to meet me
or somebody should text me my mom but
you're paying for the price of the book
and then I'll sign and you'll get to
hang out with me and stuff like that the
festival is a 10-day Arts Festival and
it is happening in Lincoln which I don't
think I've been to Lincoln before I
don't think I have it's quite far away
and I'm really really excited not only
just for the festival and to go to the
Lincoln were never been also to meet as
usual a ton of you guys and if any of
you guys like poetry we would love to
see
your poetry so I will leave a link down
below to festival 800k UK and you can go
check it out go to that link down below
have a look at it I'm gonna be at the
festival I'm super super excited to meet
so many of you and it's just gonna be
fun another opportunity for me to travel
across the country and just to meet a
ton of you guys it's gonna be cool I'm
really excited and it's so soon I
haven't even told you what it is sorry
I'm like half asleep I'm probably not
even making sense it is on the 1st of
September I'll leave a link down below
to all the details and everything
anyways guys I'm gonna go to sleep now
thank you so much for watching today I
hope you enjoyed it and I will catch you
I won't catch you tomorrow because the
wedding I will catch you the day after
tomorrow Sunday and there will also be a
new main channel video with marks know
me it's gonna be good right I'll catch
you then good give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it let's see how many
thumbs up we can get night
