good morning guys so as you will have
seen yesterday I took the day off of
vlogging because I literally spent this
was me yesterday the entire day just
laying in bed just relaxing because I
felt super super ill like I knew the
owners ill the end of the daily vlog
before yesterday the one that went up
yesterday no the day I'm getting
confused
the most recent vlog I put up at the end
of it I would say I'm feeling really
really ill I just really rundown and
weak and then I woke up and I was like
wow I literally cannot move without my
entire body hurting and my throat still
really hurts now like I think I've got a
sore really sore throat but I'm taking
like soothers or whatever those throat
pills are called and stuff and just
trying to just spend as much time
relaxing as possible and just recovering
and just not doing too much I said from
today is an exciting day so I took the
whole of yesterday out and thank you so
much for appreciating that because
yesterday it she spent the entire day in
bed relaxing and just recovering and
doing nothing at all and now today we're
back to vlogging I'm still not feeling
100% but I'm probably feeling about 78%
which is good enough to vlog so today we
are off to London I say we this is me
and you although my sister is actually
coming with me but she's got she's my
puppies got a meeting in London so we're
gonna get the train together she's going
to go to her meeting and then who is at
the door
delivery man the puppy is gonna go to
our meeting and then I am going to go
and hang out with marks to know me and
I've never ever been to their new place
yet I say new they moved in probably
like four months ago and I've never been
that is so bad so today I'm going to go
there we're gonna shoot some videos and
then I'm gonna go pick up my suit you
know when I tore my suit on the other
day of my dad finally it is ready and we
get to try it out because obviously it's
been at tailored and like all fitted to
our bodies so dad and I are gonna go and
try on our finished suits today and then
pick them up I'm super excited today
it's gonna be a good day I've just got
to got to stay well got to stay well the
aim is to not get more poorly or so I
need to cross this thingy off
so yesterday was what knows it yesterday
it was Tuesday I didn't cross off in my
vlog because I didn't blog yesterday so
Tuesday I complete it and then yesterday
was Wednesday now I don't really know
what to do about this one this is
because I just spent the day in bed so
the I wasn't like yes I was positive and
I did everything that I could but I
didn't work out I had takeaway for
dinner it like wasn't too bad I had like
chicken and stuff by the takeaway I
didn't go to the gym I didn't get up
there because because I was ill so I
don't really know what to do because I
was as productive and everything as I
possibly could be so I suppose I need to
cross it off I just feel annoyed that I
got ill and it kept me in bed so I'm
gonna still tick it off because
obviously I couldn't I couldn't help
being ill so that's Wednesday but I
don't know that is that's the worst
crossing off Alfie
all right guys we're at Brighton station
what platform okay that puppies nervous
she thinks we're gonna miss it look at
her running ahead she's literally why
you asking we've got five minutes we
will get a seat it's middle of the day
we've got five minutes trying these
obvious I think she's Usain Bolt
sprinting ahead I'm not anywhere anymore
as of my 90 day so I'm always on time
yeah it doesn't look too hopeful to see
pretty busy ah I know is it summer
holidays damn it although I say it's
summer holidays it is chucking it down
with rain outside it's hardly so much so
we just wait a bit Toria now I have no
idea where I'm going
all I know is I've completely forgot to
vlog since I've been here so far Marcus
has eaten six bowls of almonds and a tub
okay oh no that's just you Marcus's love
with it he's also ordered some of these
some bad some bad food for later anyways
no he's doing a makeup over there we're
about to shoot some videos just a laptop
how much you love it let's see it
compared to yours this is even funnier
hold up this 117 it no she does it she
can't carry it around anywhere though no
she does it yeah it's not allowed in
hand luggage it's so big yeah is 17 inch
laptop you know it was good to watch
films on there nothing else this morning
because he's got a case that's a small
clock just in case you need to tell the
time as well put some batteries in it
we're finished filming all of the videos
I was so good and film one for my
channel one for Marx's which is gonna go
up in six months and then one for name
is rich is going up on Sunday so keep
your eyes out for know me shadow
marketers I'm not sure when I'll be up
nice going up next week on Marx's
channel we did a yoga channel a yoga
channel a yoga challenge for now it
means we literature we were that good we
did all three of us doing yoga and it
was so so like so good twice yeah it's
really really good not got to go now I'm
meant to be meeting my dad and poppy in
six minutes
oh yeah I don't even know we're meant to
meeting them but I've no idea
that's good
after being stuck on the tube for like
half an hour literally just stood still
for half now because there was somebody
was having an issue on the tube or
something I'm not quite sure what it
just had to stop the half an hour I'm
finally out and now at 45 minutes later
I was going to go to be 10 minutes late
but find the outside Burberry and poppy
and dad are in there now so get finally
hey guys that suit looks real good show
them your suit dad looking gorgeous
looks nice right minded in here Alfie
deyes let's try it on and here we go
boom my first ever tailored suit
we come outside and there's a rainbow
look how cool that is
this looks delicious my son turned up
snow on the side alright guys I'm
finally back home I feel like it's like
midnight but it's not it's only half
past ten in fact now it must be later
than that I just had a shower it's 10
minutes to 11
I've just had a shower feeling all
refreshed and nice
Lala's here with us in the bed a new
baby and Zoey's as well oh my nipple was
out for about that and sorry as well
he's in bed did you have a good day
productive yeah so it's super busy day
today in Brighton it's such a fun day
the videos that we filmed today with
marks know me that I filmed us so good I
can no you guys are gonna love them so
much especially in Iommi's which was the
yoga challenge with us the rain we
literally killed it like did so good I'm
actually so surprised like some of them
were like no there's no point right now
anyway let's just try it just for fun
and did it like some of the most crazy
positions and that's kind of on Sunday
on her channel then we've got the guest
youtuber on my channel
and then we've got Marcus's channel next
Sunday which was there I didn't even
tell you guys it was a childhood Zuri
you would have been good at we did a
childhood theme songs I was there like
stuff like me and Joe should do that it
was a lot harder than we think one of
the ones we didn't get was tiny tots TV
are you drinking I know you it is / -
yeah it's just a B there was no lyrics
it was just the tune Oh totally got a
stops that we did get was like obviously
Fresh Prince in there that one wasn't on
that although there was another one that
was under that was tiny tots they look
kind of like as in Jim des mots TV yeah
they look kind of like raising Jim but
they kind of and what was some other
ones I don't want to tell you I don't
want to tell you because then it were
marks this video just be excited Lumpy's
never that I'm being one of the one
wonderful red light green light yellow
light orange light never know what's the
one you know where less if you know it
the one I'm not going to say whether we
got it or not or anything there's just a
guy of an acorn head yeah okey okey doke
maybe it's okey dokey okey doke video we
don't right I'm gonna end a book now
guys my throat is still really really
sore
no that wasn't on no I can't be telling
you because there's gonna room much
minute you have to wait yeah after and
the best thing was is that none of us
knew them at all marketing know them
himself he got a friend to sort all out
and it was so anyways yeah be excited
for it I will catch you tomorrow I've
got the gym super early watch I need to
find out is he for 8 a.m. or 9 a.m. I'm
not too sure what about is my throat my
throat is still really really sore
not any better than yesterday I'm
feeling better I don't feel as weak as
yesterday as you can tell all your heart
tells yesterday I didn't blog that I was
super super ill right I'm gonna catch
you guys tomorrow thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed the mismatch of
a day you like my suit you liked me
hanging out mocks know me we need to go
and stay at this soon it was so nice PC
is like busy a different time it was so
good getting to see them we have to go
and stay then bring our laughs right
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
