good morning guys
I am so tired today I cannot get out of
bed like I'm literally finding it
impossible to get up today I set mine on
for half-past seven yesterday but I
don't have the gym this morning I have a
day off today from the gym and I just
couldn't get up I remember it going off
and me just go ahead nope and skipping
it so bad so the time is 21 minutes past
9:00 I think it's because last night we
slept with Nala in the bed and she was
like be absolutely perfect and then at
about 5 a.m. she decided to start
licking her feet which is the most
annoying and noise in the world so I had
to put her back downstairs and enjoy her
in bed in the middle of the night and it
kind of threw me off because then I was
awake and then I wasn't it I couldn't
get back to sleep and I don't know I
need to get up right let's do it let's
get up open all the windows I've kind of
lost my red pen which I said I was not
going to do for the entire 90 days so
I've costs to fall to the safe bar and I
cannot find the red pen anywhere I mean
I know it is in his room somewhere oh my
god I got it it was under the bed okay I
got it
so yesterday cool I've got to cross her
off yesterday yesterday Sunday we did
successfully that Sunday God monday was
yesterday we did successfully there
little half days because there know the
end as well so that's today tomorrow man
we've done quite a lot but I need you
only get breakfast now although I can't
eat breakfast for another 25 minutes
because I've just taken my first pill to
help my chest out and you can't eat for
half an hour after taking it so got to
have a little break I might edit the
daily vlog now quickly hello baby
Hey
hello what we got me your present voice
it a wrapped-up pup
oh no don't ruin it no no no stay calm
wrapped up like et you know some warm in
there
because we took you out to the toilet
and you got all wet
anything you can imaging on google image
in alfie deyes short hair trying to
decide whether to cut my hair short or
not what do you think
sir it's hot you'll never sorry won't
ever given input whether I should cut my
hair short or long I'm not coming on
that would be weird
this is the thing though I think it
looks good now no not now well it will
look good when I put long hair look at
this faster thing no I think it looks
rubbish now it will look good when it's
long but it is gonna take long to get
long that's the issue with me I
genuinely don't think it will be the
length I want it until like Christmas so
do I just cut it short and get it back
to like being safe and like good like I
liked it when it was short I did like it
when it was sure I just wanted to try
something different
or do I wait blooming ages and keep on
having weird bits like this for now and
just have to get over it
what do you think I don't know I don't
know what today I might know short hair
I have that not short short do you know
what I like it when it's kind of long in
the top look like this picture here when
we did that video yes like nah I like
that page that long on the top or that
picture there that's how it's going of
halfway long on the top or this picture
here of me I don't necessarily think
that last you sure oh look a short is
here to shot I look like two years old
that's like long long is sure not not
like scroll up not like that no look at
that
Iseman look at my head square and what
else like that no I don't really like
that one that one oh yeah here here I
like that there's a bit too in position
that one I look about six years old I
like your hair there in that picture
though and where else I don't know that
one
no that is the worst picture of me in
the world
I just don't know guys this is where I
like your hat yeah I know everyone says
this one video when me and Zoey look
look how long it is on yeah I know it
looks very young it looks good but
that's just one day like imagine if I
said you should do your hair like this
and just pinpoint one day out to you why
it's hard to make it like that because
it's easier for you where's not only do
it on me looking at legs
I don't know much Jin I wrapped it up
all nice and warm but yeah everybody
says this video here which is How well
do you know each other or the guest the
body part cuz my hair's like curly messy
long and no baby
hey she's so cute she's just looking
your jeans now no I want to see if I can
pick her up oh no relax she doesn't
watch me she doesn't like it
you've broken the cocoon way I'm gonna
put her back in out I want to see if I
can make it look like I've got a baby
haha oh no I've got to my baby wrap her
up like a burrito just finish editing
and uploading the new daily vlog and I
stupidly decided to put a fan on over
there that blows out hot heat you know
those fan things and you can basically
choose the temperature and I put it on
as warm as it goes because it is so
rainy and cold outside and it has made
this room turn into like the warmest
cozy's room in the world
so Nala and I I just having a little
cuddle whilst on watching YouTube videos
but I am like nine out of ten tempted to
have a now I know that I shouldn't but I
really really want a nap it's not even
late its holy quarter past 1:00 lunch
time I'm ever going to fall asleep basis
because I've been editing for so long
I've just finished in two new video as
well from my main channel and I've just
uploaded it scheduled so it's going to
go live by itself on 6:00 p.m. on
Wednesday is that the day this goes up
but it's Tuesday today the same as this
and now after this video goes up my am
new main Channel video goes live so I
hope you enjoy that I didn't even
realize that it was on the same day as
this one go check it out it will be up
at 6 p.m. UK time I don't know what to
do I don't know have to have a nap or go
to Nando's I feel like I should ring one
of my friends and ask they want to go to
Nando's I'm was I'm just going to end up
falling asleep it literally looks like
I've got a baby wrapped up but it's my
Lagoona
guys you've had a baby I'm now in Nana's
rafale still eating healthy don't worry
I've got quinoa salad we've got chicken
and rice we've got some halloumi which
isn't healthy but it's only a little bit
and then also some more chicken kind of
got a bit carried away for order and
Holly is obsessed with mash as of today
just finished up in Nando's and oh just
keep some rubbish and no one was that
but that's your old car isn't it
not that one that was like that was now
it's like a blue ah good times going to
McDonald's and I was gonna say yeah
we've just ordered so you take away stay
back
so what's way for it to be Kurt Polly is
asked if we can go to Toys R Us I did
let's also food I love going to Toys R
Us and then you want to go to the pet
shop how am i showing these guys your
dog probably
oh I showed them your guinea pigs this
pie some guinea pigs we do not need to
buy some guinea pigs rabbit I need to
show you guys Holly's dog blue he's
awesome
have you seen the film
do you want to see the film not tonight
oh I want to see the film so bad and
Zoey couldn't care less about seeing it
so can we go and see it together for my
dinner what days it's more Wednesday I
wanna get something like that over hmm
maybe no you can't buy a seahorse were
you getting him it's for 16 your brother
what is it it's Hansy bath water into
goo perfect Polly already has four
million animals just get a food chain no
we cannot get J a rabbit you can take
out two under women tonight
Charlie doing a rabbit no jaqen guys
look at this one
okay wait even focus it's literally
folded and hard is it everything look I
really think you should look it here so
- literally is folded in half get him I
cannot get here come on Colin Zoe guys
so you're not like guys shall we come
back and get this little guy hello this
is Holly's like dream place Taconic a
new every day
no you died don't tell me but that was
it actually fit you well enough you
don't you're not Holly's not allowed in
places like this because she just walks
away though the animals look at this guy
everybody dance now look uh-oh guys I
haven't shown you have scars from her
laps Bay so that is one of them that's a
belly button
that's number one look how tiny her
little scars are have I ever shown you
her nipples she has I'm sure I've told
you but I don't if I showed you he's not
legally she does what is on the Internet
no let me show you right so we'll start
at the bottom on this side one two three
nipples on this side one two what one of
our nipples has gone Oh
lower down there one two three where's
Harvey Nichols one-tooth okay wait let
me start again one two three four on
that side
yeah there's five does a fifth one up
here not always an extra nipple got ya
there so we have one tiny little nipple
in there two three four five on one side
and then the other side one two three no
secret no none there it's a fact of the
day neither has five nipples on one side
and three on the other weird are you
ready let's go now jump jump jump George
and that's fence Ben's she doesn't even
care she's just asleep
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo DJ I love you so
much hey hey baby hey pretty lady she's
so tired you're the prettiest dog in the
world
very pickle your neck oh I'm gonna love
you and leave you too
I'll catch you in a bit goodbye my
little baby can burn my big baby have a
nice time
I'm now off to the gym but not with Ed
for a change I've just run got max
because I trained with it's literally
asleep on you you learn the mummies
boobies boobies ha ha ha no good just
lay that down no no do you think she
meant the D word do you think ok so now
I thought I meant it was dinner time and
got very very excited so now I'm gonna
have to go and give her some handing her
a bit little bit early shouldn't have
said baby should I
anyways I look at a strip to the balls I
am now off to the gym but not with Max
for a change I mean not with Edie for a
change my trainer
but I'm in fact going with my friend Max
who I used to train with when I used to
go to the gym shot him all of it yeah
I'll give all the rest of it and I used
to go to the gym with back in the day
before I started training like properly
and why I say you should go to the gym
with him I just go to the gym again
maybe like once every two months because
I was super lazy but and yeah he hasn't
been to the gym that I go to now before
so he's going to come to that and we're
just gonna do a little bit on the bars I
love working out on the bars I
Collingwood it's called a calisthenics
kind of set it up whatever it's called I
love doing bar work so we're just going
a little mess about and trying out some
little new tricks today not too much
because tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. I've got
the gym righty-tighty SHhhh mighty fight
you guys goodnight goodnight farewell
and I went to the gym of max ripped all
my hands again done if you can see that
literally just rip them all open after
like ten minutes of being there which
men that couldn't really do too much on
the bars which is what I wanted to do so
we just did a couple of other bits but
not really much just messed about bit of
everything and I have got the gym 8:00
a.m. tomorrow but I feel really you know
when you just feel really like weak and
tired if somebody was to like flick me
or hit me or not that anybody does but
like push me or something then it will
really really hurt I think have I told
you for the last week I've had a really
really sore throat I told my doctor and
he's I might be deliver your chest if it
doesn't sort out in the next week or so
then come back and like there is a curve
iris thing around like tonsillitis kind
of thingy at the moment and I definitely
think after today I've got that because
I just feel so weak and tired no not
tired just weak and rundown
I feel very rundown that's a very good
way to describe it but yeah I did go to
the gym and then my mum and my sister
and Shaun and my auntie who's Achin my
mom's twin if you didn't know my mom and
her twin not identical but twinkle
Denise and she came over and she's down
sent my parents
couple of thing like two or three nights
so we just watched what do we watch
sinister yeah sinister which is like
super duper scary it's actually really
good one it's a really good scare when
it's now I think I really like it
because it's scary literally like 10
minutes in like yeah I have to wait
until it is actually very scary like
there's not many jumps it's just always
you're on edge and I really really like
it I think it is one of my favorite
horror movies because I mean I don't get
scared like now either coming out soon
or is out now really yeah I really want
to watch it like yes it will explain
more they'll explain more than they'll
be the next family I'm not like I don't
get scared with scary movies on and off
too many jump or anything but this one I
think it's quite freaky I'd seen it
before but I just really liked it
anyways guys I'm gonna head to sleep now
thank you so much for watching today I
hope you enjoyed it if you did give the
video a big old thumbs up yeah go check
out my or there's new video today gun up
you that's what I spent mr. day doing
Edison uploading I remember now and so
yeah go check that out I leave a link to
it down below and yeah go give it a
thumbs up if you're feeling nice you
guys have asked for this video pages and
I've done it and I regret it because it
was so so horrible anyways I'll catch
you to more of a new daily vlog then
what I'm doing tomorrow what should we
do tomorrow we'll find out tomorrow good
night
