good morning guys
we've had an issue this morning it's
currently 7:30 and just super super
early I've got up to edit the daily vlog
before I go to the gym I never normally
do this but I want today to be
especially productive because I've got a
long list to do at the end of
yesterday's video I left you guys whilst
I was writing a list of everything I
need to get done and what are you doing
of everything I need to get done today I
wrote that list I've realized how much
stuff I've got to do so I thought I
would edit the daily vlog and have a
breakfast before I go to that hello
before I go to the gym I've just plugged
my memory card into my laptop I want to
show you this I plugged my memory card
into my laptop and it's a brand new
memory card it's meant to be like the
best ones you can get I bought it
because I watched some like review of it
online so that there's my memory card
open it up and for some reason it opens
straight like this memory cards don't
usually do this if you know normally
have to choose what forward what like
file you want so all the videos are just
from the 17th of August so the last
video file I have is this
so I've literally lost all of
yesterday's footage I started dragging
it across basically and then it said and
I was like saving the files and then it
went unknown error and quit and I was
like what and I put my card took my card
in and out and then it wasn't there
from the entire daily blog yesterday I
have only got three clips and I woke up
especially early to edit the daily vlog
this bloomin memory guard never buy one
of these memory guards I spent a lot of
money I thought it was the best
it's a Lexar professional 1,000 exons
and just megabyte no this is miss
offensive on this it wasn't the one -
you're talking about I don't know what
to do I'm gonna try and do something and
recover and find the fire was birth we
may have just lost yesterday's daily
vlog so Louise just texted me and he
said he is found the same issue before
his same happen to me so I downloaded
the motor spin
of data recovery software I could find
and it still didn't work there must be a
way
oh if Louie Cole can't do it then I
literally have no hope I'm so sorry guys
I am gonna use a different memory card
from now I'm never using that same
memory card again I do not trust its
brand it was called Alexa if you guys
want to know never use it don't trust it
anymore yeah we lost yesterday's
jadeybug
I think Ed's rinsing me because I can't
drive the workout is making me do is
learning how to drive
go change change right quick then let's
it straight into it finish off the ten
aha don't ever do this this is harder
this is more painful than the workout
Oh
Oh watch it he's tied I'm back from the
gym and it is time to cook this light is
so blinded time to cook some lunch so
what I'm gonna go forward and do couple
of chicken breasts and then I'm gonna
add my boy these things here that I'm
guessing it good for you it's kind of
just like lay it kayo beetroot and
broccoli or seasoned butter and then you
just whack it in the microwave for a
couple of minutes but they're delicious
so just a couple of chicken breasts with
some vegetables and then on the chicken
I'm gonna put this which is lemon and
herb peri-peri rub my old from Nando's
it's gonna be good time to eat my lunch
now I've made two lunches because I
meant to have two lunches every single
day I'm not sticking to my diet plan as
much now because I think what I'm just
gonna do instead is eat the things that
in my diet plan but just as much as I
possibly can more often but it's just
hard to stick to the times like the
first meal of my diet was and also when
I said that I don't mean losing weight I
mean putting on weight was at 7:30 a.m.
now that's just not realistic is it 7:30
my first meal I woke up today at 7:30
and I was literally like and that's how
I felt so I've just made two lunches I'm
gonna eat one now and then one in a
little bit here I have whole-grain load
a load of good stuff with some chicken
then over here I have vegetables we have
some chicken as well so I've got two
that is actually meant to serve two
people so technically three lunches let
me pop you guys there right I'm also
going to go my iMac I haven't been in my
office working in this room but that's
where's the little lids here I'm gonna
put one of them away and I haven't been
in my office in this room in so long
I've done anything in here so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna research I'm gonna
look into gaming videos because I want
to stop my gaming channel again I want
to relaunch yet I want to do more it's
been too long since I filmed to make
them gaming videos for you and I love my
gaming channel whenever I'm like really
on time with it and I'm loading in the
right time and everything like that I
have so much fun on it I love it I think
you guys enjoy it like The Sims videos
and oh my god so that this shows since
the last time I used my computer I have
3,800 tweets no not even from you guys
just on my timeline just on I don't even
follow many people are full of 200 oh my
god right also I need to try and edit
yesterday's day vlog from the three
videos that I have because I can't get
the footage back I've spoken to Louise
and fun for Louie who is the tech man if
you ever have anything happen with your
equipment your computer your laptop
here's the man who can fix anything and
everything I'm very very sorry that
yesterday's video wasn't the best I'm
gonna try and do what I can and make it
into a video somehow but all the parts
got deleted and that's just one of those
things hopefully you're watching this
and these files don't get deleted right
I'm gonna look into some gaming videos
and see what I should be playing and ya
gonna eat my lunch as well I'm super
super excited
look how cuddly Nyla's been recently
it's been a man's oh oh oh someone's
ringing me
I've just finished filming two new
videos guys and I'm now off to the
doctor's because I want to sort out this
chest pain thing once and for all
I still get pain in my chest every
single time I eat you guys know I've had
cameras down my throat two biopsies
taken I've been on different medicine
for it to try and sort out this weird
pain that I get every time I eat now it
has got a little bit better recently I'm
not gonna lie but it is still there and
it is still annoying so I'm gonna go to
the doctors a while ago I went on a
medicine for like one pill of every
morning for 30 days and actually made
quite a lot of difference I believe I
think it did make quite a lot of
difference so I want to try to go back
on that pill again that is something
that they said that I can take every
single day for the rest of my life if I
wanted to if it helped out that much but
at the moment it just hurts me so bad
everything what time I eat then I do
want
try and sort out wherever that means
going on up here long term or whatever
that means just from the next 30 days
trying out and seeing what happens and
then maybe you haven't seen a
nutritionist or somebody to try and sort
it out I just basically want to speak to
another doctor so I'm going to another
doctor now someone that I haven't seen
before about this just to get another
opinion on it and they're like they
they'll know the results that I've
already had and I had all the tests down
for a lot tonight they've all my Bloods
and everything tested but yeah so
basically I want to try and just go back
on this pill that made a difference once
to see if it helps again that's wrong
going to the doctors now so I'm going to
go to the doctors fingers crossed
touchwood it goes all good and they give
me the pill that I want and I try out 30
days and it makes a big difference and
everything gets fixed that's the aim
let's go do it and I am home home home I
feel like if someone is gonna jump out
on me Nayla okay they're not if I told
knowledge names she doesn't come then
that means that she is not home but I
just got back from their doctors and as
you can tell I'm in a fairly good mood
because everything went exactly to plan
the doctor gave me a big old
prescription of the pill that I wanted
to take that I was on previously that
helped out a lot and now I've got enough
of that for two months which is amazing
what I haven't got done is it is four
minutes past eight and I'm yet to have
edited my new main Channel video and I
hate uploading past 8 o'clock and I've
even edited it yet
I filmed to film two new videos today as
did I tell you that did I I don't know
anyways I've come to new videos today
and they're both really really good I'm
gonna upload one as an extra one on
Wednesday on my main youtube channel
just it's the last video of like the
little series kind of thing
and you guys have been asking for it for
ages on my main channel so I've done one
and yeah I now need to edit this Q & A
which is involved in you guys you guys
sent in tons of questions to me via
videos and I watched them and I answered
them so that must have went out the last
night for you so if you haven't seen it
yet I leave a link down below I'm going
to edit that now I have finished editing
and upload in my main Channel video for
tonight and I'm super super happy with
it so I hope you enjoyed that I'm
halfway through editing an extra main
channel video that is gonna go on
Wednesday and because I'm still editing
and it is five minutes past 10:00 I
thought it would just be better more
beneficial I could get more done if I
ordered dinner rather than to the time
to cook it but obviously I'm still being
healthy so what I've ordered is sushi
which I didn't even know I can get
delivered here and then that's chicken
noodles I think then we have a look with
you what's actually now I'm pretty short
chicken noodles interesting look in and
then this I've completely forgotten what
it is is it edamame it is amazing that
looks so good so I'm gonna carry on
editing now and get this other video
ready so that is up on time for you guys
and yeah so he's in bed with Nana so iam
had dinner with my family over my family
house tonight
and she was actually blogging today so
I'm sure that will be up soon soon I'm
gonna go to bed and I haven't got the
gym tomorrow morning what's more a war
but I'm tempted to still go to the gym
just without my trainer I don't really
know I'm not sure just finish editing
the new video the other new video that's
going to go from Wednesday I'm gonna go
to bed now guys I'm just gonna open the
back door
I swear I'll blind so we're happy in
this house because what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna let not sleep in the bed
tonight she's being so cute at the
moment she's just being like the best
dog ever like not that she wasn't before
but she obviously she's like a puppy
still so she's a lot of work you guys
may not see in the videos how much work
she is but I'm telling you now
trust me from whatever you see she is
still a ton of work every single day
because she is a puppy and she's very
energetic and yeah I don't know don't
know what else to say but recently since
we got her back from the vets she's been
extremely good and extremely calm so it
makes it a little bit easier to have do
things like hovering the bed because she
doesn't get up halfway through the night
anyways I'm gonna go and get her up
she's upstairs now I'll see you prove
Zoey wait I don't want to wait cuz I'll
be up I wait cuz I wake up everyday when
I go to bed so I'm gonna end the vlog
done purely so I don't wake up okay I'm
gonna go get an island now take us on to
the toilet and then take it back up to
bed and go to sleep so if you enjoyed it
give it a big ol thumbs up to let me
know you did that would mean a lot and
yeah hope you enjoyed yesterday's new
video there's also gonna be a new video
on Wednesday and I hope you enjoy that
so I'll catch you then thank you so much
watching your support as always means
the world to me I've just been speaking
to a couple of frets or hiccup on
Facebook about videos and content and
what we make and why we make what we
make and I was just saying we're talking
about weather weather making like more
higher quality video time balance you
they're making more higher quality
videos is my the sick of tropical juice
is better and I said I'd make the
content that I like to make like
sometimes people see obviously and make
silly little videos like can be trying
American candy videos and stuff like
that or q and A's and yes it doesn't
take two months to film one of those
videos but I just meet
videos and they always have done ever
since I started YouTube like with the
chicken nugget challenge way back in the
day and all the little daily vlogs I
used to do I just make videos that I
enjoy making and if you guys enjoy
watching them then then that's a bonus
that's a complete bonus I just made
videos that I really really enjoy making
and I hope that some people out they
would enjoy I never chose to have 4
million subscribers that is just an
unbelievable crazy thing that somehow
happened I don't really know how why it
happened
by just making videos that I enjoy
making not particularly amazing quality
just a little bit of fun I'm filming
this like a little camping out just in
my hand but maybe half a million people
might watch this which is unbelievable
but I didn't ask for that
it just happened over the over the years
so for those of you that feel that
youtubers have a lot of subscribers
should make better content that they put
in weeks and weeks of working doing
stuff for me that isn't really how it
works
I just made the videos that I've always
been making and I'm not gonna change
that item in videos that I wanted to
make since day one and my subscriber
count doesn't affect the videos that I
make if that makes sense
I don't know I'm just rambling I have so
much fun making the videos I do and the
fact that people watch them is
unbelievable and the fact there are a
lot of people watch them is ridiculously
unbelievable and it blows my mind so
thank you so much for all the support
guys honestly I love you guys so much
I'm not just saying that like people
people assume that youtubers just say
that book system for StarD and act but I
genuinely love you guys because you have
just made my life so amazing over the
last 6 years
sorry to end or a little bit of a deep
note just feeling a little bit deep in
it sometimes at night time I get a
little bit deep as you can probably see
on Twitter when I start tweeting quotes
and stuff anyways I'm gonna leave you
now and I'll catch you tomorrow good
night
