good morning guys oh I just started the
book now to show what knowledge done
with you and then she stopped it is not
the morning because I went out last
night and I got back at like what time
do they go home last night
what's she doing what time do they go
home last night
Drake Mia about help us but of course I
woke you up because I got in the same
bed is also had to brush my teeth one
again so you put my braces in anyways
last night was super super fun I didn't
take you guys with me but Holly
basically ended up being like me and
about eight of my friends going to one
club and then on the way to the club
Holly wrung my system was I don't go to
the other Club come to the club that
we're going to so my sister and all her
friends then came over so it was like a
massive group of us of like 25 that's an
exaggeration about 15-20 people which
was really really cool is really really
nice to see everybody never nice night
out no like a so smooth pieces who enter
the park yesterday then literally
knocking about being with buzzing I'm
eating no you're not eating Missy I said
I'm eating I'm eating like whole grain
like chemo and stuff and tuna still
being healthy don't you worry I forgot
to cross off yesterday or four minutes
that's the worst hiding in the world Zoe
she was just licking your back yesterday
I forgot to cross off let me put my food
down I forgot to cross off you're not
alone what are you doing oh I think you
found her she's just job you know for
you and over you and over you no don't
eat my lunch so today is Sunday and I
haven't yet crossed off Friday and
Saturday and both of those I've done the
90 day challenge all positive and happy
and going to the gym and eating healthy
and doing doing everything you have
three cold sores that's just nice as now
did you want them did you invite them
over people are probably thinking what
the hell is a call to invite why that
and
the coleslaw is like the thing in your
lip when I get when I get run down and
I've got like a lot of work on and I'm
tired and I'm sleeping less and all of
that I normally get like a sore throat I
really video I just get a sore throat
and sore throat sore throat I get a sore
throat and then I just feel really ill
so he doesn't get any of that though he
just gets cold sores on her lip don't
know why what do you get when you run
down look how many days I've done now
guys 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 and then
today's the 12th day just finished
editing as well the daily vlog and I'm
about to stop loading that now just so
that it goes up a hundred percent on
time tonight because the last couple of
days they've been a bit late and I'm so
sorry for that because I keep on going
out at like 2:00 o'clock lunch time
until like five or six o'clock so then I
missed that time to upload it anyways
I'm gonna eat my lunch now and upload
this video and then I need to film a
main Channel video and they need to edit
that mention of video then they need to
upload that main channel video a few
guys I just spent the last million hours
tidying up down here remember there used
to be tons of clothes like dirty clean
ones that I don't wear anymore all just
in a mismatched pile I've sorted them
all out and they're in piles this here
is for charity
close the door anymore that there is
dirty and then in my cupboards I've
completely changed everything
so this no why are you sitting there
like a guard dog you got added my
clothes for me thank you so much this
here is like old t-shirts and top bits
shoes and shoes this here is all gym
stuff which I actually have a lot more
than what I thought I have quite a lot
of gym stuff now in here I have boxers
and socks here I have jeans here I have
tracksuit bottoms and like cozy trousers
shorts and more shorts and then the last
one is just like a mismatch of like
things goggles swimming shorts hats
scarves gloves things that I want to
keep t-shirts but I don't really wear I
don't
you know why I showed you that I just
thought you may be in jest you know how
some people I don't know some of the
girls on YouTube do videos like wardrobe
haul and what's in my bag and stuff like
that
that was a what's in my wardrobe on a
less positive note because I actually
fit in normally run around here but
Lewis Hamilton NOLA what are you doing
what are you doing anyways on less of a
positive note because I do find that
doing that stuff really really
therapeutic like I really enjoy tidying
I hate being messy
I hate they're being mess I hate
everything to do with untied eNOS a mess
if you can already tell like everything
I own has a place and everything has to
be in its place it sounds like crazy I
don't know I sound a bit weird but I
genuinely like I've always been obsessed
with everything having its own position
on another note the thing that I
actually started the skit to tell you
idea I wasn't even going to show you my
wardrobe it just ended up happening my
necklace has got a little knot in app oh
this camera is just so good at folks and
there we go
my necklace do you guys all know this
necklace that I wear which Zoe bought me
it's got a knot in it here and I don't
know how to undo it up in try them for
like 10 minutes and I just can't do it
it's really annoying me
hello guys right it is not the day that
you think it is basically I just went to
edit this daily vlog now and very nicely
my sd card decided to corrupt which
means I lost all the footage for the
rest of the day but don't you worry
because I just got sent something and I
thought I would show you now to make up
the blog because I know when the vlog to
end early all your file was corrupted
and it sucks but I can't get them back I
try to use recovery programs online but
and literally just can't do it none of
them will work they're all really
expensive and they don't even work then
just take your money if you know one
that does work let me know but we save
me in the future this has happened
before
anyways I'm using a different memory
card now so it is working
last night duck date you guys from what
actually happened papi
Shawn and mom came over we watched lemis
and we had dinner and it was super
healthy anyways let's get on with the
new version of the video with me filming
the next day but ended its the day if
that makes sense basically I thought I
would just show you a new toy instead
for today's video which I just got this
kind of don't really know what it is let
me put you down here my trainer my
personal trainer ed told me that this
thing is really really good for like
sore muscles and after working out you
should use it and thence and then have a
clue what it is or how it works
hello snow ah let's try also wearing
jeans this probably isn't the best idea
I take my belt off I don't you know what
it does is meant to me like a massage
oh oh
oh my God my chest just kicked my chest
actually just click I don't fin your
ribs I meant to click let's try it on my
ass try that this thing trying to come
another go I think I just broke my ribs
doing that well maybe I shouldn't have
oh let me know okay that's the thing how
how is this even supposed to be oh did
you hear my back kid no on your back and
I'll pull your legs
it's not gonna be good now relax Oh guys
I'm gonna break my back not too bad Oh
aren't you supposed to do bit like like
I mean that is just good what much that
were you work in there it's not
specially with us as a yeah yeah what
not studio yeah okay knots around my
neck fun yeah well how my hands going
underneath roll guys I know that this
was the best purchase I'm gonna end the
video guys this is going up because all
my clips corrupted I've been explaining
it so this is going up instead how noise
was like this morning you actually
remained very calm but did because my
90-day challenge you have to stay calm
and positive anyways guys if you know
how to use this thing send me a video on
Twitter or something like that teaching
me how to use it I will catch you
tomorrow a new vlog thank you so much
watching I'm sorry that it was a strange
video I just still wanted to make sure
that you have something to watch even
when all my fire was break yeah don't
you know what else to say
I'll get oh my rib yo I'll catch you
tomorrow
