good morning guys today everyone's
probably heard that boy there's like no
one in here we're the only ones today
Sean poppies are ni I just come in
shopping so we're in next home next home
and God and cheoreom that is where we
are and then we're also going to go to
M&S to get some food what are we
actually shopping for just home bits are
just bits like this y'all nice back nice
chandelier how you doing today you
having a good day I hope you are I did
this spin no oh yes that is a lovely day
is Papa made for that is one of my
favorite scenes in scary movie 3 because
it's here movie 3 when she's like the
careful of the vase you have seen that
things going the exact duty is giving
you three or four yeah you know when
she's like be careful of the vase and
they're like what Bey's smash their head
all right just me no snitch about so who
the hell would buy a tree with lights
net and I gent like being serious yeah I
know I just remembered you've actually
got this you bought it for the
background of videos it is like the
biggest bush in the world okay
oh it's nice and soft a little skirt I
didn't know the soft one
look how cool this desk is guys it's in
the letter A if I was a kid and that was
on my room that would have been so sick
I was getting a Starbucks but I can't I
have to say how to you guys day 11 today
I believe I'm gonna go for a green tea
I'm so jealous of this what do you get
in I'm a hundred percent using my new
camera later on today this quality is
the worst thing in the world
this camera is rubbish and we've just
finished shopping and next I have my
green tea it was delicious the only
other thing if we lost my car oh here it
is
the only so we're driving like risottos
my black car because we're used to
obviously Zoey's mini
that stands out because it's convertible
mini that we always just walk past and
lose my cars it's just like the most
typical looking black car ever
yes I'm still not driving I know
um I know also I was gonna say yeah the
only things we ended up buying and next
I'm getting rinsed the only things we
ended up buying were a colander for a
tiny tool or a pasta and a something to
light your candles with right let's make
some odds on bet you're in why are you
trying in the houses I'm not sure we're
doing it oh my god I know some woman
 right let's make some bets with
some serious money 1000 pound $1,000 I'm
putting in 50 pounds for wicked Hey I
must be gonna pass their driving just
fast all right
none of them I will get coffee fast 500
pounds 5 under realistic I'm gonna give
them 500 pounds
because coffee's gonna intensive
course so I need to book some more
driving lessons but as I've been same
ages I'm just gonna book some I'm gonna
book some this week
papi says she's booking some for Monday
show money booking yours I will not
fifty quid
no seriously bright you guys in the
comments bet who is gonna learn to drive
and not just not just like learn and do
their thing is up like whoever is
actually gonna get in the car and drive
someone fast oh I've already done like
12 hours
I've done nine hours hope you've done a
load as well even your remote do you
think you'll remember no papi is not
gonna remember what do you think father
you're gonna the worst driver of all of
us normally yeah yeah main sure they're
gonna be savage drivers I want to place
bets on who will pass
I don't think Alfie will pass first 925
I just I really I should pass I my
theory I had like 30 hours I had I think
seven hours and I've last three the
third time I've had nine hours and I'm
gonna pass back I remember the guy I'm
gonna be like you're nearly bad yeah my
guy said you're ready for your test in
November and then I stopped I hadn't but
I knew when traveling as well UN
travelin I stopped have started actually
I started learning when I was 17 but I
didn't pass until I was like nearly
nineteen oh my god that's so
embarrassing
no no I break it on 21 oh I've got to
passed form 22 I have to pass one 22
what insane day like a month
oh my gosh alright guys comment down
below who you think is gonna pass first
me poppy I need I think Shawn will pass
first but Shawn's working a lot at the
moment if you guys gonna say that I
think Shawn is very like dedicated I
think you would do it and it's also very
calm and collected
I need to persuade someone like Steve or
Lou or something to come and stay
invited it like drive with me in this
car cuz I'm insured on this car I just
haven't got anybody that I can like
drive with food shopping time iti might
get my own car because I want to try and
fill it of like stupidly healthy stuff
for my why is that just here get away
no I don't want to give me one no I
don't want to just give me what know
what's happening I don't want to be one
guys
let's take that one there
here we go he's so jolly
hi we're gonna go get some help hello
hello hello I'm Spencer steady but not
Oh watch sectionally what you're going
for Shawn I think you buy this just with
with the body with that is that do sorry
sorry got a new girlfriend
sorry do not my new girlfriend I'm just
buying this Shawn
what about this one I like that one yeah
okay
oh my god and if your little spider
friend see right it is time to get some
healthy food chicken strips chicken
strips that is what I knew is it
free-range
chicken strips licensees is great for
stir fries amazing but is it free-range
latest question we only get chicken in
this free range here we go guys this
tiny little section is the organic
free-range there's some free range of
mini Philips or chicken breasts and let
me look at the weight so I might be
going out tonight with Polly and oznas
achieve he's not here he's in London and
Jesse and Ollie and some other friends
and stuff and it turns out that Shona
pop it might also be going to the same
club tonight so we're looking to get
some drinks and we've just seen this
pair a pair in a bottle look at that
that is crazy they are trapped in the
bottle what even alcohol is that which
is filled with brandy is it brandy
office for healthy healthy healthy we're
back home and we've got the ultimate
cooking and preparing and putting food
away session going on I bought so much
healthy stuff but most of ended up being
in the cupboard like this is my only
shelf in the fridge just full of good
stuff tuna steaks which I'm really
really excited to cook and then we are
going off now into a little park to go
and have a picnic you're excited I
haven't prepared any food I need to prep
all I haven't shown you guys when I got
the other day also my hair is an
absolute mess I've got a hair band in at
the moment I've been showing you guys
what I got the other day which is this
and you're ready so this here is like a
food prep bag pop look at this slick on
my new bag you ready
let's Shawn are you ready money bag and
all my meal was inside no you're in four
different meals every day every day and
then over on the back it's for my
protein shake and everything like that
and then the top it's for the pizza is
not for the pizza is for the chocolates
nope
it's for the almonds and stuff look at
that how good is that
Michie Nabataean healthily in your whole
life and now I'm just like yeah now I'm
just going in box yeah trying to throw
this guy up we'll be there for our
picnic our picnic has kind of got a
little bit messy we're also pulling
poppy is that bump up look at the dogs
it is such lovely weather guys I put on
a vest as well so we can just place them
like frisbee and football and we got
rounders BAM ball with us hey the dogs
are being so good to each other this is
also the first time since knowledge been
ported that these two have seen each
other I mean a minute ago they weren't
arguing over the toys they were playing
nicely boy boy I like it that was
Shaun just uploaded my new daily vlog
know that why you coming downstairs with
me mommy's upstairs I want some cuddles
from you and I am now cooking myself
some dinner the time is five minutes to
9:00 I've got to meet my friend Holly's
at 9:30 I promised her I'd be there no
later than that oh my god my best looks
so low no later than that so I'm now
just cooking up a bit of dinner this is
the first time I've ever cooked salmon
before so ah oh my god oh my god it's
pat on me so bad I'm putting that on
holy crap that just burnt my hand oh my
god it may well be the last time that I
ever cook salmon as well look at my hair
my hair is awful my sister's sat on one
of my hair bounds earlier and snapped it
cheers Bobby I had to watch some other
ones but I'm 5 minutes 30 seconds until
it's done when it does five minutes I
need to turn them over and cook it on
the other side I think that's how you
cook it just like five minutes on each
side
I kind of thought that worse comes to
worse and it's not
cooked all the way through then it's
just that sushi isn't that so unlike
chicken which if you eat war then it's
really really bad for you if I eat more
salmon be believe all salmon anyway
that's just sushi so it's fine I've just
managed to turn them over and it's
looking pretty damn good look at that
I'm putting this thing over the top of
it just so doesn't spit at me and dinner
is look how good that looks two bits of
salmon and all my vegetables beetroot
spinach everything now I may have to cut
my vlog a little bit early tonight I
think I might have to end it here
because what I'm going to do is I'm
going to I've got to be at Holly's in 23
minutes no 27 minutes so I'm going to go
upstairs are you having a drink down
there you loud enough now and then I'm
going to start getting dressed whilst
eating dinner and everything like that
so I'm going to end it here because
there's no really point me taking you
out clubbing on a Saturday night in
Brighton I would if it was like a
weeknight because I know it'll be more
relaxed but on a Saturday town is crazy
busy there's a lot of people that maybe
aren't so nice nah I don't know how else
to say it but a lot of people that are
like aggressive and like fighting and
all stuff like that so I don't really
want to be getting an expensive vlogging
camera and talking to it in the middle
of a club because I'll probably just get
stolen off of me to be honest or like
previously before when I've done daily
vlogs and gets knocked out on my hand in
the club and breaks on the floor and
some stamps from that which also isn't
so good and I don't really want
happening tonight so I'm not going to
take you guys with me I'm going to end a
blog here I hope you have enjoyed what
you've seen so far sorry that I'm not
bringing you with me I'll update you
tomorrow morning on what happened but
it's basically one of my friends Jessie
it's her birthday kind of like I don't
think about this today but we're going
out to celebrate her birthday tonight
so yeah if you enjoyed the video and you
enjoyed today and pranking my sister and
going out and chilling in the pot with
my family and everything I love you had
a nice day fine don't bother looking at
me yeah and give the video bigger thumbs
up to let me know that you did I also
haven't filmed it yet but tonight for
you guys I will also be uploading a new
main channel YouTube video so I leave a
link to that down below when it's up and
sure it will be up tonight at some point
- keep your eyes peeled for it
oh yeah subscribe if you want it that
would be nice and I'll catch you
tomorrow good night
