good morning guys so it is now about 12
o'clock lunch time I have been to the
gym I had the most savage leg session
today
I hate leg day but it is it happens
every week I have to do it it helps like
the core helps everything out but it is
just so annoying because the legs are
such a big muscle that it aches and
hurts so bad whilst doing here and
tomorrow and later today and everything
it's just annoying leg day is annoying
but it is good have been to the gym I
feel super super positive I have had
lots to eat I also got a new version of
these today you guys know unlike these
bounce bars I ordered some new ones I
got a pack of 20 and these are like
almond protein hint and they're super
super delicious have only had half of
one so far but yesterday I forgot to
look at my hair such a mess which got
the shower and done anything to it yet
yesterday I've got to cross off this so
let's do that together now we need to
cross off Wednesday here and then we
also need to cross off Thursday because
today is Friday for me oh my gosh but
get in there kind of change clothing and
we are now in town it is nine days today
is the tenth day I also have two camera
batteries the flash numb of no charge so
I don't know how much of a chickenhead
film were you off to go and meet Ellie
who is Zoe's tricks top winner is that
right so you know who Enzo he did the
trick stock campaign thing and she
raised like sixty five thousand dollars
or something ridiculous there was
competition to come and meet Zoe and
have lunch with her and hang out her and
Ellie is the winner so we are now on our
way to build I'm not meant to be coming
I'm just hungry and it would be called
to meet her and apparently she watches
my videos as well so yeah we're meeting
her for lunch now which is going to be
good you excited
it's a lovely day as well I don't where
she traveled down from wow she's come
from Manchester and it is a lovely damn
writer and so hopefully she's gonna
enjoy yeah is it gonna stay like my back
you might die any minute so you've gotta
be quick get down like we're in the
photo booth okay am i coming on that
charge instantly before right you ready
to see it yeah how are you I don't know
if Alfie was let's do another one
yeah that's just sexy squish my head in
a bit more this time attempt number two
we've got a new camera battery okay I'm
thinking of them we have to say what
we're gonna do Frankfurt everyone swish
heads in
yes my last one was definitely acute
voter it's really really cute what's it
gonna look like all right you guys look
at it first you thank you
we finished meeting up with Ellie and of
course we had lunch as well though I
forgot to film it typical we were all
just chat in and talking away because
she lives in Manchester it's our first
time in Brighton and we're talking about
Gurdon online and the places that she's
visiting now because she stayed in
Brighton last night and his tent tonight
as well so we've been talking about like
where to visit were the best things are
what favorite things are what to do if
we went to Manchester when we went to
Matt and let low is a load of stuff and
then we just knit back home now I
started doing some it's a daily vlog
still haven't finished
yesterday's daily vlog and then he
talked like today's daily vlog as well
but I'm so so tired I literally was
editing and fell asleep with the laptop
on my lap and just woke up and so again
coming up are you ready to go to the
vets and now I feel like somebody has
picked me up from one place in the world
and just plunked me down in another and
I don't know what's going on
she came in with two bandages on and
once we're home guys Lucas yeah the
coasters here mr. Joseph sorry yeah
you've been here before us we just got
back from the vets now know that it's
all good
obviously allowed to bring her home
Jonah I said no I got here except we
don't have a key so I've got enough for
writing amazing and a scam and I mean
scary man if it will trails left my
thinking right the kid I'll see that
then I'll corner I left my headphones on
that's more down here you know what I
need you in I'm gonna sketch
instead we did a jokes enjoy that sin
Marlon literally doesn't know what to do
myself she was so excited to be home but
yes she's all good she has had for those
of you that we're following the journey
is have three hard foods today
hey good trend everyone your little
shaven sides shaven everywhere she's in
there
and we can't take the little purple
thing off her arm in a minute we should
have to wait an hour Jones oh you've
just popped out to go and get some food
and then there's now just Nala and I
just chilling like old times
neither are we just having fun together
I would mm Oh give me you baby
Carrie give daddy a cuddle come here
she's so cute she
Sookie I forgot how small she was like
she is literally the world's smallest
pug ever just ever ever
I am also editing my daily vlog now
which I don't remember where I got up to
because as I said I was editing earlier
and then I literally just fell asleep
turns out I mean three minutes into
editing it out of 43 I got a lot to do
this is one thing that I've missed so
much what's not has been poorly
just lay down editing with my little pup
hey baby hey baby you sleepy you tired
she is the cutest dog in the world and
I'm not in focus there we go now in
focus editing with Nala next to me is
just the best thing ever I have missed
us so much I'm just sitting here eating
the daily vlog with my little puppy two
million hours later no no and I are
still editing the daily vlogs aren't we
baby yes she's been so good look how
sleepy she is look a little face Joe and
Zoe all the way down there filming a
video for Joe's channel which is really
really excited it sounds super fine now
can hear the filming and shouting and
getting excited and frustrated and stuff
like that it's gonna be a cool video and
yeah I don't actually know what we're
gonna do tonight the time just to give
you guys some scope I like to tell you
guys my videos the time because then you
can make a judgement or like how much
what else I'm gonna do during the day if
that makes sense
I deliver does for the time is currently
8:30 9 p.m. in the evening and we
haven't had dinner yet
Zoe and I so always my teacher so crease
I'm like laying down I should set up my
posture is something that I really
really want to work on I might add as
one of my things from my 90 day
challenge is to like start sitting up
more I always noticed I slouch and lean
forward do you guys do that as well or
do you like focus on your posture I know
that some people like Zoe myself don't
really think about it too much until we
see ourselves like in the mirror
I'm right oh my God my back is so arched
when I'm sitting down but then some
people like my cousin I have one cousin
who literally sits and they're not her
not posh but sits straight up she has
such good posture so yeah maybe that's
something that I should work on just
because I don't want to don't have a bad
back when I'm older you know she
literally just walked over to the other
side of the room picked up this pig
teddy which is like her favorite look
she's literally cuddle in it but she's
actually gonna legs wrapped around it
and then brought it over to me in her
mouth and then jumped up on my leg laid
down and genuinely cuddled her teddy
like she's actually laying there
cuddling her teddy Joseph is off wanting
to go back home to look after Casper how
to spray my armpit someone's gotta feed
him yeah yeah did you forget stuff like
that you have to go like this like one
of these like when there's little things
use pesticide is Betty cuz you wake it
up in the night you'll see how they wake
up see the bull go and take your
midnight drink it is no time to go to
bed guys oh my gosh it has been such a
good day I'm so happy to have my little
one back and a girl at the end of the
bed she's gonna sleep with us tonight
aren't you aren't you baby they can't
even see your face now they can gorgeous
look at that I'm gonna end the vlog here
guys thank you so much for watching
today I hope you enjoyed it if you did
give it a big ol thumbs up it is the
weekend tomorrow I am so excited for the
weekend I don't know what we're gonna
get up to I don't know what we're gonna
do but I just love the weekends so much
and yeah I'll catch you tomorrow I hope
you enjoyed the video I love you so much
see ya tomorrow good nighty night night
