good morning guys good morning how you
doing
it is Halloween today my camera battery
is literally like flashing flashing
flashing like it's about to run out
charge any second so I might have to
take over on my on my phone are those
guys run away from me moves Aria mark
and we're off to buy some Halloween
outfit and yeah that's what we're doing
we're in town I just finish up turn a
meat in to catch a lot of people my
project manager has gone away on holiday
for 20 days 20 days so we're gonna have
to work even more intensely over the
next couple of weeks than ever to be
able to try and take on that workload
it's currently 4 p.m. in the afternoon I
haven't even had breakfast yet all I've
done is have a coffee and yeah just head
in just heading out now I don't know
what do you guys know what you're
dressing up as skeleton instead of more
cos popular what are you just enough ass
are you penny wise and a skeleton a
clamorous Skellington glamorous here we
go
he always busy
look at that we need someone like this
just sat on the sofa you're buying a
load of stuff so he's had an outfit
change that idea has changed you got
that let's just check these look pretty
good
oh yeah and Zoe is now addressing up
tonight are you going out got a couple
of different type options these let's do
it oh my gosh
Colin the caterpillar Halloween edition
count Colin oh my gosh
oh yeah just got home now look we don't
no time to mess about we don't have any
time I was just scaring Holly we're
running around trying to get the house
ready everyone's arriving cuz we got
stuck in traffic there's accident that
happened but 20 meters in front of us
Sean's just arrived so we got majorly
delayed what are you doing guys look a
Holly's makeup you trying to be a mummy
I haven't fully gone outfit for tonight
I've just got three different mask
options
where's NOLA you only get your
martensite girl and took in their
severed head oh my gosh this looks
amazing guts oh my gosh that looks so
good who did Pennywise hey can you
believe it I don't know if you did but I
it's so good it looks so good and I like
this little bit here yeah I bought some
no contacts anyone let me know I think
it looks good excepting the white bear
oh my god
I am don't know how I'm gonna put this
in my army you're like a book color oh
my I first saw you think oh my gosh that
is hideous I haven't really got an
outfit for tonight I left it too late
and can find something so I've got three
different mask options as you guys saw
me buying but I'm thinking something
like this but when I take my mask off I
just don't really know how good I having
to do a makeup so it might be might be
harder than what I think to do that on
my face
just finish the makeup on my face sure
and help me out as well this looks
incredible
oh my gosh we're still eating those too
much you're just turning off with the
lights to watch some films now Katie you
gonna sit over there by yourself why I
want to close these doors you can't even
see anyone in my blog yeah this is
basement 2-story you're not getting
turned back they told you this is about
training journey
brain is much like that
Oh God is gonna happen
Oh oh my god oh I I'm gonna put this
mouse down
I've got two more masters upstairs we're
gonna go count on watching this movie it
is weird it's creepy
maybe I just scared the crap out of
Holly with this mask yeah
we're just Justin dollar up you having a
nice sleep yeah she's like guys turn the
lights down I'm going to bed no night
just getting into bed it is so late
everybody it is so late it's currently
1:29 in the morning nyle is fast asleep
just ops little pumpkin my camera back
to his fashion it's about fun at any
second I also just tried to shave my
face did this half hour so let's onyx or
just moisturized didn't manage through
this half as I snapped my razor going
like this and literally broke yet so we
have to buy a new one tomorrow did you
have a nice evening thank you so much
for watching the video thank you so much
to everybody who subscribed thank you so
much to everybody who's already given
the video thumb care about it just by
now
