good morning guys I'm off to London
already missed my train by like 1 minute
but I'm in a good mood can you re I kind
of woke up set when I'm 7:30 I could it
every day now for this 90 day challenge
and then woke up and then remember that
I have to be in London today but
completely forgot is the wrong way
around I should have remembered last
night breakfast I don't know what to get
maybe something like this and you know
what that is
I am now in London guy basically I
accidentally set my alarm last night the
normal like a normal day completely
thought that I was coming to London and
I woke up at 7:30 and the time I to be
at the train station was 7:30 uh naps it
was I literally ordered the truck ie
Boston bent got dreads - nine minutes
gone in the taxi missed the train so
weird wait 20 minutes for another train
but it's all good it's all good we're
here my only like ten minutes late I'd
have no idea where do we go in
hi there we go around the corner kind of
fret to get some breakfast and then dad
and I are going so it doesn't matter we
didn't actually have like anything to
get to where dad and I are going off to
get suits today
so trying to get some soups today for
Murray because that's what couple of
things coming up I've got a couple
different things coming up like Steve
hookers wedding and things and I haven't
got a suit at all so we just just turned
up now and we're early which is kind of
good that we missed the Train or I
missed the train earlier then this is
really cool little place look at this
I've never been here before have you
been here before that let's call doesn't
that like trying to no it's not
something from Harry Potter
this shop here sells customized gym gear
how crazy is left then I won't be
getting cuts on my hand like that all
customized leather straps maybe then all
right so I've got my shirt on I'm
guessing this is just one of the shirts
that you just trying it's not nicely I
didn't do anything but just realize how
much I don't know about my sizes but the
guys like what size is your neck what
size are your shoulders anything so this
is the suit that I'm going for it's like
a navy blue navy blue trousers so I'm
going to pop it on now and then we'll
see what you think
everything is very big obviously it's
going to all be tailored and pull in and
move tight to the right sizes and
everything so the moment this will be
like that sucked in my nice and fitted
like that and then the trousers are
quite baggy and loose at the moments
they'll obviously going to be like
pulled in and trimmed in and everything
everything's going to be fitted then you
re won't look this baggy okay so they
don't currently have this one the right
size of this one in stock this is one
size everything's too big but they do
have it in black in my size so I'm going
to try this one on
I'm not going for black I'm going for
blue but then I'm going to order the
blue one not the black one look how much
better this suit is although it is black
and I'm not going to go for black it is
such a better fit it looks so much
better here
so finish suit shopping which was
ridiculously successful we both got to a
tie and I forgot shirt as rather the
stage of fit edgy but I've never ever
had before I've never fought back to
work a meeting
20 minutes or half an hour and round a
bit more than that until Tonya's launch
party today I don't know who else is
going to it level since mid London
notice and I'm popping of course so he
wanted to be here and she was going to
come back to London because we'd still
have Darla back we may be yet about
today maybe tonight we're not too sure
so one of us has to be at home I've just
got quinoa salad as usual with chicken
then I got some extra chicken and some
rice
the cool the lift is a circle picnic
no oh should I get my nails done kissing
wall yes Tanya so I've just arrived
Jimmy Tong automatically stolen me and
to show some cherry some flamingos look
at it they make a weird noise it's just
a flamingo in London that's all these
people is this bit over here that
there's more over then there's little
ducks I've never seen are those black
ducks yeah they've never seen black
ducks how's it going they're gonna get
it's going really really well
oh yeah I saw that as I walked in as I
walked in it was like they're kissing
what is a kissing oh you have to put on
the lip gloss that's so cool time to
leave guys that was really really cold
such as such a nice menu is beautiful
say congratulations to Tanya when your
products I didn't film them but I showed
you them in like yesterday or day before
this video I believe so you guys know
what they look like this is just so sick
but this is just on the rooftop in the
centre of London
all right so I am now getting back to
Brighton after a crazy successful day
guys started off course with the shoe
shopping and all so did I tell you that
Burberry the shop wasn't open until 10
o'clock we got there at 10 minutes to 10
so if I did catch the earlier train this
morning and I wasn't late then we would
have just been waiting for 40 minutes
and not 10 minutes so it actually was
more beneficial that I was late that's
just that's just my kind of luck somehow
yeah I'm just now catching the train
back to Brighton
hopefully I want it to wait too long the
trains that are meant to get just left
two minutes ago
well it wasn't like I've made to get it
I'll just ask Linda my turn so I've got
half an hour now so I'm just gonna come
in here see if we can get so a little
present she likes this shot there wasn't
really anything let me tell you
something my side shower wasn't really
anything for so Ian now probably because
she wears the bright ones so much invite
so much stop comment I guess half an
hour
just ever in sportin now oh my gosh
there's like 10 million
why did I not walk closer to the end of
the train I'm gonna have to wait so long
for a taxi I'm back and I kind of just
had a little cheap well I haven't had it
yet so all day London and all of
yesterday whilst I was in London I was
super super healthy which is really hard
when you're traveling because obviously
when I'm at home I can prepare food I
have time to make food to be healthy and
eat the right things do you like I'm
being properly healthy like no sound
which is nothing like this morning that
porridge that you saw was like quinoa
and porridge like five different green
porridge and it was super super healthy
it's not just uh this is kind of healthy
I'm probably doing that but there is one
place that does the best hot chocolate
in the world and this is a Brighton
transition I haven't had a hot chocolate
in I honestly think like over six months
maybe even longer than that so I had to
get myself one is from a place called
FCB
have no idea what it sounds for doesn't
even sound go but then I was actually
gonna get you up I didn't have enough
hands we can we can share it and I just
got a medium one and it has got whipped
cream on it but I'm super excited
perfect temperature as well we have just
finished up a meeting which went really
really well and we are now going off to
Mum and dad's to just chill and have
some dinner we don't know what we're
gonna have because we haven't really got
any good food in our fridge so I think
we're gonna even steal food from their
fridge
or ordered some Time Lord some food
we're not really too short at the moment
I've just made a chamomile tea but I
haven't had time to drink it for about
to need mmm so nice I love camera Marte
also we've just realized that we kind of
just missed Nala so much and we haven't
seen her in like since Monday and we
can't go over to the over to the vets
and go and see her book is number one
we're not gonna want to leave
once we see how we're just gonna want to
take a home with us she's still poorly
she is still not being able to keep her
food in she stopped being sick and she
is really energetic and she's lively and
she's happy she's just unfortunately
still has died here and they're still
doing more tests and more checks on her
now it is just such an ongoing long
thing that is so annoying
so we're gonna bring up later tonight
and just be like okay what what do you
think is going to happen when do you
think we can take her home she's on
antibiotics now as of today so hopefully
by tomorrow it will start making it
better than everything so we're gonna
take over some more of her food so that
she's got her own food that she's used
to and then two of her favorite toys now
so hopefully she will enjoy that we just
don't want her to think that we've left
her then were abandoning her with the
vets and the vets are lovely that taking
really good care of her and the plane
with her lots and cuddling her and
everything we know that but we just
don't want her to come back in a couple
of days and think that we decided to
leave her there because obviously doctor
understand that it's a vets and there's
making her better so we're gonna bring
her some of her toys but we're gonna
drop them off we're not gonna go and see
her and visit her because obviously then
she'll think we're picking her up and
we'll won't want to leave her and
everything like that so that is what
we're gonna do and then we're gonna go
to mom and dad's just left mom and dad's
now after a delicious dinner we got to
take away his Easy's but know why guys I
still ate healthy I had a chicken pasta
and I've also had a chicken salad as
well and it is actually my friend Morgan
you guys know Morgan it is his 21st
birthday take a left up here
it's just 21st birthday today so I said
I don't know what we can do I think
here's some family and friends all day
all family and girlfriend all day and I
was like okay we're gonna go to the
casino tonight so me j-joe Lorex and
Morgan all with this good lighting
we're gonna go to thick Cena now so
Zoe's just dropping me on the way back
home to Morgan's house and then we're
gonna go to the casino but as you
I can't film in the casino because
you're not allowed obviously so I will
try to film little bits as much as I can
but we had a really really good dinner
and yeah really really good dinner
really really good time it's nice to see
bars because obviously we have been
embassy Nala so it's good to have to
spend time of guys Cullen and Augie did
you have a nice time
really nice oh you've got a jumper on
can I take that I don't know I do really
alright guys I've just got home now oh
I'm literally in pitch black kind of
scared as well
because it's like half past two in the
morning by myself they were good if
there's a light my phone to guide me
around the casino was so much let me
hold the light there well that's kind of
blinding myself check the doors locked
and everything yeah it was so much fun I
couldn't film anything because all this
has annexed Ino
oh my god the guinea pigs I'm just going
to turn the light on this is too scary
the guinea pigs obviously we're just
making noise wish to get the hell out of
me I feel really freaked out I feel like
there's somebody else in the house so I
normally always lose when it comes to
the casino not like a lot of money I
always only ever play an amount of money
that I'm willing to lose like or spend
on a normal night - if I was to go
clubbing with my friends or if I was to
go out for a meal and then go like
bowling or do something like that that's
how much money I'm willing to spend when
I go to the casino because I have to be
winning myself to lose it to be able to
play it because I know obviously casinos
always win your money overall tonight I
just 190 pounds like I just came 90
pounds up so that's all good just 90
quid 90 quid that's so good
I never normally come out up so I'm more
happy and yeah I'm gonna end up look
down here because it is Hoppus 2:00 in
the morning
Zoe is asleep upstairs or I know she's
gonna be asleep
because they're so late and I've got to
be up but tomorrow morning at 7:30 to go
to the gym with my trainer at 9:00 no
sleep for Alfie tonight there is going
to be silly but probably like four or
five hours before the gym tomorrow so
thank you so much for watching today I'm
sorry that has been a mismatch of film
in I hope you enjoyed my suits in the
end I went for the blue suit although I
was wearing the black one in all the
photos and everything it was just
because they didn't have the blue one in
my size so they've got the black one
then we changed all the sizing I've
fitted it all in there but they're gonna
put that onto a blue button if that
makes sense which I'm so excited to pick
up my suit but yeah thanks so much
watching today guys
thank you so much love the sport I love
you so much and I will catch you
tomorrow good I haven't crossed off my
calendar for today I will cost off too
late tomorrow because I was in London
from when the vlog started earlier so I
haven't had a chance to cross off my
90-day challenge but I will cross off
tomorrow with you both of them good
night
