good morning guys how you doing today I
start this I know the little snail we've
got a friend today when we've woken up
at first I thought it was some kind of
spy equipment somebody's stuck in a
window to the video and listen to Zoey
and I was were in bed then I realize it
wasn't I realize it was a little guy
called Tony just chillin over there they
had everything has to have a name in it
I am already attached to him no marry
death no chance I'm attached to her all
right let me quickly show you Tony guys
so outside our window look at this
little guy it's even got like little R
on his that lurk yeah as his pimp to
pimp Michelle you don't get Michelle
right today is meetup day I oh my god I
just realize I'm running so late
it is 917 I've got it No
oh my god Zoe you need to start on my
hairband probably would have cried I got
it here
don't you worry those things snaps oh no
got I tended them and what was I going
to say what was I saying what was a say
a meet-up day I've got a driver picking
me up at 10 o'clock to take me to London
and I kind of I've got 20 or 40 minutes
to get ready that's kind of scary what
are you doing today I'm going shopping
right now and then I've got a sneaky
with some viewers and I'm back
yeah hopefully we've just spoken to a
new update you go now goodbye have a
nice takes I won't see you also tonight
I know I won't
I was concerned much there London
tonight but I won't actually especially
because Anala yeah because I've got to
be back it I've got to be in London
tomorrow morning at 9:00 so I'm gonna
have to get the train about 7:00
anyways good what is my hair doing it
sort of got a quiff of some sort um what
was I saying I can't remember I was
talking about niala that's what I was
talking about okay so I remember now
basically
we I've just spoken to the vets on the
phone and they have said that she is
doing better then she has been in for
the last few days which is really really
good and they're really really happy of
how she is doing which is amazing she is
still not passing a hundred percent
solid poos so they can keep her in today
and probably hopefully fingers cause
we'll get her back tonight if not
tonight then pretty sure it's going to
be tomorrow which is really really good
she's not eating very well at the moment
like not very much they've said that
she's very very fussy and picky of what
she's eating so on the way to London now
I'm gonna go and get the driver to drop
me off at the vets on the way and then
drop off some of her favourite food so
that she's still she's got food that I
know that she loves so that she won't be
as fussy as you're still he a lot today
is meet-up day I am so excited I haven't
done a book signing slash meet up since
Ireland I believe that feels like eight
years ago now so you know basically like
a year ago this kind of date been a year
ago I did a book signing in London and
it was my first ever one I didn't you
didn't have to pay you'll get a ticket
or anything to come mine it she just
said turn up and queue up and no sign of
your books eight and a half thousand
people turned up it got crazy things run
a little bit mad the police had to shut
it down the police had to shut down that
part of London there was two police
helicopters 15 police horse it went nuts
I think it was statistically the biggest
book sign in London have ever had which
is crazy so we're kind of done like a
full circle and now a year later I'm
going back and we're doing it were done
like a ticketed event I think that's
like 500 or 800 people I'm meeting today
nobody was allowed to know the venue
until this morning so that other people
don't just turn up and wait and then it
ends up right last time so I think it's
gonna be really really good it's at the
same place and this time it's going to
be really really calm I'm really really
nice so I'm super super excited and then
also after so I tell you what's
happening intellectually after that or
should I just leave it okay I'll tell
you I'll tell you normally I make you
eight and watch the vlog but I might as
well tell you
after that my mum finishes work at one
o'clock in Brighton and then she is
going to jump on the train and come and
meet me in London either at my book
signing or somewhere else random and
then we're gonna go for dinner together
tonight and maybe a little bit shopping
and stuff so it's gonna be a fun packed
day in London I didn't actually get up
I've got 36 minutes till I have to leave
this house and I'm definitely not ready
this camera is just good I'm in such
good focus and it won't even focus me I
cannot wait to use my new camera there
we go I am now in focus I just start the
clip again I am all dressed and ready to
go to London I haven't yet packed a bag
I don't know what back to take do I take
a little suitcase or do I take like a
whole bag I need to set my laptop and a
wash bag in case I need to like brush my
teeth or something during the meet up
because knowing me I'll probably buy
some like smelly chicken sandwich or
something
and then and then go straight to my
signing and not realize that my breath
smells so that's what I need to do any
tick bath toothbrush
it's so weird no no not being here now
it's so strange
Zoe has gone out as you saw earlier what
am I getting yet in my back oh I haven't
even a breakfast yet and it's ten you
got three minutes three minutes to go
until I need to leave I have no idea
where my bag is mister bag
I wish bags I wish you could just call
your items on your mobile or something
and they could like ring you know where
they are
because I had no idea where I've ever
put any of my belongings I lose
everything every day just everything in
my life my family bag he's up here I got
him
oh this is awkward look how big he is
can you see him why does everything got
a gender with me as well see very Himura
ha
where's my bag of him alright I need to
fill my bag Oh let's cross off this I am
yet to cross off yesterday should we do
it one two three four five six
yesterday was a week that is amazing
boom a week of positivity happen
yesterday and I'm not saying it to make
you think oh how are you that's so nice
of you I'm literally just saying it
because I just I want to inspire you
guys to do do little things for people
because I believe in life it's not the
big things that make the difference is
that every day's small little gestures
that help people out in life so for
example yesterday I got a taxi to go to
Nando's because as you know I cannot
drive I know it's so annoying I need to
learn I did yeah that that's a whole
nother video in itself but I can't drive
so I really really wanted some lunch
after the gym and we had nothing in the
fridge I literally ate everything in the
fridge because at the moment I'm eating
my seven meals a day
so I've eaten everything the day before
it comes to yesterday lunchtime there's
barely anything in the fridge so that I
can possibly eat this even healthy so I
was like I'm going to order a Nando's
and then go pick it up in a taxi and I
got in the taxi now I do any order there
and I don't know why but we got speaking
about Nando's and the taxi driver goes
I've never had Nando's before is it nice
I really want to try it so apparently
it's a chicken restaurant and I was like
yeah it's really really delicious it's a
chicken master on this home stores
actually brand new it just open he was
like oh I'm gonna have to come in can I
come out get out of the car wash we're
getting yours and a look at the menu and
I was like whoa when I'm inside you want
me to order you anything and he's
unknown and I was like I don't mind
George Audio anything so I went inside
and he came in with me and we looked at
the menu together and his old man the
chicken burger sounds delicious also I
trust me the rap is better and he was
like eh that sounds really good so I
ended up ordering my taxi driver who I
the taxi driving like he wasn't even a
long journey or a big journey and I
ended up buying him a double chicken
wrap lemon a herb with Peri Peri chips
and like giving it to him when he went
to go back in the car and then when I
came out with with the food and don't
worry I got a quinoa salad for myself
with chicken nice and healthy and I gave
him the wrap and chips and that and he
just seemed so excited like it was
something they had never had before and
he really really wanted Nando's it
sounds so stupid me saying this and I
just got him like a little Nando's in it
I don't know it probably cost me like
seven pounds or something small
I don't know and just doing that tiny
little Jess
for him literally improved a day he was
like this is the best journey I've ever
had it like given somebody left and
things and I was like that's so sweet
they're like me being able to spend
seven pounds on him which in the grand
scheme of things seven pounds isn't like
the most crazy amount of money but could
improve his day so much I'm guess I'm
just saying it's the small things in
life that you can do for people that in
the long run make a big difference and
if you ever see somebody that needs a
little hand up or a little bit of help
or something be there to give than that
so I'm now in the car on the way to my
London book signing I just editing the
daily vlog you know I've got a nice big
so much problem to use my laptop was
that look how nice the weather is we've
got really really lucky with the day
that were chosen for this event
the keeper checking on Twitter and there
are so many of you tweeting resent
you're gonna meet me and stuff there's
some of you that like I literally see
your Twitter's all of the time tweeting
me like super super big like fan
accounts or I don't like to call you
guys fans but that doesn't they know no
Sandman accounts I just can't wait to
recognize you guys in person then I've
seen from good display pictures was so
long
we're still on route to London I've just
finished editing two videos one in the
daily vlog and another being trying
Swedish candy I have no idea when I'm
gonna be able to upload today because
obviously when you at a book signing for
the vast majority of the day hopefully
fingers crossed they have Wi-Fi best
that I can get the videos up that would
be really really good yeah it should be
nearly there I think now okay so it
turns out my driver has not only got a
power socket here just like in charge my
laptop cause it's about to dine him in
it but there's also Wi-Fi which is
amazing so I'm gonna try and upload now
there we go there go go go and pass guys
there's so many people always here this
is unbelievable I've never seen it this
busy this is crazy
is she home oh she is home if that Flags
up there then that means that the queen
is currently home it is time for the
signing guys
we're gonna run that charge cover here
look who it is guys the last two people
none other than you do
of course thank you so much Anna waiting
for so long it's lovely to see how this
my book signing is over it was so so
again thank you so much to everybody
that came it was really really cool glad
to meet you all properly and have a
proper chat and see you all that hug
girl and have pictures and everything
and now mom and I had just happened in
and moms come from Brighton up during
the book signing she came and there
we're just having dinner now and a place
called Hawksmoor so this is menu it
seems very very it's like the steak
place
yeah such a good day you so much thank
you
yo that's good so good to try mine I
always go for the most girly drink look
at the cutoff it couldn't be more pink
thank you so much
we've got such a big main horse the size
of this state that is a big filler look
how big it is and then look how many
different sides we got you excited guys
look it's Harrods we're just on the way
home now and look how Christmasy that
looks and so it probably loved that in
there some um and I've eaten the world's
most food I also understand that the
blog also isn't very long because I I
thought it was going to be a fun packed
full busy day and then I realized book
signings are so busy themselves that
can't really film much and their mum and
I didn't have time to go shopping so we
just went from dinner which also is
something that you can't really feel
much so then have to do something fun
for you guys I have just got home guys
oh my gosh it is so late the time is
five minutes past 10:00
five minutes past 10:00 thank you guys
so much for such a lovely day I really
wanted to do today because like I know
obviously my books came out ages ago and
that's why would this book sign and you
didn't have to buy a book it wasn't a
book signing it was a meet and greet
where you could also purchase a signed
book if you wanted to like if you I'm a
camera battery van that a charge so what
I was saying is that you could purchase
a book that was signed if you wanted to
or I could sign your book or you could
just hang out and I could meet you and
we could have a hug and a picture and
stuff like that so that is what I did
with everybody I think I met like 500 of
you and it was so good it was so so good
we've all had like a proper chat a
proper hug pictures selfies ugly faces
good faces party faces piggy backs
everything you guys wanted to do I made
sure that you did and it was so much fun
it was so so good so thank you so much
for everybody come in it has been such a
long day and then I just ate the biggest
meal in the world still healthy though
you have to like admit from what you saw
like the starter was like salmon and
fish and there was a Yorkshire pudding
which isn't the best but it was like
salmon and fish and stuff like that
which is good for you and then the main
course was just
lives like vegetables on a side and
sweet potato which is very very good for
you
so still sticking to my diet and for my
lunch I didn't have breakfast but for
lunch I had a chicken salad and a quinoa
salad and then also had two protein bars
so I've still been super healthy today
which is good because even like even
when I'm traveling I'm being healthy and
that is the hardest time to eat well as
you guys would know if some of you
healthy the hardest time or you can
imagine if you don't get healthy the
hardest time to eat healthy is when
you're traveling and you're on the go
because obviously you can't prepare your
food you just grab him what's available
today has been good so good and it made
such a difference that that the car that
I was in I had Wi-Fi now how good is
that the card that just dropped me home
and took me there and everything and
like waited outside drop went to the
restaurant had Wi-Fi and like the
three-pin plug sockets that we have in
the UK so I could charge my phone I
could do my laptop and everything so two
new videos are gone live today I haven't
even known to read the comments on them
yeah normally I'm reading the comments
as soon as they go live haven't been
able to read the comments and I haven't
been able to like yeah just respond to
it tweet it again my fate like just chat
to you guys about the videos and I
haven't even had time yet to properly go
through all the pictures that have
probably gone live from today's of n so
I need to go on Instagram like Michael
your pictures and comment you guys back
on just did it's about I just liked
moving about 25 30 pictures the that
I've been tagged in from the event today
but I need to do that from what I need
you're gonna have have another look
anyways I'm going to literally just have
some laptop time some listening to music
time some like in people's Instagram
time also I've just remembered that I
have not told you guys and I am so
excited to announce I don't whether to
name the people that have won yet should
I do it today
shall I do it or not that I feel like I
need to talk to them first I have chosen
all three winners for my vlogging camera
giveaway do you guys remember about
probably like a month ago now I am I did
a competition
this channel well I'm giving away three
really really really good vlogging
cameras and three like memory cards
basically kitchen you guys out and I
wanna I want you to be part of what I do
like I want to promote you guys and
videos I don't want to be watching your
videos every time you upload one I want
to be helping you out giving you advice
and tips I want to be able to be
chatting with you guys and seeing what
you're up to and everything and to these
three people that I've chosen so
something really really exciting a
really really exciting journey for these
three people and I want all of you guys
to be involved and engaged with their
videos and everything as well because I
genuinely think these three people are
going to produce some amazing content
and that is why I've chosen them so I
need to get in contact with them I've
told all of them they've won and they
know that they've won but I'm yet to
contact them and have a chat with them
and see what they're thinking and what
their aims are for their channel I want
to have a Skype with all of them and
then get their addresses and send them
cameras have a chat to them again see if
they can use their cameras teach them
how to use if they don't know how to use
it which I'm guessing everybody knows
how to use a vlogging camera and then
make sure that they've got a good couple
of videos up on their channel and then
let all you guys know who they are what
they're about what they're doing putting
some clips of their videos in my daily
vlogs and just showing you guys their
videos and yeah so this is just a little
camera vlogging giveaway update it is
coming don't think I've forgotten about
it
please do not think that I'm not giving
them away the cameras are literally
sitting in that room over there in the
room next door I am giving them to the
people I have chosen the people the
people know that I've chosen them I am
just yet to speak to them and send them
the cameras but I promise you I'm gonna
do it all of them are from the UK this
girl is from America I want to say and
that goes from maybe America as well I
don't know
anyways I'll let you guys know once I've
checked them and once they've received
their cameras and it's all really really
exciting but it is happening don't you
worry
today was another successful and healthy
day that we can cross up tomorrow
morning and yeah get the video thumbs up
if you enjoyed it be sure to do that and
yeah if you haven't seen my candy videos
uploaded yesterday's little extra video
or yesterday's daily vlog I'll leave the
links down below you can go check them
out remember to subscribe
if you
nice if you want to subscribe you can do
that and I'll get you tomorrow
good
