hey guys so as I've told you in a ton of
daily vlogs recently I went to a shop
the other day and I want to in the Nadja
said hey what is some cool country's
candy that you have does that make sense
yeah cool country's candy that you have
and they said Swedish candy we have a
ton of it go buy it all so I bought all
of the Swedish candy they possibly had
and there is a lot here
I warn you so what I thought I'd do in
this video because for some reason you
guys like these videos where I try candy
I don't quite understand that I don't
think I ever will understand it but you
guys just seem to love it for some
reason so today we're trying Swedish
candy or chocolate or sweets or drinks
or whatever there is that I bought I can
t remember what I bought because they're
so long ago right let's start off with a
random mix honey goes bananas these look
like the most ghetto sweets I've ever
seen in my life there's like
diamond-encrusted writing with a flat
cap on it I have no idea what to expect
inside this crack it
mm oh my god
that is so good that really really
good-tasting fake banana yeah it bubbled
up it's a little trouble gum on there
we've tried a banana one let's go for a
chocolate one
I'm guessing it's chocolate brown hmm
bubble gum as well
this is delicious lastly let's go for
one of these pink ones I have no idea
I'm guessing it's strawberry mm-hmm it's
not often that you get a sweet where all
of the flavors are delicious like I'm
not normally into like fake artificial
flavorings like flavored sweets too much
but the banana story in chocolate and
this is actually so good next up we've
got a double double a double original I
have no idea what the Sears I'm guessing
it's just a little lollipop can I pull
it off like oh it's chocolate
remember it's toffee yeah it's totally
Wow it's okay it tastes very very cheap
so I hope it's not more than like 20 P
whatever the price of it is it is very
very hot like really cheap chocolate
tasting it's good but Polly rocks this
is obviously a similar kind of thing I
don't know ever these ones a bubble gum
and stuff or not it says with a rocking
taste of salty licorice which is the
most disgusting thing in the world like
I do not understand people who like
salty licorice I hate licorice and I
hate salty licorice and it just no lemon
I love milk chocolate love it's just so
weird for me because salty licorice is
not something that we like that we eat
like that we sell in the UK that I know
of so to put salty licorice with
something like lemon and milk chocolate
for me is just strange I'm guessing this
is the same as white a minute go mm-hmm
bubble gum drop lips good I'm leaving
the salty liquorice last let's go for a
lemon one right did I have a little one
for I'm scared about this one
rinsing my mouth out and I'm just scared
to go for it I hate salty things and I
hate licorice yeah this is not good it's
not as bad what yeah ah ah ah where's
the lid open this thing I really hope
these next ones are nice this is good
vision our sewer I don't have a clue I'm
guessing it's something sour but I
honestly have no idea what this is
they're like tiny tiny little bears like
gummy bears but tiny look how small that
is
mmm that is so good
a green one yo man these are delicious
an orange one Boyle I have no idea what
this is
anyone know let me know in the comments
what I'm about to eat hopefully it's not
licorice or anything because I hate that
stuff oh are you serious
literally just look inside oh it's
definitely licorice isn't there
why am I doing this video wow they're
rock solid I went to bite through it
Leah broke my tooth wait wait hmm
they're not liquid they're violet like
violet like the flower I'm guessing
they're like violet flavor
I still got a ton more to try let's go
with these ones because I like the
yellow and green and orange bears so
much these up wait
they say soldier on the front so I'm
guessing the previous ones with sour and
these are salty or they smell exactly
like licorice oh I got my drink at the
ready yeah oh yeah that is vile
how can one company make some sweets so
delicious and then some other sweets so
disgusting but don't worry we've got
another packet from the same company and
these ones are so tup SOT a I have no
idea what that is
before they were sour and then they were
salty and now they're SOTA I don't even
know mmm they're really soft like really
chewy before they were harder than this
right this one's hard going to put the
whole packet in my hand let's give it a
go mmm
they taste like the original nice ones
the sour ones just a little bit more
chewy but let me know in the comments
guys if you eat these sweets like
normally if you've eaten them before
what does the soda pop me bummer
something Zoo have no idea what are
these what are these they got a giraffe
on the front they got a bird on the
front they got a monkey on the front
they look like they might be sour
because they're sugary hopefully they're
sour I love sour sweet
they're just kind of like normal boiled
sweets just really really good tasting
and then in the middle they've got like
I don't if you can see this little
drawing here they've got like a little
gooey bit in the middle it comes out
there were four left and one of them I
can just tell whether look at that I'm
not going to enjoy them so I just go for
it now shall I get them out of the way
they are Mentos that are liquorice mint
flavor Mentos I don't even have the
camera is going to focus on that at all
no it's not going to anyways they're
mentors that licorice mint labor why did
I buy everything licorice this was the
worst idea
it looks just good from the outside but
try to bite out Wow
you know that's good away yo-yo ah yeah
at first the mint was like hiding the
licorice flavor but then after a while
the licorice just took over and it just
went for it and that was vile my mum
would like these though so I'm going to
save them for her three more things jeez
I bought so many let's go with these
harrybo one they just look good I
haven't seen these before
which I'm surprised because UK has a lot
of harrybo that was quite good you know
they're meant to be like hockey discs
interesting yellow yeah really good
lemon flavor the only thing that they're
lacking is being sour like I love sour
sweet and so far I haven't had any and I
love love love sour sweet instead of
that being sugar on the outside they
should put like sour stuff on the
outside like Harry roat antastic they're
so good
caramel koala yep Oh hahaha I'm so bad
at reading carry but caramel Cola it
says and I read it as a koala for some
reason and I was about to say though
when the animal won it was actually an
elephant and not a koala
that'd be because it's not called koala
it's called Cola but guessing these are
going to be Cola flavor they're all
stuck in one big old lump
Nuala oh that is horrible my hand no no
no no no they are literally disgusting
they're like the most artificial
flavoring I've ever had on a sweet no no
though yo a little not good
last sweets we have I don't even know
what these are no words on it except in
the word Polly is in English I don't
have a clue this is what they are oh
they go like white green and pink in the
middle wasn't them that one was amazing
these pointy sweets are just the best
that is it guys that is the video done
I've tried all of the Swedish sweets
there was so many some of them were
delicious
some of them not so delicious as usual
in these kind of videos for those Polly
ones besides slightly if you put the
licorice stuff aside they were delicious
and they were by far my favorite let me
know in the comments again what ones you
like well as you don't like if there's
any other countries that you want me to
try candy from give the video big on
thumbs up if you enjoyed it if you like
me doing extra videos on this channel
like just sit down occasionally and just
have a quick chat with you guys not like
full main channel video just a little
one like this kind of thing as an extra
then give the video big thumbs up to let
me know and I'll try and start there
it's more of these they don't have to be
trying candy videos they could be
anything just like quick extra little
videos yeah that is wrap it I hope you
enjoyed the video I will catch you very
very soon good bye II
