good morning guys how you doing today
you having a good day
are you actually having a good day corn
down below if you are the time is
currently ten minutes to nine my
trainers gonna be outside in ten minutes
which means that I do not have time to
make my proper breakfast also we don't
have any eggs
so having four eggs every day for
breakfast that's kind of kind of hard
when you don't have any eggs
but I also yeah I don't really have time
to make the porridge so instead I'm just
gonna have some granola I believe this
is with some almond milk and then for a
bit of energy and protein I'm gonna have
a bounce protein bar so I am off to the
gym in a minute which I'm excited about
yesterday I had a really really good gym
session if you saw their daily blog I
did a lot of fun yesterday we switched
up and did a lot of bar work
yeah this morning it was just weird you
know it was strange like Nona's not here
no she's not running around but I came
downstairs this morning when I by a
minute ago to make my breakfast and I
was like oh I'm being very loud I'll
wait doesn't matter if I'm loved because
I'm not gonna wake her up
makes me sad I've just spoken to the
vets on the phone they said they're
gonna call back and give us like a
proper update they're just switching
over members of staff but the members of
staff who were who I spoke to has said
that Nala is eating a bit of food this
morning her tail is wagging and she's a
bit more like perky in a weight kind of
thing which is really really good news
because she just yeah she's just not
been herself at all for the last couple
of days but we're gonna get more of a a
thorough run down in a minute somebody
else is gonna call me the member of
staff that has been with her overnight
and I did speak to them last night when
I was at the saucony Joanie's at like 11
o'clock half past 11 among them and I
was like hey I know you guys work 24/7
obviously because you're staying with
Nala so I was just wondering if I can
have an update on my dog Nala and they
were not always that Nala or Nellie
because we have two pugs of one called
Nellie here as well and as I Arthur
thank you
but Nala and then they were like she is
very very like quieter she was a neat
but she is very very happy to like
cuddle and she wants to come out and
they cuddle and sit with you and I was
like that sounds like her she is very
very very needy and needs a lots of
cuddles to keep her happy every day but
yeah good news that she's eaten to it
this morning she's a bit more perk a bit
more awake but we're gonna get a full
call in a minute today - last night
everything in her she is alright I am
back from the gym the lights are they
start it's gonna say they've didn't a
flickering thing I in fact got back from
the gym ages ago and I've just spent so
long editing today's daily vlog because
yesterday I filmed the most stuff I've
ever filmed four days look like yes this
any blog if you haven't seen it was 34
minutes long 34 minutes long that's
literally insane normally my daily vlogs
like 12 minutes but anyways it was super
super good and then I kind of fell
asleep on the sofa boss internet for
like an hour and then woke up and
character and nternet so it is now
ridiculously late in the day but one
thing that I didn't do any and I promise
all I just hid all the DVDs over one
thing that I didn't have time to do at
the gym that I promised my trainer that
I do was my crunches now at the end of
every session like I'm sure you guys
have been seeing in my daily vlogs when
I blog at the gym is I do I end every
session with 125 crunches which is a ton
in like it kills but it is good I do 5
sets of 25 and I didn't do that today
because we didn't have time so I
promised him that I'd do it this this
evening so what I've done is that I kept
my gym clothes on and I've told myself
I'm not allowed to take off my gym
clothes until I've done all of the
crunches which is what because normally
I would have just come back had a shower
got changed and forgotten about it but
now just now I was about to get in the
shower and I was like oh wait no oh let
me know short shorts Alfie I was like no
I can't get in the shower because I
haven't done my crunches yet so it is
now time for 125 crunches then I'm gonna
get in the shower and then I'm gonna
film some new videos
twenty-five down a hundred to go hundred
twenty-five crunches done all right
I can now go get in the shower it is
time I completely forgot this morning to
tick off this thing here or cross off
shall I say so we've done one two three
four five days so far let's make that
six
so today yesterday we smash that today
it's going good so far and that is day
seven I can't believe that I've already
been doing it for a week or today is a
week
sorry it's already even a week of my
90-day challenge
seriously how crazy is that you having
trouble there
Zoey has been tired or her make up and
run through everything and sorting out
all the bits oh look at these these
aren't out yet but we've got them I say
we've got them as if I'm gonna use them
in one day tomorrow for you guys know
yet tomorrow for these guys because this
goes off on Wednesday so this comes out
these things these are Tonya's new why
will you not focus never go Tonya's new
products I'm guessing they're gonna be
like super dragging everything like that
tomorrow for you guys here's a sneaky my
dad show what they look like yeah
there's a sneak peek or one of them I
think we've got all of them although I
tried them out ages ago actually and I
did probably try them why don't it's a
yellow in this camera at Tanya's when we
went to go and stay and we took Nala
you have them all there and I tried them
all they look really really good I
really like the packaging and stuff and
the little mirrors in them right so
we've smashed six days ticked off on
there I need to get my phone and head
downstairs why am I going downstairs you
may ask I don't know I'm asking the same
question I still need to put away with
this clothes they're all clean by jump
at the mall yeah you're still struggling
in that join me to do it there we go
okay you heard the camera let me try
it's obviously I've got the wrong drawer
in there this door is a lot larger than
that drawer
deeper so you've obviously got them the
wrong way around this drawer is gonna be
deeper so this one
Animoto those muscles go on yeah a
little bit lower a little bit lower yeah
perfect
go on yes go on
how happy also look at your lip gloss I
know it's rank you might want to explain
why I would so obviously as I was going
through all her products beside him what
she liked more she didn't like out of
them she was trying on lots of the
things I came downstairs oh mighty look
at the color of me now this camera is
just ridiculous like Netta literally
look like one underwater yeah and I gave
the stairs is it a swatch is it cold yes
and Zoey had I'm not even joking like
her whole arm was covered in swatches
swabs as I called them ridiculous like
absolutely crazy it's dinnertime guys
and I kind of haven't stuck to my food
prepping but it's fine because it's
still healthy it is a take away but it
is still healthy and I've spoken to Ed
and he basically says eat as much as you
can it doesn't matter too much as long
as it's like fairly clean so I've gone
for a wagamama
chicken ramen and so as Maddie what
drinks have got green juice green juice
I got a got a fruit juice I love their
fruit juice and then Zoey is qualified
did you not the water over difficu my
day good day
did I not say in my blog at the time
guys when we were when we were in Canada
for my us bookstore Maddy and I were in
the restroom because we did the whole
tour just us two
Maddy and I were in the restaurant we
were waiting for a table when they asked
to say our name so they could call us
and also the table was ready
Maddy was at all cares for Maddy and
they were so what is that Maddy no like
can you spread that out she was like
with addy then oh sorry Dave like how is
Maddie's name Dave like how do they get
Dave from Maddy I have no idea you kinda
had to be there like for it to be funny
but anyway so we gonna eat it out finish
eating all of my dinner now and it was
absolutely delicious I'm not sure how
healthy it actually was I feel I feel
guilty I feel bad for eating a lot of
noodles but one sweet Annette there's no
point feeling bad because I cannot
change it that's what I have to remind
myself in life whenever you feel bad
about something happening if you can't
change it then there's no point feeling
bad about it because what's done is done
and now we move forward and we change
things for the future that is how it is
yeah so now I am about to film a new
main channel no not main channel video
for this channel here maybe even going
up the same days this not too sure
because today I've got a tomorrow I
can't even speak tomorrow I've got a
crazy busy day as you'll see I've got a
book signing in London but I've just set
up all my camera here I know you can see
myself there and I'm finally about to
film trying all of this candy stuff so
one of the bags I've got all Swedish
candy and then they're all sweets or
chocolate or drinks or whatever there is
I don't even know what there is in there
and then the other one is just random
disgusting candy and stuff so I'm sorry
that this daily vlog hasn't been very
long today I promise you I've been super
super productive but I just haven't
really filmed too much I just finished
recording the try and Swedish candy
video and I was about to start recording
the trying like disgusting candy video
that I've told you guys about but I am
absolutely sweet chocolate chewy stuff
I love licorice stuff out like I have
had too many sweets in my mouth and my
stomach in the last ten minutes to be
able to even eat anymore like I just
tried so many different chocolates and
sweets it is insane so I think I'm gonna
probably fill Detroit in the film there
try and disgusting candy like another
time because I'm just candied out right
now oh my gosh that really is going to
be good though I'll try and put it up
either the same day as this or the day
after like the next couple of days kind
of thing and give the video a thumbs up
if you're excited for that one I think
it's going to be really really good and
I know a lot of you guys live in Sweden
who watch my videos so yeah it's just
cool been able to try something from
your country yesterday's video is
strange because the video that I put up
today yesterday's video for you guys was
34 minutes long and it was so jam-packed
full of stuff and then like the next day
like today it's just so short and I've
done barely anything that I filmed we're
gonna go to sleep now so thank you so
much watching today and he took my vest
off I never sleep put pajamas on hope
you enjoyed the video give it a big ol
thumbs up we did another productive day
those seven days done of the 90 day
challenge that is crazy okay I'll catch
you tomorrow tomorrow morning I'm going
off to London for a London book signing
which is super exciting so it's going to
be a good day tomorrow
see then good night
