good morning guys how you doing today
we've got some good news and we've only
got some bad news
what do you want to start off with very
good or bad news whoosh we start with
the bad news so we got woken up at 5:00
a.m. this morning to find that our
little one had had an upset stomach in
her bed shall we say and it wasn't very
nice so I had to clear all that out and
so we had to take her outside and then
she threw up on the floor a load of
water because obviously yes I told you
yesterday's video after the injections
yesterday she wasn't allowed to eat the
24 hours and was only allowed to drink
limited amounts and the vet specifically
said if she throws up her water you have
to bring her back so she throw up her
water which is exactly what we didn't
want happening so we've just
straightened the vets and I've had to
cancel my gym session this morning even
though my trainer was literally outside
the door and I in his car to pick me up
and I do be not really sorry ma'am we've
got to go to the vet to now so I can
imagine a thing so we've cancelled my
gym we're going to the vet soon and
Norris a little pony one downstairs so
instead of putting her back in her crate
to go to bed we've cornered off like
part of the kitchen and filled it of her
favorite toys and blankets and beds and
stuff like that so that she has like a
little area in case she does have
another upset stomach then she can do
her business and then get away from it
as well but it's just not good so I
think she's got to go back and have some
blood test today
good news time the good news
Zoey what is the good news I wanted to
see a Zoey just won a Teen Choice Award
like I didn't even remembers that bad
boyfriend I forgot that you even voted
for it yeah going to bed last night did
you even know that it was on vicodin you
can even tell me we went to bed up like
oh it's the Teen Choice Awards oh I
forgot I didn't even know I'm sorry
sorry choked up and everyone was like
sorry am I mentioned that we were
speaking first we were always looking at
I saw my photo not to a DA on Instagram
and I follow Cameron Dallas on Instagram
and I saw that he had a picture of his
sir oh my god and then you're like no I
would have known by now if I won and
then you went on Twitter and everyone
was like congratulations congratulations
so Zoe just wanted Teen Choice Award
that's my second most asleep how
ridiculous is that I honestly didn't
think I would win it at all you didn't
even tell anyone to vote for you I was
like the only British youtuber that was
nominated yeah did you know that that's
crazy
and they didn't ask me to go over for
the awards I don't think so I was like
oh it won't be me like it'll be someone
who's there so then I woke up and I was
like wow that's amazing
then I hope they send out all the way to
the UK people who run there people who
run if you're watching you oh sorry the
first one and this one we want to surf
boards in our house for her woods she'll
go down and check on our little pup
where would we put them mmm on the wall
but in your office on the wall like next
to each other we're gonna go and check
on our little thank you to everyone that
voted cuz I probably won't blog maybe
we'll rock today actually and don't know
what we're doing today now cancel my gym
session I'm slowing off we have to go to
the vet yeah um but thank you - OH
time for breakfast - start of the day
nice and positive with a good start I
have got again 65 grams of porridge and
I've also got egg one egg yolk and then
the rest of it is egg whites and then
I've also got here a little ten little
almonds little almonds and I'm catching
up on mr. Ben Brown mr. Ben Brown I've
got some amazing news I haven't finished
eating breakfast yet it is so good
something has just arrived at the front
door a delivery for the one and only
topper where Toby are you ready people
are you ready for my first Tupperware
whole item number one
we have this little box much smaller
than what I thought it was gonna be but
nevertheless it's still good right - no
- we have the same little box just
another one item number three we have
again the same little box another one
that is it tough where all is over give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoy that
I got my three double web boxes yeah I
need number six coming on the way I'm
still yet to finish eating my breakfast
and it is personal time personal time
with Alfie we haven't really got a song
or a thing for that yeah I think every
time I get a parcel I make up a new
different little jingle or they probably
end up being the same one and I just
think I've made it up each time yeah I'm
saying the same one every time no no
come up here coming up a cuddle
one set let me just put up on the sofa
Jun say hello to everyone and tell
everyone how poorly you are yeah look at
her little tail guys this is what makes
me so sad how low her tail is because
obviously I turned isn't oh look at her
spine where she's gone skinny because
she hasn't eaten in like 24 hours so
okay baby we're going to the vets in a
minute they're gonna make you all better
it just makes me so sad seeing her so
sad like a little tail that's what I
know when she's excited her tail or
always her tail is always so curly and
up and then when she's excited her tail
like shakes and she moves it loads and
since like all of yesterday it's
literally just been like down like it's
so sad anyways I've got a big old parcel
and I'm really really excited about I
haven't got a knife
I'm really excited about this I've been
waiting for this for like four days and
it was a very big decision because it is
a very expensive parcel so let me
explain a little bit first these daily
vlogs that are film now but the quality
looks really nice now for some reason
but sometimes I want to vlog in embed
it's so yellow or I'm out of focus
sometimes and the camera just like these
little bits like on the lens go a bit
weird so I basically I've gone through
three is it maybe four
g7x is since I've been daily vlogging
not the whole time since they came out
I've literally gone through three or
four and each time they're like 400
pounds each or something so I've spent a
crazy amount of money on g7x cameras but
they just keep on breaking and the
quality of like this one is getting
worse and worse as I'm vlogging I
dropped it the other day and the screens
a bit wobbly so I bought a new camera I
think I told you this in a blog the
other day I'm going to try out a sony
camera it is in here I'm yet to open it
because I haven't got any scissors with
me let me try and use my teeth oh is
that a bit dirty nope my chief aren't
strong enough just wants to open now I'm
gonna put you down here
do whatever paper they put this in is
insanely strong what is that
what are they kidding me are you
actually kidding me oh okay don't worry
whoa look at my camera battery that I
got with that there's nothing in there I
was like are they serious and then the
sides been cut I thought somebody in the
parcel place had like Nick broken in and
stolen the battery because the batteries
for these cameras are like 40 quid each
but it says there's a sticker on the
back that says based on Aviation
Regulations therefore the battery has
been inserted into the camera slash
charge of put in the box oh my gosh I
thought they sent me this for 40 quid
with no battery in it that annoys me but
here we go this is my brand-new daily
vlogging camera I am so excited
it is the Sony rx100 mock or there's the
Mach 3 that I know a few people use but
this is the brand-new Mach 4 and it's
meant to be like amazing even
shoots video in 4k now I'm not gonna
shoot my day books in 4k because people
don't even have a 4k monitor let alone
actually bother watching the video in 4k
but this camera apparently for 1080p is
just really really good as about start
using the new canva this is not the new
camera this is still my old one because
I just spoke to Steve Booker who has the
new camera and he's had it for a little
while and he's don't use it yet it's
super complicated to set up it's not
just like turn on point and shoot you
have to change other settings and do
lots to it and he's going to help me
tonight so you're not going to see the
new camera probably in this video maybe
later tonight we now have to take
knowledge of the vets he's really not
well today like she's just not herself
at all oh this makes me so sad
her little tail was gone up a bit come
on then look at her walk in she's
walking so like wobbly time to get going
to the gym time to get going to the gym
so I didn't tell you guys I forgot
because I was just editing the daily
vlog we are Nala less today so we just
took Nala to the vets and like it seems
like bad news but I'm looking at it more
positively and try not to think of it as
bad news basically now I've got admitted
to the vets which means that we had to
leave her there and she had to stay
there with them because she's just
throwing up everything she eats and
drink and they think she might be a
little bit dehydrated they've had
they're gonna put her on a drip and
they're gonna leave her there and then
they're also gonna scan her stomach they
said they don't think there's going to
be anything there they don't think
they're gonna find anything but they're
gonna have a look at her stomach because
when they're pressing on her stomach
they didn't feel like they didn't feel
anything and all it wasn't moaning at
all so they're they're pretty adamant
that they're not gonna find anything in
there that's like out of the ordinary
but they said that she could have
swallowed something maybe that could
maybe have caused this to happen so
they're just going to basically check
for everything and it also gonna take
some blood as well to check for her
I've got a taxi outside for my gym and
then they're also going to take Bloods
as well just to check to make sure
everything we basically said just do
everything you possibly can just to try
and find out what it is and make it
better as quick as possible and there's
no point us having her here with us
because she was just been so frail and
not eating or not drinking rather than
when she's at the vets they can at least
put her on a drip so that she still get
an energy and everything inside her body
that she needs and she's been looked
after by professional vets so I kind of
sad that she's not here with us now like
that is genuinely upsetting but she's in
better hands than issues with us which
is the good the main the main thing
trying to look at it a positively she's
in the best hand she can possibly be
right I need to quit brush my teeth
because every time I take in and out my
vis leg braces these things here
you're meant to brush your teeth to make
sure that there's no food in them before
you put them back in and I'm gonna wear
them to the gym now obviously because I
have to wear them all day every day and
my taxis outside so I need to go quick
Sascha's of the other day with edge
edges on his way he's gonna be here any
minute I'm just a little bit early I was
doing those things were like it's kind
of like a thing is called a reverse
muscle up and the edge was just pushing
my shoulder a little bit I wanna see if
I can do it by myself never tried this
before
yeah I did it man I can do them why do
it was so great I know that stretchy
already to the lighting sure nice to be
so good at all this bar stuff that I
think you're nuts depth but swing I used
to just swing all the way around one of
those you saw that swing up your hands
and in the easin oh my gosh
I've lost so much technique I want to
learn how to do a thing with a muscle
which is basically the forward thing of
what I just did that is stand there and
then you pull up push on the bar it is
crazy hard you need a lot of strength
and a lot of technique I'm knowing near
there but I've put a band on the bar
here can you see that in there they're
like a band on here and I'm gonna try
and do it with my feet in the band so it
takes like a a little bit of my way out
not much but a little bit just let you
know this is the smallest band the gym
have there are much thicker ones down
there but this is a very small one
because I don't want to take away too
much weight
oh man I tried through that last from
the drugs I've realized in the first one
I was jumping a little bit up into the
to the pull up there so I tried in the
last four no jump in at all and it works
it's getting there it's just bloomin
tough you know but this band helps a
little bit I really want to try out the
band by knowledge in okay I was so bad
alfie deyes on his non assisted muscle
up
left you in a daze oh there is
mass hurts
last hour max rep with 80 and at our
hundred today
and now to end the workout with 125
branches
I am so happy with how today's gym
session went guy is like so so happy I
switched it up a little bit and I asked
to just do more like color what's the
work Cal aesthetics canister something
like that basically means bar work so
instead of just lifting weights you're
doing like body weights on the bar and
stuff which has ruined my hands let me
show you this that is one cut on my hand
there in the middle all my fingers are
cut and mashed up another cut on my hand
there the skins will flap in all of that
that isn't disgusting but it was such
such a good session I nailed and I
didn't think I could like I never
properly tried them before muscle ups
which are a lot harder than what they
look that's the thing I was hanging from
the bar and then I pulled up and I
pushed it and I was on top of the bar
like try it out try it out yourself on
something in like the park or
scaffolding or somewhere it is a lot
harder than what it looks but it's the
first time I've ever properly tried like
with my trainer to do them and he just
went give it a go and try it out and I
was like ok I'll try it out because you
know as I saw in the video as I showed
you in the video I was doing it with a
black elastic and I showed him I can do
of them elastic and he was like well
just try it without it and I was like
really you say yeah try it I was like ok
so I tried it just did it first time
like straight up the first time I ever
tried to do a muscle up I did it
how crazy is that but one thing that I
haven't done yet today one thing that I
have done is to clear up with that pile
of clothes that down there is dirty
washing this down here I need to fold up
and put back into my drawers is all
clean but I have yet to do the pen the
crossing off of the day so down here we
have the calendar the 16th Sunday the
16th see you later
done look at that guys we've now done 5
days so today is the sixth day so far I
think it's going good
I've eaten healthy breakfast I have yet
to have my lunch
I've also edited the daily vlog and
reply someone's ringing my mobile this
is so awkward who's ringing me work oh
man
one minute let me carry this upstairs
then I'm gonna answer it Maddie Maddie
I'll be okay one minute
I don't know I'm saying that it's not
like she can hear me it's so strange
just not having niala here as well
oh I've also done the dishwasher today
which is good how to help you Brett
first edited and uploaded the daily vlog
scheduled for tonight I'm just feeling
good I'm feeling so good about today I
think what I might do today is I've got
my gym bag down here let's put this away
I might edit and film sorry not in
paying attention to you guys I might
film and edit they trying Swedish and
random candies I don't know if just
stick plasters on my hands or not
because like the the flat B skin on my
hand is just annoying me so I'm wiping
in a little plaster on each one and then
order some gym gloves so that I don't
just keep on ripping my hands into
pieces my food prepping is going
incredibly well I food prepped all my
lunch although I've realized that it is
one minute to one it is one minute one
and I'm just having my lunch now which
is ridiculous but anyways I'm not gonna
eat any less just because of that so
I've got that there that I meant to eat
like 11 o'clock half-past one and then
my dinner here which is just missing
spacely that's rice almonds broccoli
tuna my almonds broccoli tuna although
it's only got half a portion and tuna
only have one tin and I meant to have
two tins a day and I've only got one tin
the tuna so I'm have to have it and then
in here I've got beetroot spinach
chicken breast maybe I think I've got
two chicken breasts in there I'm not
sure and then in here I've got a massive
it's going to be ready in like two
minutes
sweet potato all chopped up with salt
and pepper on it which lips I think it
might just be ready now I think it is
ready now it looks so good look at that
mm-hmm there we go
look how good that looks I'm like a
proper gym guy now I've just received a
call from the vets which again like this
morning is kind of good news but kind of
bad news at the same time so Wow blinded
me Nala is gonna have to stay
which is obviously a shame like it's so
weird her not being here now oh so he's
made another sofa all nice this book is
really well again she has finished
reading the book today as well she's
read that but I mean quickly in a day so
no nerds got to stay at the vets night
which seems like a bad thing but let me
tell you so she only once she had blood
test which is where they checked the
white blood cells in red blood cells
they check her liver her kidneys and
everything came back as it should
perfect so I have Bloods nothing to
worry about
they then did a scan on her stomach to
check that if she had anything what did
the woman use on the phone she said
something very funny like out-of-body
substances or something basically like
if she swallowed anything that she
shouldn't have and they haven't found
anything at all so her stomach gets all
the basically all the test results came
back positive she's still obviously not
really we can't eat yeah and she hasn't
eaten since yesterday morning which she
threw up anyway
so she's still very like frail and not
herself so they said that she's not
ready to come home just yet and that
they're gonna keep her in tonight and
keep an eye on her and watch her as
she's still on a drip which is I see is
a good thing because it means that she's
getting the nutrition and everything
that she should be getting without just
vomiting it up and stuff like that put
it straight so it's sad that she's not
gonna be here tonight with us like even
now it's just so strange not having like
her running around and like cuddling me
and stuff like that it's so weird but
looking at it positively they're keeping
her in there because they want to make
her better obviously and the drip and
everything and they've got professional
vets obviously looking after her so
looking it's looking good the test
results came back as good as they
possibly could and everything was really
really well but she's still unwell so
they're gonna keep her an overnight to
try and make her better more quickly
which it sounds good to me
um other than the fact that she'd poorly
which isn't ideal but yeah so if you
don't see her running around tonight or
there's
in talking and playing with her that is
because she's not here
no Mahalo tonight was just sad
but anyways anyways at least she's
getting looked after and she's getting
everything she needs done which is the
most important thing and then hopefully
when she comes back home tomorrow she'll
be all hyper and running around and
they're back to her normal self it was
like sometimes like you guys see in the
vlogs that she's so calm no I do you
know that she's so calm you guys
obviously don't see her 24/7 so
sometimes I meet you guys in the street
in the open oh my god knowledge so
perfect compared to my dog my dog runs
around like crazy and barks and stuff
and I'm like I'll trust me
gnarlie is exactly the same she hates
pulling the pigeon in the garden and and
yet she is a crazy dog don't ever think
she's not because she is crazy
like if you ever meet her in the street
and stuff she's like I don't ever is
literally like a kid on chocolate like
who's taken eaten too much chocolate
24/7 that is raw knowledge like no not
24/7 that is like up until about 8 p.m.
at night and then after 8 p.m. she's
like asleep and the cutest dog in the
world bang on when we had her this
morning she was so calm and docile and
like like feeling really really poorly
not good and I was just like I want
nothing holla back to Zoey I was like I
didn't think I'd ever say this but I
won't have to go crazy I wanted to run
and jump off the cypher and fight her
toys and bark at the pigeons outside I
don't I don't like it when she's all
quiet and not feeling well so hopefully
over the next couple of days she'll get
back to normal that's what I opened the
vet said that one thing that could have
triggered her having like an upset
stomach could be just the shock of her
having her lap spay which is where she
got spayed via what's it called the tiny
little holes what are they called what's
the cord
what is it gold I don't remember kiyo
surgery that is
her keyhole surgery but anyways positive
note everything is getting good with
Nala everything is improving and they
said that I'm gonna call them tonight
before I go to bed I said I'd call them
around 10 o'clock or 10:30 and check how
she's doing and if they need anything or
they need to let us know of anything
then they've obviously got my move on
and remember the cool thing right I need
to eat another little lunch and I just
ordered some gym gloves because
obviously my hands are like all ripped
up which is fine like in the long run I
don't want to be wearing gym laps I love
my hands to be tough enough to be able
to do all the bars and everything like
that and have them not rip so I don't
plan to wear the gym gloves often but
it's when I've got stuff like this I
ordered them on Amazon Prime which means
they're gonna come tomorrow and I think
they were quite cheap actually for gym
gloves they look like really good ones
they were like Gold's Gym or whatever
that famous gym and whatever it is and
they were like seven pounds or something
eight pounds and because I have Amazon
Prime they just come the next day for
free so I'm getting them tomorrow I just
feel so productive I feel really good
really good and I hope you do too
because if there's ever anything not to
be too deep guys if there's ever
anything you don't like in your life
change it like it is your life nobody
else's life you're not living for
anybody else the way I see it is if you
don't make your own dreams come true and
then there is a famous quote about this
but I can't remember the quote off the
top of my head if you don't make your
dreams come true then you're just gonna
spend your life working to make somebody
else's dreams come true
which I think it's really hard well for
me it does anyway because I'm somebody
that is very independent I like to do
everything that I don't know I don't
know do you know what I mean you know
what I mean yeah I would even said what
I made basically I like to try and make
my dreams happen for example this 90 day
fitness thing for example when you guys
used to tell me Alfie you barely ever
upload any daily voc's and when you do
there a month late and I'll go to
is not film all the places of VidCon and
it would go up like two months after the
event happened and everyone in my
comments would be like typical outpace
so I was like okay I wouldn't start they
could login
I'm gonna do it the next day every
single day and I'm not going to give up
and since then it's been like something
like ten months or nearly a year now
that I've been daily vlog in so yeah if
you want something in life go and
freakin get it don't anybody tell you
that you can't do it don't let anybody
stop you put everything you want to into
making it happen and start that today
why start tomorrow when I hear people
talking about dieting or exercise or
starting a hobby it's always ru I'm
gonna start that tomorrow why why not
start right now tonight can be a din
towards you making that goal happen so
spend tonight doing something that you
want to do in the future in the long run
spend that time and if that's doing
maths homework and extra map so make an
extra visor because you only being an
accountant in the long run then go do
that if you want to be a writer than
practice your writing read load of books
research that kind of stuff and if you
want to make youtube videos that don't
listen to what anybody else says don't
listen to the haters don't listen to
other people that put you down if you
want to do something go and do it and
blooming enjoy doing it okay I feel like
Phillip had a nice little run got that
off my chest
I don't know why it was wrong my chest
get off my chest all the way good off my
chest
all right I'm being weird now I'm gonna
eat this second little lunch and watch
probably YouTube videos and maybe plan a
new main channel video then I'm gonna
film later tonight then what I'm gonna
film I have no idea we'll soon find out
when I film it maybe hopefully I wanna
film tonight maybe even film he gave me
videos tonight I don't even know so just
spread to my mom on the phone now to
tell her what's going on with neither
and everything and then she said oh and
as we're in the phone call she's oh I'm
about to pick that up from the train
station because my dad works and London
every single day if you didn't know he
works in London and commutes from
Brighton to London every single day and
they're from his back works crazy long
hours like ridiculous traveling I feel
so sorry for him but wait woman it was
there that I need to grab this camera's
back to one
charger now but I got one and then she
was I'm going to pick dad straight up
and then we're going straight to take
buzz for a walk in the park so I was
like wait pick me up on the way it's
kind of on the way to the park so mums
gonna swim by Orser poppy and Zoe are
out together getting their eyebrows
plucked don't want to say and then doing
a little bit of shopping so yeah I'm
gonna go out for a walk in the park with
buzz mum and dad which is going to be
sad
there's no Nala because normally retain
all about as well but there's no Nala
tonight but oh well so I've got 15
minutes until mom comes and picks me up
so I'm going to try an empty the
dishwasher and fill the dishwasher of
all of this rubbish in the next 15
minutes that is my challenge and then
off to the park
look at these they're literally perfect
they're blister blasters and look how
big they are the exact size of my car
right I've just taken baths for a walk
with mum and dad I didn't film anything
I was just chilling in the park of him
had a lot of fun Zoe came immersed in
the park and then we decided because we
haven't gone darling tonight we may as
well do something that we wouldn't
normally be able to do was having
neither so we have spur-of-the-moment
decided to go visit an orange on it then
we've told Jonathan although he was like
agree with Anna
we just rang Anna honor who just wanna
we just wanna we just rang Anna as she
didn't answer her phone
so who kind of we like
okay let me show you it's a telephone
pole it's not a real tree this one here
this one so we are on the way down and
Jonathan's I don't even know if they
hundreds in there doesn't even know the
skinny jelly oh here they are
since we haven't got knowledge night
I've made a new little French place
already no don't say that
I've got my little friend newbies here
watch the video and get jealous no by
the time this video goes out we can lean
Darla in your eyes she's so sweet
every time I come over here she's always
the one that got me on yes although her
eyes are super intense it feels like
she's staring into my soul wanna see a
mix of me in Taylor Swift I'm not gonna
like this am I yeah that's literally
horrible there is nothing on the Emma
Watson Taylor Swift mix maybe you guys
see now and it doesn't hurt to use it up
top
don't mixes you want me to make you a
Twitter account and show you how to use
it and it's currently using Jonathan's
laptop she doesn't have one are you
seriously asking how to find my Twitter
my Twitter are you on my Twitter
even a picture that was pretty how good
is that
that's Emma Watson interest really like
Taylor Swift though no I'm Emma Watson
yeah
are they your two favorites my till you
pay let's put together oh my god
somebody should do this and then drop
Zoe into it the Vasari just got mixture
taylor swift now in it and you know if
somebody did it properly someone of you
guys who's gonna furniture properly mix
the three of them together and then this
is just getting creepy no no no no then
drop me into it and then drop knowledge
just go oh my god drop all of us into a
picture and if we had like a communal
child guys you should see the size of
this spider I've got a phone of me
there's the world's biggest spider
that's right over there oh my god don't
touch it you serious what don't let the
dogs near it might eat them honestly I
can't describe how big that spider is my
hands and it's a hand span spider that
is disgust get down the drain get down
there Incy Wincy Spider is that the guy
she kills in the kitchen always take out
that is a huge writing memo he likes
there's nothing over there alright guys
I just got back and I'm laying on the
bed I'm literally gonna end this blog so
quickly because I just slept the entire
car journey back the time is currently
144 in the morning I've got my personal
trainer pick me up at 9 o'clock I'm
gonna fall asleep so good tonight yes I
if you enjoyed today give the video a
big thumbs up to let me know the dead
and I'll catch you tomorrow I already
feel like I'm asleep
good night
