good morning guys how are you doing I
hope you are having a lovely day
wherever you are in the world it is
crazy that people watch these videos
from literally I think it is more or
less every single country in the world
that is absolutely insane I hope you
having a lovely day I hope you've got
lovely weather and I hope you're just
enjoying yourself and you're well you
know I hope that you're well that is the
most important thing today is day five
so I'm going to tick off day for seal it
we're getting there ready like this is
actually to say like already day five
made me feel like I signed this thing
yesterday let's take this one off the
fifteenth Saturday see you later
did you yesterday yo four in a row now
guys myself Zoe poppy Shona mom and dad
actually I think dad's come in no yeah
that is come in we're going to see that
new Disney film you know the one inside
out the one where it's like inside their
head we all really really wanted to see
it for a while and we've decided that
eleven o'clock this morning she jumped
off there no not allowed to do parkour
what forty stomach she just jumped off
of here not even off the sofa off of
here she's not allowed to do that
because of her poorly stammer from her
operation
missingno run is I know you're excited
this the morning we are not allowed
right I have got to start off today with
my food plan it was meant to start at
half-past seven it is now ten minutes to
nine don't Mario did wake up earlier we
got up gnarly was gnarly gnarly gnarly
was a little bit poorly this morning so
we've been looking after her we've been
up for like over an hour or so but I
just haven't had time to eat yet
so I need to look at what my trainer
said I have to have and when I have to
have it because I think it was meant to
start at 7:30 this morning and I kind of
haven't eaten yet for breakfast I need
to start off with between half a pie
half a liter and a liter of water damn
it I'm at than that yeah and then 7:30
damn it
730 yards meant to eat 60
grams of oats with protein shake for
eggs and three egg whites 10 almonds and
a green tea right
that's what gooks yesterday I filled
this little covered up here with loads
of that stuff when I bought it all so
let's make it all let's make my new
breakfast breakfast is made right so
we've got my porridge with protein shake
there's so much of it it's gonna take me
ages to eat eggs almonds gritty still
got to remember water fast
yo this is a big old breakfast I think
the only thing that is gonna make this
really hard for me is my chest pains
when I eat as long as I like have a good
days eating maybe this could even help
my chest pains like having a fixed diet
how much you used to eat like people
used to like where's your food go
exactly so much you could have literally
like three meals yeah I used to go to
Nando's and I mean here's how you
schedule Anders and have like six sides
I'm not I guess I used to get a double
chicken wrap then I would also get its
filling inside chips aperi sole rights
or lips then also get the hummus dip
starter probably add in like I was into
yoga my chest thing if my chest doesn't
hurt then I'm gonna eat all of it
I have to be hungry you have to be
hungry I have no choice I forgot to show
you guys that we are no longer going to
the cinema which is a shame because I
really really wanted to see that movie
but we've all got different things going
on at different times like I've got time
I'm a daily blog at 5 so if I mention a
video got me trying a video Poppy's got
blog post mum and dad are doing
something today so we've all got things
different times we thought we were gonna
go but we no longer are but it doesn't
matter we can go and see another time I
was meant to have two lunches with this
like food plan thing one was earlier
about no one was way earlier I've made
to have one two hours ago and then
the other one like an Arab a half an
hour ago so I've kind of got two lunches
right next to each other now I've got II
this which is 25 grams of rice tuna
broccoli and some almonds and then I've
got the same over here so I've now got
to eat both portions of those which is a
ton of food I don't know how I'm going
to manage to eat all of that but I have
to do I think I'm going to have like a
half an hour or an hour break in between
them and then obviously I've got dinner
tonight which is I'm missing another me
oz met have another meal pretty soon but
I'm just going to give that one to miss
because I'm not even working out today
so I don't want to eat a crazy amount
but I've already cooked chicken but
tonight I've cut three chicken breasts
which I only actually need one tonight
I'm gonna have sweet potato and
vegetables which is going to be true and
spinach with that tonight you also need
to do with the dishwasher we've got a
lot of mess down there I like having to
cook in advance or cook proper meals I
don't know I should have done this more
I hope I hope that I stick to this diet
thing because this it's cool so far
right I now need to edit my daily blog I
sent to quickly jump in here and get a
battery because this camera is about to
run out any second
and I've got a brand new fully charged
one under the desk charging down here Oh
dropped it on the floor here we go so
I'm now going to switch the batteries
over but then I'm also going to edit the
daily blog so I need some SD card on
this camera here so I'll catch you in a
bit had a little bit of an event guys I
just got off the phone now had to ring
the vets because knowledge just can't
keep her food down she threw up her
breakfast and for lunch about half past
one we gave her just plain white rice
like boiled and some plain chicken which
is meant to be the best thing because a
super plan to give dogs once they've got
like bad stomachs and then like five
hours later just now she's just thrown
up on the floor which isn't great so
just running the bets now the emergency
vets and we've got an appointment at
7:45 tonight yeah
we have to go tonight where to the same
place our normal bets which is good so
that's a thing now she's just feeling
very sorry for herself they didn't know
they just said we're booking see you
back you okay baby
you poorly you can't keep your food in
your tummy can you that's not good it's
really testing my mother phobia yeah so
he's got massive phobia of vomit if you
didn't know it's sick so every now and
again like oh yeah and diarrhea
whoo I didn't even tell these guys they
share diarrhea as well it's just been
nice it's been really really nice just
clearing up sick and diarrhea you know
on a more positive note both my videos
are just go live both my daily vlog and
my main channel video which is really
good but we haven't really done yeah you
can't
of course you can but we haven't really
had a chance to do anything fun today
we've just been taking it back relaxing
and looking after Nala because she's
been shooting some b-ball up you know
good one a couple of guys yeah they're
also this healthy eating thing is really
testing me like I just because I'm not
really eating a lot of carbs I'd 50
grams of rice which isn't very much
I'm just feel so hungry like I've eaten
a lot but I just don't feel like the
bloat is full I think like the normal
sign of being full up is being like to
fill up for me I don't know if that
makes sense but normally I eat any any
age alumni oh my gosh I'm so full up but
I don't feel like that because I haven't
had much carbs so I feel like I need to
eat I need to eat something but I don't
have had enough to eat it's just strange
not like eating to the point where I'm
like oh my gosh I'm so full I don't know
maybe that's just me who likes to eat a
lot also it's kind of hard to eat
healthy when you've got this just
sitting there all of those cakes and
then over here
we also have this just chilling here a
bag of my favorite chocolates for us
round and then over here we have
something even more tempting we have
this which is just full of the yummy
chocolate bars look at that Kit Kat
chunky and Zowie even just put a Kit Kat
chunky in the fridge so that's gonna be
a nice cold Kit Kat chunky but I can't
eat it I have to stick to things like
this oh she came running over thinking
it was her food you can't have any more
food because you can't keep it in you
feel little shaving the sides so sad
pani is gonna take six to eight weeks
for her hair on the sides to go back off
to the vets we go it's after Nala calm
down calm down Missy guys and we've got
kind of good news he said that it was
basically okay but the worst thing to do
when a dog has diarrhea vomit is to feed
them and of course that's what we did
with Nala not knowing that we weren't
meant to so he was like of course like
when you're sick could you could then go
eat another meal no you wait it out so
we're not allowed to feed nyla now for
the next 24 hours and she's just had two
injections one to slow down her
digestion which means that she won't
have diarrhea and an anti sickness pill
to not make her be sick which will be
good you feeling sorry for yourself and
poorly at the moment yeah let's take
this little jacket off the view come
here let's hit that off good girl you
don't need that do you you okay you're a
brave girl of your injections you didn't
even moan at all did you
she had two injections and she literally
just acted like nothing was happening
she was just sat there like whilst he
injected the back of her neck twice so
super super proud of her and now Zoey
and I what you up to
just tell em on Twitter I am just baking
a sweet potato in the oven to go with my
chicken that I made earlier and then I'm
going to add some beetroot and some
spinach and then I'm also just about to
have a protein shake before that as well
so still ijen still sticking to I
haven't you too tall so far although
those giant buttons are killing me and
so is that cold KitKat in the fridge but
none of that oh my I don't if you saw in
yesterday's video but so at the end had
chocolate was getting super hyper so she
was doing lots of really funny things so
he's just retweeted somebody who tweeted
her this and then that oh my god that's
so funny and my dinner is complete I got
beat true I got load of spinach I got
chicken and I got sweet potato why does
your bedroom always make me yellow I
think I know just a really really yell
and I look at yellow I look right I'm
gonna end the vlog now guys let me turn
back off the light I've just got dug up
in bed brush my teeth got kit it's not
catch got toothpaste everywhere all over
me
what are we watching yes ma'am yes ma'am
oh and so he's reading the book I bought
hurt can I show them the book yeah I
watch this film a lot because it's one
of the films that made me decide to say
yes to a lot so one of my sayings is
always just say yes awesome to
everything like that would be ridiculous
no but to thing that it's like it means
a lot to me because that was the year I
decided to say yes to things I would
never normally say yesterday mmm
so this film is what inspired me
I also lots of other things but I was
watching this and I was like why don't I
do this when you watch it so like no
streams got a really good underlying
message behind it yeah for sure this
film opens up the idea that if you say
yes to something more good things will
happen you open up like you go down this
route or like paths
or like I don't know things happen that
would not have happened if you'd have
said no no no he said see you get
yourself reciting the law of attraction
isn't it which is if you're positive
more positive things will happen I think
that's the okay that isn't it or so who
was it was it ninny the other day he
tweeted saying that she bought this book
that she'd like decluttered and that she
liked decluttered her life and
everything and then it's called
life-changing magic of tidying I made a
joke to Lily saying oh my god I need
this iPad Alfie's already ordering it
for me and Amazon Prime and then a
healthy screen literally a screen on
Amazon Prime like one second right now
because everyone is like it's a good
record everyone saying it's really
really yeah maybe I should read it as
well but um yeah we've just been looking
after Nala all evening that's why not
much has been happening
she just after her injections the doctor
the vet said yeah one speak n the vet
said today they'll make her really calm
and really quiet and sleepy she's
literally been like another dog like her
tail is nobody like cold and up like a
little piggy he's been like completely
sag down like she just looks so sad and
like song I'm like yeah and she keeps
him being sick in her mouth like little
bits not probably sick because she can't
eat because she had an anti sickness but
just really like I don't know it's so
sad she just seemed like she was like 80
years old and she was so frail so just
put her to bed now and we're leaving all
the doors open so the occasion makes any
noise in the night and she needs us then
we can quickly go down and help her but
yeah I saw that the vlog wasn't as
entertaining today I thought we were
gonna have a really lively fun busy day
but it ended up just being a really
chatty day of us not doing much because
Nala wasn't do well but I hope you
understand we've got a dog and that
sometimes that's the way it goes
Zoey and I said it's literally like if
we had a baby like I can imagine this
what we're feeling right now is exactly
what it's like to have a baby like we
have barely any sleep last night
got woken up really early to cry in we
battery bed she's been vomiting and
pulling all day like a poorly child this
is yeah I just having like a baby not a
baby but I suppose yeah like a little
little baby just puta snappy she put her
bed long it's really like when you feed
baby sometimes they just stick it back
up we're basically at a baby today a
little baby little sad baby listen to
this in this book it says I've assisted
individual clients who have thrown up
two hundred forty five liter bin bags in
one go two hundred in one go yo what was
their original house light no idea
massive obviously help jeez I need to be
that book off da cuz I need to tidy my
office right yeah that's good I'm just a
really slow reader no I'm not no I'm not
yeah I'm not slow at reading I just read
slowly that makes sense quote Alfie
deyes 2015 I'm not slow rude and I just
read anyway so I'm gonna get sleep now
guys another successful day of the 95
down that is good doesn't any feel like
I started yesterday Zoe it's already
been five days that's a lot that's crazy
it's or even five days so there was the
fifth day so we can cross that one off
tomorrow morning together in tomorrow's
blog and yeah thanks for watching if you
enjoyed it give the video a thumbs up
thank you so much for the sport and the
two new videos that we're not tonight
you guys seem to be loving them if you
haven't seen them yet links to both of
them will be down below and go check out
the Cubs tag that means Zoe did and
yesterday's daily blog being stuck back
there subscribe if you want to see more
from me and I'll catch you tomorrow good
night
