good morning guys oh thank you for
kisses how you doing
just editing today's vlog downstairs the
time is currently 9 minutes oh one
though and I woke up at 8:30 on the dot
and so did neither that is all I and
we've said we're gonna wake up a 7:30
every single day but last night we
didn't go to bed until about half-past
one and so we said we can have a lion
for an hour and wake up at 8:30 oh I'm
so tired though that's so tight and this
one is feeling a lot more perky and it's
just wanting attention constantly our
new baby hello
we'd like to go back to oh probably
should be jumping up to safer though
we've got to go back to the vets at
half-past then I'll pass then that's not
a time Hoppa ten just for knowledge to
have like a update thing you have to go
back after they have the lapse pay you
have to go about two days later to make
sure that everything is okay and then
ten days later to make sure that
everything is like fully okay and she's
healed in the long run kind of thing but
she seems fine and yet last night we had
to look at the scars didn't with Zoey
and the scars where they went in were
little if so it's more than why I
thought there were tiny two little dots
like above and below that she seems
really happy right now she's just
fighting her croc toy with actually
isn't hers you do realize that's Buzz
his toy we stole that we accidentally
stole buzzes toy one time we went over
but he has two of them because he loves
them so much and they get so dirty so
mum bought two so that when his flame of
one she can wash the other one I think
she knows his his and that's why she
loves it I also haven't had breakfast
yet I need to go make some breakfast and
have that oh my gosh I'm just so tired
today but it looks like a lovely day
such nice weather outside
it's a shame econ technology such lovely
weather but oh well anis she's getting
better come here little one let's go get
you checked over
just got out of the vets now and they've
said that she was all good
and making a perfect recovery which is
nice isn't it little one and she's
loving the outsole the Sun is running my
eyes
she hasn't been allowed outside
obviously since she's had it done well
she's been in the garden but that is it
so she is outside now lighting the grass
like running around like where am I
she's loving her life are you loving
life little one you having a nice sniff
of that pole huh
where are you just probably in to
Sainsbury's to go and get some food just
been feeding from personal trainer he's
like right let's start eating the proper
healthy schedule of food food prepping
so he's given me a list on Facebook of
things that I need to be eating on what
times of the day just got all my food
for the next couple of days it's time to
start food prepping guys getting that
health on people must look at me so much
wider now I have some massive all
underneath my camera that I've logged
from although it does look kind of
strange I'm not going to like write all
of this in the boot Oh open up the boot
okay it is such a lovely day it's just
so good today also with this new diet of
food prep thing I'm basically gonna have
to cook and make all my food for the
next day the day before so that it's all
ready we're going to go into that shop
yeah yeah there's a little pet shop just
here that we've never actually entering
for it's called pampered pets so we're
going to pop in now we've got nyla with
us it'll be good and for what I'm saying
yeah my new diet thing if I stick to it
of course pets allowed in pets there's a
little dog bowl outside it's like seven
meals a day seven or eight meals a day I
think so it's going to be blooming a lot
of food constantly throughout the day
such a nice day today is now with the
little animals Nala
look at them oh look at this little guy
oh these are tiny compared to our guinea
pigs
I know oh my gosh hey guys
hello Oh big old boy having asleep a
doggy paddling Bo oh my gosh
hello oh no don't run away don't run
away
Oh should we get a rabbit guys this is
like knowledge during section look at
this mr. frog a thing I just said I like
no it's not is it
she would get something for buds no
squirrel or bird nollet always chasing
squirrels and birds I think we're gonna
have to get Buzz the froggy mr. frog
frog Oh summers ring ading in you just
prepare for Zoe's filming later we have
moved the table over here we're putting
other stuff on that now we've got the
kitchen in the background so that it's a
bit nicer to film what you're going to
shoot for your channel so you know the
cupcakes did I show you the cupcakes
that she made the other day
Zuri just for fun I made some cupcakes
down here let me try show you the button
in the bin why they did the bin they're
still edible in here in that little
cupcake case but they were just for fun
so Zoe is going to remake them to show
you guys how to do it because they
turned out really really good and they
were delicious for her video this week
or going up the same day as this
actually so just popped out to come to a
little prepare to get some food
in Brunswick as it runs with Terius
brother park brother place Brunswick
fair there was like a crazy amount of
people we've got fuzzy boy with us and
Zoe has gone back to go and so he did
come she hung out for a little bit with
issues combat cancel out a new video as
well so scored this at those are weird
stuff to sale and that's with faculty
lot weird suffering people's belongings
that they don't know that they no longer
want I'm hoping to get some food I
haven't had breakfast yet which is
really really bad smallest dog I've ever
seen I think I'm in love
oh my god this is the next one is the
cutest little dog in the world look how
cool these plants are sorry Wow back
home now we're about to film the Zoe's
new video and we've got the most epic
setup you have ever seen so if the video
turns out bad I don't have a clue how it
is definitely awesome not the equipment
so this is Zoe setup here and then we've
got this camera here just recorded an
audio audio only for her microphone
because we haven't got a little clip-on
mic then Oh we'll close the blind then
we've got this camera here which as you
can see is recording like the main shot
and then we've also got me on this big
boy camera here recording close-ups and
then Zoey's got to somehow edit all
those three together they'll be fun that
with that face it's going to go good
right we're going to give it a go so
we've finished filming Zoe's absolutely
hedge video how many how much hours an
hour and 12 minutes of footage so he
hasn't added it I can't over brace again
oh I can't I can't even eat the cake but
also I'm totally healthy so no eating
cake also I just realized that I need to
go upstairs but this video might this
blog spinning off at 5 o'clock so that's
before your video how do you know what I
set my videos over at 5 are you gonna oh
are you gonna maybe join me show them
the cakes okay then I didn't know if
you'd want me to or not these Zoe's
cakes from the video she made some the
other day and they were so delicious
that she had to make some for the video
and as you guys saw the setup that we
used was ridiculously crazy like the
video is going to be nuts we haven't
edited it yeah
just looking so crazy what do you mean
it's not like furball people with
something you're crazy versus over for
Cervelo is pretty pretty damn good no I
think it's good it's got like it just
really really nice quality camera work
not can work not send oh I was good with
a camera but as in the quality of the
shots very very good I know you guys
will see if you see the video it wasn't
very nice shots I just realized that I
have not yet I am yet to I have not done
the crossing off of yesterday I haven't
done it yet so I need to cross off
yesterday I'm just gonna get my laptop
so I'm going to go and chill upstairs
for a little bit let me get this though
is tight enough with the cooking stuff
the bacon stuff downstairs and I am
about to tick off number three I've got
my red pen here I'm definitely not gonna
be able to keep up the red ticking off
for 90 days for cuz I'm I just know I'm
going to lose this pen right this here
was yesterday now three days may not be
much but I think it's good it's a good
start at the fate earlier on I don't
know if I told you guys too much about
it because I didn't really vlog too much
because I was just again having to a
family time but I was with my grandma
who I don't really put I don't in fact I
never put in videos just because I don't
think it's something that she would she
would want to be involved in like she
wouldn't really want to be on the camera
or she probably would but she I don't
even know IVA dad's Li asked her they
brought it'd be funny if I did a video
of her I had a falafel wrap which I'm
guessing is quite healthy it said it was
healthy I don't know actually how
healthy it was but it tasted really
really good I filmed my main channel
video going up today for you guys
tomorrow for me now so it's kind of the
same day as this video I'll leave a link
to it down below I filmed it like a week
or two ago with Zoey and it is basically
the couple's one two three tag now Adam
and Jonathan did a video on their
Channel
it must have been at least a year ago
and they did a one two three tag and it
was really really funny Enzo and I have
loved that video for ages and we've
always said we're going to do this video
we're going to do the tag we're going to
do the tag and we just never ever get
around to doing it so the other day
Belushi
a video together alright let's also film
the one-two-three tag so I can have it
from my in the future for my channel so
that is going to be going up the same
day as this video now and I haven't
edited that yet so I'm about to start
editing that one now that's why I'm
laying on the bed and Zoe is downstairs
tidying up and editing her own video if
you ask him why Zoe's tidying up and I'm
not it's because it's for her video I
just filmed it when everything it took
like long time hours and hours to fill
me and set it all up and everything like
that so she's going to turn it up
because I helped her film and is how
they do at the end of the day I don't
you guys watch this what Alfie isn't
even helping Zoe do the housework I do
but it's not housework it's literally
tidying up from her own video anyways I
need to go to bed to my video what I'm
talking about is videos videos videos
also today I'm going to try and film
some more candy videos because I as I
told you the other day I uploaded an
Australian candy video and you guys went
crazy for it like you absolutely loved
it got more views than my daily vlog in
that day which is insane so tomorrow for
you I'm gonna try and upload just random
horrible candies I just went into the
shop and I just said what are your worst
sweets like genuinely disgusting let me
buy them on try them in a video and then
also I've got Swedish sweets like ton of
Swedish sweets so let me know which one
you want to see first and I'm going to
upload both of those probably this week
just as extra videos here on the second
channel and I hope you enjoy that right
I'm gonna shut up now and start editing
don't normally vlog suffer this guys but
I thought I don't I am it is important
to let you guys know for some reason
just now my chest is still so bad like
you guys know when I had all those tests
and stuff and I had like camera but down
my throat and - like biopsies taken and
stuff like that and everything came back
fine if I want to go back and get some
more tests because every single time I
eat it still hurts so so much and I
normally it's just managed boy if I have
like a really big drink and I can just
swallow every mouth like some drink with
every mouth
and it gets easy easy throughout the
meal but I just now dinner oh my god
like unbelievable pain I tried to get
Zoey to like massage my back cause I
laying on the floor like excruciating
pain I was like I felt like I was going
to be sick any second but literally for
like the last half an hour and it's just
dying down now I just took some of this
as well which the doctors gave me said
that it can often help which is Benny so
it can like calm your insides down but
oh my god I've literally just put in the
most agonizing pain like probably some
of the worst pain I've ever had in my
life just now I can still feel it a
little bit on the inside of my back it
really videos I want to go and get some
more tests done because I literally just
I don't know what it is it can't be what
because the doctor said it's acid reflux
being when I eat laying down I eat spicy
food so I drink coffee and I don't drink
off anymore
I don't eat laying down anymore and I
don't eat really off like very often
spicy food the spices I get would be
like medium or lemon and herb in Nando's
or something but unless you don't eat
spicy food either no she's really
bugging me because it's every single
time I eat like today even at the fete
like the little fare thing with my
grandma my dad my sister I had a falafel
wrap and I had one mouthful and then for
like 10 minutes I was just sad then
crazy pain and my dad was like you know
I'm doing I was like no it's just my
chest you okay like it really gets me
down like not upset not like emotionally
upset just annoys me every single day
there's just such a mundane thing that I
have to have to do obviously is eat and
it's just the one thing that I can't do
easily so like I used to love love love
going for meals and I still do they get
me wrong I love going out for dinner
after lunch and stuff but it just hurts
so much every time I eat so I think I'm
going to go back to the doctors and ask
them if they'll do some more check
and tests and stuff just because
whatever they've said it is I don't know
it even might be and it's just I need
something to really help fix it or it's
not that and it's something else and I
need to find out what it is by the way
just in crazy pain and I've just said to
my friend max though go bowling with him
tonight
I literally about an hour ago with us
like let's go bowling and he's like yeah
I'm so excited man should we go and I
just had to get Zoey now to message him
just saying Alfie is literally like
upstairs and agonizing pain he'll
message you any can so I don't know
because this is the kind of thing not
with this pain in it it literally can
just go and then I'm fine and I'm back
to normal or I can just completely wake
up in the middle of the night and I'm
just like oh like crazy pain in my back
and chest if it feels like it's trapped
wind in my back and my chest my wind
like air is trapped inside it and I need
to burp or something I don't know I
can't really describe it anyways guys I
just thought I'd let you know just
because I filmed this little daily thing
and I like to be honest with you guys
and how I'm feeling and what I'm up to
and stuff so if you ever see me when I'm
eating and I don't happiest that is why
like today there was so many of you are
the fair coming up and saying hello and
whilst I was eating our site I really
hope nobody comes up to me right now
says hello because I'm in so much pain
and they're gonna know then they're
gonna think that I'm like being grumpy
when I'm not just in so much pain but
none of you guys came up whilst I was
eating and so it's all good but anyways
I might go bowling in a minute if I'm
feeling up for it or I might end up just
standing having an early night and go to
bed I'll have to see so it's been a
little weird Oh for you doing
she's pretending she's a detail is
though like I've got conehead you ever
seen that phone
Coneheads no oh it's a classic what do
you to be you're so weird
you know a you don't let anything like a
we're doing it like this
that's my thumb now what are you doing I
didn't end up going bowling guys my
chest hurt a lot
why not the bowling place to see how
many games bowling we could fit in and
they said if you get here in 15 minutes
which is hard enough as is while I love
Ben if we could get ripped in minutes
then so as always just being really
weird on the other side of the camera if
you can get here 15 minutes then you
could have one game and I was like well
we're going to be in the car
longer than we're gonna be playing what
are you doing why you so hyper is 22
minutes past 12:00 at night I think it
might because I just say Kit Kat chunky
I told you not to eat it I really did
tomorrow is the first day of my dieting
not values wage a 90 - four days into
your day ninth is the first day come on
like a new night guys no now I'm blue I
know of my strict dieting you know my
new diet I feel ready pop have your tea
yeah how do I liter water nejm actually
actually but I don't have any good top
wear at the moment so I couldn't get
serious tambien but I'm actually being
serious
any good sup where's like I can't diet
oh listen go on a diet what do you know
I'm not losing way it's all protein
yourself
yeah what'd you meet good Tupperware
we don't you haven't let me you haven't
let me speak yet okay carry on then
basically because I want to food prep
every every evening for the next day or
so I look like an idiot let me turn this
light back on because I want a food prep
every evening for the next day I tried
the food but just then I was going to
cook all my check-in and chew him and
stuff like that
nevertheless I didn't have anywhere to
put it there's stuff we're out no
there's no so he said yet there's
two really good ones I got about the
cupboard they were like bloody 4 metres
long all knowing you you asked me except
for meals so put them in there separate
like next to each other or something
no so I ordered her got this one for me
almond so like you saw or did nine top
web boxes or twelve Amazon you sir
you're like an old man
why just getting my topper where no old
man has ever said that is that what your
granddad says no he doesn't care for
Tupperware exactly nobody does except
you and my god shut up or get me tarnish
Jack Alfie loves Tupperware
I do love Tupperware Tupperware actually
sick though what's another T word that
can shut up you go to sleep go home and
have a KitKat actually dunks then you'll
be up all night I need to edit this
video maybe like halfway through that
it's gonna be at the same times this
where Toby why is that funny
Tom where Toby right guys you love and
so did your teeth the guy oh my god
Tupperware Tobias you from now on no
it's not yes it is I'm not tough we're
Toby's you are all right I'll catch you
tomorrow guys I hope you enjoy my new
main channel videos gonna send a yes go
coin on any major no video top where
Toby and give it a thumbs up my new
videos rip Zoe
it is the couple psych I think of what
he told this is like a couple's one two
three tag imagine it now right now embed
for you
yeah I will catch you tomorrow thanks so
much for watching today thanks so much
with the sport as usual another good day
another day to cross off tomorrow in the
calendar and I'm gonna try and start my
gym strict eating not dieting to lose
weight just gym dieting tomorrow so
we'll see how it goes it's going to be
hard right I'll catch you tomorrow good
night
