good morning guys it is day 3 today I've
just finished having breakfast and my
personal trainer is literally just about
to be outside the door any minute but
first of all before I put you back on
some clothes and get changed
I need to cross off day 2 because
yesterday I was super successful in an
evening I even managed to film all those
four videos that I wanted to see
yesterday see you later mate bye I know
I need to go upstairs and get dressed
not as being a little bit poorly guys
she woke up last night about two o'clock
in the morning and was sick on the bed
which isn't great but the vets did warn
us that after a lapse pay dogs are often
sick and they were like yeah that's
absolutely fine it's quite common still
give her the it's not antibiotics but
it's like a painkiller kind of thing
that we have to give her in her
breakfast every morning and then we've
been given a different dog food that's
just really really gentle on her stomach
just for the next three days or today
tomorrow and the day after and then
she's got a check-up at the vets on
Monday which will be good just to make
sure that everything's going okay but
she's perked up a lot she's now like
little like trotting around like she's
not allowed to run yeah but she's like
cuddling around the place and like I
don't know just being a bit more herself
which is nice but I need to now go to
the gym I need to get changed so I will
see you I'm not gonna take my camera to
the gym today because it's leg day and
leg day kills me so much so catch you up
to the gym next clip I'm probably gonna
be knackered oh my gosh guys that was
honestly one of the hardest workouts I
have done yet
probably doesn't even look like a worked
out probably looks like I've literally
just walked out of the room to you guys
but oh my god it was leg day and my legs
know they're not allowed to run that
fast she keeps on going to her food bowl
to get more food but we can't give you
too much food course or belly we just
picked up in Nando's on the way home so
I've got quinoa salad with chicken and
so he's got a little burger and stuff
like that how had she been Zoe she been
sleeping I'm absolutely knackered that
was on it's like I was dripping with
sweat I never really sweat I had to go
to the toilet today in the gym just to
wipe sweat off my face because I was
just drape him
that's lovely is now so sexy right I'm
now gonna eat this food the time is 20
minutes past 11:00 now if we just came
downstairs like that out there so
inappropriate now he's got a toga I tell
you that oh okay perfect
I'm going to get dressed not the
pointless towel coming soon to a store
near you oh no sorry guys missed it
missed that one why do I have a green
all of a sudden I'm not green in real
life what is this lighting about white
guys I've just got out of the shower as
you just saw I put on my towel I threw
it on in the mirror and it just looked
like it was like a proper outfit like it
was meant to be like that like a towel
it was really really weird like the
little trim our towels on the end of
them have like a little gold line or is
it yellow or gold gold down there there
little gold line on the edge of them and
I threw it on it and it literally looked
as you saw like it was meant to be like
a proper outfit like a robe or something
as I was laughing I had to go and show
Zoey
so he's just showing me downstairs
earlier on but you know I was looking
into him for a calendar for like 10
million years and I couldn't find one I
was like trying to describe what I want
it like like big squares per date and I
but it had to be 2015 calendar which is
hard because 2015 is only halfway
through and the halfway through
calendars that go from halfway through
this year to next you Hospital through
next year start in September
though he just randomly got sent one in
her peer box and it is amazing I don't
know which company sends it to her thank
you so much to whoever it was that sent
it to her I absolutely loved it and I'm
going to use it for my 90 day challenge
thing look how perfect this is so August
the 12th and the 13th I've done so I
need to tick those off and then it's the
14th is today but I'll take that one off
tomorrow if I feel that I've done it
which I think I have so far so the 12th
but big line three one day two days and
we're gonna see how many of those we can
cross off in a row hopefully it is going
to be 99 let's start loving us again
guys I have an updated you too much on
Nala so far today she's getting so much
better and she loves me she has cuddled
me okay in case you want to smell me and
love me my aftershave is Tom Ford but I
don't know which one it's like the
orange one or gold I know one it's in
like a glass bottle like I think all of
Tom boards
I think it's original I think it's just
Tom Ford original like the yellow I
don't have judgment on but it does
normally smell nice look she's loving us
again guys today she's going to the
toilet or GERD she is eating all good
she is inviting around your videos
uploading that's good
three minutes remaining that's late baby
wings net you feeling a little bit
better now
not a sorry for yourself she looks so
cute
a little eyes I think maybe she
understands me yeah thanks for the first
24 hours or so she was like you guys
have done this to me
this oh good a text look what you've
done to me sorry baby
mr. buzzy boy mr. buzzy boy these three
are watchin videos you know where you
can add like warped faces and stuff to
your videos that's what they're doing I
didn't end up filming anything at mom
and dad's just then because where's my
laptop so you know my laptop is mine
left it upstairs yes perhaps because I
was playing music when we don't even not
in the shower I didn't film anything
earlier mom and dad's just then but
we're back home now sorry that sometimes
do that it's just when I spend time
occasionally with my family that I'm
just like oh I don't really need to film
this because I just want to enjoy
spending time with my family and I don't
ever feel my grandma just because I
didn't think she'd want to be on camera
so obviously it'd be a little bit weird
vlogging and then just not vlogging my
grandma also if I'm filming in that
angle is a little bit low like this I'm
sorry I just got like a new thing that I
put my camera on whilst on vlog in
basically you know I've got that little
thing the other day that I balance my
camp or not balance screw my camera into
like a little bendy tripod I got a new
bigger one so I'm just getting used to
at the moment it's like this looks
ridiculous in the mirror but to hold it
to vlog like once I get it properly like
this that I'll show you in the mirror
like that it is so much better because
you're further away so that you can see
more but obviously it's gonna take a a
day or two to get used to it but I'm not
looking like this and in fact I'm
looking like this oh my God look at that
oh my gosh there's somebody chasing me
and we just watch insidious actually at
mom and dad's and dad is so scared now
Nalla come here yeah no it's just run
upstairs she's not allowed to go up the
stairs oh he must have left the door
open
come here Nona's looking for Zoe but
she's in the downstairs toilet so she
can't find her oh she's barking at the
door
insidious was just
so we watched that now at mom and dad's
and dad is genuinely like so scared like
he was like no being serious I'm
actually really really scared tonight
but then I think that's where I get it
for him because I get really I don't
ever get like scared whilst watching a
film I can never ever jump nothing can
make me jump nothing makes me scared
whilst and watching it but it's when I'm
like if sorry
yeah it's just afterwards like if I
could watch any film in the cinema I
won't jump I won't be scared but then it
Zoey was like I'm gonna go sit on your
Jim's tonight I'd be like oh maybe I
don't want to be home alone I probably
invite a friend over or something like
that I don't know it's just something
about being home alone okay my sister's
just like me every day on Facebook and
said oh my god you have to watch this yo
she's sick
she is absolutely ridiculous like I'm
only halfway through watching it I'm not
gonna bother recording all of it because
the video itself was like four minutes
long but oh my gosh she is in sane known
ellipsis again don't you you know
there's no baby yeah guys is like one
o'clock in the morning why are we still
up Zoe I'm so tired
that is why we had a two-hour nap
earlier that is why we wait
right we need to put Nala to bed when I
go to bed she's quite a little sore
throat because they put a tube down the
dog's throat whilst they're putting to
sleep yeah okay baby tell you what it is
well it's probably because her
medications worn off now
yeah tell me you'll get some more
tomorrow morning move your breakfast
come and then let's pop you to bed
righty-ho guys I am just getting tucked
up in the bed as usual my grandma was
saying to me today she's like why do you
end all your videos naked in bed right
number one I'm not naked
I've got underwear on and number two I
don't know I just like to start and end
my videos whilst I'm in bed so it's like
a proper progression and you guys see
the whole day why don't always start in
bed if I'm if I'm a good daily vlogger
then I start in bed but yeah I always
like to end in bed because it's just
like the end of my day the end of your
video I'm not very tired you tired sorry
I was so tired downstairs now we've come
upstairs and I just brushed my teeth I
feel like for action minty but I don't
really know what I vlog today so I hope
that there was somehow a good video from
this because I just did so many why are
you taking pictures of me because I'm
holding the pole with the camera at the
end so let's just taking pictures of me
vlogging so I hope that somehow this
video was okay for you guys
because I just did so many things that
weren't fun for the camera just like
emails and editing daily vlogs and
planning videos and just stuff that
wasn't the most fun but a camera but
it's the weekend did you just throw that
upon the floor okay but it is the
weekend when you're watching this is
that we came from a Saturday for me
tomorrow and then Sunday for me so
hopefully I'll get up to some fun things
in the weekend if there's anything that
you want me to do actually in these
videos ever there's anything you ever
want me to do like go and do this again
you did this once or one time yawns or
in mind to a song and it was really fun
or one time when you and Steve went to
go and play golf it was really cool like
if there's anything I've ever done or
not done let me know what you'd like me
to do just in an average day if there's
any like don't just say come to Brazil
because obviously I want to travel and
see all of you guys but I can't just
like hop on the plane and go over
somewhere crazy really really far away
as much as I'd love to I assure you I
would love to be able to do that but I
literally can't and especially with Nala
and she's boiler or not poorly the
moment Burton not a hundred percent self
because of the surgery but yeah so if
there's anything the other day you guys
ever for I wished Alfie went to London
and went to the London Eye or I don't
know certain things that you wanted me
to do let me know and I'll try and do
some of them thumbs up each other's
comments and stuff so I can see where
the popular ones but yeah that is about
it for today another successful day
would you say I was more positive today
Zoe yeah definitely more positive and I
went to the gym and a fairly healthy
although I did have chips with my dinner
but my dinner was a tuna steak salad
so again healthy but I did have like
half a portion of chips with my dinner
it wasn't the best but oh well I will
catch you tomorrow thank you so much
watching this video I love you so much
as usual give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
just if you enjoy these little daily
things I do give it a thumbs up and low
pressure if you don't wanna what's the
guy's just before I go I thought I'd let
you know a fun little fact that I found
out the other day in the back end of my
youtube I can see like all like how old
you guys are from that your YouTube
accounts and whereabouts um what kind
you're from and all things like this and
the other day I was looking into the
settings and I found out that there are
more of you that watch these daily vlogs
like quite a lot more who are not
subscribed to my youtube channel then
are subscribed so that could just be
views from like people that don't even
have a YouTube account or just people
who don't want to subscribe but I get a
lot more views from people with their
and not subscribed to me then are
subscribed to me that's so crazy
so people always only collect that
person's a really big Yugi but because
they've got 4 million subscribers or
something and I'm like almost reviews on
even forum people dare to subscribe to
my channel for some reason so if you're
not subscribed feel free to do so and
yeah I'll start waffling on I'll catch
you tomorrow good night
