good morning guys how you doin
are you good you're good I hope you are
and today we've gone up super early it's
like each clock at moment well Nolan is
excited hello baby my gosh someone is
hyper Wow
well she doesn't know she is off to the
vets so she's probably not going to be
that happy in a minute once we got her
in the car why is it going so quick oh
my god do you think cuz I have a fed-up
you know what's up time baby yeah well
anyways they went off to the vets this
morning
like I said in yesterday's video we've
got to be there at quarter past so we've
got 12 minutes and then straight after
the vets we've got to go to a meeting so
ni from 10 to 12 and then a 2 o'clock to
four o'clock I've got the jig so today
is a jam-packed day which is good all IH
cross off date number one on my list let
me let's write this down together let's
go with the middle column oh this pen
isn't very good okay I changed it I've
changed it to black now what was the
date yesterday the 12th Wednesday the
12th let's
yesterday was complete one out of 90
just a quick check into proof that I'm
still being productive guys I'm just
editing the daily vlog now and it is two
minutes to 9:00 in the morning I didn't
tell you I completely forgot to tell you
why why Zoey boy Zoey was at the vets
what why not it has gone to the best and
she's still there now we have to leave
it all of today unfortunately and so
we're we're home alone just Zoey and I
we've got no little one running around
don't tell them about our kids
yeah
so basically knowledge of the vets
because she is getting spayed which is
basically like the equivalent of a boy
getting muted muted muted muted muted no
I don't even know and so basically she
is having a does count as a major
operation today and most dogs when they
get it they have a scar all the way down
their stomach here where they've been
like cut open and then gone into but our
vets do a what yeah little basically
like a lot version which means that it's
keyhole surgery so she's only gonna have
two little dots here and here instead of
a big old scar down her stomach and then
it does mean that obviously she can't
have any babies which is good because we
we don't want to breed her she's going
to important a little girl when we pick
up later and she's been out less painful
yeah the woman said this the owner said
there's literally no pain no pain really
she said we've got pain relief if she
wants it for the first two or three days
but with the Lap version where they're
just going through keyhole if you don't
know that is basically they're made two
little cuts like this big on you and
they do it in humans my dad had on his
knee surgery was keyhole and then they
put like little remote things into the
holes like me and then they do it
through like - yes I little robots going
inside - through the holes and then they
do it like that I don't know I'm not
like I don't know too much detail as you
can tell
but yes so she's might be a little bit
sore and but they said not really that
since you should just nearly be fine but
maybe just feeling a bit sorry for
herself and so I'm excited
I think only it takes a lot quicker for
her to recover because she's having a
keyhole surgery than if she was having
it normally done but yeah she seemed all
good in the vet she was just like so
chill just like yeah what's going on
cool and just like doing everything the
vets wanted and she was really really
good and she wasn't barking she didn't
want to see you every single person
every single has new weights there she
said who are you let me meet let me lick
you let me sniff your hand but then
there was a dog in another room that was
like barking like upset obviously didn't
like having something done and she
literally was just like completely
chilled normally should be barking back
like trying to help them but she just
seemed fine today
she's saying the only thing she was
annoyed about was that she didn't have
any breakfast she wasn't allowed to eat
first and she was not happy that she was
she didn't have breakfast she kept her
like running in circles next to her bowl
be like what is happening anyways I need
to get on carry on get on carry on with
editing this daily vlog because we've
got to be at our meeting in 57 minutes
basically finish editing the Dead
Revolver got about five minutes left but
we now have to leave for the meeting and
I just realized that I haven't had
breakfast I've been doing too much that
I haven't had breakfast but I just
remember that I bought all of these from
Amazon that the other day arrived
yesterday and they're basically like
good for people just they're just really
really tasty but also a lot of protein
in them and I think they're just good
for you
these ones are energy ball coconut and I
don't even know how to say that word
macadamia coconut macadamia and they're
delicious so I just literally they're
normally like 2 pounds 50 in a shop or
something or 3 pounds so I just went
onto Amazon because I really liked them
and just walk pack up 20 of them because
they were so cheap that way
and they're good for you are you ready
for the median you ready yes that's the
scariest thing in the world
this morning I was singing Taylor swear
yeah now feels like sorry shot you're
not
Zuri stop you in it you're not English
with stop singing that he was you're not
Taylor okay
I'm rushing off because I have just got
back from uh me to Missouri House meetin
did it go well yes it did it went very
very well what are you doing much I was
like no I hated it I think you're right
good really really well I'm muster now
because my trainer edges outside right
at this moment today I think what I'm
going to do I know never from Edie well
I'm gonna just film end this might just
film it and so I might take you guys to
the gym with me today because means over
just saying I go so often now yet you
guys might not believe me because I just
I'm so elated normally so lazy and I
don't film it so I'm going to go let's
go
I never ever sweat now have this Adreno
wish I didn't have long hair
Jane time to beat Jesus no giving up the
command
you
straight out of the gym got out my
trainers car straight into my car with
Zoey driving how was your there you
going good yeah and now we ought to pick
up our little baby we've had a call from
the vets to say that she was real good
and it went all well and she's getting
ready to pick up this minute 4:45 hey
Paulie girl she's been really really
brave but look she's got little
broadsides
from we're there to save her and it's
like on the other side as well
it's but God they need to shave I know
that makes me so sad when she doesn't go
any far none of you have an okay time
you okay baby
all right so I know I've said that we're
not going to be getting takeaways
because it's the 90-day challenge but we
found somewhere online that did super
super healthy takeaways and we're both
just trying to spend as much time of
nyla as we possibly can at the moment
that's not an excuse but this place is
genuinely healthy like I just ordered
half a chicken and then also ordered the
tuna salad I haven't yet seen what is
inside these boxes should we have a look
Zoe
oh there's laws sausage and mash and
gravy that looks good so this must be
tuna salad in one and half chicken in
another oh wow oh my gosh look at that
tuna salad the eggs are cooked perfectly
look at the tuna
it's like proper tuna salad and then
this must be my half chicken in here oh
my gosh I'm amazing and then I also got
a side of coleslaw
we got a Pauline little puppy oh she
doesn't like us being near her no she
just doesn't like being rock covered up
but she's cold
the pets have told us that she has to
all look a little shaven bears the vets
had told us that she has to stay wrapped
up and warm
oh this she will not let us wrap her up
she just yeah baby
Paula yeah but I don't because she's not
yeah we haven't seen her scars you have
way
it should only be tiny but a little bit
that's enough
good girl good girl baby she go upstairs
yes let's go to bed numb cuddles giving
somebody advice is always so much easier
than listening to your own advice I tell
you guys quite a lot of things on
Twitter and videos and things to just
like do more for makes you happy and if
you want something to go and get it and
just don't give up ever ever ever this
90 day challenge is proving to be a lot
harder I'm going to try and just put you
here just watched I all this bit - no
there we go this 90-day challenge is
proven to be hard right now just right
now though is just how to Kinder Bueno
this sounds so pathetic though is just
how to kinder boil a chocolate bar and I
cannot tell you how much I want some
chocolate
but I'm just not going to do it I'm not
going to do it because I want to succeed
and this is only day two and it just
sounds so silly it's a chocolate bar but
I just want one I cannot describe how
much I want to talk about right now and
my sister just came over and because not
as op she's just dropped over a couple
of bunches of flowers I say my sister it
was Shaun and mum and dad as well
they've dropped over a couple of bunches
of flowers for us and a massive grab bag
of giant buttons this is honestly one of
my favorite chocolates in the world so
I'm fighting the urge not to eat any of
that because just like I tell you guys
to never give up on something you want I
am NOT giving up on this because I want
to be in good shape and I want to be
happy and know how hard that I work to
get where I am so instead of having a
chocolate bar I'm going to chop up these
two bananas into like tiny little
segments so I'm going to put them in a
bowl put them in the freezer for like
half an hour or so and then I'm going to
put some honey on them and that will be
my dessert for today I mean still
delicious it's not a chocolate bar
it'll be tasty zoey is upstairs in bed
with nyla just looking after her and on
her laptop and stuff like that just
because no that's got to be kept warm
and not it really doesn't like to be
wrapped up in a blanket so he put her
upstairs because we've warned my throat
because we've got a heated bed up there
it's not that your bed it's like a
mattress underneath our duvet no not the
mattress it's like a mattress topper and
you can select the temperature for each
half of the bed so we've just put the
bed on nice and warm for Niall and she's
sleeping on there which is good it's as
though he's upstairs of her so now I've
got to you know those videos that I
filmed yesterday that I said I was going
to edit last night I just didn't have
time I ended up working once Zoey got to
sleep I ended up working for like
another 45 minutes actually editing the
candy video that you saw yesterday so I
haven't edited those three videos yet or
four videos yet that I filmed yesterday
for the secret project thing in the
future and so I'm going to do that now
just finish editing half of the videos
edited throughout the four and it is now
time to have my dessert or pudding
whatever you call it wherever you're
from dessert or pudding so I've got all
my frozen fruit in there which looks
delicious and then I'm just about to go
over here and all we haven't got very
much honey left this is up squirty home
honey
actually maybe up you just add that
instead just add a bit of golden syrup
same kind of thing isn't it now to sit
down and edit the second half of the
videos but this time will be even easier
because I've got some yummy food I am
now all tucked up in a bed but tonight
I'm sleeping in a different bed of God
be quick because my camera is little bad
run a charge any second
Zoey is sleeping in our bed with Nala
and so the Nala can have a proper good
night's sleep and so we can keep an eye
on her and stuff like that so I've said
I'll sleep in the spare room and sleep
in this bed which is nice these pillows
are so nice and hard and fresh which I'm
really really happy about and mum also
sleep will like the door open and so is
Zoey's issue
it's me the night in case Nala does wake
up and needs the Twitter anything and I
can honestly go and help out but yeah
nyle is getting through it she's being a
little trooper
she's obviously in a lot of she's not in
pain because she's on meds at the moment
to get get rid of the pain they're just
uncomfortable and just feeling sorry and
poorly for herself as supposed but
apparently she'll be a lot better
tomorrow which would be nice because she
hasn't even had a drink tonight she's
eaten a little bit of food the vets gave
us but she doesn't even know to drink
tonight she just did a poo in case
you're wondering but she hasn't gone far
away I don't even know why I told you
that all that even though anyways I'm
going to my blog now guys we completed
data for that divot II I had to the
other two videos so I got so much done
as well today so give the video a thumbs
up if you're happy you're proud of me if
yeah I don't even know if you're just
feeling nice and having a good day give
the video a thumbs up thank you so much
with the support in the candy video
already it's called a thirty five
thousand likes I'm not even in bed so
let's see if we can get this video more
likes than the candy video I don't think
we can
because candy videos just do crazy you
guys love them some reason if this video
gets 40 thousand likes I will upload
another candy video tomorrow how about
that that's your challenge okay and yeah
thank you so much watching I love you so
much and I'll catch you tomorrow and
we'll cross up day to complete it
tomorrow 88 to go good night
