Hey jumps how ya doin dude a so
basically I've just filmed a couple of
videos to go up in the future and as all
this lighting looks pretty good I may as
well film an extra little one for you
just put it on my second channel today
when I was in town I walked past a shop
that sells like a ton of candy from like
all different places around the world
and that you guys seem to love videos
where I buy candy from different places
so far so I'm really really excited that
song I just learned a little bit so far
I've done two American candy videos I've
done the Japanese candy video and then
in my daily vlogs I did Irish candy and
Canadian candy and you guys just go
crazy over them for some reason I don't
know why this camera will only focus me
in the middle look as soon as I move the
Miller goes into focus our focus focus
weird I'm just gonna have to stay sat
here and but one of the most requested
videos that you guys asked me candy wise
is Australian candy and I've tried
everywhere to get this online and it is
sold out everywhere so today in the shop
I managed to get 5 items from Australia
everything else was sold out she was
like all the popular stuff is gone so
I've just got 5 items here that are
Australian and if you don't like food
eating videos then please click off now
this isn't view I'm literally going to
try a couple of different candy bars
because Australian candy is one of my
most requested videos and I just thought
that would do it let's start off with a
Dairy Milk snack so of it in the UK we
have Dairy Milk but we don't have a
Dairy Milk why won't it not focus there
we go
Dairy Milk snack I literally have no
idea what this is
mmm oh my god so that one was like super
soft strawberry I have a feeling that
from the diagram each different beer is
a different flavor yeah
no that one's yellow mmm now this one's
white oh my god oh it says on the side
what they are okay I'm stupid there's
coconut ice pineapple strawberry Turkish
Delight caramel and orange that is just
such a good concept
each stiff and bitter the chocolate bar
is a different flavor I
that is so cool I really really like
that next up we have the cherry right
now I've heard of this before I don't
think I've ever had it before but it
just sounds really good the big cherry
taste all right let's give it a go I
don't think I have had this Wow oh my
gosh that's that's really good
it almost tastes like a bounty but
instead of coconut its cherry like it's
the same kind of like soft texture as a
bounty but we've cherry and set also I
think a bounty is different in America
than it is to the UK so maybe a Mars I
think I don't even know but what is this
we have a cherry right cherry roll so
there's like the same kind of thing but
in a roll
okay oh this is coconut see I literally
just a coconut and now this one's got
all like coconut bits outside hmm
exactly what I was saying I feel like
I'm doing a chocolate haul like Zoey
does a Topshop hoarder Primark called
I'm doing like Australian candy haul
like showing you it and then trying it
on camera I think it's cool I've also
bought a ton of sweets from Sweden like
so many like literally like 25 different
sweets from Sweden so if you want a
Swedish candy video give this one a
thumbs up to let me know and then what
else what I bought only just disgusting
candy like I went into the shop and I
was like can you just show me all the
worst sweets that every country has I
want to buy them all just eat them in a
video so there was going to be like a
disgusting candy video these are like my
childhood chocolate bars a set from
their massive when I was younger
freddo was like absolutely tiny like
this big these are like giant freddo's I
think they're gonna be the same but just
hello look at the size of that hat that
is just cool I really really like that
okay let's just bite his head off
mmm
white chocolate Fred oh sorry this video
is a bit shorter because I couldn't get
as many candies as I said they were all
sold out but for Sweden if you want to
see the Swedish video I've got a ton of
Swedish candies and they look crazy
oh it's falling apart let's just try mmm
the same but white chocolate white
laughing guys I got any chocolate have a
good chocolate at my mouth that brings
us to the end of our Australian candy
video I'm sorry that this was extra
super extra short but it's just a second
little video on this channel for the day
so I hope you enjoyed it just something
extra for you to enjoy because I was
just walking past the shop and I was
like I might as well just buy something
my tonight it will just please you guys
because ton of you have been asking me
to try it Australian candy and if you if
you have any candies or countries or
anything in particular you want me to
try then leave it in the comments and
yeah that is it my favorite chocolate
from this candy video was definitely
order notes hard between the cherry and
the Cadbury snack then the snack thing
was just cool because then you get every
different flavor that in one talked
about I'm going to go with the snack
thing if you see it in any jobs I think
you should buy it and try it out because
it is genuinely good thank you so much
watching this video guys I love you so
much give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it I will see you very soon with a new
video good bye
