where's my doggies where is she hello oh
she still doesn't care are you so sleepy
then you mister good morning guys
Hayden hope you'll have a lovely day
just go back from the first meeting of
the day catching up with the team and I
don't have to go out with you today
though is here as well I've got a cake
I've decided I shouldn't even be saying
this in my blog wider do this myself I
decided I'm gonna try I'm gonna say try
so don't moan to me if I don't and eat
healthy
no like crazy healthy but just a little
bit better that's the one way I don't
want to lose weight or anything I'm just
having a kale smoothie oh this is funny
I've got a kale smoothie and no that's
not mine this and this is mine hair
halloumi and avocado with edamame I
don't even know what it's called
so the stuff that puppy eats like the
spear alized what's it called cause yet
bits like courgette spaghetti the only
bit I like in that in the avocado okay
I'm never lumi what what have you got
for your lunch I just had some chicken
some we're not lying there are yeah
oh my god you don't want to eat that so
bad oh my gosh I've got this although
seriously you should try some of that
it's actually amazing my amazing
Missy what you saying you haven't been
in the vlogs in a while how are you
doing you good you cozy by the fire they
have no idea what we're about to say
number one actually think that I should
talk
first in yesterday's car which was I
know I think you should face it away
penis penis hey you know like in Tom and
Jerry where you never saw the parents
you just kind of saw like their bodies I
never knew that so it's like is it Tom
and Jerry I feel like it's one of their
cartoons so it's like I'm here but I'm
not as like their I don't feel like I'm
really here we never managed to speak to
the hotel night manager or any of the
security about the situation so my vlog
ended yesterday to me saying well I mean
ended after had a world but during my
vlog yesterday I was like we want to try
and find out what it was but we never
found out what it was the only thing we
did find out is that Marcus was in the
room next to us which we didn't know and
he said that he was also awake during
the night and then he checked his like
Fitbit watch whatever he has and it said
on his phone that he was awake but the
exact same hour that we were and the
security guy opposite us also there was
something going on in the roof I don't
know what's happening a ghost a ghost
yes I'll go check it out there was like
legit ghosts in our vlog and what we're
gonna say oh we were saying about
tonight tonight is super exciting
because if you saw the vlog about a week
ago about a week ago we gave mark his I
love how your face isn't interview
little toes are we gave mark his
birthday presents and that the the last
wasn't we gave him as a card which he
opened and he was like with that last
present which I never really explained
didn't just give me your phone now by
telling with them no cuz you know why
will I we never ever explained what that
last present was but it's time to
explain me and Mark did a lot channels
but you made it
like I was having a freaking baby on
your channel oh yeah oh I didn't see
that I redo my comments timeline was oh
are you expecting
thankfully they had marks blog most of
them to watch where he said it was Harry
Sussex but in yours
it looks like I've written in a car I
like to keep things exciting in my
videos and get people when the other
members of the video actually say what
it was I know what maybe all my viewers
don't want to watch your videos the last
present in the card was two tickets
because that's literally oh yeah we
tried to get more but it was two tickets
to go see Harry Styles life and that was
like she didn't even exist the tickets
were sold at like a millisecond they
luckily we got given them we were given
them we were given two we wouldn't we
were given a prior working in the prior
we asked for them for marks birthday
present it wasn't we were just giving
him an inside but they could only give
two so the question was then who goes
with mark me or Zoey both of us loved
Harry Styles an equal amount love a bit
more okay
either way we we told mark we were like
we don't know who's going because it all
either basically Halliwell was going to
be so busy so high-energy we were going
to be so tired and it's the day after
hello world that the Harry sauce tickets
to us today and that we didn't know ever
I said I'm fine with Zoey go in and
basically Harry's performing in like a
super small venue tonight in London I
think it's like 3,000 seats whereas
obviously normally if you ever saw Harry
perform
it'd be like twenty thirty thousand one
direction I can sing yes that's a little
tiny little venue so may also find
concerts very difficult like they're one
of the things that I I can do them
because I am like yeah I can do them I
can yeah we went to Adele one I just
find them quite difficult it's it's
quite
quite a tough one for me I don't really
do it but it is a hard one to mentally
I'm really trying to be there and even
it doesn't matter who that is it doesn't
matter whether that's like Beyonce like
six people watching Beyonce or like an
arena full of people for anyone it's
just I find that situation quite
difficult it's the same with the theater
I think it's like those situations where
you feel like you can't get up and leave
and I'm fine with that if I'm with like
you and poppy and Shore and your mum and
dad and there's like a group of us where
I think if I nip out it doesn't matter
because everyone else is having a
Clarion and whereas can carry on and I'm
happy to like nip outside and come back
again or go to the car and like wait for
you or like haven't have a moment to
myself and then come back again but when
it's just me me and one other person I
want this to be the best experience for
mark it could possibly ever be that I
don't want there to be any percentage
that I will ruin it for him and if he
you could never ruin it for me
but in my own mind I'm like I don't even
what if you had to leave or if you
wanted but yeah he would he would come
with me he would never say oh well I'll
meet you back at a glass he just
wouldn't cuz he's like an amazing person
so he would be like I'll come with you
and then I will forever hate myself for
ruining his Harry Styles experience so
he was going tonight with Mark that's
the question I'm Dave so I'm gonna go
tonight with Mark which means that I
have to do all my work for today all my
e-mails all my meetings everything super
super quickly and that's why I got to
take out lunch today which my PA went
and got for me to make that even easier
I've been editing the triple vlog this
morning you see my tweet earlier said my
vlog today is 33 minutes long call me
zoella and everyone was replies was it's
not 40 minutes so it's not as though a
love log you can't win can you you can't
win how do you done one more day three
days in what no three days in one yeah
but that's what I do isn't it oh yeah
nice
that's how your vlogs are so long and
easy my lunch because we've gotten we've
got a meeting together in 17 16 minutes
doesn't need any more I'll see you guys
in a bit tonight
she keeps farting it you should buy I
don't mean the car earlier yeah tonight
I'm going to see Harry Styles in a
really intimate small venue I am so
excited I'm jealous but I also know that
you and Mark will have the best time
will you send me um I'll FaceTime you
yeah yeah we were like - one minute way
from it's not rain and then we got to
the train station a minute late and the
train have been delayed three minutes
what the chances
I only got a couple of Jean T's friend
uber the queue to go in is so bad make
me go oh my god yeah it is busy right
honestly look at the cute guys although
oh my gosh we'll go down that road
thank you so much bad thank you thank
you thank you wait for me this might be
a little bit dangerous
no I'm scared I'm scared thank you so
much this is a pile of bedding that
people have been camping outside with
that's literary bedding that people have
been sleeping with and you guys saw the
queue outside was ridiculous we've just
amount to a park around the corner just
change bars to a place called distillers
we've got a cobbler GNT is here this is
what I'm talking about this is a real
TNT tell me this is a single cheers man
to Harry
we just leaving the pub now we're going
to try again last time we tried as you
saw there was an 8 million trillion
people outside we're gonna feel boy we
go what the heck are they doing dancing
chatting to a camera let's see what the
queue is like okay it's gone it's gone
three people kindness also are you on
the hoodie I'll get a pink hoodie as
well look at that
he's so happy look at his little face we
need sleep or half of the merch store
when you're a married couple now we're
in our C's room bro E
we've done away everyone's screaming but
they are what's happening mom come on
Sade is he actually though everyone just
started screaming we don't know why
so you know early on in the vlog when I
said I'm gonna try and make healthier
choices and don't judge me we may be
about to eat some pizza we just got back
the time is like ten minutes to midnight
we haven't had dinner Zoey said that
she's got some leftover pizza that we
can eat oh thank you hey Missy hey
calming music has been put on by Zoey
you have to lie here okay I'm back to
Lonzo his lap and have a face massage
apparently the only thing we have to be
careful about is my ulcer okay I'm gonna
leave the vlog here I'm gonna leave the
vlog here I hope you enjoyed it thank
you so much to everybody who's already
given the blogger thumbs up thank you to
everybody who's already subscribed and
pay
