good morning guys how you doing today is
day one of the 90 day challenge the 90
day challenge is the longest YouTube
challenge in the world but it is 8
o'clock in the morning Zoe and I got up
a hopper 7 which was so hard today
because I woke up at like but I woke up
at like quarter to 5:00 in the morning
with like crazy pains in my chest from
that stupid Cheston that I have and it
just hurts so so bad so I didn't have
the best night's sleep but I still got
up and like half hour 7 I've just made
some breakfast from granola with almond
milk and chopped up banana and what are
we about today I have no idea what
happens in PLL all I know is that Zoey
watches it all the time and apparently
today this morning we're gonna find out
who a is I have no idea what that
everyone every time I occasionally tool
in your life now but I've made my guess
or Thor is one of the girls but I've
been Todd this morning I'm sorry that
it's not one of the girls look we've
even gone a over there maybe it's me
yeah it's me my prediction is I think
it's Wren don't want it to be red I
think it might be I think red coat is
Sara Harvey or not Sara Harvey whoever
Sara Harvey say cheers and I think Black
Widow is Melissa yeah I think the same
but we're about to find out and about in
material no you having a good morning
you ready for a fight you don't know
okay alright let's watch this and then
also forgot the reason why I'm wearing
this ID that's t-shirt and stuff is that
I'm off to the gym at 9 o'clock I'm
sorry I'm just making you wait longer
longer and then I'm off to the gym so
I'll see you in a bit
oh you let's say cute hello was it as
good as what you thought I don't know
I'm in two minds I don't want to say
anything that would give it away even
though your comments are gonna be filled
with who it was anyway it was like an oh
my god moment but now I'm like oh I
don't know if I liked it if I'd have
been watching that for five years and
that was the outcome I don't know if I
would be happy with that I only watched
it the CSA to me it just looked like it
all just happened all at once I
literally have no clue what was going on
the whole time while sitting there
trying it I was being the annoying
person that doesn't bother watching the
program and then sits the guy
but wait who's that why is that
happening yeah who's who she knows that
way isn't that that person this person
watch it and just take it all in without
me gibbering on right
my personal trainer is waiting outside
guys so day one already starting it off
and going to the gym I'm back from the
gym guys and it has time to be
productive and then we're messing about
I literally just clicked on the internet
page on my computer I literally just
walked through the door as well workout
was no other ones to come in the room
okay Missy don't be scratching the door
what you are gonna come and see daddy
yeah trying to go into bed and play with
your toys right as I was just saying I
literally just got back I clicked on the
internet tab on my computer and I went
on YouTube Manasa oh I wonder who is
upload it no know watching YouTube
videos out there not until you've got
everything done that you need to do for
today so let me put you up here today
I've got a crazy crazy amount to do I've
got to film three videos that I've met
to film and upload yesterday not upload
to you guys there for like a future
project thing you'll see one day and
I've also got to do my daily vlog which
I'm about to do now the time is
currently twenty minutes past eleven all
I need the memory card in this camera to
have to edit my daily vlog because
yesterday's footage is on it just jumped
in a taxi spot of Nando's
back at home aboard the Nando's as usual
kind of got bit went a bit over the top
I've got two portions of chicken thighs
because I'm trying to eat a lot again
and got quinoa salad and of course sir
Oh surprised and I got halloumi Wow I
got a lot completely forgot I've just
arrived at the office with and and we're
basically we've got a really really
exciting meeting we got contacted due to
one of these videos actually so thank
you if you're somebody that put them in
touch if I was that your friend that
made that noise I think it's my segue
thing I think it's going to run out to
art if it does then I'm going to fall
straight off
yes so this company got in touch they
were like they do up offices and they're
like build with a furniture and design
the moon and stuff like that and I
looked at their portfolio of white that
they've done and it's really really good
really really cool so they're coming
over now like they've got them go and
talk to yesterday
and we were like how about tomorrow so
that one the way now they're gonna be
here any minute
and they're gonna help what it's
obviously the initial meeting today but
potentially make this place into
something really really cool and design
it on and build all the sets and
building on the furniture and just make
it into a proper sick office and so I'm
really really excited I also as you saw
when a pit of Hernando's at like two
bits of chicken and then we had to leave
to come here otherwise we were going to
be late and the new outfit is it late do
you see first day and I'm not letting ya
oh my god it's working I've been to the
gym eating healthy watches TV show Zoe
and what else have I done
when I picked up a parcel that I
supposed to three different post office
because they didn't break down the right
post office on the missed parcel form
from the other day and now I'm here for
me
and I'm early this is good just finished
up my meeting in the office with the
office people the new potential office
people anyway it went crazy well guys
it's like so so good as exciting isn't
it they just seem like really on board
it was one of you guys that work for the
company that suggested me after watching
my video so it's cool that he like came
from and so hopefully we can talk them
an email let them know what we're
thinking and Stan you're buying a ton of
different sweets that is like the most
difficult idea here Maddie have the same
sense of humor Oh got a bit carried away
back home now and I kind of just bought
the most insane amount of different
candy I went into the shop to try and
get some Australian candy because one of
my most requested videos here in the
shower is to try Australian candy in a
video and they had a few bits but
they've literally just sold out let let
me pop you guys up here they've
literally just sold out like everything
so I got a ton of where they're in here
I got a ton of either Australian candy
which was things like this but absolute
giant Freddy bars and all different
things there's a few other ones as well
like snack while and cherry ripe and
stuff like that then I got a load of
weird candy like ridiculously strange
things like curry Wurst style energy
drink I don't know a really weird energy
drink and I got loads of others like
popular sweets and Horrible's
like stuff to try the video and then
this one is also a really really popular
video of mine suggested and there was
tons of sweets as you can see all of
these of Swedish candy so so far with
the candy time videos like they're
trying American 3 it's trying to more
American sweets trying Japanese candy
all of that has been on my main youtube
channel but because I've got a few
different ones I think what I might do
is just over the next couple of days
it's just uploaded a couple of videos
extra on this channel if that's ok so
they're not gonna like they're gonna be
on top of my daily vlogs because I don't
mind any vlogs to be like half an hour
long and it might not be February so
over that's couple of days if you're one
to watch I'm probably gonna upload a
couple of videos for me trying different
candies from Sweden disgusting candies
from all different countries have what I
learned horrible ones I just asked the
woman in the shop what are the most
horrible candies you sell and the
weirdest ones and then also what was
everyone I said Australian Australian
candy but now it is time yesterday I was
meant to film those three videos and
yesterday's video I've just watched it
through now again I just I edited it
this morning then uploaded and I just
watched it a minute ago
I'm not good to fill my three videos I
never did that great healthy but today
is day one of the productivity you know
so got my camera set it all up upstairs
or my phone would help because some of
the stuff is on my phone that I need and
I am about to film those three videos
right now I'm currently filming my new
video and I'm not gonna tell you why but
look look what I'm wearing and I'm
dressed and everything you may be able
to guess in the comments but I'm not
gonna tell you so I don't know be
excited only gonna finish filming happen
I I just finished filming three videos
for you guys in fact four little videos
for the future for you guys and then I
also just filmed an extra video which
was the which was the Australian candy
video I just tried the Australian candy
bars I'm not gonna tell you what if all
of them a certain them an owl no longer
get any chocolate bars I'm gonna put it
that way they've all gone I've eaten
them all so that's probably going to go
up the same day as this so watch out for
that guy
I hope you enjoy that video it is it's a
good one it's a little bit short because
there was only five candies for me to
try then we turn off this light it's
blinding me there's only five candies
for me to try because they were all oh
now gone because they were all sold out
in the shop so I can only get five of
them but nevertheless still made the
video didn't I thought it would still be
worthwhile so you enjoy it time to think
about dinner I've just finished my
working day I'm not gonna well actually
that's a lie I am going to edit the four
videos that I just filmed tonight but
I'm just going to wait until as though
he's in bed because then it means that I
still get to spend today with Zuri and
then oh I didn't eat my son literally
from Nando's I've still got a quinoa
salad well that's my dinner sort it
thanks Nando's forgot about that because
I rushed off to my meeting I didn't have
time to eat all my lunch what are you
doing
you having fun way far don't go far we
we hope you know what you want for
dinner you surprised me with pizza
Jackie want pizza can you not do the 90
day challenge with me and these are you
insane oh there's no chance that as I
would do a 90 day thing I say do 90 day
things so far you guys were really sick
of me talking about it because I've not
spoken what is that dude oh I can't eat
that anymore because I'm trying to be
healthy I bought this the other day when
I got I got to take away the other day
from a restaurant and then I asked me to
put the dessert because I couldn't I
couldn't eat it I didn't have any of it
asked me to put the dessert in a cup for
me so I could take it home last week
right so sorry do you want pizza
all the three different beeps is here
the deep and the good fella's this one
this one it up right how do I put this
up you sure you don't want something a
bit nicer than this yeah you sure do you
not want some like what about some nice
pasta sorry some nice pasta nice pasta
cheesy pasta you want your pizza okay
let me turn on the oven
I've just seen that these go out of date
today like after today they're bad to
eat they go out on the 12th so I'm gonna
have to even though I wasn't planning on
having chicken for dinner I'm gonna have
to eat all these mini chicken for this
chicken mini Phillips chicken mini
Phillips that's the one
did you go for a week did you I hope you
did I hope you didn't look like you did
that look you just gave me was so I
didn't go for a we daddy did you go for
a week there we go I know it I know my
doctor already is that weird to call my
dog my daughter I'm gonna have to eat
all this chicken now Zoe oh is it go
date on the 12th I know should we just
do it together now
shoot it quickly so quick we can do it
finishing up with Zoe with team effort
and got it all done I'm now cooking the
chicken to add into my salad I've got a
little glass of red wine because I just
like that wine and Zoe is having a pizza
and I've done this as well
and then I just want to show you guys a
little hack I'm sure it's pretty obvious
but I don't have many people do that use
scissors to cut your beep set it's just
so much easier literally just cut
straight through
not gonna lie my dinner looks so good
little glass of wine and the TV yappy of
your dinner guys look what is literally
starting this minute look at this I love
this film 21 Jump Street adjust for the
flick on the TV no I know we're doing go
away honestly I know what you're doing
go away no Meredith get out it is
Meredith it's Johnson that's Meredith oh
it's got four legs did you see that
promise you only got four legs in my
office
no Zoe don't honestly honestly don't
please yeah I miss you okay I'm locking
myself in here and I like it
Johnson on Oliver's in here with me ah
where is it honestly scared there it is
get out of my house - me neither can you
eat them you keep me safe right you guys
sleep in my legs you lay down oh my gosh
today has been so productive I'm
knackered and it's not even that late
the time is six minutes past 12:00 I
haven't got the gym tomorrow morning
because we've got to say knowledge of
the vets at 8:00 a.m. and then we've got
a meeting both the rowing I from ten
o'clock till twelve o'clock and then
we're gonna pick up Nala in the
afternoon
what else forgot oh and then I've got
the gym from two o'clock until 4 o'clock
so got a super super busy productive day
which will be good because that is the
second day of my 90 day challenge
I haven't crossed off today on the
calendar because I just put knowledge
spent under for the lights and then I
remembered about it so I will try my
best remind me tomorrow morning to cross
off the calendar for day one because I
successfully completed today I did so
much today which I filmed four videos as
well they're not for my youtube channel
three of them one of them is for this
channel should be going up on the same
day as this probably but the other three
going up somewhere else exciting you
could probably guess where but I'll
leave that to you I'm not gonna let you
know yeah okay shoot bye guys thank you
so much for the sport thank you so much
for believing in me because I've seen a
couple of tweets that are like you're
not gonna stick to the 90 days out we
don't believe you're gonna do it and
that only makes me wanted more than ever
you are in control of your life guys if
you want to do something if you want to
reach something if you want to go and
get something go and do it literally
just go do it the only person stopping
you is you so go do it I'll catch you
tomorrow thank you so much for the
support give the video thumbs up if you
want to just if you're feeling nice if
you're feeling good if you excited for
the 90 day challenge before to see me
change into a better person and just
everything about me getting better
include in my videos also the um I don't
know if I told you but the office
meeting today went extremely well I
probably did tell you so I'm not going
to go into it too much but basically the
company that I met today to do at my
office just completely understood me but
they just completely got me and they
knew exactly what I wanted
no let's just make it happen let's just
do it let's make this office sick and
make it like just awesome I'm really
fine I'm really creative and have crazy
stuff going on and some of the ideas
that came up with really really cool so
I'm excited I'm going to talk to them
tomorrow about it
and yeah actually that's one good thing
that I will do before I go to bed is
make a note on my phone or things that I
need to do tomorrow so that I don't
forget to do anything because I've got a
lot of different things going on
tomorrow and again I want to make sure
they get all of them done so I'm gonna
do that now for good sleep I will catch
you tomorrow good night
