good morning guys today I'm just off to
town to go grab a couple of essentials
I'll tell you why later on I need to get
a calendar I need to get my mum some
pens I need to get some lunch because it
is lunch another half a sovereign vlog
yet Richie's been editing uploading
videos all morning
and yeah it's a good day I'm feeling
really really good today are we having a
nice evening no they don't have the ones
I wanted Zoe had these awesome pens they
like colored basically oh yeah so see
these my mum bought one of these the
other day it's like adult coloring in
books and Zoe had these really sick pins
for them so I wanna get one on some of
them hello ello ello
I recognise you guys so I've got my
patents and I've come in to get a
calendar but I've kind of just realised
that they're all 2016 calendars which is
a bit annoying because I kind of want it
starting tomorrow
so obviously the days of the week won't
match the month Oh a garden issue okay
this one could be by this is 2015 - 2016
mid year calendar so it turns out that
the calendars that were 2015 / 2016
don't start until September I need them
to start tomorrow
but I did get my mum some pets I'm just
about to get some lunch and it's soup
want to get some sushi
this is the first time I've ever seen
this I'm going to try and film sneakily
and you see that there is a woman behind
me on the Segway overboard dang but just
use it casually to get around like I use
mine in the office or at home to mess
about one but there's a woman and not
even like a girl like a woman just using
it like casually as you do instead of
walking that's crazy I love that and I'm
in my second home in other words at the
office files I cannot wait until this
place is just done and just ready like I
can come here to film actual videos like
now I'm just popping here because I've
got some stuff to drop off and also just
want to eat some lunch while store in
town but I just can't wait until I'm
literally here everyday just filming
YouTube videos and stuff it's going to
be so good when I can just come here
early in the morning like bring 9 if I
want to Zoe can come if she wants and
just film and edit videos that all day I
honestly think that my like my gaming
channel and everything is going to be so
productive like it's going to be so sick
my chair to eat my lunch is just a bit
too good yeah look at that and then for
lunch I've got kind of a lot because I
didn't really have a big breakfast this
morning I ain't just had like one bowl
of like what is it called granola that
is the one and I don't know I'm just
very hungry sibilant I got I got some
chicken teriyaki rice kind of thing
sushi and some more sushi California
vowels are the best then I got to drinks
as well which you're both this one's
like a cleansing drink this one is
really good for my chest and digestion
I've just finished eating my lunch and I
want to try some all oh my god
not trying full-on cheese I want to try
something on the segues that I haven't
that I haven't tried before ok so what I
try and do because I used to skateboard
for like three years and I used to love
it
you have to do a load of different
tricks and stuff but I haven't seen
anybody yet do any tricks on a Segway so
don't really know what's possible I want
to just try and do some see you see
what's possible
Morna time you see like hey I can do
that my jump around a guy did it
and then a pop shuvit sebacean Oh flip
the board walk around yeah okay that's
quite close
I don't know
no I'm not
yeah yeah you have to see that one from
the ground that was so cool check this
check this out well oh my gosh
okay you get a little bit dizzy now a
little bit dangerous all right I'm going
to go back home because I need to film a
couple of videos for a secret project
coming up in a few months
whoa I should be quiet I always forget
that this is an office building
goodbye cupcakes not for me starting
tomorrow we don't do any of that I still
need to explain to you guys like I spoke
about it in bit in yesterday's video at
the end of it but I don't know if all of
you guys saw the end of yesterday's
video because it was like 20 minutes
long awesome or did you like that that's
going in my video yes tell me today on a
Korra ball
oh no guys is kind of like 20 minutes
past 7:00 and I've got to still film and
edit tonight three videos but we said
that we're going to finish anything q2b
and just spend time together from 7:00
p.m. so I think what I'm gonna have to
do is film them late tonight one Zoey's
falling asleep because an agreement is
an agreement but I do want to do one
thing there tonight I do want to find C
I bought a Kinder so do you know where
the Mooji calendars are that we bought
do you remember do you remember I
remember I remember is there do we use
it oh yeah there is one up here I mean
that will kind of do so we've got a
calendar it may not be as good as the
ones that I wanted I wanted a plain one
but I wanted one with like big squares
per day if that makes sense so basically
if you didn't capture the end of
yesterday's video my friend you set or
fouseytube
which is his daily vlog channel he also
does like pranksters apply that did a 90
day more is it called doing a 90 day not
detox like a 90 day transformation but
it wasn't like a workout transformation
it was like a lifestyle transformation
so basically what he did is he tried to
improve himself and make him the best
person he can possibly be for 90 days so
he started working out he started eating
healthy he started spending more time
with friends and family
he started uploading more videos better
videos than he's ever done before he
like rekindled and fixed relationships
and like friendships and stuff that he
had like dropped in the past because he
spent time doing other things just
became like a nicer happier person I
really want to try it out so starting
tomorrow which is the day you're
watching this and tomorrow's vlog for me
ah I'm going to try and just get up
earlier in the mornings have a really
healthy nice breakfast go to the gym
which I have started doing recently but
it's not again I just want to reiterate
that's why there's net region reiterate
that it's not a transformation just my
body like yes hopefully I will get
ripped and fitter but it's more like a
mental cleanse and just becoming a
better person so for 90 days I'm going
to really make an effort to not
procrastinate to not waste time and just
spend my time more wisely doing better
things for the right people making more
videos better videos and things like
that so on the calendar here every
single day you've got your mummys
birthday it's on the 23rd love did she
did she write Joe's birthday as well
brosefs birthday on September so
starting tomorrow which is the 12th I
want to say I'm going to write like
Alfie up here and then every day I'm
going to cross out or do something or
color in these and I'm going to try and
get 90 of these like coloured in in a
row and every single day I'll do that in
my video if I genuinely feel that I've
done the best I possibly can which will
hopefully inspire me after I get a
couple of days knowledge literally
barking at that man's head
stop it Missy and so hopefully after a
couple of days she really doesn't like
it so hopefully after a couple of days
once I've got like three or four days in
a row where I'm really try my best I
won't want to break the chain and I
won't want to fail for you guys and for
myself I feel like I'm rambling on you
guys know what I mean I'm just going to
try and make gaming videos make sure my
daily blogs up on time every single day
that my main channel videos have more
effort and they're better than ever
that I'm working on getting the office
sorted the I spend more quality time
with Zoey that I take nalem out more
walks and more fun times and spend
better time with my family and and more
positive about everything
I don't know are you excited for the new
me yeah yeah
we couldn't do that now you couldn't do
that well I don't know if I get I'm just
going to try and if I fail like I said
in yesterday's video if I fail then it's
exactly the same as not trying but I I
really want to make an effort and the
body transformation that you said is
just unbelievable
he has got into crazy good shape let's
give it a go
starting tomorrow in the start down here
somewhere and we're gonna we're gonna
work on it we're gonna work on it but
for now though he is cooking me up some
dinner
what are you cooking up mashed potatoes
chicken on crow with mashed potato Shh
hey Terence asparagus and accordion
vegetables delicious Nala stop barking
barking barking Missy wait barking at
what you're barking at what do you
barking at Miss yet little cheeky one
you're so tired look at you try not to
yawn there we go
also I want to quickly say thank you to
somebody so was it from South Korea
somebody sent me some hair bands sent me
some headbands but they literally did
from South Korea some of you guys so I
normally wear these ones and somebody
saw that I've snapped quite a few of
them because they break so easily and
they also give me a headache because
they're so tight but they're meant to be
that close together but then obviously
when I put up my head it stretches them
and it pinches the back of my head I'm
complaining about hair band this is
ridiculous so somebody just sent me from
South Korea one of you guys this one
which is like awesome and this one like
two ones that I've like never seen
anything like in my life before so I am
doing a headband hole so it does like
the exact same job I did if you can see
it at all and then if you can see that
does like the same job but it's just a
lot less like tight and squishy on my
head but also I can like put it in my
bag and it won't break and that it's the
same with this one which is really
really cool sike exactly the same kind
of thing and just pulls on my hair back
and yeah that's my headband hole in case
you're wondering that I should
after my Haitian knife I'm now gonna
read some of my comments and then we're
gonna have dinner look how crazy is this
is it real yeah I'm gonna make you jump
no it's not gonna make you jump a
promise it's one of those things like
Stonehenge it's not coming look closely
please come on if a parrot oh my god its
people how crazy is that what the hell
there's two people laying on top of each
other I bet so many people think this is
a scary video because look it's a simply
spectacular you have to see it till the
end ten million views look at how I look
at it look there's the face yeah and now
her legs bent over the other one is head
and that's her boob you can see our boob
underarm how crazy is that this looks
like the creepiest shop in the entire
world so I've got some random woman
speaking next me it sounds like but
basically the Zoe's asleep next to me in
bed there so I can't be too loud we've
got a sleep upon which we listen to most
nights which is just like a woman being
like mm-hmm calm down and relax and
everything like that so I'm going to go
to sleep now guys thank you so much for
watching today if you enjoyed it give it
a big old thumbs up as usual let's see
um you can get and tomorrow it's the
first day of my 90 day challenge so I'll
catch you tomorrow thank you so much
with this ball I'm so excited for
tomorrow
good that
