hey guys today I'm here with Louise cuz
we always hug it we're getting along and
I hate every dime we hug so nicely nice
have you been good good good get it
super summery today we're out in the
park which isn't like a normal challenge
video of mine but today I've been asked
to do the malam challenge this summer so
that is what we're gonna do I'm gonna
beat you
no you're not oh yeah I forgot how
competitive like train tracks and stuff
without doing a part it's lovely
I want to frisbee Louise is super
competitive I forgot about this so
basically what we have got let me just
grab some stuff right we've got tons of
different our one we've got the emcees
free teeth we've got these don't draw
them nobody open cuz I've already I look
really we got in Limbo's we've got sour
stripes
we've got joysticks we've got mini
pinball kind of ones about a little one
we've got tons of different sweets so so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna have
five minutes each to see who can make
the other ones like this part of the
body that you press shoulders yeah that
were pros who can make the best Pro Papa
job the other person get by sticking the
sweets onto an easel who's going fast
you make rock paper scissors but you go
one two three show yeah I know ever wins
gets to choose okay one two three show
you can do the picture first correct
Louise's song competitive as well three
two one go five minutes make this
beautiful face so what are you going for
what's your artistic vision then how
long the glue take to dry now he's got
plenty of supplies down here no this is
I can't wait to see how this turns out
could it be great alright what color
your eyes green greenery everyone always
thinks blue but they're actually green
do you think this is gonna be so much
it's gonna look so good like a
photograph all right I got this come on
time to tick in not much longer about 30
seconds left
20 seconds yes it is oh it's gone look
I'll get you that we've got it easy
because I've got like obvious hair well
you haven't even got a mouthful anything
yes sorry
don't talk much anyway Oh er I'm just
using my top just using giant back to
the top do you feel pleased of your work
that I'll be feeling really pleased if
you work time's running out time's
running out five four looking good three
oh it's my turn that's good this is
better than what I thought it well let's
show it at the end the show again okay
my turn to Louise's turn now you ready
yeah go
five minutes five minutes goes quicker
than what you're thinking aiya short
oh my gosh look at forgot Louise's a
month which means that she's used to
like playing with stuff like this and
making artwork for Darcy so she's
probably gonna beat me right and now for
your hair times ticking away Louise or
then look how good hurt but I'd met her
just going better than mine we go
that's few lies in your eyelid Phillips
yeah that's telling me
Mimi oh it isn't being serious this is
actually looking really good
way better than my wife also I forgot to
mention at the end guys we have got
judge and choose currently filming and
they haven't camera up here and I'm just
going to be judging whose is the best
it's pretty safe to say I haven't won so
far
Louisa's still what like how long have
you got left let me check on my phone
make it my heart yeah because you were a
little flat caps not flat cap boom
beanies no like service is cap this
summer
dammit this is really good but I think
it's safe to say you don't even need the
second three two one
all right moment of truth Angela whose
is the best I mean it's a hard game
every door yeah Maury one no no way
dammit my was alpha loses one with
rosy-cheeked yeah my stumble outlets
yeah it's still already long neck I'm
gonna go with Nui yes one kit all right
thank you and that is it guys I hope you
enjoyed the random little extra video
here on this channel you have done I did
thanks for having me thanks a lot anyway
like Robin if we've got another train
going past train has finally gone past
if you enjoy the video guys and please
give it a big ol thumbs up yeah all of
Louise's links will be down below so you
can go check that we haven't filmed a
video together in ages we should this is
the first video we filmed together and
so long I'm showing you my second
channel I won this challenge we should
do another one where you get the chance
to win something oh I'm so smug thanks
for having any channel I'm really in
it's okay if you guys want to check out
the Upper Merion challenges I'll leave a
link down below and you can go check
them out and yeah I'll see you tomorrow
bye bye
