good morning everybody I haven't started
the blog yeah how you doing oh no sorry
people always tell me off whenever I
changed my intro good morning guys
Zoe and myself and Maddie are off today
on a little road trip I mean it's not
the most exciting road trip where are we
going guys learn a cirencester which
apparently is near bath Zoe's got a
meeting and it is three and a half hours
away from my house in the car so we're
driving there and then I'm just gonna
set up my laptop a bit and then we're
gonna drive back basically I need to
write a lot a lot a lot of my book today
my new book so I'm currently just
sitting on my laptop in the car I knew
that if we've got three and a half hours
each way for the journey that's seven
hours plus the time was where they're
timid ever like three hours or something
like that I couldn't do anything to get
distracted because I wouldn't just be at
home so we've got a friend looking after
nyla and I'm just gonna I have nothing
else to do but work on my book the
entire day
we've just finished up the meeting and
we are on the way home it looks like I
literally haven't left the car we drive
in my car and it doesn't tell you it
doesn't tell you how much petrol you
have left I only tells you one like a
little meter thing like this it doesn't
tell you exactly how many miles I saw
his car so my car is kind of got zero
like straight up zero petty like nothing
on the mill tires on the end so we're
trying to find out using Maddie's phone
with Siri where the closest petrol
station is because we've been driving
for like how long chuckling to have been
half an hour Zoe with no petrol at all
in the car and we're still going at the
moment we're still going it just cuts
out the engine yeah yeah the petrol with
the engine this place wherever we are
wait whereas your wee Gloucester are we
in crushed Shelton that's right yeah we
said so ancestor earlier we're not there
and it smells so far me here just
everywhere I'm not gonna lie it just
smells like cow poo does Evan oh they
don't have any petrol oh my gosh oh my
gosh we just went my fast one oh I had
nothing in that hmm yo yo yeah the
petrol capital I don't know I never know
yeah it's my side how's it going the
smell of petrol is literally my favorite
smell
when I was younger this sounds right I'm
like crouched up when I was younger I
once got told to get back in the car and
the speaker they're like can the little
boy in number 6 get back in his car and
I was like apparently have to be 16 you
know to stand out on the door
so I got told off because my mom was
pretty upset when I was just standing
here like I'm not some like weird person
like smelling petrol and glue I just
think that smell effect was really
really good a lot of people don't like
yeah I love it
and the petrol the smell of shoe polish
oh my gosh
I got your purse or do you want me to
pay for no I meant as in me pay for the
bed with my wallet gorgeous we can share
it you want to know should we get Maddie
or should we get Maddie you know looking
thick it just blooming grabber one
yes yes we are gonna try right you wait
there wait wait there but I'm gonna go
now
no it's not oh don't make their blot
does it go round
drive under yeah you can
look at her hair it's litter of warts
that actually serious
let's go cars will hunt in oh it's
actually it's like a moat around the
castle safety so Maddie can't go and
invade the car so they put a moat around
it have we got bread goes there we go
yeah we've cut chicken nuggets look at
the car so up there Maddie's making
friends look at them all come on Felix
come here Felix would you run yes some
of them looks so chilled sausage roll
does not count this bread oh look
there's a big boy Swan come in come in
look at this big old Swan let's see how
close we can get let's see if we can get
let's see if we can get a good thumbnail
hello mate hello hello miss this one oh
no he's coming for my hand oh look
there's little babies over there do you
think I don't want to scare her babies
they look so soft and fluffy little beat
so chill this was a good stop of why is
there squat in some realistic buys they
literally sound like they're laughing
it's so cute at the back just chilling
it looks just chilling job hello big boy
ooh hello
I feel like I wanna give him a high-five
jerk and he gives poor poor okay okay
okay okay okay I'm sorry I'm sorry poor
okay
flipper oh I'm sorry
you can go back of your little swans go
play of your babies goodbye Maddy try to
just put the gnome over there to take a
picture of them with the swadden yeah I
get the good picture and they've
overtaken the Swan Oh guys we've been
attacked where swans oh please go relax
in the water again we just want unknown
back ola even the little ones I don't
know I don't know oh okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry
how about you stand here and I'll go
over that side we'll go on each side
okay
this one doesn't like me being here okay
you walk away
oh holy crap oh my god
thank you so much have a lovely day guys
well we'll see you another time thank
you so much for unknown back thank you
let you know did you get the picture
right just got out the car again look
how cool this shot of the cast list
obviously it's not the best shot there
is this is just as we were driving past
death oh my god just imagine one day but
previously somebody just lived in that
but that was somebody's house imagine
that being your new house yeah guys just
moved house look at that look at it it
is extremely late it's like half past
11:00 we've just been having cuddles in
bed with Nava but I never know if I'm
gonna end the vlog now I've just watched
a video I'm just gonna quit anything
here room for a little bit because I
don't want to wait to tell me up next
door I am just watched a video from
Yousef you guys know Yousef fouseytube
and here's the basically just oh sorry
I'm just in my boxers basically my
friend do daily vlogs called dose of foo
see on YouTube has just uploaded a video
called it was kind of like a 90 day
transformation and you may be thinking
that's like working now and getting
ripped and eating well and it does
include that stuff where I don't get me
wrong here's got incredibly ripped in
the ninety days but it's mainly just
like eating well being a more positive
and like happy person and trying to get
out more and do more trying to make sure
that all his videos that he uploads are
uploaded on time that he filmed the
right amount of videos that he says he
will like a week because right now I say
oh yeah I'm gonna do that gave me videos
every week and then I get busy and then
I don't end up filming gave me videos
like couple of that do gaming videos out
face
so he's basically tried to for 90 days
and has succeeded he's just finished the
90 day is turning himself into the
person that he wants to be I want to try
and like take a leaf from his book and
just work on like every single aspect of
my life whether that's like spending
more time with my family
improving friendships spending more time
like quality time with Zoey
spend more quality time and I love
working out more eating healthier
because I eat call of takeaways or eie a
lot in a lot of restaurants like I don't
cook very much like learning how to cook
spending time to learn how to cook
basically just improved it everything in
my life and really really focused on it
and just thinking what do I want to
achieve
let's achieve it like let's just do it
and spend 90 days achieving everything
and doing everything that I want to do
and I think it's going to be bloomin
hard like it's gonna have to mean going
to bed earlier waking up early every
single day no matter what the day is to
getting everything that I want to get
done before I go to bed and I think yeah
his videos just really inspired me to
properly give it a go so I think
starting tomorrow I'm gonna set my alarm
tonight because I woke up this morning
at half past 7 to have to go today with
Zoey and it was fine like it was really
really early for me normally I wake up
about half past eight or nine but it was
fine like once I was awakened I was up
like it was okay it was like if the air
wasn't tired like I'm tired now or bits
only because it's like quarter to 12:00
anyway I'm rambling on I'm gonna try it
and do like a 90 day transformation but
not body transformation just life
transformation I want to work on this
together I want you guys to leave things
in the comments that you think I should
work on I want you guys to give me a ton
of thumbs up when I do things really
well and I'm like try and stuff
I don't know I just think it's called we
can work on this together
I want to buy a calendar tomorrow or
trying to find a calendar and every day
that I manage to achieve and do
everything I want to do in that day and
I've worked really hard then I crossed
off the calendar and I'm going to try
and get 90 crosses in a row for the 90
days it could fail horribly
but the worst thing that the fail like
if I fail it and I don't manage to do
what I want to do now then it's the same
as not ever trying is now it's like
exactly the same as not starting the
90-day thing which is what I'm currently
doing now so yeah sorry that I rambled
on now I hope you understand what I'm
trying to say tomorrow is day one of 90
just life transformation making
everything better and just just go in
for it and really really trying
everything and try my best and just make
you myself or the best person I can
possibly be well this got deep didn't
that blend my neck anyways guys I'm
gonna end the video now give the video a
thumbs up if you're excited so the
future for this channel I don't even
know
I just enough daily vlogging I love just
chatting to you guys like a niche I
could genuinely it's been just like
hours just sat head chat into the
cameras weird because I honestly feel
like I'm speaking to people right now
like as I'm talking
there is nobody watching this live like
now but I can't describe what I felt I
could come same words expecting people
to have to hear them like it's just like
I've got like a now my family and
friends in front of me and I'm just
chatting to them like I can't even
discover it but like I feel like I'm
having a conversation this is it's weird
I love YouTube I love YouTube so much
this is such a cool thing that we get to
do together this is a such a cool
relationship like nobody ever gets to
just have relationship with people that
they've never met before like really be
hint about like you guys know things
about me you guys know what I've been up
to facts about me just the load of my
friends that I know personally wouldn't
he wouldn't ever even know about me
it's crazy what we have here this thing
that we have going on this little thing
and me and I don't know it's so cool I
love it so much so thank you for
watching I guess and I'll hopefully
catch you tomorrow
it'd be lovely if you tune in tomorrow
naked chat to you again tomorrow and we
could start this 90 day transformation
together
started really positive let's just go
straight out there and just give it
everything I got
how about you let's get the video thumbs
up I don't even I think I did I don't
know it's up to you you do what you want
to do it be cool if some of you guys
came on this 90-day thing with me so we
could do it in the same time together I
don't
anyways I'll speak more about that
tomorrow because I haven't even put a
min started this thing and I'm already
getting carried away giant about that
I'll catch you guys tomorrow I love you
so much I will see you I already said
that I don't even know I'm saying
anymore good night goodbye guys
I love you so much good night good night
