good morning guys I don't even know if
you can hear me because we are currently
in a car with a roof up we got little
nylon on the back
she's got a seatbelt on though don't you
worry don't worry she's got a seatbelt
my hat is going to blow up so I've
attached when necklace to my hat so it
can't go anywhere but we are on the way
now to stammer park which is that
restaurant oh it's kind of like what is
it looking at stately home it's a house
in a park
oh it's got a bit less which you guys
know we love and we're meeting Anna
Jonathan apparently Erica home are being
low speed with that yeah it's going to
be good so we're on our way now at the
time yeah you come off here the time is
we are also to Zoe the runway also no
don't turn off yeah we should have
turned off I went there on the Oh still
gets us there just hits five minutes
longer but yeah so far today I've
uploaded my video schedule for tonight
the time now is 3 p.m. we go for a late
lunch
but lets you spend this morning editing
uploading videos and things like that so
that they're ready for tonight and both
of them are going live by themselves at
five o'clock
I tried to get most chicken but they
didn't have any another Wars I've
literally trapped three wives in a glass
and taking them away look at Leon your
food
shall I traffic wait you hold their
hungry film at I can't promise that I
won't freak out
well there's another one tried to leave
in that yeah as a little as a message
she was friends thank you so much
Zoe so annoyed that she got a Caesar
salad this one again gone you can do it
go on yeah yeah tell me how good is so
good is it better than yours attacking
everyone is he's always held you because
she ordered a Caesar salad but then
she's just gonna eat mine that's what I
do
Lord how is it now there that I know
also God you guys I'm too busy we
getting on the beans like a little
afternoon another one Oren I should say
one he go out there there you go I don't
what I'm not yes you do some blogging
for me you simple I could say hi guys hi
guys I don't like to say blog takeover
are you gonna sure what did you have for
dinner
you getting your food anyway you wanna
get in close there we go it's a burger I
think you shot us you shred them in her
mouth what she had felt do you want
pudding what kind of putting do you want
Rick
pasta pudding what about chocolate do
you like chocolate
yeah we've got a ton of each a mess well
though I've notice is not a lot of
meringue I'm not gonna lie I didn't even
know Eton Mess was I thought there was
chocolate in it and then I also went for
a latte which I'm not allowed you know
I'm not allowed to drink coffee at the
moment because in my chest it's my first
coffee in like a month so wasps him in
annoying us our entire lunch we've been
catching them and putting them in
glasses that were not using whilst we're
eating zoe has been running away and
hiding we at the moment we currently
have three in here we did have a lie
determined yeah we had lots of different
glasses and then we got another one down
here in the bottom of there he's just
chillin they've actually okay their book
is like they're just eating all the
fruit off the side of the glass with the
day is three and you have been putting
them away like now bring in the yeah
yeah every couple of minutes we just
take them over to the bushes and when
you get them going questionnaire it's
probably the same ones coming laughing
exactly so much and they last time we
just got to chill for this three in one
glass who know what is going for a pee
bye-bye
God is peeing did he do one Bush acid
water
we're on the way home now and look at
this tiny little pony look at cute your
shears yeah oh I don't know if you know
but when I was about three or four years
old I used to do horse riding and white
little Shetland ponies and I went hitch
Jonathan's car
Jonathan has got a nutty car here
pressing the families with this little
kids turning their heads and what was I
saying yeah and then Zoey and I drove
past the place the other day where I
used to do the horse riding I got
something on my face or on my lens no oh
god I can just hear this car
yes Zoey I do a class to place the other
day but I used to do the horse riding so
I'm trying to persuade Zoey to go back
with me what do you do horse riding
yeah I've never ridden a horse that's
crazy have you guys ridden horses before
like I don't this as a normal thing to
do would you say I've never ridden a
horse I've never rode a horse rode a
horse I've never ridden right I don't
know reading a horse thing class I'm not
too sure or that I've even rode or
ridden a camel have you done that a
donkey I've done that yes perhaps oh
you've done a donkey but not a horse in
the same place you look at that there's
literally a person I don't if you can
see this person just asleep in that
field I hate their sleep
we haven't got their bag next to them
that's so cool literally you won't be
able to see this but up there up by that
trees up there this is just a man
sitting up there with his acoustic
guitar oh and it's girlfriend as well
that's so cute
so we're back now and we're just
unpacking some shop in the deserved that
has arrived and Zoey has told me that I
need to try something I don't know if
that means it's good or bad I'm assuming
that it's good otherwise you're gonna
order there that would be weird
if you've orden it's not good what is it
what is that tell me what it is I'll
tell you what it is tell me we think
it's good it tastes like peanut butter
no not peanut butter its digestive
biscuits in like a yeah
digestive biscuits with ginger in like a
bread crunchy biscuits bread yeah see I
was right I think that's such a pretty
good yeah I don't know what it'd be like
on toast though like bread with biscuits
Jesus this like a-tryin food video no
that's the bloomin cleaning up powder
that's not no smell at night y'all oh my
god that smells good but strong now
let's give a good time did you have a
nice time with your little friends Naru
and Eduardo are like best buds we have
just arrived to the beach everybody in
the car is laughing at my Molly
apparently it's the longest biggest
mullet in the world guys I know it just
thought let's film it from behind know
that let me flip the selfie a little Bob
look at it looks like Easter Egg yeah
it's good I've got straight hair I can't
how I'm gonna try to tuck it in you've
kind of definitely I'm not going down
haven't combed any still look guys you
just drive to the beach get rinsed for
my hair it's not curly enough so there's
like a mullet
but it will be long enough soon I want
it long you guys know that right to go
through the bad stages for to look good
the average is covered a walk and take
some extra crowd Sean's over there
taking pictures now probably of my
occupation my mother just took a load of
cheeky little Instagram the old pictures
on the beach we did without talking on
the camera maybe the night that what it
is like sure look how bright my camera
makes it up it's not that why guys in
your life it is look at it in my lens it
is so dark in real life honestly
I suppose that bit shows it a bit more
but even though it is dark we still
managed to get some good pictures out of
it so go follow me on Instagram if you
don't already point this blog as peruse
on everything you know I don't really
know what to do with my hair guys it's
annoying me at the moment because I want
to going on you guys know I do is it's
just an annoying stage where I've got a
mullet I've got a constant mullet and I
can't do anything about it let's go chop
it off whites let it go through what do
I do
I think of keeping just going through
what are you saying do I chop the mullet
so I get it trimmed what do you think
trim it for video oh yeah what do you
know that so yeah so guys I always get
tweeted pictures from a video when faces
but it's just the back is a mullet light
yeah I think it will go through then
there's a video that's very no idea to
videos actually want a her channel one
of my channel I think they've gone crazy
like ten million views each or something
ridiculous one was how well do we know
each other and it was like whipped cream
stuff what did you say
no people just say they like my hair in
that video
Yala day I just I've gotta commit for my
hair growing up so long now I just don't
want to I can't top it off I don't I
deal with work once it's long I promise
you guys I know there's rubbish now
you'll be worth it yet had a really
really nice time and it is five minutes
past 10:00 I'm going to end the vlog now
because me and Zoe I both just going to
sit in the cosy room now in this little
room here well it doesn't look very cozy
look so dark it is cozy
I promise you it's nice and cozy we're
just going to sit in here with the TV on
quietly and just bite my book we're
going to write man new book so I will
catch you tomorrow thank you so much
watching as usual thanks so much all the
sport and the new main channel video at
poppy if you haven't seen it already
then I'll leave a link down below so you
guys can check it out and that is about
it I love you so much I will catch you
tomorrow good night I was just about to
get into bed guys and then I just
remembered that I haven't updated you
yet because one of you just we can you
say Alfie you meant update us in
yesterday's video about the vlogging
camera giveaway and I completely forgot
to tell you so I'm so so sorry I'm
telling you now I I don't even know how
long that was now maybe a couple of
weeks maybe a month ago maybe it could
even be a month ago I did a competition
basically I bought three really really
good vlogging cameras three 32-gigabyte
like just top memory cards that I use
and for you guys and I'm basically
wanted to help three of you start making
videos some of you that want to make
videos and you currently do but you feel
like you don't have the equipment that
you would love so basically I bought the
equipment to help you out and then it's
not just that I want to like help you
grow an audience might give you guys
advice and chat to guys on skype and
really help you out just give you like
all the tips and the support that I can
in my
videos and everything to just help you
guys make videos anyways I'm sure you
already know that basically I kind of
haven't updated you since then and I
really should have I said that I'd pick
three winners and I haven't yet picked
three winners what I've done I found it
really really difficult to find people
because a lot of the people that are
sending me messages either I don't know
like they've message saying I want to
start making YouTube videos but they
have never ever like me reading for the
tweets tweeted about wanting to my
YouTube videos or they haven't got like
any of their display pictures even like
a picture of them which would show that
they like would want to put themselves
online kind of thing like their pictures
like me or people who have made videos
been our video point your camera and
their camera quality is like
unbelievably good and I'm just like you
don't need my camera your camera is
amazing as it is so I found it more
difficult than what I thought I would
and we're going to try not to ramble on
basically I found two winners and the
two winners know that they've already
won
I haven't yet sent them the camera
because I want to do all three in one go
and then I can tell you guys in a video
about the three people and promote them
and have you guys go check out the
videos and everything like that so I
haven't yet found the third winner I
found two one person is wanting to start
daily video videos I think from what
I've more understood from her video I
haven't spoken to her yet I want to
speak to her and a person is also a gal
who currently does make videos and she
just made a video about about me and my
giveaway and just talking to me and
addressing me and saying that she really
like to win and she's hilarious so she
is another way now but third winner
I haven't found yet so if you guys want
to make videos or you don't try and
contact me in some way don't send me an
email me don't email me like I don't
mean like that
but I mean like upload a video called
points blog giveaway or can we give away
or tweet me or tweet me a video or
something like that but really really
show that you want to make videos that's
the important I'm not just going to give
this camera away like I've had so many
people message me about this but I
haven't just given the third one away
easily because I
want to make sure that the three people
that I help out really want to make
videos for the right reasons and
everything like that anyways long story
short there's one camera left for the
giveaway and I'm really really excited
to help help these people out and just
do everything I can to help them do what
they want to do anyways I'm going to
brush my teeth now and go to bed I'll
catch you tomorrow just a quick update
hope you enjoyed it one winner left go
go go
