good morning guy is a haven't started
the blog yet today because I just popped
over to Mum
that's filmed a brand new video with
poppy that is going up the same day as
you're watching this budget fun filming
good day filming and actually that's the
first proper main Channel video I filled
with poppy because I filmed the other
day with her but that was with Sean as
OE as well for that challenge and now we
just fought for a spot to eat and just
some shopping and stuff so we just head
into the crepes club to lunch or you can
t see my face cuz I've got half time and
some girls killing this song really
really good morning out filming just as
I want to feel my first microphone down
for Stephanies I'll try and film after
lunch
look how good my breakfast left so I got
extra avocado and then it also got
cheeky no extra sausage in there bacon
happy
then you are mash all those guys down at
Terre we'll tennis don't even test me
just do a little bit of shopping didn't
really film in churches where the
shopping center because it is like the
busiest place in the entire world moment
also that girl who was singing she
wasn't outside when we came out so I
never got to shoes and shoes I bought
dad a pair of gray I just big gizelle
about that yeah poor dad some sure knows
about shoes I bought dad some grade
gazelles like a month ago and he wears
them all the time and loves them so I
just bought him some green ones today
I'm now back at home guys after a really
really nice time in town I've got this
little sleepy one on me here and I've
just edited the new daily vlog and it is
up moving now and is 94% processed which
is good although is running a bit late
today because obviously I was in town
with poppy and shortin so I'm so sorry
that yesterday's video was a bit late
for you guys I'm really like cramped and
hot and they're all squished up right
now really uncomfortable but could have
gotten on me here pillows everywhere but
at the same time whilst this is
uploading I'm also editing the new main
channel video which is gone at the same
day as this so I think it's going good
so far there's some really really funny
bits i've only edited like three minutes
or bit so far or something like that but
i think it's gonna be good
not only you okay you can't get
comfortable in there right let's all
move up let's make you and me
comfortable don't you just love it when
you're just having a really really cute
nice cuddle on the sofa with your dog
and then you look down after your dog
has been eating the tree and you have
this mmm lovely
exactly what I wanted on my new plain
white t-shirt
thanks Nala thank you so much thank you
for that stain I really won today haha
she doesn't know I'm a DJ Kim baby don't
worry you was having a little dribbly
sleep I'm still editing my new main
channel video for tomorrow and I am
literally have been watching quite a few
getting distracted watching quite a few
dude perfect videos if you don't do
puppet videos are then you need to check
them out just type in dude perfect
they're like just crazy like trick shots
and like things like they do like
bowling tricks and all of the tricks
that they do a backwards I throw the
ball backwards or archery shots and
they're like throwing plates in the air
and shooting them out in the air like an
art I can't I can't do them justice with
words that you have to just watch their
videos but everybody's got a ten million
views each video they're incredible but
I just ordered a takeaway for dinner
because I'm still rent in the video and
we literally have like I think we might
have some cheese in the fridge maybe
some carrot little bits for the guinea
pigs and stuff but nothing like properly
for dinner so I just ordered a takeaway
now from delivery it's just like if you
don't know what deliver is obviously
this isn't sponsored if you don't know
what deliver is it basically it's like a
middleman so you order it from any
restaurant more or less my doughnut more
cities it's in it just started in
Brighton recently and you order it from
the restaurant but free deliver and they
go pick it up bring at your house it's
kind of like there was a food delivery
service
so this restaurant I went to I got food
from tonight what's it called I was I
mean got up from my computer any more
Carluccio's that's the one from
Carluccio's so I got lasagna and a
couple of starters but it's great
because normally you can't order food
from places like Colliers that's just
like an Italian restaurant but I can
because these people come pick it up for
me and bring it to the house and I think
they only charge like two pounds to do
that which if you're ordering like a
meal for one or two people isn't bad
like if I was ordering for me and Zoe's
and that's at one pound each to get our
food from any restaurant I delivered
the house I think that's really really
reasonable but anyways I got this for a
starter which is two different answers
together which is bruschetta and one
which is our tomatoes and stuff on Mir
bread then the other one I got how and
no not ham chicken pate and then I also
got a massive just a lasagne by itself
which I'm really really excited to eat I
love lasagna right anyways I'm going to
stop waffling on I'm going to Karen into
this video now let's have a little nap
down there next to me although she did
fart on me earlier and it stunk she was
being so cute like all cuddled up
sleeping on me
and their five kids make up date guys I
was literally about to go to bed now I
was going to hit my vlog upstairs but
Meredith is back and she is growing
bigger than ever I don't even know what
to do have a look at this
Oh Meredith going go away no one likes
you literally nobody like should go away
she is so big don't even think about
going in my office
I'm really sorry Mary left but you are
disgusting look at that
I have no idea how to get one of them
out of the house like the leg span on
that is bigger than a cup that we owned
like what I'm just gonna have to turn
off my office lights and good it's the
door I'm genuinely really scared of them
you know oh no my laptop yeah I need my
laptop oh no I don't let you in but I
have to run go to bed
turn off the light close the door
Mary just consider alright guys I'm
gonna end the vlog now before Meredith
eats me if this goes up then it means
that I'm still alive okay well I hope
you enjoyed today's video if you did
give it a big ol thumbs up to let me
know that you did and yeah that is about
it boy it's my hair player now I'm
wanting a hat but my hair is so long I
can't really wear it well right I'll get
Noah to tuck it all behind my ease it so
long I will catch you tomorrow tomorrow
I can't
speed I'll get you to worry guys
just before I go remember that there was
a new video going up right now for you
guys if you're watching this then my new
video is most probably live or about to
be like any minute I will leave a link
down below this is new video and there
will be a link to my new YouTube video
I've just finished editing now it is
with my sister and we are going through
our childhood memory boxes so basically
throughout my life growing up my parents
have always saved different things like
pairs of shoes clothes schoolwork funny
things that we've made and put them into
boxes I have never looked through these
boxes before so my sister and I went
through them and just laughed everything
that we've ever done in our lives so I
hope you enjoy that and I will get you
tomorrow
good night
