good morning guys it is currently 20
minutes past 10:00 I kind of had a line
in this morning but now I'm just making
my breakfast for the first time in ages
I'm not having porridge because I've run
out of porridge that's literally the
only reason just cooking up some bacon
what you doing zone number Bacon's not
too bad I need to flip it in my left
hand why are you making cupcakes
yesterday my sister's plum launched last
night at 5:00 p.m. and we're gonna go to
mom and dad's tonight for the launch
like so we can be there were talking
laughs it's going live and we're gonna
make off I say wait
Zoey's gonna make some cupcakes I'm
still editing the daily blog still just
covering that yet and Zoey well then
look really good or with a cupcake
making videos that you watch every
evening have gone to good use
let me show them look how good thinner
like they actually look properly like in
a shop but you can sell them how pleased
you from 1 to 10 solid 10 coming in
you're gonna cover never cut all of
Daddy
yes oh you're so nice and warm
Zoey has just popped out to town to do
some shopping
and it is time now for me to carry on
working or in this new project which I
think I can tell you about I haven't
told you anything about it so far but in
interviews I've spoken about it a few
times I'm guessing those interviews are
out there and I'm not gonna be told off
for saying this in in a few months I do
know the date but I don't if I'm allowed
to tell you but in a few months I've got
a third book coming out like it sounds
ridiculous I've got a third book and I'm
21 a third book I've already got two
pointless books as you know and now I've
got a third book coming out which it's
completely different it is completely
different to the other two it is not a
pointless book which you guys have been
asking for so
look at nyla she's literally just asleep
on me legs you guys have been asking for
a third pointless book for so long but
it's not a third Point's birth they
could be run in the future maybe I
honestly don't have a clue ever there is
gonna be a third one or not but there is
a third book and it is completely
different to the pointless books I'm not
going to tell you what it is or what
it's like or like what kind of vibe it
is at all just because I want it to be a
surprise I haven't told anyone in
interviews what the book is like so far
it's not a biography as well before
people are like oh my god he's probably
doing a biography
it is not a biography no no no I
wouldn't do that many 21 I don't want to
do a blooming biography yeah I haven't
even done anything barely anything yeah
I didn't make any sense so I have got
like 14 days as of today to finish
writing this third book and I haven't
done enough of it yeah and talk like
I've got so much more to do so if you
ever see me in the next couple of like
week's blogs saying I've just been busy
for the last few hours that means I've
literally been scribbling stuff down
into this notebook and then trying to
turn it into something readable when
here I did at first I had like three
hours with I don't know what I don't
know I would call him I three hours of
somebody I don't know his job role
exactly somebody that I speak to and
they turn what I'm speaking into writing
into like good stalled writing so that
you guys could understand it well in
book form and I did three hours of
they're like three one-hour sessions but
it just wasn't right for me like I
didn't really like anybody else writing
as if they were me like my tone I tried
it because I just thought it would work
really well and it would be well-written
compared to what I could do myself but
it just didn't really work out and it
wasn't ready for me so I'm not doing
that anymore basic I've got a whole book
to write completely by myself and
obviously I've never written like like
my pointless books I like a one or two
lines per page max
and then just a bit of fun that doesn't
count as like a proper writing book this
isn't a normally if I'm not writing a
novel guys the boy online now Jake in so
I've kind of just set the task upon
myself by no longer working with this
person on the book that I am doing all
of it completely by myself like you that
is like my sister's helped me with some
of it actually the other day me and my
sister when we're on the way to err hop
you know when I met those viewers who
won the book competition me and my
sister sat down with this notepad and
started John tonight we've just got so
much writing in here and just jotting
notes and notes for this book feel like
I'm kind of doing another one of those
things that youtubers do with their life
course something it's I did but I can't
tell you what and but I can't tell you
I've told you it's a third book and it
is completely different to anything
you've ever done before and it'll be out
really really soon actually a lot sooner
than war you'll probably think it's
going to come out and I'm living excited
but first I have to actually write the
book writing is done for now
I just wrote another two pages which is
really really good but this little one
doesn't realize that I've got to go out
now and I feel really bad I mean she's
so so sleepy which is really good I just
hate leaving her by herself because Zoe
is not in and so he's out but she's she
so sleepy I don't finish your mind will
you do you mind I take that as a no
you're just annoyed I'm waking you up
tell me to stop waking you up leave you
she's so blooming to you look at her
you're so pretty on you little one
you're such a pretty little doggie I
keep on forget to bring out my sunglass
oh boy
it is such a lovely day such a nice day
too opted to invest and then just for
heard you on top so doesn't like too
much but it is lovely thank you
and it just got to Mum and dad's now
after loads of meetings our dad and we
have ten minutes we're short if you're
still at work
it's going to slide actually we can tell
you until Papa's blog goes live because
this is more for you guys
ten minutes oh I just redid now say in
10 minutes always eight minutes eight
minutes Bobby is like hyperventilating
eight minutes guys there's over 10,000
people waiting on your site yeah right
Oh where's my hairband my hair looks
awful there we go looks exactly the same
Bobby's blog we've just been on to the
on skype with the people who like cretin
designing or the blog and stuff like
that so we didn't vlog the actual launch
of it happening but it is now about 40
minutes afterwards you guys crashed the
site straight away basically the site
will not crash yet have you managed to
get on air and then the other half of
you like what's happening I'm only
getting a loading page so it is now all
sorted mr. buzz is not good and is
having asleep aren't you bigoted hmm
aren't you Snorlax how's it going good
at one point I don't know how many
people on it right now but at one point
was the blog when it just launched there
was 21,000 people on the blog at any one
second now there are currently six
thousand 146 people six thousand one
hundred and forty six people right this
second on Papi's website why these
before Jeanette's might be fun as of
your blog of your blog yeah I will leave
poppy things down below look at her
little head poke now
yo yo yo your blog is live we literally
working on this with the design team
people for like five months six months
five or six months I know that I'm also
number six Rashmi persuading poppy to
actually start a team me and JJ yeah J's
amazing J's been sick I leave J's links
down below if you guys need a website or
a blog made but be your heads like half
in this shot if you guys need like a
website or a blog made or anything
there's anything he's okay he's sick
he's so sure you know where's he from
he's from Berlin but he is like really
really good on skype and everything like
that so he's the one he also made Lily
pebbles booked in me that's how we got
it so thank you so much to Lily I need
to thank Lily so much Lily if you're
watching which is probably not what your
my daily blog if you're somehow watching
this Lily pebbles thank you so much for
connecting me to J who then made Poppy's
blog for her yeah it's been cool it's
been exciting
we just got a block out you've got blog
and now poppy is gonna one very very
important thing actually needs tweet s
what days do you upload new blog posts
on there's no slacking now because the
amount of times that puppy has rinsed me
for missing upload so on a Sunday
pop you'll be like let's hang out and
I'm like I can't I've got to do a video
and then I end up not being able to get
the video done and then the puppies like
fully uploading the video where is it I
mean I couldn't do it I didn't work out
and then she really rinses me and laughs
at me so poppy
can never miss a blog post otherwise I
am gonna go in on her you can't miss a
blog post okay what Daisy you can upload
your blog post Wednesday Wednesday and
Sunday by p.m. 5 p.m. on a Wednesday and
Sunday every single week there will be
new blog post yeah yoyoyo in the
celebration we've just ordered the
world's biggest take away with the most
sauce and dips like you could ever have
in the entire world so we've ordered a
gbk gourmet burger kitchen and you guys
know how much I love the garlic made but
also the skinny fries I don't know where
they are
whatever my skinny prize are they in
here yeah there they are
this is my dinner nice and how they are
set from the jib so kind of not so
healthy our thanks mum whenever I come
to mom and dad's we have glasses that
are this big
that is literally like a shot and you
guys know how much so I just know
alcohol water mom's got a bloomin barrel
of lemons for her drink lemon juice
water with lemons in it can you taste
the lemons yes do you guys like my new
little tripod underneath my camera ask
me how happy I am with it about 10 out
of 10 its puppies launch day so we need
to do something exciting honey there's
also a Friday yeah I need to get a
haircut
no I need to grow it I need to grow it
longer yeah I'm so tired
my head is like let's go I think we
should go and do some other stuff we're
doing day one day we need to go out I
suggested bowling I'm also suggested a
late-night Instagram Michelle is nine oh
you know I'm down for a late-night
o'clock on a Friday
Ricky's damn late isn't it let's go nine
o'clock on Friday on a Friday which is
going to walk from the beach
so crazy it's my launch night let's go
for a walk on the beach what your day
what do you undo I'm saying we go to the
casino no not a time I would say the
pier but we went the other night
I don't want to go for a while yeah walk
sounds boring
no that's don't thing that mean we're
going out why don't we go play frisbee
on the beach
although I don't have a frisbee quite
that kind of makes a big difference okay
what everything that's wrong next one a
managed suede the gang by the gang I
mean pop you in Sean to come to the
office
play some late-night table tennis it is
literally pitch black outside and it is
a Friday night we're not out partying
with ya then we're going to go for a
drink afterwards
okay can you do it step off backwards
have you done it before pop you haven't
okay wait let me show you look at it is
rolling away see all right that is that
over and done with
we didn't get any scoring system done at
all
look who's pop he was playing Sean's got
safety protection
going the new crash into a wall just
pops as you are are gonna come and push
you or go through the door go through
the door
oh my gosh come on go to bed alright
guys I just got back home and I'm just
playing little one to bed she's been so
good aren't you you're being so adorable
you've been sleeping in mommy and
daddy's bed with mommy haven't you
alright no night right no no zoom tucked
up into bed guys and it is time for me
to go to bed as well so I hope you
enjoyed today's video if you did give it
a big ol thumbs up to let me know and I
will catch you cool model thank you so
much for watching guys thanks all the
support and Poppy's blog as well it has
been so so overwhelming like actually on
believe was she just never ever expected
so many of you to enjoy it as much as
you are so thank you so much there'll be
a new blog post up on her blog tomorrow
for you on Sunday she's gonna upload a
new bill post every single Sunday and
Wednesday which is exciting
yeah I can't you tomorrow I'm doing
something very very exciting probably
tomorrow so look forward to it cool
