good morning guys how you doing so today
I just feel like today it's just gonna
be my day it's just going to be a good
day today the time is currently quarter
to 11:00 I just want to know
all right guys future outfeed butting in
because I forgot to tell you something
at the beginning this vlog it is 5:00
p.m. on Friday for you watching this
video and that is very very exciting
because papi days calm has officially
just launched literally the minute this
goes live is the minute that it launches
so I'm going to leave the top line in
the description go check it out now
pause the video go check it out go have
some fun enjoy it and then carry on
watching the blog okay so talk line in
the description don't forget to check it
out I just want to know I dunno I just
feel so good and happy and positive
today and I think it might be because I
just put some brand new socks on that
have never been worn before and that is
one of my favorite things to do is to
put on that sounds stupid doesn't it but
putting on new socks I just love it I
just love it so much
I just put on this white t-shirt as well
the it's got look at creased ears I
don't know why just out of nowhere is so
creased so I can't really wear it
because I'm doing I've been doing a
couple of TV things today and I'm going
to shoot a video in London with Louise
so let me just put you down over here a
sec perfect da right guys ironing is
done I think it went really really well
actually I mean there was only a couple
of creases and ironing is like the most
simple easy thing to do on a t-shirt
in the world I don't actually know how
to put this pining board back down so
anyways as I said today I am off to
lumbini oh the big city of London and
it's strange to think that some of you
guys want to come to London so bad and
have never ever been able to visit it
and live in a knowledge run upstairs
good right and live in other cities that
I think that I want to visit
I really want to go to like some of you
guys live in like I don't know Japan and
you dream of going to London and then
there's me who lives in London or near
London anywhere like an hour away and I
just want to go to like Japan so bad
is that weird let us I don't feel like
us I feel like I'm an idiot saying that
but I've just been thinking about this
morning like traveling is weird because
everybody wants to go where they're not
and some places that are just bloomin
awesome are so normal to some people and
I get that when you guys come to
Brighton a lot of you that watch my
videos come to my to you like oh my god
I've wanted to visit here so much for so
long there's of your videos and then
there's me who just like Oh guys I'm
going to town and then I just go into
Brighton good yeah coming them just went
upstairs to go and get knowledge she
comes down and then I'm off to film a
video of Louise and that's going to be
another video on this channel it's not
going to be a daily vlog but it's not
quite like a main channel video so I'm
just going to upload it as like an extra
video on this channel over the next
couple of days but we've got some it's
super fun planned and I think it's just
gonna be a real laughs but I've got to
need to get to the Train in like 20
minutes
my laptop has nine percent charge and
I've got to edit the daily vlog whilst
on the train
some just got grantstation now I think
oh my watch doesn't have the right time
wow that's loud I think I've got like 20
minutes until my train which is good for
me I'm never early anywhere but I need
to go and get my ticket and I know
there's going to be massive views
because it's our holiday
my train is in one minute one minute
right so I didn't really explain what
just happened
basically I got to the train station 25
minutes until my train was ready to
leave I then could pitch with one of you
guys in the transition realized that my
teacher there was a stain I'd already
bought my train to get at this point I
was like yes I'm gonna get some food out
of a lunch yet
I then remember those shooing I'm
shooting for a TV show later on today
and I had like a stain in the clip my
white t-shirt and 23 minutes until my
train leaves so I jumped in a taxi said
to the taxi please can you drive me down
to mem and my camera battery just died
today is not my day
as I said yeah so then I got my taxi to
wait outside American Apparel and ran
into American Apparel picked up a white
t-shirt as you saw and then remembered
that because there
focus on your box that's they're not
very like I end they're really really
creased when she first get them out so I
then said to them please site I know
this is a big thing to ask eating you
steam it because I know you guys have
steamers for your claims in there so
then the woman shopped it downstairs
it's got somebody to steam it for me
which to apply five minutes because the
steamer wasn't turned on and then jump
back in my taxi
absolutely sprinted at alliterative
attempts to do I'm at 12
time to wait I couldn't wait any longer
in tax and watch in my phone just take
it off the minutes to a gets closer and
closer to my train so there goes our
there's a pound again were twenty that
note and as I can change you so you show
us I'll eternal time jumped a little
taxi plan to the station
a mismatch of my 38 seconds 38 seconds I
thought it was still there the
contiguous I 11:49 38 and it leaves
11:49 and also excuse me is the 49
twister he was at night just left I was
like so I'm now on a train as you can
tell there isn't even going to Victoria
was going to London Bridge and then I've
also had to call up Angela do you guys
know Angela and ask her to change my
taxi on the other side set into the
studio instead of being at Vittorio
clear now Mimi London Bridge and I'm
half an hour late
absolutely sucks I don't even know how I
got the little stain on my t-shirt I
just didn't want it come on out to be on
TV
anyway it's the good news is I've just
edited my daily vlog and it's looking
really really good too so I hope you
enjoyed yesterday's been here
finally off the train finally although I
am still half an hour late
have you noticed that I'm now blogging
more like a little a little tries what
do you think I'd leave my camera just
today not any other day I just started
this morning I wanted to see if I could
get like a see a little bit of a wider
angle brother you get more picture in
the shop
exactly I like those watch me blog what
is that guy doing my taxi driver is
still on the way so I'm just gonna pop
him for a Starbucks wash wait them
thank you so much so from being so
positive this morning today is not my
day so much traffic in London that were
literally satis active like 15 minutes
and we moved about 15 meters literally
so I basically missed my TV show great
and now I've got come straight to the
office here in London and then Louise is
on her way as well camilo isn't going to
film that convenient together so it's
all good
I mean Louisa still filming I just kind
of missed the TV show not even because I
missed the Train
but because London traffic was so crazy
because there was a tube strike today
which means no tubes on so everybody's
getting hot
our car is pretty damn small why is this
small enough
alright you can't even see the car there
is a car that literally looks like
there's no car looks like a mirror so
we're now on our tiny little tiny little
car filled with some good content louise
has got literally like a bed this was
the murder we find me like I did want to
come and see it I did know the one day
there Zoe when I can make her this he
you know that she knows that we're back
in the car after an exciting filming of
the park weather I didn't film anything
for this video it is gonna be up in a
separate video so I told you yeah go get
in the comments of this video we did a
challenge but to guess who won the
challenge
I'm not giving anything away I'm just
saying I'm happy that's all be happy
good we're so happy with the outcome by
is lovely to see you
and back out ago literally popped inside
there for like two minutes to order a
taxi and then also to put my laptop on
charge for literally two minutes like I
think I've got some like four more
percent charge thank you have a lovely
evening
right now I need to provide a new ticket
which my other ticket only goes to
Victoria not under bridge because
obviously missed my train this morning
and then I also need to try and catch a
train gorica comment again now writer
614 debris that 18 minutes
so do oh wait nothing so platformers on
can't go just yet
I told Zoe I would be home at 8 o'clock
the trainers at 6:43 takes one hour five
minutes
hey what good's my beef in it oh yeah
yeah I'm so jealous
can I go anyone here can again I mean
I've got a girlfriend
guy hey did you get well that was rad
there wasn't it flippy now and then he
just got kissed on the lips but I didn't
even know I had no choice I dodged a
straight to the cheek none of that going
on I've been told that my train is
likely to be from this part of the
station here
no they're not still weird I feel like
shaken up merely kids to go on the lips
Moss blogging and didn't even have a
choice
the next station is Volker
finally back in writing guys Oh a lot of
traveling today a lot of travel in just
under stress because things have just
gone wrong
I'm so hungry it's like three minutes to
eight and I have having a dinner I need
to eat some dinner
I don't arrive welcome try and get some
food from maybe in the station sometimes
there's like a rats worse police outside
and a pizza place probably won't be open
because it's so labor I can try
so it is open literally just walking
outside now and there's still seven
people just wash my pizzas cook in their
summer just savagely box around here
hi guys I am just getting o tucked up
into bed thank you so much following me
around today I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did please give it a big
old thumbs up I had such a good piece
that's nine sodas Lobby it was like
super super thin and absolutely
delicious if you're ever outside Berlin
station
pick one up I'm gonna go to sleep thank
you so much watching today if you
enjoyed it give it a big ol thumbs up
did I just say that second to go I don't
know anyways I'm so tired
I'll catch you tomorrow have a lovely
evening good
you
