good morning guys how you doin future
Alfie butting in to let you know that
I've just seen this video I'm editing it
right now and there is some weird stuff
next to my bed so I thought I'd show you
what it is before you guys are like what
the hell is that okay so down here next
to my bed don't even ask me why I sleep
with the remotes down here
I have this thing that changes the
temperature of our bed to know some
weird then I sleep basically and then
there's a knife down here as well so you
guys have seen in these daily vlogs a
couple of times now I've heard weird
noises downstairs in the night and I've
woken up and I'm like Zoey
we're gettin burgled I'm gonna go down
and scare them off I don't know how I'll
scare them off but I'll try
so what I started doing is I slept with
a rolling pin next to my bed and then
one time I heard of really really weird
noise downstairs I was like so freaked
out I definitely getting burgled so I
went down to the kitchen and got a knife
and I was walking around obviously I'm
not gonna do anything with the knife
it's just to scare somebody away but in
this blog at the beginning it looks
really strange and it looks like well
hell is off you got a rolling pin and a
knife next is bed so I just wanted to
explain I put the next my bed one night
like two or three months ago to scare
off burglars it sounds so stupid
anyways carry on with the vlog I've just
had to cancel the gym I'm meant to be
going in 15 minutes because I just had a
phone call from Amazon to say that my
table tennis table is gonna right
between 10:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. lunch
time and not normally the gym from 9:00
a.m. until about half-past eleven so my
trainer has just text me like a little
circuit they have to do a home today so
I have to try and look at this we have
hair what was happening in there so I
have to talk member to do that so II do
want to do that together a little
circuit that gave me why not she's not
paying attention so I was Carly edge in
the new video he's not really good
this is so weird it's just here during
the day you know so strange basically
guys if I haven't told you already
today I'm moving alone this stuff into
the office starting off with any minute
now between 10 and 12 o'clock and the
time is currently quarter past 10:00 I'm
having my table tennis table arrive like
it is probably gonna be here so I've got
my friend Morgan coming over to come and
help me put it all together I think it
takes like an hour for two people to put
together and then later on today and
then later on today oh I need 200 the
lights on so strange just like things
are turning the lights on in my own
office and then later on today sorry my
mum and I are gonna drop loads of my
stuff from in the little office a home
that I have into this one so like the
bean bags that you saw in yesterday's
video maybe an office chair or though
don't have a desk yet in here so don't
me enough there's only point in that so
just sat down on the floor to start
editing the daily vlog and I just
realized that I've only got can you see
that nope you can't see that of course
you can't see that this camera doesn't
focus on bloomin anything but I have 8%
back to on my laptop and I stupidly
forgot my laptop charger right so after
an hour of waiting my table tennis table
is finally here I think the guys
downstairs now the only issue I have is
that because of Health and Safety the
guy isn't allowed to carry up to this
floor so I'm gonna have to somehow do
this by myself I have no idea how this
is gonna work is over a hundred kilos
and I've somehow got to get this
upstairs now
so I think what I'm gonna have to do is
just rip it open and then just take it
up bit by bit
oh my gosh I'm in the lift with some of
the stuff this is like one of the legs
and a couple of screws and bolts and
stuff
all the rest of it is downstairs the
table itself splits into two and still
doesn't fit in this lift so I'm gonna
have to carry the table itself up which
is like a hundred kilos in two parts
upward the stairs the tables are so
awkward like that I can pick them up
it's not that they're too heavy it's
that it's so big I just can't carry it
by myself so I've got another leg I've
got the net there and I'm just gonna
have to wait for Morgan to come and help
me through the tables oh my gosh
Morgan's here we just carried it up I am
like wanna see carnage by now I'm
sweating the table was up here the legs
Morgan are you dying like I'm straight
up sweating more than I do in the gym
now my head is wet got myself a little
bagel man and I'm very grown up I got
two apple juices are we gonna start
building this table or should we go
should we go to the beach and gone the
segways still eat my lunch building the
table booking can't get off for this God
just step back yeah there we go
always step back not forward step back
right so we just been out got some tools
as well for this because the very lovely
company whoever bought off is at a very
very nice table doesn't come with any
tools so which doesn't impact the
shopping don't bother at all we're gonna
be able to do this somehow but there was
a ton of screws also it came with four
bats
there's three were still there and a
load of bulls it never told me online
that they came with bats and balls I
would walk for bats and blow the balls
so now I've got eight bats which is fine
but I just didn't have to spend the
money on the other ones
quick update time it is literally like
two and a half hours later the table is
basically finished it hasn't got the net
on I am absolutely dead
and now somehow we've got to flip it
over and I think it weighs at 170
kilograms you feelin strong no neither
am i I feel like we need to film this
just in case it goes awfully wrong
I think it when I'll get it guys we're
just going to attach the net now it is
blooming a massive literally takes up
like half the room I hope people who
come here like table tennis it's done
the table tennis table is done look at
it in the room way that's big isn't that
my gosh right here we go first point
waist look at the camera
shall I put it on the radiator you ready
I'm playing one-handed one camera oh
I've got to head back home now because
knowledge me left for a few hours by
itself and obviously pugs can't be that
for too long by themselves so just a
little tidy up this is the office at the
moment that is my bin I don't have a bin
ya need to buy a bin oh well done
remember to turn the lights off I said
to Morgan earlier I know I'm gonna
forget to turn the lights off whenever I
leave here during the daytime look up
him in big the table is alright I've
just got home did I tell you guys that I
bought some cupcakes I don't think I did
bought myself and so a cupcake each so
he also bought me a present
I'd bumped into her in town she was in
Tamil of a friend today and I bumped
into her and what is in my bat over my
laptop it's gonna say my bag is so
bloomin heavy right let's open this door
and let Nala out probing me
I'm the last oh my god
I got some office stuff with my mom I'm
currently in the left I've got one
beanbag and one massive box full of like
coffee machines and stuff like that or
machines coffee machine and like table
tennis bats and everything oh my gosh
mommy's out getting the second beanbag
and then bringing it in now back in the
office we've got some bean bags over
here I don't know where they're actually
gonna go but the big ol bean bags we
kind of got chairs and then in here
we've got the new game that Zoey brought
me I'll show you in another daily vlog
coffee capsule holders of coffee machine
drone batteries table tennis bats waters
in here coffee capsules tripod to film
with basically just lots of bits and
bobs I'm going to put the camera over
here to film the game then I try zooming
a good a minute yeah
we're back at mom and dad's like a hobby
Papias and we've got some delicious food
that I just kicked for everybody he's
really quickly whipped up all from
scratch
mum mums just about Instagram a photo
just taking their photos mums Instagram
no you're not you don't get to choose a
major Oh
Poppy's uploaded Nate's got 59 minutes
ago yes of bloody pomegranate or
something like that
what is it what is it
you don't even know yourself I just
liked it for moms account yeah yeah I
can't believe what I've just done guys
it just got home and the whole day I've
been saying I really really just want to
bother like I can't wait home to get a
bath
I forgot that whoever fitted this
bathroom recently put the taps the wrong
way around the hot once is cold in the
cold lenders hot I just found this
entire bath look how deep it is and it
is blooming freezing I'm such an idiot
now I'm gonna have to let it load of it
out but fill it up again
the bath is finally hot and I've picked
a little bath bomb to put in it
alright guys I'm all tucked up into bed
that bath was weird
like I kind of got in it and then fell
asleep for like 25 minutes and then woke
up and I was like ice meant to be doing
productive stuff in the bath basically
I've got a crazy amount of stuff to do
for this new project coming out and my
deadline is in 16 days actually nuts
past 12 o'clock it's in 15 days so I
took a notepad and pen to do some work
in the bath and fell asleep which isn't
good oh and then I just been laying in
bed now for like an hour trying to plan
some new merchandise which is super
super exciting let me know if there's
anything in particular you guys want
look I'm planning a lot of new stuff at
the moment and yeah I'm going to add
sleep I've got a super fun date tomorrow
I'm in London all day I'm doing some TV
show stuff I don't know I'm guessing I
can film it I'm pretty sure I can I'm
also hanging out with Louise and yeah I
don't know we'll just see what happens
so I'll catch you tomorrow give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it also
the YouTube views and have a live but it
doesn't stop a 301 anymore so if you're
watching this video I can literally see
instantly the watch that I just went to
bed now my new videos got two hundred
two thousand views which is crazy
normally I wouldn't be able to tell how
many views of gone to the morning but
now I can see so yeah do know why I told
you that I just thought it was cool and
I'll get you tomorrow good night
