good morning guys how you doing
it is like 12 minutes plus 9 my trainer
is picking me up in 3 minutes and I'm
still having that breakfast great one
Alfie as usual running late
alright I don't even want that milk oh
my homeland milk my almond milk I'm
going to try my absolute best to make
some porridge and eat it in the next
three minutes probably isn't going to
happen considering porridge takes two
minutes to be made where even is it so
he's moved my porridge I've only just
found my camera
I was literally been looking for it and
I drill ice and put it in my bag stupid
me
I've got that from the gym and it is now
just past lunchtime I went over to my
mum and dads and although my dad wasn't
there he was at work it was just my
sister and my mom and I had lunch with
them and then showed me on the floor she
was Alfie come and look at this noise Oh
what is that she was like look bent down
to the floor and picked up the biggest
daddy longlegs I have ever seen like
straight up the biggest tiny longlegs
I've ever seen in my life like his body
was like this big and it's legs like
each leg and I'm being serious
was like that long and then it was dead
I don't know how it died it was just on
the floor and she said she she's it I
knew you were coming round later so I
left it on the floor and didn't put it
like tidy it away tied it weighs if she
was going to put it in door and she
didn't put it in the bin because she
knew she wanted to chase me around the
house with it so I was I was trying to
film because I was running away as
literally like a murderer was chasing
somebody of a knife she was chasing me
holding this spider around the house and
I was trying to get my camera to film it
because it was so funny but I couldn't
find anywhere turns out using my bag
anyways I am back home now Zoe is out
shopping with my sister going to go I do
not think they got a home sense so I'm
left with this little one this afternoon
and she's just got a new toy from
somewhere I don't know ever nerf sent it
maybe my PA box or Zoe's people I don't
have a bimbo
bazo's Pierre box sometimes people send
things from my name on her enough thing
that she seems to love I think it's not
for dogs I think it's for people look at
her I think it's for people to like play
with in the park but she loves it came
down this morning she's just been
playing with it by cell for ages so
thanks now if you guys sent that you
might not have sent it as Ari could have
just bought it I don't know anyways I
now need to honor don't I don't I was
comes out now I need to edit the daily
vlog but I don't because yesterday I was
literally in meetings all day and then I
had dinner with people that was in the
meeting with so I ended up finishing
like work-related stuff at like half
10:00 at night so literally did there
was like a letter start didn't end in my
blog at half past 10:00 at night then
there was no point me filming so I
didn't vlog anything yesterday so I'm so
sorry that there was nobody yesterday I
know I'm a daily vlogger but yesterday
was chock-a-block back-to-back meetings
and I couldn't couldn't do anything
about it you know
one more I got some new parcels my
office normally on this channel we do a
little thing called I don't know I
comment what I call it I call it
something ridiculous which is basically
where I open stuff that I've ordered
online Alfie orders stuff online and now
he opens it okay let's not call it that
that was rubbish
anyways loads of stuff that hold it for
the office has just arrived let's go
through it let me get a knife got a
lovely pink knife why is it here and
none of the obvious you may ask because
I didn't want to wait in at the office
all day for the parcels so I just got
them to deliver to my house right let's
start with this small one first I never
know how to open these this has got the
most sellotape in the world
nope that won't do don't cut yourself
happy don't cut yourself oh it's
something else I thought it was
something turns out it's something even
better oh my gosh okay finally item
number one
let me explain first let me move this
down a little bit item number one
basically I really really want to get a
drone a drone of a camera to film some
shots my daily vlogs and for my main
channel videos just a little bit of fun
I don't want to spend a crazy amount of
money on a drone and just end up
crashing it and breaking it so what I
did is I bought two drones that just
sounds stupid I didn't buy too expensive
drones this drone here was 30 pounds
then I bought another drone which is
already at the office you may have seen
it in a vlog already before which I
think was something like 40 pounds now a
drone with a camera is something like
600 pounds to two and a half thousand
pounds like crazy crazy money so I just
wanted to drop like 30 pounds on a drone
I researched it
loads before buying this one apparently
this is one of the best drones to buy to
learn how to fly a drone anyways that is
item number one let's see what else we
got item number two jeez this is heavier
than what I thought why did I shoot
everything down on the floor down here
alright any fashion these boxes back
what the bloomin air is that look at
this that is not what I ordered
what is that like a wicker skirt oh I
see what it is unbelievable this weird
packaging stuff is exactly what I've
been waiting for it's my new coffee
machine basically we have one of these
just up there yeah I think it is same
one it is the same one we have this
coffee machine up there at the moment
and I absolutely love it although I'm
not allowed to drink coffee anymore and
you guys have been asking in the
comments why isn't alpha legend coffee
basically you know when I had all my
chest issues and I had all that camera
down my throat and everything was
checked out it came back that I have a
thing called I told you this in videos
before called acid reflux now the things
that make acid reflux was oh my gosh
knowledge of sneezed or coughed and I
thought there was somebody in here for
those man to shout at me it sound like
someone went boom anyways acid reflux
the things that make acid reflux worse
spicy food Iijima laying down and coffee
or caffeine I don't know whether it's
coffee or caffeine so if I've just told
myself it's coffee even though I
probably know it's caffeine because I
just still like drinking tea but so I'm
not really allowed to drink much coffee
but I thought the amount of meetings I'm
going to be having an amount of friends
over in my office and stuff like that
the door just move by itself what the
preliminary is going on yeah the amount
of times people are going to be coming
to the office that will want a coffee I
thought it was very very handy every
office needs a coffee machine
so bought a coffee machine although I
didn't order a black one so I don't know
where in the pictures it's black maybe
okay wait it's got a white stick on the
front it's got a cream sticker it's in
cream it's not black now you may be
thinking what the hell are these three
things and I think I'm thinking the same
I could have sworn I ordered 2 and not 3
I've already told you guys what's in
here before in couple of days ago in a
vlog but I swear I ordered two so maybe
one of them is just feeling ok that's
what it is
that is the procedure I have no idea how
to do that bean bag number one these are
so much bigger than what I thought I can
let you like sleep at my office on the
bean bags so I am somehow meant to I
think on the instructions it says use
two people I don't think we need two
people so I just have to unzip this and
pull one of these in here I might just
leave this until Zoe gets home she's
currently out with my sister shopping
okay guys I've set up the camera in the
corner and I think I'm going to try and
prank
Zoe by hiding in one of the boxes I'm
going to leave the room like this it
looks like a mess and then I'm going to
highly in one of them
okay I've set up this camera and another
camera over there I have no idea when
she's going to get back it could
literally be in like two hours I'm just
gonna I'm gonna wait it out okay so
you're still in the shot okay then no
not much no okay so I just rang my
sister to see where her and Zoey and
what they're up to and what they're
doing and when they're gonna be back and
stuff and they are still in home base no
no not home base home sent shopping in
fact she's ring me back now basically
they're not really back for like at
least an hour so I'm trying to do some
what what and then go to Mom's for
dinner uh yeah okay
can you just grab me a loaded turn two
chicken breasts and then maybe like two
chicken rub like peri-peri if you didn't
get the gist of that call Zoey and poppy
have decided that it would be a good
idea to go straight from home sense to
Sainsbury's to get food and then we're
going to go to mom and dad's to cook it
which means I can't prank her I set up
and I've left all the boxes all over the
front room and I can't even prank her
because we're not coming she's not
coming here we're going straight to my
parents just got to mom and dad and mum
has cooked me up some delicious looking
chicken oh yeah now look like up put
some effort into it as well and she's
talking to poppy and Zoey now coz I was
laughing because earlier when I was on
the phone to poppy as you saw very cool
Bobby is like why you were going to me
why you good as I probably I'm not
recording you basic because I ordered so
many Paula or because so many pastors
arrived today
Owen it's a judge where he works i unbox
them all then I sell cameras all around
the front room and I was hiding in the
boxes for Zoey to come back
this is young bowel au and then a ranked
puppy as a hiding in a box around it
would be a got cameras reward everyone
like what about to you guys so what you
mean I'm likes what you up to where are
you I was sort of home sensors like oh
and other guys it's not happening sorry
Frank guys trying to jump out yet the
watch should be right yeah you're right
gosh went oh oh he's in a foul mood no
it's because I was just trying to get
out the information of where you are and
pop you is just blooming right why tell
me why tell me why you wouldn't you'll
be rich you're being weird
I think after you it's dope but no you
just like go back to the point that I
was right all along
hi I just need a my dinner one minute
pop you're so weird
why are you getting in buzzes bed yeah
literally good again less that you're in
his bed goody goody goody buzz what the
hell is she doing we are on the way home
just had a delicious dinner with the
family and then we all just spent the
last like half an hour so looking
through all my baby pictures and my
teenage pictures and the mere dad was
looking through my first Youtube vid is
he has got fully been or the original
fire only for my YouTube videos I put
them on this wish you hadn't believed I
put them all in this memory guard like
the worst videos you've ever seen on
this memory right now there's like 150
on once you did it on I don't even know
I honestly don't know they were all
taken me your rainy day ones there I
doubt it that was my first first video I
want to contact YouTube and see if they
can get that back it must be saved
somewhere in YouTube my first ever
you know I deleted it so embarrassing
but I wish I never delete an app but
yeah we are on the way home now so and I
are going to attempt to fill these bean
bags your space hold it in okay it did
say on the picture do not hold this
without gloves in case it rips all a bit
oh my god no no no no I need to like cut
off I need to cut it off somehow
no it looks like a fish bombing I know
you'd shake around tip whole thing
upside down so you've got the the bottom
that's that murder
now let me spring that round then that's
it that's how you do it Oh guys look at
this that was better wasn't it what
would you have done without me eh it's a
good yeah not really comfy now I've got
it in the right condition that's like
very inappropriate so much easier can't
shake it yeah this is mine there you go
now it looks like I'm a bug this is my
shell
we've got my first chairs kind of in my
office the bean bags are done is that
fun let's put one on top of the other
see if it's really comfy
wait for fear than the other 100 guys
guys it bounced me it felt it felt a
measure of a pop dare it felt like you
know there's videos when people under
things on the water and then someone
jumps on it and then they go boom that's
what it felt like all right guys I am
just getting Oh tucked up in to bed
Zoey also bought some new sheets when
she went shopping or poppy today so all
of our bedding sheets and literally like
so fresh and clean and softly I can't
even describe if I know you could feel
somehow through YouTube then if you
could feel this it's like soft this
thing and the why might blue the TV is
blue every time the TV changes color I'm
changing color wait for it
oh this program is pretty high there we
go and yeah I need to be a little bit
quieter because oh he is literally
asleep next to me just there and I'm
wide awake I've just finished a bit of
work on a future project which is super
exciting I've got so much more to do but
I had a deadline tonight for tomorrow
morning and I think I made it on time
which is good sorry again that there's
no dead you blog yesterday guys I had
not given you a new video every single
day but yeah I was just super super busy
and I'm glad that I'm back straightaway
the next day back to vlogging again and
I know that I've got a good couple of
days ahead of me which will be fun
tomorrow's exciting tomorrow I get my
table tennis table and I'm going to take
of the beanbags to the office and
they're drawn to the office and I'm just
gonna start padding out a little bit one
thing I do need to do and please keep
them reminding me because I know I'm
gonna keep on forgetting and it is so
crucial and important is internet I need
to buy and book Internet installation in
my office
needs to happen so soon I don't even
know how let it go this far and I feel
on to do it
yeah anyways I'm going to get sleep now
guys thank you so much for watching
today if you enjoyed it please give the
video a big old thumbs up give it one of
these a big old thumbs up and yeah I
just wanna say thank you so much
watching another sport as always there
is something very very very exciting
happening soon I can't tell you what all
I'm gonna do is leave a link in the
description you will see what it is I
will put it very exciting and then I'll
put a link to it not going to tell you
what to or anything all I can say is
this to do my sister as you can see what
the URL is poppy days calm go to poppy
days calm and you will see something
crazy crazy exciting I literally cannot
wait for you to see what is coming but
I'm not going to anything us poppy days
calm go to it now guys the end of this
video I will catch you tomorrow thank
you so much George in good night
