good morning guys good morning how you
doing hope you're having a lovely day
yeah I look a little bit blue that is so
much better just about to make myself
some breakfast
the time is currently not 1234 that is
wrong don't you are I'm not my major and
we'll start the vlog at lunchtime the
time for fun fact you may not know about
me I did competitive gymnastics for six
years used to have to do the splits yep
some people don't believe that boys can
do the splits the kids here will hit the
balls but doesn't head you boys but you
said to do it you just need to be
incredibly stretchy and practice all the
time I don't know how I even got onto
this this morning has been preparation
for hello world this weekend like if
this weekend so he's upstairs doing her
makeup poppy and Shana in the car on the
way over at the moment and in about half
an hour or so we're all going to be
heading up driving up to Birmingham
together anyways good morning guys hope
you're having a lovely day thank you so
much everybody's part of the LBW Club if
you're not already then like before
watching you know what to do as you know
I read the comments every single day
somebody commented saying happy
I miss your weather Jack's used to start
your blogs every morning showing us the
weather you don't do that anymore I
thought that's just club or anything to
do I thought that was just a weird thing
that I do turns out somebody misses it
so whoever it was whoever left that
comment here is a weather check
dedicated just to you bloom a beautiful
day clear blue sky I know there's a
cheeky little cloud hiding over there
hey and you mr. bird other than them -
oh hey it's a it's a clear blue sky you
see where are you
we're going away now we're going away
we've just had the first stop of the day
is this Cobham Cobham station oh I'm
gonna try and get some bonjela I've had
a really bad also flat for days
I'm just keep so much McDonald bag he's
been literate forgot a hoodie on that
Zoey bought me from my a thrush video
yesterday we saw it you didn't go check
it out did you buy this because I'm so
romantic jerseys bought it so you remind
yourself to be Roman so that I have to
become romantic we've been driving for
over an hour and when we first got in
the car in two hours 30 minutes until we
get there
it now still says 2 hours 30 minutes
that's terrific
yeah we literally may as well just not
left yet the traffic is so bad there has
been so much like just stopping and
starting and stopping and starting this
seems like the one chicken bacon Ave oh
yeah I'll get a salad as well they got
long cards early thank you so much
I cannot even describe you I can't I
can't even speak how happy I am to be
here at the hotel six hours 45 minute
journey that should have only taken 2
hours 45 minutes 4 hours of traffic oh
like oh my gosh
drop my stuff up in the hotel room and
I'm now yeah I've got to try and upload
a vlog in the middle of nowhere in the
biggest most random hotel I've ever been
to my life like we've got like a a
driving range here it's got a mini gold
puttan bit that looks sick that I
definitely definitely want to do whilst
I'm here but I just have no idea where I
am no idea what anyone else is was I was
in a room just chill him for a bit I
said I'd to meet Joe but the floor that
he's on doesn't even exist in the
building that I'm that my room is in
yeah I have no idea I've come into Joe's
room he's helping me out it's got better
Wi-Fi than us I'll see my upload says 2
hours 45 minutes though that's why it's
the last night it's good
Ivarsson tweak is in one goes fast now
yeah Joe's got better internet than my
laptop that works no if I log in on
yours yeah should we try it
today's just from one of those days
they're just nothing is going by I'm
currently uploading my vlog off of two
laptops at the same time to see which
one can upload it faster for you guys
I'm also standing nowhere near the
entrance of the hotel on way over here
because I'm trying to upload for
snapchats explaining that the vlog is
late and then I'm sorry but I can't even
do that because there is no literally
whoever picked this hotel there's no
service we've got a million trillion
youtubers staying here and we've got no
service so I'm not getting any text
messages I'm not getting the neocon
upload any snapchat so I can't even
tweet saying that the vlog is late I'm
very very sorry yesterday that the vlog
was all messed up and stuff but look how
crazy look at look at this we're about
to jump in uh in a vehicle now everyone
else has headed over there me and Joe
had been staying behind trying to get
the vlog up everyone
one else is over at the venue and then
we're going to late night I thought were
finishing tonight at half past 11:00 I'm
probably gonna be even staying there
even later because I wanna make sure
that the pop-up shop and everything is
going awesome so we're about to start
about to go and see how everything is
fingers crossed everything is looking
all good
I've seen some pictures or some videos
everyone's been telling me that it's
looking amazing so I just can't wait to
see it in person we're just walking in
for the very first time yo this is
massive I can do it we big wow what's
going on air faking some thumbnails
these bacon bubbles into some thumbnails
look at this what's happening boys
happening here oh yeah I don't explain
it my blog I filmed a video Georgie said
what video very slender I filmed a video
a Joe and Kass no video with Josh and
Caspar and I found I've got it saved on
my laptop on the side I found it on my
autumn old SD card the other day over a
year ago he filmed I never uploaded it
to further right he sent us a joke right
but you know underneath that is sort of
treating the underlying underlying
annoyance yeah every time I see Josh
she's like when you're doing the video I
related my main channel in ten months
with that
guys have just got to the crater store
pop-up it's looking sick the girls have
been working hard on it today we've also
got crates door hello collab grabbing
machines which you guys know is my
favorite thing to play so I'm super
excited about that gold like the
backpacks they're sold out we've got
sound like pop sockets that aren't
available and stuff anymore we're having
the first goes on these I want to point
this book
goAnimate oh that was a good one even
get out the box or get the PO get the
rainbow pose that's what you know Marcus
won't stop trying he wants that
pointless bog bag so bad Shawn Shawn
picked up one of the box rockets but it
just fell out machine the Alfie
pointlessblog grabber oh you've got this
this is a free machine is amazing that's
a new main Channel video for Ollie the
grabber challenge literally an hour
later a Marcus is still playing it now
paranoid he is we're getting there I'm
just sorting out all of the stuff got my
notepads Louie's notepad we've got the
new struggle of Halloween stickers
they're literally available now these
have just come out more stickers here
Halloween specials these are going quick
all my necklaces right so you just had a
massive debriefing we've all talent
coming to the event this is my first
time walking up here but we've seen all
of this yeah bro it's amazing not all
done up like that yeah so welcome to
hello world I feel like we're walking
into like The Truman Show but imagine
being born like here and then this is
all you know oh look they've got the
brim the campervan
I love how will chair access friendly
this is everything with the ramps that
makes me very happy
BBC Radio 1 hello bakery Casper's score
after I'm doing my book signings people
were coming I gonna lose this is sick
Zoe Zen garden down here with real trees
how crazy is that look at them there's a
blooming Christmas
you might recognize that guys that's
from Shawn Mendes brought aw it's been
quite a while since my last clip in the
vlog yo it's a late one it's currently
quarter past 11 in the evening I've just
got back from the venue drop my bag off
upstairs oh he's fast asleep in bed and
I'm now heading up to come eat come meet
some of the gang at the bar
everyone's just having a little drinks
GTS Casper's gone for Grey Goose vodka a
Malbec and a burger and chips this guy
good morning guys
I did hope you having a lovely are now
just realized this blog for two and one
so it's all for free the blog but I'm
gonna parsley come around everyone's
gonna say how excited about today gonna
start with poppy days this one might be
quite long probably loves for loving to
challenge the camera to be fair I think
I've changed one box go hello mark
I'm very excited I'm excited to go on
stage and answer some questions Q&A Q&A
ease you're doing a Q&A just general
knowledge and just to have fun with my
friends just to have the yoloz hi my
name's I'm actually excited for that and
the piano and I wish I knew how to play
the piano you do no but seriously Wacom
others backstage here's my biggest fan
hey thank you playing a copying game
someone stop first
whatever you do everyone else has to
copy it you go fast mark alright not
that one okay what about this you ready
ready one two ah damn it I'm over that
one okay that's one and a half 1 1 2 now
3 that was 2 again 1 2
three over just perhaps in the end man
we have ten minutes into the VIP tour
star those close to her now hey doin
boys come on boys
bloody brushing his teeth we've got VIPs
waiting man this is how we prep for our
VIP tours oh yeah wait Zoe lift up your
lift up your shoulders a bit like that
lean forward to it does your abs yeah
there we go I just know that I'm gonna
get that it wants to be marks button and
not care about me all the VIPs everyone
so are you worried about that they're
all markers I know this is busy guys
there's 500 VIPs here this is insane
we've each got our own group here of a
hundred people and then we're giving
them a tour around and then we're gonna
be grabbing pictures of everyone
Casper's groups chanting naughty gangs
some girls camping outside and I was
like oh baby was lots of fun they did
not give a single Shi T that I was there
the official last person are you excited
for today good let's go picture
officially the best the best group guys
our group was so chilled so lovely just
had a hundred selfies with Nicole and
now it's going on their main stage do a
little Q&A this is crazy I just finished
up on main stage right now as you saw
and I'm going straight into my book
signing and then straight into her the
crazy store pop-up meet-and-greet
walking around to my book signing
just setting up for the book signing
getting on the books out they manage to
swear my book publishers to deliver for
free 300 copies of my new roller head so
that everyone who comes to the book
Chinese will get a free book literally
just got you guys three hundred three
copies of these these three the last
people of my book sign in you're the
last ones how's your day going get yeah
I like this this looks awesome
what's going on in here Tang fastest is
right there the one this is for me yeah
your honor yeah that's cute I'm hijack
Casper's skull this is the thing this is
this is Casper's thing but I kinda just
jumped in because I'm just I've got very
half an hour so I wanted to do something
gold these are the pupils at Casper
skull Ivan Casper's teaching assistant
available yeah so I like to inspire my
students I wanted to introduce them to
one of my very favorite YouTube with the
whole world of people
I feel feel honored we've got a cloth
sitting down there I want to show them
your jumper no one's ever seen this in a
video check this the first person I've
seen with oh man love it
I've just come in to Zoe's Zen garden
I've got eight minutes until my next
thing so he's over here getting pictures
of people we've got Mark Google poppy
Shaun somewhere over there it's actually
snowing like I don't if you can see this
how is it snowing this is the final main
stage
let's spin out and meet today's
contestants Wow look at that this line
that looks nasty can we see the
Pathankot lose it correct mrs. fish what
famous actors known for saying I'll be
back orange debut solo single and a
camera outside the dressing room and
I've got people here backstage whilst is
that's me right now to set the little
point
so hopefully right now to talk to you
the actual camera of him hopefully our
we've got it perfect
steady Josh we don't see big Joseph
Mills you're doing no that's how
I like
you having to get done
we went the wrong way and now we're
somehow somehow having to go through a
tollbooth we miss one turning and now we
have to pay three pounds 80 to go round
a roundabout and back down are you
kidding me we've having to go back
through the other side we literally just
went the wrong way they three pounds 80
each way to come back onto the right
Road quite a few hours later since that
mayhem that craziness on stage with the
BAPS closing it up with a banner up all
night no the show was awesome the day
was awesome me pop Zoey and Sean heading
out to the bar we're gonna pick up
Louise on the way get a couple of drinks
we might be going out to another bar
tonight as well to go and get some
drinks of everyone else just gonna see
what happens you know
check out this GNT oh my gosh
oh we're no InFocus
there we go I got more compression I'm
going to show them your president a
president
and I don't know what is Joe's gonna eat
some noise gonna dry
it's got this Lane but is currently 0 1
2 3 in the morning so it's 123 in 40
minutes the clocks go back so we'll go
back to 1 o'clock which is kind of cool
so we get hours extra sleep tonight you
guys all know that Zoe doesn't drink she
doesn't really stay out late partying
and some of that isn't her thing but she
ended up staying out tonight until just
then until 1:20 in the morning so I just
walked her back to the room she's eating
a wagon mother's in bed and I'm heading
back out to Cameron having had a couple
of drinks of everyone and I think I'm
gonna order some chips come on you guys
literally good morning the time is 10
minutes past 6:00 I mean I just had to
change hotel rooms I don't know I
describe that because I don't believe in
this stuff so for a period of about an
hour there was some and I wish honestly
I was cancer again because it was like
almost like us being set up for a prank
it was that insane basically for a
period of like an hour we had in our old
hotel room like crazy weird noises
coming from above like doors opening a
closed-end guitar strings things to rock
really crazy and I was like banging the
ceiling like yo shut up was at 5 a.m. it
was 5 a.m. it was when I first think of
it was for like 55 there's like all that
probably like
yeah and then the noises with some
inconsistent so it would be like someone
wheeling like something around like this
side of the room and then over this yeah
I can hear that also your podcast really
loud just three pages because again we
reset oh they'll stop good and then it
didn't stop Sally cold reception was
like hey can you check the Vermeil Bob
and you ringing them and tell them to
light stop that and then I'll go back in
Pindar's light sorry this sounds crazy
with the top floor and then I went to
call them back to be like him to say
like y'all know what's happening boy
your findings this noise is just insane
Oh someone's kicking off up there and
they're like no first the phone just
wouldn't really work I just wanna make
the call that four times the call kept
on going my breaking up really really
bad connection and then though I were
gonna send we're gonna send our security
team down and that night manager but
just to let you know there is nothing
above you you're the top room and I know
I've just realized that and it sounds
stupid but please can someone come into
the room and come and listen so this guy
comes in who must be like quite low
level staff in the hotel the guy in the
red oh yeah he comes in and he's just
like no that's not cool I don't like
this because it makes no logical sense
man because they know what there's
nothing above the dream and then and
then they're hearing it in the room and
they're like and then we hear a knock on
the door anyway y'all what's going on
and there's three guys two bodyguards
like big security and then also and I'm
the night manager come in so there's
like four of us 4:55 a.m. or 5:30 a.m.
whatever it is means are in bed and then
just like freaking I can't just on our
memory they're like freaking out because
it just doesn't make any sense they then
say that there is an attic above each of
the top floor rooms that is like I can't
do it both my hands but like yeah like
that high maybe a little bit higher
no no it's behind that it was like bit
more yeah like that much that much high
kind of thing and he's like there's a
stairwell that goes to it
the only people have access to that
stairwell at the - security not even the
night manager no he said they haven't
gone up there in three years they went
to him that to the look at the stairwell
and they said y'all is crazy he opened
the door and the box is in there that
are organized what everywhere just
thrown over the place on the way into
the roof attic there it was like the
only two people have access to that
place are the two security and they came
down and even like yo this is not cool
like this isn't good and then the hotel
night manager and the younger member of
staff went to go and get me ansari a new
hotel room which is this one one's gonna
get the lift and the lifts psycho
diligence they weren't gonna get in it
imposter Oh walking past it and he was
like did you only close him without them
getting it and then they literally come
back and they're like freaking out like
they're like scared you know honestly
this is been going on like an hour and
it's been banged out and then they come
up here in exactly oh yeah because it
was so inconsistent and more not that
I'm not gonna believe I think and I
think we're crazy and then they didn't
never like I've never seen like big
security guys be so scared in my life
okay they were telling us other stories
of like all haunted things here they
were like there's been crazy activity of
a little boy running around cry and
there's a ghost they like we get all the
time about
stuff like this and they were like there
was once from a balloon set off all of
our balloon done round and round on the
CCTV set off all of our alarms and as
soon as they long goes off they look at
the CCTV to see what set it off and it
was a balloon go around in a circle so
you went out to get it and as he
breached friend the blueness run up in
the sky he was like there's loads of
crazy stuff like that I said yeah so
those guys are freaked out right now and
they're in our room trying to figure out
what it is and I don't believe and I
literally said to him I'm not scared
with this kind of thing at all
because I don't believe it and he's like
I'm telling you now you need to believe
in it it's like there's too much stuff
so your phone stopped working the energy
so listen there was no way someone could
be above you it's a how how have we not
had one complaint from anyone else in
the hotel he's our next walk on here at
they have an extra line here guys it was
so loud
that's so loud I wish I filmed it and I
was I was like this close to vlogging it
and they even made a joke saying Ah this
woman could youtube content for you
because we told them what we did but he
almond it looked like so setup because
there was a security here and everything
he was scared because of the ghost like
you guys would have thought it was just
acting I'm fake that's what's just
happened it's currently what's the time
17 6:17 in the morning
somebody's going back to sleep I really
do I feel awake now
why do I debate a few hours ago
hopefully their shifts don't end so that
we can check to them in the morning
yeah imagine how crazy this repeats away
we could we leave here we go back log
and get one of our stuff get ready go to
the reception tonight yo is a possible
chat to the night manager Bagram and
then I yeah here yes 900 you didn't die
you know no none of us none of us many
last night he's like well I know we
stayed in a room down below in daylight
how would you go in that agent and
imagine that I straight up right now I'm
the night manager I didn't see you guys
lost nice and different Carson you know
I'm excited to find out what it is but
sort of we believe in ghosts and things
were they're adamant especially with the
phone not working and stuff time to try
and get back to sleep good morning guys
is fully morning time we're about to go
back into our old room because that's
where all our stuff is I see how old our
belongings are magic the whole rooms you
say thrown around quite a few hours
later and we're at the arena we're about
to do the VIP tour we split up into five
different groups for the VIP in my group
we've got Bobby Shawn Lana and there's
tons of other people
you're back at it again
is the efficiency of you guys you guys
are so efficient I'm timing you're never
late for anything my day today is so
busy and yesterday as well as you saw
let you just on the VIP now straight
here to the books I then giving out free
books too heavy one who comes to the
book signing and then straight from here
to a merchandise create the store PB
match meet-and-greet and then straight
from there to jump on some other let's
rather stuff we've got a time of five
books left over so I'm just signing off
first Hannah's birthday and the arcade
is Hannah's birthday singing today okay
ready one two three
happy birthday to she's loving her life
these guys have just joined on stage
where to store meet and greet that's
what we're doing they put my camera down
to me
by night
farewell mate when will I next see you
being serious brah goodness ooh um I
don't know you're gonna see me when I
come visit these are in our dressing
room from Zarrella Beauty the boxes are
so big they're nobody's checking them on
the trains home and stuff so we're just
going to be booked no no they've been
taken okay that's good treat them on the
train we're not leaving anything in
there in the green rooms we're gonna
give them away
