good morning guy is now we've got a very
very very serious update for you guys to
know Meredith last night when I was
brushing my teeth Meredith was chilling
on the wall just literally there where I
snapchat her from the toilet yesterday
she was on the wall last night this
morning one of you guys just tweeted me
a picture now saying have you seen
Meredith Meredith today and then a
picture of it if you don't here Meredith
this Meredith is like a daddy longlegs
spider kind of thick one of those
horrible spiders where their legs are
like this long and little thin and so
Meredith that's gone missing I don't
know where she is I really hope she
hasn't got it oh my god if she's gone in
my mouth you know when you hear stories
like facts like you swallowed up to
eight spiders a year whilst you're
asleep if I've swallowed Meredith last
night well I don't know what I'd do
because I can't really do much because
I'll whisper swallow that but oh my gosh
I don't like this just finished up
editing the new daily vlog and it is
about I'm just going to upload it now
scheduled for tonight so that it is on
time perfectly I just had two of the
biggest boxes I'm going to try and show
you without showing you my dress these
two boxes here and here have just
arrived full of stuff from Amazon I've
ordered a load of stuff for myself and I
load the stuff for the office so I have
no idea what is in there well I know
what I've ordered but I don't know what
things have come today and what things
are coming in a couple of days and stuff
so I'm going to open them in a second
but first I just this arrived which is
lunch because I mean I for Sunday for us
is that let me put you up here Sunday
for Zoe and I is the busiest day because
obviously we upload our main channel
videos and I do a daily vlog and it's
the weekends so all that friends and
family that want to hang out so we
sometimes order takeaway for lunch on a
Sunday and I'm still obviously trying to
be healthy because I'm working out stuff
so I bought some tissues now Jake a
little bit and so I got what is in this
box I got two of these boxes
and then I got some skinny fries which
are just like thin fries so steal some
chips but bit skinny chips if that just
telling myself that makes it better
don't think actually does and but in
here instead of get like a chicken
burger or something I just got oh that's
literally tiny can you see that I just
got loads of chicken skewers why say
loads I didn't get like I got two
portions cheese that bloomin expensive
as well yeah come look at this
that one's big but this one's tiny so
it's big skipped out on that one yeah
this one's got barely any now it's gone
quite a lot my katsu mmm it's got a
chicken in my chips
I'll see you got chips as well yeah I
just got loads of chicken cooked on
skewer and then watch some chip straw
I'm gonna finish my lunch and then we're
going to open up these Amazon parcels
together attempt to do my favourite job
the dishwasher now sometimes I do
actually really really enjoy doing the
washing up but today I've just got way
too much to do and I can tell I don't
want to do it because look at it that's
just not appealing is it sometimes I
love just washing up my hand and I don't
even what we're using the dishwasher but
of course so much to do I just want to
get this out the way and we're done a
set from a couple of bowls that can fit
in but I think it only takes a couple of
hours and then I'll put the bowls in a
put another load on I'm going to put you
up there and I'm going to get this wall
it's light I have no idea what is inside
yeah I know what that is
and another box as you think I know what
this might be another box inside an
Amazon there we go so this here is for
my office and it is it holds 80 capsules
of coffee and this here I'm not going to
open it but you can hear and you can see
all the different shapes this here is 50
capsules of coffee where's my knife guy
here we go what is that oh well no that
is a Versailles so what then is that
it's for Table Tennis bats of course
they wanted to put on one of these oh my
gosh they're heavy they're all weigh
batteries I ordered we've got 24 Triple
Aim 24 double-a batteries because you
just need batteries for things like
microphones and remotes and gaming
console remotes and headphones and like
everything like that you need batteries
on Star Island 20 for each battery for
the office and then this here these are
table tennis that's nice oh my gosh I'm
so excited they smell so fishy
I don't even know what to do now I know
what I need to do now and it's fill my
new main channel videos I should be more
wire so he's filming a main Channel
video right now upstairs I'm sorry if
you can hear me in the background of
Zoe's new video I got a little bit
excited nobody nobody right I am now at
my oh you couldn't see my back I'm now
at my mum and dad's house the mom and
dad's house a set from that room there
which is all the puppies and Sean's
stuff because obviously then the prices
are moving at the moment mum and dad's
house is always so tidy like how do they
do it like literally how what well
where's the clutter - our house is just
full of like cardboard boxes and just
random stuff like look at their kitchen
it is just always so tidy how do they do
it
I just don't understand how do they keep
it they haven't even got one dish that
they need to clean up its all bet this
is empty as well oh it's got one pan and
one cup in it
I don't know I'm showing you like
inspecting my parents house but it's
always so tidy and smells so fresh and
clean and I just don't understand how
they do it but I've come back to my
parents house to get some stuff for my
new main channel video that would've
went live yesterday for you guys and I'm
about to film it today so what I want to
do is I want to react basically I did a
video on my second channel about when I
went away on holiday with my family and
it was basically reacting to photos of
myself now these photos were ones that
were online I had already seen and
they're basically more or less all of me
being like pulling stupid faces or you
know that one when that green thing in
the park in Zoey's vlog stuff like that
and it did really really well you guys
seem to love it and it was just a funny
video so today I thought I would do a
proper video of that on my main youtube
channel sit down and do it and we went
up yesterday for you guys I'm guessing
and I hope you enjoyed it go check it
out leave a link down below
I haven't even filmed it yet and I'm
already priming at blue man deck so my
mum and dad have tons of photo albums I
don't know exactly where they are in the
house I'm f doing my mum I know there
are some up there
so basically what I'm going to do is I'm
going to do a reaction to like old
photos of myself but ones that nobody
has seen like I won't even probably know
them myself like I literally be acting
reacting to them live so far pics for
all of them unsuccessful this one is my
mum and her mum 1985
another one of my mum and her mum 1985
Crete 1990 and 1989 I wasn't born
holiday with Sarah and Chris 89 and 90
again
I wasn't born so far out of these photo
albums so far I wasn't even born in okay
we've got a little bit of an issue I
just had a look at all of them and they
are all from like my dad at Oxford and
stuff like that none of them are dude
I'm trying to put them all back don't
drop them oh my god if I drop them they
would go everywhere they are all like I
wasn't even born
I don't know where my baby ones are
there must be more boxes somewhere I've
found two massive photo albums full of
photos of me when I'm like I don't even
know like zero to like five I couldn't
find anything we'll have to do another
video if you guys want it then let me
know in the comments or like give it a
thumbs up or something like that and
I'll have to ask my parents to try and
find photo my camera ran out of memory
so I had to delete some stuff but as I
was saying so another time I'll ask them
to find photo albums of one I'm slightly
older maybe like 10 to 15 or something
like that and I can shoot another video
for you guys if you want that time for
some more frozen bananas and honey just
before a film to get some energy it is
time to film the new video so I got one
light here camera here thing is there
and the background there I'm gonna film
the new video now just thought I'd let
you know just finish film in the new
video zoey is still out with my sister
and Shawn walking the pups and now it is
time to edit the video I've already done
the day to vote for today so just the
main channel to go that was so much fun
that was actually really really good
there's so many embarrassing photos like
photos that I literally I don't even
know if I want them online but it's too
late by the time you watching this
they're already in line Charlie willing
to it down below right I need to take
this SD card I need to take this memory
card out this is a little bit out of
this camera and then it the video I
catch in a bit so you just come out now
to explore the outside because I've been
editing all day inside and filming my
main channel videos live my daily vlog
is live Zoe's main Channel videos live
we are now being Sean just coming down
to see like the pier and everything like
this because of pride it's still super
busy out because a pride was obviously
last night and yet yesterday during the
day so look all this stuff still not
working we're going to go on the pier
Zoe want some would you want sorry
Jared's go on lads go on get on it on a
Sunday night so and I've just done one
of these things what are you doing in
that one I do it my dad has a joke for
me and my sister about these meerkat
toys these things here so we're going to
try and win it one Jabba pound bag oh my
god gee you wait who's going going then
which one are you gonna go for with a
minion I want a minion dad wants one of
these which one you going to go for okay
you go and then Poppy's going to do so
bad
all right
my guy
go on going you got this
sorry your last go
gonzo you got this we've got this show
you lost all my money it wasn't even
mine
howdy Bell
this is my kind of game so you have to
throw these balls at the clowns
I've got change guys how much is it 1
pound yes okay we've got a little bit
too carried away with that one oh my
gosh these are all our tickets
we're just going to put the tickets in
this Shrek the milk
they can get cotton them all up
right you guys need to add yours in your
keeping yours okay show me later sir
of course they will George in ten give
me that
there we go
but they've had an upgrade down here
they've upgraded air they used to only
be one
now there's two right I don't know how
to film this okay is it me and poppy are
you ready all right let's do it
put the camera here
900 780 whoo
dammit we lost scale is about to die
someone just gave me ensuring these free
responses are unlimited rights for free
so we put them on and then we're going
to go on this for experience this horror
house one first and then the girls are
going to go knit off dress the girls are
coming on it - oh these guys want to be
in the video they got the whole of cruel
go off of it right yeah we'll go in the
front and then you guys get behind us
this is meant to be this this is the
scariest ride in the world you scared
guys yeah I just don't like being
trapped on a serious level guys Oh
where you know what's happening yeah
hello
are you scared
oh wow
we got a Turner are they really I don't
even want to pick our biscuit
temperature son it's okay this is crazy
love it going on a Sunday night they're
just going for practicing my vocal cords
my notes we got a body gone up in here
alright guys I am now all tucked up into
bed and the only light I've got is for
my laptop in my face so I'm going to end
the book here I need to acknowledge bed
as well because she's got 11 cuddles on
the bed of us and yeah that is about it
thank you so much for the support in the
new video I've just been in fact both
many videos cuz I've got a daily vlog
live as well today I believe choose me
lay in the bed now reading all your
comments for like the last 15-20 minutes
reading all your tweets following a load
of you guys back on Twitter DM in some
of you guys and stuff like that so thank
you so much when the support as usual
and I'll get you tomorrow if you enjoyed
the vlog please don't forget to give it
a big ol thumbs up to let me know that
you did and I'll see you tomorrow
morning good night
