hello morning guys how you doing today
dad and I have just popped out for a
sportin breakfast
it is officially pride I haven't told
you guys it's pride and biking today
which is basically a celebration for
lgbtq+ did I say that right I think I
said that right people and like
quarter-million people extra who don't
even whiten blood to brighten to
celebrate and it is just crazy so so
cool and so much fun so I'm gonna try
and get out enjoy some of that today
although I have a lot a lot of work to
do down in our judgment one meeting and
we've got another one after this lunch
and so it's a home I think this really
drill used to coming over later I'm not
really too sure also a liquid club
I completely forgot to film my breakfast
guys so I've kind of mashed it a little
bit still show you how good it looks
avocado bacon and poached eggs and dad
has gone for what is this great I love
the granola with fruit looks good looks
better than the good under that's our
basics for me sorry
I mean it looks way worse than the
canola so makes me sorry you can olace
so delicious hello mister you coming to
deliver me a parcel can I have the
partial please thank you so much thank
you there you go there you go there's a
person do you like it it's not a hat
it's a DVD it's a DVD mister it's not a
hat
come in oh thank you let's go see your
mommy all right anna has never heard of
the human centipede whoa you're young
you should be not not Chinese okay Nala
is gonna that's why Noah loves him he's
just squeaks toys yeah it's a new thing
right you've never seen it I could on
DVD in the room new one trailer No nice
isn't that oh yeah yeah
Zacky how does he do it yeah good on DVD
one third one so basically it's a
disgusted a horror movie
I'm not even Horace just shocking and a
guy you don't want to watch yet look how
close and really stand into the TV can
you see okay yeah can you see the screen
okay Melia Oh Oh be careful you're
giving it a hug that's nice oh oh oh
what are you doing
you're blocking out the haters down now
oh no no no it just popped out for some
food
we're picking it up and the others all
back at home I don't where does that go
on dinner every night from where see
only gonna have another meal or or we
take this from back
we're thinking about desserts I reckon
though like that hazelnut Brown it yeah
and ice cream going dark chocolate that
means it's healthy right
yeah no yeah that counts doesn't it it
gets me a lot of this paranormal there
no no it's not rapid basically and it's
basically like angle is now we're back
home with all the food and they'd wonder
and I place yes this is moaning at me
into left open no phone now put him down
and see what is showing what he does
what's fun because you know don't play
don't eat all of this now mister you're
gonna eat all of it
he literally looks at you like you're
his hero it's so cute
you ready collector so the secona Joey
Rollie Moniz have now left and and it is
not later on in the evening I just made
myself a little snack the time is 852 in
case you're wondering I'm just members
have a little snack earlier on I throw
some bananas and then I've just poured
some honey on them so I just literally
got a bowl full of so I've never done
this pour I did just tried it thought it
might as good mmm mmm really good
right ah cold oh my gosh so I've just
come to sit down now and I'm going to
look through all the Twitter because
yesterday I told you guys to tweet with
the hashtag the pointless gang HQ four
things about my office for me to buy and
I've seen on Twitter for my mobile some
really really cool stuff you guys are
tweeting and so it started out I'd have
a look now some of you tweeting like
ridiculous stuff like this for example a
goldfish tank that is also a coffee
table like I can't get that that is just
insane
and then there's call that lights and
photo booths and things like that you
guys are saying but a photo booth that
that can't come cheap
that is going to be so expensive
together that would be awesome now
imagine a lot of you are saying about
this meeting table that is also a swing
I'm getting tweeted
so much again I don't know how much
money this is I'm guessing it's going to
be crazy expensive so that's probably
not realistic but it is cool and I do
need a meeting table so if you have any
other suggestions for meeting tables to
meet tweet me with the hashtag a lot of
you tell me to get a ball pit I feel
like a ball pit would be awesome but it
also feel like it could be one of those
things where it's cool for a week I get
it and I spent a stupid amount of money
and then I'm like I don't actually know
what to do with it now a lot of people
are saying and this is one thing that I
am gonna go for a lot of people are
telling me to get a wall when you enter
to get a wall that is just there for
people to science if you're ever new to
the place and you've never been before
like every time somebody comes for the
first time they have to sign the wall
and they can sign it however they want
wherever they want on the ball and I
think that sounds amazing but just that
I can have to offer ever I think what I
might do is pay like a builder to put
like a massive cover the wall in like a
piece of wood or something like that so
that at the end I can take it away and
keep it or like auction it for charity
Zoe was saying or something like that
because I think that'd be really really
cool and again a lot of your tweet me
things like massive massive pieces like
this of typography which I really really
want like imagine having a sick wall
like that have a big quote honor
pardon you can't get down what taking
this as an opportunity to fill me
because I don't really want to put on
this in case this comes off the wall
okay you try and get done by yourself
and I'm here if you need me
ah there we go
need to don't by yourself
oh well get yeah for a minute now I did
think that was gonna be the end of it I
also do need to take these bins out guys
don't you re I'll be doing that tonight
listen Holly you want to do it
and so he's tidied up because as you
guys saw we had why are you out
here my tripod ha what are you gawking
at Ania are you sneezing now it is time
to end the vlog I have literally just
been sat at my computer while I get him
working and working and working and it
there's no nearly 2 o'clock in the
morning and I've got to be up super
early tomorrow to get everything done
the need to get done for the day
I'm so tired so when she can end the
vlog quickly now I hope you enjoyed
today's video if you did give it a big
old thumbs up I'm being quite because
though he is asleep next door and our
lives asleep right below me so I will
get you tomorrow good night
