good morning boys how are you go ahead
I'm feeling really energetic today
feeling wide awake and I don't know why
and the time is like 20 past 8:00 in the
morning
24 is 8 and I've got to get known about
bed actually because I'm off to the gym
9 o'clock and now that hasn't been for a
wheel yet so let's open the back door
and get my love out of bed how are you
doing you having a nice day you having a
nice time so far but you know it's not
so far because you're watching this
probably in the evening so you've had a
nice day today where we are gonna needed
the toilet today she is run outside oh
my gosh
here we go two ants on the shooter
coming in given there quickly barking at
Nala is going crazy look yeah she's
going men to around the guy oh it's
because the rubbish man had taken
rubbish out down there so she's gonna
hear them good girl today I'm switching
it up and I'm sporting blue gym clothes
normally I wear black come let's go get
some breakfast today I'm wearing blue I
quite like it I think it's nice I've
started to invest in the gym and I just
find it's a bit more comfortable if you
workout and you haven't tried my best to
the gym give it a go I prefer it right
you're gonna give not our breakfast
that's a good girl good girl
and that's done well at first and the
same as every single day I'm gonna go
for one of these obviously not getting
sponsored to see this but if you guys
haven't tried these out golden syrup
oats so simple in two minutes I don't
know how good for you it is it's just
like porridge but I love the one with
golden syrup flavour basically I'll show
you what you do it's so simple you get a
bowl one everyone's got a bowl you then
get this you empty this in
to your bowl let me quickly do that now
you're left with a bowl with stuff in it
and this and this was a little line on
it you see that line you've filled up to
the line with milk in here and then you
pour that in there
and that shows you exactly how much milk
you need clever then use whack it in the
microwave for two minutes and you're
done
I'm just eating my breakfast and what
the Fleming ow I got my Twitter one day
just out of nowhere ever released a new
song like what it what's going on what's
going on here boys
I've only listened to it like halfway
through so far I don't think not alike
except she keeps on barking whenever I
have it on that listen guys later you
just released out Noah that's cool right
I just got to finish up my cereal and my
personal trainer is just text me send
outside know that Trish a personal
trainer takes meetings outside so I will
see you after the gym so I'm back from
the gym and I'm also just a shower and
dressed in everything and Zoe is
currently signing these like the insert
wait let me show you them I'm here
somewhere
where is it let me now there we go I saw
in front of them so one of you guys
might keep your eyes peeled no it's not
actually
these guys are gonna it's book two by
the way not book one so you can't you
won't be getting at any time soon just
stay at this table now for the next
month you can train her I saw a dog
deviled egg tray on Facebook the man got
home rung his doorbell and then his dog
came up and open the door for him did I
show you I mean it's cute until your dog
runs away because it knows how to open
the door
yeah that's the only bad thing I've just
been for N and O's with my friend Holly
and a load of her friends but because
I'll move loads of her friends I didn't
want to film the meal and film
everything because they're not usually
people but it is time for me to tell you
this exciting thing magic would be tell
I'm stood in a way
location and I don't know I feel like a
big this up a lot more than maybe I
should have I tried not to pick it up
too much but you guys get excited over
anything and this genuine it is going to
make a big difference with everything
that I do it's gonna make everything so
much easier so much more time so much
more scheduled it's gonna make my life
just better in every single way because
I'm just gonna be able to just relax
more often every single day so without
further ado welcome in here let me stand
on this and show you welcome welcome
welcome to my how do we confirm to the
group to my office I've got a freaking
office for YouTube so actually come
through the door let me just will for
you let me show you so I should come
through my door here I have some
beautiful storage or shall I explain
first what I'm going at what I aim to do
so with UG I fight because I do
everything from home I find it way too
easy to just procrastinate and I need to
edit a video and then my friend will
text me so they'd really go for lunch
and I'm like of course I want to go for
lunch so then I don't end up editing the
video and then I I miss main channel
videos and some of that so I want to
take it more seriously because I need to
be more strict I need to upload gaming
videos and I need to just get better at
doing YouTube basically upload more and
more frequently on time that is what I'm
saying
so oh not mad no I found out next I did
so I've only just gone and got a freak
in the office which doesn't mean I'm
gonna have a production team doesn't
mean I didn't have an editor
it doesn't mean no enough people do
everything for me that's not the case
it's just gonna be me here okay
this is just my place me and my friends
to chill hang out film videos and plan
crazy videos and adventures so let me
show you around
I'm also on my little Segway then so
this is the door you come through and I
have two big like slidy things for
storage and I've got storage all up
there and everything so that's cool got
a little gap some fire extinguishers
don't even have to use one of them but
I'm guessing in there
a little bit there and then as you come
backwards through here this is room
number one okay
so room number one I have some doors
here so it's sections it off and
basically I'm going to get like I
haven't got any furniture in the yet as
you can see I'm going to get it out in
the Seine I want this place to be like
the Brighton YouTube hubs if your
YouTube in your come provided you want
to hang out you want to film a video you
can come and film a video here if you
want to fill my buddy here if you want
to do a photo shoot and you need a space
coming to a photo shoot in my office you
can have meetings in here you can I'm
going to get the table tonight I'll tell
you all my stuff in a minute so
basically I'm going to get a sofa here
some lamps and some nice art on the wall
and there maybe like a rug down on the
floor here I can't explain how big this
is
like or below that and then over here
I'm going to get I've got just ordered
last night a load of bean bags to go
over here I'm gonna get a massive TV on
the wall here playing like video YouTube
videos or anything like that or maybe
maybe even my pack know a TV there TV
there so that is room number one okay so
that there you come through and there's
a big meet like chilling area there then
this is room number two I've put a
suitcase in my other little segue board
thing there and a drone and a couple
little things I just bought over now
I literally my dad got the keys like dad
when did you get the heater half an hour
ago ten minutes ago so that is why I've
literally not been able to tell you guys
how we thought we were going to get this
place like two weeks ago and then the
people who own there because I'm renting
off of them were like hey can we just
paint everything white you just make
sure it's nice before you move in and we
were like okay you can go and paint
everything and make it nice if you want
so this here let me quickly come through
here that that section there is section
two this is like this is going to be the
work it or there's a little kitchen in
there this is going to be like the work
area actually I
this is gonna be more like the editing
plus play area okay so over here I'm
gonna have a table tennis table I'm
gonna have some crazy art on the walls
maybe some like massive like typography
writing all on the wall look how cold
all the light bulbs are as well I'm
gonna have it sick designs all over the
wall and table tennis table and then
over here by these windows on this side
which the windows are gonna get clean
they're a bit dirty I think they're
getting cleaned in the next couple of
days I'm gonna get like a meeting table
and I'm gonna get desks and stuff and
all that I max so I can edit I'm going
to bring I'm gonna bring everything that
I've got at home here and I'm gonna come
here most days to get all my videos film
to get all my videos edited and then
once I leave here I like finish I've
like done for the day you see what I
mean I want to try and make it more that
I can't miss and I can't I can't forget
to edit a video I can't forget to upload
a video because I won't leave here until
it's done also I'm allowed to take an
oiler here I'm allowed to bring her I
made sure so I'm gonna get some like
editing tables and like just loads of
working cool stuff and storage of all my
cameras on the walls make everything
really really neat in here and we've got
a little room dads chilling in here just
in here this is dad's office you've got
a little kitchen I'm just gonna get like
an old don't know just to get drinks
maybe get a little fridge a little
fridge down there I want to of course
get a coffee machine so we can have like
coffees and stuff and a kettle microwave
suck a microwave food yep someone to
keep nihilus food so that is the kitchen
that's a fire escape now into the last
bit like this place this office is for
like over 30 people but I was like I
want a ton of space because if like new
he comes and stays for a week I want to
be able to like fly drones in here
initially I bought a drone just for in
here a little drone there I want to be
able to like put some fake grass down
and make like
puttan course if I wanted to I want to
get table tennis table maybe like a
snooker table I just want to make it
crazy fun so we can just do some you
guys know how much I love stupid gadgets
we're gonna fill this place with them
and then this last section in this room
is interesting I don't even know what
that's some big nerdy like thing they
haven't offices to store all your data
and I don't even know I don't need that
that's only just me this last room is
called it's like this you may be
thinking what is this little partition
wall exactly what I'm thinking - no joke
it basically they put it in here when
people were working on different sides
of the room so I'm gonna build or I'm
not going to I'm gonna build with the
team I haven't even found a team so if
anyone knows of anybody that's good at
building assets I want to build like a
really cool backdrop for all my youtube
videos one in here to film main channel
videos and one in here so I have two
different locations that I can film my
main channel YouTube videos I think it's
just gonna be sick and that's why in
yesterday's video I bought the little
clip-on mic because at first as you go
down
it's very echoey in here right now the
obviously once I fill it with furniture
and put carpets like rugs in here and I
build backdrops and I've cameras and
lights and everything it will be less
much less echoey but I'm so excited
but yeah so I want to get somebody to
build helps me build like a really cool
backdrop for my one YouTube videos in
there some YouTube it isn't here and
then that way if I want to shoot like an
extremely messy challenge or I want to
just come and shoot something stupid
with Marcos and throw some food at him I
don't have to tide you on my house I
don't have to put an hour away in
another room whilst on filming I can
just come here and just film and edit
and upload all from here I haven't even
one Internet in this place yeah but I
just think this place is a beautiful
spot I've been trying to sort out
getting this office for months a month
or I say meet my dad so when you guys
like what do you tubers do what is that
we doing
in these meetings so many meetings and
signing things and I don't even know
just a ridiculous amount of meetings and
signing stuff to be able to even get
somewhere like this because they're like
this office is big enough for 30 people
and you say you want to just be by
yourself we don't understand why and I'm
like because they'll be cool and I make
youtube videos and we finally got it I
probably can't shout I don't think you
can I can't hear anyone else in this
building so yeah so I'm gonna be one set
there once that there have all that
cameras and lights all along here so
that I can just be like filming my main
clown videos here and look at all of
this just look how beautiful this office
is I just can't even describe to you how
big it is like this is one room then
that room through here is massive look
at this that's that's a massive suitcase
on the floor all of this and then have
also got the cozy section I showed you
at the beginning with sofas and stuff
this is basically just going to be like
the Brighton YouTube hub if people want
to chill and hang out and I just wanted
to make something that I could somewhere
that I could go and film great videos
for you guys and planned videos and just
have some where there isn't a home that
I can just get everything done that I
need to get done on a daily basis
because we all know that I often
not the best uploading and now from now
or I say from now it's not going to be
from right now because obviously this
place is empty but we're going to build
it together throughout these next daily
vlogs these next month or so we're going
to make this place look amazing
and I can finally have you along on this
journey and show you what I'm building
and show you what I'm making and
everything like that it's gonna be
awesome it's going to be so good that
only thing I've ordered so far it's two
bean bags to go over there and tonight I
think I'm going to order a table tennis
table and then I'm gonna order some
desks and I don't know it's just gonna
be sick this place that's gonna be so
cool and as I said earlier just because
I've been off this doesn't mean that my
videos are gonna change they're not
gonna be like edited by somebody else or
filmed by somebody else or it's not
gonna get all professional I'm not
changing I'm literally doing exactly the
same as I am right now but I'm just
making I'm just taking a step forward
for me this is a big step and just yeah
committing I've got this place for like
two or three years and it's just gonna
be sick we're gonna have so much fun
here I can tell
I just want so many more YouTube there's
when people come and visit they can come
and just chill here and hang out and
it's gonna be good it's gonna begin I
don't do you know what else to say give
the video thumbs up you're excited this
office because I can't even tell you how
excited I am
if you know anything that's a good thing
if you have anything like any ideas of
things that I should get in this office
whether that's like a certain desk or
yeah you guys can help me design it if
you only think or if you know of
anything like posters or desks or lights
or anything at all anything for my
backdrop like you know Zoe boo me those
massive PB letters in one of these two
backdrops I want to get like the big PB
letters putting in lights so it's really
really cool I also want to get a
backdrop built for so I can have my
there and then whenever I film gaming
videos I've got a really nice background
behind so I can film tons of gaming
videos so I'll come here in the morning
film a gaming video edit my daily blog
for the day and just to get everything
done that I need to get done and I can
have meetings here so that I don't have
to travel to London to have meetings and
it's just gonna be bloomin good it's
gonna be so good guys I'm so excited I
just need to learn how to drive so I can
get here easily oh my gosh but yeah okay
I'm gonna put a hashtag on the screen
here use this hashtag here to tweet me
links or face no not face but main face
but it doesn't in a good of hashtags
really tweet me links with this hashtag
of anything that you think I should get
in this office I am so excited there's
not really anything else that I can show
you I'll tell you about it so I'm just
got a frickin office and it's massive
and it's just going to be awesome for
everybody not just like me not just the
YouTube videos but just to have fun in
in these daily vlogs like there's ever
anything that you want me to do in a
daily vlog that's just like crazy and
messy and stupid I've got a place to do
that right I'm gonna stop blogging now
because I'm just rambling on and there's
nothing even else for me to say itself
and how excited I am and right I'm gonna
try and make dad have a go on this segue
yes you are
so what I do is seven five months and
then fly to Iraq you'll be like this
yeah
so just started really feeling up just
went about and there's get for doing
your toes to the back and hit list okay
so you could watch one every time one
time again each other
let's see observe his home so ready just
gone an ordered a bloomin table tennis
table haven't i I've just sat down with
Zoe and I'm just trying to think of
everything that I need for the office
that I can order now so I've just
ordered a coffee machine 50 caps yours a
capsule holder 24 double A batteries 24
triple-a batteries because you're gonna
need batteries in an office what else
were just ordered
oh of course I also ordered for table
tennis bats and 72 orange table tennis
balls and I specifically ordered orange
ones because I thought it would be easy
to see in this camera because there was
a lot of white walls in that office so
playing with white table tennis balls
won't be the best for the daily vlogs
and stuff like that so I'm now gonna
show you the table tennis table that I
bought are you ready I think it is sick
I think it is so good is for an outdoor
table tennis table even though it's
gonna be indoor I just wanted outdoor
because this one just looks so cool take
a look at this look how nice that looks
it's got a little table tennis ball
holder underneath it's so nice with a
metal net water resistant or waterproof
look at it look how nice that is some
pretty damn excited I cannot wait to be
like fully in the office I just need
somebody to come and help me build some
sets so I can actually start filming and
I need to get desks and I think I found
a meeting table that I really really
like but the only thing is this in
America so I don't know how much
shipping is gonna cost for like a
massive refurbished oak wood or
something or mahogany or something table
but it looks amazing I'm sure I'll find
something
ones like that in the UK that can send
it to me more easily but damn I'm
excited so please keep on tweeting me
with things that you think I should buy
for the office we've also just ordered a
pizza we're just not takeaway Tuesday
but we've ordered the pizza face pieces
which is like I mean they're kind of
healthy there they can't has been
healthy and I've also ordered a meat box
which is delicious I love their me boxes
just because it's just full of so many
different kinds of salami and hams and
meats and stuff like that gnarlie was
just having some sneaky cuddles with us
she's lit she been so chilled and just
so calm oh my god I'm in such a good
mood I cannot wait my office just be
done Zoe's watching Jim's new video and
I'm feasting on this look how good my
pizza looks well it's you just lying in
bed laughing at all of these tweets you
guys are sending me in Zoey and Zoey and
I are Zoey's duck faces and weird faces
throughout videos for example you do
some weird to me megabyte my boys
already did that look at my boy now in
their name I'm gonna do mouth something
tt you've gotta try not to laugh at they
can't see what didn't they gotta say oh
my god this giveaway is I know I get
here is a gift waitress mode who's
around watching my youtube videos when I
why am I not conquer when I release my
like lies lies lies lies
misery and joke look at this picture
react in the dev phases look at that oh
my gosh we'll catch my genuine
personality in their vlogs rather than
my own what the hell's happened to your
camera there we go it's gonna show weird
do you know I mean like sometimes
watching those people guys because when
you're actually talking to the camera
yourself you're more kind of poised 1
minutes almost we may Taylor Swift video
but what we say it's right I tell people
to give poppy doing that fine oh my god
that is the best face I've ever made
it's just this one of very guys it's
just that one oh yours I don't even know
what I've got enough to say well they
got left to say today
am i denim I might end this video and
edit it now tonight so that it was ready
for tomorrow exactly 5 p.m. on the dot
and you guys can find out about the
office because you guys still don't know
for me right now about the office you're
finding out tomorrow which is the day
this is going up yeah so give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed the video
that made sense yes yes yes it does and
if you sign for the office then of
course give it a thumbs up I'm super
excited and just to make it very very
very clear again it doesn't mean that
I'm gonna have a team of people filming
and making my videos that's not what's
gonna happen you'll see you'll see oh my
god that so far they I will catch you
tomorrow
