good morning guys
I am absolutely knackered I've just got
back from the gym I went to the gym at 9
o'clock this morning and I finished 11
o'clock a really really good two hours
we'd cut down all my breaks and just
like smash through it today and really
really got got a lot done the time now
is quarter to 12:00 I'm about to jump in
the shower Maddie and Zoey are
downstairs and Maddie and I are about to
go to an exciting meeting so first I
need to go and get some food so I really
really should get ready as quick as
possible because before my meeting I
really want to get in a big lunch and
there is one particular place in town
that I want to go to that I go to a lot
and it is called the flower pot and
they've just opened a new one actually
near better than what's it called nipple
library near your sushi and all of that
in town on my hotel and I want to try
and get a delicious lunch in before my
meeting but my meeting is at half past
12:00 so I've got 42 minutes to have a
shower get into town get lunch and get
to my meeting property is it gonna work
out but we'll see no to have lunch and
straight into my meeting finished up our
meeting I just want to show you guys how
cool this stare says is that isn't that
what oh it's so good Maddie's taking a
bit yeah yes oh it's a snapchat oh how
could I be wrong I thought it was a
cheeky little Instagram
just filmed a clip from them on camera
turns out he was always but while saying
you guys know that I've just been
bullied by Zoe and Maddie for going to
the gym when they don't go to gym I get
told that I should go to the gym I go to
the gym and I get bullied now got a
massive coconut look how big it is and I
just smashed a hole in it cut it with
the top it doesn't look very good and
then stab some scissors throughout but
it's really good it's so creamy try that
it's so creamy it's the consistency I
don't like oh I like it good isn't that
like it should be I do think it's much
nice out of a coconut than the packaged
ones mm-hmm you just talked about the
consistency
harder
okay
never said nothing
we've ordered so much Paige try they
just decided to throw in a random
margarita as well I just
that's mine thank you no I ordered a
pizza as well I ordered I ordered the
salad and the beets I forgot oh there's
my pizza thank you so much Wow we've got
a bit carried away oh yeah what being
shown here is wrong
we've just left now and Olivia was
telling me that she watches every single
day so now you can watch yourself I want
to come just read our slogan yeah I was
talking to be divided everyday I want to
come to Sweden so that we're about the
freedom worry about I need to come to
something we're about code though guys
and I've literally just been laying in
bed or on the bed watching tons of
YouTube videos catching up on
everybody's videos I swear so many
people daily vlog these days that I just
have so much videos to watch every
single day guys oh he keeps on farting
listen I bet you keep some Barton this
family Charlie's gonna sleep in our bed
tonight now they go too much gas in this
room I'm gonna go sleep in there oye oye
I'm don't touch me spoon hey I'm gonna
read with like bad eyes I'm the little
spoon for a reason though have you ever
seen somebody with long hair yeah it's
like a no I haven't done it
exactly it is the worst because like
sorry timeout
that's the last thing I want in my face
no I take it is then I will apply hair
so no get that out of my face I don't
make me so here's what I do if you come
into my bed girl we can cuddle for a
solid seven minutes and then you get to
your side I get to mine mine's the
closest to Alfie yeah yeah toilets
parted
No am I allowed to film this what if
that was your aha
as if I'm sorry stead but boy online I
don't think about random boy on that's
or toilet toilet guys if you if you're
not doing boy right now me I'm gonna do
twink online week I'll let you talk
would you call me twinkle I'm I'm gonna
end my vlog goodbye just staring at me
this is why right I'm gonna end the vlog
guys if you enjoyed it give it a big old
thumbs up as usual and I will catch you
tomorrow good night I got your D
flip-flop good that
