good morning guys today we are off to
air hole as I said in the yesterday's
video basically I've flown and trains
and everything like that a load of you
guys that won the golden take a
competition to come and hang out with me
today also got poppy here who's planning
some stuff we're planning some future
stuff with more like paper and books and
laptops and everything everywhere and
we're on our way now and I kind of
forgot down breakfast today which is bad
hope you also turned up this morning
wearing this outfit I was like you do
the less we go to an indoor trampolining
play spot so maybe I go back and get
some track sea-bottoms things that you
can actually bounce I'm really really
excited about today it's going to be
good it's going really really good
so just got here now everybody they've
closed off the base for us and everybody
is like a viewer one of you guys and
then everyone is bouncing everywhere
Poppy's trying to do a seat drop going
you can do it you can do it yeah good
and your turn oh look at that
put your hands down when you jump for
your hands down
now up now I run up the wall pop and
along yeah you have to run along it
bounce dodge ball okay do you mind
holding that just filming randomly thank
you so much
right so we'll fire guys she's gonna say
hello to her friends why their names can
an MS if you're watching guys
so shame convinced her within those
media's so amazing also when it's a
hello to some friends and maybe a glass
or something so an engineer
there we go you havin a good time we've
literally all ended up sitting on this
yellow there was like there's more
people sitting down and there was
bouncing that's how hot it is in here oh
my god
yeah
and some parkour going to again try and
touch both sides
Oh
so finished up all the bounce in our
guys and it is time for food right we've
eaten lunch it's time for me to go thank
you so much for coming guys thank you so
much I hope you had a good time thank
you
it's okay I've got changed by it
let's get the Carver these people just
come outside so thanks so much guys see
ya laughing goodbye papi right love you
now to get the train to London I've got
some water and just got pizza and
chicken snacks and when you get the
train some of you guys over and other
Pat people having a conversation
Hey oh no the drains god no no I can
still see your heads a little bit
is this our train or to where we went
for the next one you sure one was slower
than the other one
I was talking to you guys through there
or even a flat when we shouted hairy guy
I'm just interested in the daily belkin
right now
and is it me or is this the slowest
train and this is literally like I'm not
gonna lie
if it's in fact I could walk at this
speed this we have barely moving are you
ready for this shot guys swap a daily
vlogger ticket in the machine shop there
we go
I have no idea where I am somewhere in
London just got off the tube and I'm
heading to meeting number one on 17
minutes late already
but at least I look presentable rather
than like two hours ago I was sweating
on the trampoline and tracky shorts hi
there
Hayden out of one meeting and now
straight into the other it is quarter
past five and 15 minutes late for this
one probably knocked on first of all so
the traffic was just unbelievable and
then the day broke the daily problems
made to go live 15 minutes ago
I've edited edges on the train but I
have any plan Charles job loader all
right now is the Dornish you forget
somebody will know to forget to take it
of course I love your suit can I show mo
can I show everybody everybody go sit
there like this ha ha ha I love you same
Thank You Kenneth area for someone so at
Marcus's book thing no matter you have
to go for the green one I want you to I
want you to try one of the green ones
and there's got lots of like juices I'm
guessing now I've got some champagne is
it good Matt Jen I'm sorry Ron please
join me in a toast to political book I
hope you guys enjoy it and have a good
night and yeah thanks for coming
basically all he's gonna do a couple of
these shots
chewing gum in no come man you've got an
energy shot over there it's waiting for
you this guy you get hit you're drunk on
camera so much ginger - is it good it's
really ginger but it's not Miller well
if it's that ingredients I mean here the
foot hold your lipid ingredients what
there we go may look a little he's
loving it you've got a whole planet of
it no I need to try one how was it when
I it's good it's nice and that's better
than the chocolate one yeah Wow singing
singing tastes oh my god tiramisu boys
that look like panna cotta yeah mr.
Tyler Oakley is over here
Casper's been a pop him and all here on
a date can you see them just hanging out
back to smooch any second I don't know
what camera you on about
there isn't any cameras yeah that's my
buddy's box this launch is now over and
it is time to get oli is making us wait
why are you making us guy we got an and
oh yes
yes Marcus gone
yeah chopped is yes strike that straight
that pose
I asked Tom's just my number one fan did
we even do it Oh already out Fernando's
and we ordered way too much food as
usual I've got a salad and Wayne of
course wait for to come is that hot you
eat it super me that's not mine other
Solly's yes he's getting on the salad
yes just hot
we've also got winged roulette down here
as your top good mile my own they don't
even do my what temperature did you get
is that you is it my what or temperature
is this goodbye ladies my father
bye I'll see you tomorrow
hi guys I just got off the train
it has gone 12 o'clock at night super
late I'm super tired I've got the
world's heaviest bag with me but I've
had the best day ever
I didn't feel too much of each activity
I did because I was just trying to enjoy
the moment as well as filming like for
example the viewers today with you guys
the competition winners I was review for
to over two hours two hours but I didn't
really film too much because obviously
being on camera as I say quite a lot in
these videos that it's not for everybody
so although everybody there watch my
videos doesn't necessarily mean that
they wanted to be in my videos so I
didn't really want to be too intrusive
with the filming and just stick my
camera people's faces but I did film
some wide shots as you taught to try and
make sure that everybody was in them
just just to see themselves in one of
these videos but I didn't really want to
go out and be like hey this is my camera
in your face so I didn't really film too
much but I had a lovely evening and
massive congratulations to Marcus and a
hello life it's so exciting I've just
been flicking through one of the copies
one of the copies the copy that I got on
the train just now and it's actually
really really I don't know I said
actually as if it wasn't good it was
really really good like I really really
liked it and the feel of the book I love
the material whatever it's printed in
it's very soft very thick book as well
so you get a lot for your money I don't
even know how much money is you get a
lot of book for your book and yeah it's
really really cool it's cool to use body
transformations well crazy crazy crazy
but anyways I am now going to jump in a
taxi and head back I hope that Zoe my
aim and I hope Zoe is why he is poking
out the Zoe is tucked up in bed that's
still awake and Nala is also in bed with
her I'm really really excited to get
home and give them birth at all so I'm
just hoping those taxis as well
