good morning guys it is Monday morning
and a nice fresh week and the time for
me is currently 34 minutes past 8:00
I have got my person Trent pick me up at
9:00 although I believe is already
outside so you said I'm a bit early in
fact here's 45 minutes early if you get
ready anytime sooner no rush but you can
come out with McKinley Valley so I'm
going to get ready looks quick as I can
my cereal
oh no no see I'm not having cereal I'm
having porridge and it is done in 31
seconds and now you have just got out of
bed a little baby and she's about to
have breakfast as well right-hander Bob
who measure this up no good girl yeah
you enjoy that okay shut up I know
you're done and pay also because I
snapped my last hair back the other day
without the night which I am still upset
about I've got to wear a beanie job to
keep my hair in place because it is
really is really quite long now I can
come down to my nose or my lip now and
my fringe so thank you I just I feel
like I've got a spare one somewhere but
I just don't know where it is so I'm
back from the gym and I had a shower and
then I into the daily blog and then I
did a load of work stuff like a crazy
amount of emails and phone calls and now
I've got to go and get some what are you
doing I guess some things signed in a
minute but I thought I'd give myself a
little break have you had lunch
I say Ledo Zoe always laughed at me
laughed
laughs have your lunch I haven't had
lunch yet
well grandma I'm out so you've come for
a little walk in a park a little walk
not a little a little and with poppy
grandma or mum I there's mum I
as well finished up lunch and right you
know it wasn't lunch it's more like
fruit and yogurt and trying to find some
place that I've never been to before my
grandma made like I'm not even making
sense one minute let me try to find this
place and then I'll let you know I can
find this Speak Now guys everything is
done that I needed to get done I have to
go to like some thing to watch some
person sign me something I don't even
know all work-related stuff and we have
had we know we have we have no lunch
we're ruining your grandma's got
momentum free and yoga for us and a cup
of tea and mums still grandmas and
popping up into town because well you
need to get some stuff done and get some
lunch just popped into your sushi
because it is Lulu's Monday which
basically all the images on here and all
the ones going around to all the loot
Wow any drink
and there are only two pounds 78 which
is a lot cheaper than usual the plates
are stacking in pop these apnea they're
sushi
although papi you're vegetarian so no
spicy chicken for you look I know you're
pescetarian look up perfect that
shapeless guys I'm literally addicted to
sushi
got lunch now the hunt is on guys we're
going to boots to get the one-and-only
hair bands that I can wear oh my gosh
I literally hope so much that I'm in
stock Oh what's this one that was a
pound more is it the same let me see the
front oh I'm gonna get all three yeah my
big head breaks the oh they got some
blonde ones actually I am so happy back
from town now guys and well that sure
got that quite a while ago and I just
sorted out my new daily vlog I bet sure
the oh my nipple result and I know I've
gotten into bed so hey what's the time
it's not even late I'm just so tired
what's the time where's my phone Oh ten
minutes past nine and Nala is watching
videos of herself when she was a tiny
little puppy no no reacting to Nala
all right guys it is time to go to sleep
but I'm ending my vlog in the bathroom
because oh he is currently asleep in
there I've just put on her bed she was
being it's so like I was this close to
having a sleep in bed tonight because
she's been so cute it is now 1:00 in the
morning
I just ordered a new microphone to fill
main channel videos where this I
couldn't clip on one but it looks super
super good and so thank you one of us
tweeted me and I'll see you guys for
some advice yeah tomorrow I'm just been
so exciting I'm basically germinated the
golden ticket competition so I finally
tired I am like super drained and naked
but you know what I did the golden
ticket competition on my for my second
book on this channel and twelve of you
guys won in the end so what I've done is
I've flown you from wherever you're from
or paid for trains and flights and cars
and taxis and whatever it is whatever it
costs are paid for you guys to travel to
come and hang out with me tomorrow so
we've got a super fun activity planned
I'm not going to tell you or save it for
the video tomorrow during the day and
then we'll also go for lunch as well
which will be called so I'm really
really excited to meet all of you guys
tomorrow
and say thank you for the support and
everything and then I've got a super
super busy day like it's insane how
tight my schedule is tomorrow I've got
to go all over the place like literally
from Brighton to Guildford to London to
the other side of London to the other
side of London again and then back to
Brighton
it is insane so tomorrow's vlog is going
to be good it's going to be fun packed
full of fun bomb right I'll see you
tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it cool
