good morning guys today I have got the
tightest smallest hat on in the world
just to vlog this clip because my hair
is a mess and I snapped my headband last
night as you saw at the end of the
yesterday's video so I don't even look
at this what is going on I've got some
breakfast in here you can't really see
it because I always put so much almond
milk that you can't see my granola but
I've got some granola in there and then
a load of strawberries on the top and
I'm just catching up when everybody's la
videos which I love doing every morning
because everyone uploads them at all
different times so they all just hit the
sub box by the time I wake up and then I
can watch them all I've also got to go
to town in 35 minutes I've got to go to
get something for my new video that is
going up today for me tomorrow yesterday
for you yesterday for you and I've got
I'm not going to over explain that you
guys probably have seen it by now and if
you haven't I leave a link down below
but I'm gonna go and buy one more part
for it just because I've already got a
part for it to help out but I think I
could get a better one so I'm going to
niche town but it opens at 11 so I've
got half an hour left to go and then
Paul page one coming over and we're
gonna film it
what you thinking you see it soon oh are
you just sitting on the floor
Wow look at it Sparkle yeah that looks
sick
isn't it I feel like it's gonna stain my
skin though yeah is you might feel like
to use the little showerhead thing
afterwards wash yourself down what's
wrong you three is this all wrong with
it
you sound like you described is that
better this bit I don't want to drop my
camera in that bit looks so cool that's
so sick but which one again coming over
now in a taxi I know not come here
they're gonna catch down with me for now
to get a new jumper
hello-oh isn't cupcakes or something I
don't have on the end of that part of
town but okay I'm just going up to check
let's go ahead I'll see what I can get
you look how many product Zoey has right
in the front guys that is insane that
entire thing and then over there down
there there's tons more so just go to
town with me and Sean I'll sign it to
boots and get this thing oh my gosh the
weather is not the nicest mom just
dropped us in so thanks mom for dropping
us in there's a lot easier please tell
me boots is open it doesn't look open
here we go our usual Oh nothing of
course they've actually got what I need
we're good we've also saris but
Christmas music on poppy and Shona hair
ready to film and I bought this one
which was a cheaper one and this one
which was a more expensive one I didn't
know which one would do a better job
price doesn't often mean that it's
better but I asked the woman to see that
if I could return whichever one I don't
use and I 100 percent can so I'm gonna
try out the cheap one first and then I'm
gonna try and if it's good then I just
return the more expensive one if it's
bad then I return like the other one so
it's all good knowledge super excited
the other guys are nervous about playing
this look at this oh man this one looks
so good so we're just setting up now
we're planning wet yeah oh oh
the batteries oh great the game for you
in begun I got one of their tens machine
things working guys and then I've got
operation got my batteries don't worry I
haven't played this game since literally
we were a kid
look how chill no lesbian
having a full-body massage she's the
love in her life ah I've got all the
setup done the team is down there papi
is so excited she is so excited for this
I accidentally bought the easier to do
version so normally like it's in the
shape of the little things I didn't
realize the one that I got is like
easier to play but it won't be easy
because the TENS machine so then why
okay we're gonna start filming right
ladies and gentlemen both my new videos
my daily vlog and my main channel video
have gone live I've just spent the last
probably three hours editing both of
them and putting them live and I'm
really really happy with them so I'll
leave links down below to both of them
go just oh my god we've got both
reactions you doing it on me filming on
my camera well we are now off to a store
Sainsbury's or somewhere to get some
food for me and we're taking some food
from here basically to explain it in a
better way we're going over to my
parents because probably Shaun here now
every single day they live back in vitam
which is mad how crazy is that they
literally just don't go back to London
anymore so we're gonna they're having
salmon for dinner over there but it's
already cooking it in the oven at the
moment so Zoe is taking over a pie and
some match to have for dinner I don't
really have it too much that I wanna
take over because I kind of want some
chicken and not we don't have any
chicken basically no I want some chicken
dinner so we're gonna although it's a
Sunday and it's ten minutes past 7:00 in
the evening
so hopefully the shops will be open
probably go to the 24/7 hours - pickups
I've got door keys
pick up some chicken and then we're
gonna head over to mum and dads and
chill and watch a film should we take a
DVD we probably
better DVDs that mom and dad although me
picking a DVD takes like 400 years
because I'm the most indecisive person
in the world so maybe we could just pick
one from virgin online or whatever that
things that the virgin TV movie
selection also gonna take nyla which
will be interesting because we're just
still trying our best right let me pop
you up here just to put my shoes on
we're still trying our best to make Noah
and Buzz as calm as possible when
they're together because they're still
there still get very very excited and
competitive because they're parents
because they're brother and sister is he
worse so neither of them back down but
yesterday last night with a grand Puba
like she was excited but she wasn't like
I don't know it she bites buzz his face
and stuff and he bites hers and they
never squeal like it's not like they
hurt each other it's just constant like
put like rock play I suppose but um last
night with Edgar and puga she wasn't
doing that well she's away
she was just licking bougas face loads
she just wanted them to play Edgar
doesn't care about other dogs he's like
literally couldn't care less
yeah Edgar is like just like I'm after
an old man he's just like walk him out
doesn't really care about dogs he just
wants us to stroke him and then puga
bless her is like nearly 10 years old
and only has one eye and can't move like
she can run around and stuff but not
very much and she has tied then she
can't run around but she can't like jump
up and down off like so furs and stuff
like that which is what Noah wants to do
not know they're like knowledge you know
in the dogs do where they like lean down
and then I play with me and then they
glad that with their paws on the floor
and she was doing that the whole time
but yeah she was played with Hoover a
lot and they were like licking each
other's faces and stuff but anyways were
you gonna go why am i doing some squats
I don't know we're gonna go now too
how's that go get some food Meredith has
been missing for about six days now just
found on the front door six legs
my name's Meredith get away oh you know
oh my god Meredith's got a boyfriend
he's got eight legs
get away they're gonna get me my they
are we've stopped off at Sainsbury's to
get the food that we need it
meenalla just chilling in the car
although she is very confused as to why
Zoe has got out and we haven't all got
out because obviously normally if we
drive some of that to mom and dad's or
to the vets or something like that then
we park or forget for a walk and then we
all get out together but the fact that
me him me and now though just stay in
here she's oh but the hell is going on
she's just looking around for Zoe
constantly it's okay 15 minutes later
and Zoe is coming out she's filming
covered in she is literally bought like
half the shop she had five ingredients
to get what if you got so I just go to
vlog and Zoe tried to copy me again I
camera I didn't do all I've got yours
any got kids all right be sure I see no
come in oh so mom and dad's this is the
goods but today's meal look at that is
that whole salmon mum yeah that's what I
mean but is it a whole salmon flipped in
half yeah
and I got much again much again look at
this guy's
so he's just bought it oh it's my
youtube buzz and Nala
to gain fuzzy so excited birthday
candles I forgot
cuz I want to get the most boy change my
thumb now yeah
prickly duty yeah I'm actually so
excited to eat some cake that is dads go
guys I'm gonna put on ten at first this
is it that's at ten
can you carry on there 2040 alright guys
I am going to sleep oh my gosh it is so
late what is the time I'm lighting
myself up with my light on my phone so
let me quickly check the time it is 20
plus 1 in the morning and I've got my
personal trainer at 9 o'clock in the
morning so I'm gonna catch some sleep I
hope you enjoyed today's video if you
did give it a big ol thumbs up I hope
you enjoyed the two new videos that I
put up today which was yesterday's a
vlog and also the main Channel video Zoe
put me in Sean and I spread it I need a
good sleep so in the end this quickly
and good sleep
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
