good morning guys
so zoe has just woken me up it is
extremely late let me check the time on
her phone time is seven minutes to 10
I've got this little one oh hello
waking me up in bed look at my breakfast
in bed how delicious does that look so
it's the bestest if you're wondering why
I woke up so late today and I found it
so hard to get up that is because I
stayed up until past two o'clock last
night filming and editing upload in so
it can go live today which is yesterday
for you a new gaming video and then I
also decided it would be a good idea
once it was already one o'clock in the
morning to edit my daily vlog so that I
don't have to do it today so I can
concentrate on my main youtube channel
today which it was a good idea and the
grand scheme of things but I was so
tired like oh my gosh all dressed and
everything and Zoe and I are about to
film some new videos the lighting will
set up look how complicated it is today
this is the reality Israel if you've
ever ever wondered what we wear in
videos through we're like nice normal
clothes on the top tracky bottoms on the
bottom because you can't see what what
wearing on the bottom and though he has
also got let normal pajamas what my
vlogging camera know that margins really
good yeah we're gonna film a couple of
videos do each other more videos were
filming no you have to wait and see
okay you have to wait and see so Zoe and
I've just finished up filming two new
videos together one for her channel
which is going up the same day as this
and then another one for my channel
which I don't know what he'll be going
up maybe not a couple of weeks time I
just wanted to shoot something because
we had a fun idea we've wanted to do a
video this certain video for quite a
while so we thought we'd just film it in
advance so that it's ready if I ever get
busy then I've got something to talk
about for you guys and then she's just
shot enough video now by herself be
finished
okay I was gonna say come and watch this
when you're done and try not to laugh I
don't know how to film the video to film
yay
I do they're both
first let me pour show but anyways let
me close that we need to go we're going
out to go and meet my sister at my mom
and my dad and Shaun mum mum mum
today how exciting is that
yeah we've got for them yeah that
wouldn't even fit over half my head I
like all of this stuff down here I love
her I'm so like what do you not like all
of this look how thin they are I want to
get some cooling boughs oh my god
they're expensive
thirty-eight pounds it's not even big 38
pounds these are called look at that
poppy am i doing a little coffee in that
sorry
you can probably bath in this literally
that's a bath for you boffin Allah
I just sail across serious though we
could just wash your guinea pigs in that
another right poppy really big smell
really big whiff it's really really
really strong so the strongest soap in
the world they know from having lunch
which I forgot to film completely forgot
I'm so sorry
and but I did have either salmon salad
what did you have three cheese and
tomato toasty and I'm riding on my
little my Segway my thang but now I need
to do the dishwasher in 49 minutes we
have to be at Felix and Marcia's you
guys know there Marzia and PewDiePie
we're going to go and get a takeaway
tonight and we're going to take Nala
because it is strange how we does it two
things are eat knowledge never ever met
pooja and Edgar that's so crazy like
they've met nyla before
well not the dogs honestly but and much
um Felix have met Nala before but the
dogs haven't met each other so tonight
we're gonna have a dog let me turn this
off okay we're gonna have a dog meet up
and Honda's gonna have other pug friends
other than her brother that would be
nice and then we're also gonna get a
takeaway and then we're gonna watch are
we watching a horror movie every time we
go we always
a horror movie or whenever they come
here Marcia is obsessed with horror
movies I'm sure you guys know that but I
need to yeah that we go over a lot one
time we went open we had to Nando's
there and unlike an LP like a record
player
she was playing like horror soundtracks
she's obsessed
in fact she's gone yeah tonkin what's
the horror film but they've got and put
you guys down and chat she's got a
horror book I think I don't think it's
out in the UK yet and she's written a
novel husband che yeah a horror novel
which is course I really really want to
read it I think at the moment it's only
out in Italian I'm not too sure but I'm
gonna check that out when it's when it's
ready what have we got to do before we
go empty the dishwasher check that my
videos went live okay because I just had
two new videos go up tonight and have
anything else you want to do make NOLA
as calm as possible because knowing now
that she's gonna go crazy once she sees
them she's gonna be so excited as seeing
two pugs she's gonna go mad or the anger
is super hyper know that come here even
it will come tonight are you gonna be
calm you can hear calm little pony look
at that looks like she's got a cigar
smoking puppy you spoken oh but yes just
a treating them up anyways
alright I'm gonna go check my videos
that we live okay and that they're done
and then yeah and then I need to get
changed because of that really roll away
tracksuit bottoms I just from my like
cozy gloves all day I've just got some
tracksuit bottoms on and I should
probably get change of Constantine's or
something all the way to meeting
supplies we've stopped on the way a part
of the car we're just taking on a little
walk because she is gonna get so excited
when she sees the other puppies sewages
China
yes she's walking quite well she wasn't
when she got at the car when she saw the
beach she was not
join herself though she's trying to
chase every seagull she doesn't quite
realize we've just got back from Felix
and Marcia's had such a lovely evening
and we kind of I care about two died but
we are back what was I saying yeah we
had such a lovely evening and I just got
home now I didn't film anything because
we were literally just hanging out and
having so much fun we've watched what
film did we watch the room the room it
is basically like the so bad like so so
shockingly bad that it's good like one
of the main characters also the director
and the producer which is just funny
enough and he is so funny and he filmed
like something like 80% of the scenes he
didn't like the audio of how he spoke so
he really shot them so you like redubbed
it over so the mouth is like not even in
sync with the voice it's so funny you
need to go check it out so in the room
but just going to bed now and I've got
some really really bad news my headband
snapped he got stuck under my laptop and
I went to lift it up and snap my
hairband and these things are like
impossible to find new ones
boots of the ownest place that sour them
and they're like only two pounds each
but they snap all the time it's so
annoying
so I think I think I'm hairband less for
until until I get in till I got boot
particular I'm planning to do tomorrow
morning
I was planning to go to boots tomorrow
morning so hopefully they're gonna have
some wine stock got some really really
exciting news also sure sorry that this
vlog is gonna be a bit shorter than
normal because I didn't film this
evening I just wanted to hang out with
them because it worked out that we
hadn't seen something wrong with the TV
and we hadn't seen Felix Marzia for
since was it just genuine or December
since December since December we haven't
seen them so we were just catching up
and hanging out and stuff like that but
I've just got some super super exciting
news which I'm just going to tell you
before get sleep sorry what's the date
on here what's that you should know what
is that you're bad girlfriend do you
really not know okay to mine it's my
future birthday thank you today it's
amazing
six blooming years I'm only 21 years old
so that's like mmm like nearly a third
of my life that is crazy
six years doing this little thing here
that I'm doing now six someone's just
tweeted me then Brown about my six years
exciting really really exciting but I'm
gonna cut this vlog short whilst you're
watching this there is going to be a new
main Channel video going live tonight
probably around the same time as this
maybe a little bit later I'll leave a
link down below it I'm filming it
tomorrow morning and Simon actually
filmed it yeah although I did film new
videos Rizzoli today but they're giving
up another time I'm gonna try and get a
little bit ahead of my videos so I want
to try and be like under three weeks or
a month ahead or my main channel videos
because I want to stop occasionally
missing videos out that's not okay and
that's going to change and this thing is
going to help it and
anyways so yeah whilst you're watching
this check the link down below there
might be a new video if there is it is
going to be super super good at home
field yet but is actually I can't tell
you what I won't tell you what it is but
I'll tell you papi Sean and Zoey all in
the video and yeah that is about it
thank you so much for watching today I
don't even know what I filmed but I hope
you enjoy that we literally spent the
majority of the day filming new videos
and then I spend it with my family I
will catch you tomorrow with a new video
thank you so much watching I will see
you then get the video thumbs up if you
enjoyed it good night
