good morning guys I just got back from
the gym as you move me tell me where my
new vest one of my new gym best have got
new shorts on you can't really see them
sitting sitting at a table and I'm super
hungry so I'm just eating a lot of
chicken although it is not fresh chicken
it's just like cooked in the oven which
I know isn't the best for me I know but
I'm just so hungry right now instantly
in these only took 15 minutes to cook
and my camera battery died so we are
back
don't twenty guys have got a spare
battery or this is the the death one the
time is currently 10 minutes to 1:00 in
the afternoon this morning I had a
protein shake for breakfast and a banana
and then I had a really really good gym
session actually it did chest and what
else did I do chest and ah I want to say
I think so and now today I I haven't
really got anything to do up until 7
p.m. Zoe and I go for dinner with two
friends but I've got or I said have
anything to do I've got so much to do
but all just things like alright let me
put you guys up here I might just
putting you up
get out the way so that I can just in
get out the way also note my hair is
getting like a bit longer now I'm gonna
have happen
I took it out because sometimes he gives
me a headache because it's so tight yeah
I've got so many videos got my daily
vlog to edit I've got today this video
to film I have got I've got the
Minecraft pack slashing box opening
video to film and then Eddie I might
even upload that tonight actually if I
can film anything I know that's not
that'd be great and I also have got my
mum coming over we're gonna go to the
tip and take all the fog the dip bad it
is raining so much outside we were gonna
do it earlier this morning but it is
just chucking it down so it just wasn't
really worth there but now I just want
to want to sit down and want to watch
you probably YouTube videos I want to
catch up on my youtube let me know in
the comments actually and don't just say
me don't just say like it doesn't have
to my circle of YouTube friends at all
just comment down below whose videos
you're really enjoying at the moment
because I love what you a lot of
different YouTube
yeah do that and I'm just gonna watch a
couple of videos and then edit my native
knob so I'll catch you in a bit so I'm
just showing Zoey a video on youtube of
guinea pigs swimming in a swimming pool
like legit just swimming around they
kind of look like a rat in a in like a
lake or something and we're gonna try it
so we've just run a bath I'm not sure
picking the best way to get my bath aha
look I'm not sure if gonna swim let go
oh yes yes boy she's just on the floor
like hey guys what's going on do it you
can come down come here
good boy it's just having a little sleep
now getting wrapped up and getting a
warm thing he doesn't know what today
come this way
yay we're now at the tip I love saying
how far I can throw the bags you ready
Joe I was being quiet - I'm not - wake
up and then the guinea pigs just went
I'm gonna run around and wake her up
that she is being so bloomin cute and
I've just finished up at the tip as she
sought I didn't really feel much because
there's taking rubbish to the tip that's
not the most fun thing to film ever and
now I'm editing the new daily vlog just
been speeding to the camera for like
five minutes thinking it's filming turns
out it wasn't just got dressed and
changed and everything just went some
nice simple clothes and no no what's
this this and Zoey no going at all
somebody's ringing I know it's a text
thought somebody's ringing me sorry I'm
like fishing at the same time as
vlogging Zoey and I going out for dinner
tonight with some friends or actually
it's a friend so do you know the guy
that cuts our hair his name is Phil so
him and his girlfriend coming up a
dinner of Zoey night tonight we've been
saying that we're gonna meet up us for
for like probably six months now maybe
probably even a year but we've just
never really got around to it we did
plan one dinner
is it dinner date a double couple dinner
date previously but then Zoey and I had
some last-minute work or some day that
we had to do so we had to cancel a like
a couple of days before but now finally
we found a date that we can all for do
and we're gonna
no no we've got it that we're all gonna
go for dinner together which is gonna
really really nice so we're gonna go to
Jaime's tonight for dinner our usual
I love Jimmy's restaurant it's just I
think it's the ultimate sharing plank
that just does it for me it is so so
good but yes we're gonna go for there
for dinner tonight
with those people now I've never met
Maddie his girlfriend before so it'll be
really nice but it doesn't mean that
we're gonna have to leave this little
one for a couple of hours so I'm gonna
play with her a lot now I think we've
got like or my watch doesn't even got
the right time my watch says it's hot
34 minutes past 1:00 in the afternoon
that is definitely not the time it's
more about 10 minutes past 6:00
and we have to meet there at 7:00 so I
think we've got like 20 minutes or
something so I'm gonna try and tie you
this one out as much as I possibly can
and playing with her so that she's she
can just have a nap watch we're out for
dinner
give me the ball baby give me that ball
baby give me that thing okay you don't
give me that one is there any more in
here whoo what is this I've got it go
bitch come bring it back bring it back
give it to me Oh gig yeah baby
huh look at you squeaking there why is
it that people when this me to that
animal maybe it's not even people maybe
it's just me whenever I speak to animals
and especially not obviously oh good I
always speak like Marvin good girl Nala
I don't know is that is there some
reason subliminally in my head that I do
that do you guys do that too
do you also speak to your dogs or cats
or whatever thank you very much for your
pour it is lovely to meet you thank you
we are ready to go
no that is not good and it's just had
the world's biggest drink sorry what
you're wearing
oh wait we haven't really got enough
time for this that's what's very tiring
yeah
lovely the way there is guys it is just
absolutely beautiful
this is the first time I think I've I
don't know if I've ever used and I have
used an umbrella before in New York No
Dargis xu8 do we have an umbrella I
genuinely don't use umbrellas but
remember there's a photo of me in New
York coding and I heart New York up
rather yeah this is the first time since
I can remember that we've used an
umbrella
scan for picture guys we've just
finished up dinner I didn't film it
because they're not you to be people and
we were just not filming I meet new
people yeah no feels like this lift
takes so long for these doors to open it
was really really nice just to relax and
not just about yeah very very anxious
day and had to pop outside for a bit get
some fresh air that there was lots of
you guys in there and lots of you yeah
guys I think it's like I understand
where they're coming from because you're
shy to come up and say hello but if you
if you see us around I'm telling you now
I would much rather you just come up and
ask for a picture and so hello how are
you doing because all that happens like
just now in Jamie's was people just
taking pictures with flash on selfies
like with us across the room constant
photos and stuff like that and like
parents taking we've lost the car we
didn't go down we were on ground we need
to go up we never went down no we never
went down we were on the on the same
level promise you
let's just walk up here and yeah see you
guys have constant taking pictures which
puts us on edge of it because I'm like I
can't eat my food and things because I'm
just constantly in photos and I know
it's just maybe because you're bitch you
should come to sell labor I would know I
forget but I would much rather you just
come straight up and if you do do say
hello do you speak because some of you
like not even some of you the vast
majority there's the car and yesterday
as well when I was in town people have
this thing where it's just like it feels
like we're just like a collectible but
they just want the image and that has it
they don't care about us at all honestly
feels like they don't like people just
come up and they're like can I have a
picture take their self in and walk away
no you didn't even say hello you didn't
even ask how I was like that's what I'm
saying in this video I do want to I want
to chat I wanna stop and say hello I
don't want to just have a picture and
then you go like I want to stop and chat
to you guys for a bit you see me I
always will I will always stop always
see how you're doing what you've been up
to but often very very negative and I
know some people are shy so I'm not
saying about people that shy when I meet
people I love the interaction I love
like a hug saying hello but they might
not realize how much time you like if
you see me just come up and say how you
do it you don't need to linger around a
bit okay then also because you know it
makes me as an anxious person like I
will never go into town by myself
because
I get very like not cautious but when I
know there's someone looking or
whispering with their friends like
behind me or following me around a shop
if that happens a lot
it might not because I'm scared of you
because I'm not scared of you but it's
just that kind of following mentality
and I don't and I would much rather you
just came strapped it's big it's the
kind of following around and kind of
folk-like sneekly take photos that puts
me on edge and I get really like oh my
god like I don't know anything because I
think everyone I think everyone I don't
get anxious at all but just now yeah
I've got the ticket but just now in
Jamie's I had to go up to a table in
fact I'll it chair to go up to the table
if you'll excuse me guys I'm really
sorry I know obviously you watch our
videos but it'd be really nice if you
did stop taking pictures because you
really take it the last like half now
your mum's been taking pictures of us
your dad your mum has been holding up
pictures of Zoey's face across the table
to you you've been pretending to take
pictures of your parents to taking
selfies of yourself so I did have to go
up and be like guys I'm really sorry I
will have a picture of you and of course
Zoey will as well but it would be great
if the whole time were eating it's a
whole time eating you weren't just
taking pictures of us eating that would
be great
so I'm not moaning this isn't something
negative don't go mad in the college gun
oh my god that was so rude out for you
all I'm asking
yeah of course I'm always super polite
if you see us in the street
just wait not don't know yeah we're
normal people and if you want a picture
say hello and come and chat you don't
need to just take sneaky pictures and
follow us around and then but I
understand why some of them might feel
like like I said outfit was so nice
because in the restaurant I had to go
outside for a bit because I was getting
really overwhelmed and a bit
I just felt quite panicky and I didn't
want it to ruin my night so I thought
I'm gonna just go outside and you'll
have a breather and then I'll go back in
and whilst I was outside there was a
really lovely girl who was did you see
that she was standing near me but I
think she knew I was having a bit of a
moment were you outside in the rain by
yourself without your jacket is just
like a vest dog probably gave it away no
but I just love how she just smiled and
waved and it was just that was so lovely
because I was like one of the main
things is when I feel anxious is I
worried that someone will see me and ask
for a photo and want to have a
conversation and if I'm not in that
mindset I'm worried they walk away with
a bad representation of me so whenever I
feel like that it does it does make me a
bit worse thinking right I'm outside and
kind of calmed down but if someone sees
me now they might think I'm really rude
yeah and it was so nice that she I think
she acknowledged that I wasn't okay and
she just kind of went free and just
carried on walking and that made me feel
so much better and it makes me feel a
bit emotional talking about it like it's
so not know I accidentally turned my
camera off guys I tried to film the dog
in this man over here it especially a
dog sitting in the passenger seat but I
don't if I'm gonna have to get it in
shot
can you see that and then if they can
there is all blame over coming up some
red lights there was a dog driving this
car in America it would look like the
dog was driving because it's on that
side anyways we had a lovely evening and
yeah we just want to meet you guys and
chat to you and have a hug and have a
picture and stuff like that and not just
oh you can have a picture okay bye that
is that we're now heading home
yeah it's 20 plus 9 so knowledge
properly gonna won the cuddle all right
guys it is like first 1200 past 12 in
the morning
I've just finished filming and then
straightaway editing and now it is just
going up it's not live it's gonna go
live the same time as this I think half
an hour before this video goes live so
if you're watching this then the new
gaming video is live so go check it out
or try and leave a link down below but
if you don't go and put in this blog
games I've got my little sleepy one
sleep down here with me and I'm guessing
Zoey's asleep upstairs because it's so
late
oh I'm gonna go to sleep now guys so
thank you so much for watching today's
video I hope you enjoy that
I am super super excited I might try and
edit this day you vlog now and just stay
up until like 2:00 in the morning or
something and get it done because it'd
be really really good to have as much
free time as possible because papi and
Sean are both moving back to Brighton
tomorrow actually watching this they're
both me about to go tweet them saying
congratulations and I want to try to
film my new main channel video I want to
try get poppy and Sean involved because
as you know it's gonna be like the
painful kind of funny game idea and I
don't want to tell you too much about it
because hopefully I can play it with
them and it'll be really really good
video for Sunday because I miss last
Sunday I know so I'm trying to make sure
that this on this video is a really
really really good idea that its
original nobody's done before but yeah
so I'm
down here because I'm gonna edit this
vlog right now and then I'm gonna go to
bed so thank you for watching today if
you enjoyed it please give it a big ol
thumbs up click thumbs up but actually
let's see how an amigo you tube combo /
- blog blogs kids toy shopping so
yesterday's video
it currently has then that ad earn that
I don't don't own
fourteen thousand eight hundred and
seventy four likes so let's see if we
can get this vlog more likes than that
by the evening okay so your task is by
half past 12:00 at night we have to get
more than 14-thousand the engine center
for likes that is your challenge
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow guys
cool no
