good morning guys good morning how you
doing y'all know put you down there hope
you're having a lovely day
in the next five minutes we finally got
like some great news we've finally got
potential cleaners who are going to come
wrinkly and come and clean the house
every single week with what they're
coming over to have a look around and
see if it's a job that they think they
can do honestly sound sounds ridiculous
but I've spread around a blog the other
day that this house is much bigger and
now obviously having two separate
offices as well this place is so much
bigger than our previous house for me
and Zoey to keep up just cleaning it and
let alone even tidy and just cleaning it
it's currently taking so much of our
time up like honestly some super excited
hopefully these people today come around
the house and they're like of course of
course this is something we can do we'd
love to do it I'm currently just
chopping up some bags to get some logs
out to the log banners we've got loads
of logs delivered
I can officially say that starting
Monday this Monday coming we're gonna
have a clean house we're gonna have a
clean house currently heading over to
the office to run us through all the
last-minute bits today before hello
world to actually half of the crew have
gone up to hello world today and then me
and Zoe and probably and Shaun and stuff
for heading up tomorrow I cannot believe
that hello world is this weekend what
you're doing today has been a super
successful day I know I keep on saying
this at the moment but some like really
really exciting that is their big plan
Zoe big plans new company stuff
happening I'll be able to tell you soon
all about it but right now we're gonna
go out and get some naughty lunch am i
coming yeah oh my gosh by the time this
blog is out the new season season to a
stranger things is out 8 a.m. tomorrow
morning for us and we leave the hello
world have you gotten water perfect
tomorrow morning we leaf a hello world
at 10 o'clock and 8 a.m. the season 2 of
strange thing comes out so we might get
time to watch one possibly two episodes
before we leave have you oh no look at
the pumpkins come they oh look at that
one big nose well not on the gym
equipment but the gym is is getting this
getting done or the floors being leveled
out is there none working on it now all
the floors being leveled out today
getting ready for the gym floor which as
you know now isn't arriving because that
company stole all my money if you don't
know what I'm talking about
go check out I vlog from a couple of
days ago all the floors being done you
ready
can I get a plain cheeseburger more the
lyrics to their main bet season on my
knee nine chicken nuggets oh there's one
of the chicken is a Big Mac I never ever
eat anything all that Donald's other
than chips and chicken but I found a bit
crazy today so instead of 20 chicken
nuggets or went for nine and a big map
are you ready for the longest time lapse
in the world
this kitchen is an absolute mess if you
can see over there with the washing up
and stuff well off to hello world
tomorrow and we want to when we come
back we want the house to be all fresh
and clean and tidy this Zoey sat in the
front room I need to do everything quick
but I don't the time lapse to just sped
up I need to do it normal speed I just
found out that my camera on that memory
whilst you in that time lapse at the
kitchen is like completely done now Zoey
just called me in here to show me that
she's trying to hang a spider where are
you yeah oh this she's trying to hang
this spider and then that's obviously
the legs coming oh look at the face over
here basically we're having like a
Halloween night obviously on Halloween
you know we've got who's actually coming
over we've got Rochelle so poppy Shaun
mark Holly maybe Jesse maybe me and you
know you me basically like a chilled can
we proper watch like scary movies I mean
like yeah Holly hate scary movies Oh
nearly like that I think Joey would do
that inflatable course and my leg fell
in you know this yeah oh wow that looks
good
that looks so good I love it I'm having
to cover up below my hand guys this is
surprise in Zoey's video there's a sneak
peek see you later
I've actually wasn't that really really
fun that I was meant to be doing in this
blog that I told you guys about which is
my a sauce haul the Zoe thought maybe I
have no idea of any of the stuff she's
bought let me put you there with some
people shoes on so what I think I'm
gonna do guys is shoot that tomorrow
because I don't have time now I'm
actually going off to go play poker so
I'm going to try true that tomorrow
morning before we leave and insert it
into the vlog though right now I'm off
to go and play poker we're trying to
decide what snacks we need for poker I'm
thinking this how many factors and how
many facts are we saying here six
packets chase gone for no it's not ITV
wait yo legit just remember something
I've put a cannelloni in the oven for
half an hour and then my oven turns off
after half an hour just left it in there
never at my dinner yeah to film it I'll
get check Zoe in sight enjoy the can
alone is in the oven for you it's yeah
the game I like to play when I go into
can you find a youtuber or can you find
look already look down they're just
about to leave and Laura says we have to
do the sparkles which I walk completely
forgot about these
yeah we've got a whole package this is a
wild night wild Thursday night embracing
you know after I lost my money playing
poker
that's way these are some cheap
sparklers they're not going off no way I
can Aloni is still in the oven it smells
amazing
I'm gonna got to pick now class and go
to sleep but as I said earlier on in the
vlog so II know I have the biggest a saw
shop to go through here which is Oh II
bought from me online I have no idea
what any of it is so tomorrow morning
before we leave our world I'm gonna open
the opera's I mean go through all of the
stuff I'm not gonna insert it now
welcome back to the vlog everybody and
all of this and a box down here as well
like I don't know how someone I've never
ordered this amount of stuff online
before the wrong size stars of the video
like oh no it's gonna fit me I think I
open that one first okay
oh by the way I did your eyes of shop I
was thinking you as explain that we do
plan this you kind of just this sort out
of the house was at Zoey you've ordered
so much more like new clothes and you're
like no that's for you I did it for a
video oh I didn't know we're doing it
what whose channels it going years ago
and I was I keep I kept meaning to do it
and then I didn't do it so long and you
didn't mind I was supposed to be going
straight up that was like months and
then just just now like early days ago
I'm not Oh
his channel is this like this video
going on I didn't know is happening oh
is it on your channel I'm not oh okay
welcome to mr. Hawk want my girlfriend
bought with the stuff also I'm gonna
have a world tomorrow for you today for
me this is like perfect because now
hopefully I'm gonna have please like is
it doing hopefully at least there's one
thing I like you know to bless
so I can wear to the event so if you see
me a while if you're coming what da heck
did you want me soon what the heck is
that
I don't know I'm the biggest fan outfit
you wore two times and you want to just
throw one like a co oh yeah
Inspector Gadget cuz I like it
personally let's keep Thursday okay the
first thing you didn't like great
what no bar the first thing is also not
like that's not very safe option that's
a risky idea yes that was a risky item
when I got it more my color
it's like okay it's not I mean don't
wear the hood up don't wear the hood up
I think with some like biker boots
everyone's gonna think I mean so for you
no I'm not being horrible alright good
Christmas jumper green a knitted jumper
yeah I like that
this seems more like me I like I really
like that though I would would I like
would would type in that place I really
like wood with the Browns
is it XL yeah I miss XL oh I like that
okay let's go there's romantic on it I
like that I like how its popping boy
didn't heart not yeah good job good job
he thinks of it that I like you have to
remember you
like nothing right no yes she did I'm
sorry oh no every item just like I can't
wear I want you to at least try them on
on that skeleton it's a nice brand is a
really nice bear
I'm really like this it feels nice I'm
just joking not keen on this permanent
scarf around my neck
I like the jumper though maybe we'll
look see if it just got on without this
bit okay oh it's quite boxy I actually
like yeah look at that it's just a
different style than your you Steve oh
hey that's cold
do you like it yeah it's got like slits
up beside I don't like it now no I do
you really like it yeah I think then
let's go it's just like a nice slouchy
jumper yeah
hi there Cole I got quite a big head you
can be glasses twins
it's a cardigan if I have over knit
cardigan black skinnies I like that I
think that's like small Oh Sean's got
this in another color
well it's in white because he was
showing me the inside the other day
because the inside of my fluffy ones are
really rough popping popping chilling
here oh we've got some issues yeah I'm
gonna have you and in I think I'm
dressing you up more smart pop is you
wanna just arrived I want them to react
to some of the clothes so he bought me
flash or in the video this is on you
wait let me show ya
okay they're just gonna slide off anyway
it's not company you know that's yeah I
don't think they are do you think yeah I
like to do like those yeah
Gucci they come out like ten minutes ago
we didn't realize yeah I really like
your outfit today you got to tone jeans
I love thee
are you just all suckin up no I I really
like to take us to your shows oh sure
like I put on a failure combo right I'm
gonna so he said I should keep that
really nice okay I've this question in
this neckline yeah yeah I said if it
didn't matter I died like yeah I am
never doing this video again
I mean you smash it do this yes yeah I
look like Sherlock Holmes
okay
