good morning the time is half past 2 so
it's not actually the morning how are
you doing today have you had a nice day
I hope you enjoyed yesterday's video I'm
about to start ed Schmitt now I'm
currently editing or actually I should
probably explain what I've actually been
doing so far today so woke up at normal
time about eight o'clock half-past a got
Niner up with Zuri she's just chilling
down here with me at the moment and then
I went off to the gym at half past nine
and got back from the gym just past 12
o'clock and then I've just been tied in
the house of Zoe and taking all the bins
out and we cleared we cleared our
cupboards full food that we like don't
eat let's just consider their ages like
Oh cereal cupboard literally had about
16 boxes of cereal now I only eat
porridge and Zoe mainly eats is it
golden nuggets Golden Grahams Golden
Grahams they're the one that she mainly
eats sweets omnibox of cereals they were
like three months out of date that we
just never got around to eating that we
already bought for people when they came
over when they stayed over and just
never had yet than myself so we had a
massive clear-out that took ages put it
all in the bins outside and everything
and now I'm just editing a new ungodly
of video and then I'm also about to edit
the new day vlog which is good so just
finished up my two new videos and I've
uploaded both of them although one
hasn't hit the sub box which is so
annoying it has been up for about 40
minutes now and it still hasn't turned
up in people's subscription boxes so
thank you so much YouTube for all the
help as usual and the other one did
manage the sub box took about 20 minutes
which was annoying again if you don't
know what I mean by sub box basically
the place where you see these videos on
YouTube when it appears in your
subscription feed that's what I mean
they're meant to appear straight away
and YouTube can never work
so they take ages so one of them has
only been seen by like 800 people in 40
minutes out of like 1.4 million so
that's really really good thanks YouTube
anyways and on a positive note both the
videos are up and those who have seen
them seem to be enjoying them and I had
a model of
fun making them one was Nagoya video and
one was of course my daily vlog as usual
I am now look at cleanest places so tidy
and clean I am now off to town I think
it is a lovely evening at the time is
hop r6 and this is like my second clip
in the day I am the worst daily vlogger
at the moment is just because we're
getting super super busy get doing so
many different things and just take up a
lot of time now it is a lovely lovely
evening so I want to go to town because
most days I wear the same gym clothes
whenever I go to the gym and I am
actually sticking to it and going at the
moment in fact that I got a new protein
shake today a new protein stuff that my
trainer guy gave me which was this
apparently it's like a a vegan vegan
protein shake which is really really
good for you because some of the cheaper
ones that aren't vegan are just like
normal protein shakes are just full of
rubbish although they do have a lot of
protein and so I'd rather put something
cleaner into my body
yes I wanna go to town to buy this buy
some gym clothes that's the aim I also
wanna buy some it's stupid it's been too
long since I bought a stupid toy or
gadget so I want to try and find a fun
toy or gadget that we can play with in
today's video in town that is tasking
number two Zoe doesn't want to come
because she has just got back from a
busy day doing lots of things why not
and then knowledge having a little not
be down here after her walk a little
nappy you tired look at these flowers
and so he bought this bunch of flowers
which I should probably buy Zoe flowers
and then Zoe yesterday went on the
flower website cuz I'm gonna want to
mess up some flowers also hi told me to
go and get my debit card and I'll pay
for them that's not that's not really
the point Alfie is it okay Zoe boy self
this bunch yesterday there's
unbelievably big and then over here
we've also got an
a bunch wait is that only that's only
half and then we've got another one over
here that is insane and then we've got a
fake spider I don't like that
get away don't remember the last time
I'm so scared I'm gonna get food on my
seagull I can just feel it today today
is my day to get food I don't know the
last time I came to town and it was this
quiet just got a ton of new gym clothes
I just got two pairs of shorts and two
vests and two tops as well so I'm super
prepared to move it right now I don't
know where
I want to go to like the gadget shop
like I said but they always open and
close like so frequently in JETRO square
like one will be open for a month and
then closed then a new one will open so
I don't actually know where one is at
the moment my tips agam Lee's that's
always it-it's not even gangs anymore
it's actually called the entertainer and
so my tip there and see what they've got
I do know though there must be some kind
of energy shop somewhere
and Afghans are always tempting but I
don't think Zoey loves them as much
millions now she doesn't like millions
so my dear president guys let they've
got new Minecraft minifigures
now don't if you've seen on my gaming
channel I did a Minecraft oil in like a
pack opening but it was different to
these and then I also did a card opening
because they have Minecraft cards
somewhere don't know where they are but
these ones are new so I might buy a ton
or not a ton there would be an awful lot
but I might buy a load at them and do
like a pack of name in my gaming channel
let me know if you want to see that what
other toys and they got that I like
there's always something some board game
somewhere I played that with Joe
remember when I played that would joke
that was the that was honestly one
of my favorite videos to film because I
don't know how we were getting them all
right like it was crazy
so I just bought a ton of stuff I bought
a load of minecraft of those things I
think of what ten of them I can do a box
opening or pack opening on my game
channel and then I also bought a game
that I'm going to add to something else
that I've got at home to make a new
challenge and it's gonna be good
I'm gonna try and get a Zowie to do it
with me that involves something painful
so I don't know how how long board she's
gonna be a month to get somebody else
course I to get in a bit of cheeky shot
myself so I've just been to Urban
Outfitters and bought gobbler t-shirts
and have heard jogging bottoms and now
it is time to go home
I'm just going to jump one of these
taxis up there so we went food shopping
did I film the food shopping earlier I
don't think I did but I told you about
it so we've got delicious food in the
fridge there's literally about to go
home and then throw actually I've
equipped sushi stop off oh hello Marcus
hello matey oh just here there is sushi
so I literally just got stopped like I'm
not even joking when I say this I only
see there was over a hundred of you
literally over a hundred of you going
absolutely crazy and I couldn't move I
was gonna get my camera I literally
couldn't do it couldn't get it out oh my
gosh I'm home now and I was trying to
say but I was also rushing to get in a
taxi so I don't know if I said it
clearly
I literally crossed the road from
waterstones over to the clock tower in
Brighton and like 10 million of you like
foreign exchange students I'm guessing
or something I doubt you were from like
Finland and Sweden Italy like all over
the place there is sort of like oh well
over a hundred of you easily going crazy
like all of you watch my videos which is
really calling your teacher was like
disco stop it to a bit to go to a disco
and that passed us by were like what the
hell is going on the stuff is really
cool anyways back home now done all my
shopping got everything I needed and
just about to eat some sushi that I got
just down here and then what are we
gonna do for dinner
also you've been tweeting off my Twitter
account whilst I was shopping Zoey
text me to say check your Twitter
account and what did you tweet you know
everyone believed it you know they did
it did I what you I thought guys it
wasn't made 10 minutes reading people
for pies alright show us show us tell
them what you tweeted
I said I'm starting to look a bit more
ripped already or something
and in stars I put flexes muscles and I
would not one person said oh we lost a
challenge
oh I would not put that guys would not
believe you although I was at that
current time in your Sport Shop buying
loads of sports clothes look at my
little girl just hanging out guys look
at her no she's in the least ladylike
way oh yeah thank you
hey guys hello hello I'm from their
young friend just hanging out
so just made this IV some dinner and
taking it upstairs to her she is
currently watching Superbad what's what
Jimmy got the hiccups is right some
YouTube videos at the same time hiccups
are the worst thing ever
also it started to look like I've got a
mullet because go away because my hair
is getting longer along there now I
think I might start clipping it up or
something to get rid of it so that
doesn't look like I've got a mother I
don't know yeah I bought these trousers
early I wouldn't normally wear something
like this but I just thought they're
good for the gym when it's not so nice
wet pocket so put my phone in there and
stuff they're like slim and skinny as
well they call right I think what
happened in I don't really know what to
have there is so much choice then I just
don't know how kind it's 10 minutes past
10:00 so I kind of can't and reading you
bother to do too much cooking this looks
really good
chicken pesto linguini Zoey water
earlier on from M&S and that looks
really delicious actually good sized
portion doesn't that to make what fresh
squeezed presses squeezed lemonade
British Darla and Bramley apple juice or
hundred-percent freshly squeezed orange
juice smooth I think I'm gonna go in for
some apple juice
apple juice with my dinner this is just
a super quick microwave job' three
minutes perfect nice and quick like I
wanted alright guys so I am now all
tucked up in bed God sending life
actually in a second because I'm gonna
end up waiting Zoe up a funny fellow in
any longer right I'm gonna try something
a little bit different tonight and as
you can tell this video is sponsored but
I just want to reassure you because I
know a lot of people have done this
sponsorship before but I want to prove
to you that I'm literally doing it
purely because we actually do use it
like I got asked if I wanted to do the
sponsor and I was like well yeah of
course because it's offering my offering
my viewers something cold and at the
same time I do actually use this product
so instead of listening to a sleep out
tonight which is what I do most nights
I'm just going to show you on Zoe's
phone oh it's just unlocked one second
don't even see the password and we do
actually use this so audible basically
the website is audiobooks so it's
basically somebody reading a burglar
like a story and yeah it's really really
cool they're like a hundred like
literally thousands or hundreds of
thousands of books on there so they've
probably got all your favorites just
show you a couple just to prove that I'm
literally Zoe and I do actually use this
app when we go in to sleep or on a train
and stuff so she's been listening to ten
hours and eight minutes left of Anne
Frank's diary she's listening to all of
the teams in the giant Beach and like
it's mainly good stuff that we do
because when we were younger both of us
focus come back but if we first used to
listen to a lot of kids books like on
tapes and things so we've been doing
that a little bit recently as you can
see by the list that we've got
downloaded so I'm gonna recommend James
and the Giant Peach by Roald Dahl okay
because it's finished so he's already
listened to it with me
I just love stuff like this because 3017
minutes remaining
that is our long old story there's just
something about listening to somebody
reading a book that's like super
therapeutic and I suppose that's also
why I like sleep apps it's just somebody
speaking to you but reading a book of
like a story that you know and stuff I
just think it's really really nice so if
you guys want to do the same and you
want to listen to Roald Dahl or you can
list a books as well that's just thought
I'm suggesting because I like kids
stories and oh my god I sir just listen
to all the alphadon Annie Rose books
most of reading that when I was younger
and anyways guys if you want to check it
out then I'll leave a link down below or
on the screen here now and you guys can
check that out and you'll get a free
audiobook download and a 30-day trial if
you use my link okay I'm gonna go sleep
now guys thank you so much watching
today I'm so excited for my minecraft
video and this other video that I have
planned the other one that I've planned
is a main Channel video I don't know how
I'm gonna film it with I might try and
film it tomorrow or Saturday probably
Saturday I asked Sean if he wants to
film it with me it's something there
nobody's ever done before I think I
don't think anybody has ever done it
perform like honey 99.9% certain and
it's really really cool
anyways I'll catch you - my guys thank
you so much for watching today if you
enjoyed it give the video a big old
thumbs up give it one of these if you
want no pressure if you don't want me
you don't have to do I'm getting a bit
weird now I've got to be up so early
what's the time the time is 1224 and
I've got to be able to go to the gym at
9:30 I'm leaving tomorrow or maybe nine
I don't know something like that but
which were loads of delicious food in
the fridge which I'm so excited for
breakfast anyways I'll catch you adhi
tomorrow
