good morning guys now it is not can you
guess what I'm gonna say no morning it
is not the morning but I did wake up
super early today to know what eight
o'clock got no out of bed gave a
breakfast had breakfast myself had an
energy drink before going to the gym
then I went to the gym for two hours
maybe even two and a half hours actually
I was there for ages today working now
and then they got home had a shower had
a little bit of lunch a tiny bit of
lunch and now the time is 149 have just
nearly finished the daily vlog nearly
finished editing if you haven't seen it
yesterday then let me show you a little
snippet look at this Zoe playing agario
and Gillette my t-shirt that warranted a
double Emma Watson don't don't door
I'd actually dreamt the other night that
I met who basically his weird dream I
dreamt the other night look at my leg
how weird that looks I don't the other
night wore my laying down as well
I turned ever night that I was hanging
out of Ed Sheeran casually as you do
just friends venture and we were just
chatting away like normal as if it was a
normal thing and then and then he said
to me who should slip to crush nuts oh
it's Emma Watson and then there was
somebody that's sitting outside right
next to us and this girl was reading a
book and she looked up and she was like
laughing and it was in Watson and I went
over and I was like oh my gosh this is
so embarrassing like this is such an
embarrassing way to meet you you over
here in the or my crush and then
we've got chatting a mutually and
hanging out and I was just hanging out
venture and Emma Watson as you do but
anyways I'm off for lunch now I've got
to be at my mum and dads although my
mom's working place has she gone she
can't come for lunch in exactly 10
minutes from now and it takes probably
10 minutes to get them in the car I'm
just waiting for a taxi now to take me
over and then me and dad are gonna go
for lunch and then me and dad have got a
meeting together only a quick one a
little quickly to probably like half an
hour or something and then later on
Etowah my just telling you the whole
day I'm not going to tell you you can
just watch the vlog and see what happens
so seven months of dad he is ordered and
tuned about their normal size because
I'm trying to bolt off by the moment in
get big I avoided a lot of food order
lasagna that I did not expect it to be
that big and then also there thank you
so much all right just got home guys
after smashing right in the movie get
back up here just smashed all that food
the only thing that I forgot that was
annoying is that I saw I keep on looking
up here so I don't if you guys noticed
the difference I'm sure you do because
I've got like a little screen above my
camera so I can see myself but I need to
stop looking at it I need to look at
your was gonna say yeah I need to edit
the dead look now I've got like coupla
minutes left eggs in there but with the
lunch is really really delicious the
only thing is that I forgot to ask for
no salad dressing I don't often really
like salad dressing and both my salads
were covered in salad dressing so I was
just like eating it for the sake of
eating at Rob's and enjoying it is
really really good and just had a really
successful meeting with my dad although
there is one slight thing that does
affect you guys a little bit and that is
that the secret thing that I don't want
to keep on going on the back because I
don't want to build up too much in case
you're like oh what about it when it
comes out that the secret thing might be
delayed a few days
I think it's hopefully don't going to be
done before the end of the month so it's
the 22nd today the 23rd for you guys
watching this and so it should be done
before the end of the month that is that
is the aim because something just
happened that I can tell you another
time that basically makes it better in
the long run but it just means it might
be a couple more days before you guys
can be revealed but the thing anyways is
for a three we've got the best hot sauce
for so I need to edit this video and get
it up so that it is on time for five
o'clock are you ready for the best
elephant noise in the world okay when I
open my office door listen
how good is that every time it sounds
slightly different alright that sounds
more like a crap trumpet today but not
today just now earlier on it sounded
like a perfect elephant I do not have
for dinner
the date is the 22nd 22nd or 21st Oh
this chicken goes out date on the 22nd
so I hope that it is the 21st I know
that facility if it says the 22nd so
might some check out for for chicken
breasts that go out date after today so
I kind of need to eat all of those four
chicken breasts today what I'm gonna try
and do now boss eating all of this food
because he doesn't know I'm eating a lot
at the moment I'm going to try I don't
know I put on that voice I'm also gonna
put you guys up here holding you I'm
gonna try and film another goryeo video
because I put a guy in a gory video up
like two days ago I think maybe three
days ago and it's done really really
well you guys seem to really liked it
and then in yesterday's day booked for
you the one that went up tonight for me
Zoey played agario in my daily vlog and
people are loving that so far so I think
right now I'm gonna film another Daario
video if my internet works because the
internet in this room is the worst thing
in the entire world and the most
unreliable thing so if I can get the
internet work in fingers crossed and
that's not really crossed is it there we
go
then I'm gonna have a number of goryeo
video wagamama time now I know I just
realized it's not taking a Tuesday but I
want to whack my life now though it does
not take away Tuesday also be careful of
your elbow people might think it's your
boob guys check Zoey's boob out I know
it was you wasn't it was leaving the
elbow although it is not this sort just
realized I was walking into one mom and
I was right it's not Tuesday we agreed
no takeaways unless it's a Tuesday or we
have guests over
now there's our guest aren't you baby
you laid up on his phone that's not
right comfy so we've just gone away
c'mon this and I'm so excited for it so
this is what I got for dinner I got
chicken katsu curry
it doesn't food doesn't ever look as
good on vlogging cameras as it doesn't
real life and then also got some chili
and God edamame that is not for you
that's not for you Missy no no no no and
then I also got chicken guys over for me
and so it's share and we are watching
four rooms do you guys know this program
it's so sick okay we are fully having it
having it happenin we are fully having a
proper takeaway Tuesday because we are
now even watching a movie together the
other night we couldn't decide what film
to watch when it was my takeaway Tuesday
now we are watching one of the ones that
I couldn't decide to watch that I didn't
decide to watch I can't even speak we
watching pool the movie
it's just our deadline I've seen it but
I can't remember it too much I really
don't understand how people with dogs or
cats actually cats do the same can put
their animals downstairs at night time
to go to bed literally knowledge asleep
with her head in my hand she's so cute I
just don't understand how it's bedtime
for me I really need to go to sleep
because I've got to be at the gym
tomorrow morning super early but how can
I put this one down to bed she's been so
cute look at her I think it might have
to be a sleeping in the bed night she is
just being so adorable look at her ha ha
puppy just finish what you Paul just
went downstairs and planned loads of
exciting stuff at the future a lot of
merch stuff a lot of videos and just
different things that I want to do it's
super late it's like 1 o'clock
meaning I think maybe like compost 12
and I've got Jim tomorrow at nine
o'clock even on nickel night that oh
nice evening my populace from my sorry
nan her asleep in there none of us can
sleep in the bed tonight
that's an interpersonal treatment of
embraces him if you've ever wondered
what Invisalign look like if you don't
like teeth and stuff like that then look
away this is what they look like these
are the molds of my teeth that's one of
them and then that is the other one and
that's what I put in my mouth every time
you ever notice I've got that thing in
but yeah a master thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed it give it a big
ol thumbs up to let me know you did and
I'll get you tomorrow good dawn over the
other hand that's way right
