good morning how you doing guys and the
time is currently quarter past 10:00
I've just been in shoving breakfast with
those family we just had some we never
have croissants do away yeah really
really good should some croissants for
breakfast and I thought I'd just tell
you so this morning when I woke up I
watched like two or three or four
youtube videos as I do every morning
when I get up I go on YouTube straight
away and part need to check my views and
party to catch up and other people and I
thought I'd let you know who I've been
watching recently and all of that just
in case you guys don't watch them and
you want to watch some new youtubers so
this morning I'm just scrolling down my
subscriptions feed now so this morning I
watched actually last night will stop
last night last night I watched Casper's
new video which I was laughing at so
much it's called my friends are YouTube
famous
and it's basically Casper being Casper
just bearded idiot in the park but it is
so funny I'll show you oh I know the guy
who wrote this book what would you make
with this book it's really good have you
read Harry Potter this is like a Harry
Potter
Oh see if you have a check that out you
guys need to go and check out that video
it is hilarious and and it gets up more
and more funny as it goes on who are
surviving what Jen I'm watch yeah we
watch the skinny Jesus not although we
didn't get finished yet because we were
by falling asleep and so we're watching
yeah because it was a 1:00 in the
morning which was late for us it was
1:00 in the morning
and I haven't yet watched Jim's new
daily vlog well how much that but I
wanted to because I want to see how
Martha is I really really want Martha
all my comments the moment of like I
want now alone and Martha to meet and
they will be sick
Hollywood may prefer but I really want
that sugar she had a third injection why
she can go I don't know if she has she's
only eight weeks I don't think she has
and maybe she has or maybe she's getting
it soon when she gets no no no no no she
can meet with you can only not meet with
dogs you haven't had it and that's the
risk of going to the park
you can meet with dogs who have had them
so with no Japs you can still meet Nala
because not has had her Josh how cute
with that baby oh and then come and stay
here because we just want to say -
there's she would get them to come see
him bring Martha if Martha can of course
she can she can come here and come in
the gardens stress of taking your
puppies yeah and actually the stretch of
taking a puppy that isn't properly
that's pointed like ah rugs are already
PU things yeah even if she went solo the
floor that wouldn't matter to us and he
watched his videos Robin what Jen
Miranda sings I haven't watched yet but
that is in my sub box
I watched Louie's new daily vlog but
he's cleaned up a beach in in America
which was proper proper call really
really good thing to do and who else I
was young what's that I felt like I
watch more videos that's my leg I know
it's Casey's new blog which Tara places
new cover yesterday that was really
really good I didn't watch I haven't yet
what Zoe Liz Topshop and a sauce
clothing haul I haven't watched that one
yet you see me where the plays there
yeah oh I watch named his video with her
mum and her grandma which was ridiculous
because her mum looks like her sister
and her grandma looks like her mum like
also beautiful they're all looks so like
look at this this is Naomi's mum and
this is noemi's grandma how insane is
that that is just crazy
very good jeans but anyways guys today
we are off to town just to have a little
explore in the lanes with Zoe's
grandparents and mum and then I've got
my personal trainer from one o'clock to
a half plus 2 and then I'm picking up my
car like at all
last night at 2:30 until 3:00 and then I
don't know what we're doing what are we
doing tonight
should we make your night Tuesday does
it take what you say it's my turn
it is indeed its take away Tuesday what
are we gonna watch oh actually we bought
Sky Movies last night as well yeah is it
working yeah yeah is it yeah I was
watching porn on Sarge yesterday oh my
gosh sick okay
Oh knowledge you want to vlog come here
NOLA NOLA baby she she asleep with you
no she's coming hello hello oh is that
why you wasted my time I was asleep
leave me alone all right guys I need to
edit this daily vlog let me give her a
tree I need to edit the stage of vlog
and get it up before we have to go out
so stop talking rubbish a fee also
greedy beauty wanna place her look at
her little head look at her look at her
little head waiting for a tree there you
go baby
yeah hahaha let me give you another one
there you go baby
hahaha look a little head let me give
you a double one my gods don't give it a
treat she's too cute she's too cute
look we've come to the beach although I
didn't bring sunglasses so I can barely
see anything look how lovely it is
there's a woman down now I'm not going
to kill her obviously there's women down
there with sunbathing topless
I guess know that it's nice but it is
not that hard I also have to be home in
10 minutes
my personal trainer the girls have done
a lot of purchasing by the girls I mean
Zoe hey
I mean Zoey and her mum I thought that
Zoey's always the one that takes so long
in shops and just now we're waiting a
couple of times and as our Zoey does
actuate she already gets it from her
mum's it's really her mum as well both
of them so I'm carrying all their stuff
back in a little because I've got to
head back to the gym or not straight the
gym obviously I'm gonna go home and get
changed
I've got half an hour until my trainer
Ed picks me up that car is called the
half now until he picks me up and then I
am enough to go home and get changed
coming in outside right guys so just
been talking to my trainer whilst in a
taxi on the way home he thought we were
trained in an hour later than I thought
we were trained in but I've got I've got
another you good for a week me come on
hurry up
but I've got to go and pick up my car
and then I've also got a meeting at 3
o'clock which means that they all
overlap and they get in the way of each
other so I think all enlarged I can't
even speak from what I know last I don't
think I'm going to be training tonight
also I put in some new the next set of
braces this morning so if I'm speaking a
little bit less because they're that
tighter they're changing the shape of my
teeth again but yet so I've just come
home early from the beach and now I
don't have to be home early so they're
all having a coffee and lunch and
cockles and stuff on the beach and I am
at home by myself one arm of another
coming in I've got so many things that I
should be doing that I just haven't been
doing recently so I've got more than
enough work getting on with Bostick once
and time I think they're going to be
home in an hour anyway this is what I
got for lunch today
that I just bought in town I have got
chicken noodles with veggie and stuff I
don't know I think it looks quite good
and then I also went for a I never
remember the name of this one what's it
called Green Goddess which is like a
healthy smoothie style drink which is
good
guys I've got my car back whoo makes
so much difference to me because I can
drive there oh my god the woman in there
with me yeah I can never listen to this
without thinking you know like why does
the reaction videos or you can the woman
just then when when I when I paid for my
car that was cheaper than what I thought
actually just gave me the keys I here's
your key and I'm black might as well
give it to Zoey
there's no point me have it now Zoey's
family have left now so it is time for
what is it time for Zoey
let's see become right asking is a take
away Tuesday ya know you're open up
which basically every every Tuesday we
take it in turns to have a takeaway I
get to pick one week and then a movie
Zoey gets to pick one week and then a
move in we take it in turns and we're
not allowed to take away any other night
that week unless we have guests over so
it is very stern what have you picked
Akari I know ha via take away Tuesday Oh
Pizza face again which is why I picked
last week it is because it for a week
and it's give me something I was like
yeah I was like maybe I wanted Domino
smells like I don't know I don't know I
was so like lot of times I do want to
dominates but standing and now Zoey's
about to try and play agario yeah he
plays a guess and I'll put your name as
zoella
okay to me that way no they're not me
it's not moving out Oh
so far none how big you and if you want
to fire you press space that splits into
not gonna do that
why know how to do it when I've played a
minute guy you like everyone else is
eating people we all not in any one you
going on the top of the map
yeah
Kohi is coming after me how big
different you're gonna get or go and get
that oh oh oh oh sorry oh oh I just want
to beat my last school to be honest then
I'd be happy a bit more school what was
your last school day so happy period
every day what it is do you like this
game it's just a bit stress force quite
tense it's not really a relaxing game oh
you're good look at that 86 there we go
ooh that one eat them eat them eat them
go on go down go down into them yes get
one no no yeah that's fine
but now like a big yard 200 is that good
yeah got it for space look at everything
for space no I don't wanna go and do it
now oh you missed nice split why I never
listened to you lots of little ones over
here go and get that guy just go into
him I'm not splitting why not I'll just
chase him oh gone you can eat that you
can either blue guys they were smaller
than you yes yes go on
space nice space bar yes nolo do you
like this game do you own this game mama
I want to go back into myself now oh how
do I get away from him he stepped onto
me like a leech get off that wasn't bad
was it what let me see your stats
focus
these cameras are so bad literally come
on come on there we go that was pretty
good though Zoey I want to see them
those get you like 300 something and you
get a few people did eat a few keys he
did eat a few people our pieces here
we've got three pizzas because I can
decide which pizzas she wanted and then
I also got a meat box which is delicious
I only got it like last time was the
first time I got it didn't really know
what it was when I order there guess it
was meat in a box from salad but look at
that yes is it on yes we love this
program
it's just started perfect only give me
five
oh you didn't over it got it I am so
full out here you pull up to my stomach
it feels like it's gonna explode TV was
a 99 it's so hard what he was in 1900
the volume luck with the Pete's place
you get one chocolate each as well and I
can so do it a little chocolate right
now we've just finished watching me do
group you I'm not grumpy you're the
grumpy one during that film Zoey turn
around to me about 14 times go in have a
griot seven you're asleep a bit you
every time I turn mind you open your
eyes you asleep
are you watching this after you actually
watching this yes so II I am watching
this I wasn't I did wanna watch air I
did I didn't fall asleep once I didn't
close my eyes for a long period of time
or anything like that we just watched a
little princess and which was actually
pretty good there was one be I'm not
gonna movin in case you haven't seen it
that I was like that wasn't so great but
all the rest of it was actually really
good so if you haven't seen this I don't
even know where you'll be able to get it
because it's so old school and yeah go
check it out
I know at the time is like 10 past 11:00
at night Nala is just gonna sleep with
us the whole time you have a nice little
oh okay then
my famiiy oh you coming back now oh no
you're not she's just been napping on me
Zoe the whole time
oh my gosh I'm so tired you tired of it
it's also so hot in this room this made
me even more tired so we're gonna go to
sleep now my ID in the vlog here rather
than ending upstairs in bed so if you
enjoyed today's video and zoe playing
agario and everything like that then
please give the video a big old bomb
drop or a follow-up today I did a
snapchat for the first time in a while I
did like that 10 snapchats today's if
you want to follow me on snapchat if you
don't already my username is it's Alfie
deyes because somebody has stolen
pointlessblog
so it's Alfie deyes de ye-es and what
else what else what else tomorrow
morning I've got my personal trainer
super early tomorrow and yeah that is it
so I'll catch you tomorrow morning get
the video I've already said that already
said that sorry I'm so tired I'll catch
you tomorrow
good night you having fun over there
