good morning guys I am vlogging on a
camera that is broken it is Oh his old
one it has also got barely any charge so
it's probably gonna run out soon and
this morning I woke up super early about
half-past seven and went and took my my
car that I still can't drive because I'm
passed my driving test to go and get an
MOT in the service with Zoe and my mum
also came in her car and then we jumped
from my car wants to be dropped off into
my mum's car who dropped us home in my
mum's car which isn't good so now I'm
using Zoe is old broken one I've also
just finished a meeting in town that was
like I think it's meant to be three
hours and only lasted an hour and a half
wow that is a big old package that guy
is never gonna pull it up by himself
yeah so I just finished a meeting as
well so the vlog is starting a little
bit late the time is currently 12
o'clock and I need to get myself in
juice and then it also Anita I nearly
said something then I nearly gave away
what the thing is I need to go and do
something to do with the thing got
myself another juice this one is almond
milk with charcoal and protein which had
it the other day and it is delicious
it looks like a potion look at that when
I shake it
all that look how cool it is I love the
look at that oh I don't have a clue
where I'm going you guys know how I love
to go into book shops and sign my book
so that sometimes when you buy one there
sign now it's about to go in water
stones and look at there
look at that how cool is that if Marcus
realize because obviously he doesn't
live in Brighton anymore but Marcus your
hometown Waterstones has a massive bitch
of you on the outside that is cool right
I'm going to go inside now
Hey look
again more Marcus look at that I swear
every time I come here there is more and
more books from you guys so there's that
Zoe's book there Joey's mine mine
PewDiePie that is ours an unofficial
unofficial unofficial unofficial
unofficial that is crazy
there's unofficial books like but
there's two unofficial books on me like
what Louise Connor Franta so-called
psycho so I'm just gonna sign it load it
and now for you guys say if you want to
sign to UM come to Brighton guys I've
just bumped into Emily how you doing you
know in a nice day look at her phone
case how cool is that you're what you're
the first person I've ever bumped you
just in the street with a phone case
that's so good it's lovely to meet you
I've just finished signing all of these
guys for you so if you come into the
Blythe and mr. stones you're probably
gonna get one if you come quite quick
okay sir there's a ton of both books
I've signed every single one here secure
go girls
so I'm back from town and I'm at mum and
dad's as you can probably tell I've got
my camera back so we are back in good
quality look at this a love mum and
dad's new me right it's not on the wall
yet it's gonna go a bit higher on the
wall but and they've just done up all
that front room and it looks so sick
what should I show you this year look at
that cool little lamp everything's so
much more like minimalist look at this
they've got a picture of me up there and
look at this new lamp I feel like I'm
doing a house tour for mum and dad's
programme but I just really really like
this mirror I think it's so cool once it
goes slightly higher as well I think
it's gonna be really nice oh look how
creased my top looks it's cuz it's
really backe oh my gosh well as you saw
earlier I don't know if I explained it
well enough because I was so busy
meeting tons of you like I went into
water stones out in Brighton and I
signed so many books for you guys but
and as I was in there I literally bumped
into you like you as I was signing the
books I honestly think like 60 of you
guys came up to me Eva like one by one
or in groups a lot of foreign language
students which was really really cool
forget it so good being able to meet
people that don't expect that they have
a chance to meet you because people who
live in Brighton obviously don't really
think that they're gonna bump into me
but it's quite likely because they live
in Brighton but when you get somebody
from like Norway or Denmark or Sweden
just by chance bumping into you that is
so cool
so I met as I said that 60 people
probably today of you guys just four
stars in water stones are so cool so
thank you so much and if you said hi but
yeah I just wanted to say that if you
did want a signed copy of my book and
you live in or near Brighton then there
is a ton in water source a ton there's
probably like 15 or 20 of each book so
you'll have to be quick but there are
signed ones in there for you guys we're
just having a tea party at the moment
that my mum Zoe's
grandparents and so his mum I will
upload a picture here if I'm not lazy if
there was a picture here then that means
I'm good at editing I can't just put the
pressure on myself but yeah it's really
really delicious you're having really
really cool time yeah daddy's right for
now don't you know what else I'm doing
for the rest of the day
what is the time I have no idea right
I'm gonna guess I haven't looked at my
phone yet I'm gonna guess the time is -
no 311 okay complete guess what's the
time oh oh my gosh look at that it won't
focus no it changed by a minute it was
312 and I swear like literally look
around the room here there is no clocks
at all and I was one minute out my
natural timing is on peak right anyways
I'm gonna go carry on having some tea
English - because I am so English just
for those of you that say oh my god
you're so lazy you to upload a video I
thought I just filmed show another thing
that I'm up to doing yet again more work
but the special thing that is going to
be announced in a couple of days it is
constant work guys but it is coming and
it's gonna be get all done now it is a
waiting process and then I can tell you
well then when I tell you that you know
I'm not I'm gonna stop speak I don't
want to beat up too much like I've
spoken about it so many times in videos
I just hope you guys are gonna be as
excited as I am for
right dear lady righty I am now tucked
up into bed
we just had a lovely lovely lovely what
do we have roast dinner that is the one
literally was so good so much of the veg
was a groan in Zoey's mum's garden which
was really really cool at the
cauliflower and Welsh was growing in the
garden the broad beans and the potatoes
and then what was the something else the
red things I remember something be true
that's the one was also growing in
Tracy's garden but yeah just had a
lovely evening again I'm sorry I don't
film too much but it's family time and
I'm still trying to vlog whilst spending
time there's always family and not
filming that so I hope that you're
enjoying the parts of the videos that I
am filming for my day more progress oh I
just want to do one more thing about the
secret thing but there's more progress
today so it's getting closer and closer
to I can tell you guys and yeah that is
about it today so I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did please give it a big
old thumbs up yesterday's video is doing
really well actually I think it's on
like 17,000 thumbs up or something
already which is crazy so let's see if
we can beat that and yeah tomorrow I'm
going to the gym I'm also picking up
Mike oh yeah I heard back from my car
and it kind of broke down as soon as the
guy basically when we dropped it off we
left in the carpark and then they drive
it from the car park just like into the
little MOT but what they do like the
service now one means only or Zoe has
been driving it I've been in the car for
the last couple of weeks we've been
hearing like a clunking noise when we
drive over a like a speed hump bump
thing in the road to slow you down and
several times we hear like a and when I
yeah that's not good but it's fine we're
getting serviced soon and apparently
when this guy took my car lighter with
my car out of the parking space just to
take it like 50 meters away it just wrap
and then didn't move and the suspension
broke which is so lucky that that didn't
happen to us on the way there this
morning at like 7:45 because that would
have just sucked so bad because
apparently once the suspension brakes or
whatever it was that broke the car can't
move so we got super lucky that we
dropped off there and then it broke with
them because they were obviously just
able to fix it there and then so they
have got that part tonight and they're
fixing it tomorrow morning and then I'm
picking it up tomorrow after the gym
with my mom so I just got a bill of I
think - how much was it fix the
suspension 200 pounds to fix the
suspension cars are bloomin expensive
guys but I suppose I've had it for a
year and nothing has ever gone wrong
with it before so it could have been
worse but still 200 pounds damn it
I love ya I'll catch you tomorrow thanks
so much for watching today
