good morning guys I'm having to be a
little bit quiet because oh he is
upstairs from a new video today and the
time is quarter past 9:00 in the morning
and I struggled so hard to get out of
bed today
I ended yesterday's video and like hot
bus 2 and then I just lay in bed wide
awake just thinking about so many
different things I just couldn't sleep
and at about half-past three so he was
like Alfie are you even listening to the
sleep app and I was like no because
every night we sleep with like a
sleeping at one I told you guys before
and it's basically like think about
relax and all the muscles in your body
and release a little stuff like this
normally I listen to what it says and I
fall asleep like literally like 5 or 10
minutes like I don't even know that
ending of the recording because i'm
asleep by then so last night i had it on
for literally like 40 minutes or
something and so it was a after you're
not even listening - I can tell you're
too fidgety and moving allows I I know
I'm just thinking about so much stuff
and making gaming videos and she's like
ecard you need to go to sleep up it's
half past three so it sleeps super late
last night shouldn't have done it should
not have done it this thing here is a
bad influence
no makes me stay up late at night that
room so I need to get used to going back
to bed before 12 o'clock I want to go to
sleep for 12 o'clock everyday and wake
up at 8 o'clock every day no not the
hero
40 minutes surviving even from a video
yeah you ever finish filming yours oh my
gosh that is not the opposite of me are
normally half an hour late 40 minutes
early
that's one Wow okay well I'm going to
make my breakfast guys and then say
hello still not so I'll catch you in a
flip-flop we just got back from lunch we
have the fame I don't have a clue how
this vlog is going to happen today
because we're just doing so many
different things and I don't really want
to film so his family because that's
family time that's not filming time can
you hold this for me
okay let me just flip flap your buddy
flop this down all right
so Zoey I don't actually know this could
be something completely different I
think this is a load of dog stuff really
interesting for the block
so don't whole nother not a whole
come here present come up here basically
the stuff that we have the stuff that we
have free you are the worst camera every
time I've got to speak zoeva actually
turns off the cameras it doesn't record
or just be again and you film mission
stay I want to see what you're talking
about okay so the stuff that we
previously had was really really good
the stuff that I told you guys to get
but their harnesses were just too big
not a slip to head out of it once so
we've got a small that's an X oh yeah
that was I don't extra small
looking at that that's not gonna fit but
we could probably about the time you and
Jim for Martha know I think this will
fit no obviously we got the knife
definitely not gonna fit welfare oh it
might actually Wow so we were putting
her in a medium and she was an extra
cool I think I'll fix it you can also
you can make it big enough yeah okay try
that one we also bought some others just
to try if it's very hot obviously having
a harness on like that isn't ideal
because pugs can overheat quite easily
especially the black bugs so we've also
got one of these which was recommended
to us and this was only I think five
pounds so this is a walkies harness
walking made easy with a free training
guide and then a non pull harness I
don't really know stops pulling because
nada is so bad at walking right now
she's picked up some naughty habits
haven't you is that the extra small yeah
so she was an extra small we had her in
a medium ah no does that fit yeah and
this is I've loosened as well so I can
even tighten this oh that's better
red even - much better
she won't even get as hot because they
go small it is that's so much better
extra small oh I kind of wanted the pink
one to fit it was over the orders more
an extra small pink one buzz would
probably I know it's perfect no but he
should have a smaller one because he got
out of his yesterday yeah he needs to go
into next summer with mum what we'll do
is we'll say Oh mom let me hold him for
a minute then we'll check him in the
pink one and a pink one and then you
show me yeah
they were only cheap ones which we
thought might I don't know we could try
them so that's our dog haul that is a
puppy haul hope you enjoyed it that
looks so much better on it and the other
one I can't believe we thought that that
fit that she was a medium we thought she
was a medium that was a bit silly wasn't
it you're not medium are you pop no but
she is tired let's talk about not
uploading okay because I feel this is a
very hot topic right now because it is
currently 20 minutes to 6 on a Sunday
soil this this is distracting me in the
video a good part of a pun divided me it
is 20 to 6 on a Sunday and I don't have
a video main channel video for tonight
however as you know I'll go into that in
a second so I've just told you guys on
Twitter that I unfortunately don't have
a video for tonight and that's due to
many reasons because I've been crazy
busy recently as you can see in the
daily vlog so you can see I suppose you
guys ever get see the meetings I'm going
to and the things that I have to do
outside of vlogs and stuff that I'm
planning and things like the big thing
that is coming soon that's going to help
me make videos stuff like that doesn't
doesn't come easy things like that is
they take a lot of time but anyways
anyways things that you do see for
example me making again me the yesterday
they took seven hours me filming to
gamer videos for che for his channel
that took probably like two or three
hours yeah anyways I'm not going to try
and come up an excuse to why I don't
have a video for today but I just wanted
to have a discussion about it because
not just myself but when other people
don't upload as well there can be so
many reasons why somebody couldn't
upload
and you guys the vast majority view I
feel like a waste of my time for the
vast majority of you I won't explain it
to the very few very briefly because you
can't please everyone there's going to
be some people watching this video we're
gonna be like you didn't upload you get
paid into your job and you don't upload
a video if it's my job basically if I if
I get paid to make videos which I do it
is my job and I don't upload a video
surely I am then therefore making less
money so would I not want to be
uploading more myself like I feel that
some people almost don't think about how
I'm feeling or how a youtubers feeling
when they don't upload and when I don't
upload the video at tonight for example
my main channel I'm not sitting here
thinking yes I don't have to bother
making a video today I'm not gonna
bother uploaded haha nobody's getting a
video that's not what happens I'm
sitting here thinking crap I feel like
rubbish I've got a Zoe's family
downstairs everyone having a nice time
and all I can think about is not having
a video for you guys or 4.4 million of
you guys potentially to enjoy and this
is something that I set myself as I
promise to you guys that every Sunday
there'll be a new video and now I've
failed that that is what it feels like
and but I feel as though some of you
think and feel that youtubers are happy
and they're fine with not bloating that
isn't ever the case youtubers enjoy
uploading I do YouTube because I enjoy
it I started YouTube because I enjoy it
I like uploading I love reading my
feedback in my comments I love seeing
you guys click in like on the like
button see how many of you are enjoying
it I like all of that I like reading
your tweets I like reading you're
everything everything about making
videos I love and I love seeing the
feedback that is purely why I do and why
I started YouTube so therefore if I'm
not making a video I'm not seeing that
positive feedback and that is that is
what I like I like making you guys happy
by making videos I don't know I just
wanted to say for example like tonight I
have got two videos going up I've got a
daily vlog gonna be five pm like
every single day I have seven videos
going up a week minimum plus my main
channel video which is the vast majority
of weeks there is one there may be
occasionally on my miss one like today
but the vast majority is that's eight
videos a week and then I know I haven't
done my gaming channel in a few weeks
but normally like take it back a month
ago normally there was like a couple of
game videos week so there's probably
about ten videos on average over the
last year probably about ten videos a
week you guys to get in now that doesn't
that that's not a small amount that is a
lot
I set it upon myself and I will and I
will do my very best always to make 780
bucks a week a couple of gaming videos a
week and one main channel video a week
and I want to do that because I want to
do that not because I have to do that so
for example like today I had one hour
free today so far to be able to make it
me internal video now I could have
absolutely rushed it and just smashed
one out and got like a Q&A up or
something like that and I nearly did it
was so close I said I will they covered
everything and I thought no what is the
point of just making a video for the
sake of it being a Sunday if I don't
have a really good video that I know you
guys are going to enjoy and I'm happy
with uploading then why am I just
uploading for the sake of it being a
Sunday like I could potentially just
waste your time with a rubbishy video so
to round it all up when your cost of
somebody for not uploading a video
whether it's me whether it's any
youtuber I don't even know think about
the bigger picture think about they
could be busy doing other stuff that you
don't see on video and yes it might be
their job but that doesn't mean that
they they owe you a video they will do
that best youtubers make videos because
they enjoy making videos if they're not
making videos then there's obviously
something taking up their time and
whether you see that on camera or you
don't see that on camera that is a
different story it may not look like I'm
very busy but if I wasn't very busy then
I would be making videos because that is
what I like doing I don't know you can
never be some people that is the more of
the story
you can't please
every one I have two other videos going
up tonight a gaming video at 6:00 p.m. a
daily vlog at 5 p.m. and still people
are angry that they don't have a main
channel video and I know it's Sunday and
there should be one but sometimes just
sometimes things like this might happen
very occasionally I don't like it
happenin you guys don't like happenin
but it does just like when the bus is
late it sucks but the bus is late
nothing can happen I want a video to be
going up tonight just as much as you
guys want a video to be going up tonight
I can't just magically oh I can't do it
I've got people over and that is that
and from now on I'm going to be a lot
more regimented a lot more scheduled but
sometimes make it busy for example when
I was in Dublin on my book tour I was
like late to every single dinner
possible because I was interesting my
daily vlogs and that is that that is
that it that I can't even speak and that
is the priority my dead dogs come over
any everything else my main channel
videos come over everything else but if
I've I don't know I don't even know I'm
just rambling now I didn't want this to
be that long because I know not all of
you are complaining about this but I
just wanted to clear it up that there
are often more things going on then
simply me being lazy and can't be
bothered to make a video because that
isn't the case okay right I'm sorry for
rambling I feel bad because barely any
of you compared to like the whole scale
of how many people watch these videos
say they get like four or five hundred
thousand views a day not even that many
of you out of that were complaining but
I just wanted to explain if in case
you're ever annoyed at a youtuber for
not uploading a video and you think it's
because they can't be bothered that is
very very very rarely the case and I
just wanted to make sure that you guys
know that that we always have your best
interest and we want to make videos just
as much as you guys want to see videos
that is what we enjoy doing that is our
hobby that is our job that is everything
we love it and that that's what we spend
it your whole life doing like a being
areas that is what we spend a whole life
doing but there is also something coming
very very very soon that it's going to
make uploading a million times easy and
it is not before you go commenting
saying you're going to get somebody to
edit your videos you're so lazy
that's this not what is happening I've
never said that it is something else
that is awesome okay and I'm super
excited and I think it starts in a
couple of weeks but I can tell you guys
a little bit earlier yeah that's it
there we go all right I'm going to go
downstairs now and have some have some
chilled time with Zoe's family and yeah
I don't really know what I'm going to
vlog too much today
it's the next day guys I kind of didn't
film anything else I left my camera
downstairs and now this morning I just
left it in my mum's car
I'll explain why in tomorrow's video but
I just wanted to make sure that there
was an end to this video we went to
Jamie olives for dinner
Jamie allas jamie oliver's for dinner
and had an absolutely lovely time and
then when we got back I was just
absolutely knackered from waking up so
early in the morning
this camera back to you just found that
job man Achadjian good bye guys thank
you so much good bye bye otherwise thank
you so much about our church again bye
good night
