coming in kimmm
gig yeah good morning guys
it is currently half past eight in the
morning the weather is beautiful I can't
even see oh my gosh
where is she gone I know she is you're
gonna get for a week
coming them quickly it is super early
but since I've started on gig cow since
I've shot I can't even face this way too
bright since I've started going to the
gym at about nine o'clock or leaving to
go to the gym at nine o'clock every
single day I've started just waking up
at 8:00 to 8:30 and just being wide
awake which is really really good and
quickly
Oh yep now that come on and just being
wide awake
which is really really good except from
like just now so he's still asleep and I
just jumped and I was like oh I let's
wake up this is that I want a lawyer
I was like good is this 8:30 come on and
then I realized that it's Saturday and
8:30 is probably probably not the best
lighting for a weekend
I think breakfast is not a favorite part
of the day like she goes absolutely
you'll be able to hear in a minute soon
as I stop pouring her food we have to
weigh our food every morning because if
you don't wait pub food they can get
overweight very very easily because
they're little piggies you know she's
just sitting next to me today are you
ready are you ready come on sit down
good girl go and you enjoy your
breakfast I need to enjoy my breakfast
so well actually I bought new milk yes
well you know last night
almond unsweetened milk pure and natural
taste I'm trying to drink less normal
milk because apparently I didn't really
think about it I didn't really know it
might not be something that's like super
true I'm not sure
can you either only like animal or
something like that that carries on
drinking milk after it's fully good
because animals obviously drink the
parents milk or the mums milk and to go
up and get big and strong with the early
on all that carries on drinking milk I
don't know how true that is but
apparently milk just like clogs your
pores and makes you have more spots and
stuff like that so I like this stuff on
the milk so I just thought I've stopped
drinking almond milk instead
so when obviously with a coffee and
stuff I'll have normal milk because
there's only a small amount but if I'm
going to bowl in a cereal which is a lot
of milk then I am i just use almond milk
instead so every morning when I have my
porridge down here I don't have it down
here on the floor it's just restored
also tried it one day original and don't
use almond milk instead in there baby
be in bed with us every morning photos
that I've just made breakfast and
brought up to bed now we've got this
little one with us every way oh where
you going I've just woken up from a two
and a half hour nap oh my gosh that was
too long I think though he had about the
same time and so deny laughing and all
of us are set from gnarley' I like like
you know when you're just nap - I think
I speaking about it yesterday of the day
befores blog come on now that you go for
a wee wee and and eat when you're just
nap too long and you just feel even
worse so I need to get some like some
food in me to get me some energy I am I
went this morning I didn't film it
though but I went this morning my mum to
go and look at a new car for her because
her car you know when cars get the point
when they're getting so old that they
break down every now and again and then
every time they break down they cost so
much to fix that it's almost like I may
as well just get a new car so the other
day her car broke down and it costs like
a ridiculous amount of money to fix and
I'm like mom I told you you needed a new
car that money to fix it's gone towards
a new car so she's finally looking for a
new car and we went a test drove one
today and she is thinking of
getting an Audi q3 do any of your
parents or you or your friends have an
Audi q3 if they do let me know what you
think and because that's the one we
think we're going to go for at the
moment for my mum or so we go for I
think my mom's gonna get that car I
can't I don't even have a license
let me know I need to learn so bad
save this in every video I really really
need to learn how to drive but yeah my
mom's thinking to get herself an Audi q3
what do you guys think of that car let
me know if you have one just out of
interest but have you done finished come
in let's go back inside
bye I'm gonna try because I want to film
a lot of gaming videos today by the way
the time is two currently two o'clock in
the afternoon and I'm gonna try coming
them inside yes good girl because I want
to film a lot of gaming videos today and
I'm trying to be healthy I don't really
have anything that I can cook a set of
four chicken breasts that I bought
yesterday and I don't really just want
to eat chicken breast with chicken
breast with chicken breasts and as usual
a start vlogging as a taxi is outside
and guys I'm off to town now because I
have just tried to shave and trim my
stubble look to shave in here and then
it's long here my razor I'll show you
that has run out of charge and I can't
charge it because you need one of those
charges for like bathrooms and we don't
have one of them
I need like one like this a body minute
why why that so I can't charge my razor
so I'm going to try and nip into town
and see if I can get like a two pin two
three pin it come back today because I
was back home from the gaming videos but
I mean it doesn't look as bad in my
daily vlog now but this bit here is like
way shorter it looks ridiculous
Zoe is taking on her for a walk she's so
excited for a walk to go for a look more
come on eat your lunch
lemon ACK it is such lovely weather
today we are comforting with the sky
isn't there's like hardly any
loud and if they are they like tiny
little fight so imagine penguins in a
snowstorm like all huddled up that was
what town was like just now it was
unbelievably busy so I didn't even
bother getting my camera because I would
have just ended up right elbow and shot
me in the head it was so busy but I got
everything I wanted I got my regular
charger or the converter thing and got
it from boots they had that which was
really really good and then I kind of
got a bit carried over food because I
haven't eaten lunch and as I've told you
a million times my trainer says the more
you eat the better you're not going to
have to overeat alfie as long as it's
like clean good food so I've just been
eating and eating and so I just bought a
ton of food let me quickly put you guys
back on here just whilst i plug in my
new little thing I really hope it works
this is what I bought and that's one of
those ones where you need some scissors
alright here we go we've got it
please say it fits yes I can now charge
my razor so that when I film in a minute
I don't have weird stubble it's charging
yes right let me show you what I got for
lunch I started off my lunch purchasing
by going to a place called food in it
which looks like this it's in town it is
super super healthy and super super
delicious I've been there a couple of
times you're Marcus and my sister is up
there inset this little part and it was
like five pounds and you fill it up it's
pretty small for five pounds but I'll
say it's really good quality food the
vegetables the pasta and everything is
delicious and there is so much of it but
the chicken the bones were like this big
and there's like this much chicken on
each one so I was like that's definitely
not going to fill me up that's basically
just vegetables not really much chicken
but there's like loads everything's you
choose some sauce plating like loads of
different things in the pot if you do I
mean then as I was walking to the taxi
rank I saw it sue vanassa Oh sushi I
want sushi so I just run and got this
which is like salmon and more salmon and
stuff and then of course I always get
this which is like chicken something
which is absolutely sure so I kind of
got three lunches but I need to eat a
lot and it's like five o'clock nearly
it's nearly five o'clock it's four 38
and I haven't yet edited the daily vlog
so I need to do that now I'm going to
turn off this camera and take the memory
card and use it edit I'll see you in a
bit I've officially been trying to film
gaming videos for the last like four
hours and have only just finished the
first video so many different
complications it took over an hour to
get the internet working in this room
because it had been that long since I'd
used Internet in this room that it
stopped working and I didn't realize and
basically the first one is now exporting
now dull I don't know what it's going to
go up it might not be going up soon the
time is 25 minutes past 11:00 we've also
tried Eid the whole the entire of the
house the entirety of the house
because Zoe's grandparents and mum
coming over to stay tomorrow Monday and
Tuesday for three days which we really
really nice who've just been a lot of
time tightening with the house what else
have we done we've had dinner so much
different stuff so I'm just planning and
trying to film a load of gaming videos
now normally I'm going to bed around
this kind of time but I think I'm going
to stuff a little bit late today maybe
to like one o'clock or something I'm
filming other videos and then tomorrow
morning I've got to film super early
before they come they're coming at 10:00
and both Zoey and I have to film tour
money before they arrive so yeah I don't
really don't know what to say I just
don't know what to say I've just eaten
one of you guys in Ireland gave me these
and these are like caution extra sour
radioactive and on the front light I
should have should have listened it says
continued consumption within a short
space will place of time will cause
irritation to the mouth and or stomach
radioactive Apple sours there is one
left I've literally had like four in a
row or something I like and I don't know
if you can see but like my tongue is
burnt like literally has no taste buds
left on it it's one o'clock in the
morning and I just nearly finished
editing and the game of idiot that I did
today it has taken me all day from about
five o'clock to film and edit and I've
new finishes in this one gaming video oh
my gosh I tried to film so many videos
but just none of the worked out at all
my internet went playing up and I don't
know I the dishwasher is on these few
little bits here couldn't fit in without
image it tomorrow before everyone
arrives and then put those bits inside
yet man II couldn't check my videos
nearly done my laptop off doesn't honor
okay it is nearly done gaming video
number oh no didn't put that in a dammit
I wish I filmed also earlier I wish I
filmed and eating these things but
I love them so much but I let you out
too said two of them out out of my mouth
Paulie shouldn't be hitting two at once
because it literally doesn't burn my
tongue to pieces it still hurts now
having the office is dangerous you know
it is the first time I've properly used
it since I tidied it all
normally at the moment I learn about
about half-past ten 11 latest and it's
2:00 a.m. I don't even but knowledge bed
yet
but I have finished the gaming video all
right guys I'm all tucked up into bed it
is basically pitch blur Bob just got my
phone light lighting me up Nala was
being way too cute all cuddled up to
Zoey when I go into bed so I didn't take
her down she's gonna sleep with us
tonight all cuddled up in bed I'm gonna
end the vlog now I'm sorry that it
wasn't much of a daily blog again I will
start doing much better vlogs I promise
it's just I don't even have an excuse
for it I filmed everything I did today
the only issues that I spent like seven
hours making one gaming video I can't
wait for this thing to happen that it's
going to make everything easier
you guys don't even understand how good
it's going to be alright I'll catch you
tomorrow give the video thumbs we
enjoyed it good night
