good morning guys today I start my vlog
out in the garden just taking this
little one for the toilet come on hurry
out the time is currently about quarter
to 9:00 in the morning I've got my
person are trying to pick me up in 15
minutes so I just oh there we go she's
doing a poo so I just need to have some
breakfast or just have a shower brush my
teeth and I'm feeling all good and
energized come on
we as well come on we're not playin
Nullah
we're not playing she loves to eat grass
I don't understand why she does it
but she loves to chew glass I'm pretty
I'm like 99% she was for attention but
she doesn't really eat it
fish up bites and chews it and then if
you look away like you don't really
cared then she like stops doing it she's
doing a we walk we walk yes and she's
waiting now she looks at me right dad
why you filming me right she once I get
some breakfast
come on you need your breakfast juice at
breakfast yeah it's a breakfast yeah are
you ready got em come on sit there you
go baby right now I need to have my
breakfast also oh my gosh look all that
mess down there we need to take out to
the bins I know I know I know what's for
breakfast
bunny swim up yes is it indict yes you
did
Wow so I lost so long because that day
the 14th of the third month 14 of
genoveffa marked or March 2016
that's bring me a long time all right
I'm gonna have some oh no all good
Taylor is all good don't worry
you know some porridge ello ello ello
ello hello I've just got back from town
after having a delicious meal at Jamie
Oliver's with my mum had a really nice
lunch I just bought this drink look how
cool it looks
it's like poisoned look at that it's so
caught it's called like charcoal in it
but don't worry as mint tea it is almond
milk choco and protein
very good and then I also just got two
chicken breasts and obviously as you can
see I still haven't got change from
their Jimmy at the gym this morning I
did the chest workout which was where
can I put this in the fridge yeah I did
a chest workout this morning in the gym
which was super super hard let's super
good like it was so good then I'll show
you
I missed the bin I literally took much
in demand on the floor did I show you
guys last night that I am I tidied my
office so right let me close the door
you know before my office how messy it
was you ready did the door didn't turn
look at this and wait now I got the
light working because they're like
wasn't working before so now like I
might have even showed you this
yesterday's video I don't know but look
so now I can stop from gaming videos
again the only thing I need to tidy is
this little box down here
which I'm going to quickly do now and
then it is done and like a film gaming
videos I am so I literally haven't
turned on my iMac like this gaming setup
here this camera or this microphone in
like 6 or 7 weeks did you get a nice
lunch
neither did you a nice lunch good girl
you had a nice lunch
no let's just had lunch yeah don't
really know what else to say except from
I'm having such a good and productive
day I love getting up early and going to
the or like fairly early and going to
the gym that I've been going to the gym
today and yesterday and two days ago at
9 a.m. in the morning my trainer picks
me up which is really good because if
I just get so much more done throughout
the day I don't even have to turn on my
oh there we go
forgot to tell them I'm out there this
is the first time in like five weeks
that I'm actually working from my office
and just edging the new daily vlog and
I've got a little office buddy with me
haven't I
you've got a nice big Treat in your
mouth so cute guys have like good a
little office friend I'm working in my
office and now this chilling with me
this makes me so happy
also I need to trim my beard today this
is getting too long I don't like it I
need to trim it up and shape it guys
look how good these cakes look Zoe just
brought them back I'm gonna have one
sheet what do I vote for what was the
best one what I don't even know what
some of these are I was that for purple
dinner blue boy do I get red velvet
chocolate do you think the red velvet is
such a safe bet
did you lose again no I'm glad they're
Oreos I think we're gonna go red velvet
that you know I'm gonna go here hi guys
it is time to put Nala to bed you ready
to get to bed baby can you hear her
she's at oh no no no buggy noises no
buggy noises yet like we're making I
don't even know what I filmed today I'm
just tucked up into bed and I just
realized that I haven't really feel much
today like I literally barely come to
anything so and I've just finished a
meeting at 9:00 p.m. we finished our
last meeting today take this headband
these headbands give me a headache
because my head is so big and they're so
I don't think they're designed for like
21 year old boys then let's squeeze my
head got a little bar cashew cookie
naked bar and they only have two
ingredients 51% cashews 49% dates that's
it that's the whole bar so that is super
healthy Wow or obviously boot
wheat and dairy free anyways because
I've been affirmed anything today guys
and I don't really want to give you no
vlog because that would just be boring
you know half the daily blog but I've
just had a busy busy day of meetings and
stuff so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to tweet now saying send me would
you or would you Varga or would you
offer
send me a would you rather question
because I've done a few q and A's
recently don't mean II wonder TNA so
send me a would you brought up the
question and I'll answer some of them in
this video would you rather eat a
tablespoon full of golden syrup or
Marmite 100% golden syrup like golden
syrup is just like honey it is delicious
Marmite is delicious but it is like the
strongest thing in the world I cannot
eat a tablespoon full of Marmite Nutella
or Oreos oh that's a hard one I'm gonna
go over Nutella because Nutella on toast
like warm Nutella on toast you can't be
dead also my camera always looks yellow
I think it's because of that light up
there is quite yellowy always like just
change their vote god bless really now I
don't even know would you rather eat dog
poo or cat pee or I can't imagine
drinking more actually food could be
warm as well
probably cat we and I just take it like
a shot and just like you swallow it gone
don't have to chew it would you ever
shave your head or shave your eyebrows I
would probably rather shave my head
because shaving my eyebrows I feel like
I look more strange than if I just had
no hair I just have no eyebrows I feel
like it stand out more and then if I
just had no hair I am sleepy wow this is
an interesting one this is really really
hard actually
would you rather right listen to this
one guys and I want you to comment down
below saying what you would do in this
situation as well would you rather lose
all your old memories or never be able
to create new ones
I'm gonna say because I'm 21 I would
hope that I've got more of my life ahead
of me than I have behind me so I'm gonna
say lose all my previous memories and
making new ones would you say so would
you rather lose all your old memories or
never be able to create new ones those
old ones
yeah that's why I said so your old
memories and things you remember is what
makes you who you are if you forgot them
would you even like what I don't know
that's hard that's that's really I'd let
me know what you didn't comments would
you offer favorite this tree or favorite
this tweet there we go I just baby did
your tweet
would you rather date Emma Watson or
Mary Taylor Swift I'm gonna go with Mary
Taylor Swift would you rather be a slug
or a goat I mean I wouldn't really want
to be a slug or a goat but I'm gonna say
a goat because you can't get trod on and
I feel like you're in a farm or
something at least you looked after if
you're a slug
nobody has slug farms so you're not
gonna get looked after well and someone
could just tread on you or you're just
like then pour salt on you or they're
pretty slow so if it started raining or
something and take your blooming ages to
get under cover rather than the goat can
just like run inside would you other
chips or pancakes I mean that isn't it
really would you rather question that's
more void you deferred chips or pancakes
chips and gravy sauce no not gravy
without chips and gravy is delicious but
chips and curry sauce is like the best
thing ever life you've never had that
you're missing out oh my gosh low but
poutine poutine
is unbelievable I'm gonna go poutine
chips okay like one last one and then
I'm gonna fall asleep would you rather
have a dog the size of a bear or the
bear or a bear the size of a goldfish
nyla the size of a bear would just be
crazy like she would cause so much havoc
and imagine me trying to put her to bed
at night so definitely not that but a
bear the size of a goldfish that would
be
I would please can somebody invent that
I will buy that that will be the first
owner of a bear the size of the goldfish
that'd be sick I hope you enjoyed this
video I'm sorry that it wasn't much of a
daily vlog I just got super super busy
today and caught up doing lots of
meetings and stuff so I just thought I'd
do this instead to make sure that you
still have a video for the day I'm now
gonna eat my bar seems often sponsored
by this I'm not I'm just genuinely
excited to try this bar because it only
has two products in it now that's crazy
though is that even how is that gonna be
yummy
also if you're wondering what the answer
of the movie of of evil of yesterday's
riddle was the riddle was never 30 cows
and 28 chickens
how many didn't so it's like 28 is in a
crop not the number so there were 30
cows and 20 of those cows eight chickens
how many didn't yes so the answer was
ten if you're wondering that literally
annoyed me so much let me know the
Converse have we got it or if that if I
just finally revealed the answer to you
and what you think of it I'm gonna let
you sleep now because I need to sleep
and I'll catch you tomorrow get the
video thumbs to be enjoyed at night
