morning guys I am currently in Nando's
Morgan I've been to the gym that is runs
on my blog so late just lunchtime if you
guys never ever had one of these before
fernando's you're missing out these are
the these are the ones one certainly put
it down it's basically some time to cut
fizzy drinks out at the moment so I
basically have this I think it's for the
kids
it says Nandini oz which is for children
but we'll ignore that I got the world's
biggest salad and halloumi as well got
to have the halloumi and then also got
more chicken thighs and some chips
Morgan loves his jibs every time we done
I made Morgan get double-double very
very chips have you ever finished all
your chips oh yeah you just eat the bowl
so basically yesterday Morgan message to
be saying if it's nice when it's more
which is meant to be can we take the
segue down to the beach we come into
town we don't bring the Segway things
because it was bad weather and now it's
lovely weather and we don't have them
with us which is hey da I am now your
honor you're fond of YouTube yeah Wow
I'm back from Nando's now and I've just
edited the daily vlog it's just saving
now it is saved 23% 24% 25%
it's just exporting now ready to go up
the time is currently half past 3:00 in
the afternoon and I am so tired like
boss editing that village then I fell
asleep three times like only for a
couple of minutes each time but I
literally fell asleep three times was
editing that daily but that doesn't
normally happen I don't know whether
it's because I worked out my legs today
in the gym which is like such a big
muscle group I don't know if that makes
a difference or not but I'm just
absolutely knackered I think I might
just set an alarm for at like four
o'clock so like 35 minute nap like a
quick little power nap there we go
5 minutes to 4 and 5 minutes past four
just in case I skip it because I'm
somebody that I always wake up I wake up
in the morning I set like my lumps for
like 8:30 and there's some times I wake
up like 9 and I'm like what my knob sync
off and I checked them and that they did
I just turned every single one of them
off alarm sleep I just turned it off
without even realising so I always have
to set multiple alarms of was I just end
up turning them off and forgetting
there's it the two things that happen to
me I either wake up feeling really
energetic after like half an hour nap
and I'm perfect and it did the job or I
skipped my lawns and I wake up two hours
later and I feel horrible like I feel so
tired and so drained and just not good
so I very very rarely nap because of
this is very risky thing for me to do
sounds silly but honestly sometimes I
wake up and I just can't do anything for
the rest of the day because I'm just
like yeah but I think today is going to
be a good day I think I'm just gonna
have a quick half an hour and I'll wake
up feeling refreshed hi I've woken up
from my nap I kind of overslept a lot
but I'm feeling okay I felt a bit like
tired and drained for a while but now
feeling better Zoey's just having dinner
next to me I have got gloves on I've
just got a little shorts on because it
is so humid today and it also got chat
on the phone
Jala and right so different watching
that video Facebook of this riddle
I literally no not yet
I did it I couldn't work out the answer
for like how long jack and jack half an
hour I don't think you would have ever
got it I didn't tell you I never would
have got the answer and Jay told me the
answer so I want to see if Zoe can get
the riddle like Jay Jay Utah Zoe No hey
Barry Carol yeah 28 chicken yeah how
many did none
you mean none there's no didn't earth
there's 30 cows yeah 28 chickens
hmm how many did it didn't what Oh would
you mean not said how many didn't yeah
that's 30 cows didn't walk 28 chickens -
how many did it I did I - no I don't
know what you mean
there's 30 cow yeah you said back yeah
28 chickens yeah how many didn't how
many didn't
what does didn't mean what I don't know
think about what you're saying you just
said it say it really slowly guys
comment down below if you get it as well
there's 30 cows yeah
28 chickens yeah I don't know how many
didn't didn't know what you mean didn't
walk okay you didn't know either
laughing at me I literally good workout
with so longer than J told me I don't
know I give up
tell me so once more it is like there's
30 cows yes and 28 chickens yeah there
we go
how many did it none yeah annoyed me so
much enjoy and tell me for ages but I'm
gonna tell there's only now the answer
and you guys have to try and comment
down
comment down below the answer don't tell
each other why the answer is what it is
just comment down below and if you still
don't know I'll tell you in torez video
okay what is it them at you know I kind
of don't want to tell you tell me I'll
just google it okay I'm gonna tell you
on camera but I'm gonna mute myself so
that they don't know oh because I want
to film your reaction okay that's really
annoying how good's that that's right
you didn't get far hop now as I che tell
me it he's on Facebook like no I don't
want to tell you I'm like J literally
I'm gonna headbutt the wall tell me
hello baby head
hello hello what are you doing you come
over
ah just pinched my skin ow
so you're coming for a cuddle now so my
last clip was in this bed I've actually
just been out for dinner but I just
didn't bother filming any because I was
with my friend Holly and we'd spend a
nice time just catching up
someone's just texted who was that my
mum yes I didn't really film any of that
because we're just on a nice time
catching up and we both went to zzs for
dinner at Brighton Marina but because I
agreed to meet his OE dinner tonight I
made her dinner and then I was like I
don't know what to have myself there
wasn't anything in the fridge I want to
go out for dinner so he do want to come
but she had just eaten so she stays and
chilled and watch some videos and
planned some stuff and cuddled Nala and
things so I rang up Holly in Villa Holly
what are you doing let's go for dinner
so mean Holly over dinner super super
nice and now just come home to find this
one a sleeper Zoe in bed she's literally
being so cute like I know she's hard
work sometimes and I'm not gonna lie
like you may see her being like super
cute with her time in videos but she is
a lot of work like she is still a puppy
or she's in like the teenage stage like
she's nine and a half months old I want
to say now
I think she's nine and a half maybe ten
which is still very very young so she's
at a very difficult age daughter she
doesn't have any accidents inside but
she just likes to chase flies and chase
birds and bark other dogs and stuff like
that so she's still being trained which
is a lot of work but super super good
but it's times like this when I just get
into into bed at night and she's just so
I mean cute and cuddly and I'm just like
this is all worth it this this is what I
want a dog because she is just awesome
oh also I tidied my office downstairs
earlier while such waiting for Holly to
come over because when I right now she
was I'm just getting at the shower so
I'm going to be like half an hour and so
sorry that's half an hour to really work
hard and tidy my office and I've
literally got like one small box or it's
not a pluming small is it a one box left
a tidy and then my office even
downstairs it's completely tidy and all
done so gaming
so gaming videos will be
back soon I'm going to try and free film
a load and summing including some
tomorrow for you guys to enjoy and and
sims and everything will be back
basically the office Ihram is where I
feel my gaming videos my gaming setup is
there my microphone my gaming camera and
my gaming computer and stuff like that
so so when it was so busy that I
couldn't access that room like I
literally couldn't use it because the
room was so messy I couldn't film any
gaming videos and that's why I haven't
uploaded like a month and I know I
should have just tidied it before I know
and it's finally done which is good so
I'm going to try and free film and
loading ever videos tomorrow and then
maybe over the weekend like Saturday or
something that comes from some sims
videos rizzo need to go up which is
exciting I really really want to get
back into that series because I was
enjoying it and I just got back into it
and then we let it slip again so we're
going to try and get straight back into
sims on a play some agario which is a
really cool game I want to play some
maybe some minecraft or something and
just some stupid little games if there's
anything in particular you want me to
play leave a comment down below and let
me know what games you want to play but
yeah that is it I'm so excited like I'm
not just saying I'm genuinely so excited
to get back into gaming videos again
because I've really really missed it I
loved my gaming videos and I used to do
like up to five a week so I'm going to
sort of just want to do by the odd few
maybe like three a week or something and
then my eighth month that income I write
my own era
my aim is eventually to do Monday to
Friday every single week gaming videos
or even 7 days a week like imagine if I
did and they leave they'll get me down
this channel or so I have to keep on
switching arms come arms thanks so much
magic wanted a daily vlog every down
this channel and they gave me a video
every down my gaming channel that would
be insane I'd love it but it's a lot of
a lot of time so yeah but soon once that
thing happens that allows me to make
more consistent videos I'm sure
things like gaming videos everyday will
be possible and it's not long now - you
guys can find out and see what what that
thing is but yeah anyways anyways
anyways I'm going to end the vlog now
because the time is currently 20 minutes
past 11:00 at night I need to put this
little sleepy sausage to bed take her
out for a week and maybe tidy up the
last little bit of my office and then
also go thinking what is that on your
t-shirt here and I know that's the label
yeah see those two marks I kind of
instantly with my starter's bill cheese
down myself in those eases literally the
first bit of bread I dipped into the
streets a month then I look to my plate
because I saw it dripping I was like
landed on my plate and then it landed on
my table so if you think my you are in a
dirty t-shirt it's because it literally
just happened to the restaurant anyways
I'm gonna end the vlog now sorry for
rambling so much in this last clip if
you enjoyed today's video
I don't even know what I didn't know
literally don't even know what I did
then give it a big ol thumbs up I think
I just ate most of this video 18 Nando's
anyways anyways I'm going to sleep give
the video thumbs it let's see how many
we can get and I'll catch you tomorrow
with a brand new video does that look
weird on YouTube we're doing this just
touching my lens anyways I'll see
tomorrow good night
