good morning guys now it is not the
morning as usual my hair is also wet so
it looks altra Slick Rick today I've
just got out of the shower and then
we'll dressed already this morning I got
up super early I got up at like
half-past eight which is quite early for
me normally a couple like nine o'clock
actually no that's liable looking up
like 8:30 recently and and I got Nardo
up you have a breakfast to go out to the
toilet I feel like I need to explain
what I've done this morning because it's
currently what is the time Monica it how
is it 1 o'clock
I haven't had lunch yet but I'm about to
cut lunch and then I had breakfast in
bed this is my bowl to provide breakfast
because I never eat breakfast I'd some
porridge with honey or maple maple syrup
golden syrup what's the difference
golden syrup porridge with golden syrup
and then I edited and uploaded the daily
vlog ready for tonight which is all good
now
Zoe and I off for a meeting but we're
going to rather I can't even speak can't
even speak but we're going to go for
lunch first with poppy who's in Brighton
and my mum so let's go or lunch my
Morgan like this I don't know you guys
think that I just buy weird rubbish
gadgets Zoe bought this the other an
exercise hula-hoop ready on really used
it 7 pounds from Tiger he's dead like
twice no yeah I have I Lansing this job
no but because it's weighted it's so
much easier to do it hurts my hip oh
yeah
why look how crazy knowledge going it's
good you put on about three pop come on
try this can you do this I bet you can
do this one not honestly it's so much
easier because it's weighted oh
broke to the second
is just maybe hips around in the circle
papa
yeah yeah it's getting pretty quick you
do it okay Sarris turn and then pose
yeah you are knowledge tan there's so
much easier do you enjoy it seven pounds
works been good exercise though it's fun
oh thank you
try and try and like Laura and then
bring it back up you know people like
slow it down and then they like bring it
back go go go bring it back bring it
back yeah now around the neck
big old pub lunch mmm
finish lunch women out mum and dads and
this guy is blame of his toys and then
hide behind that door seriously no wait
you guys do it what door you hiding
behind oh that door see where's Sammy
come hey mommy he's not doing it let me
try let me try the carton let me try
daddy
good you're too slow again pop you're
joking you can see you right my turn yup
see through there
literally you didn't even turn round for
like five minutes right my turn you hold
this wait go down yeah that's often day
ready okay
where is he gone he gone happy please
let go Ralphie well we've got taxi
outside bye guys we got a taxi - I've
been waiting outside so you're not
coming with us you're not coming Zoe's
hoola-hoop shop she loves it in there
I do actually really like that shop you
know that thing that I said the super
super exciting is going to aid my videos
to be more regular and better content we
just went and worked a little bit on
that thing which is super exciting I
think it is literally apparently a week
from tomorrow until it's until I can
tell you guys I think it is a week
tomorrow something like that but we're
now going to go get some food me pop and
Zoey mum is at home with buzz that's
like my body is now six-pack
what yet but soon personal trainer right
where we gonna go get food let's only
going so he keeps on doing this thing up
you realize pop just pretending oh
really
yeah pop is just come though is just
constantly pretending to be hey what's
her name from Gavin and Stacey yeah
right where we actually go in Jamie
Oliver's sushi is easy Nando's where
where where where so normally I end up
ordering the biggest plan in the world
we wanted to give it a bit more simple
today because they're not as hungry so I
just got a little meat one to start by
myself and probably got a little
vegetarian one this Bobby is vegetarian
as of how long ago one month
I'm a pescetarian fish heavy hands oh
it's got some little nachos yeah papi is
got naki what is the purple on that it
looks so happy we're come to look at
that
normally purple cabbage and then Zoey's
got pasta we have 3 G's pasta and here
is my superfood salmon salad look how
delicious that looks
oh my gosh
wrote something
and we've finished dinner that was
delicious
see this chap here he does like ghost
tours around Brighton see like takes you
to all the scariest locations and tells
you like facts and scary things I've
never actually done it but if you would
you guys do a ghost tour yeah would you
know what about a ghost tour in our
house no may tell you that the facts of
that at your house is pretty modern if I
have anything scary
mum and dad's house if you never sleep
again Camilla greatly fun I think we
should go into ghosts actually I went on
a sewer to once in Brighton journalist
oh yeah no we're not horned it just
assumed adore and like be in serious
like I think identify war gas masks or
not it was like a proper thing they did
and you could just see like being Syrian
who just like a water
I don't know what I did it was cool like
go everywhere so you started off and hey
how you doing yeah you started off like
just over there by the seafront and then
you came out of a tunnel over by the
pavilion but you walked a long distance
and then cane up came up like around a
manhole
or like pooi sewers it was cool I don't
I don't even know I think I did it with
my friend a awesome tour pooey tour
and so that's jumping a taxi now Bobby
is heading back to London to go home and
Zoey and I are going to go back and I
think we're gonna turn Oliver walk our
custom like music hey hey she ready
there youtubers me you would not do T or
this guy
he's caught he's got the same house
marker it's got little trilby
oh boy look how cool this tax years you
know the horror experience thing that
we've done what if we done it two years
in a row two years in a row now Tully's
farm we really really want to go back
this year and we're talking about it now
because we're trying to make four become
and she's are you gonna be sad what have
you seen the videos now I don't think
you realize how scary is it so I think
it doesn't feel like terrifying smoke I
think what it is is that you're so
filled up and like adrenaline and
there's so many of us there that it's
like it's like a challenge or like let's
do it no you won't you won't trust me
you I it's sick though it's so good
alright guys I've just gotten sucked up
into bed and I'm gonna fall asleep any
minute
oh my gosh the time is 10 minutes to 11
which is super on with the terminal you
go to bed like 3:00 a.m. every single
night is thermal computer downstairs for
at 2 a.m.
was this as weeks ago I'm like sideways
there we go
and I've got my trainer personal trainer
picking me up tomorrow morning between
nine and half nine so that is why I'm
willing to have an early night and just
go to sleep so if you enjoyed the video
I know it's a bit of a random one had a
mismatch of things had a couple of
meetings as always we can film things I
will get you to model with a brand new
daily vlog do we know what we don't
tomorrow or one thing actually my friend
Morgan messaged me today on Facebook
said that it's meant to be sunny
tomorrow and if we can go on my Segway
things my hoverboard things along the
beach together so it's sunny and then I
may do that but I don't know anyways
I'll catch you tomorrow
thank you so much watching guys I love
you so much and I'll see you then
good night
