good morning guys oh yeah I don't know
it is seven minutes to 9:00 in the
morning and I'm wide awake I've got my
personal trainer in 37 minutes that is
why I'm awake so early and so like but
in Zoey and I've just been planning what
we doing today
Zoey's in the bath upstairs and that is
about it but now I'm all sweaty and
horrible from the gym and then I'm
taking you into the shower
don't don't really want you guys in the
shower with me right you you wait out
here okay um I'm gonna go for a shower I
don't even know what I'm doing with my
life I'm weird
hi guys I'm back from the gym and oh my
gosh I'm absolutely knackered it just
has a shower and everything but I've got
a super super exciting day so basically
chopper chubs got in touch because
they've got a campaign at the moment
going on called airhead challenge and
they've challenged me to have an airhead
moment these are their airhead sweets
look how many packets they sent me they
sent me so many do you enjoy them now
laughs do you like them chewing some yes
it smell good don't they look at her she
can smell them all do you want some
it's the aim of my airhead challenge
basically I thought what is the best
place that I can have an airhead moment
and straight away one place came to mind
and that is err hop and that isn't
because it sounds the same that's
because it's an awesome place just it is
amazing so what I've done is I booked a
car to take myself and my friend max to
air hop which I hope if you don't know
what it is if you haven't seen the blog
I did a blogger there actually and it
got like 2 million views or something
when I went with Jamie Oliver and Louie
as well it is basically an indoor
trampoline in place where you can do
like dodgeball and basketball and
everything it is sick so we're gonna go
there Nala you love these don't you look
at her so we're going to go there for
the challenge to have our head momen and
i think it's going to be good it's going
to be really really fun day I haven't
been since I think I've only been to
that place once now actually
actually I've been twice because I'm one
for my friends and once we Jamie Oliver
and so I must have done two blogs there
before but look at her just what to be
open these sweets do you want one
you're not allowed one they're not her
doggy look at ah she's like sitting down
waiting oh I'm sorry
alright while so I've got my sweets I'll
give you a sweet bu Nala okay here you
go okay calm down
there you go what is that that's yummy
isn't there so anyways guys I've got to
get 100% ready to go because we are
literally leaving in like 15 minutes or
something and I haven't had lunch yet at
the moment in the oven
come on let's go in here good girl come
then come on at the moment in here
I've just got cooking out I've got five
minutes 50 seconds left a massive feast
Oh every time I do that I open the oven
and then it just goes whoosh and that
burns my face
we've got like I don't know if you can
see like a hog roast massive piece of
meat and my lunch is served
it's a hog roast apparently just a big
bit of meat Oh gross the lunch as you do
ah gross
we are here
are you ready max ready to bounce last
time I came there's like ten people here
now it's like a busier place we try a
while
ready here we go I'm going to try to see
drop bomb flip okay in the perennial
little thing down here this is going to
fail
sounded pretty close max you said
everybody yes
boy that was better than mine yes
as if it couldn't
heyo
I am so hot I'm like dying I'm sweating
more then I wasn't the gym early this
morning
that
yo
ah
okay not as good at basketball as I
thought it was max also lost a ball down
the back of their Joey to throw one in
yeah
wait that was just that was good ready
yes No
right we on the way back from there hop
as super super get it was so tiring my
when I was young guy he showed to
Tripoli I might jump around and be
energetic for like three or four hours
without even thinking about it
now we're going travelling for five
minutes and I'm instantly tired so we're
just I'm able to now
hi I am back home and I am knackered oh
my gosh today has been activity after
activity but that challenge was super
super fun I'm so glad I took PI there
because that was just awesome I love
that indoor trampoline in place I need
to get up and I need to go and see what
has happened in downstairs because all I
can hear is always singing away she is
absolutely blasting out enemies look at
my hair a very pale today my tans gone
bow-bow
well my eyes look compared to yours why
not blue that's I'm just writing um some
schedule stuff what's get stuff for my
blog that's good you got a lot right
down there mm-hmm
I would show you guys but I don't want
to show you what well she's got band I'm
not launching my plot Molly's already
licking my feet be like why are you
doing blog stuff you haven't blood since
November that is why because though is
relaunch in her blog it's just being
designed right now it's cool is that
we've seen some designers exciting yes
very exciting really cool alright what
we do for dinner it's your choice how
these guys what happens on Tuesday
hey Tuesday all Tuesday is takeaway
Tuesday unless of course we're busy on a
Tuesday that we have to make the
exception of changing it to a different
day so we've got a new thing basically
guys it's called take away Tuesday
because every Tuesday and we don't
normally have like some people do date
night every week but sometimes we don't
have the time to like get all night like
we don't spend enough like copper Li
time together because we just end up
doing all our work and stuff in the
evening and if we're not doing what
we're talking about what exactly so on
Tuesdays from now on we have take away
Tuesday oh and we'll also only love take
away some choose one night one night
week the aim was for us to spend more
quality couple time less take away ways
so you have one night would take away
Tuesday and we take intense
Tuesdays Alfie's turn those I've got a
mullet what's going to do so Alfie gets
to choose what we have for a takeaway
because it's my turn tonight mm-hmm and
their next turn and then next week of
you my turn yeah and you also get to
pick a film and it can be anything you
want and I have to watch it with you
yeah tomorrow are you joining a good
pitch Human Centipede and I would have
to watch that with me we're not going to
watch that one today I know I posted a
picture of all the different what sure
wherever was like here why do you have
vowels like it's not mine someone what
if me as a joke for Christmas never
watched it I don't I really really
wanted to but it's not out yeah I really
want to see minions minions minions
minions minions I just want to see it so
bad well one of you guys come to the
cinema and see with me because o is not
as fast right say there let me use your
hair as a tripod you have to stay still
pretty sure that's not going to work
it will okay it's not gonna work unless
I do this hey hey guys yeah so I need to
go and pick a film and then I also need
to pick a take away what take away do
you want it's not up to me you have a
hit and I have to eat it and I have to
also watch this I'm gonna kill you good
knowledge like me P so what did you turn
forward to joining the family hug it is
movie choice time and we have just
ordered some pizzas I ordered one like
pesto and stuff as healthy as I could
possibly get but I don't know what film
to choose from because it's my choosing
time sorry about these lights again guys
between pull Horrible Bosses or wreck-it
Ralph so I've just tweeted now asking
you guys to help me decide and it is
literally so even record well wreck-it
Ralph pull Horrible Bosses all bosses
Horrible Bosses wreck-it Ralph wreck-it
Ralph wreck-it Ralph Paul I literally
don't know what to choose
and Zoe won't help me because she hasn't
gone input because it's my choice this
week
you have to do is pick a film you want
to watch you can't because if you're not
watching a cartoon but I've seen
wreck-it Ralph
I wonder what minions
minions my god even say it yes is a
onion mini on oh yeah um I think we
might watch wreck-it Ralph I think right
we're gonna watch film now we're gonna
eat some pizza and I'll catch you later
on once I'm in bed I wasn't going to
vlog until I get into bed but look how
good this food looks look at that meat
box and we're about to watch wreck-it
Ralph wreck-it Ralph is now over and
none of his Nonna's was too steep she's
not fast asleep she was asleep
Luca alright look at her she can't even
keep her eyes open
yeah that's like she looks drunk oh wait
oh sorry baby
she's so cute
sorry about the background music it's
just that thing alright guys I am just
about to do my teeth and get into bed
Zoe as Dan says choosing another film to
watch because we enjoyed watching that
movie so much my movies quite American
say we enjoy watching that is movie
American to say Zoe
yep movie yeah what time have you got
what is that say this is film called
serendipity yeah and it's a girl looks
like that film but a Christmas film
look how old-school that looks it's
amazing it's about it's amazing you just
got it out of the packaging if I see it
before why do I say stuff like out of
out of the package in anyways guys I'm
gonna end the vlog now because it's got
loads of New York Annette is a Christmas
film and it's July so okay I may fall
asleep is that okay well I kind of need
fall asleep anyway which is fine this
one why do you look so green I know
weird light into my camera yes on the
right setting anyways guys if you
enjoyed that chopper chubs airhead
challenge the video the challenge that
chopper jobs have challenged me
basically going to air hot and having a
crazy fun time and yeah I thought it's
really cool I thought was a good
challenge I loved it I want to go back I
want to do another challenge that is it
Zoe thinks I'm watching this movie of
her now but I'm gonna fall asleep I'll
catch you tomorrow good night slow
motion
