she's jumping into a super exciting
color yeah so you know I'm booking this
surprise trip my friends I spoke about
my life here the other day this is a
tourism board that I'm on the phone to
who are hopefully fingers costs gonna be
able to help out make the trip like
extra special for them I still can't
tell you which country I'm going to I
don't even have them definitely get it
going I want to go to this country I
couldn't to make sure other we've got
some really really cool stuff to do one
we're there and my friends won't know
until we get to the airport which
country were going to so it's just
reminded me do you remember a while ago
though and I went to a place in Lewes
and we wore let me show you let me go
and get we've got this front here
well that wasn't as big as it is now and
the woman told us that sometimes the
little wobbly bits like this one here
fall off and you just drop them back in
the top and it will grow a new arms each
one of these two these little bits fall
off or the arms drop it back on the top
and it will just grow a new one and that
has definitely worked because this is
like triple the size when we bought it
however she also said that you can't
just get these little bits put them in
some soil with water and it will just
grow a new plant this is straight-up
grown out of some of these oh wow look
is even little bits and boots never you
think growing out of them should you
want some cool plants your house yeah
you should take some look look at that
that I've grown yeah did you know my
dad's just started growing like being
serious
like just pennon not marijuana when I
went to his the other day he was like
look what I've got as I know you done
sea monkeys he's my dad's got some sea
monkeys how weird is that like I don't
even know but I've not seen some of them
since I was like 10 catch in a minute
haven't even father said good morning
yeah good morning guys how you doing
hope you were having a lovely day it's
currently half past four in the
afternoon my ulcer is like worse than
ever
honestly I need to come by someone
gellar on this piece of paper here I've
got designs
for my new company logo you cannot even
tell you how excited I am but success
turning meeting as I've been telling you
recently for a while now I'm setting up
a new company I'll be able to fully
speak about it soon like what it is what
it does
who's involved everything but it's like
the biggest project I've ever worked on
in my life now this is really really
cool this is really really insane and on
these bits maybe here I've got two
pieces of paper over at the office today
we've been having internal meetings
we've got our in-house designer she's
designed one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
different logo designs for the new
company we've been trying to buy domains
today for the website we've been like
sorting everything out so the team has
been having internal like super super
small we printed up the twelve designs
on one his vapor with each he'd are
pieces of paper and circled our three
favorites in order from number one to
number three but I thought what would be
more fun would be to also get the suggs
involved as well and see which ones are
their favorites so we're literally
picking but this is crazy this is kind
of stuff that I'm gonna look back on in
the future and be like I'm so glad a day
you've logged on him but cameras running
out of memory this is the kind of stuff
where I'm gonna look back on it and be
like blur my neck my company that now
has I don't know 30 employees we
literally designed that logo and I can
watch the vlog of us like choosing that
actually like how different everything
could have been if we chose a different
logo for example so today's a big day
today's I'm blooming exciting day I
think the sucks had just finished their
meeting now they were just finishing
when I went to walk in and also nearly
interrupted and I've left again they
don't know about this let's see what
they're saying see you later
farewell thanks for filling out the
survey heading back to the office Joe
literally came down in a car this
morning so your todays vlog has been all
over oh no not not not that dad nearly
locked does not con him speak nearly
locked Nala Rao I'm sorry Missy what are
you doing in the garden coming in let's
go inside
let's go inside get your treat yeah I
bet you that'll get you in so minute
today's vlog has been all over the place
I apologize is there's no proper like
flow some steady of what I'm up to and
what I'm doing it's just like I'm doing
this now I'm doing this now I'm doing
this now currently got some Marmite
crisps and some cookies I'm taking back
to the office with me to crack on with
some work hello
we've got quiz feedback and cookies and
that's it
five minutes past 6:00 in the evening I
can't wait to just start telling you
guys about the new company and
everything we're working on and that
we're doing just working in like a whole
new way just I want to stop talking
about it
oh actually this one thing that I should
talk about just clearing up Joe's lunch
that you left on the side cheers mate
there's one thing that I should actually
sit down and have a chat with you guys
about because I didn't explain it in
yesterday's video and I've been reading
my comments as I do every single day on
the new vlog and so really if you will
say Alfie yesterday's video you didn't
explain who's flat you were at what you
were doing why are you building a bed
why were you building a side you now
completely forgot it's my bad it's my
bad I didn't purposely do that I want to
be more open in these vlogs trivia keep
on saying this at the moment right let's
go back to the beginning to bigger
picture so obviously it's public that
youtubers can and do and a very very
good income and it's kind of a bit
obvious now like at first when people
started like only good money and it was
in the press and whatever I did
interviews people were like how much
money to earn and I was like that's a
really good question how much money do
you earn I don't ask you so don't ask me
do you wash your doctor there you know
do you ask your teacher they you don't
it's kind of calm past that which I'm
really really glad about like it's a bit
obvious just take someone like Zoey for
example so she has 12 million
subscribers on her YouTube channel
something like 11 million followers on
Twitter twelve million followers or
something on Instagram like all of these
platforms are like monetized and you
earn
from as well as ridiculous amount of
products in superdrug but that's insane
best-selling books she's got the world
record for the fastest selling debut
novel in the world like she has sold
like over a million books or something
ridiculous
so whereas it used to be really really
exciting and like big news that YouTube
has earned good money it's kind of not
really like that big news all really
exciting anymore
and often one thing that I do get quite
a lot on YouTube and over the next
couple of months and stuff it's going to
be much much more open within the vlogs
about things that I do one thing that I
do because quite often I get people
saying like you know how people is or
ball for your garden
you've waste all your money like people
don't have a clue what I do with my
money but I'm winning and I'm gonna
start being more and more open and one
thing that I do pretty heavily and I
want you guys to know about and I want
it to be like no blogs this just vault
my life it is about my life and I'm
willing to put that out there online now
is that is that I invest quite heavily
in property so I own quite a few
properties and I rent them out I'm a
landlord to quite a few different
properties so just like I don't know my
friend chain rents a flat in London or
my friend Holly rents a flat and bright
and his stuff I own quite a few
properties that are bought over the
years and I'm a landlord to people and I
will not obviously I don't like meet
them and to all of that kind of stuff I
have people to do that for me but I work
with a mortgage broker and I get
different mortgages and then I get
different stars of tenens wherever one
short-term long-term let Airbnb or I
haven't got an air B&B but that kind of
vibe do you know I mean so that's just
one thing one example why Todd actually
I told you guys another example recently
as well where I told you that recently
and that went through like this week I
purchased a would like a woodland like a
forest invested some money and I bought
a forest which is getting really really
cool and I'm excited to go there in the
videos and take my family there and go
for dogs walk dog walks there and stuff
like that but I just wanted to clear up
because I didn't really explain yourself
where it was I was at one of the flats
that I owned and we were building all of
the furniture which pop he had picked
online and we'd like all chosen to make
the flat look as nice as possible to
rent out to people so yeah
that's doing that's one thing that I do
that you guys might not know about
because if you don't watch often and you
don't know me personally you might just
see me as being like a 24 year old guy
that spends all his money on sore balls
and messes about does stupid things I
kind of see my life as being like a
puzzle and there's like lots of
different sides of me like different
pieces of me and you guys see though
it's like some of those pieces
incredibly detailed like my family my
friends my work quite a lot of my
personal life with being like buying
gadgets and doing stuff and playing
PlayStation and playing with my dog what
food I eat and everything like that but
you guys don't see like my work life
there isn't YouTube too much and that is
a big part of my life but I'm gonna
bring you on a journey we're gonna start
involving it in the vlogs let me know if
there's something that will interest you
it might interest maybe my slightly
older audience which actually not that
interest in fact eighty-three percent of
my audience of the people that watch
these videos are over 18 how crazy is
that
so you might actually interest more
people than what I thought anyways I'm
gonna do it because that's what
passionate about now something that I
want to bring you guys and bring into
the vlogs no I'm not talking like boring
vlogs on investing and percentages and
numbers and mortgages and stamp duty and
paying rent and stuff I'm just talking
about letting you guys know what's going
on as it's going on in my life in parts
or in areas of my life that I don't
often film but I'm gonna start I'm gonna
try and play some PlayStation and
hopefully this game that I started
downloading last night a fortnight
battle royale you would have will have
downloaded there feels like it's like
10:00 p.m. in the evening because I
never just sit down to play games so in
my head it's like when I was younger I
used to game it used to be literally
when everyone else had gone to bed it's
currently quarter past 8:00 in the
evening I've just played four games or
battle royale and the best place that
I've positioned so far if you play if
you know the game is sick which isn't
too bad
like I'm not very good at being able to
build when I'm panicking from being shot
to switch over to building and then
change into the right kind of build
style and then going back to the right
gun like still getting used to that a
little bit
looking up my dinner I've just been
chopping this chicken for ages and here
I had like six chicken pieces and two of
them out of eight smell really not
really a little bit eggy
so I've thrown those two away but now
I've got six left in here after no over
to eat them or whether I should use a
lot riskier this hello world in
literally like two or three days and the
last thing I want is food poisoning
during how the world but if I don't need
this then I don't know I'm gonna have
for dinner what I've got that is peas
and quinoa I'm gonna need any chicken
nothing to put my god I can have my
patience Python it went from fresh
organic chicken - chicken super noodles
however still delicious
Oh Anki more as well so I finished in a
back playing for tonight battle royale
but I've just gone on Twitter to see Joe
is obviously told people to tweet me or
got two new tweets there we go tweet me
a screenshot of his bloody big toe in
his vlog what is going on look at that
this is ridiculous hey hello world you
haven't got your tickets guys links down
below
go get it tickets literally this weekend
look at all of this just doesn't stop
and I spent literally the rest of the
evening playing for tonight
battle royale in bed and then just fell
asleep
I've got it in the vlog vlog was pretty
chatty one today chatty one chatty one
so I'm quite energetic the vlog was
quite a chatty one I hope you enjoyed it
big love to everybody who's already
given the video a thumbs up it means a
lot if you've already subscribed thank
you as well
link down below to my merchandise -
hello are tickets as well if you want to
come even though it's literally this
weekend so if you do want to come go be
quick and that's about it I catch you
tomorrow guys today it's been a good day
for me so get excited for tomorrow's
vlog I'll see you then good night
