good morning guys is not the morning I'm
getting back into the habit of not
starting these folks until lunchtime
it is currently five minutes to one buy
it so far all I've done today is edit
and upload the daily vlog ready for
tonight what else have I done nothing
I've had a shower that is it not very
productive what I am about to do now is
tidy away all of this into the
dishwasher the dishwasher hey baby
hello so I need to fill this guy up and
I don't know why I often genderized
things do you guys do that as what right
now I just called you guys yeah
evidently not all guys I in fact 75% of
my audience a female yeah I call you
guys guys I just did it again
but often when I'm speaking about things
so I'll be like talking about I don't
know like just then additional Shawna I
need to fill this guy up why is that it
why is that a guy why is it not a she
why is it on it
I don't need you guys to do that as well
just give items agenda I do it's not
always a guy it could be a girl but I
just always give items or sex even
though they're not living anyways I'm
expos√©s up zoey is currently out buying
some bits and bobs for a video and which
is super super exciting she's been
planning it all of last night and all of
today I'm home with this little one I
know we've been chilling you've gone all
calm since the camera comes out a minute
ago you're running around like crazy
fighting Nellie over there on the floor
if you want to sleep all of a sudden the
dishwasher is now on and all filled up
but I couldn't fit all of this and two
pounds there and two cups there all of
that couldn't fit in that just shows how
bad though NIR has been the dishwasher
like we literally leave it and you're
like we've got no cups left now what do
all of this by hands 47 minutes later I
am done oh my gosh that literally I've
never ever experienced washing up taking
so long
I use the dishwasher as well you can
hear it on now and it still can all fit
in and then just the rest of it took 47
minutes to
shop by hand Wow right I need to get
some lunch I haven't even had breakfast
yet and it's 20 minutes to 2 I might get
to town and go buy some lunch we don't
really have too much in the fridge I
don't think this one is literally fast
asleep watch her she's so cute right
just sprinkle on the phone I'm throwing
up see if she wanted to go get some
lunch together sans Oh ease out and I
haven't even had breakfast yet issues
I'm sorry I can't grandma's just come
over so why didn't you come over here
for lunch so I just ordered a taxi now I
really really really need to learn how
to drive so I don't have to get taxis
everywhere because you can't really get
buses where me and Zoe live and it's a
measure of a walk to get anywhere so um
just wanted a taxi to take me to go and
get some lunch and then drop me at my
mum's to go and see my grandma and my
mum for a little bit and this one is
just she and like you can see she is
just fast asleep so she's gonna have a
little nap and then when I get back she
can have a LUN CH I can't say it out
loud because she'll be like and wake up
thinking it's ready
so yeah that's what I'm gonna do if
you're a true pointless gang member you
remember that back in like 2009 I made a
video about Siamese banana I don't know
why I did it but I did just making a
smoothie now look at this if it focuses
Siamese strawberry you can't really see
it why won't it focus there we go
look Oh quiet
it's time to plan the new video so
basically Zoey and I are gonna film as
you found out yesterday because the
video must went live for you guys
yesterday reacting to old zoffie videos
I might add in a couple of little photos
as there as well just make it a bit of
funny so who is ringing me ah one moment
okay right I'm off the phone now
basically I've just downloaded a ton of
old selfie videos and selfie live shows
and I've now got the task to edit an
hour and one minute and 17 seconds of
footage into like an amount that Zoey
and I are going to react to then we're
going to film a reaction to it then I
need to edit our video then I need to
upload that video so geez I've got a lot
more filming and editing than I ever
thought I'd have to do tonight I didn't
really think that I'd have to edit the
video before I film the video if that
makes sense right it is time to film the
video yeah leave any lights on and you
excited yeah you haven't seen in the
clips there's not too much basically I
chopped down so much footage though so
much just rambling of us in old videos
so I've chopped it all down if you want
to check out the video that we're about
to film don't look at the screen fold it
down push you down no looking then only
will link down below and you guys can
check that out I just wanted to sit on
this side in true selfie form why do I
sit on that side hmm
actually need to change the angle yes
really yeah
apart from maybe the live show so I've
just finished editing that mammoth of a
video but I'm really really happy with
the outcome and if you've seen already I
hope you enjoyed it if you haven't then
be sure to go check it out
I honestly think it is one of the
funniest a fan videos we've ever made
it's just uploaded now it's got two
minutes left of uploading oh man I
realized that I haven't really vlog too
much today
and whilst editing that video there was
so many funny bits that didn't make it
into the video because the video is
already like 11 minutes two seconds long
and I normally try to keep my videos
like around 8 to 10 minutes so it was
already longer than what I've written
and it to be and so what I think I'm
going to do now to pad out this video so
that you have something funny to watch
today and it's not just boring because
I've got to go up to a meeting now I've
literally got to be at a meeting in 54
minutes and Zoey has to be there too and
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
put in some of the outtakes in a second
that didn't make it into the final video
but was still hilarious so I hope you
enjoy them roll in we're gonna finger
Matty Yeah right
who's your friend um I haven't got it I
haven't got my phone out for days Sam
burgers go a night slept at home not
trying to be left alone without this and
I am left alone not trying to be
sleeping at home not trying to be
sleeping at home Hoodie Allen I'm very
sorry though I remember this so much oh
well that was good wasn't it why don't
make those noises do I do that whenever
I'm editing videos I don't if any of you
notice when you watch them sometimes I
just go okay mmm why do I do it do you
do it there's no one else do that is it
literally just me there is someone else
or not from a video clip Casper I think
he does I think I remember that he used
to do that I don't know if he still does
I still do it though just like that it's
really no big hmmm what's so weird there
that look in doing this tactic as well
right that is it guys hi all right
duh I just follow I should bloom in hot
initial measures get some dinner
we're popping into M&S I don't throw any
really neither because I don't think we
should get too much
I think we should only get yeah you just
got them in our garden oh yeah let me
know they're expensive as well
oh you're going in the ex dear oh you're
not going in the exit
but I think we should just get food for
tonight yeah because there's nobody in a
big weekly shop because we've got to go
out now I don't know we need some food
for tonight
and snacks for now Oh super whole-grain
boy look at that super rice and quinoa
in one that looks good right we needs I
think I need eaten lots of vegetables
tonight
my personal trainer is vegan and he says
he just needs those vegetables it's
amazing so I should eat a lot a lot
vegetables just pour a load of snacks
including this massive California roll
and we're now off to our meeting we have
to be there in literally like four
minutes or something so I'll catch you
guys afterwards our meeting is over guys
we are on the way to my parents for
dinner Taylor Swift look at this picture
mom and dad's wall that's what I got
your dad for Christmas was it yeah I
mean it's definitely for me as well I
knew yeah dad you like that that we got
you for Christmas that's what I got that
I didn't even know I definitely
remembered that
all right guys I'm all - I did it I
thought got boobs I'm all tucked up in
bed now and Zoe is watching cupcake
Gemma
she's part the food Tube channel and she
does lots baking stuff we've got this
little one wait salute make him over
here I got this little one in bed of us
she's not gonna be sleeping in the bed
all night but she's just having a little
cuddle of us and look at her she is so
damn cute aren't ya
you've just been sleeping look at her
all right I'm going to end the vlog now
guys I'm gonna go put her to bed as well
if you enjoyed the video then please
give it a big ol thumbs up I hope you
enjoyed the new selfie video on my main
youtube channel that went up yesterday
and that about it is anything else you
need to tell them I've got personal
trainer tomorrow morning at 9:30 so when
I start the vlog tomorrow
probably going to be extremely tired
after the gym okay
so I'll catch you tomorrow good night
