good morning guys so I have had a super
long lion the time is currently hot past
ten and although it's a Sunday Sunday's
and my busiest day because I have to
upload my main Channel video and because
I've been in nearly said Brussels then
awesome Brussels was in Dublin because I
was in brother nearly said it again
because I was in Dublin I haven't had a
chance to film my main channel video so
today I've got a busy old day starting
off with editing - daily vlogs because
yesterday I didn't upload one so I'm
going to try and upload one today at
like lunchtime one tonight at 5 p.m.
like normal and then I also need to film
edit and upload a main channel video to
go out like tonight maybe it like seven
o'clock kind of time so I've got loads
and loads and loads of editing to do a
ton of filming to do and that's probably
all I'm going to be able to do today and
eat so I'm going to catch you in a
minute I'm just going to edit a daily
vlog and then we'll go and have some fun
hello give me this toys is against toy
police right you ready steady
Nullah go good girl good net your baby
daddy ah no come here
go check oh yeah NOLA
ah where's mummy gone where she said
earlier on we took nyla for a walk with
bus because we're still trying to train
them to be good together because they
get so so excited I think apparently
it's because they're siblings it's a lot
harder to train two siblings to walk
well together and behave nicely together
so we still didn't actually met mum and
you nearly broke the bloomin house so we
met mom and dad and bother little just
walking with them and stuff which was
actually they did okay in the earlier
yeah they did a lot better
and now I've uploaded 118 uploaded one
daily vlog which was one that was meant
to got yesterday or the day before for
you guys we didn't because I was busy in
Ireland and now I'm literally just about
to upload it is three minutes five so
the other one is about to go live any
minute as well over here we've got the
pointlessblog cooking station okay so in
here we have got some burgers that are
cooking up to FFA's or two for me
they're getting ready in seven minutes
then we've got some bacon at the ready
to go on top of the burgers but
obviously looking to start cooking that
yet because that won't take seven
minutes I don't think then I'm going to
cook up some onions go on top some of
them I'm going to turn into
cheeseburgers got one more bit of bacon
to add in once they shrink up a little
bit because obviously they won't stay
that size and then I got a couple of
buns for Zoey and I think that is it I
don't think we're going to have any
chips or anything like that I'm tempted
to make some sweet potatoes or sweet
potato chips but I don't think I'm gonna
and then after dinner I've got a
delicious dessert lined up for myself
basically when I was in Ireland do you
guys saw how many chocolates and crisps
and sweets and everything you guys
bought me there was like literally a box
like this biggest being said to my house
but I bought back a selection of some of
the ones that I've never heard of before
and so my dessert I'm going to try all
the different Irish candy or sweets or
chocolate crisps or whatever you guys
gave me I think it's going to be cool I
like trying different countries candies
and dinner
serves I've got some water to bands
burgers and the cheese is just melting
because they're so hot at the moment and
then we've got some bacon and some
onions no that's not for you right
cherries just Skype me and he's linked
me to a video called learn colors and
race cars with Max bill and Pete the
truck it's basically like a YouTube
video for like two-year-olds and these
six cars are about to race he wants to
bet me ten pounds that we choose three
Cup no no no don't eat the burger we're
going to pick three colors each and
whichever one wins the other one gets
tenner is that the rules Jay yeah and
Jay promises me he hasn't seen this
video before so this is the this is the
screen so far let me put it back a
little bit and just show you this
literally for our two-year-olds okay so
basically that is the premise of this
challenge
Jay what colors do you want I'm getting
a green I'll still green I'm gonna go
you know I'm gonna take morons okay by
the way my camera is running really low
on charge so I might have to stop and
toward towards the end of I swear I've
got green you've got orange I'm gonna go
purple okay I'm gonna go blue okay I'll
take yellow okay so I've got yellow
green and purple you've got blue orange
and red and there's ten pounds on this
guy's yeah okay I'll pay pal your right
away okay you ready yeah I'm good with
that sound three two one go hey this is
the pace man or what they've got our
obstacles and stuff yeah oh
one of my goats like oh wait was that
that was me
no wait greens way at the back bread is
killing it right now no no run the
loop-the-loop come on come on yes boy
PAP was me isn't it
okay okay the finish line the finish
line yo are they serious every you God
do that every chain did you know that
what's going to happen everybody well
that was the best challenge ever it is
time to try some Irish candy okay I have
got tons down here I'll show you what I
got first I've got these Tito's have no
idea what these are just crisps I'm
guessing I've got feed rolls I think I
might have had figured yeah no I've had
fig walls before I don't know these
might not all be Irish but I got given
them all while stars in Ireland okay so
I'm just guessing them the majority of
them Irish I've got this I have no idea
what that is
Guinness luxury milk caramel chocolate
no idea Mint Chris bar Wilton candy no
idea I have Irish hazelnut chocolate bar
that one is definitely Irish no idea
what it is these that are I don't know
something Irish butter toffee sounds
good or why have I got one random M&M I
bought some M&Ms at the airport sandwich
snack no idea
neo I'm guessing this is a oreos neo Oh
again I've got another one of them so
that is my selection of Irish candy that
I'm about to try I think I'm going to
switch over to this camera here so that
I can properly try the food so okay
right we are now in this screen let me
quickly sort out my here one minute is
the microphone on the mic on idiots on
ll microphone right
my hair is annoying me here isn't
normally the time I should also point
out is like 12 o'clock at night so it's
pretty damn late already
probably should be in really Suites
before go to bed but I want to do this
video I'm excited try this candy and let
me know in the comments if there's any
other places that you want me to try
their candy okay because I've done
Japanese have done American in fact of
non American twice now about to the
Irish if we called to do that Mexican
candy or something like that Mexican or
Chinese or anyways right now I'm doing
this let's start off with a mint crisp
Wilton candy bar mmm guys delicious
mm-hmm my personal trainer is watching
this doesn't count as eating chocolate
and bad food I am I'm doing it for the
the purpose of a video it doesn't count
okay that tastes exactly like an after
eight but in a chocolate bar form rather
than just like individual little
chocolates that was delicious
let's try a sandwich snack this is made
by Cadbury mmm delicious
Irish hazelnut chocolate bar let's give
some Irish hazelnut chocolate ago I love
hazelnut or iconic that mmm man can you
see how much hazelnut is in that there
is such a good ratio of hazelnut to
chocolate me old-time okay
but then this is literally just an Oreo
in cool packaging looks an Oreo but I
think it's what chocolate filium fries
chocolate cream wow that looks dark
that looks really dark chocolate time it
does send the package in rich dark
chocolate with a smooth fondant Center I
mean it is good it's not bad toddler
like it's tasty but I'd much rather the
firm milk chocolate I'm not as into dark
chocolate as this let's try one of these
this is going to ruin my teeth and I'm
about to go to bed and put my visit line
in oh my god is rock solid
I live the core nutri the flavors really
good but mmm the flavor of that was
really good but for a video that would
have taken me like ten minutes to eat by
itself so I've had to just spit it out
but it did taste good but I didn't I
didn't eat oh okay
let's try these are just kind of
everywhere if I open these oh my gosh
whoa what are they oh they smell like yo
but you know when you're young and
you're in school and you get like
oranges and then you put those little
things in it at Christmas like there's
little spiky things I don't know what
it's called and then you wrap ribbon
around it if you know what I mean it
smells exactly that that's so strong I'm
definitely not going to like this I
really hope this isn't like a dog tree
or something and I'm about to eat it
yeah oh yo that's not good
Tito cheese and onion I've got to like
these this is just cheese and onion
crisp surely heat oh yes these are
delicious mmm my favourite crisps was
just like really cheap thin but really
flavor some crisps like there's kettle
chips and stuff which I like but they're
just not a flavor something I really
like I think these are quite low quality
like low quality but amazing tasting
crisps to lad we're going to go over a
fig roll first big bowl I'm pretty short
yet this is just going to be the same as
like as I used to have a kids parties
and stuff when I was younger
mmm these are so good last of all we
have got the Guinness luxury milk
chocolate bar I have no idea if this is
going to be good although I did try
Guinness in yesterday's vlog if you saw
it I went to the Guinness like what is
it called it's not the factories at the
storehouse or something like that I went
for a tour there and I poured my own
pint of Guinness and I tried it and I
actually liked it I didn't think I was
gonna write Guinness but I really really
enjoyed it so I've got a got some hope
for this chocolate bar although it get
to be 18 to bite that has it actually
got alcohol in it you have to be 18 to
buy this this product contains one
percent alcohol
not suitable for children okay so it has
got alcohol but it's one percent Wow
oh my god you can really taste the
Guinness I quite like that let you know
when you get a selection box of
chocolate Christmas or times like that
and then and then you don't know what
any of them are you just take a random
one and then you bite into it it's like
really strong alcohol and I'm normally
like oh let's spit it out but that's
actually quite good right I'm going to
finish you in these these were
these are my favorite things I'm going
to end of it in here guys because zombie
is a sleep next door I was going to send
knowledge sleep downstairs but I'm not
I'm not that loud up longing in bed I
wouldn't wait now about but I would wait
huh me up so I'm going to end the vlog
now if you enjoyed it then please give
it a big ol thumbs up let me know if
there's anywhere else where you want me
to try candy from or drinks or I did
have some drinks as well from Euler like
non-alcoholic like one was bubblegum
flavor or something but I wasn't allowed
it through the airport because it was
over a hundred milligrams of liquid or
something like that I comment but
basically I wasn't allowed to take on
the plane with me so let me know if
there's any other countries of your mid
so I can do just if there's any videos
that you want me to do let me know sorry
that this wasn't too much of a daily
vlog it was more of a trying candy video
I hope you're ok with that because today
I've literally spent vast majority of
the day just editing - daily vlogs for
you guys and they broken up yesterday as
you're watching this there's also going
to be another video going live tonight
on my main youtube channel I'll leave a
link to it down below basically you got
a requested Zoey night to react to our
old's Alfie videos for so so long and so
we're going to film that tomorrow and
we're going to upload it which is the
same days that this one goes live so go
check it out now please please please go
give it loads a thumbs up go show it
loads of love you guys have wanted it
for ages
because in the old videos of course we
used to be like oh so filo is never
going to be together would be horrible
together and stuff so we're going to
react to the old zapping videos tomorrow
I think it's going to be really really
funny I think it's gonna be good but
yeah that video should be live now or
later on tonight for you guys so enjoy
it there's a link down below go share it
loads of love I'll catch you tomorrow of
a new daily vlog it will be much more of
a daily vlog than this one was anyways
I'm rambling I'll catch you tomorrow I
love you good night
