good morning guys hi ya door when look
at the size of this bed if you didn't
watch yesterday's video I'm currently in
Dublin in Ireland and I have the world's
biggest bed I'm also about to leave
right now I'm actually running late as
usual I'm 11 minutes late meant to be
downstairs I've got my meet and greet
today I've just been getting ready and
I'm all dressed and everything just
wearing like nice simple clothes just
plain black converse black jeans and
like a little top I've got my presents
from you guys from yesterday some of you
that I met out and about I need to
somehow close that don't know how I'm
gonna get that to fit in clothes that
yeah it will do it somehow right I
haven't had breakfast yet
the time is currently 10 o'clock one
minute past 10:00 in the morning and I
need to get my buck going you guys have
all been tweeting me this morning like
Alfie I'm waiting outside that I'm in
the queue to meet you mr. bliss and I'm
like I'm not even out of bed yet that is
one thing that I always feel so so bad
for is that whenever I do event you guys
queue outside the so long and I just
wish there was another method that we
could do so that you guys didn't have to
get up like you guys at the app walk
some of you to meet me in Dublin Airport
were waiting since the day before and
not overnight in everything about some
of you waited like 16 hours that is just
insane like when I woke up this morning
trending was pointless blog in Ireland
like a woke up trending just because of
you guys are so powerful here in Ireland
and that's insane and then I'm just
saying all my tweets oh I'm in the line
I'm queuing up I'm waiting to meet you
and I'm like I I was asleep I was asleep
whilst you were queuing up to meet me so
thank you so much with the support I now
get the opportunity to come out and meet
you all so let's do that if you ever
come to Dublin guys stay in the Marion I
think it's the Marion whatever Hotel I'm
in this one here it is beautiful and
pretty shorts with the Marion hotel
this is the green room this is my snacks
for the day they've got me black Adair
looks good and then these are a ton of
books you guys I think these are signed
I don't know I saw my little I got a
little stage right so Abby is finally
told me why everyone is singing sex
they're okay because of this photo why
did I ever take them
that is crazy thank you so much of a
that's so cool oh wow thank you remember
yesterday snapchat Ross was chasing the
guard us brownie look at this point guys
yeah
so we're about halfway through now I
tried to shoot a time-lapse oh I could
be the longest time that somebody shot
kind of forgot about my camera but it
probably got a lot more in there and
that's lunch time got tarn√≥w sandwiches
Oh what is this yes
Oh
last two people to sign in is Ava and
Albert they're the last ones we want
anything to say I want to know it's
crazy
thank you so much there's a hug you guys
are the last ones
look at these cakes somebody got me
thank you so much as me Zoey not on
there Emma Watson on there me on this
one and then Taylor Swift on this one
and then there's another bottle over
here
Emma watch them mean Zoey another tailor
a different one look how good that is
and they look that's so cool just
finishing up some lunch guys about all
of these presents this here is all the
letters and cards never then this here
is all the presents and this here is all
the sweets unbelievable amount of sweets
so what I've had to do because I've been
itching only got hand luggage this is
the only bag I've got with me so I can't
take it all on the plane so I've asked
Easons
which is the people that sent my book
over here that way I've had the meet up
today to send it to me so don't worry
I'm not leaving all this they're sending
it to me in the house that's why they're
all in a separate box okay so I will get
with the letters and everything and I'll
read them all
but there we send to the house we're now
going to the Guinness the Guinness
something so over there on the floor
where they will look in
for this place the least have signed the
thousand-year oh my gosh before he got
in here me and the rent for this place
45 pounds of year
so this is barley guys it's like a
sandpit
I love they're making they that is so
competent I literally realized haven't
we made beer once in school different
make ginger beer and it was like twelve
percent or something like that
look at this this here is literally some
empty boy neck tall thing I don't even
know what it does
we've got a tour guide explaining all to
us that man is complicated
Guinness tasting experience I I think I
literally I've only tried Guinness once
when I was 16 yeah that's perfect size
Arisa can't actually drink a beer yes
losing the weight about a minute or so
oh really that's something every day
sorry I didn't know yet - wait let's go
it's like I think I don't know it's like
strong as I've ever like already I'm
right whoa yeah like that's one thing
happens because there's no partner the
tasting is Sherlock I mean strong enough
leaving a very super serum cholesterol
nice and fresh aroma the Charlie really
smell is this
Wow this is like oh my god that one's
strong look at this guy
look at him go for it go on boy come on
boy
and look at this yeah
every drop bar it's pretty damn busy up
here but there's a Saturday but the
so said
all right so we're just getting into the
airport now guys there is a few of you
guys here time
I'm scared these are going to be spicy
this is our guy thank you all right just
landed guys that was the quickest
quickest x alpha therefore I have ever
ever experienced literally didn't even
show my passport but we landed gone a
little bus walks like 50 meters move it
outside the airport that my driver was
waiting there sorry the only bad thing
is that I need the toilet probably about
a 12 out of 10 what the bloody hell are
you guys do so much fun and don't worry
up into the toilet now didn't work
myself in the car he's doing yeah this
one I don't even know I never see you
know and Sean is over here and poppy is
crying over there because she's so
scared come on pop no excuses I'm crying
inside come on get in cover sit down
remember this is based on a true story
is you going to go on your phone the
whole time
cuz where's your phone don't give it
back no you're not allowed you find
otherwise you're just not gonna
concentrate on the film I know what you
like right also waste your lap where's
your laptop we are about to watch it
follows which is meant to be super super
scary I'm really really excited
Bret I'll let you know what it's like
after this is papi and Nana poppy pop
poppy
you enjoyed the film
you're not too scary into encoding Allah
guys I am now all tucked up into bed
oh that horror film was weird it like so
you can't see me very well because it is
so dark
it wasn't very scary and it was pretty
slow that weird I don't really read it
too much like I wouldn't bother gonna
watch it if I was you if you have
nothing else to do then maybe check it
out but it's not really it wasn't really
that great it was called it follows I
think yeah I'm gonna insulate now
because I'm so tired and the time is
like half past twelve man it has been a
long old day very good one so thank you
so much to everybody that came out and
all the support in Dublin and Ireland it
was crazy people flew from like Portugal
to come and see me in Dublin people from
night literally all over like everywhere
and drove like five hours and my parents
like I woke up at 3 in the morning and
drove my daughter here to see you in
South Side as usual it is crazy and it
means so much and I love to get to meet
you all properly and thank you so much
to blink and Ange and Silas and everyone
who is with me making the trip awesome
Silas made sure that everyone was super
safe and I was safe and I could meet you
all and get pictures so like when we got
to the airport there's probably like my
don't know like 200 of you there maybe a
little bit less than that but always
like the police for their way to improve
their like a or ten police officers
there or whatever you call it in Ireland
our comment what they're called and
Silas sorted all other out and I'd pitch
is with every single one of you and hugs
you all so that was really really good
as well it was basically a crazy
successful trip so thank you so much for
making it awesome I want to come back
soon I really really do and yeah let me
know the comments where you'd like me to
go next
I know Manila is obviously a popular one
anywhere else let me know and I'll try
and come soon yeah I'm gonna go to sleep
now so give the video a big thumbs up if
you enjoyed watching it I will get you
tomorrow good night
