good morning guys I have just got to the
airport now had a lovely Drive this
morning a carpenter is named that if
you're watching thank you very much for
driving me
you are lovely and you have lots of
snacks and stuff today my charges
everything I also still don't miss
something like I've forgotten something
now often get this feeling they're not
as much so feeling right now like a
legit thing I have left something very
important I've got a passport and I've
got my blogging camera I've got my
wallet and my mobile so it can't be too
important
like I've forgotten something well
that's the best because I'm only taking
on hand luggage I don't have to queue up
in all of that and then I went to go and
check in or I rung up and who's coming
on the trip with me to go and check in
shoes I don't know don't worry we've
already done it so I don't even need to
check in let you scan straight up
security
strange apparently Nando's do breakfast
I didn't know this whole little
breakfast menu
just quickly nip into the toilette now
that breakfast is good that they also do
pancakes and my berries and lots of
waivers over there it is
geez they don't even have a toilet
though in there and oh she's got
blooming good breakfast
but you don't have a toilet you might
not be allowed because it's an airport
but you should get one is it almost as
out B this is my plane
the quickest why ever did he forget to
finish editing yesterday say he gone
I've got about 15 minutes for today we
are about to touch down
y'all
oh boy Oh
they're more in case you think about
happens we've got the instructions in
front of us
in the airport to a radio interview
thank you so much to everyone came out
the airport and everything is really
really cool sorry that to rush off
somebody just gave me this flag as well
outside from the radio which is cool I
think it's from like where's your
Twitter where's their Twitter who is it
from
thank you so much you guys yeah thank
you so much thanks so much again to
everyone who came out to the airport and
it's waiting outside now to our fan that
is Flo Rida
I don't like it I love us featuring
Robin Thicke and this is quite a moment
for us on the show we are as Nicki would
say he's not here today we are in Paris
for take a periscope but I don't really
know even how to I hate you just
commented so many so many ways it could
describe my next guest and needless to
say the car parks been full since this
morning and Nicky Byrne is off this week
and you've managed to attract more
people in the ever husband here in the
car project so it's actually probably
work that he's not here would it be a
bit obsessive youtubers bloggers and
YouTube gone up sweetie and author if
they give me up Alfie deyes alright
finished up to FM that was all good if
you tuned in thank you
I hope you enjoyed it and that where we
have to you know spin is that another
radio yeah now off to speed doing
because the view guys in this place
that's so cool
spin 103 at number one for music and
entertainments that is cold line with
ready you listen spin top joint live in
studio by YouTube star mr. Alfie deyes
hello how are you doing
we're great dude it's time for our
famous going on master mice okay here we
go
Alfie yeah in your master mind how many
seconds does it take you to complete a
Rubik's Cube oh I think the fastest I've
done it in is something like 40 seconds
I want to say no 30 seconds a good great
start next up name the first video you
uploaded onto YouTube you actually
deleted this video as well okay if it's
deleted I think it was called what to do
on a rainy day
well done yeah okay what challenge
instead radio is done and now I think I
enough to pre sign books for tomorrow
which is gonna be good because that
means that I get photo opportunities
with all of you rather than just signing
and I've just got to my hotel room which
looks awesome this hotel is so nice look
at the colors but this sounds really
stupid but also this bed is massive are
you ready I mean I feel bad because the
feets are so nicely made but it's so big
like I'm not even close to the edge and
it's like the length of mace oh my god
it is massive this one is cold I really
really like this I love island so far
everyone is so friendly
oh man this is henge look at the size of
this bathroom hey yeah the weird but
I've literally got 15 minutes to get
downstairs to meet everyone for lunch so
I need to finish editing my day you know
because I got I got nearly finished on
the plane I've added to most of it but
I've got about 15 minutes left to do and
I've got 15 minutes 23 downstairs so I
need a gap map but editing my video is
done my locked on or not thought as
locked in my room then video is done
should I just take the stairs this seems
like a fire exit okay
a video done guys is uploaded Island I
officially love you you have free hotel
Wi-Fi and it is fast and now means now
this village although I don't away
so it turns out the stairs we're just
for emergency only and I just got told
off but you said don't worry because no
alarms went off so it's all good
ordered smoked salmon bagels looks so
good look at this cute little thing
this hotel is lovely yeah that's like a
maze for like rabbits
yeah just put now on them for a treat
like in the middle
these girls are waving but I don't know
how they know we're in here because the
cars blacked out so I'm just gonna film
them hello
just finish signing 600 books for you
guys here tomorrow my hand is a little
bit dead - yeah we're about to leave now
apparently there's like 100 be outside
waiting definitely how yeah so there's
tons of you guys on the other side of
that and they've had to bring the car in
so there cuz you guys are just crowding
the car only go and say no
I don't know why Island sing this song
to me strange hi they say good sex for
look at them running guys like a zombie
apocolypse
looking at Garen go happy the scale is
taking her selfies this selfie queen -
stay still
yes oh she's happy she got it she got
there I'm back all of the craziness and
I've just got changed into some
different attire I just got a little pad
and black t-shirt and changed my
necklace put a little jacket on because
it's a bit chilly and just been watching
some YouTube videos for like the last 50
minutes or so just relaxing chillaxing
taking it slow and now I'm off for
dinner with others so let's go
this door is weird there we go thank you
thank you so much guys this steak is on
a hot stone and you cook it yourself
until it's at the point that is perfect
for you
how cool is that
I have no idea why ordered I just asked
but the healthiest pudding they have and
it's like infused pineapple and banana
and pomegranate we finished in there
we're going to like a secret bar or
something like this and we've been told
to find a snail
we found it there and then apparently is
his name Gary and then apparently we
just go in the door with the snail and
there's like a secret place I have no
idea this one
this many missus back - it watch me now
hi guys were jogging in orange segments
into our mouths why central man Simon
into my mouth yeah right guys
it is currently about five minutes past
2:00 in the morning if you're wondering
what we were doing out having drinks
late at night basically from 12 o'clock
and onwards tonight and it is currently
two o'clock in the morning so it is
currently Lisa's birthday who is one of
the team members of blink or Bonnie a
publishing which is the publishing house
that published my books I'm just a
publishing like ten times I think I'm
gonna order some room service now I'm
not really too sure because I don't know
how long it's gonna let me turn this
pillow down I don't know how long it's
gonna take for the room service to
arrive I hope it doesn't take too long
if it takes more than like 15 minutes
then I'm just gonna go to sleep instead
but I think I've got yes currently is
that literally 1 minute to 2 in the
morning and I have to be I have to leave
here at 10:50 is it 10:50 or 9:50
tomorrow 9:50 10 minutes to 10:00 I have
to leave tomorrow so I'm gonna wake up
at 9 o'clock and jump in the shower and
get dressed over there because I've
literally got just hand luggage so I've
got barely anything to pack and get
ready tomorrow morning so I'm gonna wake
up at 9 o'clock so even if I fell asleep
now I've got 7 hours sleep which is a
lot for me so I'm all good
if you enjoyed this video then please
give it a massive thumbs up thank you so
much for all this point I like it has
literally been crazy today like
absolutely insane I didn't tell you guys
where I was gonna be or when I was going
to be at places and there was like
hundreds of you outside some of the like
buildings that I was in today when I was
signing books or the radio stations and
stuff and thank you so much for the
radio stations for having me today I did
a lot of
fun and yeah that is about it tomorrow
is my official Easons Meetup
which I am super excited about so I will
catch you tomorrow if you enjoyed the
video give it a big ol thumbs up to let
me know they did and I will catch you
then good night
