good morning guys oh my gosh I just got
back from the gym I am nearly dead so
basically today started off by the way
it's currently one o'clock lunch time
today started off about 8:20
I woke up and then no alert don't be
biting the duvet bite this like this
today started off about 8:20 I woke up
got an olive wrap gave her breakfast
took her out for a wee and go to the
toilet and everything and then if you
watch some fluff on your head Missy and
then have breakfast at some porridge for
breakfast in case you were wondering and
then I had a Skype meeting which lasted
probably like 10 minutes it's super
super quick and easy and went all good
and then I went to the gym at 10:30
until 12:30 with my personal trainer for
the third day in a row
guys I'm act like I'm genuinely proud of
myself you know because I used to say oh
I'm gonna start working out I'm gonna
start eating healthy
she's just jumped back up on the bed how
are you jumping up on the bed by
yourself but I can finally carry on
talking I'll just put Nala downstairs to
bed because she has been super some
naughty up here and just bitin the duvet
again and again every time I put on the
floor she jumped back on the bed and
bites the duvet so just put it
downstairs for a bit by herself I'm
going to edit the daily vlog now just
imported the footage from yesterday so I
can get that all ready and going up on
time tonight everyone keeps on tweeting
me this picture it does look like me it
just does like everyone keeps me like
Alfie this is goals like this is you and
stuff let me enter full screen and let
me show you it how much does that
picture of course I don't have tattoos
but that does look like me doesn't it
how cool is that just as a snack before
I make my lunch I've got a bowl of
strawberries that I just went and bought
from a little place and then I've got a
some Pitta and some hummus and then I'm
going to go make my proper lunch in a
minute which I just bought three chicken
breasts and some egg noodles basically
I'm just gonna try to eat as much as I
possibly can from now on lunch is ready
now it doesn't look as good in the
camera but I promise you in real life it
looks
a lot better than that I also just got
out of the shower my hair is all over
the place
but I kind of have an edge of the daily
vlog yet so I need to quickly eat lunch
and I did not read the daily vlog
because I don't want it to be going up
late today what are you doing down there
you've lived with your toy
do you flames give me that give me that
treat give me it
should I give me a she knows I'm gonna
steal it right it is now time to blend
this I nearly forgot the water won't
offend over there is it plugged in no it
is not there we go let's see wow that is
pink I've had my lunch it's now time for
Nola's lunch bless you excited she gets
oh what's this what's it I don't have to
open this with one hand
please don't spill everywhere alright
you gonna sit good yeah there's your
lunch you enjoy that
I'm gonna wait for her to finish her
lunch and then then we can go upstairs
have a cuddle on the bed I've just woken
up from a nap and I don't have a clue
the last time that I film this gym thing
at the moment not to Karen complaining
about it I I'm not complaining but it
makes me really really tired but I never
normally get tired during the day I'm
not I normally don't get tired even when
I go to bed or normally go to bed
nighttime wide awake and I just purely
go to bed because I should work on the
time it's quarter to seven and I've let
you just falling asleep like an hour
which is really odd for me and so I'm
going to wake up so I'm going to cook
some more food and I think I'm going to
cook the other two chicken breasts and
small des noodles because the foods I
just had it was delicious I really
really liked that and if it autumn what
sauce I put on it and I just use this
sauce which is like rub I think you guys
can get it in like test codes or
Sainsbury's or somewhere like that and
it's just Nando's Perry Perry rub and I
drop onto the chicken
as simple as that so I literally just
chopped up this rubber load that on to
it and then add some of them and now
that that is it done I should add some
vegetables actually what venture I do
just realize that I haven't told you
guys where Zoey yes you're probably
thinking where is sewing why she been
this whole video and she's currently in
London she's got meetings all day I'm
guessing is she's gonna be back fairly
soon because she left here at 12 can
take that seven hours seven hours gee
whiz the chicken is all cooked and now
just added the noodles spreading out to
make sure they all get last input wrap
Zoe's back and she's watching a program
what's it called
it's the most ridiculous program I've
married at first sight so basically the
premise of the program is that a man and
woman who have never met before they've
never seen each other before get married
on TV like this guy here is about to
marry like marry somebody who is never
met never even seen before have they
done that analytics to like see like
they both like the same things and oh my
gosh is crazy I couldn't ever imagine
that happening to me let me know if you
do that in the comments would anyone
genuinely just marry somebody without
ever knowing them that's crazy
right this is one thing that I want to
try and do today because loads of you
went absolutely crazy in a good way I've
really really enjoyed when I am when I
use this 3d pen and I did that drawing
of Zoe and Nala so I want to use it
again tonight and try and draw or make
some other youtubers or like a tree or
just some cool stuff and so after finish
watching this program I think I'm going
to turn this guy on and make some cool
stuff keeping up with my consistent
eatin that have another snack
we're gonna have some cherries and I did
just have another snack as well before
this I just had half
Picardo and then I'm about to have two
eggs I'm going to make them make some
scrambled egg and then have some
cherries as well for like a little
pudding looks a little bit gross but
I've added some beans into it as well
just to make it a little bit more
delicious and I just sat down to watch
the program with Zoey and it ended and
they didn't even get married in the end
so I'm guessing it's going to happen
next week or next time it's on but I
just hate stuff like that
like why have a whole episode without
even the thing happening a little face
no sooo cute EB it's time for Nala to go
to bed and she has been fast asleep on
Zoey like proper snuggled up for like
the last hour two hours so I just took
her out for a wee and to go to the
toilet and then we told her mana go to
bed and she ran and go into this bed
this is the wrong bed gorgeous I know
that's smart to go into a bed but we
meant this one this one over here just
pouring upstairs and I used the 3d pen
up there I realized that I haven't shown
you guys this guy yet when he's on I've
only shown you the other one now only
try this all but only tried it once so
far today and to show my dad are you
ready
I mean I don't know I'm showing you it's
exactly the same as the other one well
did he fell over the wheel was on it
like so plasticky because they're brand
new that they're like squeak I'm so
excited I'm going to get tomorrow I
don't if I've told you guys I'm sure
you've seen on Twitter and stuff and I
need to get off of this and Andy to go
upstairs but tomorrow morning I'm
getting picked up at like 7:30 in the
morning like super early to go to the
airport because tomorrow I'm going to
Ireland to meet a ton of you guys oh man
our Stuart McLean my office
that was the aim of today I still
haven't done it that liking to be left
for another day yeah I'm going to
Ireland tomorrow to meet tons of you
guys which is going to be awesome I'm so
so excited for that so I'm leaving super
early tomorrow so you won't be seeing me
messing about many of my gadgets in a
couple of blogs through I think I'm only
way for two days I'm away for one night
almost with my wallet upstairs beer
I'm excited really excited I've never
been to Ireland before yet it's so close
like it's crazy how many times I've been
to America and stuff and I've been to
New York as well at four or five times
now been to LA I must be 3 or 4 times
Toronto twice yeah I've never been to
Ireland Wales and I only just went to
Scotland first song we're books like so
there we go go to Ireland for the first
time and it is actually one of my most
requested places to go so I'm super
happy and excited I get the opportunity
to come out and see you guys alright
let's try and do some art with this pen
so I've got the 3d pen a little bit
different to when I last filmed it I've
only got one camera this time because I
can't find an SD card for this one so
I'm just going to try and do some like
zooming in stuff okay so I'm going to be
drawing like here and then yeah that is
it okay so I'm going to tweet now asking
you guys what to draw and then whatever
you guys asked me to draw I'm going to
try and draw if I can reach my phone I
think I got it I got it
alright this pens probably gonna explode
it is so hot what slash who shall I draw
in 3d send let's see who you say Marcus
Butler Joe sugg Jonathan and Anna Ricky
Dillon poppy Belfast what literally just
draw Belfast a dick a very very original
dick Nala Niall Harry Styles a fish is
quite a good one
I actually wait first of all I'm going
to
or something I'm going to draw a tree
okay because I want to try and doors I
think probably 3d they let stands up
I've got all of these like colors and
stuff out at the moment so I'm going to
pick the brown one to start off because
obviously I'm gonna be doing a tree I'm
gonna stick that guy in here and just go
and see what happens I might just try
and hold it and guide it round that is
my tree so far not exactly looking like
most like a tree I've ever seen it's
coming it's coming there don't worry is
genuinely getting there like this is
actually starting to look good I mean
just a little bit wonky but look at that
it kind of looks like a poo at the
moment right
that's the trunk of my tree okay it
looks pretty good now I don't know how
it doesn't stand up very well 20 minutes
past 12:00 at night time and I've got to
be up so early tomorrow to go to Island
I have no idea how I'm gonna do this
okay
there's some of my leave so far oh my
gosh this bit I should have looked on
Google Images at like how to draw leaves
on a tree I think that is it I think
that there is my tree done I mean it's
okay like it's proper 3d printed though
but that is cool that is so much better
than the zoeng the knowledge that I did
last time give the video a thumbs up if
you like that tree now let's see if it
stands come on please please come on
stand up you stupid thing right let's
see what else do you guys want me to
draw this one is going to have to be
quicker than that because that there
just took me blooming ages okay
draw a pumpkin down and fill like how am
I meant to draw down and fill in fact if
you want me to do a main Channel video
like maybe of Zoe or Marcus or somebody
like that a main channel video on
drawing youtubers in 3d and then maybe
the other person has to guess which
youtuber I'm drawing and then give the
video a thumbs up to let me know it
maybe I'll do that it's like a proper
main channel video somebody said a tree
Lauren Rudge said a tree look she said a
tree a tree I've done a tree this tree
is for you Lauren somebody I said a
high-heeled shoe a high-heeled shoe how
am I meant to do that we're going to go
with bread for this right there is the
heel of the shoe
we'll get in there a little bit I mean
it's if it's not the best you guys I
can't do it this is my attempt focus at
a high-heeled shoe
I literally just can't do it look at
rubbish that is ah I'm gonna break it
and screw it up but don't worry I'm
still happy with my tree that is the one
that is important right I'm gonna end of
log here because I am so hot from I got
a big old light on over there and it's
currently past half past twelve I've now
got to pack for Island and get some
sleep
before because I have got to leave to go
to Island at 7:30 tomorrow morning so
thank you so much for watching this
video if you enjoyed it guys you know
what to do give it a big ol thumbs up
give it a thumbs up and let me know in
the comments down below if you want me
to do a main channel video of somebody
else where we like try and draw
youtubers and guess who they are
something like that in 3d I think it
could be cool I'm happy with my tree
this video is probably really really
long I will catch you tomorrow with a
brand new video from Island from Island
right I'll catch you - Oi good night
