good morning guys so today has been
super productive so far this time the
time is 1126 okay so so far today I woke
up a hot prostate I've had breakfast
I've had a meeting I've had another
meeting and now I'm dressed and ready in
four minutes my personal trainer is
waiting outside now in four minutes I
have to be outside and on the way to the
gym with him so the vlog is going to
continue after I'm dead from working out
today I'm doing arms and shoulders so
I'm probably literally gonna die
tomorrow because currently my bum my
legs and my back from working out are
like dead like squatting down to do
stuff like this oh my God my thighs but
anyways not going to complain guys this
is where I got personal trainer and I
will catch you afterwards also I need to
what is in the exciting package when we
get back from the gym I am officially
ruined guys just got back from two and a
half hour training session at the gym
and I'm straight in town I've got to go
to the bank for another meeting again
today and then I think I'm gonna meet up
for Nando's with my friend Holly I still
haven't even had a shower since being at
war my god
so many buses new haven't even had a
shower yet that's quite gross his net
loss I was paying from their little band
over there right I need to get back and
as usual in that West couldn't do what I
wanted
I literally just needed to go in there
and make a payment and the woman
couldn't do it so annoying I was like
can a manager do it she was I am the
manager I'm the highest person there is
here today couldn't do it so enough to
do it online when I get home the whole
point was I wanted to come in and do it
to make sure I paid it to the right
person
guys I got a bit carried away so I
started off of this quinoa salad or
chicken then I ordered some more chicken
then ordered 200 me and the order just
kind of went on and on and on
got a bit too carried away but my
trainer did say just eat and eat and eat
and don't stop eat dinner
so that's what I'm going to do
apparently naal has actually got good
with the bubbles now guys okay yesterday
in yesterday's video and if you saw she
was just barking at them and now she
like that's so cute go on you get them
get them so sweet oh that was so good
the bubble challenge
ah that one she liked properly God it is
time guys it is time oh my god let me
sit on the floor I like steak so much
from working out right let me put you
guys there and then we get this big old
box
also should just point out I think is
about half past 11:00 at night that is
why I'm in this room opening in it and
not in the oven because 9 he was asleep
and there Zoey is asleep upstairs
also I'm like just holding a knife right
time to get this open you guys are in
commented on today's video and guessing
what it was some of you have got it
right some of you haven't okay let's see
imagine if it just wasn't what I thought
it was like it was just something else
and I'm not oh oh it's a part of a
washing machine this time I'm actually
really really excited for this I don't
know why I'm so excited basically can
you see what it is okay you can see what
it is about this is why is re was like
no outfit no not another one but I've
got some reasoning behind it basically
I've had so much fun on my one and then
when friends come and they're like let
me try this take turns let's let time
each other so you can go around the
house the fastest and I'm like it would
just make so much sense if I had to so
that I can like going on the beach of a
friend or go to town with a friend and
both tapes and we'll race each other so
when it ordered another one you may if
you think I'm stupid for doing that but
I think it's the smartest decision Wow
this one is cool I ordered it in white
because my other one is you know is in
black I don't think my one has these
lever bits on the side or it's saying
that it happen 20 battery okay it is
currently chopped I need to put that
knife down it is currently charging and
it looks so good in white I'm so excited
for friends to come over because then we
can just take you right into the street
and like roll around in a pack well I
mean it may only be a two people back
but they can count as a pack
we can roll around together look how
nice it looks in white I think it looks
so cool that's knowledge toy these are
like much more blue than before that is
awesome
it also comes with this little thing
it's kind of like a car key and I'm not
really sure how it works what exactly it
does I think I got one for my last one
and I just threw it away it's taken a
lot longer than what I thought it would
to charge so what I think I might do is
just charge it overnight and then
tomorrow morning we can play with it
sorry about the light as well going this
room does some weird stuff with the
lighting I think I'm just gonna end my
daily vlog down here because if I go
upstairs I'm just gonna end up waking
Zoey up by us talking to the camera and
we don't want that I just want to
apologize / thank you guys for sticking
by with these vocals over the last
couple of days because I'm getting crazy
busy at the moment and you guys don't
get to see why or see why I'm up to but
I promise you all will be revealed soon
it is a lot to do with do you remember a
while ago I said this on the sytem was
gonna happen and it was gonna change
everything and make my uploads a lot
better I saw today that I haven't
uploaded on my gaming channel in over a
month now
it has officially been a month since my
last video on my gaming channel which is
so bad like so so bad and there are so
many games that I want to play but I
just haven't got around to it I've just
been busy and on my office is a mess and
there's just so many things that have
just made it really really hard to do so
I just really really want to thank you
guys for sticking by and I promise you
soon everything will get a lot more
organized and better and these vlogs
will be more entertaining I'm sorry that
there have been a few now in a row that
are just quite dull because I've just
been in meetings and meetings and
meetings all day and then filming like
most of in the evening before going to
bed so yeah I just wanted to take a
moment to say thank you so much I
appreciate that you're still watching
and still hopefully enjoying the videos
for what you
for seeing and I just know that there's
so much better stuff and exciting stuff
coming I promise you I'm not just saying
it I'm not just going oh I've got
exciting projects coming up that I can't
tell you about and it's going to be so
good
although I am kind of saying that like I
genuinely do feel there are videos of my
content is gonna get so much better once
this thing happens and I will be able to
tell you in like I think it's like two
weeks maybe under two weeks now maybe
like a week and a half till I can tell
you yeah and I just think that's
honestly gonna be like the biggest
game-changer to the whole of YouTube
dive dive ever experienced or ever had
and it's gonna make everything so good
so so good and I know you guys are gonna
love it so stick with me for a little
bit I promise you that the vlogs will
get better if you're enjoying these ones
you're gonna love the ones that are
coming up so if you'll not subscribe
subscribe and yeah my body is not good
from the gym
I've got personal trainer it's more at
10:30 I would film in the gym but I
filmed in the gym before Joe and what
means I went to the gym once together
then we went with my friend Max and I
film little snippets in the gym then and
then one of the trainers going contact
my friend Maxim was like apparently I
was in the background of one of alfie
deyes as videos I don't even know who
years I want it taken offline now I want
it off and then my friend max was like I
can't ask him to set the video down if
you don't want to be in it I checked the
video he wasn't even in the video this
random guy and then I found that so I
can ask him to take it out if he wants
and then after my causing a massive fast
he then studied him on it down so I'm a
bit courses with filming in gyms because
obviously the gym is somewhere were
people going to improve their bodies and
to get fit so I don't really want to
film people who are like hot and sweaty
and maybe not confident in their bodies
or in their body with their bodies or
our stages of progress in their body and
they're not currently happy with what
it's like and so I know when you walk
around the gym like hey guys today I'm
in the
Jim and there's somebody in the
background who doesn't want to be seen
in the gym is seen I don't know if that
makes sense but I'm sure you guys
understand maybe in the future I would
from some little bits furnace just
myself and my trainer but we'll see how
it goes I don't even know if you'd wanna
be on camera
but yeah
that's right it for today thank you so
much for watching give it a big thumbs
up he did you guys have been killing the
thumbs up recently like today's video is
already over 115 over on on over 15,000
thumbs up which is crazy so be sure to
literally just go down below and click
that thumbs up button it helps out a lot
and yeah I'll catch you tomorrow morning
we can ever find a tomorrow I haven't
got as much planned I've got my purse
pre no 10:30 and I think I've got one
meter before that and then I think
that's it I think that is it so we can
use fun stuff tomorrow okay okay okay
okay
right I'll catch you tomorrow good night
