good morning guys so it is 1147 in the
morning but don't worry I've been up
very very long I woke up at about half
past eight today and then I had
breakfast with Zoe and her mum and you
know that is a lie
I was laid down for breakfast I missed
it with Zoe in them and their mum and
her mum and I at breakfast separately
then I've so far I have had a meeting in
town that I just been and come back from
I have now got the hygienist in 13
minutes I have to be there for my
appointment I have got a taxi arriving
any minute to take me and then straight
from the high genius is from like 11
till 12 no 12 to 1 is the hygienist and
then a one o'clock I have a personal
trainer from one till half-past two and
then I get home and then from 3 till 5 I
have another meeting so today is a
pretty jam-packed day so I'm going to
try and vlog some fun stuff but it might
have to mainly be this evening ok
because I've just got a lot of different
stuff going on there's going to be like
there's no point me filming a bank like
a bank meeting in town like this morning
and so I will try me in this blog as fun
as possible for you guys but they've got
a super busy day I just at the moment
looking at watching skepta shut down and
his song because obviously it Wireless
he came on stage with Drake and everyone
went crazy like skepta was trending
number one worldwide for like hours and
shut down was trending and that it
kicked off so I'm just watching shut
down now and but have a coffee although
I've got 11 minutes now 11 minutes to
get I'm going to be late aren't I right
I need to actually get ready I need to
go put my shoes on and probably change
this because earlier on when I was in my
meeting I was sat there the whole time
and then when I came out I realized that
they could probably see my nipple is
probably like that and I was like oh so
I'm very sorry if you're watching this
and I was in a meeting with you earlier
on this morning and my nipple was poking
out the whole time I'm sorry
that was good teeth are all cleaned and
polish and dirt free and everything she
said they were all really really good
tiny bit needed to be cleaned on the
bottom on the inside but other than that
she said they were perfect and just to
carry on as I'm doing so now I've got
all that was quick and what I thought
not only took 23 minutes so I'm going to
quickly grab some lunch on the coop now
and then I'm going to jump in the taxi
back home and then I've got my personal
trainer in just over half an hour that's
like perfect timing to have lunch and I
also need to upload my daily vlog
because I was editing that this morning
what should I go for should I go for
like a sandwich or a bagel
Buddha could cook something
bacon and avocado that's the one got
myself some tasty lunch and also got a
packet of crisps which I know is good
after coming out the dentist I need some
energy for was William so I'm gonna have
to pack your crisps and then I get back
I'm gonna have like a banana or
something as well because last time I
worked up a personal trainer I said
awesome it was the first time this is
the second time because I was meant to
do three sessions last week obviously I
was literally in bed ill all of last
week so I couldn't see him at all which
was a shame and so we're starting this
week I'm doing today tomorrow and then
the following day as well three sessions
a week from now on guys I'm gonna kind
of be a new man it is time to eat might
look about a hat falling off my head I
need to buy some other zigzag things
because that woman broke my last one
yesterday I had two left I gave one to
che at Wireless to wear because his hair
was all flopping about and he left I
left it his number to the woman snapped
yesterday so now I have to wear beanies
again until I get a new one
just eaten this which really isn't very
nice I thought it was going to be
delicious there's mint - bacon avocado
but it's not very good and then I also
bought some type sweet chicken crisps
which absolute love I have got about 20
minutes until my personal trainer comes
so I edited the video my daily vlog
already sorry that yesterday's vlog was
really really short I spent a lot of
time doing a photo shoot that I'm not as
big man - like September or October
super super exciting stuff and obviously
I wasn't allowed to film it because of
that so yes this vlog was pretty short I
will make it up in this one I mean I'll
try anyway
bite I am back from the gym oh my gosh
my legs are like absolutely dead I went
straight from the gym to a meeting here
at the house
I felt really bad we had two people here
for a meeting and I was like sweaty
wearing gym clothes but I had no choice
driving at a shower should probably have
a shower Zoey is bought what is this
like a bubble gum
that is just so powerful it's not very
it's not how would it need more charge
batteries but I couldn't find any so I
just ripped them up the remote I just uh
none of what we gonna do oh wow that is
so many muffles here we go she doesn't
like them what does she not ah doesn't
she like them she's working now wait
blow loads out like blow loads nada
Ella come here oh just keep on going
keep on going loads oh ah it's okay look
I don't think she likes them she doesn't
know what to do because as soon as they
go on the floor they pop so she's so
confused she's so confused she doesn't
realize what they are what is here
oh one here on the oh look she's
interested though I'm sure what is it
what is it makeup it's gone
look at this oh and look what's this
let's see if she likes this one
now that was this Oh No
what's happening she's licking them she
just doesn't understand why they go and
she's so confused
guys pulls here look this pole I was
thrown away and his girlfriend no they
flown away well though you did see them
that was pulling this girlfriend
we've just got back from Ken a wagga
movers verga mamas I kind of had some
posture don't if I showed you guys had
some dinner a lot half six but my
trainer said to me to just keep on
eating and eating and eating so I just
ordered two sides and a main course from
my hand as well I don't even know what I
ordered Misti oh yeah oh did I get three
sides
that's yours I got three sides hi guys
it has been a super long day plant under
the last my vlogs but gee whiz we have
done a lot and I forgot to tell you guys
before I went to what look at this bit
of hair oh I went to wireless and again
it's falling down before I went to
wireless this arrived now I'm not going
to tell you what it is and I'm going to
open it in tomorrow's video ok but
comment down below
what you think is inside this and it is
blooming heavy like so solid and heavy
Zoe are you excited to me to open it why
not do you not like yet she says no
right I'm going to end the vlog now guys
because I still haven't had a shower yet
since I went to the gym so I'm going to
jump straight in the shower and go to
bed so thank you so much watching today
if you enjoyed it then give the video a
big old thumbs up to let me know that
you did let's try and smash yesterday's
video again yesterday's video wasn't
very long I'm sorry about that and I'll
make sure that tomorrow's is also very
good bye
I'll catch you tomorrow good
