morning guys so I'm just going to
Victoria train station now and as I said
yesterday last night yen yes this video
I am I've got a top secret photo shoot
today in London I don't think I'm at all
someone's ringing me I cannot answer for
my sister should be here think I mean
they're for coffee up for like 10
minutes
and then I'm gonna collapse into the
shoe but yeah today is an absolutely
lovely day the weather at the moment is
too small even the train stations will
Instagram yes then whether it's just
beautiful like how has it been like this
so long now in the UK I don't understand
I've got sci-fi hockey amongst all of
these people there is hundreds of people
in there thousands we prepare oh my gosh
I've only got ten minutes to my car
picks me up
I just credit Starbucks tell it out
there I finished my top-secret photo
shoot an interview in filming and all
stuff like that went really really
really well like it was so much fun I
filmed all of it for you guys but I'm
not allowed to put it in any videos or
talk about it until someone like
September October which is so long away
but it will be worth it promise you it's
really really good I'm now walking to go
meet Holly I've just come back to gleam
and Holly saw me she's at the tube
station to meet me for lunch because I
finished with today's made to be a
meeting at one o'clock and then I didn't
know a half as well now I didn't realize
my photo shoot finished at one so I
missed my meeting my dad went for me
instead which is cool and now trying to
find the tube station they never clue
ever it is literally no idea I'm just
going to come in and walk him also my
hair might be a little bit frizzy today
because just one look at it because I am
you know whether little zigzag thing in
my hair I was wearing today and then
they wanted some pictures with it and
some without and when they went to come
put it in might like hair a makeup there
there the hair woman went in my hair and
accidentally snapped it she was like hey
look how good this pizza looks we've
come for lunch well he thinks it's a
good idea for her to teach me how to
ride she's over 21 and it's different
three years quasi Super Bowl each one is
a minimum see you I don't know I believe
you we will die amazing I just got to
London Bridge now is the shards their
London if you haven't seen it before is
like the biggest building in the world
it's not really and then we just had a
match Brighton and then I will platform
F to go to write on the bright oniel oh
yes this see posters where a posters
train now standing there for 323
oh look at all these little guinea pigs
guys what's the mummies run name poppy
poppy just gave class look at them
hello little babies you heard him I know
mommy she has to protect them
she doesn't anymore look she go for me
and I try to come up
alright guys I'm all tucked up into bed
I completely forgot to blog when I got
home my hands Enzo in so long and how
Mama's here as well or still is here
actually oh you can see the bed a little
bit Hey
the accompany see me can you hear this
woman speaking basically I've just
tweeted about it see probably saw last
night every single night zone I sleep
with sleep in apps on we use a couple of
different ones but the one that I mainly
use and this isn't sponsored I'm just
telling you because we've just been
tweeting about it it's called sleep
while also I might sound a little bit
Lisa just put in new braces these ones
have new ones and they're even tighter
right I'm going in the brother now guys
thank you so much for watching today I
hope you enjoyed it tomorrow I've got a
crazy busy full day of meetings personal
trainer hygiene s a meeting in town
who's texted me here's that Twitter
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed it please give the video a big
old thumbs up and I will catch you des
try and get twenty five thousand thumbs
up that is aim oh you can see my hand
I'll catch you tomorrow
good night
