good morning guys it is a lovely day and
we off to wireless so if you haven't a
nice day to look at the way that I
thought it wasn't wasn't going to be
very good so put on jeans but it's
already hotter than Y thought this
morning we went for breakfast in like a
super Instagrammer ball place and we had
the most typical and I'm not going to
tell you what we have a breakfast
comment down below what you think we had
I should have logged yet but I didn't
hear I did it took an Instagram hug but
up yet do you just love it when you're
getting in significant memory so just
talking to the camera of my five minutes
when to stop the clip and they'd already
stopped it south brilliant basically we
are about to get the overground to
Victoria and then we're going to get the
tube to wireless and we're going to meet
Polly and chain everybody there which is
good I'm excited here's our train
finally here
I'm ahead of the game thank you so much
guys I dreamt for some healthy
vegetarian food because apparently it's
really nutritious and I just try poppies
and it is delicious although look at
that kinda jealous of your pizza
so we're talking about heads recently
poly life he lives her family house is
northern families of those actually her
dog she was a Labrador Blue Jay needs
you're not even ready man there's next
young guy you guys know that was on
please sing along and if you don't just
sing along anyway you know just make
them up pick them and just to stoke any
words that come into your brain
even have
Marcus bother everybody yeah bugs bother
feed your nimble 2k15
Olly's but so excited she's run away
where she's going
Mali where you going she doesn't even
know
right in the one
my guys really been wireless if we don't
leave now
there is no Giants we're going to be
able to go home easily but if there are
so many powers and some people are here
there's not many me boy hey guys just
not many people only 50,000 I promised
Marcus and noemy a watermelon and I got
them a big old boy how are we going to
eat it nice quite punchy but the
watermelon is in the bag
now you need to like break it but it
will all stay within the back your uh
someone's probably in there I'm sorry if
you're sleeping in there I'm very sorry
going oh me too wait let no me hold it
let me see if you can lift it up yeah
go and drop it just throw it a little
bit up and then drop that this just cost
me eight I know I got a free packet and
I bargained him a free packet chewing
gum when you re
quick each an elfin
we've left wireless we are now at the
top of your hotel just having a few
cocktails and drinks and some sushi
loads alright nobody know where is the
cocktail bar nobody out you have a
cocktail recycle apple juice
guys ago some salmon way have you ever
tried it before never tried it all right
here we go I've got faith in you
why don't we go drink it ready yeah
we're heading home now guys that was
delicious
hi guys i am looking creepy as heck
because the lighting is coming off of my
laptop because there wasn't this then is
a still pretty bad it's still pretty
creepy today has been awesome it's been
such a long day the time is 148 in the
morning and I've got a photo shoot quite
early tomorrow morning in London I can't
tell you what it's for yet it's
something really really cool really
really awesome I will I will tell you as
soon as I can but I promise you it's for
something really really cool and yeah
that's about it if you enjoyed the video
please give it a big thumbs up last
night's video is smash net it is
currently on seventeen thousand seven
hundred and seventy nine likes so if
you're feeling nice give this video a
thumbs up and let's see if we can get
this one more than yesterday's and yeah
I'll see you tomorrow of course I'll be
daily vlogging because that's what I do
on this channel thank you so much
watching I love you so much when I say I
love you so much and thank you for
watching I don't I'm not just saying
that for the fact I'm saying it like I
genuinely mean it thank you for watching
this entire video means a lot to me
and I genuinely love you okay tomorrow
good
or so she'd have probably told you where
I am because it just looks like some
minor background and back in my sister
and Sean's flat in London I'm staying in
London again tonight I wasn't meant to
augment we go back to Brighton and then
get the train back to London super early
tomorrow morning but I just thought you
know what might as well just stay in
London but then get the train back at
like 8:00 a.m. tomorrow morning so I'm
back at my sister and she was flat and
they're actually gonna work tomorrow
morning really really early like 7
o'clock or something like that so I'll
have to wake up I need to set an alarm
right I'm dragging this one I'll catch
you tomorrow good night guys love you
