something is recorder everyone looks so
happy
Marcus is there everybody Marcus Butler
polish my love there is wearing it don't
happen again and then I want eat once to
see no I need finished fastest go good
no
gorgonzola
meet your mama now
I said we're doing
yeah
oh boy go on
I bet it got anything my today guys
already given see anyone
okay it is anyone that I'm not now we've
got to write this way we've got a
million stocks why this is our train
sorry about that
it's you've been back to change guys and
identify the right thing since we left
the festival I think I have I think I've
only film like two or three clips so far
today and it's already 8 o'clock in the
evening I am such a good dirty blogger
basically we're on the way to probably
insurance which I've never been to
before basically the reason why I've
left early today the others are all
still there is because I haven't got a
video for the daily ordinates Sunday and
I didn't upload last week another poorly
and I can't not give you guys a video I
wanna upload a video so Poppy's got low
photography equipment and stuff and
short house and fighting and things so
I'm going to head back to theirs now
I've just been to chase they've gone a
Gore my laptop and everything so I can
go back to theirs and then to film a
video
yeah I mean I'm still coming down yeah I
mean I'm still coming love why you just
hit it right there do you say we're
moving and only is non-communist to
film/video north but you guys are going
out oh your equipment I bought you that
equipment hiiiii are you don't you did
get look at that guy loving his life up
there on his balcony dancing it's over
look in eating his popcorn loving his
life go on lad go on boys and back a
papi insurance now and look on FaceTime
web NOLA NOLA hello hello baby
hello hello baby she looks like a devil
dog in this video I need a film also I
need to like do my hair and stuff I
should have a shave
I don't even know if I want my razor
with me I don't know I look a funny
color in this camera but my setup is
done and I'm about to start filming I've
got a camera here and a light here and
I'm ready oh my gosh my phone is going
nuts who is texting me literally seven
texts from Anna six text from Zoe in one
text Molly now eight texts Ramona geez
we have a group chat me Jonathan Anna
and Zoe 9 text from Anna
all they do is chat in this group chat
like lick I'm all I did was go put a hat
on and I've got like 59 million messages
from these guys my gosh I'm currently
editing the new video here and right now
and I need a shower because it was so so
hot from this video and they have a
crazy shower slash bar situation going
on here where's my hairband then we
could have put my hairband in and then
I'll take you downstairs to show you
their bath situation because it is nuts
right they also have this which is like
the most color-coordinated bookshelf in
the well
look at that sorry tumblr they want
their bookshelf back right let's go down
these little liquidy pick all these
stairs and go through here we'll turn
the light on very nice kitchen all you
already see anything then we come
through here to the toilet turn the my
time so but very nice twilit down there
hey are you doing and then over here
shower and then are you ready don't
don't do what the blue my neck is that
literally that it's like it's apparently
it's called a plunge pool
it is so deep like deeper than a bar
like it's knee-deep and I'm blooming
total as well guys under the shower but
what if what is this wouldn't look at I
want to put you on the side can you see
it from there I don't if you can see it
it's like literally you could fill it
with water and uh I mean I don't know
I'm doing this I'm 21 years old I'm left
in a house alone so I decide to hide in
the punchbowl
what is this bath situation it do I even
call it a bath I kind I need a shower
but I feel like it's just weird I feel
like I want to spit up do I take a
shower with this and just stand in there
or do I just say screw it I'm going to
have a plunge ball and just try it out
try to put should I fill it up with
water and then just have one of them and
just see what it's like I feel like I
might as well while I'm here they're
only they're only have three more weeks
you might as well make some use to that
my camera battery died which oh and this
one also has no charge Wow
I am I'm just so good so good at
vlogging just realize that I bought this
earlier found a chocolate brown in my
bag as well as a delicious-looking
nectarine look at that right didn't end
up having one of those weird bar
carthon's poppies just made white wait
why are you in my bed you just made me a
better than you've got in it
tell me something yeah my laptop better
let me get in my bed poppies just made
me a bed in their front room so this is
my bed for the night I'm going to teach
hoppy now how to play agario I'm strung
sure you guys know what Goryeo is a god
I Oh
if you don't you to bet like che plays
there pewdiepie plays is so funny all
right here we go sure let's decided to
get the hamster out there no Tommy
everyone what's his name hammy is
actually yeah oh you're gay come here is
not that is it hmm is so soft he's
actually a mister he's so calm Oh like a
pet hamster I just kind of like a small
kid get there um yeah I wanna be known
you better yet one of those things that
we listen Marty have I filmed it the
other day my daddy blog you need to go
he's really cool isn't it
hey mister he's so soft I can't even
describe guys Sinan hello yo weed bit me
huh not hard
he was just like testing me this guy
went missing for like two weeks
BRE Leila yeah and then we found him
again Richard under like the kitchen
cupboard oh did you stand I would you
literally ah what did you eat I finally
finished editing my new video after a
million trillion hours the time is
exactly 3:00 in the morning it is
exporting there which is basically the
same thing of saving is 12% saved Sabri
in the morning we're meant to begin up
tomorrow for breakfast at like 9:00
long-long norm of editon papi like to
goryeo
although she didn't have a go I'm going
to try and make her play some tomorrow
right I'm gonna go sleep now guys I'm
sorry that this vlog wasn't the best I
got done I will try and make tomorrow
more exciting and I will start early
because we are all going to go for
breakfast
apparently there's a really delicious
like healthy breakfast place around the
corner where we can get like like eggs
never Cardo on toast and stuff like that
so I'll catch you in like 6 hours or
something probably like 7 hours maybe
like 10 o'clock yeah thanks for the
sport thanks for watching today I will
catch you tomorrow give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it as always
you guys are always really supportive of
that and there it means a lot and I
appreciate it
so that's if we can get like 25,000
thumbs up or something ridiculous I
think I think yesterday's wanna just
looked now is on something like 16,000
likes at the moment let me have a quick
look it is counting on sixteen thousand
two hundred and fifty thumbs up see if
you're feeling sportive go down below in
this video and click the thumbs up this
if we can beat that and get like 25,000
or something right I'm gonna get sleep I
need to put my Invisalign braces in and
go to sleep I'll catch you tomorrow
good I went to wave I'd do my goodnight
at the same time good night
