is past 2:00 in the afternoon good
morning guys good morning how you doing
back on another trip littering the lost
blogger I was flying back from Sweden
today I mean I haven't shown you much
this morning because I didn't want to
put too much Airport footage epidamnus
either coffee shop
I didn't want to put too much Airport
footage in load of logs in a row long
story short the zone I are currently in
Amsterdam together for a couple of days
just chillin neither of us have ever
been here before
everything that looks nice we've got a
really cool place that we're staying at
and we've just been walking around for a
little bit and thought it was time to
fully start my blog and show you show
you around
it is like fresh like frosty fresh I'm
smoking weed I didn't even think about
that forgot I'm so I'm like I'm not into
that kind of thing I've never done that
before
but that is what some of these places
are about like the coffee shops I'm
obsessed with all of these little canals
just imagine living on like the
waterfront there that is the goal look I
got there he just has a little boat just
casually imagine that's just how he gets
around
oh it's having empty of water that's not
good news that's really not good news
I'm not jealous of him anymore
these boats flooded I also have what my
drone with me I don't know if you're
legally allowed cold-pressed juicer II
that's the one and then if you're
legally allowed to fly drones and I'm
Sam so I'm gonna have to have a Google
and search but if I could
remember what I want to do is fight
really long on the water and underneath
all the bridges and stuff that would be
sick we've come out today with manners
nice there's one drink left and it's
called the shear or the shot I mean I
don't think so the cyclists here are
crazy or maybe that's just normal and
I'm crazy not being aware enough of them
of them obviously people say that there
are a lot of cyclists over here in
Amsterdam
do you know why a bit hesitant to get by
why I feel like there's no other like
tourists on bikes it's all people that
actually is right around know what
they're doing yeah like I and I don't
know where you can and can't like cycle
or anything someone's coming in behind
us someone going hey look we could get
one of them and you sit in the front and
I cycle know this actually sit there
like some must be really good for the
environment here I've seen a lot of
Tesla's electric cars and a ton of
cyclists yeah eco eco-friendly living
come all the way to Amsterdam and we go
to lush to get a bath bomb for tonight
okay we're getting the very last Love
Boat
this is so cute
we need to press these so and I have no
idea when we can walk on one week on we
just watched these little signs over
here good morning guys
Oh I told you good morning guys good
morning how you doing
hope you're having a lovely day it's
Pancake Day today in the UK which I
don't think is the same day or maybe
just not a thing over here and I'm so
down what knee is a thing but it's not
the same day no one seems to be having
pancakes this morning I also fill up my
mouth just move already weirdly because
my face is so cold my mouth won't move
move move there we go but on the way to
look pancake look a pancake place but
it's like a 20 minute walk from our
hotel which we thought was a good idea
definitely should have jumped a taxi is
frozen frozen though it's got tons of
layers on underneath there this is the
thickest coat I brought with me to let
you like I've been back wow these looks
so cool these are all like permanent
house boats that's so sick imagine if we
could rent one for an air B&B and come
back and next time we stay on the water
like that oh my gosh that's awesome I
love all the canals here but so Beach
what want to come back one it's like
warm weather
yeah a little vote would just go around
for the day look pancakes
oh yeah it's got the good morning guys
de narcs oh my gosh
happy pancake hey guys yeah I may have
asked for some extra maple syrup as
you've got to live with this this is so
excessive
my pancakes are now swimming exactly how
I like it
we have to jump in a car oh that would
have been good if I left my mobile
wouldn't know we've got everything yeah
just jumped in a taxi to come to ou
can't see the sunglasses come to the
bank to museum when we were picking up
our luggage in the airport there were
some advertisements for the bank's
Museum and we were like y'all we have to
go there once we're here you're matching
with a branding cause piece yeah oh
that's course yeah not that big though
get that Pokemon go out
it's like 2:00 a.m. pointlessblog tweet
no this one is sick we just been to the
little gift shop what did we buy in here
we bought the gallery Banksy because
it's thought whoa this is crazy
are you allowed to sit on the bed yeah
it just looks like you're so out of
place
I love it guys this is the jet power in
this tree outside just going crazy chat
in oh my gosh I love her stop speaking
as soon as I get my camera
we've just left now just now I was
really cool you know I'm into a museum
in yes
check this bakery guys
looks insane we've just come into Prada
they're the coolest shoes ever look at
those we've just painted Zoe to come in
look what this is so crazy the corner
this the back doors here or wing open no
they're above are you doing about there
I'll be driving that we've just come to
a corner bakery and you love in this
brand oh it's so nice
Zoe just got the most ridiculous drink
you've ever seen in your life
that's literally a meal on top of your
drink I don't know how you're gonna eat
that
you are never gonna finish that that's
the biggest BLT I've gone avocado smash
it better yeah that portion is
ridiculous
I'm looking forward to having half of
that
yeah a few hours have passed we're
headed back to the hotel had a little
chill out watched a couple of YouTube
videos Zoe had a bathroom warmed up and
we're back out getting some grams
getting those oh that's really nice get
some pictures in the freezing cold
however although it is cold I'm very
aware of just how lucky we are that the
sky is completely blue like the weather
is beautiful and I feel super super
lucky to have that we are on our way
we're having a little mingle first
little shop around and then we're on an
awkward by this guy's bike sorry and
then we're but on our way to I'm still
kinda crossroads on our way to Anne
Frank's house as I bought some tickets
when she was planning this trip for us
to go and visit all the don't think I'm
allowed to vlog in there and stuff is
we've got to be super super respectable
when you're there and excited to go
along and experience and see what it's
like because obviously it's one of the
biggest books ever in the world
so it's can recall to experience yeah
the amount of copies that it's sold is
just unfathomable unfathomable so it's
gonna be cool to to go along and see it
firsthand see what we've heard so much
about we're currently in nine nine
streets
I don't know yes I called up shopping
base we're currently 10 minutes early to
Anne Frank's house but this is this is
the Instagram spot here everyone is in a
smash in the photos I've just uploaded
one go get my new it's camera light guys
it's just gone up by the time you're
watching this I hope you enjoy it hope
you like it
we've got like a 10 minute wait and then
we're gonna do it thank you
okay so kind of a guide to just realized
that that's the end of the blog but also
I didn't film a proper ending we went to
Anne Frank's house and experienced the
museum which was your unbelievable like
so educational I think I learnt the most
there then any Museum of ever love with
Zoey and I have those little
walkie-talkie kind of things that you
listen to somebody speaking as you're
walking around learnt so much really
really interesting if you deaf if you go
down somewhat definitely definitely
advise you go I can't handle this the
next day this blog was a little bit
disheveled just tons of random clips
added together from the first two days
in Amsterdam so I hope you enjoyed it if
you did give it a thumbs up go down
below tomorrow's vlog were back to
normal style film content big day
tomorrow no proposal I've seen tons of
people tweeting me saying that I'm
proposing on Valentine's that didn't
happen did it happen sorry no it did not
happen guys did not happen but there was
something big that happened today
which will be in tomorrow's vlog and we
just got back from a sex museums that's
in Tamar's blog as well yeah hope you
enjoy the video I'll see you tomorrow
normal daily vlog yeah see you later
good bye subscribe if you're not already
babe over bait
