good morning guys good morning hi yeah
oh no my gym my equipments all stolen I
never got it but we're not gonna let
that affect the day we're also not going
to let the awful parking situation I
just had set the day either because I've
literally been driving around and around
and around and around in circles trying
to find a parking space for the last 20
minutes but I found one it's all good
and now it's time to crack on with today
I'm just pretty smart today you know
even though it's not very nice weather
it's so completely raining I'm I'm
feeling it I'm feeling today I feel good
guys check the breakfast I've got a lot
a fruit veggies vegan sausage rolls
apparently it's happening look how many
things we've got to build today so far
we've done this little unit here and
then as you come through here we've got
oh not a hair dryer didn't build that
we've got this little unit mornings
building a bed currently moving out guys
means I've broken off those Declan
Christmas too early so just thought get
my flat for a bit
why does this hurt so bad oh shut up
poppy I'll explain in a minute wine here
get away
it's not Sami what a bloody are you here
I'm just telling that this is my new
flat and I'm moving out let's lit you I
just said I said literally like 30
seconds of God's light you put the
Christmas decorations up too early I'm
moving out for a bit I've had enough and
then you just turn guys this isn't even
close to our house this is like a
25-minute drive from my house your
girlfriend senses he'll get shower
always up to something not good and you
were just in here someone and I just
like people don't even know where I am
yet I haven't even explained but yeah go
on press the button we're currently
booked in some flights for LA poppies
here's more now just trying to distract
us from working was it not work we're
trying to book some flights or a
business trip I've got coming up and
everything is possibly going wrong we
need two seats one seat got books
separately and got a business class
which is very nice but now the second
see if we can't book let alone look
business costs to be next to me boring
story time and just be like reading your
blog then are we going to Lisbon I mean
it's already been announced yes it's
gonna say it's already been announced
that I'm speaking it I'm doing a speech
like I'm doing a talk in front of 15,000
people next month
and nearly couldn't book the flights
nearly can do it this is what happens
when you hang out father come on Sonny
on the phone
literally all she ever does we've come
to town to help probably get any laptop
probably into the Apple store her screen
is absolutely smashed up and she
literally want edit bitches
unfortunately they didn't have the
laptop that we were looking for however
we can order online and get it in like
three days or something so that's what
we're gonna do going into game now
didn't realize it's half turn that is so
busy guy is like insane just sat down
for a cheeky little bit of sushi he
managed to get my PlayStation came into
town for two things actually three
things no one like we've got number two
my playstation we've got number three
Papi's laptop we didn't manage to get
but we will get it's been good
successful quick trip to town hello
Missy we've had some deliveries whilst
we've been out we've had so many
deliveries just waiting by the front
door with me hello hello all right let
me just get these in now that should go
outside should we take you out to the
toilet daddy's home and we can go to the
toilet Nala quickly quickly
go run for your life go for a wee do
whatever you want even ever poo my name
is Rory thing a bloody weird shower and
do what you would you can even go for a
poo right oh crap they've got the
windows open Missy I've got the best
idea oh I think you've got the same one
maybe it's not the best I was gonna say
Jon the guy so I can get treat but I
guess you kind of already kind of
already on that idea aren't ya oh all
right I didn't know you go up there
apparently you do let me go in here and
get you a treat no you can't get
yourself one blow minute look at her she
knows what she's doing back home the
vlog has just gone up just finished
editing it uploading it it's currently 5
o'clock in the evening I need to pop
back over to the office check that the
team are all good everything is going ok
and then I can cheer for the rest of
that I still need to explain where I
even was this morning guys this is the
combo without rocking today socks and
sliders but my trousers rolled up but
these little weird socks
I don't know why I'm not like fashion
guru on YouTube you know why mine I'm
gonna do that well there's no one
sponsoring me for my socks slider combo
if you want to sponsor this video email
down below hello
lebec oh now watching the bake-off with
pizzas it's just about to go up to bed
and then realize that Percy hasn't got
much water left
have you made what tonight has been a
super chilled one just like watching
bake-off which I'm actually getting
quite into you know like I always
thought it was just a program for my mom
and pop pay and Zoey
and I used to just like be in the room
whilst they were watching it but not
really pay attention it's actually
pretty good not gonna lie I'm actually
pretty pretty pretty enjoying it quite
enjoy him this season a bake-off oh my
gosh
Zoey has done an a sauce shop for me two
of the biggest bags you guys know that I
like really shop on on on him a
Playstation I need my playstation
I don't really shop on a sauce this not
that I don't like their stuff it's just
I like trying stuff on and obviously
it'd be an online shopping you can't try
stuff on sorry this is like the worst
vlogging angle in the world if you saw
the video that we did on Zoey's Channel
probably about two months ago now it was
boyfriend Ozma I saw shop so I went on
to a slot and bought loads of stuff that
I not that I think is all we would like
but things that I would like because OE
to wear as I was just on the same for me
so coming up in a vlog soon I'm gonna
open it up all of that stuff and showing
you what though you would like me to
wear it's gonna be fun and it's gonna
amaze it for me because I did you get a
load of free clothes like Zoe's bought
them all I can't I can't even tell you
how much my ulcer is hurtin we don't
have any bonjela my mom tried to call me
half an hour ago why she's calling me at
10 o'clock at night hello how's it going
ah okay it's time to set up the
PlayStation what I didn't tell you is
that I went in there and I was just like
guys what is the cheapest PlayStation I
can possibly get from you that I can
take
today and they said it comes with either
GranTurismo or it comes with fee for 18
I'm not really into either of those
games like I like playing Fifa but it's
not something that I would buy so I said
which one which one if I sell it back to
you is worth more money there's a Gran
Turismo we get 30 pounds back if you
sell it to us I said okay I'll buy the
PlayStation that comes to Gran Turismo I
bought it instantly after buying it like
I didn't even leave the queue I just
said hey can I say you Gran Turismo and
he was like yeah of course you can so I
just open the box literally opened it
with a pen from the desk took out Gran
Turismo and sold back to them for 30
pounds genius you know
genius making those smart business moves
it may be eight minutes past midnight
but it's finally happening
my game is downloading 89 minutes left
90 min 90 minutes left
