good morning guys man it feels good to
say that you know i'm going to say
they're like four days because i've been
ill I am finally got all my stuff packed
up I'm okay I'm off to London today
until either saturday night or sunday
morning i'm not quite sure yet all i
know is i need to film a sunday video
and have filmed yet but today i'm off to
London to go meet Jay and my sister and
Sean tonight and Holly tomorrow for
wireless festival I'm super excited I'm
feeling better this is the longest reign
in the world how is it taking so long
towards the end of the Train I'm still
not even close kind of off the train now
forgot to even say that and we're going
to a little place called the blue boat
and with Sarah and chimoy chimoy that is
your day this place looks nice good
choice oh yeah we'll just sit here in
here look how pretty this is the guys
whoa my gosh oh my god that is so close
before we get to wireless i thought i
would be very sophisticated and got a
very large glass of red wine
delicious I'm very very strong you
supposed to face that you spit it out
man I just smell it is met you smell it
you like very good how is your whoa I
thought you'd already drunk that much I
was like King my water how's your fizzy
water yeah the bubbles are went up my
nose it's great kind of trying to be
healthy guys yeah this looks good
Sarah's just shown me but the London
Bridge just here right are we actually
going to go to wireless guys yeah let's
say you see the thing you just said are
we gonna get it so we're gonna go to one
keeping all of this in okay we're just
gonna say to him please are we getting
out of wireless oh my god the music CSI
was halfway shake it out here go get it
go get in that hi guys we are actually
gonna get was now waiting to get a was
like you have to be at my house or my
flat whatever at eleven o'clock eleven
don't be late as I k i'll be there 12
got here for four hours he decided to
make a thumbnail wasn't even a good one
in the end really it wasn't even to go
to 17 what was it out of 10 how good was
just um now i know it's about three
definitely attend yeah hey right now you
might not hear me ask only 22 for honey
farms head already on the way to
wireless Jay thinks he's gonna get one
of these
some of them have five pounds strapped
to them as you can see look at it you're
already asking how to do it I don't
wanna press forward as much as you want
then sideways be only get let go it
stops that's it gone boy going you got
that fiber oh my gosh Jess che don't
collect your fiber let your fiber
go get your fiber those things are
impossible guys don't waste your money
on them and then we're the right place
guys wanna find nine which is the guest
entrance there is too many entrances at
places like this a dreamer of ridding
how far we had to walk to get to the
orange analyzer and whoever it was oh my
gosh we're walking along a river for
like half an hour and I'd all my camping
stuff with me geez look at this it's
inside where's X that's 11 I don't know
where nine is my people forgetting to do
this thing called clogging not used to
I'm not looking like four or five days I
just got to cranberry and vodkas and
chase got cranberry and vodka and a
little beer and all the others we've met
with all the size men and it's me all of
them are here all out there seeing is it
me major legs ample own making
I don't know Jay does go in that cool
air and I bet palam and he was to bear
thousand pounds obviously that is not
going to happen but i bet him like
nothing that i will be able to find him
out there let him and sarah are out in
the crowd someone else I don't worry you
guys go out I'm gonna go get a drink oj
and I will find you so that is my
challenge our drinks are drunk it is now
time to try and find Cara also had a
good week really nice for the judge g4s
cope except from the tap didn't work
other than that really really nice
toilet
Oh
Oh
look how good this chicken burger looks
oh my
guys we can carry liaison one's going up
of one's going down boy that looks so
good that looks oily yes Joe tried to do
some wiped it off did it work out what
is he doing no I know the grass we're
about to see Drake guys
Wow
wait let me see let me see yes y'all oh
that's why wouldn't I look so good
honest a different color very guard
Roger metal
Oh
yes
alright we've just left wireless guys
it's really really good we're walking
back or we're not walking all the way
walking to get an uber and chain wants
to buy one of these all of that no you
couldn't wait who just said yo 69b have
you not seen the rejection I'd be per
kilogram you know that's video where
someone like its elastic band then you
take chances and you keep going yeah and
then it goes doom randomly it's like
crazy Jenga I don't have that many last
abandon you had your German elastic band
ball at home will happen by Iran or we
could just buy a couple of leaks each
talking about okay what do you want to
buy given that's not cold I want it like
every human driver is canceling all
right still coming my guy watch glee
we've had three drivers canceled on us
so far this could be my new video guys
the watermelon challenge let's see you
sell elastic bands like two amazing
we could be in luck guys we could be in
luck oh here we go we could be in luck
we could do a million hip and butt of
the good fit come on elastic bands and
might be in silly I literally can't see
any come and help me find them did you
order another either yes chef oh yeah
but there's not for in a packet that
like take 200 packages well if you're
serious I then you compose the shop in
the mall I don't ever know time actually
I'm I'm eating it oh no you would have
done it what being Shauna off we are
about to go and get the tube it is just
started raining perfect i'll i'm glad we
left bro miss the rain alright we're
just heading back to chase now should we
get some food first she is food to get a
little bite
just a cheeky a couple of like maybe
chicken nuggets no actually no we don't
we don't need much okay go in there Oh
sick oh well that's just good is Nets
closed wait knowing in a nerve you see
harry potter thank you so much mr. taxi
driver hola it did work the doors just
opened VA yeah literally those doors
just opened automatic can you not fit
for this you know magician hello oh
there's awkward there's actually
something that all right guys we're back
at chase and I don't even know if I just
filmed the look at my hair look how long
its get in I am I don't even know if I
just filmed the pizza and chicken that I
just kind of eight but it was good it
was delicious we just nip to like her
you know one of those grimy pizza places
it was like ten times worse than
Domino's but it tasted good I don't know
if you guys saw yesterday Oh some in the
way of my camera one second I don't know
if you guys saw yesterday a video went
up on the moms I view youtube channel
I'm sure you probably have seen it but
if you haven't then please please please
click down below I leave a link down
below to it I worked super hard on the
video I like filmed edited it did
everything by myself and a lot of effort
went into it and i think it is genuinely
really really good videos for the fourth
of july in America and there's lots of
stuff in the videos if you're American
then there are links down below of the
video where you can get stuff and if
you're from the UK then of course you
can get some of the stuff too so be sure
to go check that out it is a really good
video go show it loads of love like as
much as you possibly can go give it
loads of thumbs up go comment on it
saying lovely stuff like really really
nice comments and I don't see how many
thumbs up we can get it at the moment I
think it's on like two thousand so let's
see if we can get it to like 10,000 I
think there's like four or five hundred
thousand people that watch these videos
so even if just like 10,000 of you went
over and liked it that would be crazy
yeah I don't really know what I've loved
today I feel like I haven't blogged too
much I need to get back into this wrong
barring that I did I do that I used to
do when he had like four or five days
off but it feels like a blob teenagers I
like it I miss it right tomorrow I will
promise to vlog more and i'll try and
make better videos I'm so tired I'm
going to get sleep now guys but didn't
tell you my chains flat in London which
is the first time i've been to this flap
it is really really cool i really like
it and he also lives with Sarah cloyce
sure you guys know who that is YouTube
singer and that is it I'll catch you
tomorrow thanks so much for watching
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it let's see how many if we get
if we can get how many we can get I'm
back plugin give it a thumbs up here if
you're excited and chasing us pajamas
over there you get well your hair looks
you like Carly and down like good thing
yeah I like that alright shaking that to
my vlog thanks guys good night
