hey guys I'm here with Zoe honestly all
I can taste in this room is the
hairspray yeah like so in my mouth
anyways
Cornetto got in touch with me because
they've got a new campaign on at the
moment called break the ice they're
using this hashtag here
hashtag break the ice so ice breakers
are designed to break the ice that make
it not right there hmm I say you're
right knows I'm like this with her right
you see all my laps you know let's start
with school first breaking the ice in
school I swear there was some lessons
where it's just like half the lessons we
just spent breaking the ice right drama
drama I love drama did you do drama no I
did it in I did it in general school at
year 7 to year 9 I did you sissy as well
in my drama lesson we um had to stand in
a circle I think we had a ball and it
was a hot potato so you would be nice
though yeah we say one thing you love
and then pass on as quick as you can not
even look at yeah okay can everybody in
the classroom say their name and a fact
about them that nobody knows he's freeze
and then it get to me and I'll be like
oh my name is Alfie and what is a fact I
feel saying did it'll empty you out your
with loads of people and it's like
you've got your fact you like right
my name's Zoe let's all right before you
say anything your oh my god oh oh and
then I would literally be like the same
as max there and then obviously you've
got icebreakers in the workplace yeah I
had a job interview once for a shop
called Republic and I went along I was
thinking on though we're gonna have to
let Sears interview I sit down with the
manager and be like yes I think I'd be
really good for the job due to my
academic studies or some of this got
there there was like 36 people applying
for one job they cleared the whole shop
floor and they were like right we're
gonna do icebreakers the whole evening
and then we're gonna pick somebody and
we'll get in contact with you guys and
who gets the job I think got the job
oh good thank you very much thank you
the big icebreakers is relationships
although even just relationships just
meeting people and also like approaching
someone that you really like or you've
never spoken to like that
you'll like I think he's really fit now
what am I gonna do you could walk away
and think about it for the rest yeah
it's not so much like the fancy and part
of it like the like sir will you be my
girlfriend kind of thing because you've
gone past the Icebreaker then it's like
the how can we make this more than
friends and I think with that it's it's
so much just built up in your head like
it's so much more of a big deal in your
heads than what actually is have you
ever had any situations like that no
yeah but I'm not I was never like that
was I one girlfriend before you yeah I
mean ultimate player right here I think
personally when it comes to boys the
most awkward stage for me was like
school and school discos where it would
come to the end or discos were the worse
it would come to the end of the night
and the slow-solid come on mostly Robin
Williams angels and then I would be like
wait oh look baby look busy because I
didn't want anyone to ask me to dance no
always be ever done just really no but
you kind of knew Eli's dance at school
we had discus load on so yes everyone
else would do it no one did that no but
think how much confidence they had to
have to go and ask someone to dance with
them I would I don't know how to doc I'm
gonna I'm gonna go get a busy port it's
midnight it my carriage is waiting
amazing like oh is that that for me was
like uh no one did that in my school
like we had this guy's but the ultimate
when everyone gets into it would be like
Bob the Builder when Bob the Builder
class I booed yeah all right YMCA that's
when he gets crazy oh my god
ha I never used a daughter like that I
wouldn't even know how to dance
if somebody asked me out did you know
how to slow dance yeah this is all we
did this is all people did right so the
boys would put their hands on the girls
waist
the girls have put their arms around the
boys at this and then they were just got
this overall good or bad what do you
think of them I think they're good I
think that it's an easy
to kind of really hype up in your head
and think I've done that so wrong I was
so cringe but at the end of the day it
boosts your confidence doesn't it like
you never know unless you the whole
point of an icebreaker is to like break
the ice break the ice
and like whether or whether or not you
enjoy it in that moment at time of doing
it it was looks like that that's what it
is and if you guys have any really funny
stories around any of the things we've
talked about leave them in the comments
below because there must be some there
must be so some relationship icebreakers
there has to be some out there there's
also a link to the original two sides
video in the description box it is on
the Cornetto global youtube channel it's
a go check it out and that's about it
yes anyways guys I'll catch you tomorrow
with a new video thanks
