good morning guys today is is it Friday
I kind of lose count of the days that we
you know they all just merge together
I'm just having a little play with this
one we are playing with piggy we're
playing with piggy yeah we're playing
with piggy so Jim is on the way back
from Paris guys and he's just come back
in London now he is expected to be home
any second so that's why I've got the
lead on Nala because if he comes home we
don't want her to run out the front door
what are you doing why are you biting
your lead why not bite Nellie even even
Lily Oh Jim thinks that we're going home
today
and we're actually not we're staying
another night tonight but he thinks that
we're going home tonight and he was like
please guys I get back a1 from various
don't leave too early so I just waited
saying that we had to leave and we're
not going to see him but we'll see him
soon news I don't believe you this is a
lie and then I just tweeted like just
generically without tagging him saying
that way that one the way back to
Brighton so hopefully he's seen that he
thinks that we've actually left when we
haven't so he's also getting her hair
you get it cuts as well trimmed little
bit trimmed and getting it dyed in the
kitchen just over there but I'm just
playing with Nala and Tom's getting
ready as well and then Jim will be back
in a minute and we can like go for lunch
it was to take an all out for a walk
this morning I jogged out I don't if you
saw on snapchat yes so to go out and
another walk on my I don't know what to
call it the hoverboard monorover thing I
was on that was holding her lead just
like scooting along it's really cool
Danya yeah can we have an update where
Jim is please oh yeah and so Tana has
got the app called friend finder which
basically pinpoints on a map where
somebody else is if they accept their to
accept you it's not somewhere like
stalking oh no medium got it when we
first moved to London
how many minutes about 10 minutes away
Oh sometimes I don't know if you're
filming me and then I get we shot some
that's you can see yourself it's not
flipping little screen up above the
camera so I sometimes look here barbar
than there
I really want my camera safe have you
know got this come back as Jim got it I
did a vlog I've locked once and gene and
once in mayor thing you need to vlog
more I want to I did enjoy it
Jim always says that when I'm vlogging I
really enjoy myself furnished it is nice
and I like how instant it is like yeah
and just you can't remember you Alphaeus
love me because I get so excited when I
vlog but sometimes I'll edit it and I'll
upload it that night because yeah time
time then logs the same day today you've
seen it if I don't do it every day p.m.
it would be like if I block today I'll
probably edit him put it up tonight
maybe I should block and they're not my
dogs in bed yeah see I probably like
stop vlogging at you know last I ended
on the sofa dinner when watching TV what
did we buy yesterday that we didn't do
so now should we wait for Jim I think I
think we need someone stronger come on
look at that
check out that beat muscles that's it
now that screech okay so I bought a you
don't need a screwdriver no you don't I
bought a you know one of these you see
what the healthy people in Instagram
having like the white coconuts like
they've had order let the skin stuff cut
off and then people just drinking it for
straw like oh I'm drinking a coconut and
I saw one yesterday in a shop and I was
like I have to get that just as if it
actually tastes good
so we bought like a a whole coconut
yesterday I have no idea how to open it
or do any Japs drawers that's good too I
showed them what it is and this is the
coconut it doesn't look like a normal
coconut when I was younger my coconuts
were like no yours was now very handsome
young coconut oh that's not the same one
no my thought is the same but they just
chopped off the skin isn't that make it
a Shakespeare then we're gonna tell me
I'm wrong now but I'm sure we don't know
what it is you can attempt to eat it I
think it's a young coconut that's what
it's like
empty got scammed they cost another
fiver as well right
this is Tanya's utensil choice look how
ridiculous that is to open a coconut
this is a machine a corkscrew great idea
between the pack one of those of course
you do
this would be perfect I don't if it's
gonna be you know how are you gonna get
it in well you have to keep the thingy
up and just screw it is it going in if
it boy if you're gonna get like this
she'll stuff all in there oh it's not
like a yeah let's just leave Todd you
think about you have to twist it back
how it was right give me a straw Chuck
that has not worked as it worked by
business like it say what no okay just
wait there
yeah well I really don't feel time
should be the one doing this Alfred and
trust me I want you to get to be the one
that gets to go through though
I mean like number guys Jim sexting
Tonya and he doesn't believe that we've
left not a total target even whipped out
happy burger his mom's birthday
dinner and he's like no I don't
I say we just actually leave let's just
go all of us and you let's all go to
Brighton my guys we can hear him getting
out of a taxi outside so we've hidden
okay I'm gonna leave to come here sounds
in my hands I'm going out right now I'm
so my free mobile dinner party you get
on a Genia with the wife surprise
yeah gonna got for dinner oh you said
tonight yeah after everybody doubted me
alone you gone and done it
I need the keys mm-hmm
that's actually pretty nice sir but I'd
really like that
what's soft nice coconut more - yes I
really like and I don't normally like
you know that popular on that everyone
has like okay yeah I don't know it's
like proper coconut Jim come and try
this sister suck it up that's good just
fine it'll happen it's better than
nothing it just fit the store look at
how basically just mashed it with
scissors and - Ken - is Zoey try this
you will like that I don't like it but I
like that you know I get it's the
consistency Tanya's made proper friends
now
they love ready
Zoe's has just finished are you happy
with it
wait stand stand right she'll be arms by
your side the ball pattern of that right
and now spin spin and throw I know you
need to be on my Segway thing cuz then
you'll be like a sim I'm basically
making you like a Sims character yeah I
love it
alright we're going out for lunch now it
looks really good I really like the
blonde like the color of the blonde is
not to like Oh Rhonda long 10 from 10
all time I was in Paris wow guys I'm
actually being healthy it's working I
think I decided chicken and I got some
at least courgette prize I basically
just copy Jim yeah exactly he got you
choice and look at all this oh man
these are truffle fries which literally
my favorite you guys know how much I
love truffle hey jobs so we are now out
in shopping and I think we're going to
nosh hello I can't see I feel like we
all like inci yeah can we have a bath
tonight all four of us wait Tania was
Jim's punishment for being late we all
get to wax Jim's bum tonight that's what
we agreed yes we do is your bum hairy
that means it is what now we all get to
accent Bobby tonight because he was in
Paris that was the agreement
it's a luscious Turner campaign alive I
swear there basically is for the LGBT
community and they're saying gay is okay
I think that's so cool that they're not
just like doing the campaign me that
actually put it on soap and yeah
say go out and buy one of these and
tweet me a picture of you holding our
climate stances on your forehead
Jack Neil come on put it on your arm
remove me loads in your hair glittery
Arnold healthy lungs melting and I hold
it so you know and hold out the picture
and I'm just going to go so cool it
smells really bad
healthy gone Jim also I'm having a
stupid no not a scoop oh no one is
looking watches it you have to lick it
also you have to lick it you just have
to do it there's no odds
oh you're bringing me tea
yep English isn't your stuff oh no miss
gun yo this is a heavy boy garlicky
boy it's like a solid pace nah that's
not you bad
look at ah have you guys seen over there
yo boy
hello Zoey mother now I want to play
some kids I want to be a baby is it
going to be loud for this we're back
from where we were when we last filmed
when I last felt like I had the best
bloggers in the world Marla's their
liquor because this little one it's
creeping on the floor hey baby
even a nicely no she doesn't love me
more
she was just sleeping over here and now
you made a walk over there
Jim when you gonna get your dog a I
wasn't listening
I was on out there so I'm gonna get your
dog tomorrow Jim wants a dog now like
right now and Padma Tanya doesn't want
one for another couple of months cause
she's super busy yeah it wasn't that
it's not ready for my husband have an
embryo ha ha
I just have me beat oh yeah you could
take why don't you oh my gosh
I'm see Jim joy then come on Jim you can
get in there I'll be New Orleans good in
a bit Oh what
it's a bottle of water no man handle it
ha ha doggy in there as well okay and
why don't ya oh they do
come on Emma see let's take you on a
walk let's let you do a wee-wee before
we go out for dinner
now let's not coming out for dinner of
us tonight so just taking out for a
quick little walk to go for a wee I
thought I packed black jeans turned out
there were they were gray shorts so I
packed a shirt for tonight and then
shorts not very good this is where we're
coming for dinner tonight
made in Italy apparently is the best for
pizzas and pasta
so this is our burrata looks amazing
then this is the pizza that's Tom's
that's mine and Zoe's
look so this was a good play start good
shout Oh playing odd sod what is this
stuff about something vinegar the
antennae of applause
they get Amish there it's not Tanya's
desserts arrived at is Nutella something
it looks amazing
hi guys look at this
I've written that down in my phone I'm
gonna lock it so we're going to take
turns saying numbers 1 2 4 whoever it
says the number first library on there
has to pay okay you're joining her first
time you said what you are not paying 38
no 1 to 4 you are not paying what we got
wonderful so it's between medium to pay
if we get the grade already same 3 you
are not paying why did I play this game
2 equals paying
I don't okay competition we're not
heading back to the this sign here we
have to touch it it's over you go film
it and you go film this for me little
one back there trying to look in through
the shop
can you run ahead and film this for me
you're gonna break it don't hit it too
hard oh my God look how creepy that is
oh my god I saw it move alright let's
look at this woman she's gonna pop up
here oh yeah Oh cute little baby bump
look at this lady
this is Alfie's new girlfriend what
would you do if I just blinked
good cry oh I'll see wait wait wait
oh you can go Jenny you can do it good
for me yeah over jumping's on the
discuss you just ate pizza that's why I
can eat it no one read you I'm gonna do
it quickly
I'm good you can't reject go Jim you
have this is your last shot Jim this is
your last shot
yeah well done
Zoey and Oliver on a swing good if she's
enjoying it or not she she won't relax
there we go guys
that's cute isn't it I swing it a little
bit
yay all right she booked a taxi in a
minute yeah I love how I said that in
the Nala boys should we book a taxi in a
minute
Jim's over the other side of the park
somewhere my little hoverboard segway
you can see the lights just flashing
along the floor timber comes on like it
that should be surprisingly easy to it
is once you get it yeah actually you got
it superfast to remind me when you get
it that whoa how fast can you spend ha
ha we just got back home and look at
Zoe's top she's just got changed pajamas
and I think it's really cute where did
you get that from someone made it for me
at what are you exciting no so cool I
really like it
hello Shafi jack chaps hello chaps
hello chumps hello Chum pets jump so I'm
just gonna end like archival um you guys
I got a little floating head down here
is that what suppose these guys are
reducing my videos oh I think we are
just watching miss stop fighting for
stuff I'm really good make me so happy
right now it's really good it's making
me so happy right now
she's was completing it with me cuz I
wanna sleep down here
one well oh one down here so yeah if you
enjoyed the video give it a big old
thumbs up now if you're excited for
tomorrow when Tania is gonna do the
chicken nugget challenge or what works
in Jim's bone you on that happened give
the video a thumbs up you're not going
in her mother Jim where are they going
pop Jim's bum alright if you want that
to happen give a thumbs up and I will
catch you tomorrow good night
