good afternoon guys it is a lovely day
today
let me show you the outside show you the
weather this is what it looks like I'm
in mid and auto or somebody's ringing me
my sister
one moment hi my sister if you didn't
know
if I haven't told you guys before
literally calls me how many times
yesterday I feel bad for saying this
everything she calls me seven times a
day
so yesterday I called her three times in
the space of about 20 minutes and just
nothing to talk about just be like hi
yeah we up to and she's like what are
you doing you pranking me and I haven't
told her yet the reason I did is because
that's what she does to me anyways
anyways anyways anyways it's a beautiful
day we are on the way to where we go in
go little one behind us here it's just
having a little nap you having a nice
sleep is
she's having it nicely I haven't any
breakfast yet or coffee or drink or I
also kind of miss my dentist woman this
morning now I'm bad with timing sorry
you because that's the first I've ever
heard you admit that outfit I know I'm
not that bad okay basically step is to
acknowledge basically guys what happened
is I thought my disappointment 11
o'clock so even I even had a taxi
waiting outside to take me to the
dentist at at like quarter to 11:00 and
then I let me quickly check my diary
just before I get there check my diary
it was like 10 o'clock and I was like oh
I missed it so I rang them up and
they're like don't worries on your 15
minute little checkup that's the goal I
want in front
it's only a 15 minute checkup let's just
put it in for next week so when's that
I've now got it instead so stupid
typical Alfie nevertheless we're still
going to have a good day we're going to
positive day Jim is currently yeah we're
not gonna know
we were banking there's an amazing
service station that has like there's
another cause I warned
there is the service station ahead that
has Papa John's McDonald's Burger King
KFC Starbucks Marks & Spencer's like
absolutely everything immediately love
it oh yeah oh my gosh I could so do with
like new doors or something they even do
sushi they even do sushi what do we do
but we're not going in that direction
I don't know
he did look very happy it
one happy happy so we've arrived at
Tanya and Jim's house that Jim's not
here it's just Tanya's we've just bought
too much food literally too much food
for this barbecue look at all of these
goodies oh my gosh there is so much
stuff and outside here and then look how
nice their kitchen is this house is
lovely Todd thinks she's the barbecue
queen what's going on yes I'm very
experienced and we need to get a ton of
fire lighters because that's weird
laughing it worked happen when we asked
you in in Waitrose how many have you
said about too many you don't even want
to know so I'm expecting there to be a
lot matches you know Moe matches a whole
nother story so we got barbecue here did
we want this in the barbecue we thinking
flowers who this thing here is from like
a little barbecue you know you like the
little ones you have in the park we
bought one of them
we took this sack out so that we can
light it in here and then hopefully
where's the metal grill bit we actually
arts over there okay then we're going to
put that on top of it in then cook the
food Jim is the real man he is the adult
ask three like kids so I don't know how
I don't know how it's gonna work
knowledge also here you having a good
time she's hot you can learn them I'm
like exploring probably when you master
around my new house what are we doing I
can't see you or some cheese so these
are fire lighter smoke disgusting oh my
god I love that you like that smells so
good like it's a pet release mouse oh my
gosh disgusting isn't except full of
styrene
do you know what it smells like it
smells like when shoe polish when my dad
used to polish his shoes oh my god like
you know like a lawnmower that you drive
around yeah like the petrol well my
favorite smell is freshly cut grass are
you doing really weird Oh guys I think
we're making a barbecue okay right so
fire lighters you need
but we have to like the four-point
suspect but also we need to make little
and houses around them with the coal
with lost the barbecue times
Oh fine don't worry yes and we're making
like the old houses and I just think the
more the merrier the most violators or
you can see something holding that will
be shaky it's hard get your shake out oh
yes time did it
hey yes it always making at all why is
that why'd you have to make a little
house around and just so that the coals
will light nicely and really should we
do this in a cream dress yeah look at
your dress new today so so now we need
matches oh you bought them they're in
the other hand yeah these are the most
oh there we go just throw it in surely
no you know throwing you have to like
the four corners special places special
thing is first we need to make four
pawns of this bag come on wine our lolly
phase alone yes turn one down that's
iolite it on okay that's two oh it makes
me away from fence Jim if your new house
goes down in flames
I can't Sam your foot five this is your
blamin oh it smells so good
why is his father to way out here I
don't see all the time someone doing it
guy know that you helped us you're gonna
set on fire
there you go yeah moving hey it's
getting there guys I think we put a bit
too much coal in there just the middle
looks good but I mean it'll have to do
he happy ton
barbecue update I think it is working or
geared we put the lid on to get the heat
in that is what's going down in there it
looks good I know what's happening
what's happening we've got a smoky one
oh well I'm going to put the lid back
over here wait is it going to burn the
wood up and upside down just in case yo
that was hot
Oh touch my arm bye where's those flip
aru's don't want these ones they want
the proper ones oh good yeah nobody
touch that is the hottest thing in the
world okay you might need the metal
because the plastic my mouth oh look at
that thing we just stick the cheek on as
well I feel really excited oh this one's
gone a little bit Oh these sausages and
burgers are done in here we've got other
we've literally made the biggest mess
your kitchen look how good this looks on
the side on the side yeah oh my gosh
look at this salad boom do you guys know
Tonya was on chicken duty I'm joking it
was me I was on chicken duty and I
forgot about it
hasty no he doesn't all right let me
quickly go get the tongs and turn over
I completely forgot about the chicken we
were too busy sitting there eating dip
man right you hold that oh wow oh do we
taste char grilled chicken you can just
scrape that off
merci
look how great the coals are ya know
little bit fine I'm saying oh yeah we
put too much cold in there right now it
now it's like perfect just like around
this all evening now a he of the
Guardian we should put marshmallows on
sticks
we bought baby marshmallows four big
ones we can understand squeeze me and I
feel of doing late-night trips yeah you
to level one my face you have them
provide life have you driven since being
in London do you think you've remembered
gee would you be able to I'm driving I
Drive normally spoon trying to drive the
knowledge nearly died are twelve times I
driving in London everyone else is gonna
die around town shall we go to see my my
voice matters if you do you have to do
it quick because what is it goes down it
won't be wearing oh my god get digestive
biscuits and unreal chocolate and milk
chocolate digestives
milk chocolate and big marshmallows mmm
s'mores is very vlog to anything today
close out I'm gonna end it now because
we just supposed to do that than what we
watch anything Modern Family times
trying to get into which I've never seen
before
got a massive gloss red wine you guys
know I love my red wine I've got some
crisps got some cookies I'm going to
sexy ladies like y'all got my never know
sexy lay down there she's a little bit
heavy a bit sleepy
so listen buddy oh I don't think you can
singer was right I'm gonna end up up
guys I hope you enjoyed what you did see
even though it's a little bit short if
you did give him a door thumbs up and we
can have fun tomorrow feel
this wait a minute and Jimbo will be
here that will be a 25 hour clock right
oh yeah I think we're gonna surprise Jim
guys now I think tomorrow what we're
going to do is we're going to pretend
that Zoey and I can't stay long we're
gonna leave before Jim gets here and
then we're gonna hide in a house I say
we pop the car around the corner so
let's do this or something and then when
he comes in were like scare him or like
surprise here also in there 300 times do
I recognize one on there yeah yeah yeah
you won't even know the car we drove up
in my garden beer you don't know what
open right I'll catch you tomorrow guys
give me a thumbs up you excited for me
really crank on Jim Jesus okay then good
night
