so you haven't found a nesting in you
haven't finding that singing what you
saying that that that that that that
good morning guys
some vlog in blog in it is guys you have
to guess what song that is in the
comments if you could hear it is 9
o'clock in the morning knowledge
downstairs she's had breakfast gone to
the toilet I don't quite the master
words that's not the words um yeah I've
got pass on toreador I love the clock I
need to get in the shower get dressed
and have so Breakfast tired your scumbag
that you know breakfast time also I've
got some more clearing up to do I've got
to all the listen from the dishwasher
and then got empty as well I swear it
like the dishwasher and cleaning up like
I should just clean up after every meal
because it's just never-ending let you
see how much washing up I do in the
vlogs and I do it all by hand and then
like the next day or whatever there's
just so much more but luckily we've got
a fridge full of goodies today and so
I'm going to have some good breakfast
I've got 35 minutes until my personal
trainer arrives which I'm excited is
just extra now saying is on the way and
also actually I should let you know I
just took Nala outside to go to the
toilet we tried a couple of different
things since remember the behaviorist
yet like yesterday last night and I just
took her outside now and I told her to
go far away and sometimes like she's
going to the habit of like
playing before to go to the toilet which
is annoying because if I was about to go
out now and Zoey wasn't in I'd have to
put her to bed wash them out and if I
don't have time to take the joy out of
the toilet sometimes it can take about
five or ten minutes because she wants to
play first and so we're trying to get
into the habit of just like when you go
outside to go to the toilet you go to
the toilet and that's it and then if you
go outside to play you got tried to play
it's different time and such a great
side now to we told us we and she we'd
straightaway and then the dog next door
started barking and I was like oh here
we go
and instead of reacting to it she lit
Schusterman walked over to me and was
like do I get a treat for ignoring this
daddy and I was like yes so and she the
DOE bought three times at her and she
didn't bark back she just came and sat
next to my feet instead to be like look
I'm ignoring it daddy can I have some
treats so I just gave her lots of treats
and I'm so happy back from the gym now
guys that was my first session let me
take out my friends my first session
with my personal trainer which went
super super well like he pushed me so
hard and like some of the weight she was
like oh I think you can do 12 of these
and I was like what like four and stuff
oh my gosh my arms are gonna die
tomorrow but tomorrow I've got something
super super exciting happening and I
don't need to don't need to be too
energized which is good I just got back
now and I've got a chicken burrito for
lunch and a nice little coffee and then
I'm just catching up watching some of
Roman AdWords blogs and I've just seen a
video and then if you guys saw did you
probably did see do Marsyas new video
last night look at this oh listen add
that one set basically Marzia and Felix
got these yesterday as pets they got two
of these oh my gosh my screen looks so
dirty on camera it's not like that dirty
I promise they got two of these I'm so
jealous look how sick that is as a pet
I can't wait mark so Felix if you're
watching I want to come over
and meet them I think they call Bill and
Clint or Billy and Clint I want to come
and meet them and also nan has never
ever met and puka or Edgar so that is to
happen as well but right I'm just gonna
eat my lunch right so I'm just in the
garden playing fetch with Nala because
she doesn't like to drop toys that now I
come here come good girl
ready go what you have to do is she
brings this one back then you get a
different toy another go and she drops
the first toy huh good girl system and
then she drops this one it's just like a
cycle you have done two toys rather than
one for her to be able to properly play
catch with you might as well sit down in
the grass it's such a lovely day today
it's so nice
I didn't properly tell you guys how my
workout went so basically we did all of
my one rep Max's do able to see like
what the maximum weight is I can push in
like different things like chess press
and deadlifts and my backhand like we
did lows with him exercises which
absolutely killed me Nala what's this
which absolutely killed me like it was
so hard but I'm really really good there
was a good few times as I literally
can't do anything more like I actually
can't that he's like come on you can do
it come on that is really really good
and and then at the end you know baby
you're doing this end and then at the
end and is that okay right let's finish
it off with some ABS we're gonna do five
sets of 25 and then it's these special
sit ups which like cross trainer or like
CrossFit sit-ups or something like that
which were really really hard like the
first 50 were fine and he was I hear
you're pretty good at them and I was
like yeah I'm like quite good to sit ups
I used to a lot of gymnastics and the
last 75 oh man the last 50 was so hard
like it was in flight if I was by myself
if I wasn't with him I would have just
given up
I just wouldn't of bothered doing the
last 50 because it was just so so hard
but I'm glad I did it then it was really
cool and then I think I'm seeing him
again on Saturday hello and and then I
think I'm going to see him like three
times
Oh three times a week from now on which
is going to be good and he is in like
crazy shape like he is so ripped and so
muscular and so when we finished there
all of the sit-ups or like the special
setups whatever they were called I was
like - I was six-pack yet and he was
like not yet you will soon I'm not oh
man but to come back and I haven't
really got much work to do today I've
got like a bits of admin like emails and
stuff to do and but it's just such
lovely weather you know it's hard to go
and do work stuff inside when the
weather's so nice outside I'm like I
just want to lay out here in the Sun all
day with Nala and just play fetch I
could really do have a nap Zoey Nienow
just chilling in bed and this one has
gone down here
look I know why you under the bed
does she even have room hello hello baby
hello hello Oh mother Oh then let me is
out then it is
Hey Oh Oh dog attacking me and Zoe
taking over to bring your laptop oh
don't worry went to the gym I'm really
strong now don't worry so good I'm alive
guys my hairband survived as well come
here cheeky monkey you attack me
oh my gosh right what are you gonna I
don't know what you're gonna get me I
don't want to cook anything oh wow
what are you gonna cook me dinner I
can't see through word hey relationship
goals yeah - mind the laptops you're
gonna close though oh I was uploading
all open everybody last night mom what
what do you say what brain what did you
say I look like an owl look oh it's
weird it's like you're filming in
portrait if Zoe's vlog was late
yesterday why you shouting they can hate
me or me should we get your blood up all
right guys
oh I'm barely even in short I need to
mend this camera higher somehow
one sack right so if you didn't see
yesterday's video this is called a 3d
doodler or 3d doodler I don't know what
it's called just ordered online corundum
Sam yeah so we're going to have a look
and we're going to try it out oh it
already comes with colors I'm such an
idiot I don't know what that is one
earth is that right
Oh sick oh wow comes with loads of
colors
I bought these extra ones and in that
they came with any or not oh well
alright let's just get it out I'm going
to set up another camera here don't
smash my phone smash only got a smash
I'm going to set up this bigger camera
here and I'm just going to like put it
on the table shooting to the side so
that if the 3d stuff works then that's
what it films okay
so this is it here okay take out all the
instructions probably will need those
for once normally I don't use
instructions are probably born in them
this year is obviously the charger that
you need and then this here is evidently
the 3d pen now look up big days look at
that pen that's kind of cool is now
remember again as I said the other day I
have no idea if this thing is actually
good and actually works or how it works
so if it's crap it's crap and I wasted
my money allow what we do that heat up
before loading plastic approximately one
minute to heat up during that LED
indicator will be read and will not be
possible to use where's this indicator
ah the switch on the wall isn't on that
would help there's the red indicator
there we go so I'm going to start off
with this color here let's just open it
up so let's just start with blue okay
wow I can smell this just getting hot oh
my gosh alright this is some quite
important paperwork so hopefully it
doesn't
okay well I don't know what I'm doing
guys
oh my god it's 3d what's happening it's
up in the air
wait stop that's 3d look that's actually
3d that's so cool like that's hard and
it's 3d oh you can't see us our focus
that is sick let's draw Zoe I should
have tweeted asking things to draw okay
in tomorrow's video if you guys like
this give it a thumbs up we can do some
like funny little challenge video and
you guys tweet me things and I have to
draw it with this 3d pen so I'm now
going to draw Zoe okay and then I'll
like go and show her or something right
there's a head that's the eyes now I
know she doesn't wear glasses but I had
to connect it to a head somehow now a
little smile oh I tried to draw teeth
than it did but it didn't really work
right I know her hair that is sick you
guys can't release you're on door Mike
you ready oh my gosh
it actually works I want to try to focus
here
that is the most crazy 3d piece of art
look at that I don't know why I'm so
amazed by this it's not anything like
you can't do anything with it time to
draw Nala good knowledge got quite
square head I didn't mean to do that I'm
sorry Nala okay I think I finished Nala
oh you ready look at that look how cool
that is
there's Orion Allah I love it this is
cool right
comment down below now with something
that you want me to try and draw in like
tomorrow's vlog with a day after some of
that I'm actually going away tomorrow
for two days you'll see wearing the
video I don't want to tell me now leave
it as a surprise for tomorrow but so I
don't know if I'm 100% gonna be able to
do in tomorrow's video because I'll be
away so I wait at the pen with me unless
I take it with me which can be cool
I don't know right let's go and show Zoe
what we've made and see what she thinks
you take the vlogging camera Missy cuz I
want you to film your reaction to this
you ready yeah
who join first you or Nala no no no Liz
the better one
okay what is it oh that's really key
like an ocean no no no no come click
hold it close it hang on oh yeah that
may seem like from your reaction you
also is my first attempt what the hell
is that would be horrible hold that in
front of the camera let me try and get
it right you can't really see it yeah
that's cause it you can literally draw
that you can do that things obviously
that you can do it up and it just roll
all night like could you draw Nala like
round and 3d yeah I just drew that flat
on the paper but you can draw up and it
freeze it like those solid as you draw
it's really cool it's really really cool
I know it's like sturdy they're like hey
hold up Nara again right just keep it
there
I was less of your finger in it is
possible okay stay there
right that is it guys that is my 3d pen
video over I hope you enjoyed that that
was the most pointless gadget I've ever
bought in my life I love guys with your
line exactly goes through the channel
you what you doing go to the channel you
know I haven't had dinner yet so I want
to go what I'm sorting out blog posted
videos that I want to do for Halloween
and Christmas no you're not I walked in
the room and Zoey said I'm just gonna
see great you can't know she's dead so
it's secret she's buy me a present
Christmas my Christmas present are you
joking me but you know I'm like if it's
something you're preparing now then I'm
probably going to like buy something
stupid for myself which could be a you
can't buy Christmas this far in advance
right I think I'm going to end the vlog
early tonight guys because I don't know
what I'm gonna do for dinner and I don't
have a clue Oh Danny look at the screen
what's the time
Oh your phone's dead what time on my
watch Tampa oh and my watch is dead as
well it's ten past nine guys I don't
normally in the boat at this time dad
tryna charge us so weird that you've the
charger phone is that because yeah of
course it does yesterday's like temps in
charge
why are you doing down there Missy being
really good on you and so I hope you
enjoyed today's video if you did give it
a big old thumbs up let me know again if
you want me to draw anything with that
pen otherwise it's probably never going
to be used again which was a waste of
money now Jake and I Joe got loads of
colors I could do some cool stuff of it
well my little cousin comes over or
something I can play with it anyways
I'll catch you tomorrow guys catch you
on the flipside peace out a town oh god
I choked on say goodnight yeah good
evening go to bed huh
