good morning guys it is kind of the
morning I had a little bit of a lion
today Zoey did this one this morning and
I did this this morning I slept longer
and it is 25 minutes past 9:00
I'm just trying to pick a coffee to have
very poured all of them basically
they're like each color is a different
flavor but Zoey poured all of them into
One Bowl so I have no idea which one is
which they say the names on them but I
have no idea what any of the name I know
there's that one or two that I know and
one of them
decaf tea no no it's decaffeinated one
of them is called like cozy Levant oh
yeah that would do that sounds like a
sounds like a pretty strong one and
levantar make a coffee
go whenever I make a coffee I always do
stupid things whilst I'm making it so
basically I press the button as you just
saw and then I've told myself that I'm
not allowed to pick up that glass and
drink any add the milk to it until I've
emptied the dishwasher and then refilled
the dishwasher with that dirty stuff
down there because I know that the
coffee is not going to get cold in the
next like five minutes so I should
really do this the dishwasher is
something that's too easy to be like
yeah I'll do it later so I've now taught
myself every time I want a coffee I have
to do the dishwashing part down there
make sure they just draw up to date
otherwise I can't drink my coffee don't
know I'm telling you that actually just
thought you might want to know coffee
damn right need to add my soy milk
because we don't have any normal milk
yet still haven't when it bought any
food since you got back from holiday so
we have literally nothing I still
haven't had one sip of my coffee yet
it's here I just sat down turned on my
laptop and then the doorbell goes but
it's good it's a food delivery we've got
some food finally literally my last clip
I was like but we don't have any food
yet since we've been back from holiday
well now we do yes bagels and bread yes
and the food is away I can finally I
still need to put all of that in the bin
outside but I can finally sit down
drink my coffee and edit the daily vlog
every single day there is the same
pigeon I'm gonna quickly film it no no
did you see it in the blur guys it
wasn't in focus basically there was a
pigeon we need to know know Ashwin Ahmad
me I kind of want to name him pull the
pigeon pull the pigeon okay every single
day pull comes like more than once a day
comes over there you see on the hot tub
let me show you there's a bit of water
basically for when it rains there's like
a pool that forms it looks disgusting
but it's literally just rainwater goes
there
every cat Nala barking a pole stop
niala and paul has a little bath that
probably gets in the water shuffles
around drinks here and everything is
cool but not only doesn't like Paul
because Nala doesn't like birds and
their friendship is a little bit
different because Paul look look at her
Paul likes Nala but now it doesn't like
Paul so the other day when the sprinkler
was on Paul was sitting there I was like
no the sprinklers going to get Paul and
scare him for the rest of his life is
never going to come back I'm going to
miss him
it sprinkled him and he was just like
what what you can do
yeah but out of nowhere on a sunny day
so Paul it just goes on there's just
like I don't care what would you want
so knowledge us now was barking at Paul
at the window here and then we let niala
out of that door over there because we
thought of she's going to that door I
was like maybe she needs a way you will
let her out Zoe was like no she's going
to go and get Paul she literally ran
straight round over here like climbing
on the edge like barking at Paul and
Paul was sitting there until I got my
camera out which was after like two
minutes Paul was just like literally
bitch where Paul just didn't care
so no no now you've scared Paul away
you're happy to come in aren't you
that's not nice Paul's our friend no
that's right look mommy see I did I got
rid of the nasty pigeon pulls our
friends Nala that's naughty pulls off
friend guys the postman's at the door
and I'm waiting on an exciting parcel
I'm not going to film the postman let me
quickly put my camera down somewhere oh
yeah I'm good bye thanks
Azari Emma and I say yeah
Oh guys I know side you know that
waiting her bozo and he's like Missouri
this one you sure they didn't put it in
the wrong name can we open it together I
wanna know what it is cute background
pic sorry that's how he got leaked was
your background yeah but it was actually
the worst joke my laptop in Jim's blog
you have the worst backgrounds you
leaked all our pictures and we've only
been kissing in that picture but it look
like we were everyone always thinks you
were just a nickname right what is this
please say it's for me oh it's your new
vlogging camera what's this oh it's just
some air you ready yeah oh yeah I've got
plastic bag look at this this is the
case that everybody saw on Twitter
it's my new merchandise I'll imagine
that's not really Madi needed a new case
because we always travel together so
much so I thought wrap it or how hard
it's actually bigger than my head yeah
there's another person one of the door
guys this one could be for me finally I
think turns out it's not for me again
it's for Zoe
when will my parcel arrived it's for you
again just got to town now just had to
fill out some boring paperwork stuff
that I did do and now I'm just going to
go to cat
kake's to get Zoey and then magically
teach the last clip I filmed you want to
know something really sad oh don't tell
you filmed the cupcake the last clip my
film was going and buying the cupcakes
and now I'm back home and I left the
cupcakes in the cupcake shop I paid nine
pounds 70 for them gave a 30 beat tip
and then left them in the shop thank me
Wow City on our right put your money
away I also I also know okay
I also the homeless man outside shake
away I gave 20 pound note and he's in
charge so oh yeah now who's laughing now
he's laughing well we are because you
left the cupcakes in the shop nothing
shall be within the shopper laughing
because I've already checked them
another kastenov only behind me white
eyeshadow but he wanted me and just took
my bag so basically I left the cupcakes
in the cupcake shops we don't have any
but the good thing is is we're back now
and we've got a little bit of spare time
what you're gonna do for us I'm gonna
bake some cookies yeah she's gonna bake
some cookies update time what has
happened in yo without it's good cookie
and then what do we need to add these
guys yeah can we add some Kinder Bueno I
can put it on your one do you know what
any stuffing I'll be delicious maybe you
can attend the camera now so that we've
made the cookies together I have made it
haven't we ready made my day
yeah thanks I've got seen it well no
wait do we not want this it really
Fitness in mine so L its signature bait
oh I don't know you want the Kinder
Bueno in my social but mothers I think I
think I think maybe up into the top of
the call yeah just a tester yeah I'm
gonna have a bit now how are you going
for a white one are not the ones
oh my just have something now so that
one
where's my special one yeah fat oh yes
see you guys are gonna be jealous once
that comes out just like pop one on oh
yeah I'm so happy I know that's what I
thought soon as I said it I was like oh
yeah oh my gosh nearly fell oh right I
need to open this parcel for you guys
and show you know I've broken it bye
here we go guys this parcel time parcel
time or just relax I don't have a knife
maybe I can use this pen
Zoey's vlogging over the other side of
the room
well I should probably explain a little
bit about this basically a 20-day saying
guys what's some cool gadgets I should
buy and one of you tweeted me this I've
never seen anybody used one in a video
before I've never even seen one in
personal real life or anything
but I just ordered online because I
thought we could try out in a vlog I
think it's going to be cold I think it's
going to be much worse than what I'm
thinking but I think it could be so bad
that it's funny
still can't open it should it just when
it got a knife
what I got free rainbow drops awesome I
love these but this is what I got
everybody right are you ready are you
ready kids all right I got a 3doodler 3d
utila a doula basically it's a 3d pen
and then I got some 3d colors as well to
like draw or write with I don't know is
it dude to do to with I suppose and it
basically I saw a video on the website
when one of you guys think me on Twitter
and you just draw in 3d I don't know
what else it has I think that's it
cookie time look at the size of my
cookie that's like as big as my hand the
Kinder Bueno to kind of just got a
little bit crispy on top but it looks
good oh my gosh I literally can't pick
up look it's now 11 o'clock in the
evening time has gone quickly today
basically guys we actually bother me
from just about a vlogger mental command
the bots from a lay down for a bit and
tell you guys what's just what just been
going on so basically um or time did
Linda come over 5 o'clock yes yeah so we
basically have a dog trainer that helps
us train ala she's basically a dog
obedience woman and she helps us train
ala which is really really good so she
came over from 5 o'clock til quarter to
9:00 tonight
and then I realized that I didn't upload
the competition that I did for you guys
so I was like ah I need to edit that and
upload it so I just edited that uploaded
there it is all good you guys seem to
enjoying it and it is now like what's
the time ten minutes past eleven Nala
has gone to bed it was really really
good because mum and buds came over
today as well and so it was really
awesome to have the puppy obedience
woman with buzz here as well so that we
could train both for them to be more
calm when they're together because as
you guys know when they're together
they go a little bit crazy and it's
super hard for like if mom wants to go
like to London for the day or C like
stare friends in London or go away with
dad for like the weekend it's hard for
Zoe and I to look after buzz because
buzz and Isla together a crazy and
vice-versa if we want to go away it's
hard for us to leave neither with mom
and dad because knowledge crazy with
buzz so that was really really good
today having them trained together on it
when we gave us a lot of tips and a lot
of ways to make it easier and to help
the dogs learn to be together and be
calm
but I just realized that I never ever
got around to using the 3d pen and that
is what I wanted to do in today's video
so I'm going to try my best to do that
in tomorrow's video I'm really really
really sorry that I said that it would
be done today but it wasn't I'm sorry
guys
I know I opened the package and I was
like look I've got this pen I'm going to
use it today but I really really want to
do it so don't worry it will be into my
blog if excited for it let me know in
the comments to give the video a thumbs
up what else I got to say I'm gonna
watch some more orange is the new black
I don't really know what I film today I
don't really know if I feel much of this
vlog I'm sorry that there wasn't much in
it but that's just sometimes what
happens when I have super busy days
doing lots of different things that
aren't really too fun for the camera so
nevertheless I hope you enjoy it somehow
tomorrow we will try out that 3d pen and
get it working and it will be really
really cool and I've also got my
personal trainer tomorrow morning starts
at 11 o'clock tomorrow morning I'm it
really really excited kind of nervous
but really excited so I will catch you
early tomorrow morning good night
