hey you guys so today I thought I'd
shoot an X little video for you because
I basically came out of an idea now I'm
sure loads of youtubers have done it
before so don't go comment and say this
isn't original because I don't know I'm
sure it's been done but I didn't get
inspired by anything in particular
basically I was reading through my
comments and my twitter my facebook and
everything and so many of you guys were
like I really want to get into YouTube
videos or saying things like I'm just
starting out YouTube can I have some
tips can you help me do this can you do
this I I want to help you guys get into
making YouTube videos and vlogs in
specific because I started out from
nothing I never got a particular boost
from anybody but then now I didn't grow
overnight I've been doing this for like
five and a half nearly six wait I think
it might even be six years now I didn't
in a couple of days I think it's going
to be six years I've been making videos
on this channel so I've been doing it
for ages and it's not something that
ever grew overnight I didn't get a shout
out from some big youtuber that made me
like get a hundred thousand subs over
like quickly so I wanted to help you
guys are a little bit and I've bought
something for three of you that can
hopefully help that journey begin so
basically let me try and put you up here
just so I can use both my hands whilst
chat in let me try and put you in this
slide
is that good is that good there right
basically guys yeah so one of the first
things obviously when making youtube
videos that you do need to have is
equipment equipment equipment now we're
not youtuber like with competitions
because I don't think you're allowed to
ask for likes I don't think you're
allowed to tell people to subscribe I
don't think you're like there's a lot of
things that youtuber really fussy that
you look at my hair that aren't and are
allowed to do so you don't have to do
anything for this competition okay you
just have to want to want to make
youtube videos you have to want to make
youtube videos something like that okay
so what I've got is I thought what does
every vlogger need a blogging camera
what else does every vlogger need an SD
card to have to record videos so that is
it that's all I use for my daily videos
is a small little pocket camera and an
SD card
and a camera back to you which obviously
comes with the camera and that is it so
this is the camera that I used to use I
don't use it anymore because I use a
slightly bigger one but I don't advise
it because it's Brillon annoying to have
in your pocket so this is an amazing
blocking camera I used up until a couple
of months ago and I kind of think every
single day that I should still be using
it it is called the canon s120 it is
absolutely great so what I've done for
you guys is I thought I'm not just gonna
give one away I'm not just gonna give
two away so I ordered three yesterday
Amazon Prime and they arrived this
morning Zoe was at Alfea why have you
bought three new vlogging cameras no no
they're not for me
they're for my viewers so I've got here
three s1 20s and then I also of course
bought three the best you can get top
spec memory cards they are
sandesh extreme HD video 60 megabytes a
second class 10 32 gigabyte memory cards
they're what I use and there's three of
them one for each camera so I just
wanted to help back three of you start
to make youtube videos basically I
thought it'd be cool to win one of these
you don't have to like this video you
don't have to tweet me you don't have to
subscribe to me do whatever you want to
do I just want the winners to want to
make youtube ears and be interested in
vlogging that's all I want to happen now
I don't know how I'm gonna pick the
winner yet I haven't really thought this
far I think what I'm gonna do if you
just like comment on this video or tweet
me or comment on my Facebook post or
comment on my Instagram or comment
somewhere message me somewhere saying
that you want to make youtube videos and
I will just pick a couple of you because
I don't want it to have to be like like
this video this video needs a million
views before I give the cameras away
that's not what it's about it's
literally about giving these cameras to
three of you that genuinely want to make
youtube videos and find it hard when
getting equipment that is it that is as
simple as it is so I will find three of
you somehow that want to make youtube
videos and I will send it to you
wherever you live even if you live in
Australia I will send them or some one
of them always away to Australia I kind
of wanna stay in touch to you so however
I message you in
I sort out I want to like stay in touch
of you so I can follow your journey and
I can let these I can let everybody else
watching this video know who won won
hopefully or won all three of them and
we can all subscribe to you and all
follow your journey that would be cool
winner if they gave these out to people
that wanna that would be sick if I could
if I could give it to you and then
promote the channel one yeah that'd be
cool okay that's the idea so I will
somehow pick you I will find you if you
want one enough your message me don't
just message me ten million times and I
will find you somehow and i'll send it
your house okay that is agreement I'm
not faking this this isn't a lie I
genuinely just bought these this morning
or yesterday and they ride this morning
and I will send them to three of you
other than that just give you guys a
little bit of advice when it comes to
blogging I always say make videos that
you enjoy making just make videos that
like if you watch a cent kind of YouTube
video and you love it and you think you
could like do something inspiring off of
that give it a go make some videos that
using you and enjoy making number two
wanting to like that not like this
number two have fun making these videos
like the more fun you'll have it in the
videos the more fun the audience can see
you have in and the more fun hopefully
they're going to enjoy it I always
enjoyed videos that I can tell people
having fun making like if two people are
absolutely laughing their butts off and
enjoying the collaboration I think I'm
going to enjoy that more because I can
see the amount of fun they're having
so enjoy the videos enjoy making the
videos that you're making and advice
number three is ignore all the stats
I know it's hard in a world where
everybody compares in school their
Instagram followers and oh my god this
photo of me got a hundred and sixteen
lights all of that stuff ignore all that
guys just have fun making the videos
that's what that's what it's about and
the more fun you have I promise you in
the long run your subscribers will go up
it's not something that happens
overnight it's not something that
happens over a month or two it could
take you six months to get your like an
amount of subscribers that you're really
happy and content with but yeah I don't
know just have fun and enjoy yet and I
want all of you guys that want to make
yes to just meet them because I see so
many people messaging me saying I wish I
had the courage to make youtube videos
I'd love to do it and nothing you can do
it and then you can because it's a lot
of fun it's scary
don't get me wrong it is very very scary
making videos because you've got people
all across the world watching you and
judging you definitely judging you that
don't know who you are except for what
you show on camera but that's just part
of it and it's fun I promise you you
will enjoy making them and I'm excited
for you guys to receive these 3 if you
like this kind of thing then let me know
and I can do more in the future
yeah I've enjoyed the extra little video
I just wanted to do something quick and
short although it hasn't been really as
short as I wanted it to that can give
back to you guys say thank you for
watching my videos help a couple of you
guys out with a camera and some
equipment and give you some advice and
some help on getting started but that is
it I hope you enjoyed the video if you
did give it a thumbs up and I will catch
you tomorrow good bye
