good morning guys I have had the most
relaxed morning then the most crazy
stressful morning ever it is 3 o'clock
lunchtime I haven't started my blog this
late ages I am so sorry
so this morning I was like super chilled
super burlaps did some emails in bed I
then watched three episodes of orange is
the new black I want to start getting
really into it so I'm rushing now
because I've got a taxi on the way
I'm now on season 1 episode 5 and I've
just ed said and it is uploading right
now yesterday's daily blog basically
Zoey the scone eat right the scone
attorneys and Zoey and I arranged to go
to the cinema to go and see what's her
new horror film this out the scary one
insidious 3 and we plan to go today at 3
o'clock obviously you have 20 minutes of
paper it is now one minute to three I've
got to get like ages away at the marina
so I've just ordered a taxi and
basically they arrived at the house to
take us there because they said their
drive down they haven't got the kids
with them so me as are we gonna fit in
the car the car arrived like they
arrived and I kind of wasn't ready I was
still editing and that was like 10
minutes cards like guys I did two or
five minutes left for editing you guys
go and I'll jump in a taxi and come and
meet you so they've left they are on the
way to the cinema now I've just ordered
a tax lien I've got to make it in time
not to miss the film fingers crossed I'm
not gonna miss ending the film I really
really hope I don't but the video is up
on time and that's the most important
thing for me and that is done this
arrived this morning which is so
exciting it's going to be a separate
video my phone's ringing
that means taxis outside right this is
going to be a separate video going up on
this channel the same day so I leave a
link down below to what it is basically
if you guys want to do vlog in you want
to be a vlogger or you like filmmaking
or document in your life for YouTube or
for whatever you want to do I'm or did
loads of stuff and I spent a crazy
amount of money to make it possible for
some of you guys because so many of you
message me and tweet me and everything
to me like Facebook and Instagram so I
really really want to be a youtuber I'm
trying to be a youtuber how do you start
out so I'm filming a video later tonight
I'm basically like tips on becoming a
youtuber and I've got a crazy giveaway
for three people
that is inside this box so right I've
really really really really really
really got to go
I think I'm gonna make it they've just
text send that they're in the food court
which means oh they're getting popcorn
I don't just come out the cinema to
quickly grab some snacks pizzo got
popcorn and I'm not the biggest fan of
corn so I just got a magnum some your
keys and a bottle of water
my personal trainer who starts on
Wednesday it's gonna kill me if you see
is this video thumbs over these guys
have lost the car I leave you all for
one second I get it actually one time
and they've lost the car yeah
what you mean is it's not
I can see it here we could've just gone
up the stairs oh my gosh
kind of haven't haven't blogged in like
four hours or something but back in the
cinema what did you guys think of the
film good not yet I don't think you were
scary enough the acting was like so bad
that it was like comically funny yeah we
just got it yeah we had good seats and
it was quiet because we went to in the
day I didn't like that yeah they had
like some like these kind of lights in
front of us as usual we've got some food
just perfect for clean plates left right
for a gbk I love the box it like doesn't
that just look good yeah that's just so
Instagram it's nice little baby Alfie 54
they say my name on it no it does it you
know I never knew my name
no I didn't I didn't I never gave my
name I didn't give a postcode person the
phone must be watching hey and there's
about to watch this dog advert you have
to watch it and not cry then not crying
challenge yeah not are you ruining it
Cheers so many visits really three what
oh you're making me cry in the video
it's not nice it was a donor he donated
his organs so when the woman came out
the dog was like the video you're going
as well workout session with Anna you
don't you know she's personal trainer no
but now the other one come on now the
other one you have to keep it even yeah
yeah yeah yeah try and clap your hands
as you go ahead No so the Saucony wooly
Jolie's have left now and you know the
video that I told you I was going to be
filming to also go up tonight on this
YouTube channel well I just finished
filming it and it's something to do with
this camera and this memory card and
these memory cards and this camera and
this camera so if you're interested in
all of that stuff basically it's a
giveaway and help in some of you out who
want to be youtubers become youtubers
and just giving you a bit of advice and
it's cool so well my turn another life I
hope you enjoy the video go check it out
when even link down below today's vlog
hasn't really been too long
it's a very short vlog because 2 or 3
hours of it one number one it started at
3 o'clock in the afternoon and number 2
I spent 2 or 3 hours in the cinema today
which obviously you can't vlog in the
cinema alright guys just getting into
bed you watching my vlog from yesterday
Zoe's watching my vlog
oh yeah that's in that well neighs than
that one
yeah sorry that today's vote wasn't as
long and as interesting as normal
I started it super late because I just
kind of binge watch other than if I told
you and I'm gonna do it now again I
really want to get into orange is the
new black so this morning I watched two
episodes back-to-back after having a
line until like I hope past nine or ten
o'clock and then I did the vlog and then
by the time I start the vlog it was like
3:00 p.m. lunchtime
which is ridiculous so I'm gonna watch
some more orange to the new black now
did I tell you guys that I was talking
to my personal trainer today and I'm
gonna start my personal training on
Wednesday I don't know if I should be
excited or nervous like I just know that
it's gonna be a lot harder than what I'm
currently thinking to be able to get
wrecked now we'll see it'll be a cool
journey that we can go in together Alfie
eating healthy and actually working out
it's like a whole new me I also need to
pass my driving test
I really should look some more driving
lessons
shouldn't I Zoey I really need to book
some more please keep on reminding me
and pushing me guys I see on Twitter a
lot but I'm just the worst I know and
then I read it and I don't have a book
anymore
I need to book more alright guys I'll
get it in the book I'm much more
orangist new black so thanks for
watching today if you enjoyed it go down
below near that big thumbs up button it
up button and I don't catch you tomorrow
inside on the flippety-flip flip oh I'll
catch you on my super ooh I'll catch you
on my flipper that's all my big sleeper
oh my big fever I'm a big fish boy out
my Beach
we don't have fish we get goldfish now
should we get tropical fish
should we get tropical fish one day you
know the sea fish like Nemo and stuff
and coral upkeep yeah I don't know how
to clean those tanks does anyone in the
comments have that should we get a cat
and another puppy no let's get cat and
another puppy I don't think cats and
pugs work well yeah we do
guys any of you in the comments have a
cat on a park if you do let me know I'm
gonna get scratches er no I will get a
really calm cat called Ronald you can
never get a cat go run old I think what
let's get a cat called Ronald
come on you're stimulating your mind no
gonna watch orange is the new black
right goodbye guys good night I love you
so much we're gonna get a cat called
Ronald another pod the fawn one yeah I
really really want a turtle in charge of
attached with the ones in water or not I
don't
yeah I don't a turtle music stays in the
bar totally on a tortoise tortoise
that's it it's all about this folks
getting a bit weird imagine if I look
like that every night I just really want
the camera in your face right
