good morning guys how you doin smallest
a Father's Day today which means I've
got this one it baby
me hey give me that this is my present
for my mistake oh no okay you can keep
it you can get better knowledge just
walking up a card for Father's Day and
I've opened it and this is this is the
front and then I'll show you the inside
as well he's actually written by Nala
possum first bit that was me so from the
to Daddy and the bit that says age nine
months oh yeah
other than that that's from now shishun
is she just went from my armpit she's in
the most excited mood in the world today
okay no no is this oh oh oh wait for it
so you mind out the way watch this I'm
gonna hide now looking at yet have it
behind here okay
ready steady where's she going hahaha oh
no that's no that's her t-shirt none of
us yes what's this what's this yeah
that's right oh okay I'm gonna stand on
the bed and then I can hide them down
that side ready steady come here ya go
and Zoe's gone what's yuan know she's
not in there
what's she on where's mummy no she's not
in there in the cupboard again yeah
twice girl you can look I'm proud of
herself she is yeah I like when you play
hide and seek with that you can hear
again yeah she like stops and goes
silent um no that's Tibet she forgot
about a toy wherever is though alright
this time we're gonna go more detective
we're gonna go under the cupboards okay
perfect
y'all gonna figure I'm gonna throw up
Hey no come back
go go go quick quick quick
I don't know all you wish gone
where's she gone she's looking up on the
bed Oh where's she now look over here
huh she's
yeah she's got you she's got you she's
got you
oh my god
good girl baby just making a little
coffee to have with my breakfast
although it is what yeah rolling black
no mumps now why oh sorry thought I was
talking to her I thought you were taking
them Academy making a coffee for
breakfast at court to 11:00 no talk into
my camera I have just done the
dishwasher I'm just emptied it and
filled it up and then look how many
glasses guys couldn't fit in the
dishwasher there's literally like
probably 30 their glasses so I'm gonna
have to hand wash them up all of our
glasses are gone this is our glass
drawer we have one left
actually it's funny the other day you
know what I had all my friends oh I had
like on either vlog yet but I had like
12 friends over the other day and some
of them when they came over well how can
I go get a glass of all times right you
had want me to get it they're like oh no
it's fine I know where it is because of
your videos and then they turn straight
to the right drawer and stuff like that
and that was this week so I never think
about my friends watching these videos
yeah I'm now going to wash up all of
these glasses by hand you guys know I
love doing washing up my hand actually
put some hot water on and stop it
started going and that is it older that
washing up is done it is literally just
down here now all drying out and then
once they're dry I can put them all back
away oh I haven't brought my coffee
we literally have nothing in the fridge
we have plain yogurt and we have butter
or margarine and that is it so I'm just
going to nip out now and quickly grab a
sandwich the deli ended up being closed
and so did the bakery next door so I had
to go to the co-op for lunch which isn't
what I wanted I wanted like a fresh
night
sandwich but I got a simple triple I
think it's called simple triple and then
I was in pineapple some crisps a brownie
another simple trip on cases only one
today and then I've recently I've got
into awesome reason why is she bargain
is it birds again guys comment down
below if you know a way that we can get
in order to stop barking her Birds
she literally ignore it and we love
attend it doesn't happen so she gets no
attention for air and like now right
look at look at her anyways when I went
to Italy with all the boys we did we
went to an event in Italy and then we
drove all the way down Italy and we went
to I think it was the most expensive
wine place like where they make wine
ever in the world and cotton boy it was
or what it was called
and I got really into red wine so I just
bought some red wine I said really into
how often do I can I drink red wine like
once a month
white wine once a month and I was like a
sandwich some crisps with chocolate and
a bottle of red wine and never no sleep
when I lay down oh thank you for that
kiss baby thank you look - bye baby on
the treetop I don't know there still
hurts look at her
kiss your chest come on you go to bed
lay down you get to bet down there down
give dear you have a little nap time to
film my new video so and it's grab this
this guy here which is my camera that I
use if you guys don't know I'm pretty
sure you guys do know what I use to film
if you don't then I use a 5d Mark 3 this
is actually Zoe's lens but this is a 24
to 70 and then I use a rode videomic I
don't always use this lens differs
depending on what I'm filming but most
like the majority of the time it's just
this setup here and then I use some man
photo tub knocked off E and they are
like I'm not sure ma'am photo send them
to Zoe yeah and is it so I'm about to go
film a new video upstairs actually my
laptop to film this video okay I'll
catch you after from the video I'm gonna
go set up everything and film it and
just in case you were wondering the
video that were about to film Oh Joanna
go Nancy mommy
there you go the video that were bout to
film now and went up last night for you
guys it's gone up tonight for me what
you laughing at what are you doing what
are you doing why the monster I'd apakah
these double-a they're so good they're
so old school pickled onion flavor
monstermunch my new video is live guys I
don't even know the last of my vlog I
don't think I'd even filmed yet when I
honor
I just won't not a lot by showing so
loud I'm sorry Nala you can go back to
sleep oh look a yawning down there and
I've just uploaded it and my daily vlog
is gonna live as well and I've had a
glass of wine and I've had some fruit
and I've had my sandwiches and I am
feeling so good it is 20 minutes past 7
I just finished watching Jays new video
which is the giant Jenga challenge and
it is so good it's what me and him
played now I'll show you like a little
bit how do you guys how you doing today
I'm joined with Alfie but y'all ready
for honesty screwing is off me
unbalanced everything I can't believe
you done though it's so good like it's
eight minutes long but when I was
watching it it literally felt like two
minutes like it was so so quick and
funny and you guys need to you need to
watch it to find out who wins so I will
try my best to leave a link down below
if I forget because I'm the worst at
leaving links that you guys know his
channel let me film his channel name so
that you 100% know it focus focus
there we go but yeah it is literally so
so good and I'm just loved so much I
completely forgot all the things that
happened was we were playing and yeah I
kinda wish it on my channel now
is so funny it makes me want to play
again Nara is outside tracing a seagull
which is probably about 200 meters away
in the sky you're never going to catch
that Missy you're never gonna get it we
have to cheese and mayo sandwiches left
and that's it or butter in the fridge
that's it very dairy based there's
nothing else not even eggs
anyone have to get takeaway oh we could
go out to restaurant for dinner we can
have a date night sure we have a cute
date smile let's have a cute day that's
kind of date together and we can hold
hands over the table and I just watched
Anna's video video we've Jonathan and
one of the questions was who would you
be if you were a Disney character who do
you think you would be I don't know I
don't know that many people say that I
look like people say that I look like
Woody oh really
yeah look because he has a big chick
when I used to go to oh when you do do
it no I don't know either out let me
find a picture of Woody when I am used
to go to meetups when I first start
YouTube people genuinely used to bring
me like woody hats to the Meetup
please don't all start doing that guy's
wife I said air it face why have I said
her face it's like the big chin head
that is when you do that it's your eyes
that's what it is it's the eyes up here
look at that look it is this camera's so
good at focusing it's the eyes house
wait for it
there we go but what about original
Disney like not Pixar I think you would
be airing no mermaid Erik is he cool
just like times and Erik is your boy
live is it it's a very this one that
like I think you're quite everything I
do quite look I think you're maturing
that in no no charm in here
yeah he's just there's nothing really
I'm charming I'm a charming chap no I'm
not ready he's got blue eyes black hair
his eyebrows are like on fleek a minor
like bush mode what foul no go back on
Aladdin prince charming no that's not me
is that
no he's too posh and all that Robin Hood
no that's a fox listen up Robert is a
fox isn't he ha ha ha your character is
quite like him though there's me sleep
bed your character is quite like Robin
Hood
what about who would I be what about
like Lion King I'm like you're like
Robin Hood now you said that I'm like
Aladdin but you act like Robin Hood
you're a bit like naughty in a bit like
energetic no I do this stupid stuff like
do little trick yeah you're Robin head
okay and who are you you have to go
personality-wise and then look twice
because you know uh what's the film with
the three witches
you know the Matt another girl like the
purple hair one of the purple dress
Stevie we do know in there Little
Mermaid person--i isla the baddie yeah
that's you haha what about her as a
human that's what Jonathan says he said
I'm her as a human but she has brown
eyes so Jake and you're not really you
are kind of thing I bet you must look
like one of them I type in all the
Disney Princesses princesses yeah gone
now come yeah that one and then we'll
see who you are
let's get it big Minnie Mouse no you're
not a mini but oh there we go
no I can even name all of them me
neither actually
Snow White change from Target yeah
that's who you are so you know you're
James and aza
I want to be ala from frozen though I
like Carole I kinda wanna honor
yeah but his honor isn't it the way they
say or na aana you know
yo yo James Rosen Baker with his train
like always
no now you said it now you said it yo
James just think the morning you know
you're James or provincial town now you
have say good morning bail
good morning bail good morning Monsieur
no you're not
yo Jane you just look like and then
Louie is Tarzan if you do liked it the
hands together thing okay that's we
wanted then that would be it
that would be it I need six eggs that's
too expensive there must be more than
mr. horse I know you're look at the top
you're wearing your so like Tarzan ya
know is in the film Tarzan you're like
Jane font are zan look at all look at
you look at you now you're Gaston who's
that boy who I am NOT Elland from Butte
in the beach no I know who I am
I'm Gaston I agree I know who I am I
know who I am Hercules am I'm a yeah Oh
Hercules
what's up I won't say I'm in love to do
it you know too much Disney for me I
don't know that I need to watch all the
Disney film
I guess I've already won there you know
sorry that most of my vlog today is just
cuddling Nala but she's just being so
cool oh come to mommy
oh she loves me so much more than Zoe
not girly over take a nap yes and I
don't get how people can thin the pugs
are ugly write down now that I don't
what does she do Lola you just made me
choke Oh Zeebo
ow
haha wicked thing like a shooting pain
oh right yeah
gosh she's in strong effort she got me
in the jugular oh no you don't it just
started my bones oh my gosh I am so
happy right now guys look at all of this
and then it also got quartered caught a
duck in there with some wraps oh my gosh
I think I ordered a bit too much but I
am so hungry
