there's nada go for a week there Zoe not
going for a we hopefully always that be
a bit weird and then we've got like a
new sprinkler is it gonna get Nala is it
hope oh she doesn't like it she's run
away anyways guys good morning or good
morning guys
how you doing you get did you enjoy
yesterday's video you get days away it's
right I like your glasses bad
you look glasses wasting yeah I need to
look a bit hipster can you probably see
the difference how that can you see the
difference yeah actually I've got an
email the other day from optician people
so can you come and get a check I don't
feel like indeed them I feel like I can
see okay I think I can do without them
but it's just better way I know with
plus they do look kind of cool so I was
like yeah yeah no no oh my gosh someone
is excited that's wrong I love don't
like you were doing a minute ago with
her faces we're facing you
though is legit just playing background
music now now I'm trying to find some of
my video maybe you got some Baker make
them make pancake bacon pancakes makin
bacon bacon stop it oh stop it break
your camera go away here I'll break a
finger afterwards what's that you
remember in yesterday's video my task
was to clean this room are you ready to
see how much I did to it okay I didn't
do anything I didn't even guide the room
again oh I didn't nothing but here's
five don't worry I'm cooking bacon for
everyone oh is hissing at me what are
you doing I'm the best chef boyfriend
friend in the world you know he threw
this oh shut up I did order this and I
even gave those to the last two bagels
and I have got because obviously we just
got back from holiday I've got pita
bread that I had a spot of mold on it
because it went out a date a week ago
and I just cut it out like this big so I
think that's fine mold mold is leave a
bad for you so if I cut it out
especially then it's just normal so you
drink
lucky moldy that's not what I'm about to
eat is it I'm about
or blue cheese we chosen don't evilly
cheese has mold on it therefore blue
cheese is is mold so I'm finally odor
sj7 a boom he's no he's having a shame
you just shaving your chin yeah look at
all the stretch in Jay and I as I told
yesterday are about to film a new video
for his channel I bought it to pay my
channel and then I was like Jay can you
come over last night news I can't I need
from a main channel video and I was like
come over what was that that was legit
of a noise of a seagull that was so loud
he was I can't I need to film a new
video and on my camera command could
change me to London now is in London as
I can I've got video idea for your
channel come over and stay at mine
tonight and then tomorrow we'll film
there so this here is can you guys see
the seagulls there she pigeons
so bloomin loud this is what we're gonna
be playing together
Alfie verse Charlie and then so I just
I'm like being weird I keep on hearing
I'm not being weird they are real noises
and then I've got this guy here which is
going to film us and Charlie's just
having to show you film obviously of
like cleared everything around so that
we can film properly I want to go on
this guy I'm obsessed with it I nearly
just ordered another one just well just
so that when friends come over we can
race each other is that a good idea che
is that so Charlie's tempted to buy one
but che lives in a house and his bedroom
is the like the Attic yeah you can't
really do anything because you're in the
Attic with that I'm still saying he
should get one just to get around on to
go on the road just because you live in
London and go you need one in London
just to be like this this is how you can
also do like my new t-shirt oh look at
that
basically just dating Emma Watson that's
basically what's happening
Jay did you know I'm dating Emma Watson
did you know also dating taylor swift
leave of them just realize yeah so
annoying really they usually we're both
gonna do where people and I teach yeah
yeah holy moly Scott here we are in
Jamie's at the moment just havin some
food I got some special chicken pasta
and of course we got Sharon plank and
everybody is here just a light snack at
the same time as I made because I
stupidly left today's vlog them I edited
to the last so we were really well laid
out
no but we could have wait for our main
course so I just said bring everything
at the same time no we're gonna eat all
of that that's big
Hey
anytime your hands out specialist you
just steal with their children okay
that's litter pan is over there with no
Georgia Jonathan no joke
yeah as Matt say no I don't know it's
more weird or web she just does a favor
okay ballet going on over here oh maybe
not ballet anymore
and then we've got a little ballerina
over here where's he gone
mr. ballerina where are you running to
Eduardo let me see how pretty you look
what the laptop for the music
that's beautiful mania yeah good girl
ready jump on the chicken the Ciccone
wearing Jody's have left and it is more
food time it seems like the buddy just
eaten in the blog you see that big is
Shawn's here as well look how big that
piece is because we act so much Jaime's
we were literally at Jamie's restaurant
for like three hours also it is Jamie
Oliver's I think it's his birthday today
or yesterday for you guys watching this
because I was meant to be in London
tonight for his birthday party but I
only got told about him earlier on today
he invited me text me invited me earlier
on today and it's dressing up party and
the submitted early is were already
heading over so I couldn't like quickly
knit to London which I would have done
normally but it was a a dressing up
party and I didn't have anything for the
theme the theme was Star Wars
so you joking me it's a there's a
massive star wars fan oh did you not see
my video his rucksack then the Star Wars
the speaker backpack thing and so we
just go to this to share just one beats
and then some chicken as well today it's
been long today I felt really long and
don't know why I'm also trying I'm
sitting here now just on Amazon and eBay
and a website called what's this one
called firebox that you guys tell you
about just looking for little like fun
gadgety things
in video yeah like little birthday
presents and things and so if you know
any call that gadgets like my Segway
thing like that kind of thing that are
just cool that I should try out I want
to start getting a couple of cool little
gadgets and just trying them out and
videos and stuff so let me know if you
need anything and we're just watching
Emma Watson I mean Harry Potter
I just got tucked up in Tibet and I'm
about to put in a brand new set of
Invisalign teeth things this is my 8th
pair now and I can actually see that's
just so in Zoey then if it's gonna focus
or not I don't know how I can focus or
what in nothing focus but if you look at
the front two teeth on it the middle two
they're a lot look at that they're a lot
more rounded than before I don't know
how can show you like that's my my teeth
are basically these two my teeth are
like quite far back like these two stick
out and then they're very very flat like
that way looks like a peanut slammed
into a wall um but they kept them
gradually more rounded and more rounded
like I can actually see the difference
this is my 8th pair out of 22 pairs so
I'm kind of knitting 6 week so I'm gonna
be halfway through my treatment which is
crazy
halfway through feels like money just
begun and then my bottom pair I swear
they're like so nearly finished look
around they are that's so nearly done
it's gonna be so crazy when I've like
finished and then my teeth are just
straight I'm gonna look so different
anyways guys today it's been extremely
long extremely extremely good have had
so much fun today did you have a nice
day Zoe Zoe's asleep and knowledge also
in bed and Sean's gone back to my
parents so yeah I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
thank you for watching today if you
enjoyed it remember to give it a big ol
thumbs up down below let's see how many
we can get as usual I'll catch you
tomorrow
also order some really really fun
tonight so I'll tell you what it is in
towards video remind me to tell you it's
super super cool or might be on leave
until it arrives in a couple of days I
think it's coming on Tuesday anyways I
will catch you tomorrow good night
