have him and everybody time to get my
butt up and out of bed
no wake for the day come on little one
you'll cold up you tired so my mom just
texts me saying that she's going off to
her sisters today London I think it's
just outside London she's moving now
anyways her children's children
so my cousin's kids watch the videos and
my mom just texted me now saying it'd be
nice if I could grab them so much from
the office oh I can't really speak
properly today guys I've gone Oh sir and
the inside of my left it's like real bad
I had it all of yesterday as well I
think it's from oh no I think I know it
is from where my and it rubbing so I
need to personal bonjela on it or
something
I can't even film too much in this room
anymore there is so much new much of
mine coming out all over the place that
I can't even film it really I have
possibly got the best bundle of
merchandise I'm giving them so many
items here that you can't get anymore to
kick it off we've got the PB rucksack
for your chucking in there to help them
with school you know helping out their
education PB note that one a second PB
no cut a beanie in case they get chilly
seven different colour PB wristbands PB
fidget spinner another PB fidget spinner
like this stuff isn't available to PB
rollers again not available
last year's limited edition Christmas
merch this stuff is not available that's
my dog that's Nala we're gonna fold that
up nicely an unreleased color of last
year's Christmas merch no one has ever
even seen this before blue a green PB
top
a blue PB top and lastly a black PB
Verde I mean if I can even fit it all in
this bad yeah there we go
it is richer like three hours until
they're not even gets to the office to
start work hey my trampoline let me put
this back on my back hit in the morning
back my PB match on my back
yeah it's been super windy recently look
our chairs
they've all been blown around what
you're doing over here mate
come back yeah there we go
I'm trying to edit my vlog and you're
Barkin what's the matter buzz what you
doing is he doing buzz buzz we doing
you know he's could have been telling
off a bokken no because I keep telling
him off
what does he think you've got busy day
today and the office guys I did manage
finish editing my vlog earlier and just
jumped over come over to the office
today as I said to you in yesterday's
video if you watched it we've got like a
not a training day but we've got
somebody in the office today to teach us
how to work better a part of the work
that we do and where's it gone about so
it's now half past two lunchtime half
past two already today and it's now time
to crack on editing the video because
I'm about halfway through okay so the
workday is finally over well I mean not
for me
it is for everybody else in the office
but it's not for me it's currently 6
o'clock 6 o'clock in the evening I told
you in yesterday's vlog that today was
going to be a busy day today was a
business day today was working on bids
big big big business deals they're going
to be happening in in the future some
big cool stuff that we're planning that
we're working on things that are going
to enable all that the fun the awesome
projects that are gonna be happenin here
on the future on this YouTube channel
all my other YouTube channels on new
projects that are come in on my
merchandise on theirs everything you
know everything that you follow
everything about me today was one of the
days when we were making big moves into
the future to make cool stuff happen
including some new merchandise I've got
a piece of Christmas merchandise I'm
gonna let you listen I'm not gonna show
you what it is this is super exclusive
like I'm so happy with the design of
this listen that's all that's all that's
all year to hear that's it
and one thing that I can't turn the
camera around now because I'm going to
leak the exclusive stuff so I mean
you're gonna have to vlog the back of my
head for a second ok
one thing that I'm looking for is my
wire actually I don't even know what
what exact wire is my wire that plugs my
PlayStation in if you saw yesterday's
video
I've recent become obsessed with this
game called four night battle royale
downloaded it on my Mac on my laptop
just couldn't handle it just wasn't
really fast enough so the other option
is to play on here on my playstation
although since moving office is
okay that's the cable I know it were a
lot I I haven't haven't plugged in my
playstation anyway so the warrior is
either in there in there or in there
that is ranked like I need to sort this
out big time I just got like why is
everywhere
bloody yeah literally after doing this
to the floor I've got the ps4 on and the
Xbox one on but I don't know where my
remote is this is like a monitor as well
as like a TV kind of thing so it can
it's a display so you can use it for
what you want but now I've got to try
and figure out how to oh here we go
HDMI one come on come on come on hey
just when I thought it was all done I
thought it was sorted
I found these three boxes of wires and
cables know all the properly they're all
probably divided actual cables and I bet
you I've used the wrong ones like this
cable here is actually for the TV so I
don't have a clue what I've used to make
that work what have I done
I've not opened I've opened a can of
worms and now I'm stuck with this
positive note it's pretty work hidden I
have not finished with this but I need
to go home where my dog is at where's
buzzy boy here he is hello mate hello
Missy hey hey somebody excited look how
good he is
can you say you want me to turn they
would like good boy in this one this one
no come on good boy okay boy treats look
at Nala she's that my turn oh okay let's
go get some treats she goes along for
the ride
litchi like tilt his head and then
started moving and also what and he's
like towards it right you just need that
one okay I'm gonna break you in half
you're gonna pop each sit down down
buddy boy sit oh that's naughty he
dropped it Oh
oh my god he doesn't like a speaking
he's now pause why are you so weird give
him one of the crunchy ones cuz I gave
him one of those before and he was fine
you like that one
no I can't Haseena don't do that in my
life he's really fussy yeah fed it to
him again spat it out okay no difference
if you wondering why buzz has eyedrops
and not a dozen it's because buzz used
to not anymore
touch would suffer from iOS's so he'd
get like a scratch in his eye and his
eyes wouldn't naturally healed them
whereas like it's always like if I
scratch my eye my eye would naturally
heal itself in the same way as only and
everyone's and knowledge does that as
well
buzzer sad he doesn't do that so the
other day
he had to have ice Jeff told you the
vlogs we're like this little bit of his
I hear they just sew up a tiny bit too
more together so there his eye isn't so
like open it's more it's just a slightly
different shape to the eye and it went
super super well and he's like fully
recovered now he did have a wire cone on
his head for like 10 days which he
really really didn't like but now he's
all good and he just has to have a
couple of little like more teary-eyed I
think it's literally like water like you
know when people work on talent is there
sometimes or people who have glasses do
I top sometimes it's like that it's just
like lubricating the eye so it's not
actual medicine it's just just helps him
out you know so he's made an incredible
dinner for us tonight I know I just said
the D word in front of buzz
I've got what my sausage is yeah truffle
oil sausages and then Zoe's got tomato
mozzarella sausages fuzzy would you like
to see your mommy would you let's see
your mommy yeah
your mommy oh my god buzz 30l buzzy boy
which is let's see your mommy your mommy
huh mommy where's mommy where's mommy
okay she's coming I've been telling him
we're here and he's crying mommy's boy I
told you mommy's come in oh I kind of
didn't say that daddy's coming oh no you
can say hello
no it's daddy every night when I'm going
to bed
Zoey likes to unintentionally make me
play a game called try and find all of
the candles that Zoey's litter around
the house without telling me and blow
them out before they burn the house down
wasps were asleep
I literally end up walking around and
around and around checking every candle
ever to make sure that I've blown them
all out cuz I have no ideas which one's
own he's little which one she hasn't
found out some crazy news tonight guys
about the do I tell you now I totally
know I tell me now I don't know how much
detail is legally good to go into but
you know the gym doesn't get built at
the moment basically have a garage if
you don't watch it there the vlogs
regularly then what are you doing go
down below hit the subscribe button guys
it takes out two seconds I've got a
double garage on the driveway but we
don't have any cars that need to be
parked inside a garage we also don't
need the space because we've got a wall
so-called attic and we've also got a
cellar so we don't really need the space
there anyways long story short I've been
getting it converted into a gym for ever
since I went on holiday which was on
that 8th of September I've been getting
it converted into a gym lessons before
that actually because I ordered my
equipment for the gym whilst I was away
I ordered it on the 12th of September
basically long story short I'm getting a
gym belt in the garage it's looking
amazing I've been updating you guys in
the vlogs bar recently I haven't really
been updating you much and found out
some news a couple of days ago that
sucks and then I've just like been
thinking about it a proper processing it
tonight and I'm like woah crap this is
like really bad like this is a bad
situation like I've been so busy
recently thump into cold water on my
ulcer I've been so busy recently with
work that I haven't really
I don't know I just almost didn't
believe it was real but now it's just
setting setting in that it is real the
garage had been like converted into a
gym it's looking amazing
the builders can't finish the gym
because we're waiting for the gym floor
to arrive from the company that I
ordered it from to go in and then the
mirrored wall can be put in afterwards
and then it's completely done I think
there's a couple of lights that need to
be burned best basically done so service
I was on holiday which was like five
five weeks ago now I ordered a ton of
gym equipment and if like I'm talking
proper gym equipment like bloody
expensive stuff like all the proper
machines treadmills cross-trainers all
the weights squat racks I'm talking
everything like just one piece of my
equipment for example I'm not going to
talk about everything but just one piece
of equipment that I ordered it was like
three and a half thousand pounds like
I'm talking gym equipment is expensive
that's right now I realize what gym
memberships are expensive because the
equipment is expensive
I ordered a ton of equipment like
everything that I could ever need that
my family could ever need I'm in a very
very fortunate position doing this
YouTube thing that I do
it was meant to arrive in three weeks it
didn't arrive myself and the team have
been emailing the companies saying yo
guys where's my equipment and there are
sorry we're gonna let you know with a
tracking order number as soon as it's
been delivered like soon as it's left
the warehouse kind of thing okay cool
that we've been emailing back and forth
back and forth the last email was on the
5th of October that we received it is
currently the 23rd the 23rd of October
so we haven't had an email in like 18
days so we've been chasing them over the
last couple of days I yo yo yo what's
happening we bring five different
numbers that we have for them for with
members of staff and stuff all phones
are cancelled we emailed the three
people that we've been speaking to all
emails bounced back as this email does
not exist anymore it's looking like the
company have closed down but they were
literally emailing me on the 5th of
October saying yeah everything's all
good
sorry for the delay we're going
you know as soon as the the items know
the gym equipment the floor and
everything that I ordered like saw oh so
much good stuff we're gonna let you know
asap when they're sent out what can you
give you the date but we can't give you
the date that they will have over your
house because they haven't left our
warehouse yeah those bloomin people knew
that they were never gonna leave the
warehouse they knew their company was
closing down and they took my money they
knew it was happening because now I
can't get through to any of them and I
spoke to an old employee one of the
people that we first started speaking to
when we first ordered the gym equipment
my assistant found her mobile number in
an email somewhere that we'd like
emailed her and we found her and she was
like yeah the company's accounting
really hasn't been looking good for
quite a few months now way before you
ordered the equipment I don't work for
the company anymore I don't know anyone
that works for the company I'm nothing
to do with it and I'm like all I want is
my gym equipment but each day that
passes each time we call their their
offices all five different numbers we
have and they just bounce back as this
number doesn't exist anymore each time
each time we email each member of staff
and it bounces back saying this email is
not registered as an email address
anymore it's starting to hit me started
hit me that I've lost my money not just
the gym equipment but the company's
closed down I mean I don't have any Lee
has I've got my lawyers and my
accountant everyone looking into it at
the moment for me so I'm not going to
name the company and stuff I don't know
what it's actually going on with it
all I know is that I've spent thousands
of pounds on my gym and I was so excited
for her it's meant to be ready a couple
of weeks off to go back from holiday not
updating you guys go in and showing you
with the updates from filming the bill
just doing all the work on it and stuff
like that and and now we've got no
equipment but not even got no equipment
I'm also I think it's like always funny
because it's so ridiculous realistically
I don't think I'm gonna be getting the
money back so I don't know what to do
that's three my evening thinking about
that watching a couple of YouTube videos
watching some TV and planning something
super excited to do with my merchandise
also there's tons of Christmas much
coming up soon if you want to help me
get some new gym equipment buy so
imagine I'm joking guys I'm joking I'm
in a fortunate position where I can't
afford new gym equipment but it does
absolutely suck and I don't have to
order new equipment or not like let my
legit gonna have to like go on another
company or do the annoying thing as well
is that I didn't know apparently if I
ordered this stuff from a credit card
not a debit card then the credit card
company could have given me my money
back
I don't own a credit card it's one of
those things growing up what everybody
has told me Alfie don't ever get a
credit card because then you're gonna
get yourself into debt and then you
won't good to pay it back so I'm like am
never ever ever gonna get a credit card
that's too scary I'm not gonna do it
turns out if I did do it would it bring
save that money
just thought I'd update you almost going
on at the moment because you guys are
bloody big part of my lives and I want
you to be involved in as much stuff as
possible for the good the bad the weird
the strange the people that took my
order and took my money knowing that
company was gonna close down that
frustrates me I'm gonna end the vlog
here guys so I'm gonna go to bed go and
chill have a cold bottle of water thank
you so much everyone he's already given
the video a thumbs up they pawed the LBW
Club let me know by showing some sports
subscribe if you're not already and I'll
I'll update you in the missing gym
equipment tomorrow hopefully we can
somehow get my money back
in the meantime I'm just gonna keep on
eating unhealthy because I'm not working
out
