good morning guys so today I will
convert our ago at nine o'clock which is
11 o'clock in Greece because Greece is
two hours ahead so I have quite a lie in
today and most of fell asleep really
early last night and I haven't yet
watched any of orange is the new black
although I've downloaded all of season
one onto my new little mini laptop and
just been having some breakfast some
cereal with Zoey and this little one
hello good morning skip morning you
being naughty this morning you know what
like kids wake up on Christmas I think
she must have just woken up in bed today
I mean like oh my god mom and dad in
here and just been so excited that she's
going crazy
hey little TQ and um I don't really know
what the plan is today what we doing
today Zoey what we do today mark
organize stop Oh what we do need to do
is empty our we need to empty our
suitcases that way you want their thing
do we we need empty are you having a tug
of war game no no here we go this one
this little ones right side there we go
that's there to be on team
my coffee is ready I just need to add
some milk and then I'm just getting all
the house chores done basically so I
just unpacked all my stuff from the
holiday tied it all away put it into
piles of clothes that clean that I
didn't wear clothes that a dirty gone
through all my wardrobe and thrown out
probably about 15 pieces of clothes that
I just I don't even ever wear so I'm
going to give them to charity now I'm
doing the dishwasher and then I'm going
to fill the dishwasher again and then
it's time for lunch
I think I've got something where I'm
obsessed with everything being tidy
I don't know how normally that is to
have but like if there's mess like this
here I'm just like I need to tidy it so
bad it needs to go like I don't want to
be emptying the dishwasher now but I'm
doing it because I can't handle every
time I see the kitchen seeing that
they're all done right now I can finally
enjoy my coffee it's a little bit cold
damn it took so long doing the dishes
chef this here is my next task I don't
know if you've noticed in my vlogs
recently I haven't been in this room in
like two or three weeks or a month in
the vlogs and it's not because I've been
trying to hide it from you guys just
because I literally don't use it are you
ready to see how messy it is this is my
office remember this room oh look at it
now oh my gosh if it were literally
walking in here just makes me wanna like
hit my forehead look at it look at all
the mess basically that is a part of
receipts that is up my passport and
rubbish and broken cameras and I ever
hear is like random stuff and then like
protein that I bought for working out
and like empty boxes for my new lens and
my new camera and clothes and presents
from you guys from meetups and my camera
equipment from holiday and new tripods
and stuff and a new bag more presents
and letters from you guys from when I
just went to my book tour in America and
Toronto more presents from you guys like
just are too much stuff I can't handle
it
so that
hello bar is probably my main task of
today I want to go get some lunch now
because it's like quarter to one and I'm
really hungry because I need a bowl of
cereal for breakfast but I need to like
stop at least start making like a big
tackle on that room just go off of the
longest phone call in the world about
those emails and future merchandise and
all exciting stuff and I'm uploading my
new daily vlog just edited it this
camera battery is about to die so I'm
going to be quite quick I didn't have
time to have lunch
it is currently 25 minutes past 4:00
which means I'm extremely late for lunch
but I literally been on the phone this
entire time so I'm going to make some
bacon and I'm going to make some toast
and the other thing I'm going to put
which one looks best if I don't know I
don't think that's ripe if one of these
three avocados is ripe still then I'm
going to put some avocado on there as
well if not that I'm just going to bacon
sandwich the bacon is in and that's time
to play with the doggy coming in just
get this way go go go
no don't play with that coming then wait
doc that stone Mallos this ah what's
this good then let's use teeth a
stronger I'm scared to eat and put it my
mouth like calm down
ah ah yo she's strong
you're a strong leader deep yellow
strong little bit of a change of plan
I've made a bagel instead and of course
but too much ketchup now I am a massive
fan of HP I don't know what it's called
like another scratching at the door you
might need a wee-wee
hopefully that's a good sign if it is oh
look lookie here scratching at the door
does that mean you need the toilet gun
then you get to the toilet yeah I'm a
massive fan of brown sauce when it comes
to breakfast but if it comes to just a
sandwich I'm or the ketchup kind of guy
in case you're wondering in case you're
wondering I also made Zoey one as well
so boyfriend points you know and now
money videos back to life in nine
minutes which is good this is my first
end book since coming back from holiday
so I am so excited
look how tidy this room is now guys the
only bits I need sort out is this dirty
washing down there I need to wash that
dirty washing sheets and then just this
stuff here which is unpacking from
holiday and they need to go inside
different rooms around the house but put
it into each pile per room I want to
look at this I bought this before I went
on a holiday as you guys saw in the vlog
abort it was Sean in town and I know
that amazing Phil and bought some of
this and used it in like a second video
second channel video so I bought it
because I saw this video not like that
looks so fun so I want to try out in
today's vlog okay so I don't know if
it's going to be good or not let me put
you guys down there it's probably going
to go everywhere is now probably
shouldn't just do on the copper but oh
well this is kinetic sand don't know
what it does I don't think I think this
stuff is legit for like three-year-olds
Wow now I don't really know let me try
and get comfortable I don't really know
what I do with it all I know is that
it's like kinetic and it's so soft and
weird like it looks now like I'm going
this in slow motion but I'm literally
not I feel like I want to go and get my
other camera shall I go and get my big
camera and get like a really really sick
I'll try and get like a cool time lapse
or something I like build a tower
and then they let it like flop down and
I'll fast forward it should I try that
or is this just going to be crap right
let me go and get my camera and we'll
give it a try and just see what happens
so this is the camera and it's filming
this over here this is what it looks
like
should we try it it's probably not going
to work
and that probably didn't work at all but
anyways I don't kind of know why I
bought this stuff and I don't know I'm
gonna do with it it's just like fluffy
and cool and I thought you're gonna be
able to like mold it into cool shapes
which you can do don't get me wrong
it seemed like a sponsor video oh this
isn't sponsored I literally went and
bought this stuff when they entertain
that the other day like you can mold it
it's cool but that's kind of it like it
doesn't really I don't know what I
expected it to do but it's cool I like
it or they've just got it all over the
carpet just came to Nando's with Morgan
quickly pick up some just a small amount
near Nando's there and all this just
seven bags as you do so basically it's
not often that all my college of school
friends come back in one go and it
happens that loads of them about this
weekend so just invite it how many
people are coming over tonight like 12 I
think there's like 12 people coming over
to the house tonight so I just picked up
a meal of Nando's but every single
person come in a 72 ones vegetarian and
ones already eaten and then then we're
just jumping back in a taxi to go back
home I don't know how much I'm going to
vlog tonight it might just cut to me be
in a bed afterwards because I find it a
bit weird vlogging my like some people
who went to school and college just
because being on YouTube isn't for them
so I'm not really sure the vlog might in
now it might not and as I said there was
no film of my friends but I'm sorry guys
it's just I don't know I know a daily
vlog but it's nice to sometimes just
take little breaks within the day like
today with my friends to just have it
without having to put the pressure on
filming them I had 12 friends over which
is really really nice because I don't
get to catch up with my college friends
or my school friends all the ones very
often that I see like Jay and Morgan and
Joe Dwyer a couple of times at some
times or Holly but today I had like 12
friends over which is super super rare
so we all just chilled in the garden had
a Nando's
the outside speakers playing music and
just relaxed and like they've got to
meet nod because some of them have some
of them like Emma my friend who is
obsessed you guys have seen Emma before
she is obsessed with look out and I look
as well this is so weird she is obsessed
with dogs and cats and she had never met
not look for so she was super excited
that's crazy we've had known her for
like six months or something and she'd
never met Darla that's so weird
it's 14 minutes past 2:00 in the morning
she is staying over tonight because we
are going to film a video for his
channel tomorrow um kind of the same
time says so go check it out I'll
probably forget to leave a link down
below youtube-dot-com forward-slash my
name's Jay
my name is Jay also got my braces in if
I sound a little bit lispy I got these
guys in and yeah that is about it I hope
you enjoyed the vlog take it it what is
that I don't even know anyways if you
enjoyed the vlog guys give it a big old
thumbs up to let me know you did I'm so
glad and happy to be back vlogging
tomorrow I've got a super exciting day
now I'm going to have so much fun
tomorrow so be excited for it and I'll
catch you then good night
