good morning guys we are back from
holiday I've just got home
and the time is currently half past four
let me introduce you to my family hey
mister what you eat in what are you
eating in there mr. Percy mr. Pitts been
hiding down there over here where is she
you get lots of attention you get lots
of attention Missy we've just had her in
the garden she's soaked and we're
running through the sprinkler hey have
you missed me lay down if you've missed
me more than Zoe
oh my god she missed me so much I'm just
currently cooking some and we turn that
noise off today oh that's not the
NatWest the noise coming from there we
go just currently cooking some pasta for
some lunch because I've only had plain
food so far are you glad my home did you
have a nice trip
oh actually watch the holiday let me go
just remember here so it's a bit more
quiet you guys
the man this room is tidy look at this
room everybody the holiday was
absolutely amazing like so so good I had
such a relaxing time although it was
weird like so weird not making videos it
was just strange like I filmed some
little clips like just for the family
not good at all just like scenery stuff
and I bought an underwater housing for
this camera here that you're watching I
didn't film anything for YouTube but
let's just have taken pictures and stuff
like that of like c'mere papi your mum
and dad and Zoe in Sean and stuff
underwater
do I look more tanned comment down below
if I look more tanned also my hair is
back and everyone's go nuts in my
comments about my hair being back
because I don't want to get a tan mark
here like if I have my hair down I'm
growing my hair out I've told you guys
I'm gonna grow it really like not really
long but quite long well it's obviously
not gonna go down normally now because
I've had that hairband in flight the
whole day but if I had my fringe down
then I'm gonna get like a tan mark on my
forehead so instead I just whacked one
of these guys in
and just pulled my hair back to us out
the way and it's so much easier than
doing my hair anyways holiday was
awesome I'm sure you guys saw on
Instagram and Facebook and Twitter and
everything all the pictures so relaxing
but so weird not making videos I still
had videos going up like I think I had
six videos going up whilst I was away so
you guys still got to see all of those
that I pre filmed and I hope you enjoyed
them let me know if you did in the
comments and I'll try and do stuff like
that in the future when I go away I was
getting like a crazy load of like emails
about well it's my pastor about like you
to be stuff when I was when I was like
no try and ignore or deny just enjoy the
holiday and I did I think it was the
first holiday since like did you turn it
down or you turned it off are you off no
let's go increasing shorten that was
like the first holiday in ages that I
just like properly relaxed and didn't
think the whole time like I should be
filming videos I should be film videos
because I had them all already filmed
right anyways let's carry this run into
a normal daily vlog let's get back into
it
I'm currently cooking pasta it's half
past four in the afternoon and it's cool
being about vlogging finish making my
pasta and I've eaten half of that and
then also I forgot to film because I'm
not used to their stately vlogging thing
again I made two in one like a giant
protein shake with banana honey and
chocolate protein and milk as usual and
now I'm going to decant it into two of
these for Sean and I oh this looks so
good oh I mean one's got a little bit
less if you have that I also put them in
the freezer for 45 minutes which means
they are nice and cold
Sean come and try this
yo that's good mmm
finally reunited with my baby but also
just ordered a taxi to go into town
because I realized I didn't show you
guys because I haven't been vlogging I
bought a MacBook Air which is like the
tiny door 11 inch laptops because my big
laptop is basically dead text who's that
a missed call from number that all my
taxi outside um basically every single
time I would edit a daily vlog and those
video stars preparing while stars on
holiday my laptop crashed like six times
a day so I've just bought a new MacBook
Air but I don't have one of these
this is Zoe's one I want one of them
little case things so that I don't
describe to and break it so we've just
ordered a wagon on this because we're
going to go to my parents for a wagon
Mother's tonight
and we trying to get a nip to the apples
for fast to buy some no no have you got
have you got necklaces on Nayla necklace
is niala oh she's so confused take them
off of her right we need to go short
keep on forgetting to vlog I'm in town
and I just bought my self a new case in
there for my laptop and then I've also
bought like a little 32 gig USB thing to
go Mikey's not a hundred percent sure
why I bought it yet and it just looked
cool and I think I will need it at some
point and therefore it'd be worth the
money and then I also bought a Zoey a
new laptop charger just jumping in a
taxi now - oh hey so I go and get a
wacom on this
then off straight off to mom and dad's
welcome where's my what are his my big
old one know how much we got look at the
color in this new camera look how clear
it is well it's the same one as I did
before
it's just brand new because we warm the
pool was so broken and battered we got
some doggie popcorn oh my gosh she loves
it
they don't quite know how to eat it
though you know is very subscribe to
those like what are they called woof box
and pooch pal something like that I
don't know she subscribe to these things
it's kind of like what did their makeup
ones lossing boxing that basically you
pay like I know 10 or a month and then
you get sent a load of dog presents
every month and this was one of like the
five or six things that arrived in one
of them today same thing in both boxes
so we just bought buzz every one of them
cuz we have two of these he's gone Shawn
you try out literally go on popcorn for
dogs semi doesn't you see we look at him
sitting down he doesn't quite know like
how to eat it no you have onesies still
there we try one no the thing is I don't
actually like normal popcorn no I broke
my tooth that was rocks all it was he
wasn't a hard no truth yes alright see
you got
it's just playing poker buddy
why eat it ready - no wait wait doesn't
know you know there's a little bit but
this isn't that playing poker but you
know I want to play with buzz I want to
get like one and then put them under
three right little hats and then you
have to guess which one is in ya jack
and they're smart enough to do that I
think you'd be a good tree and then you
put one three under one of them this is
the stuff that we just tried for paws
only it says oh wait wait we need to get
a better to eat than popcorn right so
we're gonna put it in yeah put it upside
down in the middle one so your nose
wherever it is he's already licking it
does he know to avoid showing which one
pad I now switch them this is where I
can do well where is it
find it we're trying do you want bars
which one
wait oh this huh this one is he good at
yeah
ha ha good boy
mom and dad are quite competitive when
it comes to their garden growing fruit
and veg and stuff and dad has been going
what are you going mushrooms mushrooms
could be very good or they could be
completely well they're in your cupboard
in here you have to grow them in the
dark now they could be rakesh not have
you not seen them no I laid in here yes
then don't dirt oh my god what the yeah
there's that they haven't grown very
well so far is that it's
disappointing mushrooms it's mushroom
spores they meant to have grown into
mushrooms but I don't think they've done
quite as well as I had hoped they would
do I've seen better mushrooms in the
local park then that bad mum mum your
strawberries win yeah probably
you're growing them in a cupboard by now
let's go see mom strawberries in
comparison you guys you guys have to
vote in the comments buzz who's do you
think about it you think mommy's
strawberries right you guys let me know
in the comments who's better I mean
that's still oh wow I know they all
pretty sick that's right can I try one
yep you have to wash it no really loads
yeah let me try one of your mushrooms
now in comparison that strawberry was
tasty
now try this I don't think so sweetheart
are they meant to be edible mushrooms
the mums also grown all of these don't
have a clue what any of them are loaded
over there look at these big bull ones
that she's been growing that cool look
at these all right guys it is time to
end my vlog which is herself so got my
top on I never ever vlog through my top
on I've got no trousers on I've just got
boxers on and I've literally I just
tweeted now saying I've gone past tired
or intense headband thing off I am so so
sleepy gnarliest and in the bed bus
tonight sleepy one nickel one hello and
then I've just got my laptop or my new
laptop let me show you it got my new
little laptop and then I just got a new
little case for it today like a little
white case and I'm downloading orange is
the new black season one which I think
of watch like four episodes before but
if I get like train journeys and things
because I've got my new little 11 inch
laptop it's just easier to like if I
don't have internet then I can watch it
anyway so I'm just downloading all of
season one orange is the new black now
oh man that top-down they did or so did
so far I think I've seen the first four
but I can't quite remember I wasn't
quite a while ago and I know season 3
just came out and everyone is going
crazy about it so I want to try and
catch up quite quickly and get into it
alright anyways guys I'm going to take
this off and I'm gonna good sleep so
that thank you fortune half of today I
know it wasn't a full vlog but it's just
because I just landed back from holiday
which I had an amazing time and I'll
catch you tomorrow with a brand new
video if you're excited that I am
vlogging then give the video a thumbs up
as I said before I hope you enjoyed the
video as well start us away if you
haven't seen them go check them out they
were kind of like main channel videos
any others I'm gonna sleep now I'll
catch you tomorrow good night
oh okay okay okay okay that's enough
