neither are you ready to film today I
thought I would tell some truths I
thought I would be honest with you guys
be a bit more open and just let you know
what you want to know about me so I'm
about to tweet right now saying tweet me
truth question dot something I may not
want to admit you'll see why in a week
or so when this video goes up basically
let's go to my mentions I'm kind of
scared because some of you come up with
some some weird stuff
Pixies zoella ask your biggest fear
right my biggest fear I'm going to be
honest with you guys it's a little bit
deep my biggest fear is death and I
think it's quite common biggest fear so
it's not like I'm particularly weird for
having it but I'm just very very very
scared it's not so much myself passing
away
touchwood in the UK we do a thing called
touch words which basically means like
not jinx in it it's more about people
that I love so much passing away around
me you don't know it just scares me a
lot and I think that's quite a noble
thing to be scared of have you ever had
a crush on a teeth turn your phone off
our way it was my phone anyways what was
the question have I ever had a crush on
a teacher I don't think I have you know
like I've had teachers that are like
attractive before but I don't think I've
ever had a crush on a teacher my first
kiss I told you guys this before my
first kiss was like it's pretty standard
just boring kiss you would know it
wasn't boring at the time it was my
first kiss it was just with my
girlfriend at the time I think I was
like how old was I
1415 I can't remember I survived like 14
or 15 with my first girlfriend I think
it was at her doorstep saying goodbye
quite standard really this is a good one
do you shampoo or wash first now I've
thought about this one quite another
times before when washing my hair now
personally I always wash my hair first
because I feel that if I was rinsed in
my hair and washing it my shampoo like
dirty shampoo or I'm saying it as if all
of my hairs proper dirty but technically
dirty shampoo unlike conditioner comes
down my body and like off and into the
like the
some of the shower now if I just cleaned
my money and I like scrub through my
body I was all nice and clean and then I
had like dirty shampoo go down myself
then surely that would make me dirty
again or not like as dirtiest before but
you know I mean like I would get dirty
shampoo on my clean body so I always
clean my hair wash my hair first then
wash my body I don't know let me know
what you do in the comments I don't I
don't have that standard I don't know if
I don't know what's know whoa like I
don't know
I either naked friend in the group now
in my group of friends I think it's
quite standard in normal light in an
average group of friends to have one
friend that always likes to get naked
now that is definitely not me I have
never ever ever been a person to let
others like you know those like the
Stuart were like lads on holiday all
shown each other our penises when we wee
and stuff like that that's that I
couldn't be further from the opposite
the last thing I want is my friends to
see my penis I just I just think it's
weird like I don't really want that I'm
not I'm not the naked friend have you
ever gotten high why high they mean like
taken drugs or smoke weed or stuff like
that and now I'm going to be completely
honest with you guys in the video like
I'm not lying at all I have never ever
ever even like tried one tiny bit of a
cigarette like normal tobacco I have
never ever tried even like a shisha or
anything that resembles smoking I have
never ever tried weed or whatever you
call it where you're from I've never
tried any drugs like that at all and I
never ever plan to I think I have quite
like a strong theory behind why I don't
do it and that is because I don't see
myself doing it in the future if I don't
want to smoke in the long run why am i
trying it in the first place that is my
that is my theory some people like you
have to try everything once I'm like no
you don't if you don't want to do it
then why are you trying it I just think
it's weird like if I don't want to smoke
in two years time why am i bothering
trying it now if I don't want to do it
and that is my theory and that is why
I've never tried any of that stuff this
one is probably quite a serious one but
I genuinely find it quite funny because
I I can't relate to it at all do
you actually pretend to like any of your
friends now I mean it's not a funny
question like that's a serious question
that some people probably do do that but
a piece of advice that I that I want to
give you if you have done that or you
experienced that or anything is don't do
it if you're having to act like somebody
else or any haunts version of yourself
or change things about you your
personality or what you look like or
feel that you're not worthy to be
friends with somebody you're having to
act up to be their friend they're not
the right friend for you like you should
only be friends with people that accept
you for who you are you should never
ever and that goes the same with
relationships don't ever go into a
relationship having to like enhance
yourself or pretend that you never fart
or you have to wear beautiful makeup
every single day for your boyfriend to
fancy you like that is absurd it is
absolutely ridiculous and should never
ever be done people should accept you
for who you are
and like you and love you for who you
are like that sound it sounds sort of
like I'm being so deep but I'm being
serious
if you having to act as a different than
Hart's version of yourself to please
somebody then they're not worthy over
time there will be people out there
other people out there there may be a
bit harder to find but I promise you you
will find them who will love and accept
who you actually are and then you won't
have to be used up we were energy trying
to be somebody and do something that
you're not and you are okay yourself
people will love you for a promise
somebody literally just weeds me 36
seconds ago saying you're so fake it's
not even funny
that is like blows my mind that the last
question that I just answered was don't
pretend or don't be somebody that you're
not and now I go online to see somebody
said you're so fake like I genuinely
find that hilarious but you think what
you want if you don't enjoy Who I am and
you don't like Who I am
you don't have to watch my videos that
is the beauty of YouTube if you don't
like why great if you're watching this
video and you're not enjoying it and you
don't like me then I don't know why
you're wasting your time
off the video also I should just add
that that person who tweeted me it does
in fact follow me I don't know why on
which part of a woman do you look at
burst this is a good question because
stereotypically boys are like oh my God
look at that bum boy look at their boobs
I don't like I'm genuinely being serious
and this is probably gonna be watching
the video now oh my god just like July
ah
I don't care say what you want I
genuinely look the things that I look at
first in girls or females or women would
probably be eyes and teeth and just
their face I don't know I don't know why
like when I talk to people I like to
look into their eyes is that weird
let me look into the eyes that sounds so
creepy saying it back I would say
people's eyes there was a guy the other
day this is completely thrown off topic
there was a guy the other day and he
might even be watching this because he
said he watches my videos hey if you are
I was in Apple Store in Brighton and he
has one eye that's blue and one eye
that's green or maybe it was brown I was
with my mum and his eye is with
different colors and the whole time I
just couldn't stop staring into his eyes
and then when we left my mum was like I
never ever met my grandma when I was
younger and my grandma passed away
before I was born I was in my mom's
stomach when she passed away that's my
mom's mom and my mum when we left was
like did you notice his eyes of course I
did his eyes were crazy they were all I
loved them though so called and she was
like that's exactly what my mom's eyes
were like she had one green and one blue
so I think that's cool anyways
despite all of that I just thought I'd
let you know that somebody in the Apple
strug crazy eyes they were amazing I
loved them turns out my grandma had the
same eyes anyways was I gonna say yeah
the first thing that I look at in a girl
I would say their eyes their face and
their teeth that's what I think last
question I don't want this video to get
too long
do you stalk your fans now I don't like
to call you guys fans I'd like to call
you like viewers or friends or the
pointless gang do I stalk you guys I
don't stalk you guys in the street like
following you around but I love love to
go on Twitter and then like go on one of
your accounts and then view the
conversations you're having with
somebody else that also watches my
videos and you're like oh my gosh I wish
I wish out he would notice me
yes Sam he noticed me back in 2011 are
this dish and then I just doing them
like hey guys
loving the conversation and then
everyone that freaks it is so fun so I
would definitely say that on Instagram
my tagged photos on Instagram and
Twitter mentions of course I stalk to
you guys why would I know I love being
involved I feel like I'm like I get
excited I get so excited like reading
all of your tweets and stuff I can't
help my favorite so many of your tweets
I replied to quite a lot of them and I
read so many anyways I should end this
video now because it's getting very long
I hope you've enjoyed all the truths
that I've answered if you have any more
in the comment them down below as I said
previously in a couple of videos I am
currently on holiday and that is why
this is not a daily blog because I'm not
going to film every single day while
some holiday over my family anyways I
hope you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it let me know that you
did by giving that thumbs up on this
video I'm so wait a minute weird moods
nola you in a good mood are you in a
good mood
come here can we say hello to everyone
come and say hello
wow you're thank you I love you so much
say hello see you hello anyways I'll
catch you soon guys good bye
