hey guys today always the microphone on
let me check it is on hey how are you
doing today I thought I would go through
some holiday essentials must-haves that
kind of thing basically as you're
watching this for the ten millionth time
I'm telling you I'm pre recording this
because I'm currently on holiday if I
sound a little bit lispy in this video
because I got my Invisalign braces in so
let's kick off this video I might even
just trying to do this video and one
take you know that could that could be
fun
let's try I'm going to go for one take
if I make a cut then I fail ok holiday
item number one let's go with when
you're at airport you need one of these
this here is called a passport holder it
basically just holds all your things
like your flight tickets and all of that
and your passport and things I'm
somebody that is obsessed with not
losing things so when I'm at the airport
if I ever have a freak and I'm like
where's my possible I left my possible
some I hate that so I buy one of these
and I keep it with me I literally hold
it like this the whole time I'm in the
airport so that nobody can touch my past
of all because anybody walking past me
they're a threat to still in my passport
just letting you know item number two
once you get on holiday you're going to
want one of these you might not I mean I
I want one of these it's basically
you've probably seen at my daily vlogs
put this on and then like put it back
and it pulls back all your hair the last
thing you want when your holiday is to
have your fringe slightly down the whole
time with that you realize in and then
you get all what the video wasn't
recording then it is and then you get a
suntan in the shape of your fringe and
then you get your haircut this is
probably only for boys I've done it
before
you get your haircut your fringe is made
a bit shorter and then you have like a
bit that isn't as tanned as much you
don't want that so scrape all your hair
back even if you don't look cool for the
week scrape your hair back with this
then you get a good tan all over your
whole forehead item number three let's
go with this one first everybody first
not first third no editing guys
everybody needs a book when the holiday
it is that probably the only place that
I properly read a book is when I'm on
holiday I still haven't read this this
is my girlfriend's book zoella or Zoey
and
yeah she bought the book out Zoey how
long ago did your book come out November
a long time ago I still haven't read it
I've read one chapter and then I forgot
to carry on reading it so I am I
challenge myself to read this book what
I say challenge myself it's not really
hard to read one book in a week but I
want to do that I really really want to
read this so I'm going to read this
mastermind holiday tweet me to make sure
that I am okay exam number four item
before we're going to go this man photo
sent me this the other day no getting
paid to say it man want to sell me this
and it's a lovely little tripod it's
like this and then you can press this
little button in here and it like moves
the head around so you can tilt your
camera now I know not everybody daily
vlogs but I'm sure most of you when you
go away probably take a camera with you
like a holiday camera or a photography
camera or something this is great to
just pop in your bag and then open up
the little eggs put it down and you can
take some great photos of it it even
holds the weight of my big camera with
my big lens you know like my hench lens
that I have like this long it even holds
that on there so it's pretty damn sturdy
I love it and I literally use this in my
daily vlogs I take this everywhere with
me
it also looks very pointed out last
night like one of those things that fall
off a tree and go I don't know anyways
item number five this here everybody
needs one of these you don't have to get
into this brand but Fujifilm I do love
just really cool little instant cameras
that take the picture and then it prints
out the picture the Polaroids everybody
loves them they're pretty Instagram
pretty tumblr they're called
nice little thing and just good to have
it's just really really cool fun thing
to store memories with item number six
oh this is going back a bit this is
ringing on the plane obviously use it
off the plane as well moisturizer I use
facial fuel by Kiehl's might not be
everybody's favorite choice this is my
favorite choices that only moisturizer
that I use I absolutely love it this I
buy in a smaller portion will I have to
I have a bigger one for when in my home
but when I'm traveling I use this small
arm which is set I believe it's 75 ml
yes it's 75 ml which means because it's
under 100 mils you can take it on the
plane with you so I use this and then
because I always like to moisturize my
face on the plane don't really know why
I think it's because my face just feels
a bit more dry when I'm on the plane so
I always go to the toilet at some point
wash them on the plane and moisturize my
face this size you're allowed to take on
the plane and facial fuel I don't know
if it's in the men's oh it is treatment
for men Oh
most of you watching this a female 75%
of you watching this a female 25% of you
that a male try this out it's amazing
right next item this this is my daily
vlogging camera okay I absolutely love
it obviously you don't have to get this
camera specifically but having a small
camera to document your travels or your
trip or your holiday on is amazing I I
know that all of you know daily vlog but
I think nearly had to edit there I
paused I pause for a second I'm not
going to make a cut in this video and I
definitely advise you guys I need a
drink I need to drink one minute I
definitely advise you guys to buy a tiny
little compact camera and just document
your tablet I'm not saying to put it on
YouTube but just to have as a memory
like I enjoy your daily volume whether
or not it was to go on YouTube or not I
enjoy doing it so much I love filming
every day and then I can look back on it
in the future so if you have a really
cool holiday or trip or adventure or
something with your friends or your
family document it and then you can look
back on that so that is why I've got
this here I've got three items left this
run shorts in fact I'm wearing some now
comfy shorts guys always take Eevee even
if it's not for the just the airport and
the flight which I advise you to wear
comfy shorts on anyway but shorts that
comfortable is so important on holiday
you don't want to be uncomfortable or
obviously you are swimming shorts quite
a lot but like if you're walking around
the city or little village or something
like that
comfortable shorts you don't want
something like jeans or jean shorts that
just aren't as comfy you just want like
nice material like this two more items
out
the boring one first hat yo first time
no edit in a hat let's see if we can get
it all flipping there no we're gone aha
basically I put this in here now just
because it gets the Sun up your eyes and
that's important life you want to read
your book or if you want it on your
phone or texts on MIDI or Instagram a
picture whilst you're out in the Sun you
need something to block out the Sun a
little bit
you need something to like protect your
face if it's too hot a hat
don't forget hat when you go on holiday
guys so you normally I'll be doing my
hair and then just cut it out now I
can't cut it look at my hair looks like
I've got a wig on geez what was I
thinking where there's no cutting idea
last item now I haven't tried this one
out yet I'm just trusting myself that
it's going to be good okay so this
little Kevin that I showed you earlier
it's called a g7 X you don't have to
specifically get that camera I'm not
promoting it specifically it is very
good however I wanted to be able to use
it underwater because when you use a
GoPro underwater as you know GoPros are
like super wide angle so everything
warps it's like like this so I bought
this which is absolutely massive but
it's basically to use this camera
underwater and they can still press all
the buttons on the side it's kind of
like a trumpet and you can sort soom in
and do everything on it but this is
basically like waterproof housing I know
for the g7x
which i think is really really cool and
it was quite expensive I think this was
like a hundred pounds 120 pounds but it
does mean that I can use a really nice
quality camera underwater so I'm super
excited to try this at get filming
underwater and that is it does
everything is my holiday essentials or
my trip I don't know what I'm going to
call this video yet I hope you enjoyed
it if you did let me know if I forgot
anything from the video or let me know
if you have any tips or anything that I
should take although as you're watching
this is kind of a bit late I'm already
on holiday so if you comment something
important and I've forgotten it probably
noticed by now
anyways I enjoyed the video guys give it
a big old thumbs up if you did I love
you so much and I will catch you
tomorrow with a new video
what never told you guys to subscribe
subscribe if you want a it's free bye
