hello how are you doing today guys right
so I'm about to tweet saying tweet me a
funny YouTube video I'm going to try my
best to watch them without laughing
you'll see why in a week or so send okay
let's see what you guys come up with
well I'm absolutely worst at not
laughing when it comes to videos okay
this is gonna be so hard right this has
got 8 million views
Joe sugg would love this well by larger
soil I think I did well I think I did
good with that one okay let's see what
else you guys have got and a race like
that breaker I can't look
oh I literally can't hide with this
video when I first saw it I didn't know
whether to laugh or whether to gag like
is funny but war
haha I don't if that was funny or not he
neatly just got wiped out
oh my gosh they need to have a warning
oh my how would I know that was gonna
come up this is just like the best video
out there me and Marcus used to be
obsessed with this video I just love it
so much oh I literally is how much she
goes for that head but like it's not
like a little tap it's like a every time
I watch it I want to watch her reaction
afterwards but I can't because I'm
laughing so much dry no laughing oh my
god
I literally god guys I uh yeah yeah my
gosh okay come on show me but I know I'm
getting along no no nothing okay hey
don't well press play and watch it this
is my own video yeah
I'll let you on the floor in the video
carry-on wait there's still more I think
I do it it doesn't work like this
why is my favorite bitch of you ever
like that it's just thinking about your
toes like this even even though since I
hate it oh my gosh I'm just editing that
video now and I somehow forgot to end
the video I literally just get up and
turn the camera off but I've been ending
it I don't even know what was going
through my brain so I hope you enjoyed
the video sorry that it was a short one
but I hope you still enjoyed it if you
did you know what to do give it a thumbs
up and I will catch you very soon with a
new video good bye
