oh my god I'm gonna die the video isn't
even begun hey guys and welcome back to
another video another different video
that isn't a daily vlog because I'm
currently away on holiday but I free
filmed this for you so the aim of
today's video isn't to die but it is in
fact to answer your Twitter question so
I tweeted earlier on my laptop asking
you guys I was expecting it to be silver
then I forgot that occasional lifted up
and I was like what
that's not my laptop for them yeah I
asked you guys for some questions and
I've got about 10 of them to answer in
today's video so let's go who was your
main inspiration growing up now growing
up I would have loved to have one person
who inspired me and I could follow their
path and try and achieve and accomplish
things that they have achieved and there
wasn't anyone in particular I'm going to
be honest I've always looked up to
numerous different different people like
I've looked up to obviously my parents
loved bringing me up in like the way
that they did I think they brought me up
in an amazing way and I hopefully I feel
that I have really really good morals
I've always looked up to people like
Richard Branson who after reading part
of his biography I still haven't
finished it I need to get back to
finishing it um I thought he what he's
done is really really awesome nice and
some cool things for example how Virgin
Airlines started and I'm pretty sure
this is what I've read anyway in his
biography so he was in the airport
really sorry sir is what he's been told
your planes canceled you're not gonna
get there till tomorrow he is oh I need
to get there today so he goes and rents
a plane as she do casually and he goes
up to everybody else in the queue he's
also disappointed that they're not gonna
make their flight and he's like hey I've
got a plane that I've just rented if you
want you can jump on that one I'll sell
you a ticket so you literally sold out
this plane flew there every orders a
hidden flight he Wendy's like paid for
pilots as well and like this is
literally a true story flew there and
then everybody on the other side was
like that was amazing thank you so much
as the best thing we've got their time
and he was like why don't I just make an
airline like this worked
so he made Virgin Airlines that is that
is so nice but I think that's really
really cool I've looked up to her
looks up to growing up I don't really
know that it wasn't anyone in particular
I suppose I had done so many different
hobbies and different things throughout
my life like I love like I get obsessed
with things like yo-yos Diablos magic
tricks filming videos I suppose yeah I
look up to a lot of youtubers Rubik's
cubes maths I just love the subject
maths and science so within each of
those fields I'm guessing there was
somebody different that I looked up to
skateboard in for example anyways I'm
gonna stop rambling that was only one
question okay question number two what
are my motivations now I don't really
have any like I don't know motivations
for me is a bit of a weird one because I
I'm OH - Veit myself I wouldn't like
something else to motivate me I want to
be able to be much self-motivated so
that I want to do it not just feel that
I have to do it because something else
isn't motivating me if that makes sense
so for example daily vlogging I told
myself that I want to upload seven
videos a week on this channel and like
now I'm filming a video when I said I've
guys really sorry I'm not daily vlogging
but I'm still uploading a video for you
to have which shows how self-motivated I
am to do what I want to achieve so what
I do to make motivate myself is I set
really long term goals like 12 month
goals and I also set small ones
obviously like monthly and stuff like
that and I do everything I possibly can
to achieve those goals so I think that I
I would like to say that it self
motivate myself nothing else really
motivates me a set from my goals that
I've set myself I don't have to answer
such a question if you ever thought
Jen's on the extraordinary that could
possibly change someone's life or the
world what would you do now changing the
world is a bit too extravagant like
obviously that would be like massive
goals like that would be incredible to
be able to change something like poverty
or something like that
but I'm not gonna throw out some ideas
that I'm gonna change the world because
that that could be ridiculous I mean
that would be awesome and there there
are goals that could do that but anyways
how to change somebody's life now what
we've never really done on this channel
here is do something massive for charity
something that involves you guys and I'm
going
be honest now and open up and tell you
guys something that I don't often really
like I've never spoken I don't think
I've ever told you guys ever before and
that is that quite often like at the
moment maybe like once a week or once
every two weeks I'm meeting up with
people that watch my videos you guys
you're probably watching this now some
of the people that I've met with hey if
I have who are going through extremely
tough times and quite often that is
terminal illnesses and that is honestly
one of the best things that I've ever
got out of YouTube is being able to meet
people who are going through extremely
tough times in their life and if I could
even make like just the time that I'm
with them better then this whole YouTube
thing is worth it like I I never tell
you guys that I do it or I never tweet
that I'm with people or I never film
them in my daily vlogs and quite often
you'll see me like if you look back on
my vlogs I'll say Oh guys I'm going to a
meeting now I'm gonna meet a friend and
I never ever film what I actually do and
that is probably because I'm meeting up
with somebody or I'm taking somebody out
for dinner or for lunch or when I'm in
New York I go out for lunch with people
who have been flown over to see me from
Make A Wish Foundation and I do all of
this behind the scenes because I feel it
I don't want it to ever be something
that you guys think I'm doing purely for
the cameras so that is why I've never
told you that idea before and again
after I say this I will probably never
mention again I just wanted to say it
due to this question and I'm not saying
that that's the thing that I want to do
to change somebody's life is to go and
meet them because that that is the very
least I could ever do to say thank you
to somebody that watches my videos is
give my time back to go and meet them
and that is what I'm doing the best I
possibly can and what I want to do here
on this channel that's really gonna
affect somebody and change their life is
I want to do like a charity project
that's something within our community
like the family in the gang that we've
built the pointless gang I want to do
something that's going to help you guys
out who are going through tough times so
for example the other day I met with
somebody who was terminally ill and
absolutely amazing who gal and she was
talking to me about the hospital that
she's in every single day when she's
going through
the stuff that she's going through and
she was saying how the hospital wasn't
the best quality that they could have
hoped for and that it didn't have Wi-Fi
connection so she couldn't even speak to
her friends like it was crazy like she
couldn't even speak to her friends
because there wasn't any internet and
here's me moaning like I don't know my
videos late what is going on so I want
to do some cool projects that's gonna
help out some people without what to my
videos that you guys are inspired and
involved and we can do something really
fun and I can give you guys some like
crazy incentives to donate and we can
try and do something that I haven't
thought of it yeah I don't know what I'm
gonna do but I want to do something that
will feed back to helping the community
that we've created and if there's
anything in particular then let me know
by emailing me this question has gotten
extremely extremely long and big I don't
know if I've just rambled or whether
I've said something that actually makes
sense what are your thoughts on the hash
tag bring youtubers to Manila now I have
seen this hash tag everywhere like
literally everywhere it is trending like
almost every single day which is just
crazy and all I'm saying is that I'm
doing everything I possibly can right
now to free up some time
sort out like a venue and all stuff like
that I want to get my buck to Manila
basically but I want to do it safely and
I want to do it well because I know that
there was a lot of you guys who are
super super keen out there and you
really really want to meet me so I'm
gonna try and do everything I can to
plan so when I get there it's safe
that's the main thing I want you guys to
have a good experience not just like
Koran Hmong scramble in a street with me
in the middle crushed I want to have
something something cool that we can do
like an event or Sunday I'm trying to
sort it out it takes longer than what
you think it takes to sort out in Manila
I am trying to come to you when you
announce in your book tour dates for
Island I don't know if I'm allowed to
announce this yet by the time is this
videos out I may be allowed to announce
it but I would tweet I will Facebook or
Instagram or snapchat or everything and
tell you the dates when I'm coming to
Ireland to do my point
to sign in when you are stressed where
do you go now you may not see it in
videos but I do actually get quite
stressed sometimes not like extremely
like crazy and I'm like out in the
street punching like signs and cars and
stuff like that like that's not even
stressed that's just angry I I do
sometimes get stressed and it's mainly
is about YouTube videos like if my
videos go up late or I haven't had
enough time to make a video like for
example right now right now as you're
watching this I meant to be uploading a
video 45 minutes a main Channel video I
tried to film it for 4 hours today and
then it just didn't work out and I I
finally got it work in and then snapchat
crashed or I couldn't download your
videos from snapchat and like that
annoyed me so instead of just getting
stressed about the situation and
thinking I didn't upload a video today
which is what I would normally think
when I'm stressed I'm like calm down
we'll film some other videos instead so
that is what I've done but when I'm
stressed the not with the place that I
normally go is just by myself I like to
distance myself when I'm stressed from
everybody else just in case I
accidentally take it out on them which
has happened in the past like sometimes
I'll be really stressed and Zoe will be
like how people do 150 now normalize
owee
don't talk to me now and then I'm like
why did I say it like that she was only
asking what what we're doing for dinner
and then I'm sorry Zoe
I didn't mean to I'm just not in a good
mood so what I try and do is I just
distance myself from everybody else
around me so that I can cool down and
then I can I can go back and chat with
everybody and hang out in a better mood
does that sound good that is that is
that a good thing to do or is that just
me when are you planning on getting your
driver's license I need to get my
driver's license so badly so if you
didn't know the last time I had lessons
was in November I've had nine hours of
driving lessons when I was driving back
you know and nine hours isn't even very
many but because I had a vest but for
three years my driving instructor that I
was using was like you're ready for your
test you're ready to go all we need to
do is book yet and you need to do your
theory
now I booked my theory and then I went
out on a night out before my
theory test and I woke up the next
morning really late and I was really
tired you know I don't I don't want to
go to my theory desk so I never bothered
telling up stupid I know and then with
my driving test I've just haven't had
enough time to book it again and again
and again and again and then it got too
far away and as I should do some more
lessons before my driving test and then
I was like oh I don't have enough time
for lesson so I combat my driving test
and basically it is now June my last
lesson was in something like November or
like January or something ridiculously
far away so I can't go straight into my
test now without having a couple more
lessons but at the moment because I've
been traveling in America and we're
looking after Naya and stuff and working
on videos and working on big secret
projects and stuff I don't have enough
time to book lessons so what I think I'm
going to do is my main priority when I
get back from holiday is to book like a
chunk like five days and just do driver
lessons for five days because I bought a
car back in November of what little
black polo car outside you guys have
seen it means are we driving it or I
sent me and Zoey I don't know he drives
in it all the time I bought that car and
I've never driven it I bought a bloomin
car that cost me a lot of money and I've
never ever had the chance to drive it
absolutely ridiculous anyway it's I know
I know I know I need to pass my driving
test I want to pass it more than anyone
probably not more than Zoey so he wants
me to pass it so much because she has to
drive everywhere but I want to be able
to drive so about like today I went into
town with my friend breakfast I did get
a taxi into town literally attacks you
when I could have jumped in the car and
driven but anyways anyways we all know I
need to pass my driving test
I know anyways thank you so much for
watching this video I'm sure it ended up
being a lot longer than what I aim dit
to be I thought this was going to be a
quick 2 minute Q&A but I think I rambled
on quite a few questions
thank you so much for watching guys if
you enjoyed it then give the video a
thumbs up if any other questions helped
you out at all then I'm super super
happy whether like the stress one did or
motivation or anything like that set
yourself some goals that is the one
thing that I say I think helps so much
if you're trying to get something done
in the long run or the short run or if
you want something to be your job set
as your goal and do everything you can
along the way to make that possible yeah
I will see you very soon in a new video
thank you so much watching this one I
love you so much
good bye
