hey guys so this is different I'm like
sitting down and everything on a proper
big camera I'm not daily vlogging
basically I'm in Greece at the moment
with Zoe
papi Sean my mom and my dad were on a
family holiday but I still wanted you
guys to have some videos to watch whilst
I'm away because I'm not daily vlogging
so for this little video I tweeted
asking you guys to send me the best
sexiest most attractive beautiful photos
of myself and this is what you sent me
again this picture has a lot of
explaining to do behind it basically
whilst daily vlog in like me and I we
went to the park to take Nala for a walk
and and that they have these like
machines there that are like Fitness
love fitness I can't even speak I'm
getting so excited about this story
Fitness machines like working out
machines they've got like run in ones
like this which is in the picture
they've got a leg ones really like push
it's basically like a gym but in the
park I went on one of the machines I
didn't even realize though it was
filming me at first and it's like this
let's stretch it out your legs and your
arms but my legs are so long that it
just looks absolutely ridiculous in this
picture and you guys were crazy about
this picture when the vlog went up this
picture was everywhere like the amount
of edits with it was so funny I don't
even I don't even know what to say about
this run just look at me just look at my
head my head is like a spherical as you
get like the top of my head is literally
like a ball why did I ever think my hair
look good like that with no texture look
at me no texture at all and that was I
just realized my face is like this and
that was my display picture that was my
display picture at one point oh my gosh
this edit I see everywhere the amount of
you guys that tweet me your backgrounds
as this on your phone you show me that
your bone background is this is
ridiculous
I don't understand it and I think it's
like when the new Calvin Klein like
thing launched and Justin Bieber's on
Calvin Klein somebody thought I'd be
good to put me on Calvin Klein a bit
instead instead of put in a good picture
of my face or like a normal one
they chose to put one where I'm like
this instead I mean I wish my body was
like that and another bit Joey my way
I'm doing the same face I'm doing this
why why do I do that
what I'm never ever get it I just
realized I just did that a second ago
when we talk about being creepy there is
only one photo that comes to mind and
that is this one here it is the
creepiest photo of me basically Zoey
left her camera filming I think this is
how it worked anyway
Zoey was filming like a daily vlog and
she left her camera was recording her
and isla so I went up to the camera and
as Ike afterwards and this picture again
is everywhere unfortunately all over the
Internet and I just look so scary I look
so scary this is the kind of thing that
you don't want under your bed like you
if it was pitch black at night and
you're ever like what was that noise
looked under your bed and you saw this I
don't know I don't know what I would do
I would literally would we my pants I
just hanging out baby unfortunally
they've got Naomi up Naomi was doing the
same thing as me but next to me but of
course everyone likes make out that I'm
away not even make out I am a weirdo
everyone has to show how weird I am so
they've cropped out know me and it's
just me doing it I wasn't alone guys I
wasn't the only one and lastly of course
it has to be this one doesn't it it
wouldn't be any other picture a set from
this one I knew this was going to be in
here I asked for nice pictures guys and
you send me the worst what I should have
known I should have known better
why did I ever think why why why did I
not even think about doing it why did I
then do it and upload it online
I got sex-bomb cup in my hand a sex bomb
cup and I'm not laying on my kitchen
floor like this why what I don't get it
although the only good thing about this
picture is Todd Todd is my old family
cat he passed away unfortunately a
couple years ago and he was the best cat
in the world he was everyone called him
the tiger he was like without his tail
like not including his hell he was
literally like this long he was so big
and so fluffy and I loved
so much but unfortunately passed away a
couple years ago I miss him so much but
that picture doesn't do them justice he
shouldn't have been in it he's too cool
to be in a sex bomb laying on the
kitchen floor photo that is it that is
it for this video I know it was a little
short one a little bit different from
usual but I hope you did enjoy it
nevertheless if you're glad that I'm
still uploading some videos you guys
wash them away on holiday you not to do
hit that thumbs up button down below I'm
going to try and do a couple more videos
I may not have one for you every single
day because I don't really have enough
time to film seven videos but whilst I'm
away for the next seven days but I'm
sure that you understand that I'm not
going to be daily vlogging boss from a
holiday of my family I'll be back as
soon as I get back my holiday I will be
back to daily vlogging I assure you
thanks again for watching guys I love
you so much and I will catch you soon
good bye
