good morning guys how are you doing
Nullah how are you so you see I've just
been sitting on the sofa literally
exporting now I'm gonna try and show you
without showing you what the video is
this here is money video that I'm just
exporting for my main channel for on
Sunday the entire time I've been
internet this one here has literally
been doing this then what you do in
she's just been trying to make me play
of a toy about the entire time and I see
I've been Epogen I'm Timothy and Zoe has
been doing lots of jobs been cleaning
their excuse me no no that's not a toy
that so his trapper says why do you live
like Peter Pan I think this would look
nice if another crop top but I just
threw this on there cool I like them did
you like that I did the dishwasher and
tidied the table and into the washing
last night well whilst yours hey this is
a competition this isn't a competition
but they tidied the house you guys
throat tidied the entire house in there
okay well I tidy the house as well deck
site I did the table you haven't tidied
the house no my office is still messy
nothing the house oh my videos finish
export in that's good right I'm gonna
upload it scheduled and I basically just
did a boxer's wash like literally just
all pants just think as you're wondering
the time is 9 minutes 51 in the morning
I woke up at about 20 past eight today
and we've also gone to let electrician
over there somewhere
outside fixing our light we've got a
light in the downstairs bathroom that's
playing up right we realized that we've
got no cash to pay this electrician so
I'm gonna have to quit your nip out and
I've got like a long walk to get to a
cash machine from here so I might even
take my
scooter I literally haven't used my
scooter since I was like I don't even
know properly the last one is my scooter
when I lived in a separate flat - Zoe
knows - scooter between our flats I
don't even know where it is is it in the
shed yeah it might even be interest in
there I couldn't find the scoot in the
end so I ended up skateboarding which
was cool because remember me and Marcus
bought those skateboards together and we
start to know that what are you running
in circles oh that's our favorite Zoe
just did an online food shop for our
friends that are staying here to look
after Nala and Pippen and Percy let's
look at these guys usually you guys
don't see enough of these look now it's
your friends no not these people the
guineas Percy why you hiding back there
look at last night at like 12:00 a.m.
when I was in the dishwasher and stuff
these two were playing hide-and-seek or
like tag they running crazy around
they're like absolutely not but anyway
as always just on a food shop our
friends that stay looking after these
three and she is ordered the most food
for them to keep them happy by him you
can't have this in your mouth and then
be like okay
exactly no yeah they didn't ask for food
look at this section that is insane oh
my gosh this is my favorite damn it
almond butter oh man these as well
you've ordered the best food for them in
the world so you're gonna be having fun
aren't you whilst we're on holiday
you're gonna be playing with your
friends aren't you aren't you Missy hey
what are you sniffing wait you sniff it
right I've really should go and get a
shower because I'm a sweaty and as gross
as you can possibly get and I've just
done the bins which makes me probably
smelly as well and then we've got to be
picking up my sister that half past also
on mail time without thee or whatever we
go the said
and guys come up with something called
in fancy in the description when I open
packages our package time without that
sounds a little bit rude actually this
arrived this morning from Aspen or
London which is a brand they said to me
do you want a free bag pick it on our
website and we'll send it to you and I
was like okay I didn't have to film it
is I'm not going paid to say this they
literally just asked me if only the free
bag and this one this morning and I love
their it's so nice
I think it's really really cool so thank
you very much Aspen over London NOLA you
having a fight with the dog next door
what have I told you about this be the
bigger dog well technically you're the
smaller dog don't retaliate haha she
genuinely looks sad and just as I say
what should we call this mail time thing
and I didn't unbox my bag in front of
you even though I should off I get a
parcel arrived at the door now I know
what it is
can you in the comments also I know I've
got Zoe's socks on to only fit like
halfway up my foot I just left them like
that
can you guys guess in the comments what
this is now I've got to my phone with a
knife or something I guess it works
right so I'll explain first provide open
app on YouTube this week a couple of
youtubers that I'm sure more people have
done it but the two tubes that I know
that I've done it have been Roman Atwood
I love his daily vlogs you guys know
that and then Jonathan's gonna Jody's
just on a video on that so I was like
right I want to get involved I want to
do one of these and it's only going to
be a one-off if I can do it it
apparently is really really hard to do
so I bought this camera here which is a
360 degree camera basically when you're
law you guys have seen it if you haven't
go check out Jonathan's video or Roman
app this video basically you hold it and
instead of seeing just me here you can
see around the whole room up and down as
well it's crazy I don't know how it does
there I think has a lens on each side
which is 180 degrees so it basically
films everything so when you're watching
on like an iPad or something like that
or like a phone
if you tilt your device like that it
spins around the room so now I could be
vlogging and you could be looking at the
other the other side of the room to me
or you could be like if I was in the
kitchen vlogging you could be watching
Zoe on the sofa whilst listening to me I
don't it's hard to explain you'd have to
go and check out their videos let me
know if you're excited for that well let
me know if you have any creative shots
that you would like me to shoot with
this let me know if there's anything in
particular I think having lunch is still
quite cool one like if I was on holiday
and I put it on the light and moved by
the beach having lunch and I put it down
and I filmed like everybody around us
having lunch I think that'd be really
really cool
yeah right I need to get a shower oh and
we're back to the breakfast club we've
got all our jobs done and we'll pop in
Sean please wait to be seated but to let
you guys know probably wants to thank
what did you remember her name I think
it was bad Neil is the first person was
it Daniel maybe the first person to the
goodman book signing in New York gave up
be a ton of presents for her birthday
it's sweet wasn't it I mean and they
gave her this and it has her birthstone
in it which is so cute so thank you so
much she loves it since we completely
forgot every time I see poppy chief or
not remind me to thank your blog thanks
again your blogs they're crazy and
everything
yes one behind you as well
oh one weird
Oh pumpkin yeah I did I meant to say
pineapple in the wall pumpkin no the
wrong way came out of my mouth thank you
yo that looks delicious sorry about how
happy you you got even see you at
anything shots because the lighting
behind you
yo good sandwich okay halloumi burrito
gold.when and lumia met a bunch which
was delicious and we're just doing some
shopping
I just bought a couple of pairs of
flip-flops for tomorrow and not that
jacket that's just the jacket I was
wearing worse did I buy some shorts some
swimming shorts and now we're trying to
find Fanning my dad bought some swimming
shorts he's probably not let me happen
putting this in the video it was so
sweet she wasn't my mother's like they
are way too short
there's obviously now the new fashion
like everyone wears shorts they're like
above the knee
I think his are like here and there's a
50 year old man so I don't think it I
don't think it looks the best on him so
yeah and then like the bride is too
garish it orange you can get so we've
come come to getting some news from
shorts
that's the envelope profit dad sure if
we don't it'll too much like a dad
they're like nearly trousers they're so
long
so you just stop for a little coffee
we've carried on truckin I don't want
Isis I've locked what a
generation film that got some in my eye
can you see it in my fireball since your
last film I don't know what we want for
a boy here I saw em there's been a you
know amazing film he uploaded it on his
second channel the other day or him
playing with kinetic sound and it just
good funny oh thank you so much champion
so I kind of bought some I don't if it's
going to be good I don't I'm sure I'm
just that we're going to see later today
that's what we're going to see that
looks like The Sims but so I bought that
so thanks feel for the recommendation
and then now we've just stopped for
cheeky little iced latte which looks
this looks good and then Sean said to
get some pecan is it called pecan pie
yeah is it good yes we only got one
piece because we're trying to be healthy
and I want to feel good on holiday feel
energized so you got one piece for two
forks for that shot that guy's looking
that's good like toffee or just fat
everywhere just editing today's daily
vlog and I've got my little editing
buddy down here I'm gonna miss you so
much you don't realize that we're going
away but I'm gonna miss you so much when
we go away
you enjoying your little cooking aren't
you are you no no
who's that ah she's more interested in
the TV no they're not real come back to
look after your baby your baby mother
who's this what stiffing Claire when
there's a dog off my gosh I have no idea
the last clip I filmed I've been packing
for like two hours now also my hair is
just clip back because every time I bent
down to pick up a t-shirt my friends
would fall in my face so I just probably
look really really hot right now and
this is the aftermath of packing and
then this is what I'm taking full of
clothes full of like tech and shoes and
they've also got a couple of cheeky
protein shakes in case you out what the
hell is that sound he is taking then
I've got I don't know because we're
flying like such a short flights like I
know you know like three or four hours
or something like that and I'm used to
like nine hour flight kind of things so
normally I take a camera bag a hand
luggage in my laptop and sup and then my
bag I don't know if I'm allowed to suit
to hand luggages on this plane so I may
have to pay extra to get it on I mean
hopefully they have the option magic
though does that know so you can't get
it on all right guys
a bit of a weird end into the clock
today because I just cut from packing my
bags to being in bed I'm currently and
my mom and dad's looks like I'm on a
sofa I'm on a sofa bed and just about to
edit this vlog now this one that you're
literally watching and then upload it
scheduled for tomorrow
because I fly super early tonight to go
on holiday so sorry that the Volk was a
bit disheveled today and mixed up
actually understand it because I was
packing and making sure the videos
already in everything I'm so excited to
go away and just relax I've literally
been non-stop working white looking at
me you're like this so much Louis yay
yeah right I catch you over since I'll
catch you tomorrow but I won you'll
still have a video tomorrow I'll catch
you next week
well why don't you tell people to follow
your Instagram because you'll be better
so I said how did you yeah but big my to
think alike mine
I've already said in today's video I
said follow me you probably in Sean yeah
go do that guys look at this bit of hair
I need to get it up look at it oh yeah
anyways I enjoyed the videos that I've
made for you show them lots of support
please because they've taken be so blue
big good to make I don't want be
automatic weird yeah I'll catch you next
week Oh bye
