good morning guys it is ten minutes to
nine we've got ten minutes to get to the
vets Nala you are so excited you're
smiling you're like moaning hey come on
let's go to the vet show your mother on
stairs okay where does she little bit
she thinks we're going to the park
thanks for going okay we're not going on
you're about to get your arse squeezed
my love oh great start to the morning
good morning are squeezing whatever you
want car keys yeah door case yeah let's
go guys today I'm going to be trying the
lungworm challenge trying to do it with
me why not all about the Paula Newton
challenge no no that isn't it back when
I used to live my flat by myself I used
to have a little segment in my daily
vlogs quite often called parcel time and
I kind of want to bring it back because
I'm ordering at the moment quite a lot
of things so I'm getting a lot of
parcels yesterday you saw I got this guy
the Apple watch today we've got a parcel
OMAP was just dinged ah Zoey adding
something to her calendar right so this
just arrived today I want you to comment
down below now guessing what you think
it is now realistically you know it's
going to be some kind of gadget or tech
or something because that's just me so
whilst I open it comment down below what
you think it is
after moaning for five million years
well I hope it's here here we go
after moaning for five hundred years
that this come here this one that I'm
using right now is broken and the lens
doesn't open like you know sometimes
from the film it has these little like
black bars I don't know how to another
notification little black bars and I
don't know how to stop it
basically the lens doesn't open all the
way on this camera sometimes so I
ordered a new one
finally after complaining in these vlogs
for like nine years got a new vlogging
camera I then also ordered this which I
am so excited about now I might try and
get some holiday footage with it and I'm
not going to promise you because I don't
really want to film on the family
holiday that's why I've chosen not to
daily vlog because I just want to enjoy
it family holiday and not have to think
oh I need to film that on it on this but
I ordered this and this kind of changes
everything so basically what is in here
oh my gosh it's so big oh man look at it
right so it is for a g7 X which is this
camera right here my new one or the same
one I'm using right now this vlogging
camera it's a waterproof housing so I
can fully use my vlogging camera whilst
underwater look how awesome that it's
got all the buttons that you press and
everything oh my god it's even got a mic
thing for the microphone on the top I
can't use a microphone underwater but
anyways I just built it was awesome and
it wasn't actually too expensive
normally they're like a thousand pounds
nothing this one was like a hundred and
something pounds so I bought it just cuz
I thought we could film some stuff in my
family holiday underwater so I may maybe
upload like a little bit of test footage
or a little bit of something and on this
channel once time away or maybe after on
the way show you guys some clips of it
just using this and then if it is cool
and it does work really well because I
know I can use a GoPro under new
notification
what's that message from Sean I can't
wait to go on holiday and was it going
to say what was it going to say yeah I
know that I can't just use a GoPro to
film underwater but GoPros are like
really wide angle and really warped as
you know that it's like my other color
you know that other camera that
sometimes vlog with you guys say that
it's like I'm in a fish bowl and GoPros
are like extremely like that rather than
this here and this vlogging camera with
waterproof housing will look completely
normal look like this now but underwater
so I think that's going to be cool I
bought that to try out new camera what
else did I buy two memory cards to 64
gigabyte memory cards new ones oh
there's the other one and then here oh
yeah I just thought this looked really
cool let me show you what it is so this
is a really nice little leather pouch to
hold a g7x which again is this camera
that I'm filming on right now so whilst
I'm away I don't have to come
in my pocket the whole time I can just
pop it in this little then and then it
has like a little leather strap that
comes around my neck I just saw that
looked really like tumblr tumblr II like
Tumblr the website I'm really cool just
looks very nice doesn't that I've just
text my mom and said mom I've literally
just filmed and edited like three videos
in a row my brain is going to explode
can we go for lunch together so I'm
going to jump in a taxi and go over to
hers and then we're going to go out for
lunch together which will be nice
I'm also exported today's daily vlog it
is 29 percent done so hopefully that
will be finished by the time I come back
and one last little thing just before I
go out is I advised you now you don't
have to it's completely up to you if I
were you I would go follow myself papi
Shawn and Zoe that's I should have just
don't follow that myself
sure now I'm swearing at you myself
Shawn papi and Zoe on Instagram I will
leave all of ours down below finish up
having lunch which was delicious and
I've also got Zoe's and lunch now we're
gonna get nyla some treats
I've just finished editing and uploading
two videos for you one is of course my
daily vlog and the other one is my main
channel video that should have went live
this weekend and then I crazy issues of
snapchat you guys know you know you know
I will leave a link down below to both
the videos one will say new video and
that is my main channel or mumbles a
previous blog or previous daily vlog or
something and that of course is my
previous stating vlog my previous daily
vlog is quite a lot about my new Apple
watch which I'm going to give you an
update on right now because I said to
you in the video I'll let you know as
time goes on whether I like or not I was
just speaking to KC who gave me the
watch of course I paid him back for it
guys and he asked me whether I liked or
not
and my answer I'll read it out let me
could he get up my DMS on Twitter my
answer to him was so far I think it's
pretty cool as long as you see it as a
watch and only as a watch it does the
job every other watch does its a watch
at the end of the day guys it tells the
time can you see tell us the time it's a
watch but then it also has a few extras
eg Fitness notifications like my
calendar and my text so it's the same as
any other watch of mine that I wear but
as a few cool extra things added that's
how I see it what do you think but it's
a watch and it can do a good
a couple of called extra things so it's
fact oh I got two minutes till these
videos need to go live my new videos are
up and I've just had a shower ready to
film some more videos I have got one two
three more videos three more videos to
film edit and upload and then I'm done
and then you guys will have one every
single day whilst I'm away that is the
aim of got one on film with Zoey for
this channel another one I filmed by
myself for this channel and then another
one for my main YouTube channel Zoey is
currently filming a video now in the
other room actually I should be a bit
more quiet because she's filming a new
video and then we're going to knit two
pets at home and quickly grab some
sawdust is there or ever stuffed the
guinea pigs use then we're going to
clean the guinea pigs and then we're
going to film my three videos I think
they're looking definitely smell some
other dogs in here guys she is going
crazy
alright Nala another what can you smell
Boise bark it up we should see the go
around look what's over there guys look
at this go right along to it are you
allowed yeah look at this this is in
home guys it is a new Nando's look
Nando's hope are they're recruiting now
shall I get a job just so I can eat
unlimited Nando's look at it that is so
cool because it to me is that we can nip
in the car and it's even closer than the
one in town
okay I'm gonna have to miss on the t8
Magana drive-through burger king I mean
I know I know I'm trying to be healthy
at the moment you can fries chicken
fries they
that is what I want in my stomach right
now do you want that in your stomach
right now
do you now I don't normally talk
negatively about companies but Burger
King what are you doing
number one I had one of your chicken
fries actually three of them and they're
like so expensive so I was like they're
obviously going to be big and really
impressive if this literally the size of
a fry and it is like chicken fry to fare
you do like them if I like the taste of
it but they're like so cold and like
they're chewy but it tastes like it's
just been sat in a cold deep fryer for
14 hours number one then we're like okay
we'll just play off that's that one of
their new things that you can find maybe
it's not the back described is right
that a hundred percent is not sprite
that is not described no way I know a
sprite
I'm the biggest sprite addict if ever
there was one always goes the same
bracket we always go to the same bad
thing and it's rubbish every time it
just tastes like fizzy water and they've
stuck and I can only lime in it or
something I don't know
and then what okay the one thing we do
know that is delicious
is the chicken tender crisp that is
always amazing look how much mayonnaise
they're just so tender Chris I've never
seen a house on the beach it's all on
the top and on the top on a there Oh
burger bun is really stale a bun stale
oh that's just so good
yes Burger King thank you so much your
delicious Burger King what's going to
say oh wait only thing that's slightly
good is the chips are good but they met
whether you're skinny and covering salt
knowledge yeah I just prefer salty chips
so we shouldn't say we don't let your
drinks I don't like your chicken fries
no right drawing cold and your burgers I
mean there's more mayor than there is
chicken in that I think that's probably
the least appetizing thing I've ever
ever seen ever seen in my life and then
or even cheap
that's right $6.99 meal or something
I could have just had the great with the
chicken and scraped off the mayor visit
it women used to shovel to get off the
Mayo yeah quite delicious oh well we
just watching PewDiePie's new video he
has a video series called five weird
stuff online or five weird things online
I love it it's really really funny and
you guys have just been tweeting me
about it so I'm gonna watch it Zoe have
you seen it yet all right here we go a
lot of a lot of outfits in this episode
oh it's a selfie shirt
it's the ship name of zoella and Alfie
and you can buy it if you ship them you
obviously need to wear the shirt on my
my titties and nice hahaha so whatever
happened to this Chad Oh guys that is
not our fishel merchandise someone is
just selling a selfie t-shirt on life
that's so funny
oh my gosh Larry's finally having a go
finally I asked her to go on this look
at this bit of hair it's one bit just
annoys me every single day Phil mr.
hairdresser man if you're watching this
this bit we need to sort out once I'm
back from holiday please hold my hand no
I'm not gonna get on it if you don't let
me hold your hand
okay okay no please get on it it's
really fast today today is fast let me
hold you proper look then if you fall
this can hit into my hand cause you've
got it finally I said let me set the
camera up No
okay I'll be I'm gonna put it here in
this cupboard hurry up trying to get the
perfect angle whoa
your camera looks really like misty no I
got a new one today go forward come back
there forwards
come backwards we'll get now come
forwards
oh I'm here just about yay wah
you're pretending to scare yourself
right now come on now come in a straight
line to me buster now I'm done it is now
time to film my new videos so he's
filmed hers you're done for the holiday
yeah you just need to edit and upload
one video I've got to film and edit
three more videos before we go away
I've done it guys I managed to film all
three of my new videos now that if I've
calculated correctly on every turn this
light off should mean that you guys have
got a new video every single day while
some away I think it misses like no it
doesn't miss any returning is light off
all I've got to do now is edit three of
the videos and upload them scheduled
that other for edited and uploaded as
scheduled as well I think I've
calculated right there maybe seven
between both my channels and there could
be one missing on this channel and one
on my main channel instead but I don't
know there's going to be a ton of videos
for you one minute
turn that off whilst I'm away so I am so
relieved
alright guys I'm going to end my vlog in
here
because I don't want to wake the Soviet
she is fast asleep I just finished doing
the dishwasher hanging up all the
washing ready
holiday and worse by done well so they
empty the dishwasher it did not load
another video and basically a set for my
main channel video for next weekend
which I've already filmed I haven't had
yet set from that video I am completely
ready so I'm going to get to bed now
write a list of things that I need to
take with me on holiday so I don't
forget anything we've got all of
tomorrow to edit and upload my main
channel video and then also pack that is
it that's what I've got it in so this I
think this is the most ready I've ever
been for a holiday I'm so excited oh my
gosh I work so hard on getting with
these videos ready for you guys and I'm
so happy that there dance that you guys
don't miss our content just because I go
on holiday right I'm going to end up
well guys thank you so much for watching
to this video as usual I hope you
enjoyed it I hope they're I don't even
know I'm saying I'm just so delirious
I'm so tired and I've been looking at
screen for so long today I'll catch you
tomorrow
well let me so much good night
