good morning guys
oh and if unless you're walking in so
he's not happy with me because she's
been trying to wake me up for the past
two hours ever failing of failing of
failing to get up 11 p.m. tonight and
I'm not joking I really did everything
finished I don't have a bedtime you've
been so good recently and you've been
like oh my god I get so much more done
in a day when I wake No okay guys I'm
going to be honest with you
the time is 950 and I usually wake up at
like between eight and a half eh
I think it's because I filmed four
videos yesterday to go up why swear in
Greece as well as try to edit them in
bed last night until really late so
maybe I shouldn't have stayed up so late
editor I don't know right we've
literally got a conference called that
we have to be in for most of today that
starts in 9 minutes so I need to get in
the shower I don't have to be anywhere I
have to be is it kept 30 okay guys I got
40 minutes oh she is jump in the shower
and eat some food
yes also I've got a really really
exciting parcel I think is it the right
parcel I've got a parcel waiting for me
downstairs that just came today that I
am so excited about I know that didn't
even get me out of bed I'm so tired
okay I need to get up this is my current
wardrobe guys it is literally I haven't
even unpacked that's all my dirty
clothes from New York
I haven't even unpacked New York yeah
hello Missy yeah see me yeah this
morning coming any let's go some fun so
I am old dress and downstairs now we're
gonna put on a hat because my hair
is an absolute mess today I didn't have
a chance to dry it
I've got been a conference call which is
basically means multiple people in a
cool actually then we just could never
spin on this before I jump in the call
bid basically means what however it
basically means multiple people in a
call will at once to sort something out
so we are all all Amity fest numbers are
going to be in a or in a conference call
like most of today I think it's starting
to half-past ten and ending it like 6:00
p.m. or something like that and to sort
out a motif s stuff and see what
exciting things we can we can plan
together for you guys to enjoy also guys
most super exciting package arrived
today and I kind of can't wait to open
it I just I just want to open it and get
it done now let me quickly let me get a
knife let me get this one here we go
guys can you tell what it is yet
look at that yes you know in Austin New
York the other day I met up with a guy
called Katie nice staff so me and him
were in his office two people that he
works with were wearing Apple watches
and we were both like oh my gosh I want
one so bad but they're so expensive I
don't know ever to order one I don't
know what size to get what color to get
it takes two weeks to arrive even if I
do order it now he went and headed
ordered to he wanted one male and one
female to see which one he liked more I
liked the female one more and I wanted a
female it's not actually females just
smaller size and he liked the bigger
size and he bought one of each and then
messaged me the next like literally two
days later saying hey Alfie I was
sending you an Apple watch and I was at
what I was like bro they take two extra
arrived you want to send me one he's our
I ordered two cuz I didn't know what
size to get he liked the bigger size I
like the smaller size so I think he sent
me as you can see - Alfie pot Casey
he ascended me the smaller Apple watch
that I wanted there we go
look how crazy that is with a black
leather strap all brand-new not opened
thank you so much Casey I haven't even
had a chance to like turn it on and do
anything and I've got to leave it there
right this is going to be the most
annoying thing in the world because I've
got to get in this conference call now
I'm seven minutes late and I've got to
just leave this here hmm I want to use
it so much I want to put it on oh my
gosh right you stay there right I'm
finally off the phone guys and now it is
time also I forgot to put my hair up
like this you guys don't like it when I
do this I just threw it back putting
like a little clip just so that it's not
in the way of my face and it is now time
to look at this I'm kind of nervous
about this guy's I don't know why I just
got such high expectations for it to be
good all this bit makes me nervous you
look at that
okay I don't even had to turn on and
guess I just push one of these buttons
there we go oh my gosh I'm so excited I
like the strap is out Katie chose a good
one okay right let's go sit down in here
and see what this watch is about Oh what
language I'm gonna have to pop you guys
up here and have you like this just so
that you can see what is also happening
I'll go through it with you
English open Apple watch app on your
iPhone and start pairing okay one minute
let me get my iPhone out Apple watch
start pairing stop oh that's cool no way
no way that's so cool agree agree I
never read any of that stuff I probably
should do I want a passcode on my watch
I don't feel I need a password on my
watch because surely nobody like if I
lost my phone and somebody knew my
password then that's bad I can't lose my
watch because it's on my wrist um no I
won't I might add it later install all I
don't quite know how to use it yeah I've
never used one oh there we go
and now I can go oh what do I do
camera what does this do
connecting camera know what's gonna oh
oh my gosh it can see what my phone is
see sorry come and look at this look
guys I'm going to show you sorry when
she walks in the room look at this how
crazy is that guys no no hello that is
so crazy and apparently it's got a
really really good fitness app which is
the thing that I'm I'm looking forward
to is using it to working out okay right
I'm going to go set it up and have a
play with it let's just carry on the day
and I'll let you know what I think of it
right just finish it in another village
got Warren
and now I need to jump my hair so
fluffing today's I buh-buh-buh and now I
need to jump back in this conference
call I don't know where I put my mobile
hmm 10 minutes past 4:00 I'm gonna try
every film this snapchat video but the
aim for today is to not tell you guys
that I'm filming it because yesterday
when I told you that I was filming it we
kind of broke snapchat twice
absolutely ridiculous like crazy so I'm
going to try to - now without telling
you so hopefully some of you will notice
that you can send me snaps and then I
can film it I'm right now I'm exporting
today's daily vlog just finish editing
that as well
and then I just need to set up all of
the camera in the lighting here and get
ready and do my hair and everything or I
could just wear a hat might be a little
bit easier to just wear a hat so that I
don't have to do my hair don't have too
much yeah was that my hair and then jeez
this room is so hot
I need to like open a window or
something open these doors it's boiling
the only thing that music for so far is
the watch and then also once we were on
the phone
Zoe text me and it went on here and then
I went like that because basically it
doesn't do anything and then when you
tilt it the watch comes on do you see
let nothing on and and then Zoe texted
me one thing and then whilst on the
phone I muted myself and my mobile and
then I press record voice so I was just
like oh yeah I'm just adds to my daily
vlogging moment whilst in the cold and
then it said to her that voice clips I
replied to my text from my watch from my
watch
that is crazy so that is cool that's one
cool feature that I found that so hot
but and I want to start using the sport
feature I might try and go to the this
door since open the window oh it's been
so creaky I might try and use the sport
feature in the gym today and see what
that's like as well cuz that'd be cool
then I'm shaking my wrist that doesn't
know doesn't count it's working out but
I need to get ready and try and film
this video for you guys because it has
been 2 weeks since you had a main
channel video and that just isn't good
just finished filming my new video
finally so it's going to be going up
roughly the same time as this so I will
leave a link down below to it and it
involves a ton of you guys which is
super cool
Zoey psalmist oh whoa whoa you're my
style today and just decided to copy me
down sighs go girl
I'm a big sit down the side is my ribs
yeah we're just going to go to how do we
turn the TV off where's the remote
we need to know I don't watch your
videos unlucky huh that's one less beefy
a after you make them properly I'll show
you how to throw Stevie does oh yeah and
done it yourself
I've been in and out of it I know I was
in and out of it yesterday you wouldn't
know on let's go take night out for a
walk wait someone parked right outside
opposed to a a that doesn't count is
intruder boy you saw about outside our
gate this is cause his car's broken down
burn down avert my gaze is there much a
guinea pig go back from taking all out
for a walk I didn't film any because we
were concentrating on teaching out how
to walk with the you know the lead that
I showed you the other day where it's
got one on the front one on that when
you don't pull will concentrate on that
and then we just render bought some food
so we're just tidying up during the
dishwasher oh I need to throw this yuck
away and then these are the things that
we've just bought BOTS my fish cakes and
chicken and sausages and protein I
didn't buy the protein oh I'm gonna have
a protein shake now obvious I missed
breakfast today because I woke up later
than usual no no no you're gonna go
earlier tonight maybe do something
embarrassing guys so it's just sitting
upstairs just looking at Twitter doing
nothing productive literally just
looking at Twitter and Facebook and then
my phone my phone my watch guys thinking
a lot vibrates no sir
Oh someone has text me I read it and it
genuinely says do you want to stand up
for a minute and do some walking in
other words you haven't done an fx
sighs today you were lazy get your bum
up
thanks Apple watch thank you very much
and now just getting my other it's
probably frozen I might have to like no
it's gone it's like a for fear let
I made a protein shake with banana and
honey and then chocolate protein but I
put it in the freezer to cool it down a
bit I think it's gone a bit hard you did
it
you earned another hour towards your
stand goal I don't even remember setting
a stand goal but okay I probably had
another hour towards there this is so
good
this is milk shot a protein shake half a
banana and some honey
just having sleepy cuddles with her
little puppy is she still puppy yeah my
mum's teenager you have in Nice cuddles
this is literally her favorite thing in
the whole world is to be in bed of Zoe
Nye isn't it isn't it little one not
only that right should we take you to
bed P and beloved
sometimes when you tell Nora it's
bedtime and you're like you want to go
to bed she's like and she like legit
pretends that she's asleep you can't
even see her too while in my camera no
no you pretend to be asleep no no you're
not sleepy you're not asleep
come on let's get a bed coming in okay
yeah oh there we go
she put you to bed Oh late to bed hey hi
no that's not your bed is it let's get a
bed all right guys
I am now all tucked up into bed it's
quite early for me actually the time is
11:49 I've just taken my Apple watch off
and I put it on charge it's got a really
really cool charge thing actually I'll
show you it's basically like this little
here and then it just goes and like
magnetizes on nurses it's charging
although I don't have anything to like
bout oh there we go what that will do oh
maybe not there we go
okay cool it's going takes long to get
the screen all dirty by having it down
anyways guys if you enjoyed the video
give it a big ol thumbs up to let me
know I will catch you tomorrow I am
getting up pretty early tomorrow
actually like I have to get up early
because we're going to the bet 9 o'clock
with Nala in the morning oh yeah I'll
see you tomorrow
thanks for watching today hope you
having a lovely evening good bye
