ya know I'll get good morning guys good
morning
how you doing but currently you're not
strong enough to close the door oh
you're wearing your little white Yeezy
is when your shoes are what yay we're
currently off off out for a Sunday
breakfast oh these are the logs you
bought those saying that she bought some
logs for the log burners amazing oh no
our pumpkins look a little bit sad
Shawn's video still comments doing guys
well we're doing all the pumpkin carving
yeah I was thinking with this one here
we can cut it into like a helmet shape
and we could put on your head
the turkey oh we could go in you oh we
still can if we get your keys the only
thing is parallel parking in that know
where we're going it might be a bit if
you think yeah it could be so cute
there's such a lovely weather I can
still drive it I'm insured as well oh oh
wait I'm getting in passenger-side I'm
driving today Monday morning no Monday
evening actually you've all had a
productive Monday Payton got your butt's
that bed early fresh start to the week
do something new try bloody hard who's
ringing my mobile I don't know just
buying a parking ticket
but in reason I've been worryin about
there you go wow that is so cool
so he's gone for a Nutella latte I did
not even know this was a thing I've gone
for a normal RJ I feel like I've been
outdone this is my first coffee since
being ill recently oh my gosh so good
guys this place is the drink goals
look at this smoothie that's so cute
I couldn't something to go for so we
sent away just share whatever we get so
we chose between us we chose like one
proper breakfast dish and then one know
what you dish so we're just gonna share
both of these that looks so good should
we do that on the trampoline do a
morning backflip come on let's go let's
go
but how are you gonna get inside so he
hasn't got any keys on her to get into
the house and I'm running around to the
trampoline so I'm running backflip come
on well what you doing over there
she's taking pictures of a car
hello are you coming around this is
there any way I can get you onto the
trampoline why not yeah you can even one
okay let's go inside then where's my
doggie what's she wearing oh that is so
cute
he got a new coat we got you so excited
my god why should I bet you I know why
no she's gonna think she's going out
because you put a coat on her Christmas
it's not such a good fit and it's got
that bit as well for the lead that's
such a good size good purchase ah she's
got a new little one little Christmas
red one that's why she's excited because
it ease oh my gosh he loves his squirrel
buzz likes to suck on slash suckin on on
his toys like limbs and his favorite is
a squirrel but it's like super light not
dirty man cleans it but is let's just
say it's used so this is a new one
so he can I stack the arms oh I love
that
come on he looks like mr. Hankey the
Christmas poo this is my favorite bit
wait wait
this is litter like me in Hawley mature
like mature cheddar genius so I've just
done Zoey's makeup which you would have
seen in yesterday's bulk if you haven't
checked it out go check it out I did it
drunk so basically I bought these beer
goggle things like over a year ago now
and they make you drunk busters yeah let
me see what they they make you
technically totally wasted there is five
levels of drunk goggles these are the
fifth most intense ones you can yeah I
feel like this is gonna make me feel
very travel sick so quickly I'm gonna
I'm gonna put a bit of foundation oh no
no you're not that concealer
let me plan what I'm gonna do quickly
I'm gonna do concede it's way harder
than what you think like you literally
cannot see your arms and stuff I'm gonna
put in a clip now of Zoe trying to catch
yesterday that is how hard it is to see
I would these two on this thing or
conceal that I see with these goggles on
oh my effing god okay I'm gonna start
quite quickly okay yeah oh my god that's
a lot what do you mean is it oh yeah oh
my arms like I feel like how many game
do you know I mean but your arms are
like arms felt like one no no we do more
sunny days gorgeous I've never I tell
you what if the colors as well Zoe also
doesn't ever drink alcohol so this is my
drunk before though yeah used to drink
happy
I don't ever remember being like this
yes because I think when you're that
drunk you don't remember okay imagine if
you were to get your makeup done as
someone sat that close to you okay I'm
happy with that you may kiss hey no you
can't hold on change their name in a
guide where I am you're moving I'm not
you I feel like I'm a mole under me like
I'm like a little old lady why are you
so close to be sick laughs about C bit
Bruns
I think this make it's gonna be so good
I believe all day I feel like I'm
getting it in the right place am I not I
don't know where these things are meant
to go this is the thing if you saw
yesterday's bug you'll know that I
thought I was doing a great job and it
looked like a great job and took the
goggles off and then no gorgeous we're
not doing that so oh my gosh aren't you
- closed I've got to go out tonight you
know we're doing here I'm stuck together
I think I can't see if that's your
eyelashes feels like
get that was hard enough to say that was
the hardest bet oh okay I have to say
imagine if you paid so close detail is
really hard but you've been paid some do
your eyebrows and they came that close
to your face
am i really close ta yeah okay no no you
just build in the corners because that's
so thick oh my god that's so tickly oh
my god I didn't mean to call your boss a
minute man all right you done don't take
them off oh I have to all right look at
me
and what say what what do you think how
do you think it's gone open your eyes do
you think it's gone I think it's do you
only have their goggles I do I look good
I think I've ever done your lips like I
think I can see on here I'm gonna a
little bit I think maybe your brow on
this side your lips your eyebrows I did
get some of them you got some they're
like clump together or the end I always
just brushed me on your skin your skin
looks alright I think you covered it
over my skin it is good look at us right
now
should we go wash this off this is what
we spend our sunday evening doing this
shows you that doesn't it how hard is to
do makeup I was trying to do my own like
properly do you know what I mean it'd be
hard I think to know where your face is
yeah cuz even playing catch like with
these on assumes you've it the one you
try to throw something in the air and
catch it that's hard that kind of looks
really lovely on you I have no idea to
take this stuff off so I'm just going to
toilet well
well why
you know wet the toilet bowl
oh my god this lipstick is hard to get
off you are this is gross the crap might
do four videos for you guys all get
we're back to normal now I've become a
little bit obsessed recently we've
watching for night battle royale videos
it's a new game I think it's new anybody
called fortnight and then there's like a
and then there's the part of the game
called battle night Roy out and I'm
becoming obsessed with watching it I
literally want to play it so bad I just
downloaded on my laptop I realize it was
uh playing on my laptop because I don't
have a mouse and if you have drug play
gaming stuff on your laptop it's not
good you need a mouse so I don't know if
it to go over to my office and get my
playstation 4 and download on that and
start playing it like in the bedroom or
I do one of the cords in gaming videos
of me playing there for my pointlessblog
games channel I'm just I think at the
moment I don't really have time to edit
gaming videos and that's I got somebody
to help me edit the videos just those
ones although they don't be much edited
if I win any nice waffle think about
that I'm gonna make some pea and fresh
mint soup perfect PM fresh mint soup
here we go we've got little pea soup for
lunch I love these little bowls for soup
like the perfect size is that is it warm
enough because I never know how long to
do soup before because sometimes it's
like it seems like it's gonna be hot and
then you put it in a bowl after this I
leave warm and you know ah but this was
like boiling like bubbling everywhere
may or may not have co-opted as Oh his
office and just downloaded the game so
that I can be at home but also playing
the game at the same time often and
being in my office here we go I'm about
to jump in it's just waiting for a
server to my first ever game as I said
earlier on I've been obsessed today and
last night watching people play this
game but I've never actually played it
myself so I don't know waiting for
players oh I mean I'm gonna go to the
middle of this lake oh no I know it's
frozen no I saw like a I don't think I'm
a can handle that maybe I'm sorry
I don't know how anyone zeon sky store
okay I've seen good see now it's time
for me to go to bed just had to my
friends Jesse and Holly over tonight and
we all watched a film called get out
which was that's only like I'll send it
to someone in this room get out
I wasn't not saying it to you guys well
you want me to get out if I can sleep in
the spare room it was sick this soda so
good
paulien Zoey had already seen it before
the vibe said it's so good that they
don't mind watching it again didn't
really vlog much fact I don't think I
filmed anything with them guys over here
although Holly took my phone at one
point so you probably just seen some
weird clip the Holly's filmed zoomed in
typical Holly style on my face or
something like that my camera she always
steals the camera and let's to zoom in
on people's faces I'm gonna in the vlog
here
get into bed if you've enjoyed the vlog
give it a thumbs up I hope you guys
liked the challenge yesterday the little
challenge in today's vlog subscribe if
you haven't already linked down below
the merch thank you so much to everyone
who's given the video a thumbs up
already I appreciate that and I'm
catching the morning good night
okay
