you excited for breakfast know it sit
down
good girl gunman good morning guys today
I've got my hair just type backing out
the way with one of those things that
you guys hate just got it out the way of
my face
it was so hard to get it not this
morning it's finally 25 10 I was just up
super late last night editing and
planning videos until like half-past two
and I am so tired I'm paying for it this
morning
Wow it is time for breakfast and I
really feel like some cereal
except for me you know the good thing is
when you really feel like cereal then
you have this much milk so can't really
have that everything else we have in the
fridge is kind of like lunch or dinner
stuff so I don't know what to make Nala
loves the Sun so much ah she stopped now
dammit I brought her out to her way and
she literally just lays down on the
stones because they're obviously warm in
the Sun she said yeah I think I'm not
gonna do a wee dad I think I'm just
gonna have a sunbathe instead and just
starts chilling out I couldn't decide
what to have for breakfast so instead I
got dressed and planned my video a
little bit more though I'm gonna be
uploading tonight or yesterday for you
guys and then I got a Facebook message
from Callum or calex you guys probably
know who he is he's bright gamer II I
say gamer youtuber he hangs around with
gaming YouTube is we doesn't actually
make gaming videos saying that he's in
Brighton because there was a festival
and yesterday in Brighton and today and
he stayed in a hotel last night Brighton
and he wants to go for breakfast not
like a huge oka mean he's like no
seriously I'm in the Hilton Hotel and I
was like what
well I literally didn't what I want for
breakfast so let's go out for breakfast
he's okay let's go
so I've said I'm gonna pick him up in a
taxi in five minutes well I said fifteen
minutes but it's already been ten I just
needed to get dressed and let this
wandering a week so in five minutes
I'm going out for breakfast to The
Breakfast Club which is my absolute
favorite I went there the other day you
saw my breakfast but today I'm gonna try
and go there you done you didn't need a
way coming then let's go inside I'm
gonna try and go there and get healthy
breath
I want to get like poached eggs with
avocado that's the aim although I know
it's going to be really tempting to get
the pancakes look how delicious this
breakfast lips guys garden poached eggs
feel extra bacon what I wanted that's
what a Zoey gets every time she comes
man that's a favor unlucky is Ari no it
means that you're my date for the
breakfast so I'm back home now guys and
I kind of like accidentally kind of went
to Urban Outfitters on the way to the
taxi rank and then look oh yes Alfie
yes douche and then I kind of
accidentally bought two tops and then
again I accidentally nya is going crazy
what are you doing oh my gosh and then I
kind of accidentally went into Apple and
bought a iPod shuffle like the tiny
little one like this it was 40 pounds
with headphones as well which is amazing
because headphones are like 25 pounds as
they are so I basically got an iPod
shuffle for 15 pounds
brand new because it's like this big and
you can just clip it on like it's got a
little clip I'm sure you guys know what
they look like and you just clip it onto
your clothes so that when I'm at the gym
I don't have to take my phone I can
literally just clip on to like my shorts
or something so much easier than having
a big old phone in my pocket and now I'm
just playing whilst waiting for nah
let's go for away in other words play
with the grass select this is it in here
guys if I can get it out this little
thing it's absolutely tiny but I think
it's going to be a game changer when it
comes to going to the gym this is the
iPod here then I've got the headphones
here and this in here is the cutest if I
can get it out charger in the world look
at that for a charger I wish my iPhone
charger was that long imagine how much
easier it be to carry in your pocket
this is the setup for today's video I've
got one light there camera and
microphone tripod everything there
window there to give me the other light
and then this background basically when
Zoey was filming yesterday she left it
like this so I've turned on the light
turned on the camera still has charged
and just stolen everything she did so
thank you for setting up today's video
it means a lot it means I don't have to
do it I've also got changed and um kind
of done my hair just waxed and pull that
dim back I don't really know I've tried
to from this video a couple of times
just practicing because it's basically
involves a piece of technology to record
snapchats that you need Wi-Fi for now I
don't have Wi-Fi at this end of the
house it doesn't quite reach so I've
been like wiring things to my laptop and
plugging things in and playing around
and I kind of itch got it working so
fingers crossed I'm gonna record this
video and it works if it doesn't work
then it probably won't be going up
tonight because it's already at
half-past three
everything that could possibly go wrong
with today's new video is going wrong
like now it won't even like on my
computer it won't even find my iPhone
yet my iPhone is plugged in oh gosh this
is so annoying
I wanted this video to go up tonight at
like 7 o'clock it's only 10 minutes past
4:00 and I literally just can't get it
to work I mean I've only been trying to
set up this video for the last three
hours literally three hours and I
finally got it work and I bet my
Lighting's all different now because the
natural light coming through the window
is going to be different I'm gonna have
to change all other camera settings
again but it is fine I've got it working
right it is time to try and record this
snapchat video again it's probably gonna
what the hell that door just closed by
itself ah because the windows open by
let's try McCool hey why don't you close
it what is going on we've got a ghost in
here I just closed the window instead
yeah for the millionth time I'm gonna
try and record this snapchat video let's
turn it on just taking on route and a
walk was to get my dinner for me and
Zoey you having a nice walk matey are
you she loves to sniff everything
come on we should nip in Noah and I are
back home now and this is what we've got
for dinner or not Nala this is me and
Zoe chicken Lee and faith cook bake bake
Oh chicken he can bake Oh bacon phyllo
pie which is delicious means Oh II love
this and then also got some tender stem
broccoli I don't know why I just think
long broccoli which i think is called
tender stem or something like that you
know the lanky broccoli this long one is
so much nicer a ton of sweet potatoes
which I am never ever gonna eat that
many in one go but they only had them in
like a big old sack they didn't sell
them individually Oh what y'all oh so I
had to get like a big old thing but I
think it's only like a pound or
something and then Zoe's favorite some
mashed potato so much potato broccoli
chicken pie and this yum yum yum yum you
on that side dinner actually recycle
this you guys know that always do more
recycling put that in there and then
when that Accardo man comes which is
when we order our food online they take
away all the plastic bags and recycle
them for you
fun fact about Accardo in case you
didn't know but I need to put this in
the oven I'm gonna try to cook the whole
meal whilst on this thing also you guys
in the comments are going crazy about
where this is from
it is called a mono we or our two or
wrote the something our - I don't know
put into Amazon our - it was a lot of
money but it is so much fun I think it
was like 350 pounds which is probably
like five hundred and $50 or $500 or 350
pounds so it's a heck ton of money guys
but it is blooming awesome like I love
it but I need to stop messing about war
and actually cook this food
now I'm joking and it's as simple as
this
in their 35 to 40 minutes I'm gonna put
that time on now I always go over the
higher tier all not 42 not quite that
high
okay and I know that'll do 39 and then I
need to chop up these guys because they
take about 25 minutes half an hour get
rid of that little edge
we don't want those guys and what do I
want it do I want it in like this like
this or double it like thin and long I
normally go disc
so let's go thin the long and see what
happens now we're gonna drizzle some
olive oil like that mix it all up in
there so all of them have a little bit
more on them just get a little bit messy
that doesn't matter
there we go and then what we're gonna do
is we're gonna grab this
Nando's medium rub and then we're gonna
sprinkle medium rub all over them so
that they're a little bit spicy and then
again just mix that all up in there
there we go spread them out a little bit
and then we're gonna whack that in the
oven I feel like a chef look at me for
like 25 minutes there we go and then I'm
gonna give these guys a wash
and then whilst I wait all of that to be
done you should need to put that in the
recycling down there I'm gonna go play
with my baby come on and how that let's
go play
what lady fell off this right what toy
should we play with missus you choose a
toy choose a toy come in here you come
and get one and we'll play with it we're
21 you pick one this one this is
normally your favor go in there
should we play give me time to get back
to Matt cook in right we've got seven
minutes left of these so that means that
I need to oh I'm showing you but I'm
really showing you this I meant to show
you these that means that I need to whoa
oh my gosh I always forget about that
literally nearly bit my face off one
minute let me wipe you guys clean there
we go right so I need to move these out
a little bit give these guys a little
flipper ooh they're looking good now I
need to pour this in here and boil these
for six minutes and then also whilst
balancing as you can see in there on
this Segway thing I need to put this on
for five minutes
oh no it wasn't as four minutes forty
start and voila this is mine here I've
got a chicken pie well there's no point
we tell you you know what all of it is
there's mine and there is our ease and
then we've got to these little tumbler
things full of ice water all right it's
time to sit down and enjoy this in bed
and then we've also got a little one
running around on the floor down there
we joined us for dinner never bedtime
cuddles
even though bedtime cuddles before you
get to bed Nala hi guys I'm in bed now
and I'm just gonna edit a couple of
videos I filmed earlier on today for
whilst I'm away in Greece so thank you
for watching today I hope you enjoyed it
if he did smash the video thumbs up you
guys know what to do and I'll catch you
tomorrow I might have to be in London
tomorrow morning at 9:30 I'm not quite
sure yet I don't know whether I'm meant
to be there or not
so I'll ever see you tomorrow morning at
like 7:00 a.m. oh I'll see you normal
time like 8:30 all right then I'll get
you tomorrow
good night
