you're just so cool I wish I was you
you're just so damn cool
good morning guys
just started your vlog alright it's
alright for some you've just given away
all my favorites
Oh this'll go up to tomorrow yeah one's
your favorite show not my favorites
tomorrow oh yeah now you plug yourself
after rinsing my daily vlog Oh Alfie
sobbing but that does prove that does
prove guys that I've been up for ages
have an eye you actually have I woke up
so easily this morning I found it so our
three got this morning I forgot to end
the vlog yesterday but last night at
2:00 in the morning I thought it'd be a
good idea you probably saw on Twitter to
order pizza and chicken
oh yeah a piece tonight yeah and you
think you woke up when I feed the door
just went another I know that was my
feets that you were like what as I guide
you toward the beats you like what's the
time I was like five past two and then
instead of I thought you were going to
be like are you joking me off or you go
to bed UN smells really good can I have
some I was like yes so then we put the
TV on the net feature together like ten
pots - Wow
so yeah I got I didn't get too much
sleep
at you know I did get a lot of sleep
because I slept in this morning I slept
until half nine which is wow that's not
even a lion for like old squirrel fit
autograph used to sleep until at 2:00
p.m. I trained you well
yeah well knowledge trained me no you
didn't even hear non-us slept through
everything
I mean anyways guys it's currently
Saturday I having a lovely weekend oh
you having a nice time I am today my aim
is to film a new main Channel video for
tomorrow and as well as so hopefully
I'll be up at the same ruff same time as
this so go check it out and then
hopefully going to film another main
Channel video as well because I'm going
I haven't told you guys I still haven't
told them and I don't want you to be
annoyed when I say this because I know
of a daily vlogger but I'm taking a week
off of vlogging and I hope that is okay
of you I completely forgot to tell you
until now basically myself
zowie papi Shan mum and my dad all going
on holiday together and I'm going to be
taking a week off because I don't really
want to vlog our family holiday I want
to just relax with the family and I know
some of you are going to be angry and be
like your daily blogger you should vlog
every day of your life but I'm going to
take a week off and I'm sure you
understand I'm allowed time off I'm
going on holiday with my family and we
want to just relax by the pool
I don't want to be like filming everyone
in their swimming costumes and stuff so
I'm just going to take the week off from
relax
but I'm gonna try and film a main
Channel video today to got next Sunday
seems to have emotional video I oh yeah
you're gonna fill in a lookbook whilst
we're on holiday I'm such an idiot my
camera back to his already flashing
saying it's running out this back to
here it's only just my first clip I'm
off to town now and I've just spoken to
my dad I'm going to meet him for a
coffee I've got one hour to get to town
do my shopping I need for the holiday
which is just little things like
moisturizer and I want to get some clips
to hold back my hair because it's
getting quite long known to get out my
face and then and then Anna and Jonathan
and the two little babies they don't
really babies are they leave them a baby
second they can both walk and I coming
over in an hour for like lunch or
something just to hang out so I'm just
editing uploading the daily vlog it's
all good and productive so far what is
the time give you guys it is two minutes
to twelve and you've already film two
videos that is amazing right let's go to
tell my camera died so I literally
couldn't load anything in town but I'm
back now
scary journeys over
you got it I finally all my lens my
stupid camera finally got some charge on
my camera hopefully it won't die in the
next minute or so but we are at this
demo house just come for lunch as usual
all right they got some new some new
pieces of art don't quite know what it
is is it like a rib
probably not could be then such a lovely
day I don't if you can see it but we
have the biggest food order on here
whenever I come out with more than two
people tryna order food is such an
effort everyone wants different things
then they want multiple dishes and then
then they don't tell me what they want
and then I order something else
wait Zoe was meant to be paying for this
meal and she hasn't given me her card
wait how definitely did that on purpose
be drinking Buddhism yeah
parkour Emilia's asked me to play some
games over what games do you want to
play Oh
climbing game Wow can you stand up on
there where we go in you show me what
games you want to play have you seen
this one over here Wow should we sit
down on this pebble hey girl Oh be
careful up there
Wow is it is it oh wow a pedal case a
pedal case there we go everybody Palaces
pedal case what is this one called huh
it's a big leaf is now it flew away in
the wind huh Wow guys look at this big
old leaf it flew away in the wind you
can't let me you should we sit down on
that are we gonna read a book I'm gonna
read we're gonna read a story while
sitting on the leaf coming then I'll sit
here and you sit there what are you
gonna read are you gonna read the story
done then right
Wow yeah that was a good story was mad
ha did you enjoy that we've ordered so
much food this is my healthy salmon
attempted to be healthy after I at the
most ridiculous man my personal trainer
foot tell you guys said to me I have to
write down my ye every single day for
the next week it's yes to be a birthing
trainer yesterday it's so bad as I
started tomorrow
is that cheating or - that's nice that's
that's fine what day was it you've
ordered Saturday hi Sarah Monday yeah
that's treat day so the weekend exactly
they accidentally dropped Anna's ice
cream on the floor how did you go get
another one
okay but the kids are just having that
didn't sorry doesn't quite know how to
how to feed children I'd rather listen
your face Oh forgetting their plan so I
know this is yours new you this your
second your glasses down there nice even
looking healthy was here selfie was here
selfie on the side of your new car okay
lads this is not a thing we don't come
back
look at it this man I gave me those
markers so this car look at it you can
actually see yeah yeah see oh there you
go I know you can't see it's right in
the video
sorry throw penis in my car penis car I
mean that's a weird penis I couldn't see
it where is that ever happen hello hello
did you do the shore ends No
hello mr. boys and their toys I'll be
seeing right into your face Thank You
Jonathan
so I've been home now for probably about
three hours and I've just been on the
sofa or now I'm on this because I
literally am so obsessed with that but
I've just been Cummings like sorry not
sorry Zoey's up says Edison
I've been cuddling nala on the sofa here
for literally like two or three hours
and then I realized that she's she's
chewing this chew toy I don't know what
it is where she couldn't form anything
it looks like it looks disgusting right
now I don't even know what shape it
originally was I've hidden up here now
because she was chewing it so much on
the sofa that I don't if you can see
that this is my sofa look at that
that's like stains from her like
dribbling at all it is net Missy did I
have to take your chew off of you
because you were getting it all on my
sofa did I let go upset she looks I'm
sorry baby but look at higuys sit you
all over my sofa now I've just realized
that I haven't actually filmed a new so
I want to get back on this that I
haven't filmed Nala what's this what's
this that I haven't filmed an indie
gaming videos my gaming channel at the
moment is like 99% Sims live zombie
because we film it in bulk
and then I just upload it over time
which means that I haven't filmed any
new gaming videos there's probably some
awesome games out in like a couple of
weeks so I'm going to try and have a
late night tonight I mean I don't know
if it's a hundred percent going to work
because I am I get so tired at the
moment it's currently five minutes to
nine I want to also take Nolan out on
the wal K can't say out loud of why she
gets crazy excited I want to take her
out in one of them to the park as well
with Zoe I don't know I think there's
always editing upstairs so depending
what Zoe is doing if she's busy or not
if not then I'll just take about myself
I really need to learn how to drive if I
could drive life would be four million
times easier once they get back from
holiday that is my number one priority
over anything else is learning to drive
but yeah I need to film some more gaming
videos before I go away because I think
whilst you're not going to have daily
vlogs I might try and do a couple of
little
other videos if there's any other videos
that I can film prior to going away that
I can upload on this channel there's not
a teasing me while I'm on this are you
chasing me yeah if there's any other
videos that you guys would like me to
upload on this channel whilst I'm away
that I can pre film and upload in
advance because I won't be daily
vlogging as I said earlier then let me
know like if you want me to do an you
like Q&A is or any dare videos or any
specific videos that I can do like maybe
a video of my mum but yeah let me know
in the comments if there's anything
specific that I can pre film and I can
what ah ah my Darla ah yo oh can I have
a kiss another thank you thank you thank
you okay okay it's been an hour
kiss my toe better know I kiss my toe
for me no that's not my toe no no that's
not my toe hey put my hat on oh okay you
don't want to put my hat on why am i
fly's undone what's happenin I'm so
confused you kissing my toe thank you
right as I was saying before I broke my
toe and I think I was saying yeah so let
me know in the comments down below if
there's any specific videos that you
want me to film whilst I am away and I
can upload them all time away so you
guys still have content on this channel
there isn't daily vlogs but you can
still have videos from me and then I
also need to be fun with some new gaming
videos because I've realized my gaming
channel is not the best it's ever been
at the moment it's literally just Sims
and I barely even upload them maybe like
one or two a week I need to be uploading
more so let me know the comments down
below there any cool games that you want
me to play I'm going to go and have a
look and try fans on myself and try and
play some tonight whoa yeah that's the
aim of today maybe we go for a walk no
no we go for a walk I shown you guys a
new lead so basically we've her lead now
so that we can train her to walk without
pulling we have like it connects in two
places in its one lead so if she's pull
in you just pull this front one this one
and it
pushes her back so she literally can't
pull and it is amazing any of you guys
have problems your dogs pull in on you
just pull this little front one I advise
you to get one coming in let's go
NOLA do you let your little jacket do
you like your new jacket guys let you
have to get one like this if you were to
get the double lead you have to get one
with a harness hook here or harness hook
a little lead hook there nother another
show them your front little hook then
you've got a little front one over here
as well haven't you should we give you a
treat for being a good girl on this walk
coming in what's this and this Oh get
that flower out now now that come here
you don't want to eat flowers you want
to eat that was that yummy is that yummy
there you go now that is just a small
tree his net that is pretty damn small
how would you even keep it in that shape
who the hell can trim that no no should
we do some jog in do you want to do some
jog in coming then let's go let's go oh
my gosh she's faster than me
come on come on in governor oh my gosh
guys look what I got look at her go
you've been such a good girl let's take
your jacket off yay that one and that
one over your head you take it off good
Jo there you go you're free you're free
going then go see mommy I need a drink
after that walk guys Nana didn't even
have one when she came in I need one
also just in case you were wondering
I'll say it for like the 12th time just
in case it wasn't very clear
yeah over 11 times I've said air when I
was just walking back home now there's
two girls standing there nicely leaning
over our wall looking into our garden
trying to look through the front door I
mean they were wearing their pajamas
so probably weren't going anywhere else
and went just by chance living in
somebody's garden I'm pretty certain
that they were looking just into our
garden to see us
which is weird they then turn around as
I was walking towards them don't walk
not towards them just go back to my
house and we'll happy can we have a
picture
probably not considering you're standing
outside my house looking through a fence
into our garden or look through our
windows into our house that's kind of a
bit weird we don't do pictures of the
house and please next time don't wait
outside our house peering through our
fence it's kind of weird so in case you
were wondering if you come to my
nazaries house wanting a picture or
wanting to meet us it's not going to
happen
we don't do pictures at the house guys
I've told you this like 12 times
don't wait outside it's not normal it's
weird you wouldn't like it if someone
was waiting outside your house we don't
want to be waiting outside our house so
you make these cool little videos and
don't get me wrong we love meeting new
guys in the street you'll always see me
retweeting pictures of me meeting you
guys in the street or at events or in
the park or anywhere but if you
specifically come to our house to wait
outside until we leave then no I'm not
going to do a picture because that's
weird
I'm sorry that's a lot sorry nothing I'm
not sorry that's just weird no something
to sit near of nala and I just realized
sorry did I wake you up by saying your
name I'm sorry
and I just realize how much I've got to
do tomorrow because I kind of haven't
filmed the video for tomorrow yet I was
meant to be filming that today and I
never got around to it because lunch
ended up being really long and us having
so much fun with the skinny journeys I
didn't get mad also shut my vest that me
and my mum bought the other day together
I saw it and I was I know that's not
really my kind of thing she's awake you
have to get it out fee because remember
when your light bulb went missing or
like it was unscrewed I don't know if
you guys remember that a couple of light
months ago maybe like a month ago in my
vlogs the light bulb went missing off
the ceiling then ended up next to my bed
not going to over explain that you
probably know I'm talking about my mom
so you have to get the vest because of
the light bulb thief so we've got a
light bulb best and just put it on now
for like pajama kind of clothes and yeah
today's been absolutely amazing so I
hope you enjoyed the video thank you
sticking around to the end of it it
means a lot I always think it's crazy
that you guys watch the entirety of
these videos because they're so long and
it means a lot that you've stuck right
to the end so off to realizing
much over in fact got to do tomorrow to
be able to get a video up and to film
another video for the next weekend
because this week I'm busy before I go
away I think I go away on Thursday
I think it's Thursday and then we've got
somebody house-sitting which means
people come like this or friends it's
not a random people two of our friends
to come in and staying at the house they
can feed in the cotton guinea pigs and
also look after Nala and they also
already know not even the guinea pigs
really well so it'll be all get really
really nice but yeah after realizing how
much I've got to do tomorrow I think I'm
going to edit this blog now tonight and
upload it scheduled for tomorrow so that
I don't have as much work to do tomorrow
for videos so thank you so much for
watching guys give it a big old thumbs
up if you enjoyed it you guys know what
to do you hear that thumbs up button
smashing it every single day and it
means a lot yeah I'll catch you tomorrow
good night also I should just point out
one little thing I kind of won like a
little introduction to my daily vlogs
not like a big long like 5 or 10 second
thing just so I can have like a little
clip from like the funniest bit of the
day and then it'd have like ding like a
little noise or like 2 or 3 seconds of
like saying something like pointlessblog
daily vlogs or something and then my
vlog begins what do you think if you
know anyone that can do it or you can
make it yourself make me a little intro
just like under 3 seconds long and email
it to me and I might use one of them you
never know if it's not the kind of thing
that you think then don't worry about it
but I just thought it'd be cool it would
be really really cool anyways I'll catch
you tomorrow
