good morning guys today I don't even
know I'm so tired
I literally fell asleep last night for
like what and I started off by falling
asleep on the sofa for two hours from 9
o'clock til 11 never ever ever a good
decision to go to bed that early and
then I woke up and fell asleep for an
hour in bed and then I woke up for like
three hours and I just couldn't sleep I
think it was three hours maybe two hours
I don't know it's currently quarter past
8:00 in the morning
and I've taken Nala out to the toilet
and everything Zoey's just given her
breakfast downstairs
I literally keep my eyes closed but it's
just more comfortable I don't even know
guys I just thought I would update you
and let you know that I'm awake and I'm
not lazy another wake up every day at
like 11 o'clock I wake up every day like
I'll post a I just don't sometimes stop
my vlog till this time I mean till 11
o'clock so just a - breakfast and I
forgot I didn't show you guys the other
day something that I bought now you know
when I went to the beach last week with
a couple of the gamers from the sidemen
they had one of these it was so awesome
that I had to buy one myself now it's
quite a weird contraption there's a
couple of different versions of them but
let you turn it on and then basically
it's kind of like a segway without
handle bars basically you like step on
it and then it's just like - no then I
had to explain it
like you lean forward it goes forward if
you lean back it goes back look on me
I'll get Zoey to film so I can show you
it's like the sickest thing ever
deliver us yesterday it kind of ran out
a child yesterday whilst I was right dad
if I fell off and I threw my drink
across the rug Oh drink yeah it was a
box without but film this you're gonna
fall like I've said this is like the
most dangerous thing I've ever seen
because he's gonna fall off it and break
his neck or break his back or something
oh Allah oh my gosh yeah unless it runs
out of battery and then you fall off
yeah
the activate is one of the coolest names
no heart no no I'm not kidding you guys
he's on this all day I'll be like Oh
could you get me a glass of water please
oh just swing on fly in there yeah I'm
better at it than him though water on I
you wish what a guy no tell them be
honest how much harder is it it's so
hard like I don't know how he's doing
this it's so hard although my mum was
pretty good at yeah your mom's good
she's really good it's one of those
things that you have to really get used
to you need good balance and I'm not
sure I have good balance to be honest
it's so I'll show you our yoga oh this
is mine yeah this is my new toy and this
is John Z Zoey's new toys i buy
practical things like printing you're
just so fun any card to get recorded the
speech in sparta was that to you I've
never even used that printer in my life
wait why is it downstairs
walk-up says because I don't have
internet up in my office because it's
broken and absolutely no Zoey barkow
internet you can say okay I'll fix it
today
go it's hard now have you fixed it I
know
okay let's opt on yeah yeah yeah one two
four is that good enough for you Hey
three three two one one yeah no oh my
gosh now I have to fix your internet oh
my gosh okay I'll fix it today I've got
a talk in like an hour guys down at the
ground in Brighton the hotel once I get
back from the talk I will fix your
internet should I take this to my talk
so like on stage they're like Alfie
deyes youtuber and I'm like and slide in
why I think they'll like it well I need
to actually go and get dressed because
I've let you got to be there in an hour
my talk starts in an hour and 16 minutes
I mean I'm meant to be here for like a
professional talk but look what they've
got how could have I if they got this
here oh my god there's two tempting
dumps in a boyband guys practicing in
salina my arm and then oh that's kind of
the - yeah it's still not quite
as soon as you hit that bottle waste of
their Celino me and then I got new
boarding boy stop this your child
yeah I love it because Freddie's got it
wrong sorry you might need that I need
you need to practice wait we do need to
practice
I like this that's amazing I feel like
everyone looks like ghosts from Harry
Potter night like just writing forward
Missy come
making a little home outside it's very
sleeping tonight
whoa come inside no yeah another fished
on me are you gonna do
it's such an idiot oh my god where's he
going you can't get in ferrocene Allah
crazy physical I literally don't know
where he's good come inside not sure
what this game is what's the password
what's the password
no he's gonna love it ding all this
footage Oh for Cecil dude good it my
lover she's like I'm sure without that
ok well let them in spin open the whole
time yeah it was stinky fish leg any of
you confused not a fish Tom a which is
doggy very sleek anal man juice and I
like your camera no Zowie has been
touching my camera with her stinky fish
hands now I must ride around on this to
get around more efficiently so guys
imagine this for one of those look looks
like I'm going to use this as like a
steady glide cam go
she's better she's actually that's up so
Zoey and I are currently doing a live
show to raise money for her trick stock
campaign you guys know about say hi to
yourselves guys you're in my daily vlog
hope people are just posting a little
sheep there we go Hey
Oh
but right now I am on a mission
operation mission mission Jesus
well you geez yeah cheese so it was
something in your ear dying this year no
I'm I've just woken up on the sofa guys
I have no idea what is going on like
it's so late so I called the past 11:00
at night
I haven't tweeted in three hours which
means that it probably fell asleep but
two and a half hours ago nyle has been
asleep next to me I'm guessing the whole
time and even sleeping with me Nala have
you she's like shut up dad him sleep in
and I have no idea where Xavi is I'm
pretty sure she's upstairs like I don't
think she's left the house but I have no
idea I'm so tired
jetlag is definitely beating me today I
thought I'd beaten it and go over a
couple of days ago but falling asleep at
9:30 on a Friday definitely means jet
LAG's winning also realized that I
haven't had dinner I was about to go to
bed but I still haven't eaten dinner yet
so I don't quite know what to do about
that one do I go and make food but then
it might wake me up or I don't know I
think I might go make some food
