good morning guys I woke up with a
fairly normal time today which is good
because that means that I'm getting over
my jet lag and I also woke up from sorry
making me a smoothie or juice in bed
which is delicious and then I also just
got a phone call for max saying I'm
coming over in 10 minutes and we're
going to the gym together so I've got
like 5 minutes until going to the gym I
so I've put back on my gym clothes and
I'm just doing my teeth and everything
now and getting ready to go hello
gorgeous
hello baby you can say later everyone
are you you look so pretty today
mrs. Missy missus I'm back from the gym
guys and I've had a shower and I've got
one minute with my password in don't we
see that and I've got dressed in
everything max absolutely killed me
today in the gym my girls my friend max
I filmed in there a couple of times
before hence you what she barking at
oh there's car alarm going off no it's
only a car alarm
so then yeah so I went to the gym of max
today and he works out like six or seven
days a week like super hardcore
regimented goes every single day and he
absolutely killed my chest today oh my
gosh my chest is gonna die tomorrow and
my arms but it will be worth it it will
be worth there it is now 22 minutes to
to buy him off somewhere in like a
quarter to so in six minutes I'm off
somewhere super exciting like so so
exciting I can't tell you actually
because it's probably going to be the
thumb now in the title of the video if
you didn't know is I mean I go in Madame
Tussauds which is crazy like absolutely
insane and then today it's been like
five or six weeks basically and somebody
has been working on each of us to make
our heads so we get to go and see our
heads today now I don't think they've
got like any like skin kind of stuff on
there or they haven't got any or say
skin stuff on me like they've been
painted I think they're painted
something like that basically they're
not going to be colored and haven't got
the hair on the heads yet but the face
like shape has been done and
then if I told you guys because
obviously I've got braces at the moment
that might say I don't have to marry now
I should go and put them back in I just
say some lunch times just to eat today
every time I say woohoo i think of sims
having sex interesting
what was it going to say yeah since I've
got my braces Philae and I've got all of
my sex because I've got the plastic
little Invisalign things I've got the
last set of like finished braces what my
teeth are gonna look like at the end so
I sent them to the people so fingers
crossed my teeth on the man on the
mannequin is it man again so my teeth on
myself when I made out of wax myself
made out what it sounds weird anyways my
teeth on my wax version of myself should
be all straight they should be like what
my teeth are gonna look like when it
finishes because by the time my wax
figure comes out my teeth should be
straight so I think they've made them so
that my teeth are straight anyways we'll
see right I need to start editing
yesterday's daily vlog and I'm gonna
edit it in and edit and edit it whilst
I'm in the studio they're basically
bringing the map and the wax heads to
Brighton so we get to go and see them
just around the corner from my house I
say around the corner it's not really
round the corner but and we get to go
and see them in Brighton which is good
they've bought into a studio and I need
to edit and upload my daily vlog whilst
on there so I should get there now stop
vlogging
how exciting yes I can smell bread he
stalled out we were singing that last
night
look us fool your head is compared to
mine I want to put my laptop down
yeah
with that looking a hair and eyeballs
edge of it you're all right you take
your cattle yep we're now back from some
behind the zoos and video parts how's
the day been so far is that what relaxed
it looks like you've got you've listened
they start like blinking and like
breathing so mean I've been asked to do
a sculpting competition I mean this
isn't going to go to is it really really
hard I mean I think I might be able to
finish that that is not at all what does
the spray do what is it
there's a book here that a lot of people
who are in bamboo swords have wrote in
themselves there's like hairy like
everybody thank you so much for doing it
hairy signature there is right proper
just just his village which is very
hairy muscle we're lazy mortality at
last and now we're about to that sign it
you go fast go on just Villas haven't
actually blogged with my head too much
so this is me hopefully everybody you
haven't already met him this is what he
looks like how weird is that
it's so weird seeing myself right look
so wait I've got big old hole in my head
as well and then over here we've got
Zoey look at that you've got that hole
in your nose is run real life you know
what it has may be really crooked your
noses have a crooked nose don't I
actually do
is it you that wishes because you bangee
at once oh that's what you say yeah
that's what you said I remember that
first step that's such a lie you've got
you can't get a wonky nose from
something like that
no I look at the head size difference
I'm sorry over there and then big head
over here me look at it though how crazy
is that guys so cool
yeah so now back home guys I've kind of
since being home edited and uploaded in
my daily vlog had enough on the sofa
tried to wake up and start a feeding
gnarley' ice cream right dog puppy ice
cream on the floor in the kitchen then
fell asleep on the floor in the kitchen
and woke up extremely confused as to was
asleep on the wooden floor and now just
watching some TV
my hate beavers rats about sneeze my hay
fever has just started as of today I
absolutely hate hay fever it is one of
the most annoying things if you have any
tips in the comments in the comments if
you are any tips leave them in the
comments of how to get rid of hay fever
it hits me so bad every year it looks
like I'm constantly crying it's so
annoying I'm all tucked up in bed oh my
god the camera looks like enough stopped
and that I dream for a second that was
weird
oh my gosh it's like a fast one in the
morning and I just can't sleep I thought
I'd be in jet lag but it turns out that
having a two-hour nap at 9:00 p.m. to 11
p.m.
isn't the best idea because now I'm just
not tired so I've literally been set up
designing or not designing physically
but like looking online it like new
merchandise stuff like jumpers or like
future things to do around asking you
guys what you want to see so if there's
anything in particular
oh my gosh the quality is gone terrible
I can't reach that right if there's
anything in particular and you guys want
to see merchandise wise then let me know
in the comments so if the TV is
let you buy only Lighting's every time
he goes dark on the TV my lighting goes
bad on here I'm gonna change channel so
the lighting is a bit better
okay that's blue oh okay there we go
today has been incredible guys like it
was the crazy again to see the wax
figure is so so cool and i'm i'm so
excited of how it's going and if you
notice my new teeth weren't in it
because my new teeth was still being
molded but my new teeth will be in the
final one at the end which is good yeah
that's not it let me know about any
matched after that you want to see in
the future anything specific or rough or
anything random items or some items or
window items or i don't know you guys
know what i mean just anything you want
and I will catch you tomorrow I think
I'm gonna have quite a cool day tomorrow
I've got most of it off I've got a talk
in Brighton I'm doing and that's right
so I'll catch you tomorrow I hope you've
had a lovely day who enjoyed the video
give it a big thumbs up if you enjoyed
it
let's see how many thumbs like we can
smash down below and yeah I'll get you
tomorrow good night
