good morning guys I got up at a really
good time this morning and I don't
really feel too jet-lagged and woke up
at 8:15 or 8 o'clock this morning which
is pretty good considering that's like
3:00 in the morning in New York I'm just
about to go into the breakfast club now
to go get some breakfast slash lunch
with poppy and month so let's go this is
brand new it's only just opened for
every when I leave with Casper in London
so just looking at that all American
this is what I always go for
all-american pancakes right I've
actually focuses you have to say
pancakes eggs sausage home sob taters
Street bacon maple syrup oh my gosh
that's not I'm gonna go for what you go
for quinoa and almond butter basically
shopping in town and I was doing
anything I want to come from food of
advice and then often it's not so I
jumped in a taxi and came here as quick
as I could and now Sean's also jump to
the taxi and he's coming here
thank you so much that lunch was
absolutely delicious guys and then I
just did a bit of shopping with my
family but I am so tired I just got home
and I have taken my jeans off straight
away my socks and my shoes and I am
practiced in order to do is exactly two
o'clock in the afternoon
and I'm like beyond sleepy I feel that
if I have a nap now it will be better
than having a nap later on tonight so
I'm tempted to have a nap because for me
it is five hours behind because I'm used
to time in New York in America and I
just don't know I know that I should
fight jet lag by stayin with my head
doing by staying awake but I literally
just can't stay awake I'm so so tired
also I have put my new braces in last
night these are number seven
I'm on brace number 7 out of 20 - so I'm
like basically a third of the way
through my braces until my teeth get
straight which is so exciting I can't
wait until I've like getting towards the
end of my Invisalign and the like encima
teeth have been like all straight and
everything I'm super excited for that
bye guys competition time so as I said
to you when all the stuff happened with
the app basically in my book competition
and things didn't go to plan
I wanted some oh I just got a text
message what was that I wanted some way
to vote or thought brother phone some
way to basically thank you guys and
still do the competition for sticking by
with it all so I said if you send in the
last page of the book basically on the
last page of my second book it says fill
this in send it in and there will be
some sort of competition so all of you
sent in your last pages and there is
literally like a whole box full and full
and like I can't even just a insane that
whole box is full of different people's
addresses and emails and everything so
basically
get back inside the box so basically
what I need to do is I need to pick ten
of you to win and come and hang out with
me okay so it's fair everybody who
entered the fun within the UK
isn't that you ready let me put this
down here I'm sorry if I don't get you
I'm literally just picking at random
within this massive pile all right I'm
gonna read your name out I'm not gonna
read your email and then blink the
publishers who are like helping me make
my book and everything like that I'm
gonna get in contact with you and send
you all the details of when and where
accepting to meet me okay so time to
pick ten of you out
oh these biloba out angle number one
this person here number two this person
here number three this person number
four there is so many this is literally
insane number by number six get right to
the bottom
oh my gosh it's so deep number seven
number eight is this you is it you
watching number nine and last one number
ten
right I'm sorry you guys you didn't win
I'm very sorry
one one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten all right so you guys
here are the ten winners okay let me
read your names out and I'm probably
going to pronounce all of your names
wrong because some of you have names
that I can't pronounce
mazie br√ºnnlitz braless Maisie born us
congratulations you and the winner
number one okay number two
Heidi Freeman Heidi Freeman if you watch
in we're gonna hang out we're gonna
spend some time together and chill I
don't know what we're gonna do we're
gonna do something fun
Zoe Zoe Bay champ literally her name is
Beauchamp that is a sixer named Zoe I
love it Zoe Bay champ
Jennifer fond or fan bond
Jennifer bond do you have one and I
hardly Smith and a hot Lee Smith
everybody we have got Mia or mayor oh I
don't have never seen this foe that way
mayor Ola Lynn ole or Lynn I don't know
your name I'm guessing you're watching
this and you'll be like are you kidding
me that's not how you pronounce my name
Mayo lawful in there I'm sorry I did
that without your name
Lily ox bar Oh Lily ox boy there we go
le radford two more people left Julian
Alex Magadan pack it in pack adenine I
don't even know last winner folded
vertically that raft is Beatrix for set
Beatrix Forsett congratulations you ten
are the winners so thank you so much
guys for sticking with me and just thank
you so much for understanding that the
app stuff didn't go to plan and it
didn't work out but we have our ten
winners and I'm so happy and I'm gonna
go guy can't even speak and then I spend
some time of you and hang out with you
guys for a day which is going to be
awesome some mom just rang me and asked
if I wanted to go to the gym and I was
like yeah okay when are we going fifteen
minutes she's picking me up 15 minutes
just chilling down there you just hang
it out you just hanging out hey bigger
one you should be you just hanging out
on the floor um yeah so mom's like you
know going to fifteen minutes which
means way more my gym clothes well
without my suitcase I was like ah I
don't have any gym clothes but I do I
want to start getting back into the gym
I was just talking on Facebook to a
personal trainer who can hopefully if
things work out for by free at the same
time and he does the right kind of
personal training that I want him to do
things like that then I might I might
get a personal trainer because I want to
take this thing just like go to the gym
more seriously and especially since I
lost weight after all my chest pains and
all of that stuff it's still haven't
turned hurts a little bit but not as
much so since I lost all that weight I
said all that weight as if I was like
hinge before and since that little bit
of weight that I did have I am I want to
start taking eating more seriously and
going to the gym and stuff and try and
get into really good shape
come on Missy do you needed the Twitter
I thought come on alright so I'm back
from the gym guys and I don't know
what's going on here what's happening
no I was happenin weren't you in bed
laughing you guys comfy look at that
listen anyone on YouTube and I don't
know how but I came of course I think
one of my friends put it on Facebook the
2010 Illinois State Fair hog-calling
contest so it's basically people calling
their Pig like come on boy come here and
a competition and I've literally never
laughed so hard I tweeted it to Marcus
you may have already seen it I'm about
to show Zoe and I want to film how
reaction see if she laughs this is what
it looks like yeah dude are you ready
Zoe so ready that's like my favorite
picture of you you ready shall I come
you or the screen I don't know I'll film
you arch up from the screen first then
going to you
the hog-calling always a woman
pickling competition I was pretty good
what are you ready what can you pay
calling competition there you go
no but you can't scream because it was
scared him she'll be late now you or
you're sick and guinea pig noises though
right let's do an oil according
competition honey oh you won already she
ran on your side I kind of just woke up
and it's 2 a.m.
knowledge asleep on the floor next to
the bed there Zoey's asleep and I felt
so tired which is good because I should
feel tied it's the middle of the night
here in the UK and I need to get used to
this time and not American time so I'm
glad them tired so I just put no load on
to bed and took it to the toilet just
brush my teeth from a braces in and
everything but I wanted to quickly end
the vlog so that you definitely had an
ending and it wasn't just left with
nothing so I hope you enjoyed the video
guys I hope you're as excited as I am
for the competition and I'm just so
excited to meet you guys all the details
as I said will be sent to you via email
so yeah that is it I hope you've had a
lovely day and I'll catch you tomorrow
or kind of technically today because
it's already 2:00 in the morning I'll
catch you tomorrow good night
