good morning guys
is that right too
later convince PO tired
he doesn't
have a nice flight really really smooth
and a few outsiders
check it out Hey
nice hair up snuck into Shauna puppies
at all seating area they've got their
own light the socket taking bed so I'm
insurance bed
can see inside that little
did you like that this is first on
propias flight like business with a fast
run at them
it's just it's just stupid
stupid
Prem's get given as well it's just crazy
trying on this
and she was over by my window taking
photos because it isn't insane
instrument agility because it goes my
blue to orange do you want to put it on
me now so I don't forgot to carry on
vlogging yesterday I literally got in
and I was I'm fine I'm wide awake
I'm gonna be apps that you find today
not jet lagged i sat on the sofa firstly
for four hours instantly but instantly
fell asleep Zoe was out busy having
meetings and stuff with Maddy Maddy
managed to stay awake and then I fell
asleep on the sofa though Zoe's mom was
also here literally slept the whole time
then we went over for dinner at my
parents and I was like guys it let's
watch pitch perfect one because I want
to see number two soon but I want to
watch number one tonight refresh my
memory started watching it and I fell
asleep the whole time and then last
night I fell asleep at like 12 o'clock
woke up at 8 o'clock this morning and I
was like okay I think I've got almost
sleeping out with me except for my
didn't daily vlog so I'm kind of filling
in the next day because I don't want you
guys not to have a vlog today although
the videos got to be up in like nine
minutes
so this vlog that you're watching is
probably a little bit late and I'm so
sorry it's because I'm filming it on the
day because yesterday I just crashed out
hard from jet lag so I thought I would
show you some things that Zoe did to the
house while stars a way to make it more
homely and more lovely let's start with
each room so in this room here
she got all I can't show you that thing
in tomorrow's vlog because that's from
tomorrow today oh and she got this here
which is like a nice little basket for
our throws nice and homely I really like
and then through here this she got this
which is like a nice little fruit bowl
it's really really cool and then I would
show you she put some pictures up in the
downstairs toilet in there but I can't
because the world's biggest mirror that
Zoe bought is in the way and if I move
that it's so heavy or probably break so
just imagine a nice couple of pictures
in there and then if we go upstairs and
here we've got a lovely little
quote now which she got like framed and
everything I put on the ball and then we
got some nice little mirrors on this
part of the wall over here this is like
a zoella house tour thing without zoella
does that make sense in here she got
this these little things put up which I
really really like it's basically lots
of nice no pictures oh and these ones
lots of nice little pictures on the wall
and stuff that's more or less what she's
done and then anything new in this room
Zoey yeah there is this one naps fix
everything which are absolutely love I
love how they like gold and like
metallic and stuff this little one here
and then the last book is this the last
room did you do upstairs I yeah I put
yeah oh you did - upstairs
yeah she's on the plane - Tania I put
two pictures on the way up oh yes you
did let me quickly show them and then
I'll show it in that room and then
there's these two little pieces of art
and I'll show you what they say as well
this one and this one I'll pause them
for a second so that you can read it
there's one right no okay there we go
we changed these lights in the wall so
why I said we Zoey did look how cool the
bulbs are and then this here this is my
favorite thing of all the doing up nurse
did somebody send these so one of you
guys sent these quotes and then Zoey got
it framed so this one says do more for
makes you happy little Alfie deyes just
say yes and then nice to have a little
quote nice anybody not bad and that's it
no and there's Zoey left on time say
hello Tom wave wait say hello now did
she wave no she did a typical time
you're probably dead she thinks she
doing right that's it the house tour
guys
I hope you enjoyed the reunited with Zoe
and Nala house tour that's what I'm
going to call this video whether you
didn't see not a where's she Nullah why
you under the bed hello no baby
there's Nala and that is my blog over
Ben won't go downstairs because I'm
probably gonna go back upstairs now to
edit it I'm sorry that it was a mismatch
and it was more of like a random little
showing new things around the house and
stuff like that but I just literally
locked out so hard yesterday from jet
lag but I'm back to normal today and I'm
vlogging today and that will be up
tomorrow so if you enjoyed the video
give it a big old thumbs up and I'll
catch you tomorrow good night
