good morning guys how ya doing today I
hope you'll get I hope you're really
really good I had a late waking up today
I because obviously we went to bed at
like half-past one or something last
night I woke up today at half past nine
which is late for me over here normally
I'm in the gym by 8 o'clock and I'm
awake by that half 7:00 but I'd have
really really nice lie in I'm currently
just editing the daily vlog trying to
get it all done because I've got to be
out at hopple oh my god okay I've got 45
minutes until my car picks me up to take
me to book on to do my book signing
today for you guys which means I don't
have enough time to go out for breakfast
so I've just ordered room service which
chicken bacon avocado with chips for
breakfast that was like on their
breakfast menu like normally I would
have chips and stuff for breakfast it
was also so expensive but this is the
most expensive room service I have ever
had that was $39 86 which is like 25
pounds 25 pounds for breakfast that is
just insane
so a bed of blooming enjoy it any all of
it up so today it's gonna be yet I'm
really really excited for it poppy and
Shawn are really excited they're coming
along as well Maddie is obviously coming
along and it's going to be cold I'm
finally all dressed and ready I'm also
20 minutes late as per usual but don't
worry guys I'm not late for my signing
I'm just late for my car didn't even
have a chance to eat my breakfast yet so
I'll just put it back in this thing got
my camera got on my bag
I'm so sorry for always being late I
don't know why I'm apologizing to the
vlog because I'm never late for you guys
I'm just late for people who I hang
around with I think it's just like a
lifestyle I continue and he can't help
it like today I've rushed as much as I
possibly could I didn't even eat my
breakfast and I uploaded my video and
I'm still late just right here now
until my shining begins time n for me to
stow everybody apparently from the other
side of these curtains
Danielle is the first person in the line
thank you so much for coming what time
did you get
and you got both birds
alright let's sign them
I'm living the Kyler guys and look what
she's got and I just signed it for her
now do you like it I haven't even got
one myself of this color I've only got
the other one
thank you so much for coming I hope you
enjoy the perks have a lovely day
bye the last people to the signing guys
yeah all say you know today and say why
did we say you have to say fact about me
yes I can open fights breaking score
like a teacher right oh cool I said
that's so go
and what oh that's cold
you got that was it stick like this show
I know you like always lovely thank you
so much for coming down have a nice day
and pecan is over that was so much bad
it was lovely meeting all you guys mayor
just finished an interview as well why
am i wearing jeans it is so hot I know I
should want shorts but we're going to go
for some food now
thank you thank you so much thank you
look at this guy's we kind of ordered a
lot of food as you guys I don't even
know why I ordered then we'll make your
settings one of the best things on the
menu I didn't even know it wasn't a lot
of that these three got turkey burgers
and then look at this as well that's an
Instagram waiting to happen
look at this scramble thin guys I have
no idea what it is
avocado scramble chorizo I have no idea
and this one it that looks like the best
thing on the table what is it like
banana bread banana french toast a
little market which looks lovely police
line do not cross NYP you do look at
this this is so cool never eaten
anything like this in New York before
no one in the UK just doesn't sick
things like this
there's playing roller hockey just just
casually just in the middle of here
after aimlessly searching for a juice
bar for like ten years we couldn't find
one I just googled one I basically asked
Siri and they found this place I think
it is one I'm not sure
time is like seven o'clock which is
really late obviously we ate quite late
so we're pretty full up so we're going
to jump now in a taxi and head back to
our hotel look at this so I'm just
getting ready to go out now in fact I've
been texting I forgot to tell you guys
I've been texting Joey Graceffa and
Connor Franta all over today so Connor
is out at the moment taking pictures of
New York typical Connor absolutely
amazing and photography and Instagram
and stuff I have just got already Oh
actually I need a jacket that reminds me
to go out for dinner
Joey is booked a table for me poppy and
Shawn in himself
to go out for dinner together which is
absolutely lovely I haven't seen Joey in
a couple of weeks
that's not even long a couple of weeks
and the last one we went out for dinner
together was a restaurant called towel
and now we'll go in there again tonight
how weird is that so I meant to be
downstairs in a couple of minutes let's
clap for dinner we are walking to tau
you guys have never been before have you
a member it's basically it's but will i
matching park so michael spots and you
at stripes that's embarrassing isn't it
it's basically like amazing I think it's
Japanese for you know you can get sushi
and stuff and you can get noodles and
things you guys saw the vlogs when I was
in New York two weeks ago like Louise
and Joe and Maddie and Joey and now
we're coming back and the time it's
currently half past ten I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to vlog in there
because I don't know if you're allowed
to film in there number one before is
really empty when I filmed but also it's
great
busy so probably won't hear me I'll film
if I can but I'm not too sure and Joey's
has the best fortune on ever
what is your site it says sex without
love is an empty experience
we secretly love look at this guy that
is one giant fortune for him
look at the view from the top of this
place we're just having some drinks guys
look at that that there it's the Empire
State Building how crazy is that it's
definitely not 3 a.m. or anything
Joey's left he's gone back to bed Empire
State Building
look at
guys I don't know how this has happened
we've just come out there and we're
getting in another limo to go home
Maddie what have you done mr. limo thank
you for the left bye guys we're getting
some hot dogs now are these the best hot
dogs in New York that's you mustn't
catch on Maddy
oh yeah you got mice and ketchup Maddy
that's your one I am all tucked up into
bed after a crazy
good night like literally one of the
best nights I've had in so so long I
went for dinner with Joey and poppy and
Shawn and then Maddie joined us and then
I also went out for drinks we met a
couple of other people as well and then
we randomly got in another like we were
joking earlier on today said oh it's
night if we go out let's get a limo home
or some quite lispy because I just hurt
my braces back in after eating tonight
and stuff we were joking about earlier
said if we got tonight let's get another
limo home because last night it was the
same price as a taxi and it was really
funny and you could like to stretch out
we're dancing to music and stuff and
then we literally come out the nightclub
tonight and we're walking out joking
about saying I let's get a limo and then
this guy genuinely comes up to us and
goes doing a limo and we're like how
much money and then therefore four of us
all the way back to our hotel and this
time it was long as well was $30 so like
18 pounds or something that's genuinely
cheaper than probably what it would have
been to get a taxi so we got one and as
you saw it was just funny like we were
just dancing the messing about in there
my gosh we're meeting downstairs at 10
o'clock tomorrow morning I think we're
gonna go get a manicure maybe a pedicure
as well I don't know manicure I bite my
so they're not the longest in the world
so I don't even know if I can actually
get one but I'm guessing they can just
like polish them or something I've never
had one before I know boys that have
them and really really like in it's just
like makes your hands neater and tidier
so I think I might try it tomorrow I've
never had one before never really even
thought about it or contemplated that
but yeah anyways I'm gonna end the book
now thank you so much for watching today
if you enjoyed it give it a big old
thumbs up I love love loved hanging out
with Joey Graceffa it was so much fun
seeing him and I I don't know I just
loved him he's just such a nice chap
isn't he
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow guys
thank you so much watching today I love
you so much thank you so much or the
sport today in New York my book signing
was so much fun and I loved me and all
of you guys sorry that I couldn't get
pictures I saw some of you tweeted me
the other day saying it's so unfair that
us people in the UK didn't get pictures
in your book signings and Americans do
and stuff like this it's not actually up
to me with my book signings about what
happens or happens like some of the ones
in here I've had in Toronto Boston
Atlanta has allowed pictures of you
because I pre signed but then for
example that today I wasn't allowed
pictures of you guys because the books
weren't pre-signed they were signed on
the day so it changes up I'm always
gonna try for you guys perhaps your best
to pre sign so that you can have
pictures and hug me and chat to me and
stuff as well as getting a signed book
that I'm not always the one in control
of events and things that's normally
bigger higher up people when I just
attend them thank you for watching guys
I love you so much and I'll catch you
probably like five hours or something
like that good night
