good morning guys it is currently
quarter to 5:00 in the morning I've had
four hours sleep and I'm just packing up
the last bits of the room right now how
are you doing it's an early start I
don't even know what to talk about I'm
so tired
geez all right it's currently my
sister's birthday today
via birthday flew her and her boyfriend
up to New York for a week I am now off
to New York to meet them let's celebrate
her birthday I just feel sat down
editing
I've got pins and needles from literally
my butt cheek to my toes my whole leg is
dead with pins and needles but we're
about to board the plane we'll just get
- we've landed guys that was a really
really good flight and I'm now trying to
washed in the taxi on the way to the
hotel trying to upload the daily vlog
for you it's got to be up in two hours
and five minutes and so far it's owned
this worth three hundred and fifteen
minutes left
not the best but we'll be at the hotel
soon I can continue the upload semesters
birthday today which is good
definite on the phone to her and we're
literally a couple of minutes away from
the hotel and she's there say changing
every day we've got bad day as yours is
wrong cause and we're just off the
breakfast and where is it I feel like
I've been here before
back in the day with Dawn Tanya Zoe a
mod person people one time at the end to
New York I think you might been when we
did that tour
yeah that's it that's the update we kind
of all ordered the same in food all
three of us thank you so much I ordered
this and then I also got a side of
sausages and these two got a side of
bacon
- - - I was literally watching this the
other day guys interesting guys I don't
know it's weird seeing something like no
I've never been to a dashing before and
I wasn't ehe watching that one the other
day with Zoey
but that exact store a couple of days
ago and now we were in it straight
Papias found some shoes which lights and
a dress
why not
because I just make you buy things yeah
but we're shopping on your birthday so
it's for a wedding and it's really like
turning around so they can see the
little it's got the string bits on that
they go around it it's like a bread
there we go in the tan and then your
little shoes
show them your little sandals nice nice
nice
it's going good so far the boys are
bought nothing pop the yes porco joke
it's your birthday it's your birthday
I'm joking okay I mean it kind of not so
just casually shopping guys look at that
and then over here as well as too
perfect we've got another diplomat bit
Hannah I'm grace I mean talk about
YouTube's taken over team Internet
absolutely killing the game look at that
I've found one top that I like in the
whole of Urban Outfitters and that's a
positive because normally I like
everything and then I want to buy
everything so we look at that guy's a
girl holding up go over there
look at this guy's that girl over there
it's just skating down the road five saw
buck drinks in her hand and a plant pot
she's running leather boots and she's
just skateboarding you don't get that
anywhere else up at the New York that's
just sick so called juice bar time
there's so much different choice I don't
know what to go for
and the Occident rush the mixed marriage
going to various languages that sounds
good
sea monster
- no there's so many all right let's
give this a go
I love that they do that little store
so much very delicious today I don't
even know if you can hear me I feel so
loud for your there's just so much noise
and now we're just gonna tail down the
yellow cab and then we're gonna go back
to the hotel my phone has run out of
charge as well so it's weird I call
refresh Twitter Instagram or anything
and I'm used to doing that like every
second of the day which is probably bad
it's strange not having a pro as well
right I am back I don't know the last on
my blogs but I'm back in my hotel room
I've checked into my room this is my
room for the next couple of days and
then I've got my bathroom in here which
are absolutely lovely it's the same as
probably Shawn's they're just like seven
floors above me yeah we are now out for
dinner to celebrate Prabhu's birthday
she booked a restaurant last night she
went there for breakfast the other day
and absolutely loved it so she booked it
for dinner for tonight I'm not quite
sure where it is I know that it's like
in the Chelsea part of New York so I
think we're going to jump in the taxi to
get there now this is what I'm wearing
because we're going out for dinner
afterwards so I'll go like black boots
black jeans and just like an oversized
little t-shirt on and stuff but I'm
excited I'm excited to go for dinner
because this place looks amazing I've
looked at their Instagram and yeah it's
probably bad day so that's super cool
I'm getting more and more and more
obsessed with Taylor Swift by the minute
I've just found out that she's currently
in New York and I've been looking at
like paparazzi pictures of her on Getty
and she is just beautiful isn't she
she's Taylor Swift I've just been
looking at images of her and listened to
her music and stuff like that was
getting ready oh my necklace has gone in
my pocket there we go right I'm gonna go
downstairs to the lobby now wait for the
other guys don't forget my room key
let's go for dinner it's the place that
we've got for dinner is called cook shop
apparently it's amazing looks crazy busy
so it must be good
I didn't know which cocktail to go
forthright retro glass of red wine
poppies got more snow cocktail like
ginger and something something delicious
and Sean's here is like one of the guys
he runs a social media and found out
that coffee in the attorneys phone when
a charge f7 for me Instagram dear intact
them and use our lights on mentioned it
was going through the roof so we just
ordered this for our Santa literally
just that and then he brought over all
these dishes and we're like no no no no
these aren't us these aren't ours right
now is it intro birthday is their
popular which one say thank you so much
you mentioned us online in spam that
Twitter stuff so they've just given us
one of every starter thank you so much
look at it
everyone I showed you outside what it
was called look at all of this
amazing come and visit here guys
I wish the lighting was better guys to
show you how this actually don't expect
this is much again my site they gave us
some more free asparagus bobby's what's
that lamb meat low and then short what
is that it's a mixed grill a mixed grill
this place is an amazing
thank you so much little page with
candles in air without you this place is
the best
yeah and then we've also got these tube
fittings as well this one is meant to be
mine it is like the biggest thing I'm
already so full up so we finished in a
guys that was absolutely amazing and
it's 11 o'clock at night it's pretty
late I woke up low for me I won't go
before 5 days so now we're trying to
decide what can we do this fun hobby
that day and I think the Empire State is
fun and she hasn't done it before so I
think we need to get a taxi to the
Empire State and go up there areas guys
up there hello
it's gone damn it
just the insiders rise sick look all of
this
it's amazing I wish the built buildings
like this in the UK here we go guys here
we go building piranhas
by finally after two left's got to the
observation deck at these snazzy stairs
check out the blue skies this is
absolutely nuts it's also silent is
there it's like no sound at all it is
crazy
look at this
yo'ii that is just nuts
how crazy is this
so you just don't realize how many
buildings that idea I look that's just
one little section in my camera it's
just insane yeah but you can really see
like the grid effect ring up here cuz no
buildings and roads in the UK like grids
like this blow guys as we're leaving
there's like the Hall of Fame the vamps
are on there what the hell that is crazy
Richard Branson polymers for this white
guys this limos just told me that is $10
each let's go hi guys so we just came up
with their empire state and there's some
million Mo's outside they're offered us
a lift I don't quite know why I've no
idea what's going on guys boys up there
this is I lift back to the hotel casual
oh yeah here we go thank you so much
thank you children I am gonna end the
vlog now it has been such a long and
successful day I travelled from far to
New York and now I'm here and I thought
I was gonna fall asleep
super early tonight not be able to go
out for dinner and stuff because
obviously I woke up a like half past
4:00 this morning and I went to bed last
night at like 1:00 o'clock in the
morning so I literally had like four
hours sleep Slits you 22 minutes past
1:00 and I had such a nice celebration
with my sister for her birthday and the
last bit with the limo is pretty crazy
I'll explain what actually happened if
it wasn't it wasn't very clear basically
I tweeted a picture when I was up at the
top of the Empire State Building and of
the view then a load of you guys were
waiting at the bottom for when I came
down and on some pictures and chatting
with some of you and even some people's
like dads came and their children were
in the UK like texting their dads like
Alfie the Empire State Building then
like somebody's dad ran from a local
area to get a signature of his daughter
and stuff it was so sweet and anyways
then something bitches over you guys and
then as we went to go and get into a
yellow cab just like a normal taxi there
was two limos there and one of them was
just like get in get in get in and also
it's like this isn't my limo and it was
like come on get in get in like a taxi
and I was like I don't even know where
the door is it was like the doors at the
back also how much is it he was like $10
each and I was like okay well I've got
quite distance anyway I was like where
and he was like anyway you want $10 each
and there was me probably insurance was
like $30 that's 20 UK pounds to go
anywhere I want in New York so I was
like I gained 20 pounds just drop me
back at the hotel and then we got in we
sat down those like waters there and
drinks and you like turn the volume way
up like a party and then we're just like
riding around in a limo back to our
hotel for 20 pounds it was like that's
the price of how much the tax you would
have cost so it was crazy we just got a
limo home
don't even know today has been blooming
amazing if you enjoyed it guys give it a
big ol thumbs up just click that thumbs
up button let's try and get 25,000
thumbs up for Poppy's birthday that is
your task only poppy insurance links to
their like Instagram and Twitter down
below go follow them on both of them
they've both uploaded like crazy good
pictures from New York whilst they're
here so you will enjoy them I've got a
book signing in like 11 hours so I need
to get some sleep I'm super super
excited for I believe that Connor Franta
and Joey and a couple of other people
that may marie and grace i think that
there's it there's probably more I
haven't actually looked at the website
myself on who else is going but that's
what I've heard from you guys so I will
probably be seeing a load of youtubers
tomorrow in tomorrow's vlog so I'll
catch you then thanks so much watching
guys I'm not even that tired to be
honest I should be I need to go to sleep
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
