good evening guys good evening how you
doing if you saw yesterday's blog you
will know that this is the second half
all know they come about to is running
out already and the video is only just
beginning this is the second half of a
two-part vlog the first part was
yesterday the second part is today it's
past 5:00 p.m. in the evening the video
has just gone live it's time to carry on
carry on with the day while you wait in
there is it because you want this is it
because you want your dinner is that why
I'm currently live right now on YouTube
to 3,000 people everyone say hello if
you want other my phone's a little bit I
feel like we've just got no charge today
no need to my camera run out of charge
and now my phone's run out of charge and
my laptop's run out of charge we also
have no food in the fridge to charge me
to give me more energy we have perfeito
rolls cocktail sausages strawberries I
could go food shopping but 8:30 in the
morning we've got food shop arriving
like being delivered to the house I
don't know what to do for dinner
I don't want to take away this is so
weird my vlog is like one minute into
the vlog and we're talking about
takeaways and dinners you're this is
weird guys I don't know we're gonna try
out with Missy we're gonna try makeup
for the day
yeah both of us are aren't we tell
everyone how long you slept yesterday I
fell asleep at about 6 p.m. on this
morning Zoey's left for 13 and a half
hours more bits in between no it may be
like 10 minutes at a time you said that
13 hours you must have been nothing I've
ever done in my life
I think I'd wake up more tired because I
overslept were you online shopping at
the top that's cool isn't it
it's got like oh yeah the gender sign I
feel like sometimes they say shop this
outfit oh yeah
although you never put clothes in the
basket or no sauce if you're browsing
because you only get 60 minutes and it
all disappears like that you see before
I always press save and then I go into
my saved items and I just wash them all
in just turn into a chilled TV evening
we just ordered a Domino's and we sat
down and we're currently about to watch
bad habits and holy orders which is many
young women Britain are embracing
culture of drink casual sex and
self-obsession kind of course of quiet
spirit to all complete contemplation and
giving up the trapping of mortal life
I miss the rest of it basically people
who like to go clubbin and have casual
sex and drink loads go and live with
some nuns
when none of that is allowed I think
it's going to be just a shock to the
nuns how other people can live so
extreme like she said she's never taken
a selfie compared to how shocking it is
going to be for those people go in and
live in with the nuns in the nunnery if
that makes sense
every day and then we also got ice cream
and dips Ben and Jerry's cookie dough
but like a switch-up one dunno what that
means I'm happy yeah
tuna sweet corn and spinach on an
Italian base so it's super thin this is
actually pretty good you know they're
being quite respectful one there so far
they really like respecting each other
yeah they're so lovely
jacuzzi how jealous I have jealous I got
Nala Zoey and then so he went up with
him to get the ice cream so I stole her
stay up here ice cream you did so he
leant forward gave me a spoon and then
put the lid on the side and Nala went
and sniffed the lid and then laid down
okay
how jealous she got into your space when
you left it as an insult would you meet
I sat forward to have some more ice
cream and she came back to cuddle me I
love you just made my pop having a
cuddle you know being my little dog over
there by yourself you ready do I look
like I'm ready how the Lighting's
already good is it I like it
no it looks hairy um misty is your lens
dirty you know better so I should just
clear some things up with you first this
is the following day as you can probably
guess to confuse you further with what
the hell day is that you're watching
this the blogs are back to normal
tomorrow stop saying that they are but
they are back to normal tomorrow never
talked about it no one would expect them
to be normal okay
tomorrow's vlog is just one day that's
all I'm saying this vlog is a couple of
days I mash together because I stupidly
split into two and then I messed up but
you know what at least there's a video
and it's gonna be a good one because
what's that happen it's something that I
came up an idea yesterday
I love times on YouTube i buy things
that i think are gonna be really really
fun in videos i then don't use them as
soon as i get them for some reason
people upload i had the idea and upload
doing it and also i bought that ages ago
i could have done that before everyone
else this is a prime example of that
that I just have put off doing because
everyone did it after I bought them I
found online
some drunk buster goggles so these are
goggles that when you put them on you
shown even a vlog like a year ago didn't
you I don't even know I think you did
basically I bought these because what I
was going to do there's a fun set of
challenges with them it was going to be
for like my pointlessblog channel so
I've got two sets and I was gonna have
like I was gonna buy go-karts and stuff
like that and like
test-driving and like trying to do like
driving around and stuff we've the
modern obviously not what's the actual
Road yeah that's a little go-kart in the
garden and stuff and see like what the
effect of drunk driving is and like try
and play your gender and stuff like that
every single youtuber Under the Sun
started buying these and doing that so
one thing I haven't seen online that
we're gonna do today is I'm gonna try
and as always make up drunk like these
these ones here have we got the
paperwork I don't know where I put it
um when you've got these on you are
totally wasted a BAC of 0.26 to 0.35
misses yeah you can get cannibus ones
tired tired ones redeye LSD and ecstasy
the basically you can get one two three
four five different levels of drunk
goggles
these are level number five orange try
chemo
try them on to see what they look like
you just can't like feel where your arms
are kind of thing oh let me just show an
example throw that from one hand to the
other not really high that's how drunk
were talking guys we're not talking like
these are these aren't made up this is
like they look like ski goggles I'm
saying we don't need foundation because
I'm going to just concealer on it on
your few little blemishes get that dog
hair off of you and then some concealer
I'll just I'll just cover the first and
bronze there's some there's a coily lip
kit here I think lipstick oily lipstick
and would you see what happens you know
I think trying to avoid the eyes but you
will actually blind me oh my god no I
don't like this I on it like my arms
feel like they're like one try and kiss
me I've got one I can't see which one
you are
there's
you trying kiss me shocked me so much
okay I kind of feel like I need
concealer I'm not even gonna be able to
find in them that drunk okay honestly I
feel that everyone's just gonna think
we're making this up and these are just
like sea eagle no I promise trust me
like this this is crazy he gay I
wouldn't bow patents cuz I didn't know
where to arm is in the butt hey wait
what do I blend in wave you got anything
spongy guy okay yes everyone's Oh II try
to do my makeup as well give the video a
thumbs up we can do that in tomorrow's
vlog or something if I get it in your
wall you think put it on my blemishes oh
my literally just looking up it under my
eyes
I know I can see you I thought there was
like another foot until you're faithful
I didn't think I was gonna touch your
face okay oh my god this is so I want
that blemish there that one oh my gosh I
put on a lot I can't even see where your
blemishes are under the eyes I'm just
guessing someone your nose don't open
your eyes what if I poke you they are
open I mean you didn't quite why do we
go and you get us bungee on this is all
good this is why you don't drink
trust me being drunk is not like this
well if it is at least it feels fun like
this just makes me feel crazy
I don't so you're probably so wasted at
that point that you don't really know
what you feel like do you know I think
I've done it all what are we on to knit
let me see your face let me see what we
need what we why I've come with some
bronzer I think wrong we'll just
straight on your face yeah I didn't even
know people do that by like I feel like
I'm not underwater I don't even know how
to do this like without these on by this
yeah
yeah lot that's good like painting your
face I don't even know where to look for
the camera I'm just based in this way
and smiling that's not so strange smell
it was to my face I let you sniff in the
sniffing yeah like yes I don't feel sick
I mean a date but what what I've done is
I've put a little bit it's a liquid but
I'm not even sure yeah I know I put this
on the back of my hand which is what
I've done for you I'm gonna give you the
courage that rush
my boys are for my brows so you need to
dab it in this and then you need to fill
in my brows brush in the world you see
it that's it that's a lot dab it dab it
a little bit I can't see what I'm doing
good luck in why all my guys looking at
your face feel like it might be my I
might be easier just do my eyes closed
no you need to have the moment that's
the whole point
are you actually being as gentle as you
get like as precise as you can honest
but people do this bit like that don't
they I can see your other eyebrow now
you don't have one
oh my god
and one of my eyes I'm on your eyebrow
that other I am NOT on your eyebrow I
can't even see if I'm touching your
eyebrow well you definitely had one that
you can see better than this I think
this is so right you're ever going on a
night out do your makeup before you
start drinking this is a lesson that why
is something touching me
oh that your hands your hands look over
there what is that do your makeup before
you get drunk if you're going on and I
are favoring it I don't know how close
you are
oh my gosh
open it oh my god this tickles so pretty
much I'm concentrating so hard right now
oh my god
and one of my eyes I'm light on your lip
and the other one I'm not touching you I
think that's done yeah oh my gosh yo
that eyebrow yeah you you need to really
get this eyebrow very well the lips
aren't too bad I mean you got this side
all right the concealers all right the
bronzers not very great here I would
rate that a six out of ten but at least
if we were on a night out and you were
that drunk and I was drunk maybe you
don't drink it wouldn't matter are you
gonna drink that no I do not
don't do my makeup yeah go on then okay
tomorrow's vlog so he's gonna do my
makeup guys if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already down below link to merch down
below and then yeah I'll catch you catch
you tomorrow I feel weird bye hungover
see you later
