good morning guys today I thought I
would film some of my vlog on this
little camera instead now I know some of
you don't like the audio as much but
within some fun cool outside stuff now
I'm running extremely late for some
reason to be spied into and everyone
would look at that look at that how sick
is that I thought it was a bit smart at
the data book today rather than last
night which means that the internet was
slow of course I'd use my phone public
approximately 12 million pounds and
we're now any other positive now off to
on a safe way to talk I've never been on
a Segway before so I'm super super
excited hopefully we ever miss set time
so I don't even have a clue what time is
you guys
guys to kind of want to buy a Segway
right now I mean this is so sick look at
this that's so comfortable and they're
so fast you guys know how lazy I am this
is like the best thing in the world for
me so you just saw for a little break a
popsicle place where people make
homemade popsicles and we're like some
awesome little Park this is Scott how
much doing a Segway right now yeah I
really wanna buy one but I do feel lazy
like just let me were past that man who
had like a protein shake just come out
of the gym and outside that should be me
it's got a twist gainer the house is on
this road crazy right so typical
marriage and I look at this house here
like what
finish up a Segway tour which was
absolutely awesome had so so much fun
and
Starbucks quick-change Eclipse and now
I'm back after lunch don't know where
we're going yet I left it down to Maggie
to decide and the time is maybe chat the
time for you I've no idea 139 139 and
I've got my signing at 6 and I also want
to try and have a shower before my sign
name just because I didn't get one this
morning I had a shower last night
but I didn't have a chance to have one
this morning and we're right where we
going to lunch
it is cool
Wow look at that this is sick
so they brew their own beer is there and
what's it is a zipper noise like that
I just asked it to get me a private
whichever one she thinks I'm like and no
even that much of a beer person
that's what I should know
now I could just drink that so easily
and then this is another little taste
wow that one's like so not so much that
wine
thank you so much anything else to you
guys this is going to look ridiculous it
looks like I've just eaten and now I'm
eating again but it has been about an
hour in between which I know isn't isn't
the most time ever but I didn't eat much
breakfast today and he had that like
popsicle lollipop thing and half a
banana because I was rushing and editing
and uploading for yesterday's daily vlog
which meant I missed a meal and at the
moment I'm trying to put on as much
weight as possible because my chest pain
meant that I lost some weight so I've
just ordered myself a second lunch I
have got bottle of water with a lovely
little bucket thank you glass the tap
water as well thank you very much oh
wait no it's not that's just ice that's
for that and some chicken tenders so
much and some chips oh my god ha ha oh
crap oh right I'm all changed I'm ready
to go to the signing we're gonna have
another cheeky Starbucks I mean I don't
know why to be cheeky it's not cheeky
and we're just gonna grab another
Starbucks now just a little bit warmer
got some jeans and a shirt and stuff on
now because it's raining outside he's
framing earlier on it was so sunny but
so lucky magic we had the Segway tour
now in the afternoon oh my gosh yeah we
have that so lucky
now in Barnes & Noble and in the back it
has a forum on how to show you how to
wash your hands for a member of staff
just in case you've ever wondered I
don't know anyone who ever washes their
hands like that
so the competition winners for today is
Samantha inky Lynn hello Samantha hello
hey was brought a selfie stick now I've
never really let's do it let's try it
out see I'm that person that's always
liked by I'm never gonna get a selfie
stick is this gonna make me want to get
one no my dad got it for me I was like
thanks dad is there any cold yes it's so
cool my sister loves it because now she
doesn't have to ask people to take
photos maybe I need one in my life one
alright here we go oh my gosh that's
sick that's so far away okay we're like
so far away in the picture wait let me
put my camera away is everyone gonna try
it
yeah have you guys had them before
boys
this kind of looks like Java Java
penguin yeah do you know a penguin is
have you had one that looks like a
penguin
it smells that one too this is a big one
isn't it
you have to do is eat that end and then
drink through it and then it goes like
soft and yummy with em down
that's the name is penguin yeah yeah but
it's even better if you go you know we
don't have anything I've got some what
upon being greedy it's about to begin
first people are just coming in now
ready are you doing you're the first
person thank you so much for coming
okay guys the day that these videos goes
up live today it's Madison birthday so
how do you have to Madison
are you having a good birthday I can say
that but because tomorrow this will be
about it when it goes up you having a
good day
yes where are the others my meet and
greet which was absolutely oh my gosh hi
girls I got a bucket of ice here just
melt in I do not want that to like go
everywhere should put it here somewhere
where I I know that it's back that time
I was poor away might not know but and
that was actually amazing so thank you
so much to everybody who came it was
lovely getting to meet you guys and then
something that quite that was quite
funny that happened when I was there
awesome my room is a mess I know and
when I was there when I was having my
lunch break in the middle or not lunch
at dinner break in the middle I had a
little sandwich somebody called up the
store saying no I'm half an hour away
was stuck in traffic
I'm so sorry will I please still be able
to meet Alfie and it was at like half
past 7:00 so it was already like an hour
and a half after the mean greet started
and then I was like wait wait keep them
on the phone or when I was it's I really
want the phone and I was okay of course
don't worry I'll wait for you and then
I'd finish the meet-and-greet but they
still hadn't come it was a girl called
jazz and her mum and her little brother
a little sister and they still hadn't
arrived yet so I made it one way and
made the police wait the photographers
wait everybody wait there for this
little girl and her mom and her brother
and sister to arrive and then about 20
minutes after finish they arrived so I
had like pictures and chatted with them
and they were so pleased that I waited
because they got stuck in traffic and
they were driving for so long but it was
lovely getting to meet them and just
everybody was just so positive and
supportive and just lovely and loved
American people so much they're just so
happy and friendly oh my gosh I don't
want to leave look at this view I know
I've shown you guys like ten million
times
but look at that but anyways now I'm off
to the gym with Maddie because I think
it's only like half past eight or
something but I feel quite over ten
minutes to nine I feel quite awake I'm
really really good so I'm just gonna put
my phone on charge now and then we're
off to the gym to work out
yeah
yeah
comfort
ya know I let you into the farm I
finished up the gym I did 5k which is
pretty good for me I did it in 27
minutes which is the best I've ever done
I've never tried to do something like
that before I mean I know it's not
amazing 25k but 5k it's 5k and I'm
pretty happy with it I've just got back
had some more food and just tidy the
room basically because I'm leaving at
like 4:00 in the morning so I've packed
all my bag there and I've got like all
your letters and everything guys like
all in these bags tucked up in there
don't worry I'm keeping them all and
then I've got all my food that I haven't
eaten over there and then I've got all
my stuff for tomorrow some snacks from
you guys
protein shake banana bits and bobs
clothes socks I'm basically ready to go
which is really really good for me now
I've got one thing that I want to do
just before I end the vlog and this is
jungle bubbles somebody one of you guys
gave this to me today
jungle bubbles they bounce float fly
they magically filled the sky there we
go that is what they do it includes a
bubble - a bubble blower a bubble
solution one pair of magic gloves okay
maybe this is more complex than what I
thought maybe I'll leave it for my for
when I get to New York because it's
already 12 o'clock at night and I've got
to be up I'm going to put it in my case
down there I've got to be up in
literally four I leave in four hours and
42 minutes holy crap that is like no
sleep for me tonight and I need to edit
this blog I've switched beds because I
made the other one so messy by having
everything on it and then I spilled
ketchup in the bed as well when I was
eating the chicken earlier so switch
beds luckily I've got two so this one I
haven't slept in so far so it's going to
be so so comfy tonight man I'm so tired
I need to get some sleep I'm gonna end
the vlog if you want to see me do the
bubbles in another video they bounce
they fly they filled the sky then give
the video a thumbs up as usual to let me
know that you enjoyed it as well
I will see you in literally four hours
that's kind of weird is now see you in
four hours anyways thank you so much
watching guys thank you so much for
having me Atlanta it was absolutely
amazing
and I had so so much fun and you guys
are just awesome thank you to Barnes and
Noble for sorting out everything on this
trip so far it has been amazing it has
gone so smoothly
and my hair looks crazy look at that oh
my gosh look at that quick game look at
it anyways right I'll get you in four
hours oh my gosh I'm so tired I'm like
you know when you go past tired and then
you just go a little bit crazy that's
what I'm doing now I basically need to
sleep I'll catch you tomorrow
technically it's already tomorrow now
that's I'll catch you in a few hours
good night
