good morning guys how we doing the time
is like stupid o'clock I look like a
mess basically at two and a half hours
sleep last night and now I'm off to the
airport
Wow oh I'm not even press the wrong
floor I pressed for three were on floor
three oh my gosh
I am so tired literally feel like I just
went blinked and woke up again
and I'm at my hotel room which is
awesome I've got two double beds for
some reason this is the view hello
Atlanta don't know that building is
probably something of importance you
guys think you know what it is
this hotel is absolutely crazy staying
at the Marriott hotel and one section
should get my room key Lukas
I just went to bought a banana and a
Starbucks Bossk and from different
places whilst getting my banana
I left my Starbucks in the banana shop
but it's not behind a shot that shot the
s√°mi banana this here look all right
I'm gonna put the wrist strap on my
camera look at this view
this is inside the hotel I'm on the 18th
floor
look at that lift going up how crazy is
this it looks like I'm in prison
like I think it's really cool when I
like it but it does kind of look like a
prison look look up there it just goes
all the way up oh my gosh you're scary
it's scary right and it's going to get
my call I'm refresher I feel really good
I slept for I don't actually know how
long the flight was because I just slept
that entire time but as soon as we took
off as soon as that Simon that you
forgot I see I just put the table thing
down in front of me into slept right now
okay Bobby let's go with lol owner that
means the lower-middle hey Krystal three
of them something will work out yeah
there it is that's lucky isn't it still
there alright got my drink now got my
banana
but banana is only a snack because I
haven't had breakfast yeah and the
restaurant done there what wasn't really
restaurant it's like a little shop you
saw it was where I left this only so
banana or chicken salads but the chicken
salad didn't look too good so basically
I bought banana to have for now until
one minute working I leave this just
will open the door oh my gosh imagine if
I knock that over there hmm
that would be the worst thing in the
world yeah basically just bought a
banana so they can eat that until room
service survives oh please no don't do
this to me bath you honestly thought I'd
we're gonna do this whoo
yes made it one she thought I deactivate
the Kiwi next to my wallet he hotel keys
do that
hi there how are you doing could I order
some of the most delicious chicken
tenders you have oh I am early on I I'm
an hour early I didn't realize okay
that'd be amazing thank you so much we
could do that just realize I'm an hour
early guys have forgot how early my
flight was it's only 1009 and they don't
start serving food until 11:00 ah thank
you so much does it come with fries if
that's possible that would be amazing
perfect thank you so much for the help
have a nice evening but why don't you
say evening why did I do that sometimes
I just say things I didn't even think
about that
I just told that woman have a good
evening it's 10:00 11:00 in the morning
and my food has arrived it is all tucked
away in here don't do the door we got
some fries which look awesome wow that
was heavy
they've got two plates and then under
here we got mad chicken want the camera
straps in the way there we go everybody
has said to me like literally everybody
when you come to Atlanta you have to
have fried chicken now obviously I know
the hotel isn't going to be the best
place to get fried chicken but I thought
you know what I may as well start this
up straightaway and get some fried
chicken I've also got an hour so I need
to leave oh my gosh that was delicious
thank you
so just got to the Barnes and Nobles in
Atlanta and I'm so tempted to buy this
4x4 guys not even a 3x3 if I might be
able to solve it would take me slowly
long and I've just finished shining up
600 bucks
after the 1000 or 1500 that I'm gonna do
today and now it's time for a lunch
break which of course a Starbucks I kind
of already fared the healthy eating on
one of these this is the same yesterday
which was delicious and a banana bye
guys I couldn't help it it's even warmed
up oh my gosh triple chocolate brownie
so I've just finished all of my signing
for today ready for tomorrow we've got
four layers deep all of this all of
those and we've got another one three
layers deep one of that and then I
started a load of first book loads more
the first clips as well for you guys
just in case you weren't signed on to
them thank you
my tea look up it's so horrible look at
that oh my gosh that's so scary of
looking at the spar menu in the room I'd
kind of just book to 80-minute stone
massages hot stone massages and my
absolute favorite so I just booked
Maddie one with a woman and me one with
a man because the trip has been full-on
we woke up at 3:00 in the morning we've
been signed a lot of lychee signed today
like over a thousand and a half books
and then a couple of days ago so on over
a thousand half books my arms ache my
hands ache I'm tired and I just want to
relax oh I'm so excited for this massage
but what it does mean is that I'm going
to leave my camera here wants to go and
get it done and I'll see you after the
massage so I'm back from my massage
which was absolutely amazing I'm always
the one in massages to fall asleep I
don't know why I think it's just because
I'm so relaxed that I'm just like and
just sleep so basically I was awake for
like 15 minutes or so it felt like 15
minutes obviously I don't actually know
how long some hi it's close enough space
and down and then I woke up with him
going okay I'm ready to do the ready to
turn over now and then I was like right
I'm gonna stay awake for this bit I'm
gonna really like just enjoy it I'm
gonna think about stuff like deep things
and just like relax also look how just
amazing this view is I've just been
sitting it all day like this whenever
I'm in my hotel I've just been like
eating lunch Ernie just sitting looking
at this view it's just absolutely crazy
and anyways yeah and then he was like a
turnover sorry I'm gonna stay awake now
I'm gonna stay awake and I'm gonna enjoy
this fell asleep
fell asleep again I mean I stayed away
for most of it I did I did it I feel
like I stayed awake for most of it but I
don't actually know because I don't know
what the time scale was like I've got my
Harvard D shirt on now and it's a little
bit creased from being inside my case
but oh well
what was that did you guys hear that
genuinely think it was a motorbike no
definitely wasn't a motorbike what the
hell was that Wow well that doesn't
sound safe does it so Maddie and I are
about to go for dinner now there's a
couple of Haute couple of hotels in our
hotel couple of hotels a couple of
restaurants in our hotel because it is
massive also you guys have just been
tweeting me letting me know that
apparently Hunger Games one of the
Hunger Games films so part of it was
filmed in this hotel didn't know that I
will never look tonight the images and
then compare it because that's awesome I
love the Hunger Games so much but yeah I
think I'm ready to go ready to go for
dinner my phone is charged and this is
the best thing that I've ever bought in
my life oh not that lamp this it's like
a tiny little like American adapter just
got it from Urban Outfitters and it's
just so good so good only one when I was
in the book shop I bumped into one of
you guys who was just casually book
shopping and it was really really nice
having a chat and getting a picture and
everything I'm sorry I can't remember
your name told me to go to a hotel
comment what the hotel was called but
basically it like the top of it spins
around whilst you in the bar so I think
me I'm not even gonna go for dinner now
and then we're gonna go to this bar
later on in now in the rest in the hotel
and the bar as you're sitting there
spins around so you can see a view of
the whole city which just sounds put him
in awesome I think I'm I have to change
my shirt it's just a little bit too you
can't really see it because it's quite
dark but it's just a little bit too
crease to wear which is a shame because
I wanted to wear this today so I'm gonna
quit he changed my top and then I'm
gonna go in kind of healthy issue meal
guys I mean I've got a lot of dressing
and chicken on there
probably not the healthiest chicken but
slightly because I ordered a salad for
dinner I thought I would try to be
healthy an input actually I want to put
on weight at the moment off to all my
chest stuff I lost so much weight that I
want to put on weight so I bought
there's no point being held like an eat
healthy but I still want to eat a lot of
calories so I had a healthy dinner and
then now I'm gonna have an unhealthy put
it to level out and this just looks
absolutely amazing I haven't tried it
yet and then me
tribe it's like an M&M
oh my god
look at that this is awesome
fights with the bar that moves it's been
our luck
goodbye Maddy look at it it's moving
along so you sit down here you get a
drink and then it spins around the whole
building so that you gradually see
everywhere how cool is that that's our
hotel over there
so I just ordered a vodka and sprite and
they've given me I've drunk a bit of it
but is literally straight vodka it
doesn't taste like this so directly I
was just like
thanks America
we're just walking back now and it's
literally so warm I can't even wear my
jacket like I'm uncomfortably hot what's
the time like ten o'clock eleven no it's
not
I've still got to edit and upload this
video and then Maddie thinks we're going
to the gym tomorrow morning a half 7:00
and you're gonna go and then we got a
Segway tour tomorrow at 10 o'clock good
chunk sucks I don't know ever more
excited to go on a Segway or and more
excited to see Maddie fail on a Segway
oh look at this
Maddie on the Segway is probably going
to be quite similar to imagine Thalia
bear on a Segway that kind of thing so
great absolutely amazing
I am absolutely knackered like just so
tired as fact I don't know why but then
I realize it's probably because this
morning I got up at like 3 o'clock I got
up so early this morning
it is ridiculous I think it was today
anyway was it today yeah I flew to
Atlanta today and then I signed with the
books and then I did everything I did
you guys have already seen it there's no
point me explaining what I did today
because you've already seen it yeah I
don't really know what server then I'm
ending the blog now I hope you enjoyed
it today tomorrow morning I am off to do
a Segway tour really earlier which is
gonna be awesome I'm so I've never been
on a Segway before so I am super super
excited for that and then I've also got
my book signing in the evening and yeah
that is it so thanks for watching today
if you enjoyed it you know did it give
the video a thumbs up as always and yeah
that is that I'll catch you tomorrow
morning guys good night
