good morning guys how ya doing how are
you actually doing comment down below
from one to ten how you are feeling I'm
genuinely interested today is a lovely
day another lovely day and found out
this morning that the building opposite
just over there don't know why you can't
see it was the coming up folks and there
we go is a office block like I can point
into a woman I can see a woman in there
now working I was walking around him of
him naked today she probably saw
everything so I feel sorry for her
today Oh flip my little screen down and
today I have got my Boston book signing
which I'm so so excited about I've met
you down for breakfast
my watch is on it hasn't stopped working
I thought my what your start working
then just turns out on that plate
I just makes me to have breakfast 36
minutes ago
and then we're meant to be leaving half
now after breakfast so I'm five minutes
late
plus I miss breakfast I am the absolute
worst right I need to get going get my
bag oh my gosh it's heavy I've got my
laptop in it today and it's like the
world's heaviest bag my signing isn't
until 6:00 p.m. tonight but we're just
going to head out I think we might be
going to Harvard University would you be
awesome if I could quickly get a degree
because I don't have a degree
didn't go to university so I can do with
one of them so we are officially on the
Harvard campus over here is where you
can get official Harvard jumpers I want
to get one later on and so you Maddie
and then this here Cordoba we're about
to go is actual Harvard
I already feel smarter dyou I literally
feel so knowledgeable it's insane
kind of a little bit like Harry Potter
one of our aims of coming to America was
to get a hard the jumper happy this is
the place to go
that's so sweet
that's really really nice look at that
you guys making little roses and he just
says for free have a nice day be happy
yeah
that's so sweet soon finished up in
Harvard got all my tire I got a t-shirt
Maddie got t-shirt the jumper when a
stock top Starbucks or I call I'm
refresh then I've also got this because
I haven't really had a proper breakfast
so I just kind of a cookie
this is I one of those things the cows
go yeah
all right guys this man over here has a
kite don't even know if you can see it
from up here somewhere let me try and
zoom in vo it might let me take off my
sunglasses it might be a bit shaky
alright let's find out right do you see
that kite there guys right now let me
zoom out stay looking at it stay looking
at it and now he is all the way down
here in a wheelchair with it on the end
of a fishing rod is literally got a guy
on a fishing rod that's the sickest
thing I've ever seen yes oh man I love
it that's so cool I love that it's so
cold look at these little Strongbow
they're so cool
he was so happy with Segway look at his
socks
he is happy old bin I probably going to
kill me for not knowing but apparently
this is a famous from a TV show good
Cheers
is that right yeah now you put a
singsong oh I don't know I have never
seen it
oh my gosh I am so tired just like
absolutely exhausted I think every time
now I don't get too jet-lagged when I'm
in America it's just every time I eat
afterwards I'm like oh I need a nap
I bought two new books today I don't
know if I showed you them no but I
bought my Harvard jumper these are the
two books they bought number one 101
things I learn at business school I
thought that was cool is fun little like
two random facts about business and then
I also bought science in seconds which
is lots of cool things about science
they can learn in a couple of seconds
just to like take on journeys or planes
and stuff with me right I'm now going to
edit a new Sims video for you guys so
I'm going to get doing that and then I
have got 2 hours and 20 minutes mm 19
minutes until my book signing begins so
I need to get edited are you doing now
after my book signing and hopefully
there's one three of you there
thanks for then it's a book signing now
got oh here we go
piece score with me
so this as well happen I'm actually
having money to are in a Starbucks like
legit in a Starbucks and they've got
this point but all the photos being
taken review guys with this buy because
you know three signed reader books
yesterday so that today we can have hug
from each and everything instead and
this is going behind how sick is that
and with the five contest winners these
guys here
hi Odom what are your names I mean and
what would your names right me mave says
that's just a YouTube channel do you
guys need to check outside
what is it video the three video sisters
there we go just that soft person to you
ready all right
Oh guys didn't even have it on video
there we go get it's a guy action
interview time go I need you city oh
wait what doubling to be going on it's
very serious very isn't okay boy this
one too which is users that very house
its second plug all right okay so quick
I don't even like good don't got one
in America
your Boston do you like it yes thank you
yeah yeah we've seen like everything
I've actually just about on eating
that's
yeah everything like a Caesar can all
yeah yeah but from the cute is Michelle
how you doing
thank you so much what time did you get
here re seven or eight you're crazy
thank you so much
so much you get a picture there's the
cutest little boy how are you doing you
get yeah you having a nice day thank you
so much for coming is this review of
your sister yeah thank you so much do
you have any good day for your name's
what's your name
apply it so just stop for a little break
I've got the most delicious sandwich
look how much cheese and chicken it has
in it I'm so happy right me now now
you've asked me in a blog how you guys
doing hey yeah I'm the nice day
you can keep selling that like right
near the end last year
Oh
the last person is Adriana how are you
there I'm doing green thank you so much
for waiting for so long
Laura Clark crazy thank you so much my
beautiful my thank you hi thank you so
much right for those of you who don't
know what happens after meetups this is
what happens
Maddy nice sitting on the floor going
through everything that all of you guys
bought me to the meetup which is nicely
for a sitting and trying out
oh we said we were going to have a
healthy trip
you guys haven't helped to Atlanta my
next signing if you're coming in Atlanta
I'll leave a detail down below put the
details on the screen now
Atlanta meetup please come guys I want
to meet you all
bring healthy snacks no is gonna do that
are they celery
no not celery like cuacamole though
actually though I don't even though this
is good I don't know why we completed
look at much delicious food we've got
Sun you've not put on twenty stone oh my
gosh these things here somebody bought
me now and they were in ur in the New
York blog the other day like Chi which
govern us in New York there's these
sweets on the wall and I was like
they're not real sweets they're not they
are somebody's literally fought with
them and it's basically like candy that
you put off and you eat
I don't know grid list up here alright
guys I am all tucked up in bed and I
just in this thing online with the
Charlie Charlie challenge which is
basically where you cross over two
pencils or originally it started in
Mexico basically where you're contacting
a spirit called Charlie and originally
it was to prove to people when you have
six pencils and you can basically ask
Charlie things and it answers yes or no
someone shouting outside in the corridor
oh my gosh that scared me so that was
Charlie contacting me yes I'm watching
Lowe's we will do what and vine and
YouTube videos and stuff like that at
the moment online and I don't know ever
to try out myself I haven't got any pens
and pencils and paper and stuff here so
I can't try in this hotel room but I
don't know ever to try it in tomorrow's
video and I know a lot of you guys I
just tweeted about they're like please
don't try it's not worth it it might be
dangerous guys I don't personally don't
believe in stuff like this so I don't
see any any harm in me trying it so I
think I'm going to try it in tomorrow's
video and I was wondering whether I
should try it or not and I want it right
now but I don't have any pen and paper
and things well I've got paper but I
don't have any pens or pencils and you
need minimum of two so leave a couple of
the videos that I'm watching on it I'll
show you some of them they're so funny
it's like this one here Vyasa VRC are
you here there's so funny
let people be like which one don't
remember will they marry was this one
here Charlie Charlie
you wanna get drunk with me so crazy
Charlie Charlie are you here Charlie
Charlie are you Charlie oh my gosh look
at that look at Nash in the background
are you
so basically done them over to try or
not tomorrow well I think I'm definitely
gonna try it and I just don't want you
guys to worry about me trying it because
I know a lot of you gonna be like please
don't do it it's not safe I just think
it's gonna be something fun to do I wish
I could try it now in today's video but
I can't cuz I don't have any pencils
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching today thank you so much for all
the support in Boston tonight was
absolutely crazy like it wasn't crazy as
in like organization the organization
was amazing I had my own police escorts
like what they're Ilyitch I'd like for
policemen escorting me around the place
like proper American police with guns
and their pockets and stuff so crazy and
and it was amazing it to meet so many of
you and have how I let you hug every
single one of you I had a picture on a
proper professional camera at a
photographer they're having pictures
with every single one of you those
pictures will should be online by the
time this goes up so you can all have
your pictures it was amazing and
tomorrow for you guys not tomorrow for
me the next day I am doing Atlanta
Atlanta so I will leave the details for
you to come please please please I want
to hug you all I want our pictures with
you all and just hang out anyways
I'm going to end the vlog here thank you
so much or the sport again I can't say
it enough I honestly meet it so much it
is so overwhelming I've got to be up the
time law is 10:00 to 11:00 and I've got
to be up at 3:30 because I'm flying to
Atlanta so I've got four hours sleep for
an half hour sleep but I need to edit
this broken upload it so I probably got
two hours sleep awesome two hours sleep
wow I'm going to knock it tomorrow
anyways guys thank you so much as per
usual I love you so much give the video
a thumbs up if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up I want to try this Charlie
Charlie challenge now just cuz I think
it'll be fun
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow good
night
