good morning dye is why do I said so
official I see good morning
how you doing look at the view I mean it
is just a number building but I can show
you how a lovely and crisp the weather
is today I've just finished having
breakfast and also went to the gym with
Maddie the time is currently what's the
time where's Matt mulberry lap then
Delon 922 times 922 went to the gym
eight for like forty minutes or
something like that I did it was a weed
gym it was really really small like
really small there was basically two
running machines to cross trainers and
then a couple of weights with no room to
do the weights so I did I went on the
cross trainer for 21 minutes and did two
miles on the cross trainer and then I
just did some weights but it was weird
because I was like really squished and I
was going to film in there to prove to
you guys that I went to the gym but I
didn't film because there was two other
people in there that were literally like
this far away from me so probably would
have thought I was weird and I wouldn't
want to film them if they're in the gym
anyways just finished having breakfast
which was another strange situation
because I forgot that America often
don't do normal sausages they do turkey
sausages so I had bacon sausage and
scrambled egg for breakfast and the
sausages were turkey why not why not
have turkey sausages anyways I've got an
hour and like ten minutes of now on five
minutes until getting picked up today
all along that and picked up and go to
pre sign some books for you guys for
tomorrow yeah that is it
besides need to get dressed but how in
10 minutes is a long time so I might
watch some YouTube videos first look at
that what why what why is this a thing
let's get rid of this we don't want met
that look at this is that meant to be
some like sexy all right I'm gonna have
to put it on on I I'm gonna have to put
it on
haha what even is this I mean is that ye
a lot softer than what I thought not
gonna lie I've never stayed in a hotel
before where they've had dressing gowns
like this like surely it would be better
just to put like a white one just a
normal white dressing gown but no they
have to try and make some sexy one right
anyways guys I need to actually go and
get ready and go out for the day so
let's go our squad little step and
everything thank you the center how do
you pronounce name in this place because
yesterday knows it how do you pronounce
this but enter Center I did get it right
this here is the place where I'm doing
the book signing tomorrow for you guys
or the day that you're watching this
one's noble and they've even got a
Starbucks so of course I still have to
Starbucks fast because the in Starbucks
got memory here and then we got me here
that's so cool
I need to get this book I've got it
maybe I'll buy a copy today so just go
to the back of the bookstore now and
there are 1496 books here I've never
seen so many it is crazy
I've got to sign all of these now for
you guys I better get going
how long do we have so I finished
shining half of the books these are left
and they're left over there and then
over here should be good
I've signed all of them all of them all
of them and them
so many Maddie night at the Cheesecake
Factory we're also an Amy but she has
just once the bathroom or the restroom
in America and we ordered the dish that
makes Italy's to itself every what I'm
going to be honest is this is a spinach
cheese and artichoke dish I don't think
I like artichokes
I've smell of this one but so much and
then for the main course I've gone or
chicken pasta because this is the
smaller lunch portion just massive back
to signing books
how many more left we've got 750 left
this is the last book to sign today
boom the one negative thing was being
back in here is that all of their stock
is here so I've kind of ended up picking
up some stuff whilst signing this is
where I'm gonna buy Rubik's Cube even
though I've already got on a home why
not this I haven't read this and of
course memories book thanks so much
I think just come to is this Fenway Park
here is Fenway Park have no idea what
this is is it inside here yeah just
inside there always that was calm yeah I
promise you I thought we were coming to
a par that's why I'm like there's a park
inside this building Oh sad well now I
just need to get one of their jersey
things don't I so I'm back in my hotel
now animal FaceTime to Joe Zoe and Nala
and knowledge currently she's asleep
are you quite she just looks like a
black blur or I have you missed me um is
that you haha
that's right all right I've been back to
my room just chilling and getting change
and everything but it is now time to go
and get dinner what we don't see food
seafood for dinner see yesterday we will
watch this place for Mike's pastry
we have a queue that was like way
outside the building or there must be
over under being easy it was I can meet
up and today come in and the queue is
only this big so we're going to get some
before dinner because you might as well
get it now by there's no cure these are
the main things I think that they're
famous for along the top but even though
all the food over here just looks
no idea what to pay or hazelnut
we have someone
thanks so much
oh yeah thank you a little bit you kind
of got a bit carried away I didn't know
what to order there's too many different
kinds of fish so I just ordered two hot
tubs they're meant to be starter sighs
but wow they're massive this is the
place from yesterday they had like the
world's biggest queue outside but today
there wasn't really a queue what you
guys going for pistachio session how
many others one two three four five six
seven eight
there's eight this is eight four three
this song heavy as well all right guys I
am so ready for bed like I am so so
someone I put my hat in near the bin
don't want to do that I am literally so
look at my hair what even is that I am
so tired guys oh my gosh I got to edit
this data roaming upload it so that it's
ready for tomorrow I feel like they're
in its just sleeping like I am
absolutely naked
what all right guys I am all tucked up
onto my bed although I'm not actually
tucked up because I'm absolutely boiling
some on top of the covers did I show you
Ellie on that I bought a Rubik's Cube I
haven't sold one of these in literally
like two years I've just been messing
about it I've but I've only played over
for like one minute so far today so I
haven't actually had a chance to solve
it yet but I I need to do that that's
going to be my aim tonight it's to solve
the Rubik's Cube I used to have to solve
it in like 39 seconds was my record I'd
be able to do it in under a minute every
time but 39 seconds was my record that
is it I'm not quite sure what I filmed
today I also bought this book or I
bought two books didn't I showed you I
might start reading Paper Towns tonight
because I haven't read it and I feel
that it's going to be really really good
so I'm going to read that start reading
that one tonight I need to edit this
frog now so I'm going to end it and
upload it overnight don't forget that
uploaded a new main channel video a
yesterday or two days ago for you so I
leave a link down below to that as well
if you want to check that out but this
is it for the video if you enjoyed it
give it a big thumbs up let's see how
many how many we can get I don't know
let's just see if you feel nice and you
feel like giving a thumbs up then do so
uh yeah that is it I'll catch you
tomorrow morning guys bright and early
I'm not going to go into the gym
tomorrow morning I'm just gonna have a
lie-in and edit another Sims video for
you instead anyways I'll see you then
good night
