good morning guys it is lovely lovely
lovely in Toronto look at the weather
it is amazing today I'm feeling so good
and awake
I had like seven hours sleep last night
which is a lot for me I've had a shower
I've got dressed and I've started
packing the room I meant to be
downstairs in what time's my car pick me
up gonna do the door Oh exactly now my
car's meant to pick me up this minute
yeah I just really quickly I'll perhaps
everything up a set from gone through
the presents that you gave me yesterday
all of that stuff down there is
literally just sweets and chocolate I
can't take it all with me I'm gonna have
to leave it here and then this stuff
here this one is these two a presence
that was letters so I'm taking that with
me there and then these ones are
presents so I've got to go through these
and see what presents are like stuff
like that I just can't take because it's
so big it's so annoying I'm having to
all of one astronaut ice cream okay I'll
take that that's awesome but I don't
know what to take with me but I'm going
to try and fit everything in my bag I
possibly can but that's just so much
stuff I'm having to throw away all these
delicious sweets
maybe alright I'm gonna leave a note for
the hotel staff I'm going to write a
note down here saying please eat me or
take whatever you want or something like
that and then I write it down please
eat me there right now the hotel staff
will know that they can eat with that
stuff now what you need to pack all of
this into my case which is already full
all right guys it is time for me to
leave the hotel thank you so much Canada
you've been awesome I love you thank you
for this hat let's go to Boston
so we just got a ferry from there to
here
literally took like 40 seconds did you
that is here because this Airport is
like a tiny little City Airport so you
have to let you get like a 40 second
ferry across
so the first security now and look at my
dealer I popped leave we're gonna go in
one of these that's how I would get into
Boston no we're being serious that's
literally the pain that Louie as I
flying around and at the moment isn't it
I will leave after 900 years of waiting
it is finally time to go through and I
get on our plane and we literally went
like three hours and I got bored all I
could think about was Eugene
running on from Ella's Tyrone page
passes and your hands are beside
ourselves
teachers must be secured in the upright
position and you're able to amass 2/3
I've just gone through customs Maddie is
still in the queue which is absolutely
massive now I need to collect my luggage
I've arrived in my hotel in Boston -
just walked out at the hotel and Maddie
and I raffle it was strong do we have we
have like an area that a guy the people
with the hotel gave us a map we're going
to look like aldermen Taurus supposed to
put some shorts on because it's so warm
it's just such lovely weather and we're
in the shade at the moment let alone
even the sun's just over there that's
such a cool building look at that just
in that little island
that's sick I want my bedroom to be up
there
imagine having a bedroom in that top bed
and walking down okay I'm weird
it's just cool this looks like a film
setting like Disney or something like
fake oh that's quite a small map you've
got there Maddie that's quite small
Quincy Market is that much thought
Quincy Market one of you guys with the
airport told me to come here and said is
this loads of food there is so many
different people
what is that they smell so good I
treated early ask him where shall I go
and get some food and literally most of
you said this place here so I'm gonna
grab a slice of pizza
looks good time to try this pizza guys
it's blooming massive
this is so it was like such a nice black
shop also really good war
so just got a Pinkberry I mean it's
definitely healthy just look at this
side there we go
Maddie's just healthier laughing you're
hiding the values are are dumb it's not
a thing anymore I added chocolate you
started with chocolate ice cream is
chocolate or your frozen yogurt look at
this looks so delicious and just as I go
to vlog the aircon comes on so you can
probably barely even hear me anyways
guys I've been back at my hotel room for
like a good few hours now finished
eating my big bully
that was absolutely delicious and I'm
just knackered
I'm so tired I've just been catching up
on everybody's videos and reading the
comments of my new video and just going
through everything my throat is sore
again because I've barely been speaking
because I just been by myself in the
hotel room with the bloomin aircon on
which is so bad for my throat I don't
know how to turn it off
I thought I'd turned it off but it just
came back on one quick thing for it in
the video I just want to try this that
somebody got me yesterday ah what's it
go but this one did I have yesterday a
book signing that's what I had and
somebody got me this which is as you can
see astronaut ice cream so I want to
give this a try so my hair is enormous
because it's so floppy one minute let me
put how long there we go laughs a little
bit better got it tied down now yeah so
this was from jasmine I think it says so
thank you so much jasmine for this I'm
going to turn this bloomin aircon off
how do I do it I thought I'd done it off
there we go
yes right anyways what was I saying yes
I should just say as well my sister and
her boyfriend Sean you guys know both of
them leave the UK 3:30
it is 3:17 in the morning and they're
flying to New York I am so excited to
get to New York and hang out with them I
basically paid for both of them to fly
up to New York for a week for my
sister's birthday and they've never ever
been to America before and I've worn
them how am I
America is and how nice everybody is and
I'm just gonna love it so much when I
guess why stay camera so dark the
Lighting's not even bad in here
weird sorry about that yet so I'm super
super excited to hang out with em
anyways I want to try this astronaut ice
cream I have not yet looked inside so
let's do it together
don't-don't-don't what is that it's it
like a little packet what what on earth
is that
is this how astronauts of their food oh
my gosh like frozen is it frozen
freeze-dried ready to eat okay let's go
for this little bit here I'm kind of
nervous you know it smells really good
oh my gosh that's so weird
oh my gosh I feel like I wanna spit it
out what
that oh my I can't even describe what
that tastes like that is the weirdest
thing in the world at first it kind of
felt like nails down a chalkboard like
horrible I was like oh my god I need to
take out my mouth and then it went
really soft like it's stuck in my teeth
now and it's really soft what I don't
have to have some more all right let's
go through some of the top lip there but
it really feels like fluffy like soft
like it's melting but it's warm it's
really creamy and then you bite it in
his crunchy and then it's like God and
it's like gone from my mouth and now I
can just taste chocolate ice cream oh my
gosh it's so weird I can't even describe
thank you so much to Jasmine for buying
me out I can't make out if I like you or
not it's so weird to eat the flavors
delicious it just feels strange it feels
like I've eaten warm ice cream this
fluffy I don't know anyways guys I'm
gonna end the vlog here thank you so
much for following me around today and
making awesome opportunities like this
possible if you want to come and meet me
tomorrow please please please come and
say hi I will be at I'll be at Barnes &
Nobles at 6 p.m. in the Prudential
Center I think that's how you pronounce
it Prudential Center at 6 p.m. in Barnes
& Nobles so come and say hello get there
a little bit early to get a response
that you can come in I'll hug you all
why live pictures with you all I will
sign all your books and it's gonna be
amazing so make sure you there if you
know anyone that lives in the area let
them know let your dog know let your nan
know let your brother know anyone
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching I'm gonna edit this video now
so that it goes up on time tomorrow
because I'm in a different time zone to
the UK then I'm going to go to sleep
because I'm going to the gym tomorrow
morning 8 o'clock of Maddie so thank you
so much for watching today if you
enjoyed it as usual give the video a big
thumbs up make sure you check out the
video that I uploaded yesterday a video
with Marcus a really really funny
charlie
video leave a link down below and I'll
see you tomorrow good night
