good morning guys should we see what the
weather is like should we open the
curtains and see beautiful Toronto look
at that I mean the windows a bit dirty
if I put it up here look at that looks
absolutely lovely today right I woke up
at 6:00 a.m. this morning little bit
jet-lagged a little bit just because I
felt like six hours sleep was enough I
went to bed at 12 worked about six just
finishing making a new thumbnail for a
new Sims episode where the woman gives
birth which is exciting
it is currently seven I know is it 7:00
or 8:00 a.m. well hope is eight I'm
entering medium a tier 8
let me see yes 801 so Maggie's going to
knock on door any minute and we're going
to go to the gym together you had it
right guys oh there's the knock on the
door be ready be ready
I mean I'm nearly ready and just login
finish my workout how to shower got
dressed and myself a muddy and now off
to we're going to go to the CN tower I'm
going to go to the CN tower which is
really really close and then we're also
going to go we haven't even had
breakfast yet it was the actual time ten
o'clock well still early there is a
Starbucks inside our hotel what that's
literally Maddy's favorite thing in the
world
Hey look there's the CN Tower this is
where we came to guys got my cool and
refresher look at that look at that
Maddy's happy of a coffee and they spoke
your name right today yesterday they
thought my name was Dave look how cute
this little house is where I don't is
probably not actually a house it's next
to an awesome church but then it's
called like this is what I love about
Toronto's there's loads of like
normal-looking little buildings and then
like hench buildings them wait we lost
the CN Tower I was behind it's going to
say someone's just got rid of it I can't
even look at it I can't even see it
don't even ever put it in shop because
it's so sunny oh man that is one big
concrete building isn't it that's crazy
perfect thank you so much thank you
firing jet
it is I'm Toronto's south west side to
the left is Lake Ontario to the right is
the Rogers Center hey guys I'm so
annoyed I took my camera out with me
yesterday my big talk the one virgin to
any bitches so today I'm not gonna bring
it out and now look at this blue this is
crazy
oh my gosh Oh little blades this is just
crazy
down to the glass floor Oh God
you go god yeah I don't like this I
really like this you already don't like
this this is not nice
I don't I don't understand no jump on it
and yes I do doula like we have the
North which is obviously really
including north of the CN tower and if
you don't go piously me facing south of
the CN Tower okay hi there shopping time
we finished in the CN Tower which was
amazing
and now we have come to attend is
eternal Eastern Eton
Eaton Center it's like a big shopping
center kind of thing and I think it
looks rich got absolutely everything
there we go guys
indigo books music and cafe that's not
the one that I'm doing a signing at
later but it's the same company same
retailer as when to try it on an iWatch
I'm not going to lie it's actually
really good like I liked it quite a lot
I guess so expensive so I don't know if
I'm going to go for one or not but it
was cool and now we're going to get some
Thai food for lunch to not go for this
is the biggest bowl of chicken noodle
soup in the world so just go back to the
hotel Miranda and Kisha bought me
doughnut holes is that where they called
or not in Timbits
but I'll never see Mary Brad Fralick
filling in the nose job so it's not
actually the whole other don't know yeah
but it yeah that's so cool
I've just put chewing gum in us now so I
would I wouldn't you guys not want some
there's so many there and no it's nice
thank you so much I'll take the back up
to my room
thank you I am all dressed and ready I
put this back on because obviously I'm
in Toronto so I want to be wrapping you
guys and I'm off to my signing which is
going to be so exciting or I'm already
so excited I know it's going to be is
exciting is happening and it starts in
like an hour
one hour one hour let's go
and I've got another cool and refreshing
drink I think these things have caffeine
in them so I'm probably going to be
quite high five
I just met a load of contest winners who
are lovely and sign a ton of these these
are the Blue Book's
these look so cool in blue I love it and
then obviously got booked one here that
we're about to sign as well and then all
of you guys just on the other side of
this warmth sales we're just walking out
now it is - it is good eye microphone
furnished his hey guys look at this that
he's made what is this this is cold
journey and giving lots longer oh but
then this looks look at Joe looks so
real oh my god
thank you so much right guys I'm gonna
film sneekly fortune enjoy astron Ashwin
has a message for all of you I'm gonna
try and film that everybody's screaming
knowing I've got my camera go whatever
you want to do in your life please do it
in nothing that feels better than
anything to do what your heart desires
just amazing thank you so much bye guys
last people in line is Maddy and Lindy
hey Maddy how are you she's ready you're
so sweet thank you so much guys you're
the last in line of course thank you for
being here here's your book I hope you
enjoy it
have a lovely day I promised these
people I've logged them half of them
have the same name so I don't name
everybody anymore thank you so much so
much I love you too
the yugi-boy band is here guys wait
you're missing me thank you so much
thank you so much
look how many presents you guys gave me
absolutely insane you do not have to do
that guys this is the day if you're
coming to Atlanta Boston or New York I
know you may be dead different please
don't bring me presents because how am I
going to fit all of those in my suitcase
right I don't know what to do with it or
I can't take it all back to back home
because imagine that times four it
wouldn't even that won't even fit on the
plane so thank you so much for the gifts
guys I'm going to go through them all
now and eat all the sweets and
everything but please if you're coming
to Boston Atlanta or New York please
don't bring presents don't spend your
money on me you can give me a letter I
can take them home but the presents
won't be able to fit in the case so I
just want you to keep them I'm back at
the hotel room guys that was insane like
it runs so so smoothly so thank you so
much everybody who's involved and made
it possible and yeah it was so good it's
just so crazy to have to come literally
on the other side of the world and just
have so much amazing sport and people
you guys are just so friendly and calm
and relaxed and just so nice out here so
many like my gosh I can see people in
the swimming pool down there I kind of
want to go swimming by I didn't bring my
swimming stuff but it's just so nice to
have such supportive people that they're
not like screaming and crying in my face
like obviously there was some people too
quiet but they're just very like we
really appreciate what you do and thank
you so much for spending the time to
upload every single day and if you're
late on an upload we understand it
doesn't matter and I we just want to say
thank you so much for doing what you do
and things like that is just crazy like
I don't know I don't know it's so it's
insane but you guys know I say this
whenever I do meetups and signings and
stuff it's just the support is just
unbelievable so thank you so much as
always and all these presents is
ridiculous you guys don't have to do
that yeah we got a blooming with the
table min Jo Seok head we've got a
jun-seok head but I don't have a clue
how I'm going to fit like my suitcase as
full as it is already I don't know how
I'm going to fit that
stuff in there so please if you come
into the other sidings don't bring
presents please don't because I just
don't know what I'm gonna do with it
it's insane right the time is currently
quarter past five Maddie and I are gonna
go and get some food because I haven't
properly eaten too much today like that
stupid thing earlier I had to rush I
didn't get to finish yet I only had like
a third of it not even that because we
had to go in to have to come here to
have to get our car to him to go to the
event so I haven't properly eaten today
I've also signed a load of the pointless
book and the point split twos that are
in that book shop that I was at just
then so if you guys want to sign a copy
there'll be something in there go there
as quick as you can because obviously
there's not an unlimited amount nothing
that's just like 50 of each book that I
just signed but yeah let's go get some
food we've come to poutines house of
routine Holly this is the go-to place
for poutine and Maddy has never happened
in a book I've never had good quality
food eaten before
oh my god they've got different finds
I'm just going to go traditional or with
an extra layer of cheese card fast mouth
full is it good is it oh boy
we have played finish up now well finish
the booting it was literally the most
delicious thing ever and now we're in an
ice cream and chocolate shop and moths
know me would love because it's got like
vegan dark chocolate vegan coconut for
looks like knowledge poor look at this
oh my gosh it's just amazing me I want
one of these orange blossom pistachio
name are you even going to a leaf with
their every scoop on sir believe I need
to get food
which one do I go here I think maybe
just a normal chocolate yeah I don't
know what street were on but it is so
sick like so so call all the shop from
there
I'm a good actor selling the n64 it's so
retro and love it so much all the
clothes shops look amazing we haven't
been in them yet I want a hammer I want
to have looks so bad apparently this
road was voted do we know the name of
this road we don't need a mother over
apparently we know that it was voted the
second best road in the world is that
right make it vogue vote again yeah so
pretty official I still don't know the
name of it I came and found out it is
called Queen Street there we go just in
case you're wondering this guy's
currently getting that there the naked
woman tattooed on his back here
Wow I kind of forgot to vlog that I was
back here now oh my gosh my voice listen
to it this is what happens when I stay
in hotels in America or Canada and stuff
what is happening it's literally gone so
croaky so basically this hotel room
doesn't I can't even speak this hotel
room doesn't have a minibar
like a little fridge to get a drink and
I finished all my drink that I've got
this tiny little bottle and the aircon
absolutely ruins my voice oh my gosh
I've just finished editing and it is now
uploading a new challenge video this is
the thumb now if you haven't seen it
already the whipped cream challenge we
basically played this fun little game
I'm sure I showed you guys some stuff in
my daily vlogs where we have some little
machine and it right you don't know when
it's going to hit you in the face would
put with whipped cream I'll leave a link
down below if you haven't seen already
going do a thumbs up and leave some nice
comments yeah I'm going through all my
presents yet from you guys from today so
what a thing I'm going to do is try some
Canadian candy now in this video because
I'm pretty sure one of these I think
it's this big one here this one rule
it's just full of candy from Canada I
put my camera on a little tripod my
voice is still pretty bad I'm sorry
these here are the sweets that I'm gonna
try okay let's really quickly in one
take try a little bit of each one start
off with the coffee crest now if I don't
like these sweets I'm screwed because I
don't have a drink
Wow guys it tastes are actual Gotham I
mean I don't know else's expectant
tastes like that delicious really good
also thank you so much to whoever sent
me these and gave me them arrow I've
eaten this so many times before they
have it in the UK but you guys always
ask me to eat it in a video now I love
it so there's not much I'm going to say
I just really already enjoy this mmm
alright next one sour strap have no idea
what this is
looks like a double rainbow in a packet
you ready
I love sour sweets you guys know that oh
my god
this is so good also guys don't go mad
in the comments if these sweets aren't
just Canadian they could be from
somewhere else I don't know you guys
just gave them to me at my book signing
today so I'm assuming the majority of
them a Canadian a school sko our buttery
toffee crunch wow it sounds like a
diamond bar oh my gosh I'm going to
break my teeth yeah it's a dime bar we
have this new coverage called i'm i had
to spit it out because i'm gonna get it
stuck in my teeth and then my dentist is
gonna kill me because of my braces i'm
not meant to be eating anything other
than three meals a day and just drinking
water so don't tell him even though he
knows i make videos but hopefully he's
not watching if you are um I'm sorry kit
cap you guys you know of you and there's
no even put me try this you know a love
kit kats you guys know that do that and
inside this is the main thing that you
guys gave me at the signing today so
many packets of ketchup flavor
layers which in the UK we call walkers
wow this smells so strong of ketchup I'm
slightly scared look at the color
they're so red Oh
I don't if I like that or not all right
last one I think I like that you know I
think I do like that and then last of
all we've just got recess which again
you guys know I've tried recess and you
guys know I really really enjoyed
Reese's that was it I'm sure there are
so many more Canadian sweets in there
that I haven't tried in this little
segment of the video I will pack them up
in my suitcase and try them throughout
this trip thank you so much again for
today you guys are the absolute best and
you just make crazy things possible and
I love getting the opportunity to hang
out with you all and properly thank you
in person for watching my videos so I'm
glad that you'll enjoy today I've been
reading all your tweets and retweeting
you and everything I'm going to go to
bed now because I'm lychee in my boxers
with a t-shirt on sitting on the formal
hotel trying different candies I can
barely even speak and I'm so jet-lagged
and tired I also need to edit this daily
blog and upload it before I go to bed so
that it goes live at the right time
tomorrow Wow having an upload schedule
was traveling is very very hard anyways
guys thank you so much watching let's
see if we can get this video 30,000
thumbs up that is your a 30,000 please
please please give this video thumbs up
if you want to see me try more Canadian
candy or more American candy when I do
America or more Japanese or more any
other country I don't know Australian
give the video a thumbs up I will catch
you soon thank you so much watching I
love you so much good night
