good morning guys how are you doing
it is 7:15 hey no no this is all my
stuff done packing
I'm about to wear these clothes and this
stuff here and then that someone's
ringing me who's ringing me my sister
okay once that guy's right I'm pretty
sure I've got everything but the taxis
outside so we have to go oh so heavy I
can't even closer now didn't know boss
private British Airways today you're
just good I like be a de facto surly
here the other day when I was wait what
oh I know we were here yeah when we went
up to Scotland this is Zach um with
Maddie as well Maddie is joining me on
this trip it's weird because my flight
is eight hours to Toronto and then
Toronto a like five or six hours behind
or something
so I land and that I leave at 3 o'clock
and I land at 5 o'clock so the time only
changes by a couple of hours but I'm
actually on the play for eight hours
we just got the plane now guys I didn't
film anything in the airport goods we
were rushing around buying things like
what do we can buy like headache pills
and lint roller to get a life block off
my t-shirt and madness t-shirt stupid
there were things that we just bought on
a safer by again but yet spin out the
plane which is good got lots and lots
leg room which is nice
yeah in seven hours we'll be landed in
Toronto
I just finished up watching the maser on
that witch
just take me there it was so so good I
don't know I haven't watched it until
now like he was worth them and now I
want there to be number two obviously
there's going to be number two
now I hoped the pitch
we are three hours right for
but just meeting my luggage
which is actually delicious a really
really good chicken and now I'm editing
a six-episode Southie simple episode 7
and
episode 7 is here I don't even know if
you can hear me because I know whenever
I don't pains as I some really annoying
noise hopefully you can hear me I'm so
tired
finished
water on a plane you have to do one of
these vlogs where you come to the
bathroom having little chats that nobody
else into you but I'm pretty sure the
person just never said that dork and
everything anyways we've got under an
hour left of the flight this lighting is
like the worst lighting in the entire
world it just makes you look so dead so
gray and all your spots and
imperfections are like exaggerated so
I'm gonna have a quick wash of my face I
got my wash bag put on some aftershave
and hopefully look and smell a little
bit better when I step off the plane
that is the aim this part has been so
smooth and so so again I can't wait to
get Toronto
some people wait at the airport to say
hi hey guys
also somebody was your name shunt out
hold that then you show them what okay
so say thank you so much thank you
mady's get an emotional how keep you
guys look at this why don't you got me
this thank you so much this is sick and
they custom my name well yeah nice and
format thought going into their site so
again 11 a.m. and now it's 7:00
oh my gosh you guys are crazy this is
quite like LA Airport isn't that we'd
like the underground bear and the cars
we're just waiting our driver is just
over there so this is where the World
Cup is going to be yeah got the CN Tower
over there wow I love baseball let's see
what my room is like didn't door let's
go come on get in this is cool this is
so nice and I even got a desk over there
but let me try and turn this light on
yeah okay right so we walk it what is
this a little cupboard got a little
wardrobe then here we've got my bathroom
I still don't understand these low baths
somebody explained it in the comments
this is nice a little bit there and then
this big old bit got a king-size bed
massive that looks so comfy desks to
work on TV what more could you ask for
look how beautiful the view are look you
can see the CN Tower from here this is
awesome right because I'm only here for
like two nights
there's not even any point in the
unpacking at all all I need now is
always so bad so I catchment a bit right
so I've just finished my way and I'm all
changed I've put my hair back necklace
on change my t-shirt the new jeans and
new shoes
it is fairly early you know I think it's
like five minutes past 7:00 and we
haven't got anything planned tonight so
we can literally just go and explore
this place looks oh man they've got a
swimming pool down there then if you can
see there this place just looks sick
jacket on and that time to go and
explore Canada
this is the scariest lift I've ever
gotten why is there a rope like holding
it up from down there oh my gosh you're
not gonna being pranked or something
Bobby my lifts like it's normal here and
then it no oh my gosh
oh my gosh literally look down there
that is so sick
oh my gosh yo.hannes he felt like I was
gonna hit the floor then that was crazy
the one place that Maddie's wanted to go
to and we've just found that let's go so
everybody's been telling us to go for an
iced cap but it was pretty damn cold
outside so I don't think we're going to
be down for that I don't know what to go
for
what they do like sandwiches and stuff
as well
all of this I went for a hot chocolate
and Maddie went for what did you ever
caramel I've opted out coffee guys just
a desert phase out of my chest
what is that cup no idea where we are
and this is what we're just sharing some
food because we're still so tired so we
don't want to eat a full meal we've just
got some bits to share that was
delicious
really really quick which was good
because we are both falling asleep I
have no idea where we are like literally
no idea where we are
what is
do you know ever going I don't know
well yes Toronto
guys look at the size of that Urban
Outfitters oh my gosh this is the best
road we're coming back that's mine
i-i've just got back from a hotel room
and I'm trying to sort everything out so
I can just get straight into bed and
then I need to edit this daily blog
because just pulling hotels always tuck
in all the sheets which is just so
annoying because as soon as I get into
bed it's all like tied up and I can't
get in I think I've done it but
basically I need to edit this daily vlog
that I'm filming now right now and
upload it overnight because I don't know
what the internet speeds going to be
like in all these different hotels say
if it's slow at least uploads it's got
the whole of tonight upload so hopefully
it'll still be going up a 5 p.m. UK time
for you guys and because in the UK you
guys are ahead of me by like five or six
hours to 5 p.m. in the UK is something
like 12 o'clock lunchtime over here
now obviously I'm out and I'm doing like
interviews or press or book stuff or
signings by 12 p.m. so I have to upload
them in the morning and then because the
internet could be slow I've stopped load
them in the evening so as soon as I
finished talking now I'm going to edit
this video and upload it scheduled so
then it goes up at the right time for
you guys right I'm just gonna flop into
this bed edit and sleep so oh my gosh
this is so comfy on my back thank you so
much for watching today guys
if you enjoyed it and you're excited for
the book tour and hopefully you guys are
gonna be able to come and meet me give
the video a thumbs up well I say
hopefully hopefully a lot of you I think
there's going to be like a thousand and
a half a couple of thousand each day or
something like that I've heard I don't
know it depends how many of you turn up
how many of you actually turn up I will
try and put a screen shot now or
basically the details for Boston and
Atlanta so that if you want to come to
either the Boston or Atlanta on screen
right now and the details anyways back
to normal thank you so much watching the
vlog the vlogs over the next couple of
days or the next 9 days actually going
to be awesome
like really really fun with loads of
you guys in them so I hope you're
looking forward to it I'm gonna end the
vlog now so that I can edit the video
and get it up and then just sleep
because I'm gonna crash so hard any
minute I wouldn't be surprised if I fall
asleep halfway through editing probably
before I even edit anyways guys thank
you so much watching today I'll catch
you super early tomorrow morning I think
I'll go to the gym with Maddie at 8 a.m.
8 a.m. if you don't know Maddie is as
well because I don't if I ever tell you
guys who Maddie as I'm sure most of you
know because I sometimes see in comments
Maddie basically works for a company
called gleam that like manage me and my
youtube channel they don't choose
anything I do at all they basically just
say hey Alfie madam do sorts go ahead
and touch they really wanted a waxwork
of you would you like to do it they
offer me cool opportunities like that or
like with my book for example they were
like blink publishing the book
publishers would love to do a book
review do want to do so they basically
offer me call opportunities and stuff
like that and Maddy works for them and
she works specifically for me so that
whenever I do like tours or when invited
like travel to meet you guys was nothing
she comes with me to like you look after
me basically and make sure that I'm
doing everything that I should be doing
and that met the right places at the
right time and stuff like that so that
is Maddie's role in there is basically
to keep an eye on me make sure that I'm
being good anyways oh my gosh I'm so
tired it's currently like what's the
time in the UK I said I was going to end
this vlog a minute ago what's the time
in the UK 328 328 in the morning in the
UK I'm that good right I'm gonna in the
vlog I'll catch you tomorrow good night
