just a little message before you watch
this video because I haven't really told
you guys enough I am going right now
today as you're watching this I'm on the
flight to Toronto I'm doing for book
signings one in Toronto one in Boston
one in Atlanta and one in New York go to
the link down below and come and meet me
if you live close or you live at those
cities or you can get to those cities
for very very very quickly I will be
there I'm going to hug you all give all
of you pictures site give you pictures
I'm so excited I mean how pictures
review and sign all of you I put this
book to eat so I will see you there
thank you so much guys let the video
begin good morning guys how you doing
today it is not the morning today is
video day with Marquis Marquette who
advised me to get this charcoal drink
that tastes like water
looks like sewage water love it we're
about to film a video I'm running late
as per usual there we go you'll be going
up in our Moxa's chinaware and when's it
going up Mike three months I started
she's my backup room in three months
there's something I saw yesterday on
them on YouTube my hat looks a little
bit probably shouldn't YouTube was a
disguise advert yeah did a nature
documentary
yeah his lenses like this big ask you
any times of use that lens you did take
some awesome pictures and then I took it
then I took it to New York when I to New
York I now I'm gonna take it to Toronto
tomorrow what are you gonna do get some
pictures up I am because I've got three
days with my sister and Shaun in New
York gnarly you're not in this video
Missy she is I'm sorry
you're acting or she looks upset I'm
sorry do you want to come and be in on
this
you can be in if you want right we need
to feel the full marks beats me up
although Marcus I don't make Oh Marcus
rinsed me once I did a workout isn't
only doing you trying to get up coming
up yeah no no no no I need a mess off
the bicep Cody's
I once worked out with my friend Max and
my arms ache so much I had an oil bath
the next day a bath with Oreos and you
wanted painkillers Marcus did 14 squats
for City 414 scores yesterday and then I
asked him to go get the tripod from
upstairs and he was I can't walk
upstairs at the moment yeah I didn't say
I needed painkillers and I'm not
requesting them oil bath only when it
comes to being pathetic we all know
who's really pathetic right what are you
doing oh right in his film the film in
is finished we've done one video for my
channel a long video for Marx's channel
how did it go he is wiping his crotch
because he's crying in my video we used
whipped cream and he's getting annoyed
because he thought would cream in his
trousers yeah he's invited obviously
lives in London now and only claims he's
got with never those ones they just made
him do a whipped cream or the fourth bit
like part of the game the challenge was
whipped cream involved I just got back
from my grandma's now I didn't vlog
anything with her because she probably
just want to know who's watching where
they're from how old they are what their
names are and I'd be like quite I can't
tell you that grandma there's a lot of
people that watch the video so I don't
ever really vlog that just because it
probably just confuse her at how many
people watch these silly little videos
mine but um I've realized that I have to
leave tomorrow morning at 7:15 to go to
London and then I'm meeting Madi
and then we're going to Heathrow Airport
so I kind of need to pack and this
currently is the state of my clothes all
of this all over there and then there's
some in there oh yeah and also there are
some that I just got washed because as
usual I didn't have time to wash them so
I just got a load washed dry cleaners
here so there's a load there although
it's a bit naughty of me I shouldn't
really such a waste of money getting
them washed by somebody else but anyways
yeah that's it I've got pack now I have
no idea what pack because I just looked
at the weather forecast
York and it's meant to be sunny this
weekend then thunderstorms during the
week and then I'm also going to Toronto
in Atlanta and Boston and I'm just like
I have no idea what the weather is going
to be like so I think we're gonna pack
couple pairs of jeans cover the pairs of
shorts and just loads of t-shirts and
jumpers and jackets that's the aim I
never know how many shoes to take away
of me when I go abroad because I love
shoes and I own a bit too many pairs so
normally I take away like from there for
a week I end up taking away like four or
five pairs of shoes and then I'd only
have a way like two so I'm gonna try and
pack sensibly today although it's going
to be hard because I've got lots of book
signings which means lots of photos
review guys so I want to want to wear
some nice clothes and my shoes I think I
finished packing I'm not a hundred
percent sure I'm not going to close my
case yet but I've got four pairs of
shoes and one that I'm wearing tomorrow
basically these are all my comfy clothes
that I'm wearing tomorrow and we've got
some shorts tracky bottoms clean boxers
in fact brand new boxes brand new socks
and a brand new t-shirt in fact none of
that outfit I've ever worn before
they're all new clothes I've worn the
shoes before once that is just just
taken all of that and all of that there
this is boxers socks and shoes and then
I got a razor deodorant and some
toothpicks not toothpicks to floss
thinks the most cloves ever packs into
one suitcase in there I've got like four
pairs of jeans 12,000 tops to Jack one
jacket two jumpers I think that should
be enough if I need any more I am going
to America so I can always buy more
that's what I always think we never go
to America I'm like let's use this light
for my light hand wow that looks sick
I'm lost
guys help me I don't know how I am
oh my god this looks so cool look my arm
light disappears look that looks sick
anyways yeah I think I'm finished
packing Zoey and her dad have just
arrived back they have been so he's been
back home visiting her school for the
day with John
met a lot of you guys there which was
cool that surprised all of you going
back to our old secondary school and
then she's just going back home and I'm
visiting their family and stuff like
that so I think we're gonna get some
food or something in a minute although I
just ate so I'm not actually too hungry
I feel good that I've already packed I
think I'm gonna quickly film now a Sims
video with Zoey before I go and I mean
she couldn't put a top on for that watch
leopard on let's just grab this vest
yeah before I go tomorrow I'm gonna film
another Sims video of Zoey so that I
have two Sims videos going up whilst I'm
away in America which will be good all
right guys have just got tucked up into
bed and I finished you put my side of
the bed on heat the hot thing on Zoey
you haven't my bed is so are you sure
you know it's on four so you put my side
of the bed on someone my phone of the
bed on it wasn't me well the light bulb
ghost if you don't know what talking
about me and Zoey have this little
remotes next to our bed here and you can
basically turn each half of the mattress
on so it heats up don't know some weird
like mattress heater thing I don't know
if I've told you guys but I'm flying
poppy and Sean out to New York for
Poppy's birthday and so they're gonna go
out for a week and then I'm joining them
because I finish with my book signings
and that in New York so then I spent two
or three days with them at the end which
is gonna be awesome and they've never
been to New York or America before so
they're both really really excited so I
packed up all my camera equipment so I
can take photos with them because them
to love taking photos and stuff and I
can get good video quality stuff out of
it for you guys and this one here is
snoring so loud on me and she's tucked
up in between my legs are you nice and
cozy
okay she's like shut up dad I'm trying
to sleep we have to leave us 7:15 in the
morning don't we did you have a nice day
yeah tell me what you did when you say
back home she doesn't mean bitin she
means back to Wiltshire
back to work sure and then she you went
visit your old school well school I got
to see all my old teachers there's a
good witness to the same so many of them
were just the exact same yeah yeah and
how long ago was that from back in
school like last time I was there was
six years ago
Wow yeah that's so crazy so have enjoyed
super cool day today yeah yeah like a
700 people meet each other
that's like the whole school that's so
crazy
halftime study leave yeah there's quite
a few kids today in town one else with
my mom right I'm gonna go to sleep guys
this little one sounds like Snorlax down
here and what else was I gonna say
also yeah the reason why I don't if I
told you the reason why I'm going to
America is because I am doing for book
signings under one in Toronto one in
Atlanta one in Boston and one in New
York all the links are down below so if
you live anywhere near there where you
know anyone that lives close please
please please come come and say hi I've
left it so late to tell you guys that
I'm kind of scared that nobody's gonna
turn up so please come I really want to
meet you I'm gonna get a picture with
all of you I'm gonna hug all of you and
all of you will get a signed book the
details are down below right that is it
I will catch you tomorrow tomorrow it's
flight day I will see you then I love
you so much good-o give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it forgot to
say that one night
