good morning guys I am feeling a little
bit better today as you know from me not
properly daily vlogging over the last
two days I haven't been too well I spent
the entirety of yesterday like the whole
day in bed
it'll just blowing my nose and coughing
and sneezing and you know when just your
whole body aches so much like anything
you do just hurts I literally so you
would like lean on me in on that
ah just basically being pathetic and
being ill and just not being great so
thank you so much for sticking by with
the vlogs even though I had a couple of
days out it means a lot we're now back
to normal daily vlog in which I am super
happy and excited about I'm still not
feeling 100% but I'm feeling much better
than I have over the last two days which
is good because I have a flight to
Toronto on Friday and I didn't want to
be ill for it there was nothing worse
than traveling on long flights when
you're poorly or sick as you call it in
America today I woke up well time to
wake up at 9 o'clock today 8ui
I woke up at 9 you work about 8:00 and
like a weird my shoulder looks because
it's leaning on the pillow ah there we
go
and today when I'm at 9 o'clock and it's
now currently done but at all what does
the time half-past eleven what have we
done this morning I've really done
anything so now I want to get up I have
bought how long until my mum arrives -
three minutes she's probably outside
she's not my mom is always early like if
you say to my mom meet me at half-past
you'll be there 20 past and I'm always
late so it doesn't doesn't work too well
but anyways I've got a couple of minutes
now we're just gonna go take a load of
rubbish to the tip which is boring
boring boring so I'm not gonna bother
filming that and then yeah we'll just
see what happens with the rest of the
day I am going to the gym tonight which
is good I didn't go yesterday obviously
cause being ill but I did go the day
before so I'm still working out a little
bit guys I'm still doing it I'm back
from doing all of the daily chores and
everything and I just shot a little Q&A
for yesterday's video because I didn't
daily vlog yesterday because I was in
bed all day just uploaded the new video
I've got this sleepy little one here she
is like fast asleep she's being so cute
at the moment and then we've just been
watching the Kardashians with Bruce
Jenner's what is it the newest ones yeah
let me just watch it's not the
Kardashian it's just technically two
specials about Bruce oh we've just been
watching them ones together in bed and I
don't really I don't watch like all the
Kardashians normally stuff like that but
just interested in these ones and how
they approach what's happened which I
think they don't really well I think
they've done a really really good job so
many people to feel more comfortable and
also open up everyone else's eyes just
make the world a more kind of accepting
yeah of course
so I have no idea what I want for dinner
today so what I've made whilst I'm
thinking about it is a little smoothie I
have got some protein powder in the
bottom strawberry mango and then loads
of ice so it's nice and cold yo wow that
is the most strawberry flavoured
strawberry drink
I have ever tried pork sage and onion
stuffing or a comedy stuff stuffing for
dinner tonight I don't really feel like
pasta what's in the freezer and then
there's this that looks absolutely
delicious look how good that looks but
surely that is for two people yeah meal
to share I can't have that by myself now
and it goes out date in quite a few days
so I will leave that for me and Zoey to
have tomorrow or something now the only
dish left is this but as I said I don't
really feel like pasta which is a little
bit annoying
but chicken pasta maybe I'll just go for
this I felt like cooking something
properly like cooking something up oh I
made a cup of team a minute ago same
coming out but that is but I guess I'm
just gonna have to quickly put this in
the oven and cook this up instead do you
know I feel like cooking I haven't had
like since I left home my mom used to
cook it for me when I lived her home was
tuna steak I love a good tuna steak and
I've never ever cooked that by myself so
that's one thing I want to try and buy
is a good tuna steak right I need to
cook this up in the gym guys it is
crunches time we do some house
believe it or not I just went to the gym
couldn't film too much because I didn't
want to look like an idiot in the gym
filming myself as usual like did I tell
you that time I went by myself once in
the gym with Max as well basically my
personal trainer went they can fit
snapchat in the mirror to be was during
the flash went off and everyone looked
at me right
yeah oh yeah one offer hi there you got
one of our friends from school saw right
next to all our the weights and
everything I'm such an idiot
but that was good that was a good
workout and we're now off to go get some
dinner need to nip to asteroids buy some
food for me enjoy for tonight my mom
even came I didn't film her obviously in
the gym but my mom came to the gym with
us which was good I think she really
enjoyed it they she left a bit earlier
my dad but every single time I come to a
supermarket I end up buying unnecessary
amount of food but glad just get tempted
by everything in the store I also need
to get very liquid non-bio does it fairy
liquid non bio washing tablets that's
what as Oh must be to get the toilet
bowl is a big decision
what am I gonna wipe my mum with has to
be soft they should have like a soft
rating for toilet rolls
which one does that we normally go for
yeah I feel that and Rex is gonna be a
good one isn't it that's what I think
like they got that could be knowledge
friends in there look at that
Jackie that looks right I'll try it out
puppies on a roll
Joe and puppies on my roll but we're
wiping a bum with puppies though very
non liquid bio washing tablets per so
very very non biopods
this must be it let's get a big old one
voted number one all right guys and I am
home just got all in my shopping got
everything I needed which was really
good did I show you my new shoes earlier
as well look at my new gym shoes I
really really like them they're not just
for the gym I got them for like casual
as well I've got four pairs of gym shoes
but I just thought they're really really
cool really liked them I bought myself a
couple of pairs of shoes last week or
was it this this weekend last week
what couple last weekend a couple this
week I love shoes at the moment I don't
know why
I don't know I don't cook chicken more
it's literally been cooked in for like
one minute now and look how delicious it
looks just finishing dinner we're gonna
try something a bit different if not a
little ice that we've never tried before
when she sleeps in our bed at night time
one thing my dentist told me that I
don't do enough is floss and I'm gonna
be honest I never ever make the effort
to actually floss because I just think
it's solid knowing having to get the
little bit string and put it between my
teeth and everything so today when I
wasn't asked for us or these which is
basically you don't have to do it it's a
lazy person's floss and you can just go
like that and it's done so I'm going to
try this for the first time and I'll let
you know how it goes
all right guys I'm know tucked up into
bed or that I've turned off all the
lights and all that's in bed as well so
I don't want to turn the light on the
case it wakes her up but yeah it's been
a good day I'm glad I'm back to daily
vlogging and I'm feeling so much better
and also it was good to go to the gym
tonight for my mom and Matt because it
was good to take my mom to the gym
because she had never been to that gym
before and I'll see you tomorrow good
night
