good morning guys how you doing today
right I'm gonna have to be honest I look
so tanned what has happened maybe
because I've got all the windows open
and then at night what has happened I
look so tan anyways guys got some
explaining to do I had two days off log
in because I was literally bed bound
super super poorly and ill or sick as
you say in America wasn't actually sick
I just felt terrible and I had a
headache and I'm not even gonna bother
explaining it basically I do doze off
logging because I felt like crap
and I stand in bed so yesterday I should
have daily vlog but I didn't so instead
I'm filming this little Q&A for you so
that you still have a video gone up so I
just tweeted now saying guys ask me a
question what you want to know and
because I was ill I'm going to film your
Q&A and upload it instead of the daily
vlog video so here we go I'm going
through some questions that I saved on
my laptop so I might be looking down and
reading them off and then Chad you got
off to us all so I just had a shave and
accidently shape why do I look such a
weird Conor and I accidentally shaved
this sideburn like normal and then this
one I don't if you can see I shaved like
a line in it by accident absolute fail
anyways first question from Holly how
often do you exercise right I'm one of
those people that I tell myself every
single month right I'm gonna start
working now I'm gonna start eating
healthy I'm gonna start working out I'm
gonna do everything I possibly can to
get fit I want to get ripped I want to
be toned when it look good for this
summer when I wear my swimming costume
or my swimming shorts and I don't so I
probably work out realistically
what's that bit of her doing
realistically I probably work out like
once every two weeks not even that I
don't even know at the moment in general
I don't know because I go through stages
where I work out four times in one week
and then I don't work out for three
weeks and then I at the moment right now
I went to the gym two days ago and then
I'm
to go into the gym tonight so probably I
want to start going I'll say with what I
wanted to do but it might not happen I
want to start going about three or four
times a week maybe more but we'll start
with like three times a week
it's hard because like now I'm going
away for ten days on Friday and I'm
gonna meet in different hotels every
single night so depending if they've got
a gym or not it depends if I've got time
or not it might be jetlag it's hard when
you're traveling a lot to work out but
yeah I should be going more than I
actually do put it that way
favorite movie of all time this one's
really really hard I always tell people
whenever they asked what's your
favourite movie that movie happy I
always tell people and it'd be good to
know your favourite movie actually
because there so often I'm laying in bed
at night time and I'm not I've really
wonder what to movie but I don't know
what to watch so comment down below of
your favorite movie mine I would
probably says The Truman Show which is
I'm not gonna spoil what happens go
check it out go watch The Truman Show
but I love it I love it so so much I
really really I think it's a great
concept for a film Kelly asks if you're
in The Hunger Games would you survive
and what would your strategy be right if
I was in The Hunger Games I would be
pathetic I would literally hide in a
tree just like eating berries from the
tree for like as long as I possibly
could until I thought everybody or seven
one person was dead then I'd probably
carry on hiding until that person just
dies from starvation while I'm eating
berries in the tree or something I'm
pathetic the last thing I would ever
want to do in life is kill somebody like
I want one I wouldn't be able to live
with myself knowing that I've hurt
somebody else or not even hurt them
killed somebody so I would either try
and form a really good team and just be
like right let's stick together or
although that listen are you winning has
to be one of you or I would just hide or
just no I don't know I wouldn't be able
to kill myself either I don't get dog I
would be pathetic and hiding and hide in
a tree or something like that next
question do you secretly stalk us this
is a good question because I am on
Twitter what is my hair doing sideways
I'm on Twitter so so often like I
constantly check my mentions I
constantly check my comments on YouTube
I constantly chat while I'm tagging on
Instagram and everything like that and
so it's a stalk you guys but I would say
I probably see a lot more than what you
think I do put it that way so often I
like gon want to be like one of you
tweet me then I go on your Twitter
account then I score your tweets and
then I see something really funny for
that we've done there a favorite hit and
then everyone's like Alf is stalking
people out these are lied and it's so so
funny I went to their stalk you guys but
I do see a lot more than what you
probably assumed I see have you seen
pitch-perfect - yeah I haven't I really
really want to go and say I'm gonna have
to change arms my arm is aching from
holding the camera let me switch over
and I haven't seen pitch-perfect - yeah
although I really really want to see how
I feel I hadn't seen number one what is
that hair do love it on my hair today I
haven't seen peach but get away I was in
pitch perfect number one for a long time
since it came out so I would like to
watch bit for pitch perfect number one
then see pitch perfect number two Zoe
hasn't seen number one so we'll probably
watch it together and then watch number
two there we go done left and now I look
more normal now before I look like
really Orange like I'd faked and or
something
there we go must have just been the
lighting or the Sun no I look so much
more normal now anyways next question
are you considering getting more dogs
Zoe no I had a serious conversation this
morning about getting Nala sister now
I'm not gonna say forget it's like
anytime soon or definitely getting one
or anything like that but we did have a
talk this morning about how cute would
be if we did have two dogs so then I had
a friend and then we decided mother
would get a boy or a girl
and we think another little girl and
then we decide in what color if we were
to get another park or whether to get
like a miniature - and or something like
that we're thinking another know another
pug female maybe fallen but I don't know
obviously I'll be in a while because we
want nah let's be more mature because
then if we get a puppy once you've
already got an older dog the puppy
learns from the older dog so the part
you'd be like litter trained more
quickly sleep through the night more
quickly because it picks up things from
the other dog or from Nala in this case
thoughts on Taylor Swift's bad blood
video oh my gosh it wasn't even like a
music video it was literally like a film
bad blood music video is unbelievable I
love death and did you figure out who
took the light bulb out whilst you were
sleeping I did you so I don't know if
you have been following my daily blogs
for that long but basically I wake up
the update from Zoey tell him saying to
me happy why is there a light and I was
like Zoey stop waking me up and I didn't
let her finish the sentence also to stop
waking me up really really weird dream
about like about me taking out a light
bulb she was like obvi that's what I've
been trying to tell you there's a light
bulb next to your bed
and I looked down our bedside table down
there and there was a light bulb just
where is it I can't do this with one
hand a light bulb there and I was like I
let you dreamt I took a light bulb out
and then we looked up at that light up
there on the ceiling no light bulb in it
and I was like what is going on so then
we and we thought right if the light
bulb doesn't work if we put it back in
and it doesn't work then maybe someone
like my mom or my dad took it out once
they were over here just to be like oh
you need a new light bulb guys so we put
it back in the light and it worked so
there would be no reason why somebody
took it out of that like chandelier
thing and then I was asleep and I was
walking but if I was standing on the bed
here taking out a light bulb from there
Shirley Shirley Shirley Zoe would have
woken up but I don't know anyways ghosts
or me or something weird happened that
night we haven't figured it out yet and
it's still creepy and I haven't done it
again since should I do on purpose to
Zoey should I stop doing it every night
in scare Zoey anyways next question well
this is the last question this is a good
one as well will you come to Manila all
over Twitter yesterday and today
trending worldwide has been youtubers
come to Manila or youtubers to Manila or
something like that
and it has been going crazy now I've
looked at the flights today and it's
affordable you can get direct flight
from London which is 14 hours long
that's the only issues that if the only
issue number one is there a so many of
you that want us to go that I don't even
know what it will be like when we get
there like we'd have to have security
we'd have to rent a venue and that
that's the part that will get really
expensive and confusing because we'll
have to rent somewhere and then do like
proper lines and meets and greets and
all stuff like that so we've got fingers
something strategically something good
where you guys can have a good time I
mean somebody needs may like an event
there may be like Amity fest in Manila
but yeah we definitely want to come we
hear you we see your tweets we want to
come I've been looking at pictures of
Manila I've been asking what the
weather's like out in Manila at the
moment and I want a carpenter flights
look awesome
direct it's just literally about doing
it safely but also because it's 14 hours
away we wouldn't be able to come for
like a day or two we'd have to come for
like four or five or a week or something
like that so it means I'm gonna have to
get somebody to look off to Allah but we
hear what you're saying and we want to
come and see you guys you guys seem
crazy you see so go is so excited I've
been speaking some of the other guys
about it and they're so excited we want
to make it happen we just need to do it
in the right way so Manila we're coming
for you anyways that is it for this Q&A
I'm sorry that it was a normal daily
vlog as I was ill yesterday I didn't
vlog so I thought I would just give you
this instead I hope it was better than
nothing yeah that is about it for today
I'm daily vlogging today which will be
going up tomorrow for you guys and yeah
I'm about to go off to the gym in like
two hours so I will catch you in a bit
thank you so much for watching this
video if you enjoyed it give it a big
thumbs up give it a big thumbs up go
down below and click the thumbs up
button if you're wondering I am feeling
a lot better today as you can tell
yesterday I literally couldn't get out
of bed anyways enough from me my arm is
aching thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you tomorrow back to normal
daily vlog in
goodbye
