a little bit different to a normal blog
of mine the way in which my vlogs
normally work is that I film a video and
then the following day I edit and upload
it that's not happening today
yesterday I was stuck in meetings all
day literally from like 10 a.m. until
half past 6:00
just straight meetings so there was no
chance that I was going to be able to
vlog and that sucks that is not okay
because my job my job is many many
things but my favorite part of my job is
doing this and yesterday I didn't get to
do this
so today I've set myself the challenge I
don't know if I'm going to see I have no
choice but to succeed I don't want to
not upload a video tonight so what I'm
doing is I'm filming today very very
intensely and I'm gonna split it in half
down the middle and upload half today
and half tomorrow this morning has been
full of just sort in the house and
tidying up somehow over the last couple
of days the house has got incredibly
messy so sorry and I've just been tidy
this is the wettest I have ever been on
my trampoline hey oh my gosh oh my gosh
get in the morning backflips what was
the same before I got carried away with
that morning backflip the house is
incredibly messy that's what I was sayin
I just didn't realize when we moved I
just didn't really think about it how
much longer it would take to clean
because we don't even have a cleaner and
tidy and everything our house now is
that much bigger than the previous house
we spend so long everyday just tidying
and cleaning and tidying oh no no don't
do this to me it's my own fault it's my
own fault
I deserve it there's been there's been
one thing that I've needed to do for the
last like two months and that is take
the tent down at the end of the garden
that I bought like three months ago I
put up its killed the grass underneath
and every time I look at it and I'm like
oh I need to take that down I don't
bother doing it and I don't know why I
don't bother doing that I just it's just
one thing that I don't want to do oh
look what's just happened to it last
night no oh crap this used to be
beautiful grass like this or stripy a
nice
and now the tents falling down and my
little side table still in there and my
sofa still in there and oh crap the
worst thing is it's got a sofa inside
out so I can't even move it by myself I
will come back for you next time I've
got a friend over who can carry the
other half of the sofa I'm coming back
for you that's why you don't put off
jobs and tasks you just do it there and
then if something needs to be done get
it done it needs to be done don't just
leave it like me and be stupid in now
have a crap 10 on a positive note the
weather's looking beautiful
it stopped raining like five minutes ago
whoa
the clouds are moving fast let's go get
all time-lapse of that
I got a present for you what is this you
gonna sit now nicely you know exactly
what it is don't ya
Zoe nice subscribe to this thing called
woof box which is basically like a doggy
subscription I mean she knows exactly
what it is a doggy subscription box
where they send stuff every month
ah that's key she just wants the treats
this is artificial chicken flavor dental
health Nala look at this so that is
actually chicken flavor wait until she
bites it
I mean it's rock-solid that will take it
like ten million years to eat alright
what else have we got
oh look at this tasty liver treat
premium liver paste mmm
joints and bones grain free hand baked
treats with salmon dental life oral care
or often she likes that one
now he's died now that is so cute let's
give her one of these cheese and cracker
joy all right let's try one of these
Alfie's diner someone a bit excited
right you're gonna sit down Missy you're
gonna sit no your nose is dead Oh what's
the verdict what do you think was it
good was it yummy
was that good was it yummy
and lastly last of all we have got
tribal natural nutritious and delicious
daily dog treats created by experts oh
she wants another one
sure you play with this should play with
the water cement toy well you just want
the treats tenure that was a good little
box this time I'll give you one more
you're gonna sit down you gonna lay down
she's thanking me
she probably thinking about having
people around in silk on Nala that's
enough for now don't you get a little
funky doing no way but you any money if
you left them there we would just hear
her barking at them
what do you do in no as I said we're
sorting out the house this morning
this here inside this box is literally
Oh a teenager who likes skateboarding's
dream as you remember the other day I
was over at my parents house going
through all of their attic because it's
kind of got to the point now where
obviously this is like my future home
this house that I'm living in so my mom
and dad called me up one day and they're
like oh you know all your childhood
stuff in your attic yeah you can come in
you can come and like pick that up now
and take it out of our attic and put it
in your own at it because you've got
you've got your house now so whenever I
picked everything up but this here
inside this box is is one of the most
like simple things but memorable things
from when I was younger I don't if I
showed it in the blog the other day this
is all of my Tech Deck stuff a my light
hand boards and spare trucks and wheels
and decks and oh my gosh I used to spend
hours playing with all of this stuff the
memories honestly the memories when
playing with this stuff this is better
than any game than any app than any
oculus rift VR experience this is the
real deal like playing with toys in your
bedroom not just sitting on a console
sitting on your iPhone me and my friends
used to session this stuff way the time
I spent even just putting all the little
tender stickers on everything and I feel
like I need to invite some of my school
friends over you're all used to play
with this stuff with I'm gonna text of a
picture now it's me where's my phone
which so nearly got a fully tidy house
but it's past lunchtime now the vlog is
getting close to an end for this video
and then we're switching over and going
straight into oh look I found these as
raw the other day at my mom's
I'm so excited not that I play football
a lot it's just good to know that I've
got got boots against ever need to I
need to get in the shower I need to get
dressed because I don't even have a
shower yet today I also need to tidy
with a mess in here as well
just foot just before I get in the
shower I've just tweeted saying ask me
anything real quick you have one minute
until I'm deleting this tweet how many
kids do I want I want two kids like not
to be too picky but because I enjoyed
being the little brother when I was
growing up and having an older sister I
would love to have a daughter first then
a son but if I had a son and a daughter
I wouldn't mind if I had two sons over
in my fight I want two kids maybe three
if I got do the same gender maybe I'd
one two three I just want to see what
like my kids would look like and boy and
a girl or I don't know any new merch
coming soon yes I have got some
absolutely sick Christmas much like
coming out fairly soon actually you know
like it's lychees getting to November
it's 21st of October how is it nearly 28
anyways yes Christmas merch coming out
soon don't you worry
it's vlogging everyday stressful oh my
gosh I wish that the answer to this was
no and sometimes the answer per day is
definitely no like some of that I've
some of the best chilled days ever
making the most fun videos and then I
have days like yesterday where I'm in
meetings all blooming day and I'm having
to split my day into to the the thing we
vlog in is that say this is my job this
much of my job is blogging but this is
like the bit that everybody sees and all
of this stuff behind the scenes that
goes on starting up new companies
investing in stuff hiring staff firing
staff there's so much stuff that I do
here that nobody ever sees yeah yes it
is it's the most rewarding part it's the
most fun part it's my favorite part it's
the best price the thing that I want to
do more that more than anything else I
love it but yes it can be super super
stressful it depends what you do like if
you just spent all your day just working
to make one amazing video no it would
still be stressful
when a me in romanette were meeting up
again me Roman
we've been like messaging each other and
stuff I'm one of the drivers and in this
demolition derby that he's doing so so
whatever that is I'm flying my butt over
there and I'm in this demolition derby
this is an interesting one why did you
decide to do videos why not another
career path when I started YouTube I
didn't even know it could be a job like
nobody was earning a full-time salary
off of YouTube when I started back
nearly nine years ago now
I didn't start for it to be a job a lot
of people nowadays to start in YouTube
because they want to be a youtuber they
want to earn lots of money in have big
audiences and people watching them and
fans and all stuff like this but when I
started YouTube I didn't even have a
tripod I didn't even have a camera I
just used my little family holiday
camera on a stack of books and I was
just chatting away and like nobody was
watching I didn't I didn't know it could
be a job it kind of just happened rather
than me saying I want this to be my job
and I think that's why I love it so much
because it's always come from passion
it's never been for money it's always
just been for passion I think that's the
goal in life is to have a job that is
driven from passion and excitement and
love and that's what each of is to me
anyways I'm gonna end this vlog guys
this is so weird ending a vlog at five
minutes to three in the afternoon but I
hope you've enjoyed it if you have give
it a thumbs up again I know it's a bit
of a weird situation I just didn't want
to not load a video tonight so I've
split the day into two you've got half
today half of the like I'm good as
literally an hour shower get changed and
then stop another vlog which is going to
got tomorrow and I've got something
super exciting planned in that video to
happen with Zoe if she's up for it she
doesn't know yet but I haven't seen it
done before on YouTube like I think we
could be the first people to do it
subscribe if you're not already link
down below to my merchandise if you want
to go grab a knee and I'll catch you
technically tomorrow but kind of in like
10 20 minutes see you tomorrow goodnight
guys goodbye
you
