good morning guys
it is Sunday it is shopping day I went
to bed last night at coordinates of 4
which was extremely late and then I woke
up at 9 o'clock which is pretty early so
all good yeah today there's X Factor
auditions in Church of square we're
shopping right now it's not really like
we've already been shopping for an hour
I just forgot to start my vlog we
brought him into Topshop and as usual we
went to the personal shopping bit and it
was amazing how was it zone Olivia in
really nice like such yeah we told them
we talked Topshop yesterday that we were
going to come this morning
so Carla and Olivia got like smoothies
and you enjoyed
wait weren't your boy super got we're
going to blog and yeah we told Olivia
and Carla that we were going to Topshop
and poppin this morning so they got us
like you'll get some fruits and
smoothies and croissants and stuff like
that so thank you so much Gallagher it's
awesome if you guys haven't been to the
top all at the x-factor thing if you
guys haven't been to Topshop personal
shopper I can't speak I'm getting
distracted by so many things go say
hello to the girls and lovey don't have
divisive thing hey tiger oh yeah and
joins arrows rather he wasn't there
today let's go say hello to them is
amazing
look at this militia shall I just
audition for X Factor I may as well
we're all in it we lost in the YouTube
boy bad shoes drop in China dies
sean is trying to make me get these
which are like Pig Trotter shoes into my
uncle had some yeah major the hard for
me to do them like run around although I
reckon it actually really complicated by
don't 11 they will man time my absolute
favorite we are back home finally
amazing day of shopping and it is time
to see what's happening with this don't
vote a yeah by its unclip their snarly
you're not coming in the hot tub Missy
oh my god is it warm it's actually it's
really woman is it y'all yeah also came
up with the buckles on yeah you can turn
the message they not it's all on the
left you just put this on the floor yeah
look at that let's take the claw renting
out shooter the bobble thing on for the
first time you ready I think it this one
and then weight unlock it and it's
steaming
yeah yes look at but I want to go for my
short it's like steam it I'll get it
over I gotta go put my shorts on papi is
making what is it a banana ice cream -
what frozen banana look at that
challenge video the frozen banana
challenge oh my gosh alright while
you're making that Zoe's eat no lunch
I'm gonna go put my spirits on it's time
to get in the hot tub get it in the hot
tub yeah I am so excited where I need to
take my top off one minute
they're diving
we should be let's go sorry you're not
even in his swimming costume are you all
come on then
you ready y'all oh my gosh oh my god
oh my gosh this is the best thing oh my
gosh this this is some good how good is
this this is the best purchase ever
temperature because it's soft you can
lean on it as well what's happening baby
baby
now let's confused she doesn't know
what's going on this is like the best
thing ever if we turn the bubbles off
then it just turns into like a little
swimming pool plan effect there we go no
you probably hear me okay so you're
what's your line line my goal hahaha I'm
too scared to get out guys it's gonna be
so cold as soon as I step out the door
so we in here
mm-hmm did you in here as well we in
yeah no super buddy gosh yeah come on
this is it but I would have film you
trying to get out cuz it's so cold out
here I wanted where's your towel down
here no you gotta come get it like
everyone else come on that's not fair
man that's not that's the benefit of
being the last person no no sister pass
you that's not it that's not how it goes
come on a scout I know what you're like
look at the out and you're not let me
have it
come on
cold he always so cold it's freezing
dressed and out of the hot tub my hair
is a mess I just had a shower - you're
the chlorine off of me and now we are
having hot dog diggity doll we got some
more of those jumbo they want where they
called posh hot dogs that one we've got
some more posh hot dogs and little buns
I hear you got your salad from yesterday
from put inside there oh it doesn't look
the happiest does it but look how good
these look that's a shorter pop off now
guys
we've just worked out that the next time
I see these two they're coming down this
weekend but obviously I'm flying to
Toronto on Friday so the next time I see
you guys is going to be in New York on
your butt
yeah that's how I'm seniors on your left
in New York what that's so crazy
that's so sick goodbye ah don't know the
last time I blogged guys all I know is I
suddenly feel so ill I just had a nap oh
yeah I definitely got whatever Zoey had
or has or whatever over the last couple
of days I feel so poorly just like
drained and like groggy and soulless
naughty and sniffily and not good not
good but I know I've got a delicious
dinner
I've got asparagus and chicken and
linguini which is going to be delicious
to eat
and hopefully the temperature the heat
of it open up my nose Airways or
whatever they are yeah I think I'm going
to end the vlog now both of my videos
have gone live and that's one so thank
you so much for the sport because I've
been sitting here since I woke up just
reading the comments and read in the
comments and they're always so lovely so
thank you so much for that
the time is currently
10 16 10 16 and I'm gonna go to sleep
after eat this because I agreed with my
friend max that I would go to the gym
tomorrow morning with him at 9 o'clock
well I have got to meet him at the gym
because he can't use his car tomorrow so
I've got to meet him at the gym at 9
o'clock I can't be late it has to happen
I want to start working out anyways guys
yes I have been watching 21 Jump Street
in bed and knowledge here as well this
is goodness now both while your laptop's
out this side laptop Club was eaten
dinner bossed in bed I'm gonna end the
vlog thanks again for watching the video
guys I hope you enjoyed it if you did
you know what don't give it a thumbs up
call down below and click that button I
never told you guys to subscribe so if
you're not subscribed feel free to
subscribe I also have a main channel
it's weird as I sometimes think maybe
you watch this channel and you don't
know that I have another channel debts
larger gets like more views than this
channel now some people could watch my
daily vlogs and not know that other main
channel do you think that never promote
my main channel and my blog is that
never know people could find this just
because they like daily vlog in and then
not realize that I've a main channel so
I make other videos than this as well i
make gaming videos i'm going to upload
some more sims videos this week i
promise you i think i've got two
episodes done and then yeah I fly to
Toronto on Friday so I've got a lot to
get done this week before Friday anyways
I'm going to sort well in waffle it walk
a little a waffle in what is waffling
wind
I don't think not so word every I just
made it up comment down below what you
think waffling should mean anyways it'll
look the same as Buffalo yeah well just
waffle in yeah what fling
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow morning
bright and early in the gym good night
