good morning guys so it is currently one
o'clock in the afternoon I haven't
looked this morning because I was
editing in bed and then my sister and I
boyfriend of my mum came around we had
some breakfast and tea with them and
separate very British we having a cup of
tea this morning
what's motioning up to do still but
first of all I am going for lunch with I
don't you guys probably do know more
than we but that are into gaming there's
a group of gamers in London called the
site or so haven't done my hair so sorry
about this sorry about my hair there's a
good game it's in London called the
sidemen and two of them have come to
braixen today so I'm gonna go and hang
out with them at two o'clock so I have
one hour and eight minutes to film a new
main child video for tomorrow and I've
just read discern I'm doing a challenge
with you I'm guessing you guys have
already seen you might not see what it
is it's going on the same day as this so
I am getting the forfeit things see
enough I've got them in the fridge I've
just tweeted now saying give me
something to do as a forfeit for my new
main channel video you guys will tweet
me four bits
and now I've got to see cuz a lot of
them are food weather we've got them in
our cupboards no fridge here's one of
them got some mayonnaise some mayonnaise
we've got that another one with lemons
but I don't think we've got any lemons
at the moment I feel like I I threw them
out the other day
another popular on was Marmite so I
don't know if we've got that again so it
is over here we've got we've got
mayonnaise we've got what else do you
need when he checked my phone I should
hurry up I need to get filming and the
last one very important oh I should have
done now
the last ones dog food
I just should've known as dog food she's
gonna think it's lunchtime oh no guys
somebody heard me oh she thinks it's her
lunch time I don't know what to do now
so I just give her a couple just yeah I
just give her a little handful
there we go baby right the filming is
done guys it was absolutely disgusting
let's just say I didn't come off too
well mother where are we going now
look how excited she is what's this
we're gonna walk
she'll gonna walk notice you better walk
you go look at cute yes
country just smell good that tree smell
nice
coming in good girl giving a nice drink
after your walk yeah you are right just
finished up that walk it was so lovely
the weather out there is absolutely
amazing today guys
didn't really film too much because I
was just more hanging out with them so I
don't ever get to see those two
especially me and Tosh always speak a
lot on like Twitter and Facebook and
stuff like that or Skype mainly and
don't ever really see them but they both
come down to Brighton tonight to see
Jamie performed tonight which has got
one of their friends like cool off
tonight couple of minutes but first I
was like wow then I'm just going back
and go I never seen her in like a month
or two like ages we also showed you
earlier new shoes on
stupidly I didn't wear socks and my feet
so much I come literally walking really
weirdly because my feet hurt so much
from these shoes why did I wear new
shoes and those socks
worst decision in the world finished up
seeing my grandma is really really good
time and catch up and have a cup of tea
with her and everything and now we are
in whom base because for the jacuzzi we
haven't got anything to fill it up now
outside we have like a tap for a what's
it called they see I'm a hosepipe thing
but we don't like the green pipe yeah
side right I've got a hose pipes all
right how much sweet one of them melted
yeah we should get a pink one we get a
big green one M&S food times really
marks dispenses juice a food shopping
lovely straw bruise came--it loads of
stuff the good juices let's go in on the
fruit and vegetables
get those in there pretty breeze get
them in there
rabies get them in there bananas let's
get some in there
five bananas five Bruno nose get them
very old get those nectarines then wait
Chui where wait should we get some stuff
like pineapple it's good
or don't only think it was what's not a
lot of effort yeah we might as well get
like sliced pineapple just because I
don't want to be I don't want to be the
one kind now
right we are back home and it is time to
get this guy open and working I kind of
don't have a pump so hopefully it comes
with a pump if not we're a little bit
screwed what's inside what's inside
don't know what that is get away she
left it now oh we got two boxes prices
do not calculate for to not cut through
this all right that is obviously the hot
tub and then this I'm guessing is there
what's it called I'm scared to cut it
now just do it gently look at this baby
look how sick that looks right there is
two parts to this I don't have a clue
what this is is this a cupboard you
think we'll put that on to one side this
is obviously the hot tub e tub number
one done
number two no the inflation hose to
adapt to a on the pump so this big guy
to a step three check some pump
something Shawn press that button this
one listen no this one here
we got it working
all right we just screwed in all of
those little bits all good I think so
I hope their next step all right we had
to move the pool a bit closer because we
didn't buy a hose that was long enough
so we're just filling it up now it's
currently nine o'clock update time it is
up to here so it's probably got don't
know nearly a third probably about a
third done maybe a bit under there maybe
a quarter so it's probably gonna take
like another hour and a half or
something but the pizzas have arrived
that we disordered it ordered some
healthy pizza what was this one well
football it's fairly healthy hey babes
look at that loads of good stuff no no
don't be Insurance pizza so inside while
the hot Sun is heating up it doesn't
look promising guys it's gone up one
degree in the last 45 minutes I don't
think we're gonna be able to get in it
today 18 degrees at the moment we need
it to be around 36 yeah these two just
sharing a current you Sharon she takes
out of his mouth she doesn't actually
want it at all she's like look I can be
as cute as a guinea pig no no hurry
she's trying to be a guinea pig she's
like I can do that not it doesn't even
like it
you're being greedy missus here you go
here you go mr. gnarly you need to learn
to share know you're biting it up and
you're not even eating it
Oh guys I thought we were gonna get
there in the hot tub tonight fight it
realize how long they take to heat out I
thought it's gonna take like an hour at
a job that takes like eight or 10 hours
to heat up or something so we're gonna
heat it overnight and then we're gonna
have to go in it in tomorrow's vlog I'm
afraid because there's no point getting
in it if it's freezing like literally
holes villager that's it at least it's
I'm excited for tomorrow
see it up it's gone at one degree it's
currently 18 yeah by tomorrow night or
tomorrow morning I mean any morning
before we are out we're going shopping
tomorrow so before we go shopping we
want to obviously watch the sunrise in
the hot tub yeah but can we see the
sunrise from our garden
that's the question just go into bed now
and I decided I'm gonna put tonight my
new braces and these are number six
which I'm really excited about they
don't ever really hurt anymore people
said to me before I got Invisalign ah so
I saw at first so far only once did the
ache for like a day and then since then
they just haven't ate at all so I'm
about to put my new braces I'm really
sorry that the hot tub oh my gosh my
hair looks awful that the hot tub didn't
go ahead tonight it's currently 23
degrees were leaving it on overnight to
heat up to 36 degrees but tomorrow
morning which is exciting I've now got
edit this vlog because tomorrow we're
gonna like shop in and do like unpacks
all day so I'm gonna edit this vlog but
right now after I end it and then I'm
also going to try and start editing or
maybe even finish my main Channel video
which would have gone up tonight for you
guys so make sure that you go over to
that video and check it out it was super
super fun and I prank called Tanya
really well thank you so much guys and
I'll see you tomorrow
good
night
