good morning guys how are you doing
today which one should I pick then turn
turn turn turn I'll go for this one
again squat your handle myself a juice
and though you want as well I have just
finished actually for making Zoe one I
should probably do the bigger one
I've just finished editing yesterday's
going on and uploaded that scheduled for
5 p.m. tonight
I'm getting really good at this 5 p.m.
schedule thing I really really like it
like I'm so glad that I've now got like
a time that you guys know when the
videos going up I know when the movie
has to go up by and it's just like a
mutual agreement and it's not better for
both of us I don't ever really know what
I'm going to put in today's then apple
banana spinach drawn raspberries maybe
Apple bananas spinach will be enough and
of course I'll get some ice as well to
make it nice and cold I mean I'm going
to be honest now the juice hasn't
exactly turned out the color I I was
hoping it to me it looks more like
really thick gravy tastes good though my
last surprise me literally tastes
nothing like what it looks like bye guys
I've got to rush off so quick I've got a
meeting and I was meant to be there I
meant to be there in one minute right
I've got to go I'll catch off from our
meeting I got so good at being on time
recently guys and then today I just let
it slip basically I've got a meeting my
dad at two o'clock which was like 10
minutes ago but I didn't realize I
didn't know where it was at 2 o'clock or
three o'clock so I had only spoken to
him about it last week and I was trying
to bring him but he was working in
another meeting so I couldn't get
through to him until 21 minutes to 2:00
so then he rung me in like 20 to 2:00
and was like what could be there 20
minutes not like what I believin got
dressed yet
slides had to rush now but nearly there
just finished up my meeting still here
now although the people from the meeting
have left just me right I've left this
place is really really cool look at that
it's like a sick little venue really
nice it's so nice in there this is like
right in the center of Brighton
throughout this is another reason I love
fighting you can get buildings that look
normal on the outside and a sit inside
am l to another meeting it is much worse
I would be there in 17 minutes and it's
probably about 15 minute walk away and
you need to also get lunch at the same
time so it's going to be quite a rush I
will see you after the meeting good this
hot chocolate looks and then there's
dad's coffee daddy's home Jennsen dinner
didn't do that right I think Nora is
hungry for her lunch guys you ready sit
down sit get your gun and you have your
lunch
all right back home now guys after all
my meetings my lunch my coffee
everything like that I'm feeling so fill
up and energized for the day my vlog is
going live in like five minutes it's
already 5 p.m. my vlog has gotta live in
five minutes geez probably Shawn have
just got into Brighton now off the train
and she just found me like Alfie I mean
for the hot tub up yet and I was like no
because it's not sunny day I think maybe
tomorrow when it's sunny and she was
like but the reason why get a hot tub is
because it's hot it doesn't need to be
sunny to have so don't know ever to put
it up now or not I don't know if you use
it today or tomorrow that is my question
right now and I also don't know every
where to put it and I drop it on the
grass drop it on this this bit here
don't put it around the corner I'll I
don't know where I'm going to put it and
I don't know where I'm going to put it
but all I know is that I am so excited
to use it
we got a blooming hot tub what the hell
d it is dinner time yeah this Ramin lose
ever night I always think it doesn't
as most for me outside no it is nice I
really like it now we are off to Jamie
Oliver's restaurant Jamie's Italian to
go for dinner with poor with poppy Shaun
mum and dad we're meeting them there and
we're on time we were so nearly late but
we're not you've got two minutes to get
there and it's just in the other side
especially has how much I know
yep we've got two minutes so it's all
good are you excited yeah so he doesn't
feel very well
I don't feel too hungry I don't know I
don't feel hungry it's not like I've
eaten a lot Wow town is busy I forgot
guys it's the music festival isn't it
the moment the town is very busy but
luckily we've booked a table hi yeah so
nuts down there for so Jamie gave us I
don't have been awesome to the table and
he gave us a bottle of champagne when I
write it again
if my pastors arrived delicious is
always be Jamie's sausage interesting
everyone else got steaks as septums are
we also got the same posture as me
how was the realtor what are you good I
couldn't taste it you couldn't know why
not oh so he feels poorly guys so she's
got that annoying thing initially but
that annoying thing where she a part
tasting food properly which sucks so
annoying when it kind of kept in as I'm
eating didn't lose I want to go to a
nice restaurant but also it's just worse
because it's like you're not properly
ill it's just annoying in between stage
really like even make me ill and get
this over with or don't be here you're
getting into that stage well at least
it's gonna be over soon
right yeah now one z way home after
delicious dinner Thunder I forgot
something in Jamie's encore no
righty-tighty smite de by dy t I'm all
tucked up into bed now guys and or
somebody else just text me who was that
my mother I'm up to sleep now guys so
thank you so much for watching today I
don't actually know what I filmed today
because I spent most of it in meetings
and obviously I'm not going to film that
because I can't talk about some of the
stuff I was talking about in the
meetings and also it's boring for you
guys so I don't know what I filmed today
how are you feeling any better come here
come and say hello and get back to the
blog that still got my makeup on I need
to take it off you take it off I need to
do my teeth as well so we can both go
and do that at the same time sniffily
sniffles sniffily um yeah that's about
it hopefully the sun's going to be out
tomorrow it's made you better weather
tomorrow and Sunday which means we might
be able to get the hot tub out although
the government doesn't know yeah okay he
said to me earlier it doesn't need to be
sunny to get a long time now long yeah
that's what I mean
a hot tub is hot so you can have it in
any weather so we do need a hose pipe
though oh we do know
don't walk in oh no no not here we this
is one thing about dog that I never
thought about what we have to ignore it
she was fast asleep ten seconds ago
right carry on as normal
I'm gonna go to sleep now guys thank you
so much watching today thank you so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed how are
you excited for this weekend because we
can spend it with my family yeah we can
spend it with my family and we can get
the hot tub our stuff we need to cook at
home should we just go to sleep with the
vlog on are you come to say goodbye you
come and sleep with us no no bring her
up here she can come to sleep I think
she's obsessed this is her new favorite
toy oh no don't she's gonna jump in my
face she's not she just wants it back
she was asleep with it just now I call
it Oh J gonna get so excited
rawr no sorry she's just a second ago
it's JAXA from the barking dog though
look at is that your best friend turned
to clay
oh good the squeak why should we get
sleep yeah let's go see good angle no
night guys
is it bad oh I didn't realize it was
that bad good night that's not lying
good night you say good night to me for
today
come here for a photo I catch you
tomorrow guys can i I can't reach my
hand view enough to do it good night
night
