good morning guys now today we have a
mystery package don't dawn all I know is
this is fragile on the side not joking I
actually know what this is already but I
just I open it with you guys because I
used to do a little segment in there
quite a lot of my videos back when I
lived in my flat where I would open on
my daily vlogs my mail with you guys you
can see what it is so let's open this
one together from watching these videos
you guys probably know that juicer that
I use every single day like the green
one that's really really simple and nice
and easy to use
that was me like 25 pounds or something
which is really really good for a juicer
and because I've been using it a lot
I've seen this one online I've seen a
lot of people using this one and I
thought you know what it's a hundred
pounds I'm just going to step up again
take my juices a little bit more
seriously and try something a bit a bit
better for juicers I don't know if that
makes sense it's basically the same
thing but like a nicer version but I
thought that I make enough juices now
most days I make a juice with it that
I'll try spending a bit more money and
see what this one is like so you've got
this main thing here which I'm going to
admit I can't touch this bit it feels
like listen like nails down a chalkboard
it's that one texture I just can't
handle I don't really have much fruit at
the moment so this is this is the best I
can do okay so I've got a shot of acai
berry I've got some strawberries banana
and spinach and then I've got some teeth
ice cubes so it's ice in the shape of
teeth I don't if you guys can see that
it's not focusing and just instead of
adding water just so it's nice and cold
I'm just going to put that in the top
okay I think it's done wow that's good
but actually to get a really supply-side
India now it tastes very nice I'm just
going to go back upstairs now edit the
day you blog Zoey is at meeting like
meetings all of today like literally all
of today so I don't know when we'll be
seeing her in the vlog or not I think I
might go along and catch one of the
meetings with Nolan take her along so
that I can go but yeah I'm not only too
sure just go back into bed with Nala to
edit my daily vlog and drinking my juice
and I've just been texting on my phone
Jamie Oliver who is currently doing a
petition to try and get a million
signatures for Food Revolution day which
I believe is this Friday so he's just
dropped a song now on Facebook about it
it's got like Professor Green Ed Sheeran
like so many amazing people in it and
basically he needs a million signatures
to try and get education about healthy
eating and eating the right food into
education so it's like standard for
people to learn about what foods a good
view and to eat and to how to like live
a healthy lifestyle I suppose which is
absolutely amazing and I fully believe I
had the opportunity and I fully believe
that everybody should have that
opportunity so please go down below I'll
even down a link down below to the
petition please sign it and share it
with your friends and get your fam
members to sign it every single
signature account like he's currently on
eight hundred and fifty thousand these
videos give like 400,000 views a video
so if everybody here was to sign it
everybody watching this video we would
reach the target
I'll show you bit the video now
obviously it's on Jamie Oliver's
Facebook page you can find it there
right let me play a little
for me to support food revolution day I
start telling a few things write a few
things down and then he only went and
wrote an answer is it simple we're the
only ones who save our lives
click the link below to the petitioner
so it doesn't take time so you need to
just pair it do the right thing
sign it share it we need to clean
Nikki's rap in the stomach
my guys are now is enter fighter who
asked me tonight
I'm gonna go see him form now
I wanna see you right
I'm gonna close
I just got back from lunch with Jeremy
loops and as you saw I saw him perform I
only told you very very briefly and I
don't know if you could understand
because I was running in torrential rain
for my taxi to the venue where the gig
was basically there is a festival the
moment inviting called The Great Escape
which is a really really cool popular
festival and Brighton and it may see
shuts down every single like venue in
Brighton and then there's apps and like
musicians perform him at all times of
the day so Jeremy was performing on a
Wednesday is today is it Wednesday
Thursday today Thursday on the Thursday
at 2 o clock lunchtime and people were
like getting into it people were having
like a beer people like dancing it was
sick and that's like 2 o'clock on a
Thursday this festival is awesome and
it's happening tomorrow and Saturday as
well
I will leave his links down below if you
guys want to check him out he has just
dropped his new song in the UK called
down south I say you go check it out and
go and buy it but it is up to you take a
listen
it is amazing anyways guys and so they
really really really cool happened
earlier I ordered something the other
night and I tweeted it I'll try and put
the tweet up on the screen now so you
can see what I tweeted and Zoe doesn't
know about it I bought something really
really cool and I haven't asked Zoe if
it was ok to buy yet but I just thought
you know what I'm just gonna do it and
surprise her and hopefully she will like
it I'm pretty sure she will so it was
meant to arrive on Saturday and my
sister and her boyfriend are coming and
staying on Saturday night so I was like
amazing we can use it on Saturday it
arrived today early don't know why they
didn't tell me it was arriving early and
this is it I've covered it up under here
so that when Zoe gets here in a minute
I'm going to film her reaction and ask
her to pull the cloth off and then I'll
see what she thinks you guys still don't
know what it is so I'm so excited the
mystery box what is it
don't dun dun Zoe's hey did you have a
fun day so much fun or should actually
we should mention in this blog your
texture day
no it's killing already is it yeah
really really well in order to explain
okay so I'm working with a charity
called track stock which aims to help
and support young adults aged between 18
and 30 through cancer and post cancer
which i think is an awesome cause and so
if you guys want to donate its prize eyo
so if everything you donate you can get
things back so I think I like customs
are the t-shirts that never our Skype
calls ribs already anyone who donates
anything so it can be one dollar one
pound or a thousand dollars if you're
feeling super generous anything you
donate it should be any amount you get
entered into a raffle and the winning
prize of the raffle is obviously drawn
at complete random will get to come to
Brighton wherever you live in the world
you will get to come to Brighton and we
can spend the day together doing
whatever you want make it eight not on a
walk you can take not on a walk you can
take up knowledge pick it but yeah so
I'm I like that's not what you've been
doing today no that's not I've been
doing today but anyway if you're
watching this pause the video now go
donate donate and then leave a comment
but there's not even like you're just
donating now you're literally gonna get
something for it as well yeah and also
it's such an amazing cause and I feel
like I was thinking in the taxi on the
way back I was like everyone is like so
sometimes we don't realize how far our
money can go do you not I mean like even
buying a chocolate bar these days is
like 50 P one day what just one day
don't make something is said all if you
can't donate then share it with someone
who might be able to or matches if you
think next time that our I really want
that drink and it's three pounds or that
sandwich don't need it I just want it
like I'll only give it to myself if I
then donate the same amount hmmm yeah
definitely don't want to do that then
donate the money said anyways I don't
even link down down below for that it's
time for sorry to see this these guys
haven't seen this by the way so this was
meant to arrive on Saturday for when
poppy and Shona here but it arrived
early today so sick these guys haven't
even seen it either no I don't guess
just fill it open
birthday beekeeper hi why would I want a
beehive no Joe me to pull out and they
get your reaction okay yeah yeah
ready they don't even see what it is yet
oh my god whoa
how sick is that laughs so guys when I
tweeted the other night this is what it
is a blow-up hot tub if it's six people
when you were saying to your Murr we
were around
alvey's mom's everyday he whispered to
her I was like he's gonna play a prank
on me and he's like trying to like scare
me I told you I got a hot tub I've been
terrified the last few days look at it
how sick is that that's the thing he
told up yeah 40 degrees it goes - which
is like really hot look there's ray with
my bed paddling pool yeah and it's blow
up as well
okay and there's Sean and there's you
and there's many all right poppy all
right Sean haha it's cool isn't it yeah
I really like it yeah blowing no it's
caught with a pump and everything with
it and it comes with all the stuff yeah
right so just got home from you're not
gonna believe me I left my SD card at
home I took my camera and I went to film
to show you and I didn't have my bat my
memory card in the camera so I couldn't
film by being honest look who I'm
wearing I went to the gym just now with
my friend Max and then I went for
Nando's for dinner which was delicious
and now I've got something to eat
something to show you guys I told you
that I was going to tell you like two
days ago and I never got around to
telling you so as you know the golden to
get competition messed up completely
because it just went crazy and the app
broke so we've got two methods of fix
now today on until your method one so in
the back of all of the points book twos
there is a page basically this one here
which is like a mystery competition so
if you go
fill out your name your email address
and you send it in lets you post it and
then you put a stamp on there in that
corner it's going to send to an office
in blink which is my book publisher they
are then going to put them all fold them
all up and put them into a massive box
or like some sort of raffle thing and
I'm on video going to pick ten of them
and then I'm going to meet those ten of
you so that is one way that we're going
to resolve this issue of the golden
ticket competition meant messing up
there is also another method but I'm
going to tell you that in another video
where I'm going to meet up to another
ten of you so previously I was going to
be ten now I'm going to be up to 20 of
you which is so exciting and again we
can hang out and we can go for a dinner
together we can do something really
really cool so basically the last page
in the pointless book to that page there
cut it out fill it out and send it and
you have got up until Friday the 29th of
May Friday the 29th and then 10 of you I
will be hanging out with for the day
anyways my camera battery is flashing
like mad so that is the book competition
half resolved another ten I'll tell you
that another time super exciting I'm
going to end the vlog now because it is
half past eleven though he is asleep
next to me Nala is asleep or that
probably woken Zuri up I'm waking you up
kind of woken up anyways yeah thank you
so much for watching today if you
enjoyed if you're excited for the hot
tub hopefully I'm going to be able to
use it on Saturday poppy and Shana
coming tomorrow night I'm all going out
for dinner with my family
and then Saturday popping Shana staying
over so if you want me to use the hot
tub with them and that on the weekend
give the video a thumbs up and so
excited so we just got a hot tub a hot
tub oh my gosh right
and it's guys I'll catch you tomorrow
thank you so much watching today
remember to go sign Jamie's petition
down below I'll see you tomorrow good
night I just wrapped a Nala to bed but
she's been so the absolute cutest is
cuddling up to both of us looking listen
all of us Louis know Alex because he
said that bad
Oh Oh literally at night time guys this
is why it's hard to make us lose that
favorite sorry mother did I get a bit
close I'll thank you you're thank you
okay all right give me your cutters now
let me be one arms going this this is
what my hands do at night I'm not even
kidding don't they yeah you sleep with
your wrists like that I see with my
wrists under mm-hmm
