good morning hey some of you guys decide
my vlog
yeah it's walking on the beach it's not
really the morning I think it's like 11
or 12 o'clock I had the super productive
morning the blog is already up and
edited and waiting to go live tonight at
5 p.m. Zoe is just gone from meeting
with Maddie literally just round that
corner down there in the little
restaurant and I think I'm gonna meet up
with them for lunch in like half an hour
so I just said okay I'll just jump in
the same taxi and where shall I go yeah
welcome here and I was like yeah I'll
just have been the same taxis you and
then I'll jump out and instead of going
into your meeting obviously I'm not
going to do that I'll go shopping from
there so I don't really know what the
aim of me going shopping is wherever I'm
gonna buy some I really want some new
shoes don't want to get hit by a car so
I'm gonna get up the road
so I just bought some pens buyers to
sign some books for you check this out
look at that yo
so just finished shining a load of them
for you guys so you can go into direct
mr. Biderman bit where the charts are
there all signed in there for you random
little Market stores right next door the
shopping center just telling like
delicious food so said Brighton is
literally the place to be if you've
never been before someone's always
friend to came down the other day no
fact all of them who came down the other
day we're like we've never been fighting
before never interpreter guides if you
live in the UK or you live abroad and
you come into the UK visit writer trust
me
can we just talk about how expensive
clothes and shoes are at the moment like
I swear when I was younger pair of jeans
used to be like 20 pounds at maximum
like 1999 or something now I just want a
new pair of jeans and they're like 59
pounds that's when they would date ulis
I also just want a pair of shoes Hey
yeah of course you can
how are you doing I love your hair yeah
as I was saying guys clothes have got so
bloomin expensive I just went to go get
a pair of shoes
and they were literally like completely
normal just nothing special at all 75
pounds 75 pounds 7 that's nearly a
hundred pounds for one pair of shoes I
swear when I was younger expensive shoes
were like 40 pounds normal shoes were
like $29.99 what has happened to this
world guys literally a normal pair
padded ass anyways I didn't get them got
some other summery shoes instead anyways
now guys I'm off to Bill's Zoey imagine
finish their meeting so I'm just gonna
go they're on their way now going to
grab a table for us three and we're
gonna have some delicious healthy lunch
or so I just went to a little healthy
shop up there calm member the name of it
and just got some healthy snacks which
is good right Zoey and Maggie in our and
I just bought some pond water for a
drink trying to be healthy and then look
what Zoey wedding gone
explain what it is lemonade with vanilla
ice cream
quickly drink it
look how good our lunch looks sweet
potato fries and then naked burger and
these guys got halloumi burgers another
cafe that I go in all the time a new if
my dad and my mum now occasionally
they've just opened a new one down here
looking over there that's so cool
let they just open a new one here is
this is a much better version of Subway
basically you choose your breath then
your filling and then you pay look how
nice the breads look oh yeah on his way
down now it hasn't had lunch so I'm
gonna pull over a petrol station I was
like no way I'll get you a nice sandwich
I'm down so what should we get him the
baguette big began okay all right we're
going to go with the ham and cheddar for
living on one of these big things here
big old butt gets rolled out to get some
calculators now finished up after lunch
I want to go for this cupcake we are now
back from town and finished up all of
our little things this one is the rest
of Louise Louise oh you're not even in
focus this stupid camera there we go
there's good now supposed to be your guy
oh is that at the monastry one oh is
that your guy your guy you need to eat
your guy I sit on the top of that Louie
is finally in the country which means we
are and you'll hang out catch up every
six months three months every nice
brownie you go in for three months there
dies every four months three times a
year we have like a annual capture where
do we comes over for the day and we just
chill and hang out and go for dinner and
this is this is the day this is the
catch-up day have you been man
crazy travelling but it's nice to date
it's good weather it's like so yeah I
know it's crazy
knowledge having some ice cream which
don't worry guys doggie ice cream does
the ice cream yeah did you not know
about this she loves it don't why she
hasn't eaten all of
today you only give her a bit at a time
this book here got sent to me today
which I hadn't actually seen in like
physical copy and I was like what is
this can you guess what it is
can you guess it is the pointless book
but the Swedish Edition which is sick
how cool is that I would never know that
that's my book from the front of it
well obviously books it's not in English
actually this is my name so probably
would I think that's cool and the back
of it still got the pictures on it and
everything and that so if you once we'd
in and you want to copy of my book if
you live in Sweden there we go I think
it's out now I don't actually know I'm
gonna say it's out now going to be
confident it is out now you can go get
it
did you enjoy your ice cream did you do
you want some more
you've already have enough Missy you
can't have any more as oh he's got some
video editing to do so she has stayed at
home and Louie and I after moshimo this
I won't betray the other day if you
member is sushi which means healthy
that's what the matters to me but you do
it but somebody focus just arrived
Lichter inhabit little boat here I got
some tuna and I don't know what that is
don't know what that is and I got some
salmon plus some rice Louie is so
chuffed with his
lobster and then of course we got loads
of little side plates and stuff that
we've grabbed off of here as it goes
around and then of course I don't ever
told you guys you go probably know my
then go through these don't stuff like
that and Jeremy Lewis
he's not on toys she'd read from the
geeks ending at the moment and he's
doing once more invited so he's heading
out here now we've got something about
suit to look like Jeremy's arrived now
guys he just come here and talk to my
boat with a bigger boat look at the size
of his boat not that hungry and he was
like yeah that's one
must feel even any with Lois and Jimmy
Louie it off now after Namibia casually
to learn how to fly plane
Milo Cessna like willing the
single-engine plane or try not to crush
it although I think I just follow your
advice and maybe get right will it's
like I genuinely said this delivery guy
it's like dude do you have no because
you're flying to like it's like the aim
of Louie's trip if you guys don't know
do your viewers know yeah are you
explaining si leak too much okay so me
and JP the friend my friend I met in New
Zealand are planning this big global
flight around the world which is
happening early next year but I need to
learn to fly a plane in order for that
to happen because on my own pace okay so
we haven't seen what he's buying it
Louie needs to have to take over but
you're not getting lessons he's just
teaching you ain't gonna teach me get in
in the copilot see you know I'm gonna
you know do you have any idea if you
have any idea at all no I think you
missed anything no you know what if you
go into someone else's airspace oh sorry
I don't know you can teach me lingo the
baby like yeah so we're trying to plan
what my next hanging out and I said
because of the dog was it's harder to
travel at the moment I'll come pick you
up in the 15 minutes there's Airport
isn't now let's do what's the little one
called
it's a little guy yeah there's a little
air for like 15 minutes away how well
perfectly right let us know where we
should fly in the plane we can do me UPS
man you're Manning fields and Leon you
guys have to come oh it's a good hanging
out I'll see you soon yeah the ops II
definitely yes
