good morning guys
it is currently 848 I've already got up
taken all her out for the toilet but her
upstairs giving her breakfast made me
and Zoey breakfast we're eating it now
and then I have also emptied and
refilled the dishwasher I've got a
meeting like I said yesterday at the end
of yesterday's video this morning some
guessing their work there's gonna be
like a little chunk out of the day
missing just like three or four hours or
something so be prepared for that yeah
that is it I will update you further on
my life as time goes on all right I
finished up all my meetings for today
it went on an hour longer than what I
thought it was going to go on but it was
really good really really productive and
I got a lot done and now it is time for
lunch
someone ringing me was that text then
discern a whatsapp and yeah I've got a
lunch now which is a bit of a childish
lunch but it's good look at it rate it
out of 10 in the comments I've got some
chicken Bhushan's potato rosti x' and
some beans and I made Zoe the same as
well and then now I'm just going to
quickly chat with chegs I think we're
going to film some gaming videos
together later but I'm not too sure I've
also got an awesome gaming video going
up tonight that I edited really late
last night bed so if you're watching
this the gaming videos are already gone
up with Zoe
we're playing mini golf and I'm being
serious it gets so hilarious at the end
like actually really funny so not just
saying it to self Pro go but go check it
out I probably all forget to leave a
link down below but you can find it on
printers blog games yeah that's it I'm
going to eat my lunch now before it gets
cold so we're now in pets at home and I
think I didn't show you guys buzz
basically buzz has been Zoe what's it
called now what's the thing called you
have your balls chopped or castrated ooh
I love it
Kay's here as well so basically buzz
just got castrated this morning but the
thing around his neck is a little bit
uncomfortable so we've just come to see
if we can get him slightly come for your
one from pets at home also I haven't
shown you what you look like he looks so
cute and sad
because he had given like painkiller so
he was so like though like dose Island
like so I insert clip now watched him
speaking of him what he looks like
thank you which one should we go for
thank you
he needed 15 centimeters this is 20 to
30 23 where's that on 18 to 24 that's
for like Chihuahuas and stuff so that
this will do 18 you said 15 he had yeah
you needed 15 and maybe they don't do
any smaller I guess you know well this
is collar size 1 yeah let's get my pink
one and that's like I think sure it was
a 15 inches no 30 centimeters I mean
that's tiny will you try on Zoey
you try I think this might be seasonal
but I just want to see what it like if I
broke my neck
Zoey please can you I'm having no
botanist wait can you add this place
actuate for broke my neck I wouldn't
need one of these would I know it'd be
like if I got you need a feeling I don't
think you need to do it up Alfie you
look really nice you look like like you
know the game shows we've got collect
guns in there and then you've got to
like scoot the gungeon and oh my god
video idea Zoey
come on your brother your brother wait
did you invent the game pretty much you
like me look good right Joe's game
you're a sulk you have to do you a truce
ugh is your brother a tree hug your dad
to the ebony tree side go Enzo I'll turn
you in one of these just one one cue
normally piggies down there ha ha ha a
big yeah you want to do that yeah I
wanna see that I was on a quarter of the
odds that you do this yeah come on once
20 Zoe listen come on why are you
pretending to look over there you're not
even shopping come on let's go let's go
I tell you odds on you in one of that
with different country gives you how's
your oh yeah Jay wetter I never got you
because of you won't even eat a bit of
rabbit food for 16 P you know what no
this is about you have you guys seen
Jays video so easy J tweeted let's
explain it Jay tweeted said I've run the
way home from London if the streets gets
five thousand retweets then I'll get on
a plane to fly to another random nother
country
Zoe retweeted a and then obviously it
blew up i retweeted it it got well over
five thousand retweets so where did you
go to read it just calculated see I
leave early I'll try to remember to
leave a link down below there's really
if not you guys know where to find that
so he's decided to be lovely and cooked
chain.i dinner so we have got four
cheese ravioli ricotta and spinach
ravioli and some peas it's all you've
been lighting candles
getting fancy Trey didn't know this
existed diet coke cherry I didn't buy it
wait where's the cherry it is cherry a
promise you know where haha no lights no
cherry yours is cherry fine that's so
not bad
sorry I gave away my cherry one alright
guys move tucked up into bed and tonight
I'm gonna end the vlog really quickly
but gesture that workers up we are
forced into the video and I wanna do
that again so I've enjoyed today's vlog
if you did give it a thumbs up and I'll
catch you tomorrow morning tomorrow I'm
going to be out with Louie that's in fun
flowy so it's going to be cool haven't
seen him in ages I'll catch you tomorrow
good night also guys I should just tell
you now I've got some amazing news about
the book competition that messed up you
know the book the golden ticket
competition there one little bit crazy
and that broke and it messed up I've got
some amazing news for that and you're
going to love it so remind me to tell
you tomorrow good night
