good morning guys
we've had a super super that's not bad
super productive morning so far it's
currently half past 12 which isn't the
morning but we did wake up eight o'clock
I kind of then had another little nap
just for like an hour or so but we've
just had scrambled eggs for breakfast
and some nice juice and we're both now
laying in bed editing the daily vlog
that we filmed yesterday and Nala loves
watching herself look at her now that we
can't see as I said at the end of
yesterday's video and today I'm off to
the doctor's with my mum to get all the
results for all the chest and stomach
weirdness that was happening still
happens very rarely but sometimes a
little bit so yeah I'm excited
which is weird as we'd be excited but I
am excited to get to the results purely
because I just want to know what's going
on and if there's something that I can
do to fix it completely then I want to
be doing that yeah I've been that don't
are we doing anything else today going
to my mother's we'll see he you said
zette not gonna say his name now because
somebody will get very excited down here
anything else
making hot dogs for dinner I mean I made
the scrambled eggs for breakfast yeah
you're so hot guys I talked to me yeah
you said that as a joke I tried to make
the scrambled eggs on toast this morning
and I forgot to add milk to the
scrambled eggs and then they were quite
I don't think that was the issue it's
just that I am basically though it was
literally very very dry
it's now lunch time guys still editing
now editing a new gaming video and Zoe
has just made me some chicken and pasta
like glia Dulli
and this is their gaming video that
medicine
hi guys just got to the doctor's now I'm
at a different one than usual because my
doctor only works a certain day once a
month or something at my doctor's so I'm
like half an hour away from my house
I'll let you know next clip how it goes
fingers crossed it's gonna be all good
but I'll I'll let you know I just got my
results guys I'm also back at my mom and
dad's house and they were all good
everything is completely that guy's got
a hat and a half person a everything is
completely normal which is good he said
I just was born with acid reflux which
some people have now have good days on a
bad day so I have yeah you just have
some people have it no ok don't get born
with that there's something work no it's
something we just have it for life is
what I mean I don't guys you aren't the
doctors I just saw the doctor so
basically just something I have to just
learn to live with and he said I can see
right this is annoying me right there we
go now I'm happy he said that I just
couldn't see a dietitian to learn about
foods that make it better make it worse
I also know the pills now that make it
better so it's all good everything is
all good and buzz has been chilling with
Zoe here or there now look out commies
Bianca you happy that your mommy's back
did you see the picture I put up a few
on Instagram the other day did you see
it no see you watching NOLA I've ever
shown you guys this mirror that my dad
got custom-made for my mom for her
birthday I don't know what left it was
maybe her 50th or something so this is
the mirror as oh I just didn't realize
you're standing right behind me I just
smashed so it's basically loads of black
and white photos and then some of them
are my mom I don't know which ones like
that
my mom's one of those he put in that one
my mom's they're like jackets not really
I think that there's another one
maybe that no let me tell you which
one's your mum's in well I know yeah I
know she's in that one and that one but
I know which other one what there was
three anyways
that's a really cool custom area but my
dad got mum her birthday once they just
thought I'd show you it's really nice
anyway true about to go now we're going
back home and Zoey still not feeling
very well so I'm gonna don't suddenly
put on a sad face so I'm going to make
some hot dogs when we get back the Jumbo
ones that we got yesterday trying to
surf on the carpet carpet surfing also
just before I leave I just remember the
cold press the other day and then I'm
not getting paid to say this send me a
smoothie and like juice maker but as you
know I've already got like a big one and
I sometimes use I don't use it as much
as my small one I've got that big one so
I gave it to my mom so thank you to the
guys over there cold press this is what
they know here we go retro juicer but
look how sick it looks it looks better
than one though than the one that I've
got you've got all like have you used
that look at that not yet it looked all
clean and new
we've got it the other day so thank you
guys for that my mum I'm sure it's gonna
love it and make some juices and
smoothies my stuff looks fancy yeah
Poppy's coming back this weekend she's
like the juice in person hi mummy I got
your present value as well poo bags
always find food bags in my pocket just
randomly you like everything I wear well
I'm a knight in a meeting or in town or
something and I'm always that oh it's a
food bag right but face we need to go
come on sausages in the oven we've got
to each being cooked up basically guys
we've got sausages for didn't being
cooked up and they're gonna be ready in
half an hour so we finished our dinner
and everything now completely forgot to
rub all the bed but means oh about just
watching some YouTube videos and better
stuff we started having dinner early for
the last couple of days because I'm
uploading at 5 o'clock now every single
day on this channel we're tending to
hang out more in the evenings and be
more free because I'm not like oh no I
need to edit 8 p.m. upload at 9 p.m. and
stuff like that so right now it's
quarter to 10:00 and I'm so tired
because I'm waking up so much earlier
everyday and just getting everything
done but yeah so and I'm just laying in
bed now and well I really want to snack
because we had dinner about 6 o'clock
and it's now ordered to 10:00
quarter-to-quarter do why do I say
quarter why don't think water too so I
think I'm gonna make it some of this
there's some of these chopped up and
some of these chopped up and then I just
had some chocolate I put some chocolate
earlier in the freezer
don't tell her no I put some chocolate
in the freezer and she doesn't know so
don't tell her that's amazing that's -
I'm gonna be like yeah I decided I
didn't want a snack
well really I've just had it loaded
chocolate so he's got a look - good so I
just have to make myself one this is the
finished product and put some honey on
there as well and I've got my little
snack yeah a my laptop and this new
little Destin that my mom bought Zoey
it's basically to have food on when
you're in bed but I kind of like it just
my laptop you can see my boxers there
and then I'm just listening to Niki and
Sammy on radio 1 and I'm just trying to
find at the moment a illustrator that
somebody was good at like typography
like lettering like this kind of thing
which I really really like - that looks
sick - help me come up with a new logo
so if you know anyone or you do it
yourself drop me an email
oh she's so cute she's just so fluffy in
just coming in
all right it's now half past 1:00 in the
morning guys just finish editing the
video I edited earlier then finally got
crashed and lost all the audio files so
I debris edit most of it just now but
I've just finished and it's a gaming
video of Zoe
and it is so funny like so so good so
I'll put up over the next couple of days
um what else has happened just from
watching YouTube videos embed really
that's it just editing and I've just
realized just in our tweet descent and
going to bed then I look to my phone I
was like is 1:40 and I've got a meeting
tomorrow morning so luckily it's in the
house I don't have to go anywhere I
don't like travel to London for Abe I
still have to be up early so I'll just
set my alarm for 8 o'clock tomorrow
morning to get up and have breakfast and
everything yeah that is it so I'll catch
you tomorrow as usual thanks for
watching the video I love you so much
give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
yesterday's video in the day before
video was killing it on likes so thank
you so much for clicking thumbs up on
the video it means a lot it just shows
that you're enjoying it doesn't get more
views it doesn't burn me more money or
anything like that it's literally just
shows how much you guys enjoyed the
video
so yeah I'll get you tomorrow
and I'll see you then good night
