good morning guys it is currently 9
o'clock in the morning on a Sunday oh
hello baby oh no what you running to
I'm over here no hey doing should take
you up for we domina
Oh someone is excited to go outside
though we wait Dominator come on it
yeah come on in
she's broken through that little bit she
always does this
she's so naughty Zoey's in the bath
upstairs I don't know where she think
she's going that listened to that watch
this guy's no right let's go near them
let's shut this door so you can't go
back outside again could go right we're
not going back upstairs
mommy's in the bar so you can't believe
it right what shall I have a breakfast
then today guys I don't really know I
have some fruit have some cereal maybe
I'll go for some cereal got some almond
milk I don't normally drink almond milk
only drinking it because we literally
don't have any other milk normally my
preferred milk choice would be
semi-skimmed I thought I some good old
Weetabix in here
does anyone elses dog do this guys
please comment down below because both
Nala and buds do it all the time
if I'm in bed and she's asleep next to
me and I go to brush my teeth or go to
the toilet she gets up wakes up even if
it's always still in the bed or Zoe get
started as soon as one of us get up she
follows them and just sits on their feet
and goes to sleep
sometimes it's literally on top of my
feet and I'm like you were asleep ten
seconds ago in a comfy bed what you
already get up and lay on a hard floor
and don't
the stander it's now the time of the day
where I sit and catch up on YouTube look
at my subscriptions watch everyone's
videos Boston eat my breakfast just
catching up on Louise blocks says oh
he's back home now and I just had a
shower and got dressed you know you
think look at this this is some puppy
massaging going down enjoying that ha
when she like s massaged or stroked or
played with she literally were in bed at
night and they go like this - Zoe Zoe
cheese oh oh yeah that felt good can you
massage my back I just touched you
anyways I did knows a food chopper of my
mum she's vlogging today so you can go
check it out but and just what the most
delicious food ever and tonight we're
gonna have a roast dinner who's cooking
it both of us or one of us just you okay
tonight so stick me roast in there we
were literally talking the other day so
and we never ever that's the one the
main thing is kind of like most the time
the busiest day it's the business say
cuz we both have two uploads that day
and daily vlog that day so I will send
the other day the thing that I miss most
about not living at home is having like
cooked meals because I'm the worst cook
in and I just don't often leave myself
enough time to like plan off that my mom
will get back from work and then she
will like she knows exactly with you and
then she gets home cooks everything for
like hours and stuff like that so race
tonight we have the sausages tomorrow
there is only what the biggest sausages
in the world they're like what they
called wash hot dogs they're basically
massive delicious looking hot dogs and
buns and everything yeah we could do
that and then with any sausages we have
left over the night after we could do
sausage with potato and onion gravy
mmm look at she can't even sit up she's
like
you know when you have like bangers and
mash yeah and we got mash as well so we
can do that so wait the sisters last to
unite there's so many of them - uh we
also are just about to film right now my
main channel video basically yesterday's
data blog was good the Instagram
challenge and Zoey know I did like a
live dude like a little mess about
things an idea I came up with about
Instagram Tony guess who's in scum it
was showing a picture and I said give
the video thumbs up if you wanted me to
do in a main channel video a zombie and
you guys went crazy for it like
absolutely crazy so we're about to shoot
that now if anyone straight with me and
then then I think I'm gonna have lunch
and then film a couple audience and ice
and look at my mentions my most recent
recent mention was shut up and capitals
thank you very much
Oh cuz I tweet the same imagine if you
two didn't exist so as I shut out don't
want that to happen
yes I'm about from that video now and
then I think I'm going to film like
another one or two videos as well just
to have for like midweek videos or that
copy for busy and stuff like that cuz I
got a couple more video ideas ready but
we'll see we'll see how it goes
I've got massive wedgie we finished
filming the video and I've just entered
it all in exported it and then the
thumbnail but now it is time for dinner
and Zoey yeah as I told you earlier I
think I did it's cooking roast dinner
now check this got our chicken a little
chicken Donal a and then we've got a
mashed potato of vegetables got a gravy
got Yorkshire puddings mmm I'll stay
with breasts for now maybe have a leg
after but we've got lots of chicken over
here look how delicious this looks guys
so much you proud proud of yourself done
a good job
somebody just tweet me a minute ago guys
saying I should go on a mEagle because
people section so I just search for
myself
no just met Heidi hey
thank you so much watching my videos yes
we both initial our videos
mine are both up my daily vlog and my
main channel yours I know I saw a saint
as very a minute ago I uploaded my main
Channel video so quick and each scope
quickly needs to go up and then it went
up and I was like wait it's really
quarter to six
yes but over an hour the only my videos
on my main trying to go love it like
eight or something so today you guys are
early I didn't even realize so we've got
enough time we've had yeah I don't you
guys OE lost to memory card we're gonna
find it now yeah loaded what I thought
was all the footage into a final car
turns out I only uploaded me posing
thumbnail so the whole of the video is
still on the memory card and I was like
oh that's fine I'll go and get my memory
card
re-imported no we don't know where his
memory card is we're on the hunt for a
tiny little SD card this big recently so
we fill up something else says oh he's
filming something else already gone up
Moore's uploading at the moment and then
be filmed a different video to the one
on your memory card yes if we find the
memory card which fingers crossed me
well then you've got another video
filmed and done so much what was I gonna
say yeah we've had dinner everything
that you've seen done all the videos
super early so now a dinner why 40 cos
all about half past eight
oh we just wake up absolutely got up
yeah so now gnarley' knows where she's
going she's bloomin excited so we just
got to the park now she's doing a spot
of working out you know the usual what
you're doing there
bit of leg workout now there you come
around the pole
oh and again what you do in look okey
this little walkway bit is guys such
sweet little flowers cow parsley I can't
beat for his up here where she got
between us
good Gao this has been a long walk for
you has now we've got all three of the
babies out now guys we've got both the
little guineas and we've got nyla who is
very interested in them and doesn't know
what is going on da thanks there baby
doggy
she's liquid happily yeah whatcha be
nice to them baby and then she gets too
carried away and then we have to kid go
she knows they're not toys though good
girl
them too hard to learn each other their
hide and right guys I'm off to sleep now
thank you so much for watching today's
video
I hope you enjoyed it and I hope you
enjoyed my new main Channel video is Zoe
and yeah that's about it give the video
a thumbs if you enjoyed it as usual
I'll get you tomorrow Oh tomorrow in the
afternoon I'm going with my mum to get
all my doctors results you know a while
ago well not having my stomach on my
chest pains I still get it occasionally
but not very much I had eight blood
tests at chest x-ray and ultrasound and
two biopsies taken from my stomach
whenever that camera down my throat and
I get all the results tomorrow which is
really really exciting I'm really
looking forward to it so yeah I'll catch
you them ladies excited cuz I've been
waiting I was waiting like a month for
the results and then I yeah and then I
realized that I was still in New York my
flight was booked on the wrong day
wasn't that so then I had to wait
another ten days so I've been waiting
like 40 days for the results now so I'm
quite excited to just get them and know
what's going on really but yeah I'll
catch you tomorrow good night
