good morning jump ahead how are you
doing I would call you guys chumps but
if you actually search the definition of
a chump it's an insult I think it means
something like a stupid person I don't
mean it in that way or they a lot of you
like to tweet me saying why are you
calling us stupid and I just like to use
it just because it sounds call a jump
jump it just sounds like a cool word
doesn't that anyways today the time is
currently you're never gonna believe
this
it's Saturday and the time look at it
look at it don't do the dirt 8:40 in the
morning as oh he's been awake for quite
a while downstairs and the bleep she's
with nihilist so I just shouted down I
was like bring olive up I wanna cuddle
so Zoey is gonna bring nod off in a
second not only gets very excited in the
mornings I should just warn you before
you see her go crazy
are you just put miss movie up what is
that thank you
mango pineapple I knew it'd be pineapple
because we have so much pineapple in the
fridge that you bought wow I've never
made that kind of Smitley I normally
where's go from red berries now I got
two vibrators up first
plus we just go back from our meeting
would you went really really well and
just meant to add any to get some lunch
I also picked up some funky looking
pasta some more funky looking pasta some
of these drinks don't have a clue what
it is it just looks delicious mum and
dad are here as well and then these are
our each cut up into quarters yes
the Scotch egg this is months this is
mine this is Ares and this is dad's we
didn't even get any crisps or anything
hopefully so just finished tidying the
house of Zoey the kitchen is all clean
the house is all tidy and basically the
time is like five minutes to seven
Zoey's just had a late lunch
I happen where did I fill my life
journey I don't even know yes I did for
my
earlier it's basically like 7 o'clock as
I was saying and I feel like having like
a really nice dinner like either going
out for a meal with a friend or Zoe
although she's just having it lunch so
she's not hungry now or buying some like
good food and then cooking it like
looking at I could look in a cookbook
and then cook something really delicious
just uploading my daily vlog as well
which was going on really well you guys
are really liking it so far which is
good I was reading all the comments
maybe I've got quite a few cookbooks
here maybe I could cook something from
one of them but that means I have to go
to the shop and buy the ingredients
comfort food Wow Zoe has gone in on that
look at all of these she's left her
things she wants to make maybe one day I
can make something from there for her
surprise that she's marked off that she
wants yeah I don't really know I feel
like I want to edit some gaming videos
because the other dad filmed we've got
two more Sims videos that we film that I
haven't uploaded yet I've got another
two gaming videos zoe has got like a
surprise or my gaming channel I don't
know she's gonna tell yourself or me
I'll tell you now basically oh I've
still got put some new shorts this
morning
still got the label in I've been wearing
them for like two hours well pretend
that didn't happen
yes it's very basically wanted to start
I don't if I told you so you wanted to
start a theme hospital series but which
is again is from really retro 90s game
but obviously she doesn't have a gaming
channel so I was like to put up in your
second channel people would like it but
a second channel is very like daily
vlogs only we've filmed it together she
wanted to do episode one with me and
there maybe should heal episode two
three four in that by herself but we
basically filmed it together and I think
she's just gonna upload it on my gaming
channel she's gonna have her own gaming
series on my gaming channel which will
be cool I think it'll be fun
and it just means more content for you
guys so look forward to Zoe's themed
Hospital series on my gaming channel I
just I just don't know what to make for
dinner I'm having a real conundrum what
a great word conundrum I can do some of
eggs we've got 12 free-range egg
what can I make the bags we've got some
bacon we've got some avocado have a
corridor don't really know what else
know that what should we have for dinner
you've already had your dinner but watch
daddy have for his dinner do you know do
you know looks like you know your heads
tilting like you know just finished
watching Britain's Got Talent with Zooey
and it is now 10:30 exactly which is
really really late I'm just having our
dinner so Oh what okay there we go seems
they were thinking on a boiling
yesterday what was it today this day has
been so long because I woke up at 8:30 I
feel like things that happened yes today
were yesterday if that makes sense
I bought this plastic from the little
deli as you saw I think I might go for
this pasture here today some pasta for
dinner
I don't know what sauce to have I don't
know how to make a pasta sauce so I
should probably watch I need you like a
tutorial but we probably don't have the
ingredients for either I would love to
make like but I've got bacon now I would
love to know how to make like a
carbonara sauce or something like a nice
creamy good sauce just finish cooking
the pasta and there is nice time to
sieve it Oh
there we go the posture has expanded so
much I'm never gonna be able to eat all
of this I also made this whilst I was
waiting for it to cook I've got
strawberries apples blueberries
raspberries and avocado and then I'm
about to add some ice and some almond
milk and in that is all finished I'm
gonna have to be fairly quiet focus
these two asleep next to me I've got my
pasta which looks delicious it's got
lots of cheese on it and then I've got
my healthy smoothie that looks so good
and nothing cold then or say got and of
course sleepy baby next to me it is now
time for bed and I've just come into the
other room just so I can actually vlog
and not wake because ever for once I've
just been knowledge bed as well and I've
just been reading and replying to load
of you guys on Twitter and so many of
you are so upset like ordered this
evening understand like completely
understandable about the competition
it just sucks there the app broke like
it's so so annoying I wish there was a
way everyone in my way to miss it out on
the bed let me get comfy everyone in my
youtube comments and in mornings on my
fringe if one of my comments and
everybody on Twitter and stuff is like
please just me like ten people randomly
pick ten people but because there's only
meant to be ten people that one and like
literally a Hans it's only one in the
end and for loads of you it said that
you want a ticket but then it wouldn't
load I don't feel it's fair just to pick
ten random people because it might not
be the ten people that should have
actually one who had the actual special
book I don't know there's too many of
you just a bit ten people that's not
really fair and then some people are
like why don't you meet ten people every
day for the next couple of months
guys that's not realistic I can't meet
like I don't know people having so many
different thoughts about it and the only
way I could like process and think about
at the time when I found out that they
just fail
and everything went wrong and I was like
there's no way I can meet thousands of
people how I wanted to meet them because
yeah I could just about meet and greet
and a load of you guys could come but
that's not the same I didn't want to do
a meet and greet I wanted to have
something special for you and go out for
dinner or take you guys out for dinner
and take you to do some our fun
activities for the day and vlog with you
and let you meet no other and stuff like
that so it wouldn't really be the same
and obviously some people are loved why
didn't you do it every single day for
the next couple of months so that that
doesn't raise sense because I'm not free
every day for the next couple of months
you guys have school and college and
work and uni and that doesn't work at
all the plans to meet 10 of you and at
broke which sucks so if you have any
suggestions on how I can make this
better for you guys please let me know
because I feel terrible that hundreds of
you thought that you were gonna meet me
and then it turns out that the app broke
and you don't get to meet me like I feel
really really bad about that and that's
that's I don't know I don't know whose
fault is I told you guys that you were
gonna meet me so I feel responsible for
it but then it's not my fault that that
broke some kind I'm not responsible for
ever I am because I told you I don't
know I don't know yeah so just let me
know the comments what you think how we
can resolve this because I feel like I
owe I owe you guys now I owe you
something for building on this big
golden ticket and telling a load of you
do you're gonna get to meet me and then
that where you can and you guys know
getting to meet me I feel really bad for
that some I'm truly truly sorry like I'm
not even joking
I feel really bad and when I see your
messages online that I see like I'll
feel honestly thought I was gonna get to
me you're so excited but don't worry it
wasn't your fault and I'm like oh but I
am worried and I know it's not my fault
that that broken it's nobody's fault
that that broke but it just is really is
and it sucks I know you guys I don't
want to fix it but I don't know how I
can fix it like I have no idea how
I don't really know anyways guys I'm
gonna end the vlog here thank you so
much for watching today if you enjoyed
it
give the video a thumbs up it's Sunday
you're watching this it's Saturday for
me now well actually it's not it's one
o'clock in the morning so it's
technically Sunday but yeah so a new
main channel videos should have also
gone live today for you guys I'm gonna
film edit and upload that tomorrow which
is the day that this goes up for you so
if you haven't already seen my new main
channel video go to the links down below
I do
unlike 99.9 percent sure I know what
it's gonna be but I don't want to ruin
it for you guys I want to leave it as a
surprise so go click the link down below
just down there go check it out and yeah
that's it I just feel really bad that I
was meant to meet him loads of you guys
and you thought you were gonna get to
meet me and then it all messed up so I
don't know what to do I don't know it's
just seeing your tweets makes me feel so
bad
amazing I feel so guilty but I just
don't know how I can do something a
thousands of you that will make it as
special as what I want to debt again let
me know in the comments what you think
and I'll try and do everything I
possibly can I'll try and get my book
publishers and app people to do
everything they possibly can they can't
do another book competition because
obviously some of the books was
specifically made for that competition
so I can't be like in your competition
because all the other books are the same
I don't know I'm gonna stop rambling
guys you know what I mean I'll catch you
tomorrow I love you so much
good night
