good morning guys how are you doing
today
my mum was just tech-savvy and I to say
that she is outside waiting for us in
the car to go and pick neither up so it
is the best time for each time a daily
vlog where my funny don't pretend like
you're on time
zoe is literally just that's the
doorbell and again Zoe is that you've
just got knickers on she is getting
dressed but if I know we've got the same
you've got your underwear on I've got my
underwear on we're currently at the same
level we were both just laying in bed
well I was asleep and so it was on our
laptop I'm so tired but we're gonna get
now Labatt I missed us so much last
night when we were laying in bed our
sight yeah I just like my favorite time
of knowledge but I should actually go I
need to stop I need to go we're now back
home and we have our little baby back
she is super sleepy look at her Hey god
yes
you tired she's literally just been
sleeping ever since she got back and
just cuddling us loads but last night
when I was in bed I came up with a game
that I want to play with Zuri or anybody
there's always the only one here so I'm
a nice guy to play it basically you
ready for the game Oh bring it now yeah
mmm yeah basically I have saved five
Instagram pictures hmm from people's
instagrams that you know and you have to
guess whose picture it is maintain or
video idea yeah I know I just know every
fun today
so save five pictures I want to put
almost put this down somewhere like a
tripod to show you this is the first
picture of course oh no let's now sleep
on my lap these people are we're friends
with yeah who it is we got the chopped
in half tree I literally have no idea
you have to guess that's the point
you're guessing Jay yes now we turn to
the side
that was Anna's mom Margaret Saucony
seriously that's way too hard here is
Instagram like chopped in half treats
yeah of course she would and his mom's
the only one that would do that
why why does really Artie right number
two is that Anna's mom again you have to
guess who is my mom that's definitely my
mum that that's not actually what it
looks like that somebody has purchased a
sculpture of that that's not actually it
that's a scorch I'm still going with my
mum yet it yeah my latest purchase a
sculpture of a Conca my mum loves stuff
like Tracy why people a scope job
straight away do I get points for that
okay there's one all this that's me that
I literally a hundred and fifty-one
weeks ago I was I didn't think you're
gonna get that was i yes pies McDonald's
breakfast fast we could sound myself
offs yeah I think this may be the last
one
oh my skin to last forever we should do
this as a main Channel video all right
this is somebody's hand after a manicure
pedicure whatever it's called Anna wait
let me look at the hands no not Louise
his hands
that's not Poppy's hands I don't think
that's Anna's hands who's that we know
them well that's not a me that's Naomi
no me you ready no Joey Graceffa long my
mom has convinced me to get a French
manicure no convinced I thought oh he's
had one I've got mine ours in a while
okay I'm sorry no you mean I'm Joey oh
wait one last bit jerk okay he's handle
a but don't look at the house
yeah Kaspar that here is a picture of me
holding my banana right you know how in
you know can I do it wait no just leave
a day if people want it we'll do it is
like extra midweek video okay if you
want it laughter know the comments give
the video thumbs up whatever let us know
by giving the video thumbs up if you
want us to do that in the main channel
video as just like a bit of extra fun no
I think that could be like a proper
mention of that so fun
that's good I know I need little old
ones too they were I just looked for
like one minute else know what in bed
just happened to get oh that's creepy I
know this face oh it loves me more
I loved her when she turns to the side
you can really see how flat her face is
I love that she lets you kiss her she's
giving you the side I like just let me
sleep commented on my blog guys just
stopped off for a cheeky little sandwich
with Tom and Zoey I say litter was
actually massive bacon and egg Mayo
right I just need to quickly jump in
here do some explaining very very
quickly today I'm actually editing this
vlog currently so I just need to add
this in right
basically yesterday last night my golden
ticket thing went live which was
basically if you have to point this book
to 10 people had books we've physically
printed an extra page that was different
to everyone else's books and those 10
people when they scan it with the app
there was going to be a golden ticket
pop-up and then they basically won the
opportunity to come and hang out with me
and narlow and I'll take you for dinner
and I'll pay for your travel from
wherever you live and we do something
fun for the day and I was just gonna
hang out with you and as like a thank
you for enjoying my book kind of thing
so basically as per usual with you guys
like with my London book signing we're
eight and a half thousand of you turned
up and basically shut down center of
London things got a little bit crazy
last night with the app the app couldn't
handle it and then it let literally
thousands of you in like thousands of
you even though the pages weren't meant
to be scannable by the app so the app
messed up started thinking that winning
pages were that non-winning pages were
winning pages let Beebe win so then now
I've had like phone calls from the app
people and the book publishers and
something like a crazy amount of people
have won that opportunity to meet you
and hang out with you it's kind of not
possible that app broke so I just wanted
to tell you guys first before you see
any like press releases or anything like
that
that it's kind of a negative yes because
I don't get to meet the 10 of you that I
should have actually met but I just
wanted to be the first for myself to
warn you before you see inner us online
or people getting upset about it that I
am very very sorry it wasn't meant to
happen the way it did last night I
thought everyone was just lying and
everyone has been like I won and then
stealing winners great screenshots I
mean like look see I won Alfie so that I
would retweet them and things went crazy
basically the app broke because so many
of you were like just using it at once
that it didn't know what to do you
just so crazy powerful I forget how many
of you that actually are so the app team
I've never met them but the people who
are build an app a super apologetic that
the app broke and they basically were
like there's nothing we can do there was
too many of you it broke the app and now
there's literally hundreds and hundreds
of winners so I'm afraid to say that
we're gonna have just scrapped the whole
golden ticket thing and just pretend it
never happened a set from we've learnt
from it that you guys are blooming
awesome and there are so many of you
that you can break apps that were built
not to break other than that there's not
really much I can say I can't physically
meet all of you that want to take it
because most of your blooming wanna take
it even though I was literally sitting
there this morning on the phones and
their app company and they were telling
me that you guys like hundreds of you
one then I was like I can't possibly but
pay for hundreds of people to come and
meet me in a hangout of them because
then the experience won't be the same
and if I bring Nala with me that you
might get nervous because there's a
hundreds of you and I don't want it to
turn into a meet up I wanted to sit to
turn into like a fun day of like
shopping or going to like a trampoline
an indoor place or going from Nando's
and basically you guys are so awesome
that that broke and I'm really really
sorry but I'm just gonna have to scrap
the whole golden ticket idea and pretend
it never happened and I hope that you
understand I literally would do it if I
could I tried to do something fun
something created something that nobody
has ever done before with their books
and just something really really cool
like the pointless book and the puns but
two are always like the first most fun
like they've got special things that
other books and stuff don't have and I
try to keep that up by having ten books
that were specially printed and
different to the rest to have more fun
for you guys unfortunately didn't work
out so I just want to say I'm very very
sorry but the app stuff and the book
stuff last night the golden ticket is
just gonna have to be scrapped enjoy the
rest of the vlog I just wanted to be the
first one to let you know you sleepy
baby usually be
Oh Oh have I no idea how about oh this
is the one hard thing about having a
puppy is that oh my god this is the
warmest bit of the bed ever where she's
been lying why oh you did bed ah yeah
the one hard thing why my stolen like
this the one hard thing about having a
puppy guys is that because they're so
cute you always want to just prod and
poke and play with them don't you baby
look she's not even facing me look at
her I'm sorry
come here come and cuddle me I'm sorry
it's so hard when they're asleep and
they look cute not to just like poke and
play and play with them and Stroke them
and stuff which obviously wakes them up
and annoys them so whenever she's having
a really nice relaxing sleep I always
know going up and kissing her face and
playing with her and moving our arms and
stuff like that which probably wakes her
up in the noise huh you looking at them
are you looking at them are you all
right guys I am all tucked up into bed
and I've just been searching on my
laptop for probably about the last two
hours I'm not gonna die for a really
really fun video idea that I want to do
but it is hard trying to think of
something that is original every time I
think of something I you 2-bit see
whether it's done been done before and
it always has but there's always someone
that's done the video and I'm like damn
it it's not original I don't want to do
any more but ya don't know what I'm
doing tomorrow no got a meeting with Zoe
11 o'clock until 12 o'clock
other than I don't really know what I'm
doing so I guess I'll catch you tomorrow
guys thank you so much watching today
and I'll see you tomorrow good night
