goodbye buy a treehouse
see you soon no doubt okay so the last
couple of days have been a let's just
say interesting interesting I may or may
not if you've seen on social if you
following on Instagram or Twitter or
anything like that
good morning good morning I don't hope
you having a lovely day
and may or may not have got incredibly
ill like how do I say this to put it
nicely let's just let's just say
everything that I ate or drunk was
coming out of me both ends I'm gonna be
honest like these vlogs are real these
vlogs of war I tell you how it is I show
you my family and friends I let you in
but let me let you in today so I tried
to vlog little bits yesterday and I was
just feeling rough like I felt I mean I
wasn't sick or anything yesterday but
because of being so sick the days before
the day before I just had nothing inside
me like my stomach was like roar and
empty my acid reflux was going nuts and
stuff so I spent the day just really
really trying to relax and drink a lot
and eat little bits of dried toast and
stuff like that I did end up hanging out
with poppy and Shaun and mark and Zoe
last night it smart it was much birthday
yesterday which was super super exciting
he came over in the evening and we all
did presents and had like some snacks
and staff or versailles super careful
with the snacks wasn't eating anything
too rich from my stomach we also went to
Tully's farm they're like horror
experience place but i didn't film that
i was just like super delicate yesterday
film some little bits and I'll show you
I'll show you what I did film now
come on what's there so much there now
please make buckle their cameras on me
no I promise you would not do that on
your birthday shot any other day just
not bad oh this reminds me of stickers I
used to have excited like she knows your
birthday
don't open it with me it's a cool light
bulb oh my god yeah I can put that on
mine why oh I'm going to use it yeah I
need to be reminded about how to use my
Cartier let us use it Oh white and red
it's like Halloween Ian yeah I'm there
hopefully you haven't already bought one
of these where's that
did you actually honestly oh my god no
this is amazing it's the smallest but
nice honestly so polite a microwave I
knew the microwave would have been like
it's been a nightmare trying to cook
call me ready Miller's in the other do
everything now it's just been like
getting one that's so nice
oh wow wish dude
make a wish I take my time on there but
now it's the next day and I'm I'm
feeling way better I've still got the
worst headache in the world like I still
feel like someone has got like a
vice-like clamp or just their foot and
they just kick him in the head like a
clamp is like mmm squeezing me or
something's just kicked me in the
forehead like my headache is really bad
so I've taken some near a fan and I've
got bottles of water blooming everywhere
I go I'm just drinking so much water to
try and get get fluids back in my system
but today today was the first day back
at it so I've already had two meeting or
I had one meeting this morning and then
I jumped on a call of my therapist which
was really really nice love catching up
with her and now I'm currently in town
because I've got to buy an outfit Tanya
burr has got a super exciting like
dinner tonight a me and poppy and Sean
and Zoe and mark and Jim and Tyne and
I'm not gonna try name everyone else
she's going because I don't want to miss
people off because I don't actually know
the full invite list I've only been told
a few people who have made faces so
super nice posh dinner tonight in a
place called Claridge's in London
Poppy's bought a new dress for it marks
what new shirt for it Sean's buying new
clothes today in London for it and I'm
like a bit ill guys I have a time but I
have that time it's been in my diary for
like a month now but I've kind of left
it to the last minute I was gonna do it
this week and then obviously I got ill
it's currently I don't even on my watch
on what's the time it's 12:45 I just got
to town now I've got a meeting at 2
o'clock back at my office that I've got
to get back for so I've got an hour to
hit down and try and find an outfit for
tonight fill out that's a little bit
ambitious but it's not posh posh I want
to try on last night and asked at what I
need to be wearing and she said just
wear well that's some nice trousers
which means not jeans or actual trousers
which I don't own any
I sure do own a pair of suit trousers
but I don't want to go that posh I'm not
going to go suit and she basically said
just wear like a really nice t-shirt and
some trousers and some shoes so oh my
gosh don't even think about shoes I'm
off to buy some shoes I don't know let's
just see see what happens guys we're
gonna go gonna go hit town oh my gosh my
Jean is so fluffy they've got so much
fluff fluff on them check this normally
I'm not not too fast but look at this oh
my gosh what have i sat on that's done
this to my jeans but these could be the
ones I don't know how they come out I
don't know ever they're like skinny or
they're quite posh
thank you so much guys
thank you sorry for the worst camera
angle in the world I'm so bitumen rushed
not only did I manage to get my outfit
for tonight but also I also managed to
get lunch for me is over your mark much
currently still ours oh my gosh my
headache I've got like 15 minutes until
I have to be at a meeting at my office
today with how I'm feeling is not a day
where I want to be busy I need to stop
blogging and get back last clip I was
heading home into a meeting that meeting
went incredibly successful like crazy
crazy good I'm now all dressed and ready
for tonight we're like smart cash clubs
you know let me show you in the mirror
like this and but I wanted to show you
all you can see belongings that I'm
bringing in tonight some spray to smell
good and some hairspray as well but the
reason of tonight is because of this
that's Alfie's copy this is Zoe's coffee
custom made copies yet know you all know
missus Tanya burr this is her here if
you don't already know her this is my
friend Tanya she's just bought out a
book here called Tanya's Christmas
although this versions been edited to
say alphas Christmas it kind of gives it
away in the title its tiniest Christmas
so it's got things like makeup baking
celebratory stuff but I haven't actually
fully had a look yeah like this
literally arrived in the post yesterday
and I'd you know wasn't very well
yesterday so I need to probably sit down
and have a look for a read it but this
is wrong we're heading to London tonight
to celebrate Tanya's new book Christmas
you haven't already ordered it if you
hadn't already got your copy go buy a
copy I don't even know when it actually
comes out I'm guessing it is it out now
Zoe oh it came out today okay
came out today yesterday for you go buy
yourself a copy Tanya's Christmas where
are you guys
look at these guys outfits looking very
good
sneaky little nips in there pokey three
pokey pokey pokey what his nips looks
small I look small why do I look so
short when I'm wearing trousers look at
it in this mirror I think I look so
short maybe because they're not skinny
jeans I do look really sure this is so
we I've never seen myself look short in
my life sure okay I do to me in here
maybe I'm just putting on white okay way
I'm getting told to get in a picture now
oh this isn't a picture for hairs well
what are you doing taking pictures of
mock I'm a bit of this when you look in
that goes crazy can you see it
yellow look how many of me there are
okay yeah let's get going Oh someone's
left their blog camera you didn't want
that did ya so that was a really good
Drive many any traffic we've just made
it here now
yes it would be declarative
you have no idea where we're going
thank you so much welcome everyone as
you all know
tanya is my idol in fact a lot of my big
sisters as well who are also here but
this isn't you know what one of the best
pieces of items ever given was from Tom
and actually in my book simply dream big
it's all about kind of forget not just
thinking about how things won't work out
but as she's driving and making it
happen
honestly I couldn't be prouder she is my
idol and and she brought out a third
book so here is Italia and wow thank you
so much mark
what did you guys go for scholars yeah
normal good bro I got my burrata thank
you so much
thank you all right we're heading off
I need my copy of the book what I'm
gonna give this to mom we're gonna get
this to mom and dad because I've already
got my office one at home I'm gonna give
this one to my mom and dad cuz I've
already got the outfit one yeah
Drimmer the first time we ever met we
did and we on the floor
whenever she sees these kids are gonna
get ready to spray
I know she loves me yeah Juiz you see
the bathtub oh the mess competition in
focus
