good morning guys it is not the morning
basically I got some explaining to do as
usual today has been one of the busiest
days of my life like I genuinely think
it has so I got up this morning what
time do we wake up this morning apostate
eight o'clock got a black eight o'clock
this morning then I had to jump in the
shower get ready went with mom to drop
off narla because neither today we are
trying out just for one night tonight
she's not here she's not in the house
like a cara con a person a dog looker
after a person so we've got somebody
local just looking off to Nyala for
today and tonight michelle away yeah
when we go away or and was like working
in London like for when we when we're
away with mom and dad so my parents
can't look after Nala this will be
somebody that Nala knows somebody is
comfortable with Nala and knows
everything about her specifically so
we're trying tonight for the first night
she's all knowledge already met the
person before anyway so that was this
morning then I had a night now then I'd
lunch with my mom in town I would this
morning officers editing Sims and
everything as well but then I had lunch
with my mom in town then I came back
here and I edge to the daily blog which
took so long yesterday's daily vocals I
filmed so much footage that an hour and
10 minutes footage to turn into 17
minutes and that was hard then I edited
and uploaded Sims video then I replied
to my emails then I had two meetings
with my mom in town then I came and I to
like try and get the uploaders best I
possibly can and then YouTube uploaded
my video without a thumbnail and I
literally wanted to cry like you did oh
my god I got so annoyed but it was
resolved in the video and ups the daily
vlog is now live then what have I done
now I came back and now I just went out
and got us dinner doesn't sound like too
much of a trust me it's been the most
brushed Dana buttload of danger and
assess everything back to back and for
time schedules as well everything
happened to be done by certain times and
done this and done that anyways today's
vlog
I haven't done much for the camera yet I
have got two very very exciting things
to tell you so first of all I'm just
going to quickly eat my chocolate is it
a it's a chocolate fudge cake yeah and
I've got ice cream for it in a little
pot here so I'm going to quickly eat my
dessert then I'm going to tell you to
very exciting things that I want to tell
you that I was meant to tell you like
one of them I think I've told you a
little bit about and then the other one
I was meant to tell you about two weeks
ago and i forgot i'm an idiot anyways
i'm adequately man cake then i'll tell
you bye guys i was literally about good
sleep and then i just realized i was
laying in bed in my boxers finish my
dinner and zoe fast asleep next to me
and i hadn't yet told you guys about
these two exciting's so i just watched
the top one and a hat on so i look
fairly presentable for the vlog and I've
come down to my office because I need to
tell you about these two things that I'm
so so excited about I'm going to be
reading the details off my laptop
because i can't tell you them wrong I
was that a mess up a lot of things so
number one it's the pointless book
golden ticket I told you guys about this
a while ago in a daily blog basically
embedded into one of the pointless book
tues my second book is a secret golden
ticket now to find out if you've got a
golden ticket inside your book you have
to have the app so obviously number one
you have to have a copy of my second
book number two you have to have a copy
of the app so if you don't have the
pointless book to an app download it now
so you have from 7 p.m. UK time tonight
7pm this blogger's up a 5pm so it's 7pm
just to make it sure one more time 7
p.m. UK time tonight to nine a.m.
tomorrow morning scan from pages 120 to
130 and for only a very very very very
few of you a very few of you from pages
120 to 130 it will come up send you've
won a golden ticket and if you were one
of these golden ticket winners this here
is what it's going to look like once you
scan it if you're one of the lucky
winners you will be contacted by Blink
my book publishers with further details
on Monday
now i'm not going to say what the prize
is all I'm gonna say is that we're going
to hang out that is it that's all I'm
gonna say is that you golden ticket
winners we're going to hang out right
the second exciting thing now I was
meant to tell you this like two or three
weeks ago and I forgot and i keep on
forgetting every single day and i'm
getting emails and emails and immerse a
happy when you couldn't tell people this
is so exciting I've hinted it a couple
of times I've told some of industry when
I've met you I've told you guys in a
live show but I am yet to tell you in an
actual video so i am very very very
excited to announce that I am doing a
canada and us book tour for the second
book the point is book 2 i'm doing
another book signing tour last time with
a book one I just in New York this time
i am doing let me just triple triple
check them getting rammed in Toronto
Atlanta Boston and New York okay and
that isn't everywhere I can't travel for
like a month at a time we've got a dog
I've got to make videos back here I've
got meetings back here and stuff so I'm
trying to do as much as I possibly can
and i said to you guys over there i'll
be back soon but i am so so excited to
go back because i enjoy New York so much
last time I love you American viewers so
much I'm just so happy I get to do like
Toronto Atlanta Boston and New York like
I feel so lucky to have to come out and
meet so many of you guys at these events
so if you want to come and meet me it's
literally in a couple of weeks like this
is why it's meant to tell you like three
weeks ago so that you guys can be
prepared I am the absolute worst I'm
only telling you now but I hope that it
is better that I'm coming and telling
you late than not coming at all but yeah
I'm coming I am so excited I'm gonna hug
you I'm gonna pictures of you all I'm
gonna I don't even know I'm just so
excited to go back over and it's
literally in a couple of weeks like
literally I fly in our two weeks or
something absolutely ridiculous so I
will leave all the details or links down
below I'm sure there we links for the
golden ticket stuff if you want to check
out as well but if you want to get a
ticket I think you have to buy to get
maybe you have to come on the day and
get a ticket
I don't actually know how would the u.s.
book tour stuff is working I'm not too
sure all i know is that i'm turning up
and meeting a heck done of you guys
every single day which i am so excited
for but anyways if you want to come to
Atlanta Boston New York or Toronto and
come and meet me and get your book
signed and hang out there are links down
below to each different place I'm going
click on the link do whatever it says I
will see you there and it's so so sooo
like it's crazy I've just been to New
York a couple of days ago and now I'm
going back I'm sorry that this blog
wasn't a proper day you go guys I'm not
going to make up any excuses but when I
got in the car this morning with my mom
to drop me off and this isn't an excuse
and it's not an excuse at all it's not
I'm just telling you to inform you i
left my camera in her car and then when
I went to go back in for meetings after
lunch 430 I only got my coming back so I
couldn't have actually started my daily
vlog until four-thirty but then
obviously I was straight into two
meetings with her so I was free from ha
plus 5 and then I was uploading Sims
video dude all that side i started my
daily blog when I could but it was
really a daily blog it's just like two
different announcements but anyways I
just I hope that those of you they can
get involved with the announcements I'm
really really excited and it was excited
as I am back to normal daily vlogs
tomorrow again I'm sorry that this one
was a bit weird and wasn't a daily blog
it's more like an update announcement
video anyways I'm gonna stop waffling if
you haven't seen yesterday's vlog I
suspect suspect that's not even the
right word I feel that you should it was
a very very good vlog I enjoyed making
that film in it internet a lot and had
so much fun yesterday so only down below
if you want to go see a new sims video
with Zoe means i filmed a new sims
episode yesterday no it went up
yesterday and you haven't seen that go
check it out anyways I'm going to stop
the self promo if you guys want to watch
my videos you know where they are I'm
going to shut up and go to bed because
it is currently five minutes plus 12 and
I need to be up in the morning early to
go and pick nala up so i will catch you
tomorrow with a normal daily log thank
you so much over the sport as always I
love you so much give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I said
that
day but it's so easy for you to do and
it helps me a lot just click that thumbs
up button anyways I catch you tomorrow I
can't wait to see you guys in America
like some of you guys watching this now
I'm literally gonna be hanging out with
you in like two weeks how not even some
of you like thousands of you but
thousands of you this is so crazy so so
crazy if your friends miss this blog and
they live nearby tell them tell all your
friends tell your grandpa tell your dogs
tell everyone to come and hang out with
me in Toronto Atlanta Boston New York
also if you have a golden ticket then
we're going to be hanging out as well if
you have like that so crazy it's so
amazing that they've like hidden tickets
into the books and you guys have to find
them from 7pm to 9am anyways I'm gonna
stop I mean the self I'll catch you
tomorrow guys love you so much good
night
