good morning guys this right here this
mess is what four hours and 50 minutes
of sleeper gets you I am so tired I'm
about to get in the shower and then
we're off to Anna and Jonathan's for a
fun-packed awesome adventurous day I
want to go back to sleep we are now well
on our way to Anna and Jonathan's I am
super excited for today Zoe has just
popped into the petrol station behind me
to grab some snacks and for the car with
petrol
there is the petrol station spa petrol
station I'm gonna leave this camera here
since she loves it so much and just
pretend it's not film it and see what
she does okay
no camera all right let's see what
snacks Oh II bought then what did you
buy oh my gosh these are literally my
favorite these are my favorite flavour
crisps then we've got some chicken
southern fried chicken and then we've
got some ginger nuts
all right that's a random choice
Chopra
Oh
Oh
Oh
wrong
your friends made a job
we stopped off to the and I can go for a
wee and we're just going to look at look
at this FHM 100 Sexiest Women in the
world
Zoli has been voted number 34
holy so wait he was number one I suppose
you have to buy it to see number one is
show
there we go like what understand this
way but you beat Emma Watson didn't you
I mean no you did it see you beat my
celebrity crush and your brother 70
crash stupid like why Owens oh do i
raspberry orange at your can't drink
that my teeth my braces I can only have
water
thanks so much like me
attending he's beside me
today something
Longley yeah whoo we're going in the
Batcave the Batcave oh wow there's a big
old puddle watch out guys whoa where's
that Amelia boy I will out through that
will friend Amelia for Amelia go love
you baby
you scared yeah Oh daddy Oh watch out
crocodiles so much I cry oh wait what
are they flying around in here are you
serious
Oh sick no way let's try and catch one
Yeow oh my god
I did nothing look at them hang in here
oh my boy was on me at the meeting then
even any time look how cool this little
chap is so awesome yo what are these big
old wolf things know why they all want
to pet one and honor nothing no that is
not an otter honor okay what may that
unhappy daughter
oh go on going oh oh oh oh go on boy go
on you can do it
yes you guys know how much I love
monkeys look at this little guy
hello so many in there look at this
little guy you guys know how scared I am
spiders like so scared
they've got trench lay down there Anna
go on
yes going if you do I'll do that yeah
if you do I'll do it yes you can I'm so
scared of spiders see Mike yes you can
go on oh it's really soft and I promise
you it's so soft
where is she she run away like I want to
do it just to face my fears
if they're not pregnant by you then or
that and then am I sitting on a do I
take after you want to hold him but
there's a binding partner no they still
have that they won't bite you they know
I just don't like its body look how fat
its body is me look at it come on if I
don't you have the girl
you promise I don't believe ya I know it
was like you can't hands together
hands together I often wonder how those
do happen
don't go God yeah it's fine so if you
don't make it this time me I take a
straight off
it's so soft so once she gets
comfortable she will sit ready still we
just have to be quite careful with these
guys because they say drop font from
this kind of height they will die so
they'll break their legs and then break
it up oh oh no the ice is cracking shut
face now
nowadays you angry faces we've just got
the penguin enclosure this is call we
are going to feed some penguins
oh wow they've got a sick inside this is
awesome I genuinely want to go swimming
in there that's deep enough to swim in
over the course of a they get 15
kilograms Wow split into four feet
certainly get that quite a few times
throughout the day they would eat you
all up on that I'm going to go hungry so
honey these guys are really smart as
soon as they see the bucket they know
what's happening yeah well I know why
the waddle I want to pet one so that is
what you want to do most of my baby but
it catching it Oh toe in the water
nature if you want penguin place it you
really want to be hanging down the pool
I'm just be careful it won't escape
jumping
it's not a lumberyard whoa take it
straight out your hands
good luck I wanna throw one in the water
see if they're ready they're so fast
that's crazy how far though I guarantee
to walk in the right amount thing is
gonna be something to get you more than
others you see with this I put on there
is something definitely get in the blood
and then have a week but I was seeing
each other Murtagh they still will no
miss at the minute so you need a little
bit of work on the relationship and
generally a lot of the place you've got
that aren't on that have had eight in
the past but you haven't had them yet
how big is it a minute
thank you for Nikita in two weeks with
no they're crazy sure you waste rest of
a hawk hello Nikita we do have your bike
you easy really there's a few that will
get jealous and went over to see what's
going on welcome to media there's so
gear you stroking Amelia you striking at
listener when he bakes the food
constantly which is what she's doing now
but if you're looking at if you're
looking at beak when showbiz you can
kind of see a little spiky tongue yeah
like that catching that was absolutely
amazing
I didn't think we were gonna be allowed
to touch them so that was sick and now
we're getting in this bad boy here look
at this we can never sit in the back in
the middle or in the front and we're
driving through like the lions and
tigers everything Oh Amelia what are you
gonna say to the Lions
oh yeah and what are they gonna say is
Emma crossing
Emelia what noise does that Tiger make
haha she's gonna hit the end so hard
right the girls have gone boys turn I
don't know how I'm gonna stand on it
with no like no but it's so wobbly
this is the worst idea I'm gonna try and
backflip I don't even know they're safe
Oh see it's like you're fighting a full
day you us it's so weird
no let's let me lean haha let's be
filled so we you can't even explain it I
really want you to go all the way round
Irish doctor forget the food guys I am
about to wet myself so I've run ahead
I need the toilets so bad right so I
finished up eating and I've just told
Amelia she can choose whatever toys she
wants some WH Smith what toys are we
gonna get this run and what else
this little one but what that wardo what
we're going to get Eduardo should we get
him some toys as well what for the game
should we get him a cheater yeah this
one you happy of your toys rattling
bands okay we'll get you some bands as
well coming in is Alfie the best outfit
the best you got that and you what your
bra I'm going to ride this cheetah and
we got you some loom bands there we go
got any toys she got some new toys guys
there we go are you gonna give it rudder
his toy and we are back home after the
longest day ever Nana we've got you back
did you have a nice time at my mum's did
you have a nice time at my mom and dad's
did you with your brother she did she
had a really nice time at the time is
now five to 10 which is late it has been
such a long day lost not only got four
hours and 50 minutes sleep Zoe's friends
around the other day just delivered or
not delivered themselves paid somebody
to deliver some flowers which is lovely
of them so if you're watching thank you
very much for the flowers we love them
and I think we're going to end the bug
here because I'm going to have an
incredible amount of footage in today's
video to edit because I literally filmed
everything that ever was today so I
probably got like an hour and a half of
footage to make into like 20 minutes or
something so it's going to be a long
night of editing / tomorrow yeah I hope
you enjoyed it if you enjoyed the video
give it a thumbs up go check out Zoe's
video of it and it's going to Joanie's
video of it also the saucony Jolie's are
so close to 1 million subscribers so
means I've set the task on ourselves to
get them it by tomorrow by the day that
this goes up so everybody please now if
you do one thing tonight go to the link
below and subscribe to the secona
Jolie's I honestly don't know anyone
else he deserves as much them like
they've done this for like new six years
so unbelievable every single day
just working at absolute butts off so
thank you so much guys I will catch you
tomorrow give the video a thumbs up
again if you enjoyed it let's try and
get 30,000 thumbs up and every single
day I forgot to show you the votes are
in every single day a new vlog will be
up at 5 p.m.
UK time every single day from now 5 p.m.
so make sure that you know that put it
in your diary put it in your schedule 5
p.m.
new pointlessblog vlog obviously
tomorrow at 5 p.m.
good night
