good morning guys how are you doing
today I got up at 8 o'clock and I got
this run out of bed it was very excited
and we've been having a cuddle for the
last two hours
not only she never had luck I love doing
this River this is one of my favorite
things I don't know how I'm gonna do it
with one hand basically flip it upside
down on her back and then she lets you
just play without your belly also and
then if you guys know but did you know
that not only have seven nipples one two
three four five six seven there's one
missing you have a missing nipple and so
does Buzz right guys I've got to go need
to put this batter in charge us to
haven't charged it since last night so
it's kind of honor any minute
Plus have got to be at the dentist in 12
minutes I've got a taxi waiting outside
so I need to go now
so back from the dentist went really
really well he has given me the next one
two three four sets of Invisalign so I
don't have to go see him for the next
eight weeks now so my teeth are going to
be noticeably straight straighter more
straight by the time I see him then
after go in there which was super good
and successful got all of them I went
and got myself some breakfast so I've
got this this looks quite new I think
I've had one before but I like the new
design design honey misspeak new design
this is an innocence movie
I should have logged in there when I was
in that huh why did I bring my vlogging
camera but I didn't think I was going to
go and get breakfast I thought I was
just going to go to the dentist and
there's nobody blocking the dentist
because that's boring and also got
myself some fruit then I got myself one
of these which my sister always gets I
really I think they're really yummy I do
I'm pretty good and then I got jelly a
what did they get you cheese and Marmite
cheese and Marmite panini a rocky road
and a chocolate Frappuccino of a shot
peppermint I had to make sure this one
had no caffeine for you
he said I can't be there was a Kamaka
one a maca Frappuccino coffee yeah and
now we are sat basically I got inspired
whenever I go to Starbucks there's
always people who just work in there
that literally must be there like their
office so they take their apt up there
every day get a drink in a sandwich and
they just work from now so when I was in
there today waiting for Zoey's drink I
was like tech savvy can you bring your
laptop downstairs like a note pad and
paper and stuff like that and we can
plan videos and reply to emails and do
all of our work I feel really like
productive that's the word so that's
what I'm going to do it we're gonna have
this isn't in my breakfast I work about
eight o'clock and have breakfast i
breakfast before not let us mourn end
nice something still being super
productive guys just editing a new Sims
video and Nola oh and she's run away
from me she was with me helping me out
there now I didn't know come here
come see me she doesn't want to be
friends with me now now I'm vlogging
right guys it's time to put in my knee
braces I would put some new ones in in
five weeks because you know I missed my
last dentist appointment and I had to
wait bloom in three weeks for another
one so these are the new ones they're
gonna be extremely tight because my
teeth haven't moved in five weeks now
Wow oh man
and that is them in and done they don't
feel bad at all now at first I was like
oh they're tight but now already they
feel fine right I need to get back to
editing I'm still sitting here editing
guys it's currently 3:30 and I just
edited my new daily vlog that is going
up tonight or yesterday for you guys and
I just wanted to ask you something
because a while back I use drop load all
my blogs at 7 p.m. every single evening
without fail and then recently it's just
been all over the place I've got uploads
and some on some days to on another days
sometimes at 10:00 p.m. sometimes at
4:00 p.m. like they've been all over the
place and crazy so I want to stop
loading as like now I've just uploaded
it and I've got it scheduled so it goes
live by itself later on tonight at a
specific time that I can choose tonight
I chose 6:00 p.m.
don't know why I just did so I want to
start editing my daily vlogs every
single morning get up and enter them in
the morning so that they go live by
themselves
at certain time every single day now I'd
love you guys to vote what tight
actually I've got good idea I'm gonna
have a poll down below like a voting
poll down below right now so you choose
what time and whichever one's the most
voted one I will stop loading my vlogs
every single day at that time in the UK
realistically it will probably be either
5 p.m. 6 p.m. or 7:00 p.m. in the UK in
the evening because I'm not going to
have to get them a hundred percent done
I can't promise every single day before
that I don't want to upload them too
late so that people have like doing
homework or going out an evening with
for dinner or something like that I want
to try and upload it at time that
everybody wants to so I'm gonna make a
link down below I'll leave in the
description please please please go down
below and just vote for whatever time
you think I should upload my daily looks
every single day for 5 p.m. 6 p.m. or
7:00 p.m. and then from tomorrow touch
words I'm touching the word in the UK
touch wood means like good luck kind of
like oh no anyways I'm weird and then
from tomorrow I will try and make my
daily vlogs every single day without
fail at that time even if it means I
just have an editing
evening every single day they will go up
at that time but so I've just tweeted a
link to that poll that I was talking
about and it is crazy like this is it
right now
these are all the votes coming in look
how equal it is 6:00 p.m. is winning by
the tiniest bit
you keep knowledge luncheon here and
let's just say she gets a little bit
excited when it's lunchtime don't you do
you like to spin - SEC which one is
lunchtime
sit down are you excited
sit down good girl there you go
cooking up my lunch you got some peas
and we got some chicken we got some
chicken up in here oh it sounds like
we're on a plane because I put this on
there we go
cooking up my chicken and my piggies oh
my lord and my lunches comple got egg
fried rice chicken with Nando's shrub
stuff on it and peas and a big old glass
of juice it's just what they get it big
hutch really hard anyways about to have
some scenes videos yeah that's really
good yeah
it looks so like it's in my hair my head
looks a little bit too good today oh
yeah really good in that kind of that
white that is perfect there we go they
probably have no idea using your
fishbowl camera oh boy
these guys some of these guys like my
fishbowl so why are you using it because
I just thought mixed out today I use
both all right yes they smell they use
both it was good I'm excited to see it
there we go okay right we're gonna
record some to this video so I'll see
you in a bit so we just finished filming
oh that's not the right night we just
finished film in two episodes of Sims I
filmed a golf game with Zoey at you
don't want to ruin everything
yeah I'll tell you so you can mix I did
we have just finished filming
two sins episodes as well as another
game wow we have a lot of washing up to
do that's fine though because I like
doing the washing up by hand even though
we have a dishwasher I like doing it by
hand I'm quite a widow and anyways we
just finished filming two episodes of
Sims so I now have three filmed and done
actually only ones edited nearly three
done or edit the other two tonight ready
to go out for you guys
then we filmed a dope video which was
basically a random little game that I
used to play back when I was in school
and I thought you know what I'll
challenge Tommy to a game of minigolf
and that went a bit when a bit weird
right now we've just ordered some dinner
because it is time is half past 9:00 and
we've got to drop nyla off at my parents
tonight because super early tomorrow
morning not gonna tell you ever going
even though you probably know from my
Twitter my Twitter and stuff like that
yeah we're going somewhere super
exciting tomorrow so yeah we're gonna
drop Nala at my mum and dads tonight so
that she can stay over there and then my
parents are going to look after Oliver
tomorrow
goodbye night-night see you tomorrow
alright you guys I have all tucked up
into bed and I'm just on my laptop
typing away I might up topped up in a
way I might up top basically didn't
really feel much of the dinner because
we just hanging out with my parents and
chat in and catching up I found a bit of
the docks as you saw but that was it
really
no it was not mums and mums and dads
mums and that's my mum and dads I'm I'm
I'm just trying me now so that she's all
tucked up in bed and had a wee and she's
asleep which is nice is eight minutes to
twelve we've got to be up super early
tomorrow what time we leaving tomorrow
Zoey seven when leaving the house at
seven tomorrow I should probably have a
shower before we go to bed I'm not gonna
walk on that early in the morning I'm
gonna wake up about half 6:00 tomorrow
which is early for me I know it's not
any of everybody for that so early for
me but yeah I need to edit this blog
that you're watching right now straight
after this clip because we're leavin so
I am out all day I'm not gonna have to
edit upload tomorrow so I'm gonna edit
and upload it scheduled right now so
thank you so much watching today I love
you so much I hope you enjoyed the video
if you did give it a big old thumbs up
give it one of these and tomorrow when
we're outside I might use my wide-angle
camera a little bit
not all my clips I might just mix up
between the two between this camera and
my other one occasion angels have a bit
of fun I know that some people like it I
know that some people don't like it bulk
of myself would probably still be
funding this that made me a couple of
outside shots and some vlogs we filmed
on the wide-angle one I don't know
alright I'm gonna catch you tomorrow
I got an Invisalign in there so
comfortable that I love them yeah I'll
see you tomorrow good night
