good morning guys how are you doin today
I'm sorry in my video on my wide-angle
camera I haven't put my vlog up from
yesterday yet big butch is using this
lens for the oldest camera for the first
time kindly got some explaining to do
because this is the time basically
Zoey's friends left today it was at 10
o'clock this morning 10 o'clock about
half-past ten this morning I woke up I
say goodbye to them Zoey was away did
you have breakfast with them yeah Zoey
had breakfast with them and everything
and then they left and we got back into
bed
it's Bank Holiday Monday today I love
how you can like see the rubbish down
there this is so wide angle and it's
Bank Holiday Monday today so that
basically means it's okay to be lazy for
today we're going to got back into bed
about half past 10 quarter to 11:00 and
fell back asleep until half past two I
fell back asleep for three hours and so
did Zoey with a three hour nap during
the day so the time is now hot bus 4 as
you just saw and in Brighton they have
buttons really like creative and cool
and artsy and they have things
occasionally called food festivals I'm
pretty sure they're doing other cities
as well also ignore my hair look at that
it's all crazy haven't done it today
basically there's a food a food and
drink festival festival on in Brighton
on the seafront so we're now going to go
to that and go get some lunch slash
early dinner and technologists aren't we
baby you excited I think she's excited I
think she knows no I could just tell
when we're going out like she just runs
over to the door and I headbutts her
lead we hang her lead on the door handle
anyway so we're gonna go to the Food
Festival on the beach I'm gonna bring
this new camera to see what it's like
when it's super wide angle on the beach
yeah that's about it should we take one
of these big old cameras as well yeah
which one should we take my big zoom
lens to now hurry that is so old also if
I wanted to take a picture of you I'd
have to stand like to stay there I'd
have to stand like here too we have to
take a good picture of you so yeah
let's go for this one this one here if
you're wondering is a 5d Mark 3 with a
16 to 35 this is a 5d Mark 3 with a 30ml
fix Sigma 1.4 right should we go yeah I
kind of want to do my hair a little bit
before we go yes I know but it's such a
mess look at this little bear kind of
just got changed but now I have a
matching tisha and power no Jackie and
Howard also just realized I can choose
from my two pairs of identical
sunglasses - where did I show you guys
in a vlog or did I just show you on a
livestream basically you know I ordered
some new sunglasses in Turin oh my gosh
my finger was in shot that whole time
because is he and look at that basically
I ordered some custom-made sunglasses
where there were normal glasses and then
I paid them to their company like 20
pounds or something to make them into
sunglasses because the the glass split
was like normal glasses and then I went
snowboarding I had to her aunt in New
York and I had to have glasses for that
time period and my other ones hadn't
been made yet so the airport I bought
these here let me show you
you left the cameras on servo flap okay
so got this one here and then I got my
custom-made glasses back there these
literally they're like they're not the
same but they are pretty much the same
glasses so which one should I wear today
should I try my new my new custom ones
on yo here we go right should we go
sorry are you ready kids
today she excited what you with your big
camera you're eager have you got money
have you got any change for parking
meter and actually that I've got two
into my pocket
two times 50 that should be enough yeah
oh the doors locked kids yeah they are
all right let's go I were just going out
there's like live music and all foods
and everything knowledge loving her life
there's so many people here it is crazy
also the Sun is not out which is
annoying it's not very sunny that's
right
there are so many amazing canned food
places like literally every single stall
is a different food place and I'm so
hungry I don't know what to go for we've
got into that hair and makeup section I
know there's food over there exotic
tagine no teeth whitening look at this
here we go thank you so much I stood
thank you so much
and we are back this is our entire house
in one shot that was really good but it
was so so busy like so crazy busy to
Jeff um yeah I wish there was like more
of our friends there are so more of our
friends there wasn't any of our friends
is just a no but it was one of those
things where you want to like drink like
have a beer eh and I get like a nice hot
dog sit down in a deck chair but
everyone there was in like big groups of
friends having like a drink enjoying the
day and were you Nick there for a half
an hour to grab lunch so it's kind of a
different vibe for us it was super super
good we met tons of you guys there which
was nice but yeah we just wish we had
longer yeah they were do my memory card
just got full up so I had to switch them
now boring Zoey's also I don't know if I
showed you this so we got some churros
and I got this which was delicious well
I say it was I haven't actually tried it
yet it looks delicious
was a bananas look a bit sloppy now it's
basically a Nutella and banana crap no I
am so excited to eat it yeah we're back
to the normal camera guys they just
Azeri can i vlog and shoes oh they've
got the massive wide-angle lens and now
got this one basically I look like you
just went abroad and you know I always
look like a top on and everything we've
basically just ordered the biggest
picture in the world this is meant to be
a medium a medium no I paid for medium I
paid medium maybe they give it to us for
free and then I got two sides of spicy
chicken it's late it's currently our
past eleven Oh imagine be chilled out on
the bed do not greasy that will be it's
not
that's just through the paper but yeah
basically it's lay and we didn't we kind
of as you saw we err like a week
time yeah yes it was like not dinner but
not lunch it was kind of strange so I
was just going to bed no Zoey I'm pretty
hungry before we sleep let's order some
food
obviously this late at night you can't
order anything healthy obviously my
batteries are also flashing right now so
I'm gonna have to end them up quite
quickly I don't know I'm going to put
this up by itself because I don't think
I've logged enough to date for it to be
like a solo video I might have to mix it
with tomorrow's vlog as well if there's
not enough footage so it's either going
to be the end of the vlog or about to go
into more clips from another day if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up I
love you so much I'm gonna eat this now
and I'm Jonathan the text it means oh no
so he's not sure if you like your new
camera got it yeah I love my new camera
people it's so he's jealous Jonathan is
jealous of my new equipment also I'm
saying that quickly my cat my battery's
Russian there was a cat in her kitchen
and she went looking for it going I can
work this out I got six dogs we can okay
how can we make this work whereas it was
no verifying don't fart sound like cats
apparently there we go
I feel like I should end the vlog on an
inspirational quote what something
inspirational pieces for life not just
for back holiday Monday's guys the worst
quote obvious thing of someone like
dream big oh my gosh I'm ending it here
I'll catch you tomorrow guys bitch back
in bed
can i I love you oh it's too long
