good morning guys how the hell are you
doing I feel like I'm logged in ages but
I have I've logged yesterday anyways I
just finished filming a new video I've
got a camera here a camera there all of
this rubbish over here
I've still got basically I don't if
you've seen it yet it went up last night
for you guys
I tried Japanese candy I basically I did
two videos trying British not British I
am British I've tried that American
candy on my main channel and you guys
went crazy for it so I did another video
trying Japanese candy and oh wow it was
something wasn't it it was absolutely
crazy like let me show you this is just
like the aftermath of trying it all like
look how just cool they are but that's
just a casual candy Japan like Kit Kats
and look at these and sour stuff and
this is like the things that I couldn't
eat there was like this crazy sweet here
it was really weird and like these
delicious drinks so good anyways you're
going to see that many guys I'll leave a
link down below so you can check it out
you might have already seen it by now if
you have let me know there are still
these one two three four five six seven
candies or and a drink now I haven't
tried yet so if you want to see me try
them then just let me know where you
want wait if you want to see like
another main channel video just like a
midweek extraor
it like I don't know buy some horrible
candy Unitas a forfeit in like a gaming
video or something I don't know anyways
also I got this camera arrived this
morning in the post because wait laughs
I got everything from up here shall I go
downstairs my I've got my memory cards
I've got my memory card let me check my
bucket let me check yeah I got it right
and all the others around Zoe and all
her friends are out in town shopping
just whilst I was filming a video I got
this camera when did I get in the post
this morning
basically fouseytube you guys know him
he does like crazy pranks on YouTube and
daily vlogs and stuff but not with him
in New York a couple of days ago he was
using this camera here
now it's strange it's funny story
because Canon offered me one of these
cameras is this here if you're a
wandering Canon offered me this camera
for free like months ago before it came
out they were not happy
we've got a new LEGRIA something I don't
have to pronounce their canon camera
coming out would you like one for free
and I was like no thank you I'm actually
ok with my Canon camera at the moment
that I already use don't everybody need
a new one and then I saw Youssef visa to
be using that and I was like oh man that
comes as sick what is it I want one and
then he told me Nasser
oh I turned that down off Canon the
other day I said the other day I made
months ago and so of course that's order
one so I ordered running it came today I
haven't tried it yeah I'm I've turned it
on and set the date and time but that
was it
so it's basically like this and then you
flip out the screen so that I can see
myself vlogging I haven't got memory
card in there at the moment
I know so I can see myself vlogging like
that and if I wanted to ever do like a
time lapse or like a little shot it's
got like a little bit that pops down
from the bottom here like that like a
tripod so I can go like that look how
cool is that just makes it so much
easier I can just pop it on the side
life I was cooking or something cuz it's
already got a little ledge built into it
so that's pretty cool the only issue is
with it is that it takes some time
getting used to because it is very wide
angle like this now is probably like
chopping off my head or my hair or
something like that because I'm not
holding it all the back like this
whereas this camera is super wide angle
so it gets like the whole room in shot
in one which I think looks really really
good once you get used to it
some people like so he was like wow
that's hard to get used to I feel really
weird watching this so I think if one of
those things that I'll try out and if
you guys think like it looks cool
then I'll use it because basically the
way that Youssef talk to me about death
is that he said he really likes it
because it gets more things in shot so
it's more for you guys to like
experience more his experience in my in
these daily vlogs you go through what I
go through in an average day so right
now you're seeing what I'm seeing but
you're only seeing like a little box I'm
guessing like this big right now if I
use this
you see like most the room in shot so
you can properly see what I'm doing
where I'm going who I'm with because
right now if there's somebody say next
to me you might not be able to see them
because they can't and they're not in
shop if I moved in this camera you
wouldn't be able to see them anyways
should I switch camera and show you what
I mean I haven't used it yet you might
not like it
don't just comment say no I didn't like
it I hate it just think about it for a
second I'm not saying I'm gonna use
every day I'm not say I'm gonna use it
all the time I've just bought it because
I wanted to try it out I think it'll be
cool experiencing a vlog that's much
more wide angle anyway so I'm going to
switch over now it does take time to get
used to so don't worry I'm not just
gonna stop using it now forever that's
not it I still love this camera I just
bought it just to try out with this
comes at the same time let's try it
yo yo yeah okay so we've got working
guys it is turned on as you can see to
see what I mean by light you can see the
whole room life I sit like this hello
it might make my face to look a little
bit longer if I hold it like here then
that looks quite normal but you can see
like like you can see my arm there that
is crazy that you can see that normally
you'd only able to see like nothing so I
think it's quite cool because you can
see so much more throughout or basically
you can see how messy my room is I also
can see myself really well which is good
I don't know the audio is like so let
basically let me know what you think
whether you think the camera that's cool
let me have a little walk around the
house to show you what it would be like
if I plug in sauna oh yeah guys I'm just
doing this and this nurse I'm just doing
this oh yeah
look kids - washing up hey how you doing
it's the guinea pigs
hey guinea pigs how you doing it's the
guinea pigs and that's their harsh stuff
like that I don't know basically I think
it's quite cool it's a lot easier on my
arm meaning I don't have to hold it like
this but I can just hold it like this
and vlog yeah I don't know anyways I
need to edit this main Channel video
that I just filmed because it is already
22 oh sorry I just burped what's wrong
and that is very rude of me pardon me it
is already 20 to 4 so I need to edit the
vlog I'm obsessed with this camera
basically just finished edge
in the new video I've got one more
little check through to go through make
sure everything is good
then add music and then it is finish
Nullah she's gonna walk sure got a walk
do you want a donut gonna walk she were
gonna walk but this sure gonna walkies
haha right I'm gonna take Norah and a
walk before I Karen instant let's go
let's go with a new camera girl why I
your nigger by the front door no no
where we going baby back from the walk
now guys turn the drink baby can you
have a drink
no is it comfo you took off my third
yeah we had a really really nice that
would like formally about 20 minute walk
which was good now back to editing you
tie it up to that you can have a little
sleep ease in your bed Gloucester edit
are you gone you get into bed how do you
go to bed go to bed go and go to bed
come on you know this go to bed good
yeah that's lovely my gosh Oh hop into
bed
zoey is not the biggest fan of my new
wide-angle camera because now she
doesn't know look I know my office now
she doesn't have a choice of being in
the video or not being in the video when
were in bed even if I don't make it just
mate it's not like this this more fun we
feel like fish not solved on this camera
look how unflattering that it's not look
come here come here
you're not gonna make me love this
camera look there we go no no no more
camera where we well we're not stretched
round No Oh nailed Mateus sorry
and yeah I didn't really blog much
tonight guys the last time I've logged
was me edited my video and then I rode
did it and it's been crazy bar so thank
you for the sport and then I did daily
blog and then you uploaded a video and
then we went out for dinner with your
friends as well which was good but I
didn't vlog anything and now I watch the
cam and now we'll watch it in a
Christmas special governesses Gavin
separate item speak which I have this
having a CC special of oh my god I can't
even speak which I've seen that 46 times
I don't put it on TV in May though yeah
I don't send either because people let
you watch it right I love that you can
see your whole arm still no you can see
I had in there yes that's so cool why
anyways guys I'm gonna end the vlog
thank you so much for watching
oh wait the cameras there yeah of course
no it's done that thank you so much for
watching guys I'm going to probably film
tomorrow's vlog back on my normal camera
I'm like God I might film some little
shots on this one just for fun because I
like walking when I'm walking of logging
I like filming on this one or visit when
I'm laying down in bed it's not the most
flattering moment I'm like this to an
end it from beyond over thanks so much
for watching guys
yeah thank you so much for watching guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it we've got some of your thumb
blogs and I'll catch you tomorrow good
night
