good morning guys how are you doing
today you get I hope you are I'm in a
really really nice day it's the last day
in New York the weather looks a little
like this which is nice really really
nice day it's just clearing up there's
no more cloudy earlier it is the last
day which means I have to check out my
hotel room I've been cleaning up for
like 20 minutes now and it still looks
like this I was also met to check out at
12 o'clock and it's now half past 12
so probably going to get billed and have
to pay a bit extra because I'm an idiot
and stayed I'm off to do something crazy
exciting in like an hour and a half do I
tell you what it is do I not tell you
what it is do I tell you no I'm not
gonna tell you you're gonna have to wait
and see
probably yes guess right now in the
comments what it is I'll catch you then
good bye good bye New York
good bye I mean I don't know I'm saying
goodbye New York because I'm not leaving
New York yeah probably should do that on
the plane just about to tell them
thought I'll inform you that the last
person that was in this lift
definitely is something worse very 5ever
smell my life is just disgusting
because Joe is making helicopters
basically guys are going on a helicopter
Louise didn't know because it's like one
of her birthday surprises she's so happy
she's now crying why should I have one
more he's bleep reason why as I'm
annoyed about ten out of ten by now you
know a massive NZ on the road safe plays
and photos i zoom lens I forgot my
camera turn on a helicopter ride we've
just been given some fanny packs don't
really know why I don't really know what
that's gonna do
we just went back to Starbucks got
another whoever fresher
we'll just capping it as well which is
good so they don't do the name actually
yeah they don't have anything over here
though no they do just one oh you can
say married and then we also got this
what was this a caramel women crunch wow
that is like the most shoes I've ever
had any dream
it's good and then got a turkey sandwich
as well it is time to head out and a
girl I've got so much luggage again
you've already lost your phone
Joe has just gone out and bought he's
getting mobbed it's getting into the van
outside New York has been amazing
we're heading to the airport flying back
tonight it's weird because like in the
UK at the time is ahead like is it five
hours ahead maybe five hours ahead so we
fly now by 7:00 p.m. tonight and then we
land at 7:00 p.m. tomorrow but the
flight is only six hours strange
smashing it McDonald's got 10 chicken
nuggets chips drink we're gonna make
Matt yeah you got one social waiting
what you've ever boarded I know you've
all do the same as me what it create for
trim I don't know any extra chairs we
weren't exactly the same though I think
the others are going to pain already and
we've got 45 minutes to our leaves so we
just sit in chair know how things you do
is there's more to me
