good morning guys today I'm off to one
net first of all what is that oh it's
because I put the had anything on dibs
I'll just put it back in there today I'm
off to a New York Yankees game which is
gonna be sick I'm running late us
mentally downstairs seven Wow 22 minutes
ago I am so so late basically either sky
nor a Skype can't even speak have been
rushing so much I had a meeting over the
phone at the conference cool for like 45
minutes which left me half now to get
ready which is perfect I only take about
15 minutes I then split that over half
and I went to Zoey which left me - three
minutes
so yeah taking like 15 minutes or
something to get ready
Barbara's already why isn't this work in
there we go but I was already running
late when I got off the phone I was
already three minutes late so I had to
jump in the shower
get ready haven't even had a chance to
dry my hair yet it's all curly and
fluffy today damn I'm excited about this
New York Yankees game it's going to sick
I just got downstairs Joe and I have
switched phones
I've got his iPad and doing one
three-peat drop the other ones phone
he's going fast drag it through doors
you tweet enough my friend then I read
or we were just reading some time
anywhere to the same time according to
face too early but I can't even think
what to tweet I'm not going to wait to
this so bad there right so the tweets
you've been saying guys I don't know
what you did standing outside the hotel
in a black leather jacket coming into
the hotel in acetone II will show you
the way to my room no there's going to
be a joke miss Mohammed Ali Nala boobies
so much going through moms will snuggle
cozy my gosh
it's very crazy
Oh Kobus go Yankees Claire so excited
she's the biggest fan she's about to pee
myself guys are in America
thank you so much
Vanessa I see so we get like free sushi
every food is crazy
look how close we are wearing part of
the food not even all of it and this is
literally just nuts
right
oh my gosh with this I'm gonna get some
attire I don't know who do players
together
this is my man I just bought his t-shirt
come on boy
yeah
straight over there and I believe that
if the ball goes out and somebody catch
it you get to keep the ball and then
obviously defend them who hit it and
what game it was that's how valuable the
ball is
my guys back up and it's some sport and
his t-shirt now put it on come on boy
come inside guys so hot another hot dog
the last one was so good boy it is so
hot outside if you wanted to know my
back is literally soaking wet that
should have more insurance rights Joe
and I get reported by the police to -
hello - NYPD go and say hello to some
galaxy goodbye yo and I'm back in my
messy room because I told them again I'm
so silly I told them not to he's that
noise never saw one like that my life
before may later and that was so bloomin
awesome today so so awesome what I need
to do is have a really quick shower or
something but I want to keep this on I
like this I think it's quite cool and
then I want to go shopping we've got
like an hour and 15 minutes so we need
to meet downstairs so I'm gonna have
like the world's quickest shower then
I'm gonna go a and a and a and a and a
and order a taxi to take me because I
want to go to American Apparel no not
American of how all Urban Outfitters I
wanna go to Urban Outfitters today and
do some shopping so do I need hurry up
right that was not my lens that was
absolutely crazy there is so many
beautiful that popped up there is so
many be now outside the hotel
like yesterday I stopped another picture
of everybody out there but today there's
just so many of you that like it just
wouldn't work so I'm sorry that I
couldn't stop just then hopefully I'll
bump into you a load of you now while
I'm shopping and then when I go back
maybe if there's less anything obviously
I'll stop out so I have some pictures
and hugs and everything but there was
like I don't maybe like 200 people 100
people outside the hotel just then so it
just wasn't safe like you guys should be
not in the road and number one star
Urban Outfitters
open our fears in America is so much
better like there is so so so much more
joy
only dangerous thing now is if I spend
too much
I just bought so many clothes guys I
just can't help it in America Urban
Outfitters is so good like so much
better than UK so what like a jacket
vest a t-shirts and jeans a bag a scarf
a necklace another t-shirt I don't even
know I literally I don't even know I
just bought so much stuff and I love it
all so that means I can choose something
to wear tonight I got my beanie yarn got
my t-shirt arm got my new necklace on
and I'm ready phone wallet camera oh
good let's go to brain house Oh awesome
for dinner that's quite important in my
schedule I like eating and here we are
Madison Square Garden
this is where the event is tonight I'm
pretty sure this is where what the
Justin Bieber from the wondering movie
about are we actually there is it a
brilliant I don't know so I asked him
well I want to see an ice hockey game so
bad there's Zoey
oh and she's got and this trailer
so excited I love Stamper
and what happened
we human being pretty incredible things
I knew guys like this morning
this is his little camera I don't know
what to give it on all do I get it yeah
yeah you gotta go out get last river
last I mean ever
uh Lewis base the first ever time I'm in
your why do so first some of your locker
on you
one heard that the in this I can the
Orion bouquet
what you know you got
they could have glue on there how would
I start out how are they stuck down
we've just got back to the hotel and
we're in YouTube's presidential suite
ello ello ello and there is a crazy
amount of people downstairs I haven't
even checked to Zangla I just went
straight to the toilet
so just go back to my hotel room after
going to the party and all of that and
the drank ask then go to another party
afterwards my hotel is so messy like why
did I leave it in this state guys I just
wanted to get into bed I was just
talking to Maddie now on the left and I
was like I'm gonna get straight into
bedding fall asleep look at this right
I'm gonna end my vlog now because I need
to tidy this room up and go to bed so
thank you so much watching today if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up I'll
catch you tomorrow I love you so much
good night
