good morning guys how you doing today I
have just got out of the shower my plan
is to iron this now this is the ironing
board has no legs so I have no idea
where to put it I'm also running late I
was meant to me in Troy ten minutes ago
so I need to hurry my butt up
come on reach oh my gosh it doesn't even
reach finally I earned my t-shirt guys
and now it's got all these weird like
iron marks on it would you like
basically I need to hurry up as well
underneath here it's got this like metal
nut mesh and now I don't know if you can
see but on my t-shirt it's got that like
mesh all over it but engraved into it
look at that what the hell New York
what the hell having to change my top
again
no we are going to the lobby right Tyler
and Troy and John and Louise and
Madeline downstairs so gonna meet them
and then we're gonna go get some
breakfast now because me Tori I only got
coffee this morning and went for a walk
I'm gonna catch up but we didn't want to
get breakfast because YouTube the host
and breakfast for us
my name's Mike Rowe not your host I
didn't I know I'm in a fashion which
includes all of you guys so get super
pumped when I see yourself which is
gonna be for like two seconds but I hope
you're gonna be on that man today
by me he said first place first of all
there's a competitions from higher
ground it's superstition to even like
the syrupy cheesy stuff that we
associate between the post office - like
my Sharia
don't do anything
for a big happy birthday hold your left
hands if movies are you right here
electing so hold it back hold it tight
right here at the table and count in
front of everybody count ten cards out
loud and it's just one right there one
five two three three four five six seven
eight nine ten cards now we don't care
about the number in soup we only care
about the paper in the big satchel court
but I want you to do it count so
everybody can see subdue a big count
I'll show you how to do it you do one
you'll see that but feel it make sure it
is one that's number two
face down on the bottom keep going how
about three great for great perfect good
good great
ten cards can you with your right hand
hold them against your heart right hand
do me a favor you can see all the cards
yes don't move I don't
to get any closer but you see all the
different cards okay we only care about
the number not the suit stay where you
are do not move can you help me
absolutely
can you just holler out stopping and you
see they're all different that's a
difference or do you want to just mix
them quickly do not move can you see how
you mix them great so I'm gonna go
through the cards that you just shuffle
yeah and you're gonna just holla quick
wherever you want so I go through and
you say stop stop well you got to decide
before I go through each other yeah stop
okay
number three it's a three it's a three
it doesn't matter
don't move that's one part that's the
second card and that's the third card
three chords just traveled from my pile
to yours can you can you stand right
next to me can you count the pays the
original number here is arrest eleven
take the three questions
let's take the three cards threw them on
top don't move put your right hand right
on top of them do not I want you to
think of a number love to ten say seven
you want me to make seven cards travel
from here to there okay do not move
seven cards just travel through the air
thirteen cards there's now twenty but in
case you think there's no longer
thirteen there is not all of you
this is creative summit these are some
amazing creators of your life let's get
the most creative treated that we know
23 years in this entertainment game sir
thank you I'm a massive nerdy nerdy fan
why we just before in some weird yeah
know what's happening yeah he's gonna
come out like an elephant
we have no idea what's going on
Jerry's freaking up
well I am back after such a long and
awesome day that was crazy basically we
had like a creator summer which is where
YouTube's got all their like creative
people put them in a room oh my face
just hit it's so hard on there put them
all in a room and then just had awesome
people talking for the day so as you
just saw we met some pretty crazy people
like Snoop Dogg David Blaine obviously
John Green was there although he's a
youtuber so as faces youtuber novelist
everything he's just awesome and Hearst
I meet
where's Anderson the president of
YouTube lots lots and lots it's really
really good yeah don't you know us to
think we are now going out for dinner
for Louise's birthday cause it's
Louise's birthday today
so we're gonna go celebrate that it's
been super fun I need to get changed I
need to do my hair do my face maybe have
a shower and get going also I should
just say sorry that with the vlogs are
all going up late in a weird times and
maybe not even going up at all I'm
basically editing all my vlogs but I
just haven't really got much time to
upload them so I'm still keeping on top
of all the editing but I just haven't
had time to sit and upload them and do
the thumbnails and everything like that
so I'm doing my best but it's hard when
you're traveling and I'm all changed and
ready to go I've got black quiche on my
necklace
a new black suede jacket which I think
he's got a cool kind of little bit like
a magician in it about jeans some shoes
my hotel room is so beloved messy is so
nice outside though I just tweeted
saying guys is it too hot to wear a
black suede jacket in New York and
everyone said yes but I mean look how
lovely the day is I don't know how long
I'm gonna be staying out for I think
we'll never forget her and then go for
drinks straight away so I think it's
okay to worry about jacket if I get too
hot I can just take off
I can even do this with one hand sure I
do all the time while some blog enough
switch hands so Anna wears Invisalign is
nice
Joe eat the end of this one one to one
hundred remotes for wearing a skinny
just don't move it here come on
I don't I see
we finished up drinks and dinner
Larry race I don't know where we are
no one knows where we go meant we're
going to meet everyone else but if you
can see me but the views up here or I'm
gonna stand here on the speaker
yo you scared me I'm not sure when the
last time I blogged was because my
camera ran a charge and then I tried to
vlog we just went to the penthouse suite
which Google just bought basically
Googlers rented the penthouse suite of
this hotel so that all of us can hang
out and have drinks and have food late
at night or just whenever we want really
so quite a few of us just went back to
the penthouse suite just Childre bit
there's a jacuzzi there as well didn't
go in the jacuzzi because obviously the
intent swimming trunks which went
straight from the dinner to another
drinks and then two drinks there but
it's such good evening it's now four
o'clock in the morning it's so so late
and I am unbelievably tired like I'm
gonna fall asleep any second thank you
so much watching today I love you so
much I'll catch you tomorrow
good night
