good morning guys I am at the airport
all checked in Joseph was just buying
some food over there there he is there
he is
Luiz nearly didn't make the flight we've
just got a text now turned that she is
me after but Maddie had to wait back for
her because her oxygen driver didn't
know where he was because she didn't
know where she was and it was like
you've got 10 minutes left to check in
before it closes and we're calling her
and she's I'll it you have no idea where
I am
and the driver was I have no idea where
I am they just probably on a Sat now so
she's made it really lucked and it
really happened but now we've literally
got
49 minutes until the plane leaves he
excited
he's going to service the Viet we've
just gone to the plane we've got a
streaming big seats I can literally
stretch my legs out the whole way on the
screen there got Jamal down there
dan and Phil there these guys and Louise
behind me
this is good
thanks to Google personal
it's crazy about to take off now as well
so you just landed and got to New York
now some people have come through hello
Hey look at this this is the first
American book to that I'm signing that's
so crazy
I just snuck off from the rest of the
group I want to get some food I don't
want to get this sushi all looks so
complicated well it's just like simple
sushi that's like this isn't happening
tomorrow is that edgy building no the
one that's on the corner that's that
triangle oh and I don't let you know
what it's gorgeously
arrived in my room you've also just gave
me a package downstairs I don't know
what it's in there we'll have a look in
a sec but this here is my room it's cool
look at these circular windows they're
massive and they're not we can see out
of it all of this all of that I always
get confused between this building and
the Empire State maybe maybe it's not
that building last time I went to a
building when I was in New York with
Marcus more like can we go up here and
they were like this isn't the Empire
State without oh okay maybe we ain't go
up here oh wow
it certainly windows open okay this this
is sick
I don't know where I am I have no idea
where I am
although knows that I'm in my hotel and
that is good
What's in these cupboards hello open up
yes cuz no snacks the love box but every
now was this oh no I think it's a sensor
one once you pick up you have to pay for
it oh yes I won't be using that and
hopefully I won't be paying for either
definitely don't want that what's in
here pull the magic candle dun dun dun
dun oh this is sick metal then I told
you like hey my little shop oh wow this
is a chain mail I don't know why I love
bathrooms my that's called as well I
might anyone let me know in the comments
I think I may be one of the only people
in the world to enjoy bathrooms in hotel
rooms just as much as that to a hotel
room itself this is so cool I love how
the walls like tilted as well and big
curtains I don't know I'm so excited to
be in New York this is crazy I was just
tweeting while stars are on the way wait
let me lay down let me just
I was just tweeting whilst I was on the
way here just saying it's crazy like I'm
21 I'm flying to New York to hang out
with friends that Google paid like
Google paid for my flights they were
busy like business or first-class pay
for this hotel room it's just insane
like why is stuff like this happening to
me
it is crazy so thank you so much for the
support on the videos because you make
ridiculous stuff like this possible
which hopefully just make my videos even
better right I don't know what to do
everyone said they were gonna have a nap
but I slept for four and a half hours on
the plane it's like I've got video
background music I don't need to have
backbone music to my video because I've
got this playing oh hello mr. LV days
welcome to the dream downtown I haven't
got to don't even three hours I brought
my big boy camera as I told you so what
I might do is just go and tear some
pictures might do some editing as well I
think I think Tyler and Troy and Joey
and everyone is here oh I just got some
messages on my phone who are they from
direct message from I don't know it
doesn't say ah I'm so happy just ordered
some room service and it has arrived
came really really quickly so over here
woman let me try and do this about
dropping it over here we have done that
on yo they look sick I'm here yes this
looks so delicious my god also I've also
I can't even speak because I know I'm an
idiot what's the time now it's four
o'clock now I've got dinner at 6 o'clock
but I was too hungry to wait so I kinda
just had to do it right let's see what's
in here quickly I'm gonna do it quickly
because I don't want my food to get cold
right so this was from YouTube or Google
when we arrived let's open it up then I
have no idea what is inside here if I
can ever open it with one hand that is
jeez what is in here right here we go
don't create that some head this is
nothing I've come here for put that on
the floor here trial mix that's like is
that chocolate was that like healthy
chocolate I think that's like some kind
of something yo some headphones thank
you
Oh sick yes what is this
twenty dollars to five hundred dollars
amount seventy-five I got 75 dollars is
that just I can spend anywhere anywhere
just $75 I don't have a clue some sweets
oh man yes Google I love these and some
of them for air thank you
what is this little notepad that just
literally an empty little notepad oh wow
it's a little thing of New York sick
over here 100% natural turkey oh I mean
I'm not too sure about that
some little beans good and what is this
a bag is that a wash bag I don't know
what that little necklace bit is oh
that's like a lanyard for that thing
they gave me earlier but I don't know
where I put it
I still haven't looked in its open it do
facial spray for is deodorant awesome
just loads of bits lip balm hand cream
oh man I love that I've got that bag
with me over there that's the matching
bag sick Google you are the one yes I
finished eating all I could just on my
hair put some moisturizer on change my
clothes feeling a lot more
that's all I can eat guys it doesn't
even look like it much buy it half the
chicken quite a lot the salad and a load
of chips but I'm eating again we're
going out for dinner in like an hour in
20 minutes so I can't eat all of it
which is a shame but can always eat some
of it later if it's still tasty just
getting my camera out of here now
because I want to go take some photos of
New York what do I need do I need
anything shutting my tripod what should
I take so kind of hit the wrong button
on the left I've ended up coming out of
something like basement area or
something I don't have a clue what I've
done this is so lovely just strolling
along here there's not too much wind
weather seems a little bit windy it's
actually not regularly it's just so many
great photos these guys bumped into me
thanks for watching my videos this cars
got some ultra score poses some more
people have bumped into me Shannon grace
Rachel and Jenny is that right
there we go thank you so much for coming
and these to skip class that's naughty
so I'm with Katie and Caitlyn is that
both your names yes so similar and look
at this
that's so crazy that's from my book
signing and you were in the vlog back
then thanks for coming to say hi Carly
and angel
thanks so much for coming an angel has
been watching Joey's videos Joey if
you're watching this for seat for six
years he's the biggest Graceffa fan
there is that's so sweet
thank you so much guys have a nice day
and I'm back in the hotel room if you
want to buy that song it is currently 79
P or night you I don't even know what I
did just came back for them how do we
put some more hair stuff in because that
wok messed up my hair so bad putting my
camera actually I mean I know it's not
the best hidden place so I'm gonna hide
my camera somewhere you can hide it
where can I hide my camera in the room
probably in the safe that'd probably be
best idea when Alfie the camera is
hidden and now look at that new hole hey
I'm simpler than weird we are off for
dinner or maybe meeting down in the
lobby seven minutes ago but everyone's
messaging each other saying wait what do
we meetin why don't me to where we meet
in so I think everyone's running 180 I
think it was rather like I couldn't
speak I'm gonna be the first one for
once guys look at Joe's ripped cheese
there's just a bit floating in the
middle making make it move
ready three two one that way please Luke
Ross is here
jealous no mines so broken oh because I
end every vlog by like that in the
camera so now the lens things are open
when I die on every time I want to feel
my clip I have to go yeah have you been
I know we need face of mine bar yeah we
need to when I taught you how to play
yeah when I broke the game the first
time we played that video so we've just
arrived at town for dinner
Joey is so excited this this is just
crazy
yeah and we've only gone and got a
bloomin little cheeky table look at this
this is awesome knocked out had arrived
TJ's to New York yeah
holy Wow look how much food we've got
this is our duck we haven't even started
oh sorry delicious
I guess what guys is past work in the UK
so he's excited are we celebrating now
are we celebrating me the enjoy way yeah
it's a big birthday she's 21
she's eight is sixteen sixteen to life
there's a 16 that never been kissed did
you say let me know you have a child and
you've never been gift you just skip
that stage let's go down the stairs
yes Hoover olden year but he was
actually older than you yeah being
serious it probably is no he was older
than we're now so about this parkour
strain a place called Chelsea my hair
would come for a hangout he kind of like
a bit I don't know what it is all I know
what out that is cool
is that there's drinks here and lots of
youtubers side
New York City that's so cool
I literally logged like none of that
party and I'm so so sorry I'm also sorry
that yesterday's David went up super
late I don't even know
I haven't even edited it yet and I've
got to be upper 8:00 in the morning to
be I don't even know we're meeting
Chelsea High Line a skyline something
like that at like 9:00 in the morning
I'm so tired it's currently 20 to 1 or
10 to 1 American time which is good
because when you fly from England to
America it's really really hard to stay
awake because you're so retired but I've
made myself stay awake I force myself I
just went and had some more drinks with
mamrie and Jo and Joey and iJustine and
Yusef from Fuji tube and we've just been
hanging out so that oh and as well and
premise prank yeah that was really
really good so thank you so much for a
lovely day guys I've met so many of you
outside the hotel and was walking around
the streets and at the events and stuff
so thanks for saying hi you guys are
always so lovely I'm gonna go to sleep
now I'm literally so tired I'll catch
you tomorrow
thank you so much I love you give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow good night
