good morning guys I am so tired
it is currently 1044 which is late for
me
I've had a long lion I set my alarm for
half-past eight and I woke up at half
past ten not good don't even remember
going off I just member zoe going I'm
going downstairs in it a bit first when
I was like what's the time she got half
past ten but I got this little bun with
me cuddling me in bed every night Oh
what have you got here let me see well
you've got you caught the dough
how do you go crocodile aah oh my god
watch out y'all go get out it's gonna
eat you Oh No
she's been cuddling me all morning in
bed Zoe when I go around bed at like 8
o'clock and she just came straight up
here and just fell asleep on me there he
is a coffee time coffee time coffee
coffee coffee time uploading time
uploading town
salami time salami time I'm really hyper
my lens is still broken stupid little
camera I haven't been vlogging because I
just put why say just an hour and a half
ago I just put my new iPhone cases out
for you guys they're out in the open and
it is going crazy you guys are loving
them which I'm so happy I was so nervous
look like somebody here just made an
order
scrolling down somebody else so-called
just ordered some now people are so so
excited I was like sitting here on skype
my sister thinking wait what people
don't even like the designs let alone
have an iPhone let alone want one let
alone have the money to get one and I
was like I don't know what to do but
they're going crazy fast like so so fast
let somebody else just ordered one just
ordered one but em yeah my vlog and my
main channel have you put your vlog live
Nala
have you so I didn't tell you what I saw
the other day in the airport Oh hug nope
nope ugh in the airport I wish we could
take no other waiver lick my nose if you
love mommy more
oh that's such cheated ah
my night if you always love me more
oh yeah such a cheat now the other day
our soy goes on here it goes here and it
fits round their back and it's a GoPro
for a dog mount how sick is that follow
me if you want to be with me forever
oh wait she follows any what yours she
follows anyone I'm not having any of
this no no let's see if she'll follow
you okay but you see lie down where I'll
sit see what's wait so she sat in it Hey
no no come over here no no come here
you ready see we're done all right let's
see Japanese no she willfully know that
she will not fight you ready Oh No
that's mommy wait let's use someone and
send the other end let's see who's here
in the middle how are we gonna put her
in the middle they know that come in the
middle no no come to my main I don't not
only in a decision she did sit
no I ended to sit in the middle okay go
on then mother come here she's in the
middle there
sit you ready what are we doing three
just seeing who shoot but on the count
of three we both turn and walk the other
way and we see who she follows but she's
looking at you goodnight that's GT come
to me yes oh come on oh that come on
Allah come on come on in come on that
doesn't count
okay now let us get a sweet happy
you're such a cheese she came to me yeah
she was looking although she loves me
more
anyways guys to carry on my vlog the
sport and the iPhone cases has been
incredible so thank you so much what
you're doing now entertain my video
sorry so how long is it so far
15 15 minutes no it's not it's actually
17 minutes it's a big old video just
there so you guys can go and enjoy that
I've got to pack for New York just
realize something back to talk oh I just
also ordered and some food we have been
just been literally filming and editing
uploading and doing away open case and
stuff so we haven't really had time to
cook and I've got to pack so we've just
ordered a zzs and I'm going to go and
pick that up in a minute but Zola you
know I didn't get to use this when I was
snowboarding I'm gonna take it to
America and then he's a New York I'm so
excited
your knee you're tired Marty you're
gonna use my camera so Zoe know I've
always wanted a burrito baby
everything's awesome series now we've
got one now we've got one burrito baby
you are so cute Annika breaker baby you
know you're so cute yes lovely
you're so good Lee oh don't have to get
too hot
would you have a thin layer burrito baby
just one new layer like this brittle
baby bye-bye
do you remember haha winter when she was
really tiny and we had to put her in
those little jumpers to keep her warm
yeah she used to just fall asleep in the
jumper no but remember lose it like two
nights ago or something that - it was in
the morning you were like what where's
Nolan when Tyler
oh she's under here and she was just
text me of someone that made scum and
she had come she was on top of the
covers I lifted up the cover to like
move or something she went down under
the cover and was like cuddled up to up
my top my stomach here did you remember
and then I put the covers back down she
was like completely just like under the
covers cuddling up to me when you
sleepyhead ha what is that does that
mean my taxis here
ah goodbye I'm gonna go get some dinner
I was
like why doesn't Zoey just take you
places there Zoey is exporting is
exporting now it is 83% exported so I've
ordered the taxi so I can because I
can't drive yet I know I need passed my
driving lessons line alright are now it
was the thing we're going to do a live
show tonight are you now that's what we
feel like that way yeah and we're going
to be good Sims I've got to go to New
York
oh no way I should don't you do this one
I'm getting ready I wasn't gonna miss my
taxi I don't know my wallet is I think
this if it you haven't got cash hum yeah
okay there's five pounds cash so I go to
New York tomorrow morning I've got tax
pick me up at 7 o'clock to sent me to
the airport or one minute hello hello
perfect I'm just put my shoes on
um yeah I've got it actually picking me
up at 7:00 in the morning tomorrow
but that's not too early 7 a.m. is not
too bad as long as I pack all my bags
tonight I think I can have a late night
so what I'm gonna do is we're going to
get dinner now it's like 10 minutes past
7:00
so I'll get back at half-past seven and
then we will eat dinner then we'll do a
you now if like an hour or something
then we will do film since Simmons
videos at two Sims videos or something
then I'll edit some on actually edit
some videos on the plane tomorrow
that's a good idea anyways I need to
shop and actually put my shoes on
whoo-hah dinner is here look at Zoe's
pizza you got a blue MINIX on there bit
chilly in there yeah that's mine give me
that big chicken give me that oh did you
ask for - lots of there yeah ok my gosh
and I'll put Enzo over here what are
these again oh so delicious how's your
video going yeah we have finished eating
our delicious food and we are now doing
a live broadcast there is me and there
is Zoe guys say hello to yourselves in
the chat and I'll put it in the vlog
know that is also trying to fight
another dog she has been running around
the dog next door in barking she's been
running around trying to find that did
you find it did you find the dog no yeah
okay come here for a cuddle with them
Zoe I've just finished filming two sims
4 episodes one is exporting on there one
is transferring on there is all going
down in here and I just realize that the
time is hot past 11:00
I haven't even packed one thing haven't
even packed one battery haven't even
charged one battery haven't even done
anything towards New York yeah and I've
got to leave in seven and a half hours
I'm really tired
I'm really excited I don't know whether
to pack like a small travel bag like
this high off the floor or whether to
pack like a big like week one I meant
wait when my own going for four days no
Monday Tuesday Wednesday 34 days yeah
four days but I'm leaving Wednesday
night landing on Thursday morning so
three days I just don't know whether
these are the kind of things where
people go out in the evening or whether
it's the kind of thing where people just
work casual clothes because I spoke to
Louise early on it's her birthday was
with her on Tuesday and she was like oh
yeah I've got my sparkly dress not like
sparkly dress does that mean I have to
wear like a shirt because I'm not ready
for that and all my clothes are still
drying on here so okay wait
yep they're all dry that's good all I
needed was clean boxers from there and
that is all good but yeah so I'm going
to end the vlog now even though I'm not
tucked up in bed as usual I'm just
ending it because I now need to throw
out with these Sims videos sweat another
gaming video filmed yesterday pack my
bag put Nala to bed tidy the house and
try and get some sleep it's going to be
a rushed hour or so so thank you so much
watching today
thank you so much for the support on the
iPhone cases I love you guys so much and
I'll see you I'm going to see you in
last 7 hours when I'm going to the
airport I'm going to the airport with Jo
Maddy and Louise so I'll catch you then
good night
