look ucky is ABC good morning she just
wanted to get down there stairs all
night didn't you
you wanted to play you wanted to come
phone buzz good morning guys good
morning how you doing we're just sitting
down to have breakfast in bed got
scrambled egg toast sausage and hash
brown I kind of just added sausage and
hash brown to the list because I like
both for those things even though they
don't really go with scrambled egg and
salmon I just got very excited once they
got little coffee once they got some
cranberry juice
we're watching the weirdest film in the
world called monster trucks Nala seems
to be enjoying it the most look at her
know that is it good you're watching it
all right you guys come up with a fun
plan and getting in the shower but we
still got matches for have you still got
your spa popping I have a match in spots
today and yesterday right I'll see you
in a minute
whoa that shower was good like it was
almost felt like a massage like you know
when you just get a really high end up
so this way to you because I've just
moisturized all over my face you know
when you get a really powerful shower
and it just feels like a massage that's
what that was that was good
why the heck is it dark at 12 o'clock
Rebecca's going on with the weather
what's going on whoa echoey and go
can you either this so echoey can either
go guys for some reason and i don't know
the reason of what i would tell you it
doesn't seem it in the camera that it is
dark it's half past 12:00 lunch time and
it's dark
the only thing that i can think is that
there was meant to be a hurricane
apparently my knee only got told this
this morning traveling through by
Northern Ireland and Scotland and coming
a little bit past where we are right now
today farily is no longer hurricane but
it's just a storm really really bad
winds everyone else's in mom dad's
brother I think they've got the room key
if not just locked us out where my
doggies where my doggies we just sort of
lunch about mummy cub is a good one me
cab or rummy rummy cube 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12
cheating going on guys Sean came in and
helped mom she cheated in one absolute
cheating that does not count
no ogre sleeping Allah is you tired you
having a busy day hard day you know he
go
yep tapping it all fob on the other side
to open it oh no I know what's gonna
happen now they're gonna lock me out
because I'm a room key oh no I just
heard you said don't let out the end let
me in let me in hey we need to go pack
guys today's the big day the brand-new
treehouse will go in there in a minute
we just wait for our lunch to arrive at
mom and dad's room the vlogs all edited
all uploaded all scheduled so we're
going to eat and then we're gonna head
over there head over and see the place
yeah this looks good off we go it's time
to be nicer days look at the sky it's
going blue
thank you so much ready to come see all
the first people in there's a few things
which aren't quite finished yeah and
there's a few things which aren't quite
how we want them to be but I think you
you know you're also gonna get the
experience it's it's lovely so here we
go
oh my gosh this is just one treehouse
yo its massive oh that's sick
I was a little squirrel in the tree two
hot tubs it was so cool how private it
is oh wow this is amazing god this is
crazy it is so much bigger yeah we
haven't even been upstairs yet it is so
much bigger than what I thought I love
this room I love this room I want to try
and go oh look at this that's so cool
look at this though dad there's a
massive telescope up here you know when
we were saying yesterday that we should
have bought ours two hot tubs what'd you
say it I warned you how sick this place
was gonna be I told you yeah I look at
this bedroom and as they said did you
guys hear did you hear when we were
coming in they said the builders have
literally just left so we were having
lunch the builders were still here
they got golf carts to pick us up for my
lunch come and drop us here
the builders left as we were on the way
like a switch over so there is a couple
of tiny little things like one of the
bathrooms doesn't have any hot water and
I think upstairs in one of the rooms
there's two lights that aren't working
but like 99% the stuff is working so
we're staying here tonight and then
after when we leave the building
got three more days to fix everything up
and then this is like fully available to
rent get those pictures get that I'm
obsessed with that fire how it's like in
the corner just separate little handle
oh no way
that's really good yeah then you don't
touch it and you don't need to use the
glove yeah cuz that's just separate
little bits of lovely name their boss I
bought a gin and a bottle of Taittinger
I haven't been up here yeah
there's a double bed up here as you know
I've got my throne with me yeah that's
kind of a strong today and watering the
trees so I didn't hope that my drones
gonna be quite go on go on dad
I bet you're gonna 20 thousands of high
score bet you're going to set it because
there's probably never ever been anyone
played this before we get on this in
pain when I'm take over all the high
scores the other triage would join to
another tree half an hour just
don't run in you know taking over all of
them time sharks aboard the games
I mean long as I have enough you shut
I'm not going to have what minutes that
have it and don't pac-man no I've only
played one game at the top scores 20,000
and now it's 45,000 so that's what I'm
saying what I'm saying that's what I'm
saying
bye no next time I was gonna come back
we're gonna check it up like let's check
120,000 what what do you mean she's in
the kitchen with them she won't leave
them alone thank you so much
that looks savage crab cocktail buzzes
yo face oh my gosh look at we can scoot
them sorry they even did you a whole
chicken if you don't need beef that's
crazy I know that's crazy
on this boy check this out we've got
four crumbles between us
good night guys I just just caught an
argument is Shawn still in our water
still in our steel water below my neck
is hot in here Zoe time to end the vlog
everybody you can only see half mix
there's only lighting on one side I'm
absolutely not good it's only 20 past
11:00 for me maybe yay yeah I'm just I
don't know I think it's because we
haven't been done much today often when
I haven't like woken up in the day and
proper done something like exciting
another needs a lot of my brain then my
brain just doesn't really wake up and
therefore I just stay tired most of the
day today is definite worth it it's a
Monday Tuesday feels like a
today yeah well not tomorrow is it
Sunday I'm gonna end the vlog I'm gonna
good sleep if you've enjoyed it give it
a thumbs up
tomorrow's gonna be fun tour it's gonna
be exciting this little one is
completely out of it it's just fast
asleep subscribe if you already linked
down below to buy some match goodness
