good morning guys it is new merchandise
day for you that is so so slowly like
I'm so scared and I'm so nervous and I
just I don't know what to do basically
for me it is Saturday for you it is
Sunday which means new merchandise so
let's just get straight into it before
the video begins all on itchy eyes as
you guys know I like Felisa merchandise
that is to do with me but isn't really
just like my face smack bang on a
t-shirt
I dress screw that I'll explain all the
design and the making aspects and that
all of the merchandise afterwards if you
wanna grab it basic it's limited edition
link is down below right now right you
don't even know what it is yet new
merchandise by really signs do more of
what makes you happy posters and they
sold out in 19 hours then I really sorry
about my hair beanies that sold out in
like 15 hours and now I have new limited
edition iPhone cases and phone cases
basically I've ordered like a boatload
in and once they sell out they're sold
out like that is it that is it so if you
do want one I advise that you get them
quite quickly if you're not so keen and
don't worry that is absolutely fine you
can just carry on watching the video
anyways for those of you that are keen
this here is the new merchandise there
is two different designs some of you
probably already seen this sneakily like
videos and stuff when I'm accidentally
showing my phone my phone case design
number one is this let it focus this a
pointless blog I got this design made
for me a pointlessblog iPhone case how
sick and well that's just my phone isn't
it how sick is that though look at that
so that is I think it's number one but
if you don't like that then we've got a
phone case number two and I've only got
it on an iPhone 4 at the moment I
haven't got it on an iPhone 6 so I can't
actually put it on my phone although I
gave one to my mum say if you ever seen
my mum in town she is using my phone
case and that is this one here I always
use this quote on Twitter as a focus to
be camera I always use this quote and
stuff on Twitter I absolutely love it
and it's basically it says remind
yourself that you don't have to do what
everyone else is doing
and I think that is so important because
it's so easy to get caught up comparing
yourself to others worrying about what
others think of you and none of that
matters like none of that at the end of
the day really does matter so this one
here I designed purely as just because I
love the quotes so much to remind the
self that you don't have to do what
everyone else is doing and you'll
yourself you're an individual and I just
love it
I think that's my favorite one of the
two I love both of them I like this one
I haven't released any merchandise yet
that's just pointless blog or that Alfie
deyes much like a picture of me or
anything like that and my first product
as I said was a signed poster and then
my second one was a beanie that had
something I had like a little quote on
that so I wanted to release this ROM
just because I think this can help out a
lot of people and it's always there on
your phone to remind yourself and I
really love the message and then I
wanted to release this run here and as
just for something that you guys want
something more pointlessblog something
more Alfie deyes so if you want one of
them they are currently nine pounds 99
each that is under 10 pounds or I've
done a special deal I didn't know I
didn't even know if this was possible I
just contacted the people that run the
website and like do all the technical
stuff for me and I was like guys what if
somebody wants one of each or what if
somebody wants one for their little
sister or for their friend or they just
want one of each or something like that
or a friend wants one another from once
another so if you guys want to buy one
of each then you can get it for let me
just check I'm pretty sure it's 14
pounds 98 14 pounds 98 so basically you
save a fiver more or less so it's nine
pounds 19 on each or two for 15 pounds
more or less slightly cheaper than that
which I think it's good because when you
head to the Apple store let mine ever
iPhone case so then where it is because
I don't use it anymore I just use this
one but my leather iPhone case cost me
thirty five pounds so I think ten pounds
is pretty reasonable it's taken me so
long you can tell because the last time
I released merchandise was beanies how
long goes that way
four months ago that was end of December
and so it's taking a lot time with the
manufacturers because I produced a lot
I'm not gonna lie I'll show you them
here let me show you just down like this
I produced I got them to make a lot of
different colors and a lot of different
versions for a lot of different phones
so as you can see these three colors
here are all that's slightly different
and then I was like I know I like the
writing on like this one but I don't
like the font on this one and then can
we change the color on this one so
basically I've got it to like my perfect
two and it like it's the same light you
can get it on different light you can
get on different phones so depending
what phone you have hopefully there'll
be something for everybody
let me show you we have the iPhone 4 and
the iPhone 4s iPhone 5 iPhone 5s iPhone
5c and we also have the iPhone 6 I'm so
happy with them like I'm really happy
they're like I can't describe they're
like a really smooth finish like they I
don't know what it's called like matte
is it matte when it's like soft can you
hear it
I don't know I'm getting weird anyways
let's carry on with the daily vlog if
you want one of those they are going to
be very very limited edition I literally
called up the people the other day was
it the other day was it yesterday
day before yesterday and I was like yo
let me order a load in now and they were
like okay do you not want to order him
on that and I was like well I don't now
never gonna sell so let's just order
that and I just ordered quite a few in
and once they sell out they're gone
anyways then to vlog I've got I've got
to be in a meeting in 15 minutes in town
I haven't even ordered a taxi yet what I
don't even eat some breakfast yet right
guys I forgot to mention earlier and I'm
just saying it now putting into the
beginning the video basically my iPhone
cases because I'm ordering them all
beforehand in bulk I just ordered them a
couple of days ago and they have taken
so long to be made because I ordered a
load of them in one go and I said I need
them ASAP and they were like we can't
make them quickly I was like what you're
gonna have to basically they take 15
days to be made then they take a week to
be shipped to the warehouse then they
get sorted in the warehouse and then
they get sent to you so they can take up
too and I'm going to sit up too because
I'm going to try my absolute best to get
them to you ASAP like I promise you I'm
doing everything I can
I would like try and pay for like better
service better delivery but I don't even
know I'm gonna do everything I possibly
can but just for safety
I've been told to tell you they can take
up to 6
weeks which I know is a long time but if
you live in that Australia and then I
have to get the 15 days who made let's
ship to the warehouse then sort it then
sent to Australia like it can take a
little while so please bear with me guys
it will arrive please please please
don't email me saying Alfie it's been
three weeks my iPhone case hasn't
arrived I'm doing my best to get them to
you as quickly as I can but I've been
told to tell you they can take up to six
weeks but I will do everything I can to
get them quicker than that right
carry on with the video so I just
finished up my meetings and just when I
bought myself lunch from a little deli I
have got a tuna salad sandwich which is
delicious some water I bought this for
Zoey she loves this stuff I don't I
don't know if I like I can work out or
not it's cool oh my camera is so bad I
need to get anyone I need I'm gonna
order one today
it's called bumble mousse which is
basically great it's a great great fruit
same thing and then I also got as you
guys know I love my salami look how much
I cop I got 200 grams of salami it's
delicious though right I'm just about to
film some gaming videos I got everything
set up over here I'm a back play a game
called I don't even know that's it's my
lens I know I need to order a new camera
I need to do that or should have ordered
it I haven't told you guys I am going to
New York on Monday which is tomorrow the
day after you're watching this I'm going
in New York probably should have bought
a new camera oh I could get away in the
airport hopefully they'll have my camera
in the airport and I can buy it in the
airport be about to play this game the
only thing I've seen so far is that when
you hover your mouse your mouse over
there let me click it goes to ploy now
what is that about
and so yeah that'll be up in my gaming
channel probably over the next couple of
days just be looking at Twitter just
uploading my daily vlog challenge my
sister on skype my office is an absolute
mess but what I have realized is because
you know I bought my new I'm sorry I'm
so excited I just I know it's in New
York on Monday I complete like I didn't
completely forget I didn't think about
it and you know I bought this new lens
here this big boy is literally that big
in real life and I didn't really get to
use it when snowboarding because I
didn't want to take it out on the slopes
on the Mount
fall over and then break my spine
because it's in my bag and it is
blooming big so just realize that I can
take it to New York and taste some
awesome pictures to my Instagram and
game in stock down I can't even speak
and that excited my Instagram game is
gonna be sick in New York like so sega's
if you're not following an entry I'm
going full up with this blog and yeah
I'm in such a good mood bats from some
gaming videos as I just said I'm good
thing I'm going to film three gaming
videos by myself and then I think let me
check up in in focus this camera doesn't
like to always focus me okay no a me
focus and then I think I'm going to play
I just managed to put Sims 4 from my PC
onto my iMac so it is going to be a lot
easier basically my PC has a virus which
makes it very very difficult to record
games on there that's why it's been very
hard for chord Sims on there recently
but I have just put it onto my put my
saved files I put them basically I went
into My Documents put my save files onto
an SD card and then drag them over onto
my iMac so I can now carry on the family
that means I we've been doing on sims 4
on my iMac which is amazing makes it so
much easier so I think we're gonna film
a couple of Sims 4 videos tonight which
is so exciting because we haven't done
that in literally like months and you
guys have been waiting so it is coming
Sims 4 is coming right I'm just so
excited for my iPhone cases also if
you've ordered an iPhone case let me
know let me know which one let me know
if you order both I want to treat you
guys back I want to do a big follow
spray
I want to DM you guys I wonder I don't
know I'm just so excited - Allah not -
you know the way you watch him okay
it's not yes did somebody send her this
I thought so Zoe help me go through all
my book signing presents are there one
of you guys sent all of this thank you
so much you like that do you like it -
like it - like it Missy
you do like it don't you yes you do
Missy if oh that's a big oh you're new
you're sure each other cuddle Oh
Dominique now Darla we're watching
Britain's Got Talent
I don't in Britain does have too much
talent do you think Britain has a lot of
talent I think we have a lot of talent
but not that go on this program why is
that get on more let's make it
she's got no clothes on put some clothes
on lady why I have feet tied together
shame a mate oh she was just bouncing
like a rabbit coming in don't go for a
wee-wee
hurry up dawn you're gonna go and do
your weed way good girl that's not a
tucked up in bed
that's the guinea pigs tucked up in bed
with water as well oh good so he's
obviously tucked up in bed and now I
need to go and get tucked up in a bed I
am gonna end my vlog in the bathroom
okay so he is fast asleep the next door
so thank you so much watching today I
hope you guys loved iPhone cases just as
much as me and I'm really really sorry
if you have a phone it isn't an iPhone
but I basically did a poll online I did
some obscure straw poll calm or
something and I tweeted out a facebook
tear in Sunday and snapchat him stuff a
couple of weeks ago or maybe it was a
couple of months ago and the way she
said figure out which device you have
like which my body have take the box
that's what I basically just bought I
think it's the top four most popular
folks I bought in it was basically so
that you guys definitely get cases that
fit your phone so it's got the four most
popular phone so I'm really so if you
have a phone and a case doesn't fit it
they'll be merge coming out soon other
match but I'm sure you guys will enjoy
and you guys can get in your love
anyways thank you so much with the
sports usual just been on Twitter
favorite in and DM and just messages so
many of you guys I love going through
all of my favorite so many tweets every
day Richard if you ask me my favorites
you would see how many people I go and
through her favorite every day anyways
I'm gonna go see now thank you so much
for the support
I love you so much and I will catch you
tomorrow
fees you've got is actually technically
because this past 12 o'clock tomorrow
for me as well as you're watching this
I'm going to New York the next day wow
that's so exciting I'm so excited
anyways I'll catch you to one of us
thank you so much with the sport I am
into it the I think is is I hope you get
one if you guys want one I've managed to
get one because member they are very
very limited edition and if you just
ordered the bakken and once they gone
they're gone forever
anyways I can't choose why I love you so
much nope
