alright guys I am back home girl I loved
my hair yet just had it cut as you saw
in town or look at my eyebrows go for
example to good money I've shot my vlog
are you ready to see I short my hair is
oh look at short it is guys I just went
I haven't put my own product in it yet
so I don't actually know one minute I
haven't product in it yet so it's not
looking now exactly how it's gonna look
but look at that you got short it is
isn't it sure yeah it's so crazy short
your lens isn't hey I know it's broken I
need a new blog and come with their
bloomin expensive hold that showing them
where hair it is it's so short what the
hell
well basically I'll try it insert a clip
of what I basically got it cut like
because there's a video of me and Zoe
ages ago Joan when we did the whipped
cream thing how well do we know each
other basically that video there my hair
is like this length and it's so much
better obviously it's going to take some
time to get used to I need to wash it
put my own product in it and everything
but it's been cut short I like I like it
and then I also got some lunch
I got flower pot for me bagel man for
Zoe you should be excited look at snow
where's my phone I know my friend went
out of charge
basically I went to bagel man and there
was like ten people queue then um it's
um Vega man it's like closed down for
refurbishment no yeah and then I had
arrows on the wall so we've opened up a
new one
opposite Nando's where there is amazing
amazing how what makes it more amazing
than you like just the design of is so
like current like tumblr cool I haven't
told you guys the holy moly zarnow here
I'm not sure the expect hang on
Jonathan's never experience is not the
same if you do it yourself it takes
overwhelming but immediate let's say we
do is turn hang on wait intentional come
back is that nice try it with Eduardo -
I'll do it - Eduardo yeah it's like
that's an answer more device Oh
mine just went up a tree everyone in
right hands I want to feel like how you
should do it know that we're gonna stir
by a platter
what is they do it again motto is that
nice is that nice it what I do ga know
like for you here you know alright just
uploaded the new album video time to
play in the garden alright now neither
won't go through the tunnel so the task
is to get Eduardo we're trying to make
our money's worth by using it in some
way alright right now go if you go I'll
go yeah you're gonna go through that no
you I coming in come on butter
it's done
thank you
Amelia's over here Amelia what you doing
oh you're making dinner of course what
else would you be doing I cannot fit
through there give you 10 pounds 10 watt
to go through that
I literally how do you call what I'd
such a slide through put your arms for
you go fast go on you get best no way
I'm gonna put my camera down go through
you gotta go fast you go into time the
time race yeah we should get like an
obstacle course
yeah hey that's pretty quick there's you
tell me how much just take a pillow and
sleep in there
you should try it why would I want to
try it just you that was way better go
Melia go is she like standing up in
there what yay now you're gonna go and
bake baby now good morning guys still a
time guys and we have got a ridiculous
man Wagga mama Jonathan's favorite I
told him earlier it was close to close
down for refurbishment and he was a cow
I can't make it anymore sorry guys I
knew you're just too good to giving my
jokes
you having a week that looks a bit too
delicious
denim I'm laughing I've got the exact
same Jonathan's already ended this vlog
I probably like one minute into my vlog
right now let the vlog begin mmm Zoe and
Amelia oh my gosh gives out focus that
whole time
I'm the worst blogger in the world why
do I even daily vlog Zoe in Amelia just
making some cookies guys it's a bit
lumpy
it's a bit too lumpy Amelia you need to
like um what's that girl called that is
the porridge goliad's yeah I'm pretty
sure it's in your thing oh yeah yeah
this one's too little bit me need you
know Goldilocks
whatsit Goldilocks - yeah oh cheap
what did she say either orange
oh that's wasted she's a pirate the
cheap as loved onei hits her where it
tastes nice yeah oh let we have to mix
mix mix oh is that my cake I'll be
having a chocolate pudding while waiting
pretty thick whilst I'm waiting for the
good lady mate
what it is how many bees you have it no
I realize I didn't I loved cooking for
so I cooked it along that time but that
looks good now maybe be accurate so it
is cookie time Zoe and Amelia made some
cookies if I'm making them yeah fun yeah
no it's very good
they look so Oh out of focus as usual
I'm so good at vlogging right guys it is
the end of the day I don't know why I
filmed all owners I got a haircut
let me know if you like in the comments
fact give the video a thumbs up if you
like my new haircut if you prefer
shorter the long I definitely do it is
so much easier to style looking at so
much more manageable enemies I don't
have to wear a beanie every day I had a
lot of fun today what did i do today I
had a meeting about something super
exciting which is like 99% happening and
you guys will probably find out in like
three weeks so I am crazy excited about
that but I think it's like three weeks
until you guys can find out maybe even
two weeks got a new merchandise coming
out on Sunday which is more than
exciting again if some of you asking
yesterday in yesterday's video said is
it gonna be limited edition is it this
you guys know I do all my merchants
emitted edition gave in that no matter I
said all my that is limited edition at
the moment just because it's so much
more easily managed basically i order
bulk in you guys order it once you've
ordered it and it hits the amount that
i've ordered in then it's gone forever
spit more exciting but it means that if
you get it you've got something special
that nobody else has got or not many
people have got yeah I just think it's
more fun than anybody can get the item
and that's just a bit that's quite
normal
rather than I like mixing things up in a
bit mix things up in a bit
up a bit I like mixing things up a bit
and just making it so that not all of
you can get it because I think it's just
more fun and more of a challenge to try
and get it anyways that's coming out
Sunday
well stirred our day we had Wagner
mummers played with the kids played with
Nala just had fun and now we're tucked
up in bed but watching TV watch some
YouTube videos and good to see so thank
you so much for watching
did you have a nice day yeah what was
your favorite part
why are you doing that we're cuz I need
to an end I has always been boring my
camera yeah I was a very nice day um
baking cookies of the media yeah which
you can all watch in my book oh thanks
thanks for that uh yeah
and yes good night guys I love you good
video thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I
you have a bra on under here it's a
strapless bra I look like you after you
have to go cool yeah and if we hand of
the camera
goodnight
