good morning guys I am still feeling so
ill today but I thought you know what I
have to get back into vlogging even if I
don't feel good just giving our little
breakfast and I'm just making my little
not cook yeah
little breakfast had yesterday off of
loggin which was nice it's meant I could
properly relax in bed enough to worry
about filming anything for you guys um I
just don't even know I just don't feel
good at the moment I think I'm just
really really drained and I need to
relax my throat so much I don't know I
don't even know I've made my breakfast
I've got some almond butter on little
whole will home whole weed I can speak I
was even good what is this thing called
pitabread and then I've also got a
little juice movie and then I got some
cold water as well it's currently 849 in
the morning which is quite early for me
I wake up and I don't know early this
morning I don't even know what to say
about this guys though it's just showed
me the weirdest thing in the world that
she bought nyla
you ready I don't think you're ready so
it's bigger than you
you got it
I am all dressed I am all ready to go I
don't know why I'm being so weird I
think I'm just feeling a lot better than
I did this morning my sore throat is it
going gradually I've got more energy
than I did before though he's upstairs
in a meeting I have just text mr. Chae
mr. Charlie mr. chamoy and we're going
to go off to town together now going to
grab some lunch
I need to get some new socks I ordered
some new sunglasses I need to go and
collect what else do I need to do what
else do I need to do I started showed
you my snowboard let me open a door
there we go
you got here boy like a massive tunnel
like agility course meaning she bought
this but knowledge do you sketch one
through it so like H one today or
something also you know the chimney that
we ordered it doesn't fit they sent us a
dud one it's broken
thanks guys but yeah what I can say for
that tunnel for not with one hand one
sec there's only what that Judith
infinitely and she's too scared to run
through it so I think later on today
when the sun's due out we need to teach
her how to run through it together
that'll be cool right snowboard my boots
didn't fit me and Ian from Hasty's
kitchen didn't fit him his were a size
too big
my for a size too small so we switched
so these now here a most noble in boots
I did have the nights before and now
I've got the burdens we switched up
which was good and this here is my
snowboard open you guys are ready to see
how sick it is cool come on big big
snowboard right
let's undo it dented attendant then I'm
so excited to use it I haven't used it
yet because when I was over there I
rented a snowboard because I want to
make sure that I liked snowboarding a
lot and enough to purchase one and the
reason why I bought one now after
snowboarding it looks like I can imagine
you beam up why would you buy it after
you go snowboarding that stupid
it is technically out of snowboarding
season I wonder what these on inside it
is out snowboarding season so I got this
for 25 cent of this snowboard 25% off
the bindings and 25% off for the bag so
I saved a bloomin lot of money right
it's on one side it is like this look
how nice it isn't that blue matches the
blue on the bottom of my shoes then the
other side is like that how sick is that
I absolutely love it I just one is so
cool and it's got like matte black right
into it I don't know I just love it so
much there is a snowboarding place in
Hemel Hempstead or hem or Hampstead
something like that which is near
Hampstead Airport Hampsten Airport is
that the one hand pants and why can't I
speak anyways it's near that Airport in
London and I think the boy is like the
YouTube boyband are gonna start going
snowboarding there like once a month or
something like that I think you'll
recall it's like an indoor snowboarding
place with like parks and the evening is
in that snowboarding park so it jumps
and rails and stuff like that so now
I've got my board I've got my gear got
my helmet got everything I can start so
I'm trying to put it all together with
one hand I can start then snowboard it
right anyways I just ordered a taxi so
I'm gonna be heading into town any
minute now so I'll catch you in town
look at these lovely flowers flowers
flowers just make you feel good that
night
twenty-seven pound fifty bunch okay then
one two forty three two one
yeah don't worry about that right okay
mr. JJ in town it is very sunny or
though we're on the shady side of the
road we are now in the flower pot you
chuff with your order you've never been
here before have you this is the place
you've never had I'tikaf you're the
coffee man I know this refreshing that's
what you need off your run get out as
well hot chocolate I got and I got this
we're now doing some shopping
finished up lunch that was delicious I
got this jacket the other day I'm
guessing you guys would see it I've
taken my turn trillion pictures in it
but I kind of want it in black and they
had even black the other day I don't
know where it's gone is that it down
here is that the same one
no that's indigo mane
where's the black version I don't know
come on Trey get that on get that one
gonna go to Hawaii
we're going on holiday right you know
saying it's hard when you're wearing
sport shorts too he was a skater but she
said see you later boy she changes put a
new hat I like it right I like it
I know we've been talking beanies I
don't if I told you guys this morning
I've got to get my hair cut on Friday
I'm getting this cut off and I'm going
to go back short I've decided
because all I ever do at the moment it's
just fight it back and for me to grow it
the length that I want it it's gonna
take that six months or something so
it's gonna go we're gonna go back to
heart Eustis you ever done my gaming
channel I did a pack opening with some
of these then if you guys saw it it got
quite a few views so I'm guessing quite
a lot of you did see it but now Jays
just pointed out these I'm carly shay
you need to do a pack and fit in with
some you need to I would I just open
them but that's what I want to do I
don't even know what's inside them but
that's what I'm saying you get some
stickers and you get colleagues to vote
by some revoked your pack opening video
yeah who gets better see of course I'm
gonna get that card this is why
shouldn't come into these toy shops I'm
buying an inflatable goal for our garden
and now one of these black balls do I go
for princess like a frozen or do I go
Peppa Pig
I wish there had been two aw what's this
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I'm
thinking Peppa Pig I think it has to be
Peppa Pig doesn't
whoa baby climbing into me
Oh
back home and it is time to blow this up
knowledge going crazy edit but she is
nother mama
hello come never come I know how to get
her downstairs you ready for this what
she seems having this give me a couple
of seconds give it a couple of seconds
okay baby gig yeah yeah all right let's
got my daddy's goal we just popped to
the pet shop now I've got some more food
for her but they sold ice cream for dogs
in there as well what flavor is this and
we went this is free strawberry and
apple let's go quickly my cameras
flashing me let's let her try it
Nala gets incredibly hot as well because
she's a bug let's see if she likes and
what quickly I have got no battery on
this camera at always already ran out
once today we are off to whack them on
this you excited it's gonna run it any
second so I'm not probably gonna go to
film the mill but really really excited
I'm gonna quickly jump this bin
so my camera died earlier guys but we
had a delicious meal that's going to a
delicious date night now it doesn't make
sense Red Delicious male and a date
night at the same time just got back now
and I started editing the video after
and if I told you we just show a new
video tonight there's going at the same
time as this if you're watching this my
new video is up on my main channel which
I am so so excited for filmed it with
Zoe and we did the dressing up challenge
or the dress up tongue so the primer
spray we did it was hilarious so go
check it out and you believe down below
you guys can go check it out go comment
saying Zoe is a sexy snowboarder
therefore then you'll get it once you
watch it as well give the video a thumbs
up as well yeah that is it for tonight
sorry that my camera ran out charge so I
didn't get to rock the date night and I
didn't get to vlog afterwards but we
didn't really do much
I made a bath and then I saw Denton so
I'll catch you tomorrow thank you so
much for watching today if you enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
to morrow don't want to do with my
finger good night and for those of you
that are still bright and into this
video don't tell anybody but new merch
is coming this Sunday
