good morning guys this is the earliest
my vlogs have started how you doing
feeling really really good today the
boys are off for Jim Chapman stag do so
I'm not going to name everyone who's
going so I know knowing me I'll probably
miss someone out and there's like nine
of us but right now at the airport I am
meeting and they've just got it so now I
just spoke to them on the phone
Marcus Joe and Jim and then Casper has
come in like it's later today on another
flight I believe but yeah well it's a
little bit chilly got all my stuff here
the thing with snowboarding is that you
have to pack so much like big clothing
but just restr just my snowboarding
trousers and jacket take up like a whole
suitcase is redic and my boot as well
hello mate I've got so much camera
equipment with me it is unbelievable and
then I've also got all of this all
checked in just bought some new
sunglasses
Marcus customers oh he's very happy with
them Casper is also here even though I
thought he wasn't going to be now
thought you're on another flight bro and
then Jim and Joe are they getting food
are they sitting down we've got half an
hour until we have to be at the gate
but we'll hungry just stolen Casper
suitcase see if our food as well
hi mate hello Jim's just flicking
through the easy-chair magazine video
without saying so that's cool
literally double my high school
oh yeah
Joe we still in there late mate
just got to the chalet now Twain mark
get up there get up there boy oh is this
our room yeah this is my new Marx's this
is our edit suite this is all you
I'm a bit worried about this sleeping no
this is savage up there this is the best
spot this is a bit yes then do some
morning pull-ups on that all you said
about this then bit scared that flight
was so good it was like the quickest
shortest easiest thing in the world and
then we just got a car here now marks is
tested everything can hold is through
the weight of his muscles yeah of course
you can
on this guy gone mark and down here
we've also got a lovely little bathroom
okay shower
we've been up there Dom double bed yeah
don't know
yes we're now getting all ready to go
out ahead to the slopes this just what I
am wearing got my helmet here as well
goggles and everything in my bag you
guys ready is this your robe this is
where all the cool stuff happens yeah
round all going to the little town now
you don't know got with the trees and
everything
and we're just gonna rent some boards I
need to get board bindings and I need to
buy some gloves and I've got everything
else got helmet wrist guards finally all
of us have got this is my for the next
few days
yeah yeah we found the snow oh look all
Joe's new equipment how happy is he I'm
sure I'm Kelly Slater Shaun Palmer Shaun
White we're gonna jump in the lift now
we're gonna go up so I'm gonna start
using this come we're gonna go up and
I'm gonna go
I literally filmed like none of that it
was so so the were like a foggy cloudy
could really see we did two blue runs to
start with and then we split into two
groups and some of us stayed on blue and
then a group of us me and Marcus and we
went oh my gosh in Soho which went on
the bread that was literally ten minutes
long my feet hurt so much maybe I bought
the wrong size boots or something the
chocolate bars still got off might be
enough to put the drink heading back up
right the entire way back I fell asleep
cause rich and I was like that modern
person in the car the entire way back
I am absolutely shattered no no I need
some food first I want some cheesy chips
or something the real men do in shock we
completely don't leave me
old cash was done it
caspere's getting instagrams
that's how you take there that's how you
taking a cash for Instagram look at that
punch people be up there that's more
beautiful than zoella regard you I've
just got back now after having a couple
of drinks and the food looks amazing
they ever got hot tub outside the den if
I told you all let me show you how good
this is in the floor it is time to get
in the hot tub I think most of the other
boys are in there marketers is uploading
a new video what's about to go down
tell them this is going up the day after
I'm so nervous
on in speed go on tell them I'm the
father to you to be to be bringing out a
book basically mugs is bringing out a
book and tell them a little bit about it
okay so it's basically like wait that's
sick okay when I was growing up I wanted
all oh and voice all the questions that
I was asking like how when you're going
through if you go for a family divorce
if you go through family illness
bullying if you're going through
relationships right that's really deep
that's not so deep so it's like stuff
like that class a health element like
health and my stuff like lifestyle
advice and lifestyle yeah and fun bits
from YouTube stuff so that is available
now for pre-order I'll try and leave a
link down below you guys know I'm the
worst person in the entire world and
we've got rubbish internet here I'm
uploading a new video at the moment here
it looks like I'm not but I am it's
there it's uploading right now and yes I
am
and it's hot spot in my phones it's
using my phone internet so it is time
now got my GoPro to go and get in the is
it Jacuzzi or hot tub is there a
difference yeah what's the difference
what's the difference a hot tub is a hot
tub
no bubbly built in to the ground I think
I'm gonna go and get in that water
pulsing out right now you coming come in
okay I just walked out change your plan
dinner's ready
so everyone's getting out the hot tub
I'm going to put on some socks and a
t-shirt back on and we're ready to eat
how is it going
then of what they're talking about
rinsing me there rinsing me for eating
well my main course has arrived looks
delicious look amazing Jerri oh how are
you thought it was happy Casper anyway
your night diet or something bad guys
not only as Marcus got nothing air cut
but he just met a bloomin joke decade
incredible
Eileen twenty just muscle ups the night
no you didn't teach we can't do much I
think I taught you both that if you guys
saw this as my biceps probably realized
I taught you guys back Adie leg UPS man
hi guys again or ducked up into bed and
I'm gonna edit this vlog right after I'd
speak in this segment because I'm gonna
upload it overnight because the internet
hit isn't very good
Marcus hey wait she was up there hi guys
I've enjoyed today I didn't get look how
big my forehead looks after five films
and better snow but if there's more
give the video thumbs up if you enjoyed
it good night
