good morning guys how you doing today
yeah it is like what's the time so 1/2
past time yes I've had such a lion I set
the line for 20 bucks day I think I
think I slept for like knowing and half
hours last night which is long and we
just went on Twitter now Zoe and I in
bed and everyone was like guys you're on
ITV this morning in a couple of minutes
what we're not I'm in bed so we're just
watching it now the talking has been
made into works were immortalized no I'm
still mortal still here as well but then
they're doing a segment on this morning
I was on this morning like a couple of
days they're gonna kill us to pass into
the museum oh I mean it's there forever
that freaks me out
does it not that we're in the attraction
forever because that won't happen well
get melted down at one point you know
they don't make you down they save you
in an arc I mean you can have it when
you're older I asked imagine that how
crazy is that that we wake up in bed
look at Twitter
and then we realize that we've got a
segment on this morning we didn't even
know about YouTube is just crazy
well I have to say I'm actually a huge
fan versus well I because she's amazing
her bear thing is just compelling she's
just a natural and surfeit they are
really really they have 12 million
followers on YouTube a huge following
and rightly so managed to census
recognize this is moralizing them in wax
they've been doing fittings and choosing
the right hair color and it's going to
be coming out later this year it's
interesting because
really does show some step forward to to
recognize now you chamber soup
most people yeah I've got kids you have
no clue what's going on
well exactly I mean reality TV is coming
into such a strong way into the pop
culture that you really if you're gonna
keep changing and be relevant you have
to acknowledge it and these two are
great way to start
imagine that kids don't go on about kids
demanda yeah they didn't even invite us
on to do it like they just did it
without I think that's even cooler yeah
sorry is obsessed with Phillip Schofield
people go back on my Twitter back to
2009 even then no even before and I mean
after that used to always say that you
know they get off of that week she keeps
on bringing in twinks guys still now
that to excite toy is there twigs I'm
just having the most delicious breakfast
ever
it looks so amazing weet-bix I've just
popped into some vide the dentist I went
and picked up my last set of Invisalign
like my last ever one so that I can send
them
yeah of course you can so I'm saying I
had my last Invisalign said just give me
today they are here so I can see exactly
how straight my teeth are going to look
but the reason I got them is because I'm
going to send them to Madame Tussauds so
that my wax figure has a straight teeth
because hopefully by the time I wax
figure comes out my teeth won't look
like this anymore they're gonna be
straight so all my new teeth on the
finger to have my new teeth I'm gonna
happen anyways I'm now after town to get
some last-minute bits because I go
snowboarding tomorrow morning think I
have to be at the airport at half-past
four was I mean stupid so stupid like so
late tonight so I'm just gonna get a new
bag get some money out or you get money
for some there I was going to get money
for today and then also I'm gonna get
more surprise
I just tried to get a load of stuff from
All Saints typical may just I don't need
any of this up or just shopping for the
sake of it and their tills
had a power cut earlier so all their
tables are down and they can't even take
cash or anything so can just go into the
cash grin now and they've said because
the manager used to managers and prints
my sister or something so they can write
down all the things that I buy take my
cash and then sort out as soon as
they're finished which is really really
nice of them out for the things that I
just picked this is just proof that I
shouldn't be shopping and I should just
be sticking to outfit to do today I'm
back home now guys and we've got the
outside speakers on we had a nice day
and I got my washing here now I'm doing
ready to go snowboarding cleaning up my
new boxers wait not no just cleaning out
my boxers oh they all dry already nearly
Marla's having a little play moved our
little thing do you like it over here
sorry look so nice
no let's you like it do you like it
no no just loves the Sun don't you baby
you get very hot but you enjoy it so
Zoey bought this chiminea the other day
nice head shape it looks like you've got
one of those party hats on you strap
around your chair but she bought this to
everyday so we're currently sitting in
the garden just putting it all together
screwing it in got all the pieces all
around here
she is so small I thought cabling this
new toy that one of you guys sent me
actually and she's knocking it and
knocking the cable out of the little
hole in there just cooking up some din
dins we've got cheesy mash plain mash a
big old chicken pie why not thanks 36
minutes to cook and then we're gonna
cook up some vegetables as well so it's
very important to pack your vegetables
until they pop there we go it's alright
sorry
it's alright zoella there we go there we
go alright guys I'm just gonna end my
vlog quite quickly don't even know how
much I film today but I hope you enjoyed
it nevertheless also I should just point
out because it's just happened a couple
of hours ago the introduction to
yesterday's video everyone has been
going crazy about like loving it it was
a joke like a complete joke so you know
the Saucony joel is you guys or never
they are if you don't you need to check
them out
the sakuni Jolie's basically their
introduction is exactly what i bought
yesterday but with them and their family
and means i really really good friends
with them so as a joke i got somebody to
remake that intro but just with me and
drawings of me and little like bits of
text to do with me rather than to do of
them it was a complete joke guides and
the reaction has been hilarious like so
many people are tweeting jonathan and
anna people have been tweeting jonathan
anna anna Jonathas we'd say Jonathan and
Anna Anna man Jonathan saying guys
you've copied out peas into are like
completely taken the mixing that they
copied me but yes if you want to check
out the guy that did it and help me do
that I'll leave a link to his Twitter
energy to Diablo he's awesome animation
but that's just never thank you to him
for making it so quickly turned it
around in that one evening I just get
basically Anna introduced a daily vlog
the other day on their channel by going
good morning like I do kind of thing so
I thought okay I'm gonna steal her intro
so I just got him to remake it anyways
and after that enough of that
I've got to be up in it's 24/7 now I've
got to leave the house at 4 a.m. because
I'm going to snowboarding 4 a.m. I'm
meeting Jim Marcus and Joe at the
airport 4:30 so I've got to leave her
for so I've got four and a half hours
sleep until I leave I've got that four
hours sleep
I've laid you've got four hours sleep
jeez
okay thank you so much watching again I
love you so much I'll see you in
probably like four or five hours good if
you're excited for my daily vlogs when
I'm snowboard and give the video a
thumbs up I just bought a new lens new
GoPro new like over handles Zoe then
hurry up she needs away good night
