good morning guys how you doing today
I'm feeling good it's currently ten
minutes past 9:00 and I've already got
my breakfast I got some super healthy
stuff that my sister bought and then
I've also got strawberries I've also got
bananas and it's 10 past 9:00 and I'm
awake and I'm feeling good I've got to
waiting for my lens today so I can't
leave too much but I made a list last
night of jobs that I need to do and some
of them include leaving the house so
it's gonna be a race because I'm waiting
for to watch and wait for my debit card
something yeah my debit cards to arrive
because you know I lost my wallet so
ordered new ones I think they come in
either today or tomorrow hopefully today
it is time to go for a jog all right
guys I'm all up and ready to go all not
so ready my floors are undone lucky I
realized Paula's having a little sleep
in the Sun once I go out good bye baby
have a nice little nap oh my gosh you're
so hot don't stay here don't stay in the
Sun too long
have I ever shown you that Zoe and I
have a little shed like this as I said
it's got lots of things in it from when
we moved both the flats into one house
so this that I bought who remembers this
my chairs from my dining table my
skateboards my table my table computer
case thing whatever you buy it in
Christmas decorations stuff my bike I
bought this boy can have only ever used
it twice since and Zoe's bike I got this
one for her birthday we want to go on
these so bad again so I think I don't
know I was gonna say this weekend but
I'm away snowboarding this weekend so
very very soon once I get back because
it's lovely weather now also my hair I
just got it back in the way out my face
it's lovely weather now so I want to get
these out again
goodbye bikes goodbye skateboard I'll
hopefully see you soon guys remind me in
the comments and tweet me with the time
zone go on a bike ride go skateboarding
go in your Ferrari guys I got a Ferrari
I wish oh my gosh is still such a
beautiful day I don't know when I last
blogged I've had lunch with my mum
we just went to little deli I think
that's the last of my film went to a
little deli and got lunch and that's it
back here Milo's been relaxing in the
Sun look at this little thing we put on
her well I just put it on her now you
having a nice day baby yes mummy out
were having lunch we have a friend yes
yes she is yes she is now let's just
been chilling in the garden all day and
sunbathing
and bringing in twigs how do I make some
thought people out there watching this
I'm sure some of you have dogs how do I
train Nala not to bring in sticks she
goes out in the garden brings and sticks
and then chews them up into tiny little
pots and just leaves them everywhere
over the carpet I don't know how to
teach her not to bring in sticks
especially when I'm just sitting here
relaxing on my laptop also I got an a
sauce delivery
they I got this hat let me know if you
like it got this hat let me know if you
like it and then I've got some jeans
over there which I just put next to my
jeans that are drying at the moment all
actually dried that put Matt there
yesterday anyways I'm gonna go and try
and get these parcels now is it weird if
I go in a vest and shorts that bit too
keen it's not that hot is it guys my new
lens was there and I got that I'm so
excited for this lens it is insane I was
speaking to Ben Brown you guys know Ben
Brown for ages the other day a DM and
each other on Twitter about this lens
cuz he has it and I really really wanted
it so can you bring that knife back over
Oh what is this no that's a filter for
it so goes over the top so I can't
scratch ponta lens and it makes the
color nicer oh it does doesn't that I
hope it's not moldy why does it smell
like that is like a big money this is
not a lens is it someone someone someone
stitch me up quickly get it our don't my
lens to be smelly forever yeah what is
this problem by the way oh oh no it's
not this big Oh
Hey look at that guy heavy it is yeah of
course you jealous are you laughing now
you're laughing fucking take your blood
pictures on that and they'll be amazing
all right everyone remember I'll let you
know it's so heavy take your bitches
don't get the lens dirty but look at
this see that there that's where it goes
onto a tripod
yeah because it's heavier yeah who's
forward I'm so excited
no he's gonna vlog you have box
subscription box service dang this one
that I subscribed to you I've subscribed
to too so I can pick my favorite one is
called wolf box a with oh you know I
actually I pay for this myself you know
how I like a subscription it's called
wood box not move box and it says
delivering happiness to dogs everywhere
so I've just opened it so this is what I
can see first thing we've got here is
couch and mat naturally powered pet
health puppy development mini bone
treats cute includes chicken linseed and
chicory
Nullah look come here should we look at
this together
she's got her little bandana on the Anna
got her look pet salami that looks nice
100% real meat gluten free no artificial
flavoring oh my goodness I really like
natural healthy stuff for Nala because
she's a pug as many of you know bugs can
get over weight quite easily so it's
something that we're very particular
about pet munchies we already know you
like this brand because you have the
Oliver oh my goodness that way
so this is
chicken strip beef liver by 100% air
dried British B oh my god
Alfie this one's really nice it's all
like natural stuff for paws only made in
Britain new flavour 100% air dried
British beef liver treats you like liver
basically that's what we give her for
her treat time or she can smell it and
what's in here what's this good life yes
his knowledge lens oh my goodness how
good is that pet water bottle we always
take one of Alfie's old bottles with us
smooth stainless steel rollerball
releases water feel pet she could drink
her out of the thing Alf you twist the
top up and there's a rollerball like
remember there's a rollerball which you
can drink out of there perfect
we see which one Nala likes the most
which one do you want to try the most
I'm gonna open all the bags and we'll
see which one she goes which one do you
want Nala let's put let's put this one
out and this one out and one of these
let's see which one she goes for which
ones you want oh oh she's gone for the
pepperoni before um even Luca huh she's
happy with that is that nice is that
naive
I am so chuffed with my new lens not
tough with my hair look at it look at my
hair
nunley's loving these little treats
alright we are off to the beach I know
we're not off to mums first we've just
got two outs and stuff with mum and then
I'm taking my new camera I mean it's
definitely quite small isn't it and then
we're off to see Beach
we just got to the park now where we
have bath and mamas are just over there
all she cares about is getting these
treats off I'm sorry look look at all
right guys I've dropped her lead we left
a long one so we can grab it if we need
to but I want to see what she would be
like if she wasn't after all restricted
I'm gonna keep on giving her lots of
treats come on
NOLA come here good girl she's doing
good look how long her leaders coming in
another good girl oh there's another dog
over there let's see what she does
worst comes to worst we can grab the
lead good girl Nala guys I'm worried
there's a big dog over there no like no
like um no like um
or my heart just then which is where
that dog
this right look dogs over there as well
she's doing good
coming them now let me say come come
come let's go kick kick go see mommy
we might not be that far off having no
lead in the park you know
come here buzz come here boy oh that's
lovely
I didn't have a treat so she runs
straight back it's because I didn't have
a treat she runs to my mum's got the
treats back home now and I just showed
mum my new lens this one here that you
guys have seen and she just said okay I
don't actually have any photos of you in
the house where you look like you do now
but this is photo poppy which is really
really old probably like six years old
maybe more and look at this photo of me
that she has on the mantelpiece I'm
literally like 12 years old or something
like my job is photos and videos yet the
most recent bitch my mom and dad have in
their house of me I'm like 12 years old
I'm such a bad son I need to send her
some pictures
all about the double caramel just got
back home how are you doing are y'all in
cozy clothes get your present while I
was out you excited yeah how excited
it's not excited pepper smell it is it
from the pier yeah should I say they're
off the pizza maybe enjoying that baby
you enjoying your tummy rub
yeah oh you're so cute all right guys
I'm kind of not tucked up into bed I'm
laying on the bed because it is way too
hot in this room I think it's because
I've been on my laptop for a while Zuri
is watching someone she's asleep now but
she was watching some program I don't
even know what it's called it's like
kind of like some wonderland bits and
things and then real life is what I
don't even know Connor but it's cool
anyways if you enjoyed today's video
then give this video a thumbs up just go
down below there thumbs up on subscribe
if you're new around here I hope you
enjoy my videos I make daily vlogs on
this channel if you didn't know I have
another channel which is a main YouTube
channel it's so so so close to 4 million
subscribers so if you're not subscribed
to my main youtube channel then go down
below and leave a link you can guys
subscribe check out my gaming videos as
well go follow me on Instagram Twitter
everything a little bit of self promo
cuz I don't know if you guys know about
all the rest of the stuff I do as well
anyways thank you so much for the
support I love you so much and I'll
catch you tomorrow good night
