good morning guys today so you know oh
to take my jacket London Howard director
we got Nala with us today Nellie he
expected mrs. first time she's ever done
in London she's super excited I think
she's going to enjoy the trainee night
you think she'll just fall asleep on the
train
and then she's going good rodeo time
it's so so exciting today I'm not going
to tell you what until we get there but
it's going to blow your mind
where are we doing it was good I can't
like it
no I've been she's excited well she's
all ready for window-seat bag tons of
 happening in the car just by the
London Eye now wait you can't see it
there he is there he is this is where
Zoe queued up three hours to meet me
guys something the city one yeah he did
and poverty an hour's route we've nada
and we are off to do the exciting thing
yeah thank you just got to the venue now
we've got one smaller room here and
we'll set enough a little station for
nada
what the hell is that little crocodile
someone else would love that I'm not
going to say his name because somebody
will get excited no don't say his name
and then look at this view outside look
at that guy's let there's big bed
literally just there that's so she ate
and then the London Eye is just there
this is sick and then through there is
everything that you guys are waiting to
find out what we're doing through there
guys this is just a little insert
although it's not the same day I just
want to explain something before we walk
into the room and I show you what is
about to happen
I just want to say thank you so much for
making crazy things like this possible
like I don't even like I didn't even
ever think that something like this
would even be possible or would ever
even happen I didn't else it's never
been like an aim or this stuff from
YouTube has just got crazy it started
and it will always be just me making
little YouTube videos but sometimes
things happen that are just the next
door neighbor's listening to this way
the neighbors got this on so loud I just
want to say thank you so much I know you
don't know what's happened yet but once
you see what's about to but unveiling
your is that word unveil I'm reveal
reveal whatever unveil once you see what
is read unveil in front of your eyes
just note that me and Zoe Zoe and I are
both in disbelief like we don't
understand how things that this happens
so we just want to say thank you so much
making opportunities like this possible
right enjoy the video enjoy what's that
happen and then for one last time thank
you so much okay guys big reveal time
through this door is what is happening
yeah
I won't be doing now guys we're picking
our eyeballs yes just for photos so a
hair color match yeah yeah
you look you look like a genie or
something I'm like a floating so funny
just to stop the video for one second
I've just realized you're watching it
this foreign and I haven't told you
always happenin basically we are getting
wax figures made of us and put in to
London's Madame Tussauds carry on
watching you
my biceps as well I'm just gonna enjoy
okay I think what we use it for listen
now we have to put on these things
called Gray's which is basically whether
you use it to sculpt the shape of your
body now I think I look a bit too good
in my grades and look at Nolan proper
analysis asleep it's a little sheep yet
this is embarrassing
there's so many people in there Zoe's
having her teeth molded
great
so just been a shooting hotness got
little dots on me as I was getting ready
to go doing what if this has made me
maybe realize that I've different color
eyes look at this if it ever focuses
come on there we go there's one make a
dot and then look unlike that is so
crazy so weird much time guys it's 20
chicken nuggets and chips damn he's
off and oh yeah ketchup thank you so
much
thank you
just having all my face measured up I've
taken pictures off to get everything in
proportion then what I'm doing over here
having fun is it going get yeah you look
good hey I like your dance oh my god
thanks do you like my hair for that yeah
good
just let the anti mullet get up I've got
the hiccups yeah really bad I'm like you
haven't a nice drink maybe you could go
we are all done that was so awesome
that's so so crazy
that's like well do cow baby
how is your they started off a bit more
believe yes Zoe got I don't if I told
you so he got really really anxious and
we nearly didn't make it here we were on
the train an idiot bat Nigel's
unfortunate so crazy but I still I don't
if I told you but the reason why we've
been offered this opportunities because
once you go to Madame Tussauds as you
leave you fill out forms and who wish
was there
and for some reason Zoe and I were the
most voted people last year to be put
into Madame Tussauds how crazy is that
they're open six living this year six
direction yes I said just so many people
voted for me and Zoe as they did one
direction how how is that thing just
blows our mind the power of even
watching this now it's just crazy
yeah treatment nap
and we have at home after the most
craziest weirdest strangest amazing us
all that we couldn't got my bag need my
laptop in there just got back made
myself a banana raspberry and strawberry
smoothie and I also added some acai
berry juice to make it extra delicious
and healthy I am in such a good mood how
crazy was that sorry so so cool I still
can't believe that like I don't if we
ran out just say yeah I mean I'd say
when they're in there Zoe
we don't know what we're like so we
don't know what we're not allowed to say
we need to speak to the people to find
out more info but it's just crazy
it's just crazy and it's all down to you
guys voting us to be there I literally
it's as simple as that like the
opportunity I'm tidying wallstr√∂m going
now the opportunity wouldn't be here for
us to be in Madame Tussauds in London by
the way in the London one if all of you
guys didn't tell them that you wanted
that it's just insane so I'm currently
laying in bed all tucked up but I
haven't had dinner yet and the time is
let me check Oh ten o'clock three
minutes to 10:00 in the evening and I've
just been texting che and me and Joe
gonna go for dinner so I need to jump
back up add a bed and go get some food
let's go we tried to go to Jaime's
thought it close at 11:00 but it closes
at 10:00
dammit we're gonna try moshimo now which
is sushi you've never had sushi web you
bro ah it's not going to be open gone
Jay take your Instagram I don't try one
of these why do you like warfare let's
go raw fish is not gonna be bad that's
wrong yeah we're
No eat that guy cheesy dip it dip it in
there what I can't use chopsticks what
is going on be serious
yeah go to that yeah who is that
now take a bite it's good I do you like
fish mm-hmm oh that's all good then oh
my god Dante have that nice thing
Charlie's gonna have some of this guys
okay I'll tell you after like you saw me
on ice know is it really hot no
I think is I just feel rasathi what
about mains have arrived I say all of
them I mean two of them and we're just
absolutely smashing it is this a good
shout okay is taking more instagrams
Instagram life never stops okay notice
he good yeah it's really good this is
like good right the so tasty and his
weeks I'm walked into my friends I work
 I didn't know so he just saw us out
I was like because awkward you guys won
okay I don't know what's good this
chicken it's a hint of shout it up all
of these males and stuff and they get so
jasmine and now if I get home and just
in bed with this little one I've been a
little puddle oh she's just looking a
little pause hey good sleep guys it is 2
a.m. and I've just finished playing some
card games and having a couple of drinks
to my friends well they're not too much
only had one beer and one glass of wine
not too much drinking for me thank you
so much watching today I still can't
even begin to fathom what happened today
I haven't fully processed it it's just
insane so thank you so much for making
cool stuff like that happen I will
update you more info on it and tell you
more things about it as soon as I know
them all I know is that soon we are
going back to see your head sculptures
and I'm also gonna do our hand
measurements and stuff like that and our
signatures and things if you're excited
about the Madame Tussauds sculpture then
give the video a thumbs up and I will
see you tomorrow good night
