good morning how you doing it is
currently 7:30 a.m. on Sunday it's
Monday for you start of the week fresh
brand the opportunity to make something
happen to make sure you're using this
week - absolutely smash and drive
towards your goals just take an olive
out for a little walk
it's so lovely it's like 7:30 a.m. on a
Sunday so even made me a little coffee
having a good time having a fun time is
it too early it's not very cold is
actually it's really not very cold you
getting tired now you can tell because
the lead is so slack much last the last
thing she wants to do is pull she's
trying to keep up with you my home
Noelle is gonna be so happy she's lit
just gonna sleep all day now are you
ready
you're packed pretty much I'm all packed
and I'm ready all I need to do is go to
my office and get my drone over the last
couple of days in these vlogs I've been
telling you that we're going somewhere
super exciting today and we are we're
setting off in about ways wrong with
that time that time used to be writing
artists at half past three it is not
half past three it's also not the Friday
the third of January
it's called past 12:00 and we all agreed
that we would leave a half past which
I'm doubting it's gonna happen because
Sean I hope we aren't even here yeah
mom and dad going separately in their
car when my keys lost my keys now to my
office you would have seen in the vlogs
that we go to this place called shootin
Glenn which has crazy tree houses and
each tree house can sleep either two
people or one of them even sleeps four
people so often when we all go together
as a family me Zooey poppy and Sean will
share one a mom and dad will share the
other one and we have two treehouses
between us we're friendly with the guys
who work there and they always look
after us very well
they emailed us the other day to let us
know that there was a new treehouse
opening soon that sleeps eight people I
believe I think eight is either six or
eight it sleeps enough to have all of
the family together in one treehouse
it's not even available to the public
yet nobody can book a room we are the
first people ever to stay in this
treehouse
nobody has ever ever stayed there
overnight before but the very first
people I feel honored to be the first
people to ever sleep there I don't even
know what looks like I've no idea I know
that the other ones have like hot tubs
and the comfiest bed to the most amazing
bathrooms ever like I have no idea what
to expect for this one all I know is
that it's going to be sick
because everything they do there is so
unbelievable I'm just something why need
to bring wanna bring my drone spare
batteries vlogging camera charger that
would help that would definitely help is
it two nights three nights Sunday night
Monday night and I'm really one Tuesday
two nights as I said we're going so
early
nobody has stayed in there before that
it was meant to be ready today for
tonight but they've had to delay it till
tomorrow so tonight we're staying at you
two again still but we're staying at
like a different cool room that they've
sorted for us I don't know what it is
and then tomorrow we're staying in the
tree house that lock is going to be nuts
like the biggest tree house tour there's
probably multiple hot tubs I don't even
know I have no idea let's get going
we were just about to leave now and then
I realized that the gyms going to get
worked on this week whilst we're away
for a couple of days and the figure of
oh it's kind of parked in the garage so
I need to I need to move the car so that
they can they can carry on working on
the gym
we are two hours into the journey quite
a lot of oh what's happening here quite
a lot of traffic just super busy the
roads today obviously as you've seen
we've got an idler with us
so it's just taking that for a little
walk whilst me probably in Sean pop
inside and grab some snacks some nibbles
we've got about 52 minutes left of the
journey I love how I say about an L say
52 minutes not just 50 I kind of got a
bit carried away with the snacks this is
literally just for me and Zoe this is
what I'm talking about these
I get four of these we got so much food
look at this this is for an hour left in
I mean we cannot eat it in the hotel
later on but that's what I'm saying Oh
cute this is just take them a little
doggie out for a walk and then you're
going to explore we've just checked into
our rooms
all of our luggage is out of the car and
into the rooms and everything I'll give
you guys a little tour and a bet not as
being a little bit fidgety so I'm taking
them out for a little walk to tire out
and hopefully get to do a poo always you
do what good girl but 20 seconds ago in
this vlog I said John's going to give
you a tour of our hotel room but we're
just going out now hoping out for dinner
so I can't say no room yeah the dogs are
upstairs they're about to fall asleep
hello hi there amazing is that a
reception see in a second they're ready
with a golf cart to take us to the
restaurant I'll show you the hotel room
later on guys
both the dogs are literally about to
fall asleep any second
hey come on we've got this cars running
our charge okay they're gonna think
we're jokin he goes in the car behind
I spy anyone on the level networker
you're still so you get Hey look up to
those dead that's a fairly tense
chemical that's mass everything job big
thank you thank you
so they've got a restaurant heck with
the kitchen which is basically all of
this bit here and then they have a
cookery school bar here which is where
we are now
oh sorry just having a couple of drinks
and they normally have like cooking
lessons that you can pay for and come
and learn how to cook certain dishes so
these are these are young masters so
these come from Devon very light cooking
so you just want the outside just at
this note apparently one in nine of
these is really hot but eight and nine
are just normal
oran I've got this routine on another
ferry I mean asked that's the dust a
real key tourist sort of tacklers he
fits me do it it's all done with
fantastic words ingredients buy a nice
beauty quick from the service to go
after the breadcrumb yeah
listen if you cook rice it's just really
overcooked bits down to puree and then I
just take stock brown bread add that to
it dry out saying thank you cream that's
not it looks so good what we just asked
if tiger prawns have four legs like a
tiger yeah she said how they stripy kind
of forgot to film all the starters so
just thought I'd show you the leftovers
I don't know I'm showing you the
leftovers what a steak for dinner with
courgette fries the size of this frog
there's a big old boy hello mate oh go
jump back in the little lake I'm having
to like myself up blind myself we've
currently just finished dinner
the girls have jumped in the golf cart
going back and we're walking back
because I'm trying to make my stomach
feel good I'm eating so much I feel like
I'm going to explode
it's literally pitch black like actually
pitch black but didn't have this yeah
it's quarter past seven and it's pitch
black guys
that is crazy oh I don't like that also
how does it only quarter past seven when
we finish dinner you're early
we just sat down to play drama Cup I'm
still gonna give you that tour though
you worry we just have to go back to
office album yet so how are the
instructions no boy a German version of
the game
Oh jealous you want to cheat that's fine
we'll send him down into bed
tomorrow just come back to our room now
even the games are you mayn't guys it's
9 o'clock it's 9 o'clock
go ahead latitude I'm too tired let me
give you this tour that I've been
promising you in the vlog so you've come
through the hotel room you get agreed to
buy a little piggy you get this free in
the run come in here you get a bathroom
or a door turn the lights on in here you
get a big old mirror the bath toilet you
get another pug waiting here awesome
storage oh and another plug on the Beggs
just so big like so big I don't like if
I lay down but I don't even take up like
a third of it if I lay across it like
this is literally the tip of my garne
across
that's insane so far chair little garden
area outside Terrace look what they got
as well they got little net dog beds for
us and everything in bowls but it's like
double layers got two layers you guys
might remember these hotel rooms because
this is the same hotel room
not the exact same one but actually like
two along from when I did there
sucked in a bed and Joe was really drunk
a party once and that was up here and
this is our bed we have another little
like Tara C balcony bit big old chair
Molly's little bed for when we're going
out like tonight for dinner we pop her
in there it's got cute little tiny
little kids a little bit in here it's
got the toilet and then in here massive
massive massive bathroom with a Henchy
boy bath and a double shower like one
each side so two people per shower at
the same time as if that's even a thing
and of course the TV in the bath just
just the standard team in the buff you
know well everyone has who doesn't have
a TV in there but let me film this pop
mum said that we should ring her mum
said that we should bring go and then
just open the door and then he'll run
down down the corner by himself you will
yeah are you ready for your boy okay
don't go down with him let him just find
this way oh oh no bloomin heck where's
my dog go in no no
Lala come here come here come here you
know a dog you can't do that that's so
naughty
someone came out of their room and just
saw a dog running around it's Carly
half-past nine and we tucked up on no
the lights doing that annoying strobe II
thing because we got over bloom in 7:30
this morning to go for a walk on a
Sunday that is why you're I look not
good I'm gonna in the vlog now tomorrow
it's gonna be super exciting in the
massive tree house if you enjoyed
today's vlog excited tomorrow's vlog
give it a thumbs up subscribe down below
if you know already linked down below to
my merchandise if you want to go check
it out if you want to buy some
eye-catching the morning good night guys
