good morning guys was having a steep
little car do it this one oh look who's
that no no no no who's it
she's so cute
who is that she's just looking at you so
he's just laying in bed you're editing
your yeah you're editing your on to your
second also got my hair tie back whoa
what's happening to my voice it's really
annoying me don't I'd never wear like
this little like penis on my head
but I'm really annoying me my hair it's
getting too long but I want even longer
anyways as I said to vlogs today in bed
I've literally woken up and that's it
and tweeted she feel productive given
her breakfast do you have breakfast
not really no no no I bought some
tropical juice yeah baby yeah I'm when I
go and bro I kind of want a good
breakfast you want to cook a breakfast
how come we can go out for breakfast
Madison you're still running it yeah
exactly what the roads are closed
good luck exactly why don't we get a
taxi to Bill's for breakfast we've got
so much to do today
oh I got big lying guys today I woke up
at 11 o'clock that's the latest I've
woken up since oh yeah I've been awake
since 11:00 Missy what are you doing
Stephanie a little pause so we don't
know what we're gonna do for food
all I know is that I'm hungry and it's
12 o'clock right we got bacon
we got everything okay right challenge
Zoe now see how quick you can cook a
photo when was the last time you cooked
breakfast I made breakfast all the time
I think from how you said that Eliza
complete lies yeah
oranges why don't you do it mommy can
you read me Brett what's back when I
lived at home my dad used to make me
breakfast every Saturday used to make me
bacon sandwich in bed well it's Sunday
today and every Sunday you know being
serious every weekend used to make me
break bacon
two men so lucky because he used to like
doing it my parents my parents love to
like parent me a mother me and father me
wouldn't know how to do it I'm worried
she's at the end of the bed looking at
ya Nala likes eating grass what is that
in the bed what have you been eating in
the bed Zowie
well there's a crummy of what well on
your side yeah what minion in bed maybe
hot in anyways right we are up I'm ready
for the day we've had a nice and slow
start to the morning
Zoey's into two blocks and uploaded one
and the second is gone up tonight no no
what we doing now
just prepare yep poo bags in there
already we're taking all that for a walk
to go meet my grandma my mom and now
that we're gonna go to buzz she's so
cute oh wait I can't forget my bag
literally got everything in it or so all
my clothes are in the wash so I realized
that I kind of look like one direction
from the what makes you beautiful video
like really old-school stripes and then
like a light grey hat if I had chinos on
I would literally look like old school
use about we're also going to get much
tears I mean old school one direction
member what was I going to get them
upstairs I'm just gonna get something
money for parking that's what it was
good thinking Alfie no no you having fun
now guys and we just never see guys we
just met two of the cutest little pugs
in the one with ever 22 times older
brothers when I send in to run
so you spend who in the bin there we go
reduce my bad that's for jump now who
that's that that thing as I was saying
guys we saw two of the cutest little
pugs in the bud and they're both little
like pugs get overweight very very
easily measure on the meals and be super
careful at the right amount of exercise
and everything and we're trying to keep
Nardo in bars and so far they are just
one now like 22 months old and then
we'll also it's up to mid size and shape
doing this we're training had to come
back guys that's why we've got a super
long all of this i have tidied up all
over the front room turning up the table
tidied up over here look how much
rubbish we have i'm about to go and take
it all outside now and then i've just
tied it up but emptied the dishwasher
put another dishwasher on there's still
all of this to do so i'm nothing on the
sink to do the rest by hand so that it's
done more quickly then i also only
edited my daily vlog so i need to go and
upload that afterwards and then i need
to tackle this room which is like the
messiest room in the entire world
although i bought this the other day and
it arrived yesterday gopro hero4 black
which I'm so excited about because I'm
going snowboarding in a couple of days
so that's gonna get some awesome footage
of me snowboarding don't want this too
hot I'm so also just got these at the
freezer
and so excited to eat some of them
although I don't want to eat in my shop
let's I'm only gonna have like a handful
went shopping shopping right yesterday I
want to make something healthy I don't
know what to have we've got so much is
only chicken
finally all dan7 these two which got
ruined the other day somebody put them
in the dishwasher and these ones are
meant to go in the dishwasher so some of
the gold has come off but other than
those days that are broken everything is
done and nice and clean so now I just
need to carry on I'm tied in a little
bit and then take all of this rubbish to
the means to get on to the bins also
just prove that having it your money and
there's still up to there which makes it
look like I've eaten half the back end
but I haven't these things are never
ever full so I'm going to put them back
into the fridge just so you guys believe
me that I didn't just stuck my face and
eat all of them for those of you that
asked to see pimping and pass see more
often here we go hello how you doing
mister are you good are you good
hello Percy you having a nice drink
ewwww yeah they twink so much guys I
actually shocked you how much they drink
I don't know where it goes I don't know
where all goes like they get through one
of these so quickly go and have a nice
drink hello mister hello just take in
all of the bins out to the bins all of
that is gone and clean and then I just
take and we just bought over here on
dinner I'm showing you because that's
where it was
we bought a chimin air or just outside
some shelves there just outside and now
here this arrived yesterday which is a
new rug for this room so I'm gonna go
and put it in there now and here we go
new carpet didn't don't dare didn't a
set from how to make the little edges go
down hey get oh that's how you do you
just stand on it a couple of times
oh there we go hey new topic I mean rug
I can always tell when alfea's tired
look at
straight on properly just relax can
anyone else see his smaller eye I can
tell when he's tired yeah your left eye
that eyes always the same and your mum
yeah that's where you get it from she
was saying what are you doing with this
are you sure why you try to feed me yet
I'm so tired I'm so tired still from the
tour and I just realized that tomorrow
we've got the most excite now in the
world tomorrow guys but not we allowed
to vlog yet tomorrow but I can't tell
you what it is until tomorrow what the
day after tomorrow that's what I've said
on my Twitter I'm like I can't tell you
till tomorrow or the day after but like
when we say like exciting I said it's up
there with top five things I've ever
done
for sure no I'd say this is my son thing
overdone I'd say this is big a deal with
the light is it is big deal with my book
I would say your book is like more of
like a personal achievement your book
it's no I think this is more of a
personal achievement and my book is
somewhere more cooler I don't know
you're gonna find out either tomorrow or
the day after depending if we're allowed
to tweet about tomorrow if we're not
then it'll be in the vlogs the day after
that tomorrow we're doing something that
cycle I kind of don't want to tweet it I
kind of want it to be enough in our
videos we should publish our SATs live
at the same time our videos literally
gonna be crazy that the daily vlogs I
don't all boring you know I'm not really
the announcements really excited at the
agile J believable I don't know how
people are gonna react I'm really
nervous and Zoe isn't pregnant I know I
just had to tweet I'm not pregnant or
engaged I said it's something I've never
done before is something that Zoe could
at me or Zoe could have done solo to put
it that way it's not that a copy it's
not a couple's thing I forgot to even
tell these guys about it give a clue no
I don't want to give it they okay it's
cool I think it's really cool and I'm so
hungry I'm so hungry
Hey well baby who else is yawning who
else is your name you're on your
in lunch oh yeah but we did have a big
breakfast we had a late okay no we had
lunch we dinner breakfast yeah there's a
little wand our planners have this but
I'm too tired to even open it Anita it
will give you energy so I don't have to
do I would say it's 24/7 by the way if
you don't know what time it is in the
day haven't filmed what they did mention
a video today or this week because
you've not really been here nudes
haven't been here to film a video but
I'll try and get one up at some point in
the week maybe Tuesday or something like
that yeah no no no Liz very intrigued by
the no no no no doesn't want it
she's been sleeping upstairs and I sit
in the head now I'm gonna go downstairs
now is she jumped down off the best
she's thank you what are you gonna film
a video then mm-hm I want to make some
dinner that don't have a look go for me
or the action okay a reaction to I don't
have any eye makeup on by the way he
looks pretty odd we went to the park but
I was like I'm gonna do my eye makeups
my video so I'm not gonna do it now
which but if you tidied oh the
dishwasher stuff is away well done
gorgeous I'm not being sarcastic I'm
being serious oh look this is what
honour and Jonathan bought Earth spins
as well we can put and the bins of God
and that's all tidy oh you put the rug
in oh how much do you love that rug that
looks awesome in here because it ties in
with the cushions this rugs from habitat
if any of your wondering I really like
it yeah you're not allowed to pee on it
Missy come on come away oh really this
is my favorite room of the house for
sure
oh the old rug is now making a bridge
from that sofa to that so far
I've been trying to do some online
shopping for the last hour and buy
shopping I mean clothes shopping I find
it's so hard like I never ever ever buy
clothes online some people just do that
my sister or does a lot of her accolades
online is that done yet for clearly
though you're just a lot closer online I
just can't do it I don't I think it's
the fact that I can't try on I just get
scared to buy something and commit to
spending my money unlike a shirt that I
don't get to try on and see if I think
it looks good look at this I sort all of
this out today as well forgot to show
you guys Zoe bought these little copper
things as you know she loves copper so
now all I draw is so much tire because
before is like a mess everywhere now
let's so sleepy right now she's
literally just fall asleep tucked up
into bed with me on you baby
you know she'd be a bet oh hi guys
Moe ducked up into bed and it is time to
sleep got to be up super early tomorrow
for their exciting projects we've got
the training at 9:19 so I'll catch you
early in the morning thanks so much for
watching today you've enjoyed it give it
a big old thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow
good night
