righty-ho guys Oh God good morning today
it's the big one the big book signing
the longest run the others have all been
two hours this one is five hours today
and I've got a car waiting outside now
I'm already got my bag packed my laptop
so I can upload my daily vlog Ross from
there I'm feeling good feeling really
good about today poppy and Sean are also
gonna come come and see you guys come
and show me some love
and yeah let's go let's do it
we're now off to meet some VIPs got
little rooms this is the set up there
today nice little room everyone is
through those doors Maisy is the first
person of the day you're the first
person thanks so much for coming in have
you been queuing up a long
guys jet this I met Megan back look at
me there I literally don't even have one
hair on my face I'm like 14 years old or
something and now you're here thank you
so much you're still watching my videos
you're amazing
grace went in 26th and Watson tonight
they wear them they look so good I love
them and I've drawn here thank you so
much here are the other two Emma Watson
members thank you so much girls
I love the tops as usual I always love
the last week former CEO and angel thank
you so much thank you for waiting for so
long
it means a lot and I hope you both enjoy
your books as well thank you so much
forgot to mention where my car was going
guys he was come and see this little guy
what have you got oh is it your first
birthday party mister ah is it you
birthday boy
ah so these guys down here building a
car so go it does just hold it there D
which of these two guys guys this is for
three to ten year olds and you to call
it we're getting there
are you happy Emilia is it looking good
is he in there let me see him in that
there he's lying down agile look at the
King L shall not pass are you having fun
dodo why see him no you have to look
down in here inside that little hole
do you see him don't let him out here
hahaha you're gonna get the man from our
jail but you can go this right
yeah that's like the thinnest box in
them that guy's more tucked up into bed
and I am so tired like I literally put
every single bit of energy I have
possibly have into making my UK tour a
special for everything one of you that
came and I just had such a bloomin good
time so thank you so much for coming out
if he did and if you didn't manage to
get to care I'll try and meet you again
I'm sure the ball meet one day in the
future don't worry and if you don't live
in New Canaan ipsum arse again I'm sure
we'll meet somewhere else one day don't
worry about that I am so tired literally
gonna fall asleep anyone else fall
asleep Anna and Jonathan's I was so
tired I've got a Zoe asleep just there
and then I was they've got this little
one down yeah he's having a little nap
I'm just gonna bet now and then go to
sleep the time is only 10:40 it's 10:40
and I'm tired
Wow right I love you so much thank you
so much for the support like honestly I
can't even begin to explain how amazing
you guys are I'll catch you tomorrow
thanks for watching the video if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed the tour give it a thumbs up as
well and yeah I'll see you tomorrow good
night
