five mins too much handles nice why do I
always do this to herself
what the hell is the heart where's my
ticket
a speaking with lease yesterday one of
my book publishers who saw her and just
saying that sometimes I just get things
really fluently that really lucky
happened to me just all the time and I
learned a while I'll get trains with
like one minute to go all the time I'll
get like flights like just make it on
their own things
I haven't any breakfast yet guys so just
got a little cup of tea and shortbread
as well
I haven't actually told you guys why I'm
in London so basically I'm going to
remember a while ago
I mean mocks shot that video for NCS
where we went and did what do we do we
revoke climb in did the thing we climbed
at the pole and like jump I know we
climbed up a pole we understand a
platform do you all of that anyway it's
called alpha versus Markus or something
like that and so today I'm going to go
hang out NCS again but I'm not climbing
any trees or stuff today I'm going to
shoot a video of Tinie Tempah which is
going to really really cool and I'm
interviewing him having a chat with him
and just see what he's up to because he
is NCS this new ambassador which is cool
so that is Romanoff - now get down there
I don't know I'm showing you over there
just look cool train station also London
Zoo is literally just that so annoying I
don't get to go would have loved to go
to London so zoos are like one of my
favorite things ever
they're pretty aren't they Zoe can you
buy some flowers like these or these
we've got much smaller version to that
they just blow over all the time that's
the back pocket perfect
so just met loads of their leaders NCS
leaders you know really really nice
people and now just send up I didn't
film anything because Oscars taking
pictures and signing stuff everyone in
chat which is really nice but now we're
just setting up here me to shoot a
little interview in a chair there with
tiny temperatures get a record got my
questions over here on the little piece
of paper be all official interview hey
guys I'm happy and today I'm here NCS
ambassador time chamber
I don't know good again yeah what
particularly attracted you to spoil it
yes I just I just love what they do a
lot of fun
young people whether they are space the
last because ultimately the collection
ratio you know to someone we say we say
was to be a fashion yeah ample Anatole
would even been able to work hard or
give them sense general social skills
but I think people will see that I think
that's basically what
finished our tiny I was caught really
nice English grabbing some lunch daddy's
lunch followers do the even easy yeah go
she can live I got you in a began you
know Victoria strange to you John I'm
just going home now
it is nice and early it is quarter to
four that was so much fun I didn't feel
too much I don't think I found anything
actually with the NCS graduates but they
were so the brighter seventeen onwards
we go yeah I was just stopped and
chatted for literally like an hour extra
with some people that graduated NCS to
talk about their story and how much they
loved what they're doing and now they're
like leaders NCS leaders of the youth
group of them
4:07 time now
mr. Chang
I don't know what the time is
go after you go go up 117 people have
run it
running on seven minutes yeah I had a
really nice large had a passion for MCS
Nativity but it is brought their life
and how much this affected their lives
it's nice an MC village something that I
floated over the last couple of years is
making such a difference I don't even
know him 49 to people's lives so that's
fine going to Brighton hi guys I'm now
back in Brighton
we have Zoe in Ireland we're just gonna
go take know for a little walk up we
we've got the roof on which is nice to
do ever done this in ages half way me
and papa
come on sit down no 1 April we did this
Italian oh did you was it nice that
proper windy few guys we also meeting up
with my mom and dad but that's what the
B was and if we say his name somebody
gets quite excited so we're keeping
their secret for now
we just head into stomach Park to take
the pro walk maybe get some food as well
you excited yeah yeah yeah are we inside
are we outside haunted cuz normally she
loves looking on the windows and she
yeah and now she's like wait I can look
above me she does have a clue what's
going on he's just staring at me I love
when people will come from thanks for
walking in the way thank you thanks so
much
we're at the park we got the long leads
out haven't we baby let's see if she can
come we're trying to train her again -
look at how nice the stem houses Nullah
what's this hey baby
none of us this none of this no don't go
to mummy come to me come here oh and you
still up okay don't worry about me then
haha
mum and dad are up there I can't blinks
I've got a treat smile no I just dropped
a treat there we go
right you can do your first big one off
the lead ghost your mummy over there
done them
another was this what's this baby
the one issue with the leads being long
as they just tangled us up like Nala
loves to run around and around look how
delicious this salmon dinner is oh my
gosh just got home after delicious
delicious dinner
Nullah my likkle my likkle what she
dressed us again honey is it lamb look a
little bit no no come and see hello
Missy uni stir bunny she's just eating
some treats aren't you oh she's so soft
under cool nugget nada come here oh
she's shaking
no Nala come with me it's cuz you were
giving her treat she thinks you're going
to the tree oh she doesn't love me no no
great I'm in pain what keep her there
oh my god that looks so creepy
NOLA howdy create some tune oh my god
that's a creepiest thing in the world
she's so cute
right I'm gonna end the book hey guys
I'm actually naked and I've got to be up
early in the morning
Oh step on my face but she just did
you're gonna give her treats she does
can I train her to walk with me oh yeah
you're such a liar I'm gonna end the
vlog guys thank you so much watching
today if you enjoyed it give the video a
thumbs up give it a thumbs up but yeah
she's good though because she thinks
you're gonna give her a tree
yeah my little lamb a nickel lamb lamb
hey right
thanks so much motion guys it's down
I'll get you tomorrow I'm up super early
I've got a signing at Bluewater
which is a shopping center like near
London near here I'm so excited but I
need to get some sleep I need to edit
two lobes as well first so I'll catch
you tomorrow also if you're sitting
there wondering what actually is MCS it
stands for National Citizen Service it
is amazing is the fastest growing youth
program between 15 and 17 year olds in
England and Northern Ireland the program
itself I've taken part in some of the
days actually as I said earlier with
Marcus and today we met those people
that doing it loads of you guys have
actually done it whenever I post stuff
about on Facebook or Twitter all of you
go crazy saying that you enjoyed it and
it's basically a unique program that
helps young people build skills for like
both work and life through like
challenges working the community making
friends and just loads of positive
really really good stuff so I urge you
definitely going get involved if you're
between 15 and 17 you will love it as I
said me and Marcus have taken part in
some of the days and it's just a lot of
fun and there's so much positivity and
people make light of speaking to to the
people today and they said that they've
never ever met somebody from Ireland
before and they met a girl from Ireland
and one of the youth leaders and they're
now like awesome awesome friend this is
a really really weird login position and
they're now like awesome friends which
is just so crazy because that's exactly
what I love from YouTube is making
friends and making like connections with
people that without YouTube wouldn't be
possible and NCS is also doing that
which is cool so yeah that is it thanks
for watching the video I hope you had a
lot of fun I do not find tiny temper is
really cool really nice guy and yeah
I'll get you tomorrow at my book signing
good bye Oh
