good morning guys I am so tired
yeah there's an app there's an app on
the phone which is for like and you know
how to slide organizing and getting jobs
done there's Owen I use just to do
things like remind yourself to take out
the bins and things like this and Zoey
Jeff neither broke up of her to spend
time using this app instead which is
weird an organization app yeah ice meant
to be downstairs twelve minutes ago for
breakfast
goodbye hotel room I've enjoyed you very
much goodbye
oh now call over the door got both my
hands full anyone going just walking and
smiling for the vlog don't have a clue
gives me a price just about to go and
start the book signing ones out there
thing so I'm super excited Newcastle and
they lose rate today
I always know the last people the last
people were Amy thank you for coming and
Chi as well thank you so much these
people also some of the last people for
your names thank you so much for coming
do you get from Liverpool thank you so
much let's honors finish went really
really well
look how nice this train station is
through the middle like pillars and
everything yeah thank you to everybody
came out Gateshead that's so crazy
that's so so good now I'm getting the
train leaves to go to the next one which
is it this is nice isn't that
I didn't get the picture go on quick
quick
look guys Maddy laughs at me every time
she sees me I take this her bag on her
back is just as big and heavy as this no
you may as well get one of these because
then you have to have it on your back
also we've got a massive Nando's what no
they don't do they actually we just blew
me sit like 20 minutes in the taxi
getting a Nando's and they've got my
hair got my little Nando's even though
they even gave us metal cutlery that's
nice of them and I'm off now for my lead
signing which I'm super excited I just
changed my t-shirt so little bit
different in the pictures for you guys
guys no courtesan banner has got me who
is your friend thank you so much thank
you so much for this as well so I'm just
signing Molly's book look at her top and
her hat so cute like the last two
dollars on the side and is Sophie
amazing thank you so much to come in
you're the last people nice it's got
fruit and nuts there's just something
about breaking an easter egg
I just love boys my Easter egg I made
there you go have that go pocket people
love little jars don't know don't women
and girls love like little jars and
stuff quick take it home go going a kids
would love it
take it there's a present for your kids
are in people love miniature jars and
like little jams and sup tonight is
there none within I always you don't
know what all right I need you or the
other one is Hammond sadly about we also
have
which is Italian a hole in pasta this is
the best train in the world just
uploading my new gaming video now it's
done 81% you should got mighty some wine
Lisa Scott I told him the hole on the
train what is for free as well guys all
of this is for free and then now he's
just gonna go he persuaded me like it
wasn't even me our skin he persuaded me
to get ambassador sage my babies faster
my pastor has arrived yeah I using
did it
I just slept the other two back in
London now and I'm glad to jump on the
train on the tube to Victoria and then a
train back to Brighton man is become
there we write out that I've been on a
train or an ekala actually as well like
transport for nine hours so far today
let alone this one back here now
I just got my last train now and it is
time to edit today's date the folks
there was meant to go up tonight but in
our top 10 so probably getting up
tomorrow morning just about Edda
baby I missed you so much Lee p-hat I
did Nalla baby Hey
say hello to my vlog hey sleepy face I
missed you did you miss me how much did
you miss me yeah yeah yeah I mean I'm
home hi guys
and the Volks I've got to sleep be
little people got one here and one here
and I need to put them both to bed so
thanks for watching today thank you so
much for the overwhelming support and
just today's been crazy like literally
unbelievable so thank you so much I'm
sure I'll reflect on it more tomorrow
and chat about it in tomorrow's vlog if
you enjoyed today give it a thumbs up
thank you so much everybody came out and
saw me today I had such a lovely day
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
