good more than guys up to the airport I
go of the airport up to the airport
depay baby
Japan Allah I love you so much give me a
kiss mmm
good girl bye bye I love you just got to
Heathrow now guys good morning
if I haven't already said that properly
oh thank you very much just meeting
Maddie here maybe meeting the security
guy who's coming on this tour with me
good Silas flying today because the
flights gonna be like the first thing
because that car journey just then like
an hour so it's gonna be good never been
squatting before
I'm so excited wow this is blooming
massive Connie just realise that I'm
here in our early don't really know what
to do so just put my feet up just chill
in I don't think I can get any food I
having a breakfast yeah as you seen
and I think that there's food shops just
on the other side of there but I can't
get there without going through check-in
and I haven't got anything to check in I
don't think I've got a passport with me
but that is it I think people that are
meeting you guys know Maddie I think
Maddie's got anything for me
well I hope she has otherwise would not
go here no I'm joking I'm sure okay
she's just text me Oh crikey you're
early
grab a tea and some breakfast no idea
how long I'll be my taxis going a very
weird way awesome don't think I can
anything because I can't get through
there I don't have anything to do for
the next hour so I think I'm just going
to edit today's daily vlog before I got
on the flight because as soon as I land
I think I landed my half-past two or
three and then I have my book signed the
starts at four so I'm gonna have no time
to edit not like this if I don't do it
now
chick in and more chicken for breakfast
just double check in honor and this
there we go there's the plane
going on
look how nice this is guys this is sick
my first time in Scotland although we
didn't go on one of those little planes
you saw the paint move oh wait look look
how lanky that plane is I just found out
some good news coming off the plane
what's the news the point is book two is
number one in the overall chart this
week sailing how many up 21 points 20 20
mm looks just this week that's crazy and
then just landed and number one in
Ireland insane like so so crazy just got
to the airport walking through look at
this
that's leaching about bigger than my
real head oh my gosh thanks guys the
back entrances this is the reality book
signings
so generous our parents from up here you
can see the crowd
these people are crazy
there we go
biscuit MIT I'm heading down now to the
signing I've got my cup of tea got my
water got sharpies gave up on my hair I
wore my hair back stupidly my hair back
on the look at this that somebody's just
made me these are their Twitter's thank
you guys thank you so much guys looking
what's your name she is made the most
awesome poster look I'm bigoted did it
take you long did it take you long
you're crazy thank you so much
you guys kissing ever thanks to so cute
you're the second to last people thank
you for coming as usual always look the
last people in our book signings ain't
Joan clay thank you so much for waiting
for so long have you had a nice day yeah
that's good I love your accent
it was actually so so strong can you
guys understand me that's good I am so
tired I don't even know if I've told you
where I am
I'm now at Newcastle guys so this
morning I was in Brighton then I got a
car to London then I got a flight to
Glasgow now I've driven to Newcastle
because I've got two books on in
tomorrow like today the two of them this
bed is mass it's a trip triple bed three
normally what normally beds have two
sets of pillows there's three that is
crazy that's like a triple couple is
that a thing like three-way relationship
that's what that's for anyways I've got
so much chocolate and sweets from you
guys this is bad all of your presents
normally I go through all the presents I
get one the day and then I show people
in the videos like me opening everything
that you guys sent me but there was so
much stuff like I can't even describe
how many presents people gave me in
Glasgow it was insane so they're having
to send the
the post to my house like I think the
only things I have is with a chocolate
just for like this the car journey or
what is oh yes give me that oh my gosh
yeah
like so much stuff so thank you so much
today
it was the lumen incredible you guys I
loved your accents I didn't even realize
that what soon as our several to play
and everyone's going to sound completely
different like I met a guy who worked as
like security or something like that at
the airport and he had this little
daughter they took him to work because
she was a fan of mine and he knew that I
was going flying in today and he was
like oh can you picture and sign this
for my daughter Millie and I was
literally like I'm so sorry what was her
name and he said again I was like I'm
really I'm really sorry please can you
spell it out like I have no idea what
you're saying
it was so Scottish sounding and I've
just never had anything like that in my
life
but you guys it sounds awesome I love
how young sound and you're all so sweet
and your fashion sense was amazing like
so many of you in fact like all of you
are wearing such fashionable nice
clothes anyways I'm gonna stop rambling
on
I've just finished dinner with the gang
I got Silas here as well hey woman I'm
trimming up my sunglasses I'm a pocket
I've got Silas here with me for the
whole tour who is a security and I
looking after me kind of guy and he is
the one like he is awesome at what he
does so I'm really really happy that he
is here with me
making sure that everything runs
smoothly for you guys like just as much
these here to like look after me and
make sure that I get in and out the
building and safely things like that
it's looking after you guys as well so
if there's anything ever bad have a new
view guys he's the one who sorts it all
out and looks after you so everyone say
thank you to Silas anyways I've got to
edit today's daily vlog upload
yesterday's or the daily book that's
meant to go up today yesterday's video
no I'm so confused what I did yesterday
I've got upload that today I'm all yet
yeah hopefully the Internet's fast and
then I've got to edit tomorrow's daily
vlog and then I also need to
edit part I didn't finish Oliver I
thought I did but then I missed a bit
out of the gaming video that me and Shay
from yesterday so I've got three videos
to do before I get bed tonight and I'm
knackered and I've got to book science
tomorrow it's gonna be a long few days
there's so much fun so I'm gonna end the
vlog here if you enjoyed today give it a
thumbs up I haven't seen all the
messages you guys filmed on this camera
I gave my camera to my diems like please
can you go out and ask some people to
say a little message to my camera so I'm
guessing I inserted them and they were
gonna be I'm guessing they're really
cute I haven't seen them yet so thanks
for the support on there I love you guys
and I'll catch you tomorrow the world's
busiest busiest busiest day good night
