good morning guys I am the train station
it's eight minutes past eight good get a
train in 20 minutes after I they were
half minute out of order that's annoying
I need to get my ticket obviously
gets London
there we go so I meant to be getting the
Train 833 you'll never believe this when
I say yeah there's actually an earlier
train well I don't know could actually
been a minute for this changes an
earlier train twenty minutes early that
I could actually get which will be good
means we just get over there yeah nice
and prepared you know me
I just got Victoria now I haven't had
breakfast yet
and I've also gone sd5 my camels so I'm
going to try an SD card from WH Smith
and then I've also got a car waiting no
come on come on I don't even know where
they will be no luck in there that means
having got oh wow
oh it's busy she's gonna just go and get
breakfast instead
those ways to just escape
is a lot quicker
I was like walking through this studio
because they have the random sets and
stuff Dave enough on that film Oh fancy
I just haven't done just walking through
to go on maybe like nine minutes
either way I needed it since I was in
the taxi I forgot to go
remember it's like bull finished on this
morning I'll try and insert some clips
from I'm guessing you guys were like we
uploaded YouTube or something like that
just get an achievement go tox
resurfaces learn me poppy go get some
lunch and do a bit shopping mind the gap
please
Urban Outfitters just bought couple of
new t-shirts ready for my tour which
starts tomorrow Friday mark we've never
link has got or some with Poppy now
we've never been to Scotland have way
like I don't understand how I've been to
like America twelve million times no
have you always Wales was 40 minutes
from Zoe's old house I'm eight Hey Welsh
was 40 minutes ago his old house never
went oh yeah crazy Hoff I wish what I
thought is fault is it I'm not oh yeah
oh my gosh
it's the two more guns got them for the
best time to say maybe I am NOT I mean
London's just not busy is it it's just
not busy at all bakery the rent he hit
the other day me and poppy it was really
nice so we're gonna come back
I completely forgot to lock up my
luggage which is the most unheard thing
ever I took pictures of it so I'll try
and insert I remember yeah this is it
this is well notes there with the
chicken off the top as well but that's
how healthy it was and then this as well
what was that called immune booster I
basically just copy poppy and a mini
it's a bread as well it was delicious
still going though kinda wish I bought
my sunglasses now it's such I love
day yeah you gone the wrong way oh now
don't need sunglasses because you're not
walking into the Sun
just got to Hyde Park now it is still
lovely still wishing I brought my
sunglasses I think are we gonna rent one
of those guys wait look at that little
paddle hose over there yeah should we
push pop yeah push our one with stick oh
yeah that wasn't in my vlog that was in
Zoey's blog oh I missed out I didn't
realize you got at a picnic as well so
we got back cuz I'm quite hungry also
same she was like yeah we had the picnic
I'm like what what we were just
celebrate that's what I want I want that
little quad bike I would get to choose
which kind of boat we won do you want a
pedalo where you paddle with your feet
or do you want a rowing boat I think we
get a rowing boat should we ask this guy
who do we ask
whoa look at the size of those ducks
massive this is last time I did Rowan it
was so hard
it was with Louie and Steve and I think
yeah I think it's just me Lucy maybe
Dave was there no gosh would bloom in
hard day gone Sean Sean where we go
ahead we're going into the side oh I
mean should we all just Claude went to
that that looks a little bit more fun
okay
I don't have getting a rowing boat was
the best idea
the sun's coming out all go in I
honestly thought you're gonna say
where's my or then I was good a minute
ago yeah you had a a good spring of that
right pop your turn yeah oh my gosh I'm
tired and we've not even moved I can't
listen Bobbi was just happened
Bobby just a brand new go just sat in
bad poo I'm gonna see gonna cry I feel
Franco no pop you don't use one or
either you need this one is well pop
take the other one okay okay you need
that you need both
I mean we're going the wrong way what's
wrong
don't let go guys I'm getting there good
spin mount yeah so you need to go on the
right side come on out you can do it
once again got to the train station
early I've got 11 minutes no 21 minutes
sorry right just got tucked up into bed
guys I don't know if I've told you yet
also my hair is an absolute state and
don't if I told you guys yeah though I'm
flying to Glasgow tomorrow morning I've
never been to Scotland I know I did tell
you when I should poppy earlier I'm just
about to edit my daily vlog and then I
just finished filming a gaming video
with Jay which is hopefully gonna go up
around the time you're watching this if
it is up or leave a link down below if
not go check printers blog games in a
couple of days whenever you want play is
an awesome video we took it old school
and we had a lot a lot of fun it was
really really cool I'm just gonna edit
the date book now it was half-past
twelve just pack my suitcase for the
tour I'm so excited it's gonna be good
I'm gonna have my vlog here cuz I'm so
tired
I'll have two videos to edit I've still
got my datavoke to edit from today and
technically it's the next day it's been
busy it's been so busy right thank you
so much watching today if you enjoyed it
then give the video a thumbs up it was
crazy meeting so many of you because
it's Easter halftime at the moment when
I was walking my London shop in and on
the little arrow in boats like at one
point we were rowing the boat and there
was five other boats around me all
taking pictures of me like you guys in
other boats around me it was crazy for
them so much fun so so much fun so thank
you so much you just boy they love that
you give me day in and day out
it really means a lot and also thank you
for the sport with the TV show we had
over a hundred of thousand tweets to do
with the hashtag that is insane that is
insane right anyways guys I love you
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
