good morning guys how you doing today
did you have a nice Easter I hope you
did you can't reply because this is a
video so one way thang so I don't know
what you're saying but I hope you did we
are off this morning I say this morning
it's actually lunchtime we both just
been editing our daily blogs from
yesterday huh
no let's go a little little harness and
a little futon you got a little knitted
jumper one up in a second let me just go
just me but like my bag as well but you
know no believe that in the car in fact
hey don't fight your need will you do it
in we're off to the beach with bars and
mum and dad and poppy and Shaun for a
little walk maybe it's lunch or
something I'm not too sure and then they
do tonight I need to walk now she's
stopped Nationals go outside there later
tonight a niche film edit upload and
then tomorrow morning I'd you want me
talking about tomorrow morning I'm off
to London super early but I'll tell you
why later you guys saw the sea yesterday
how far I was there was sand and
everything now looking at its oh my god
there's sand on there for the the water
goes out right up to the edge yeah you
can slice it down here outlet there's a
proper sand there we go Tyler when I
first bought Tyler's bright and he was
like what is this sounds like what do
you mean is the beach is like no sir are
they bought the not oh here we go
look how cool this is guys I really want
to come back like Steve and Louie or
something or Ben let's wait for it is it
going to come back don't worry I'll get
a little zoom in shop for when he does
it yo
to me look how cute this be truckers
look at this Beach at mom of little
birds the seagulls at the tar that's so
oh it's for sale this house for sale
there we go I will even Beach Boys I
didn't film too much cuz it's just been
such nice weather that I just wanted to
relax enjoy you got some good big kids
both of them about their little coats
off because they got very very hot yeah
look how many flies oh he's gonna
they're like everywhere because of the
yellow on on her coat like yeah you're
so smelly the Fly Trap do now smelly my
new videos meant to be going up tonight
and having real trouble setting it up
I've tried here put the lights in and
tried to shoot with that as the
background wasn't happy now I'm trying
outside in the garden maybe sitting down
there still doesn't look good so I
thought about if I stand and I shoot it
so that it looks like I'm inside I don't
know if you can can you see that on
there mmm a little bit so it looks like
I'm inside but I'm not then I get an
excuse to stand here and stand out in
the Sun and film like this but now I
just can't open my eyes
that's not good is it so I'm stuck don't
know where to fill my new video I feel
like it's such a nice day that it's a
waste to film it inside but I can't find
something where where I'm happy to film
it in the garden okay why don't I try if
I bring this tripod
maybe I'll film its inside here trying
this shooting it like that over here
still looks rubbish oh I thought the way
to film this is annoying me so much
all right now my lens is still broken
stupid camera another shot failed
literally can't set up for this video
getting so hot and bothered that I can't
do it that I'm just going to explode I
need to put on some shorts shorts on
back to trying to find a good angle and
this angle looks rubbish again also got
changed because I'm so hot it is
unbelievable I had to change my top as
well and now I think if this fits up the
door come on please don't lock the walls
no go oh and if I'm up the wall yeah
mark the wall awesome this is not my day
I thought I was having such a good
productive day today I was like this is
just going amazing I've had such a nice
beach walk with the dogs seeing my
family nothing could possibly go wrong
set from the video that wasn't meant to
film yesterday they didn't go up
yesterday I meant from today they're
probably at this rate isn't going to go
up today although the Sun is going I was
going to show you actually whatever you
want to show you where we live and the
Sun has just gone behind a building
which means that I could possibly film
back here just sitting down here I don't
know what the noise is going to be like
but we'll have to see
right I think this could be the one
let's give it a go
just put my camera inside just finish
filming my new video I don't know how it
went because the lighting was going
crazy and changing the Sun was basically
out when I started filming it and then
the Sun went away by the time I finish
filming it so probably got really like
two really dark really quickly it was
fun it was really cold again it was hot
when I started filming it and freezing
when I finished so I need to go and edit
that now where's my card oh wait it's
the same memory cards I'm using in this
one here kpv you're back home now aren't
you gorgeous did you have a nice walkies
today are you sleepy she's so tired and
my video is up after 20 find a
background and trying to set it up for 8
million years it is finally done and it
is live right now I'm just sitting here
reading all of your comments or applying
to some and following you guys on
Twitter they give it a thumbs up and
stuff like that
your daddy blocks up as well isn't it
yep so he's just taking a few some
pictures I took about earlier today I
think she's gonna put one on her
Instagram stuff I don't know which ones
which one did you say was who knows that
one no good Nala was it that one yeah I
like that one and the guy now right
everybody but I can speak everybody oh
I've never seen you look so shocked I
want to smash your on camera
everybody's been asking about this bulb
thing where I slept or not and I took it
whether you slept or not well I took it
out in my sleep or not if I put it in
now and it works
then I took a mostly if I did in then I
think my mom must have taken out cuz my
mum and dad put some light bulbs in and
across the other day and they must have
done it is it on I don't know
alphy you took light bulb out oh sorry
you'll have to beat me I'm just shocked
why would you do that in your sleep you
absolute freak it did that who I've not
touched that light bulb I'm scared why
would you do that I agree with it no no
I'm just freaking out I'm us in the gym
go up and like unscrewed it and pretty
necks my bed and go back to sleep Alfie
have you properly screwed that in now
though yeah like that's as tight as
it'll go
nah yeah if it comes back out tonight I
majus my wake up the next one if it's a
ghost oh well if it's a ghost and it
wasn't you that was doing the light bulb
but you could feel someone else doing
here and he made me dreamer and it made
you dream of it moral of the story is no
one took that frickin lightbulb art
because why would they you wake up with
that light bulb next to your bed and
dreaming of unscrewing a light bulb and
you dreamt you unscrewing a light bulb
and it works but no one would take a
light bulb art if it when it works than
that I'm so confused right now in the
back of my head I was like no obviously
you didn't take that out see someone
took it out because it wasn't working
well there we go sleepwalking confirmed
Illuminati I mean you didn't walk very
far you just got up on the bed but you
must have stood up I think it was Nala
maybe it was me I'm freaking out I
reckon you did it imagine if it was me
and you i ry Zoe taking out a light bulb
then you started dreaming that you were
taking out a light bulb and I placed it
hasty no it was you it was definitely
you when was that it was the night we
got back from Anna and Jonathan's really
late remember when we were both so tired
we were like so tired we're like
deliriously tired yeah so you must have
started falling asleep but
I think I need to change the light bulb
maybe you would check I mean you've
never you probably never changed a light
bulb in your freakin life so you know
change office light bulb before oh well
done right there we go well that moral
of the story there's possibility that
Alfie sleep calls to change light bulbs
and that's pretty damn dangerous to be
on it is light bulbs idiot are you gonna
do next juggle knives well I can't even
hold it light bulb when I'm awake I
still got the mini smash them on the
floor so then went oh man I'm asleep
how did I not wake up with you
clambering up there to take the light
bulb out imagine imagine if I woke up in
you just unscrewing the light bulb as
you've also seen you like tiptoe through
the truly matter if it wasn't you I wake
up in Milazzo
what you doing and you're next to me
don't I'll get freaked out
