good morning guys while my throat
it's not even early the time is like
where's my phone let me check the time
for you
diet is 1224 now I tried to go for a jog
this morning I didn't film it but I
promise you I did like my gym shorts are
here to prove it and then my gym clothes
promise you I tried it was blooming hard
like I didn't even jog far I just oh my
hair
I just jog around tonight a local shop
to come pick up some Easter eggs as well
my little kinder eggs because I want to
do a Easter egg hunt with my family my
family are downstairs now and so he's
obviously here as well it was hard it
was under a mile and I struggled I am so
unhealthy so I'm going to try and do let
every day or every couple of days or
something go for a morning run and try
and get it further and further and I use
an act like trackers Acula ran and how
fast I ran and how long and everything
like that so I'm going to try and beat
every day next time I'll vlog it but
today I didn't forget I was just on a
mission I was going yeah bye guys I
bought 24 of these earlier and we're
going to do an Easter egg hunt but no
puppy
you can't hide them before they've been
hidden get them out you guys go in the
garden it's definitely less than funny
they all have to go in the garden why so
I'm hiding it and they were properly who
can find the most wins yeah hey that's
no fun no I'm good at hiding get in the
garden something all in this pocket
come on me go go in the pod get in the
pod I need to go and hide all of these
and strikes alright wait where my shoes
hold on my hair yeah I left my hair to
dry naturally by itself it's like
flopping everywhere
ah this for this someone come another
out there baby
come on you can help me
now to do some inside my house oh yes
that's sick
why is your head good sir static is the
Madonna where is that look at it oh my
gosh o3o go papi back pop you back
great go your Nico go already 2400
obvious I'll go telling you just down
here have you seen mom pop Bobby like
pushing my right away
I'm looking in the fridge
Shogo take your shoes off
where's dad dad someone is just eating
outside I bet I found one
you ready fat wise look a pop a look at
oh you are just me you haven't got them
all no he's got like the heaviest pocket
in the world answers Bobby I can learn
to share poor young earth share mother
in that room neither in that room know
how many there is more than I think mum
I think they might we'll be found they
might look at the front room you only
got one I can still see one out here
George got his socks he's got it alright
we're gonna count how many of you got
pop one two three four five six seven
eight
heat how many of you got was having j-3
oh Jesus six seven nah
Wow mom three three and that's got three
sure go check why why why eight and
seven three vinegar as a wine boy I can
see the last one right everyone come
together come over here everyone is put
some shoes on i.t no no no you don't
need to put shoes on go outside but you
don't need shoes on all right it's on
the door or something horrible thing
it's in here no I'm getting this are we
gonna reach it mum got air alright here
we go
new ones and now you have to make eight
toys on camera you know the most
beautiful on YouTube is toy openings
yeah so here we go
kinder egg opening and assembling Mike
oh whoa you would actually use that
delicious more economist beep yeah I
just made everyone lunch and it's really
nice did you like it
you made everyone lunch yeah what's
written is delicious do you like your
next shot oh it's delicious
there we go tonight your lunch thanks
happy
Zoey you made it I'm pop did you help
and problem later look at this this is
what poppy
oh nice angle probably and Sean got me
Easter it's an egg sandwich look how
sick it looks like a thicket is where
mom and dad's now for
dinner let's get this big old turkey pie
put my chips on that end cuz I'm smart
like that mom and dad a pigeon we've
taken like 20 of the eggs that we hid
earlier Bobby got still there
you're so competitive put it back in
there put it back in LA which is gonna
have some dinner now to sleep good look
at these right game number one we're
gonna play some games game number one is
to guess how many mini eggs I mean this
jar comment down below now how many you
think it's quite good size jar it's
quite a good size jar
I think it's quite it's quite a good
size no no no no no no no no you can't
count no you can't count of course you
can't count let me just say okay I'm not
counting I'm just looking hahaha such a
cheat you know who I poppies could have
the worst answer for this in the world
and I'll tell her she's gonna be like
hundred sixty-four thousand okay how
away you see yeah cuz you already look
at Zoe's sorry to go to a calculator
over the bubble but bubble bubble
bubble-butt bubble but they're right
zobo head what are you going for I'm
gonna go for ninety shaun87
79 online 74 should I tell you waiting
mmm-hmm
if it's 79 if poppy beats you I'm
actually gonna cry with every Jason -
isn't it yeah I guess 90 ready yeah 82
huh
right what did you get 7:05 79
you got three no why did you think I
said 70 for this cause if it were sort
of popping again her rightful place of
laughs yes Populi yeah you didn't win
the last sure one second close with
torture you've made this up I was a
19-15 my god
I don't think joy without Oh what what
we um no I was second with a tender
sorry I'm not having that go mama
hot mom mom ha ha ha eyes about job or
an eye blink as you know simply one of
these or loaded these to give out to
people so what some of them open then
this side past the possible little
challenges join me to do one yeah
looking right so mums workshop took one
of them and what did you get mum a table
placemat make okay no papi you can go
now oh really
I thought it was a coaster probably
gonna have to do
with that's it you didn't get anything
today your movie star crook oh oh we're
gonna have a divorce going down give me
a kidney
look at that mom don't look at mom just
say who your movie star crush is he's a
donor because she's a film star Madonna
did you see yesterday she part naked
pictures on Instagram just my black bars
over her nipples as like a protest
protest against war well I think it's
free the nipple Frida Lucas she had her
bum out in the picture but not you
should not luxury a nipple on Instagram
you can show your bum but not your
nipples there we go
even owners know exactly they go in
Instagram you see a naked
hashtag prima donna shocked you later
put calculator about you boys you got
what is that really now e to the person
next yr wellington boots made of rubber
waterproof a champion to these animals
does not match out of an egg a bird and
elephant or elephant
okay Alfie calm down and then there's
who I'm who had a little lamb mary Shani
playing are you knitting now go team go
to animal usually lives in a bar
yeah just got to the beach just coming
freely all someone's doing like yoga
exercise over there that was me this
morning on my jog boy why do you give
mr. Zoey and dad at home well there's
like a dog meet up over there dad is
preparing pudding and Zoey is editing a
new video that went off in last night
for you guys with Joe super super funny
I've already seen it and but I haven't
got a video for tonight which is
annoying because I fell asleep last
night as meant to film it last night
I've already prepared it all in
everything so I'm going to film it
either tonight or tomorrow and then it
will go up the day you're watching this
hopefully so if it is I leave a link
down below but yeah we just got from
each is such nice under can nice and
sunny it is first wait it is it what's
that
look how lovely good alright we just had
a little Instagram mission taking
pictures on the cameras Zoey's camera
versus larger film trilogy for her vlog
that she's doing today
another time feel like ice my hands are
so cold it's unbelievable but what we
need to head back now mom's up there
somewhere we're buzzed oh just got home
and it's time to put neither to bed and
she's run and jumped into here no no
that's not your bitch I said why we have
so many dog beds everyone like all do
youtubers whenever they come over they
first meet Nala they buy her a dog bed
is that normal thing to buy like a dog
owner I thought a toy would be which we
also have 12 million of I guess they put
you put them in the wash quite a lot and
yeah but also she got she's got a lot
bigger so we bought a couple of new
bigger ones the other day coming them no
you need to go to bed baby
let's get your bed that's not your bed
going them I don't really find a DJ yeah
so I like your hands oh he did this to
us up front yeah
right Easter in the villages why oh my
my easter egg I always loved that we
whenever there's like a celebration mean
like your family and everyone we always
like hang out do it well yeah my family
my kind of do go in on any celebration
any excuse to have like a family hangout
and a meal and everything like that
I mean we didn't we don't just wait
until we're not but like Christmas
Easter Halloween all of that kind of
thing Valentine's Valentine's
Valentine's maybe you're like oh yeah my
parents like stuff like that and my
family we always have anyways guys I'm
gonna in a vogue here if you enjoyed it
give it a good old big old good old gig
ridiger that thumbs up and I always
uploaded to date books yesterday so go
check them out I leave the links to them
down below hopefully as yeah I told them
earlier with Joseph Stern super well go
check that out
what when you have one of these I pour
them in bourbon No oh dude you alright
as you go no how'd you pull the whole
thing up or all in a mixer I know you
pull all in a mixer well that's what the
crease is for isn't it hmmm yeah I don't
bore miss yeah you got to mix that guy
up some people don't some people are
like no it's not about that it's about
mixing it up you just got to go in you
go for it but and yeah hopefully that by
the time this goes up i've also uploaded
a new mention of video which is going to
be a dare video like the most horrible
dares and challenges you guys i've got
all of them written down from twitter
and facebook so i already know i'm going
to do hopefully it's up by now if it's
not it will be up very soon but the aim
is it will be at the same time as this
so I'll leave a link down below I'll get
you tomorrow thanks so much for watching
what we did tomorrow we're gonna go on a
walk I think ah you're buzzing Allah and
my family and yeah I'll see you then
good night
