good morning you can Mowgli see the time
behind me can't you
it's not the morning oh my phone's
ringing my phone is ringing
okay so taxi taxi is outside Sami has
gone to Louise's to celebrate Darcy's
fourth birthday Casper and Joe have left
to go back home they're on their way to
get their hair cut and I am off now at
the beach mark and go to celebrate
daughter's birthday it for example oh
let me turn the light on for you Dean
had to get my hair cut because my hair
and absolute mess under here so I'm
going to go to sound do a little bit
shop and I think I've got like an hour
now nah let's just a sleep in there and
then gonna get my hair cut and then I
don't even know don't know what's gonna
happen I just go into town now guys and
I of course we'd not having my watch on
we'll have 45 minutes until I have to be
up my hair which is like 10 minute walk
down that way so I haven't actually want
that long just wanna try get some new
clothes and get some food cuz I'm their
lunch yeah it's weird
blogging in public this is soon as I'm
in public ages too small
yeah that's good
this is really really soft
I just got my hair cut and I got a new
jacket I don't know if you saw me turn
it when I tried to film some little old
judge film a little short in their
changing room but then it was kind of
weird because I was filming himself
getting changed so I don't know if I
used it or not why I see so many pigeons
I mean casual just actually doing shout
it yeah back with pop in Sean and are we
gonna go for dinner now or should we go
shop in for a bit first I was gonna say
what's the time
haven't got a watch on so I don't know
we gone that half now - the shops closed
should we go shopping do you know why we
go shopping because I lost my wallet and
Papi's got a card in the head just just
then probably is why I like because they
came and met me in the hairdresser's and
I had to pay for my haircut and then pop
it you wanted some light hair
what was it like a hair serum like an
oil for her hair I was like you don't my
pop I can pay for that she was like no
way that cash is mine in fact I'm paying
for your haircut time to come and meet
me and then you know you don't have to
come into town don't worry honestly I
don't mind and then I'm like no wait
actually can you come in because I don't
have a card that works I was kind of
Moaning loads because mum gave me a
credit card that didn't work she does
what she just did another pin to it
what you say like yeah I've got to at
the same looking guards that's why I
gave you the wrong one
I like be sure you still know your pins
to both of your cards it's so safe that
she doesn't even know her own piss does
what Sean just pointed out guys these
two cars here in chat to square you can
win them literally you can win that car
how sick is that
I'll wait I know you God you can win it
for seven days seven days that's the
worst competition in the world
won't you yes literally just going to
tease you you'll try out the car and
then realize our way after you be back
now here we go Jamie
here we go cheese dumpling this is a
freebie today
lemonade like the usual pipe is there
guys look good
this is my favorite ham there guys I got
the world's biggest steak poppy common
as well
Shawn sweet has no idea you got beat
stuff this looks amazing my chest is
feeling a bit better for the last three
days which is really ridiculous
it's met it but yeah a good way
we've been given a random weird shop
where is it musical instrument is this
really bad for my stomach you know
mention oh it's not even a short not
meant to short it you literally just
basic
now guys that was a delicious meal but
I'm so full it is insane I haven't felt
bullying ages because I just can't eat
in the moment right I've got a game that
I want to play NOLA I've never played
this before
we have like a little wall here in the
middle of the house and then it can go
around and back again so I'm going to
try and let make a chase me that was a
good game guys I've been watching Casey
neistat's videos I'm sure you know who
he is he's an awesome filmmaker lives in
New York and there we go you believe
your little chew toy I'm a little bit
our breath and I've been watching his
videos and every morning or most
mornings he goes in like a morning jog
and I think I want to start jogging like
I'm not the fittest person but I think
you just help me like get up in the
mornings wake up getting inspired clear
my brain put on some music and just go
for a job like I'm not very good I
wouldn't be able to jog very far at
first but hopefully everyday get further
and further and further away from the
house and then talk back and further and
job that further and jump back and just
have it as like a fun thing to do I mean
I don't know if it how fun it would be
but I feel like it's something that I
could test out so let me know the
comments have you want me to start going
on jogs although if I don't do it and I
break the deal and I don't go on jogs
don't blame me because you guys know I'm
like also this bit of hair is annoying
me I've been put some product to my hair
yeah time to edit the daily vlog and
then I've got a little baby now they're
just having a little play over here
