good morning guys I have not had enough
sleep
we had like seven hours which is a lot
but considering I had like three hours
last night I am so tired I just woke up
and I looked in the siding on my bedside
table here I'm like Zoe what the hell
why is there a light bulb what have you
done what have you done Zoe you have I
swear my life Zoe saying she didn't put
that there but the weirdest thing it
yeah I heard you talking to me about the
light bulb but the weirdest thing I
think I'm not a hundred percent sure but
I think I dreamt about taking a light
bulb out and there is no light bulb in
that light and then there's the light
bulb there that wasn't there when I went
to bed I would have realized I would
have asked you why is there a light bulb
on my bedside table guys I'm scared I
don't know if I got up in the middle of
the night undid the light bulb and then
put it on there I've never done yeah and
I've never done anything like that in my
life
no I don't think it we should set up
like a camera like paranormal activity
and then see if I get taken over by a
monster demon and start undoing light
bulbs the boys we set one up and then
you see me it's not undoing these light
bulbs on here my last review said it
every single night you undid the minutes
and then put it back in back in and we
one night you just didn't I honestly
think one of the best decisions I've
ever made
it's to get Nala like she is literally
look at her she's so cute it's currently
like 12 o'clock oh so it's just text me
there's oh he's getting a haircut and
she's in been getting it died she's
getting blonde bits put in it's
currently 3 minutes to 12 I'm just gonna
have bed now I'm going to nip into town
and done me Zoe maybe get some lunch I'm
gonna take now aren't I because Phil
wants to meet you Phil's the guy that
cuts mother Zoe's hair and he really
really wants to meet Nala so mrs.
sleepyhead a we're gonna go into town
ah to tell yes yes you're just we're
gonna go to town
hmm let me guess give me a kiss
hey where you going come here
oh let's sit on my face give me kiss me
kiss now they can be kiss she's too busy
to in her little bone
she loves that bone ha ha all right I
need to actually get dressed now
yesterday when I did radio one nope
now that don't jump down just because
I've got off the bed and yesterday when
I did radio one because I got covered in
egg as you saw they went bought me some
new t-shirts and new clothes and they
bought with three new t-shirts so even
though I'll just stop my turn on my
laptop even though only made one t-shirt
dirty they brought me three new ones my
book publishers so thanks guys I got I
got to learn the t-shirt so I might wear
this one today which is that one there
thank you you having a nice stretch
stretchy stretc you say that
so he's still getting a haircut and died
me and Nala just went out for lunch
didn't we just went and got some food
I've got a takeaway so that I can go
back to the hairdresser's
I got it take away so I know my bottle
no yeah
John Casper here now as well but I just
went into gbk but obviously we've got
nyla with us why is yon really opening
by itself and we got Nala with us so we
can't go in there we basically just had
to meet up outside the hairdresser than
outside gbk so many of you guys are in
town today is like how many good block
images matter I reckon only see like 70
I reckon about 72 no you always over
exaggerate no no I don't cream egg
that's all I'm going to do with your
mother idea voice watered I would say
hello everyone I'm a lot too
I'm about to eat cream egg three two one
I'm about to eat a cream egg basically
everyone has been saying that the cream
eggs are no longer Cadbury the chocolate
although they still sit Cadbury Creme
Egg but apparently the chocolate is no
longer Cadbury and the chocolate at the
bottom of the cream is different so I
wanted to test it out you heya oh gosh
okay explode it still tastes like
Cadbury to me
so then this is one of those weird
things where if somebody tells you
something then you're going to start
tasting it different it tastes like a
prepackaged URL enough Gabry own
non-gaap ray what's your verdict
I don't think it's coming I'm saying
Cadbury let me know in the comments if
it's actually changed yet right I want
to buy a musical instrument
I'd like you to buy if you go back to
town what two more Easter eggs why cuz I
bought two for two members of your
family yeah we've even got Easter eggs
from a mum or dad or pop being Sean but
we haven't got two more I'll get you one
and you want me last year I got you
honey you didn't get me one I got you a
sick one last year you pick one that you
really want and I'll pay for it
oh that's a good Chad you know why as
you know I can go tomorrow do you know
what that's good because I'm cuz I
haven't got any cash
I've got any money and I lost my wallet
yesterday didn't I okay well how am I
gonna boil it you should go why um that
place opposite opposite Nana uh oh yeah
check out all the new sold out though no
that's quite a far walk is now because
therapy that's a nunnery Thanks not from
Churchill yep I'm not going to church of
square oh I want to go to Jack I want to
go to where we just remembered the
guitar and keyboard basically guys
pretty shot down as you saw I went to
that actually it wasn't as you talked I
didn't film it wasn't allowed I went to
a jazz night with Louie a couple of
nights ago and I'd not want to start
doing jazz but I want to start playing
an instrument I think apparently just
playing an instrument is really good for
you mentally Zoey to I step away from
like doing work and editing the film and
stuff like that oh and it's my sofa take
off then I don't know if I don't hold
and wet so um yeah so I had the other
day that playing an instrument it's
really really good for you mentally to
just de-stress and relax and just calm
so I wanted buy an instrument and now I
would buy a guitar because everybody
everybody loves a boy that can play
guitar but I just know that I won't keep
it up if I play guitar so what I'm
thinking to do and it's going to turn
out and buying a keyboard
would you play a nice keyboard if I
bought one you know what my thing is
that I've always wanted to do what be
able to play the piano well that's the
same as a keyboard isn't it I know so I
would play so if I bought like a nice
one on a staff Oh Nala
that's not her that's not helping my
stomach pain at the moment is it if I
bought a nice keyboard then would you
like that yeah should I buy a house a
keyboard where is it going to go
realistically in the cozy room over
there by the window we've got that big
gap now I do have one issue of a
purchase in the corner or over there
one issue purchasing the keyboard I lost
my wallet
Hey so I think you're gonna have to pay
for it on one condition what you get the
Easter eggs sorry I need we need four
altogether
oh well - for two members of your family
well most me
I'm offer you so you'll pay for your own
Easter Egg you can get pen strokes
should we get a pet one foot I'm not
gonna boss a pet shop though there
should be so if they're not somewhere in
the lanes it's like a cute little
chocolate shop there must be I don't
I'll have a look know that do you want
an easter egg do you want some chocolate
do you want some chocolate chocolate
chocolate
you know yesterday on the radio used to
pop he only likes white chocolate she
did I know she started going crazy at me
yesterday
apparently lemon I'm 8 I only liked what
I choose I'd surely like white chocolate
because I didn't get a white chocolate
egg but now how early now she likes all
job there you can't just change your
taste we might like a Montezuma's not my
you bite in your leg
Monty Monty Doody that's not no she's
bitin yourself you think I'm Montezuma
chocolate yeah thanks you'd like quite
hey do you know I won on a solid Easter
egg so that full-size but just solid
solid yeah long story short do it thing
you got the same size head now you look
like a goldfish right now look like a
cop um yeah so I'm gonna go to town I'm
going to try my keyboard without a
wallet I'm gonna try and buy some Easter
eggs for that wallet
my money maybe you don't have your cards
either I do know you don't
yes I do I've got a credit um credit
card you have a credit card it came with
my situation of a credit card bank
account because they advise that it's
better to buy things like washing
machines on a credit card
what about things like piano alright not
a piano not buying a piano mean a
keyboard combat the grand piano like got
a bit carried away I don't I don't even
know how much they are I could walk in
and then they're like really expensive
and I'm like no way am i buying that so
I mean well I'm not buying it you're by
the keyboard now on a Friday afternoon I
mean why not or do I get a guitar no
because realistically will I learn
guitar no well I'm a keyboard is like
fun like people come round anyone who
comes around completely keyboard that's
what I mean nah do I get it or not I
mean am I gonna have to get a keyboard
seat you know like a drum seat course
you are
this is gonna cost you a lot of money I
don't know how much they are back and
why it's gonna be your Easter press AG
I've got online banking so I could pay
you up online later on tonight yeah I
really like anything yet yeah I like it
with a blonde in it look like a beach
chick I swear that was like do you
remember those dolls are like groovy
chick know if you saw if you saw it I
was probably wasn't born you're older
than me no papi would have done
groovy jet to that big heads name is
Fifi goodness so he's looking up groovy
check show them and literally as Oh show
me one and I was like I remember that
so-called bang on the door and I had so
many of them I had the ones I think they
had a little sucker so you could stick
them to your window oh my god I remember
like they were everywhere yeah bang on
the door was like the biggest thing when
I was younger
oh no I'm sorry this is how it is I just
and do that really really really like
soulful like really go for it can do an
interpretive dance to good life
we are off to the casino these guys all
film videos today I didn't film anything
I'm so bad and you weren't attack your
film tomorrow yeah okay wake up at 9:00
9:00 fire back from the casino officer
can film in there because you're not
allowed Jose come away up tonight the
main cast were both lost
Batman mesocycle down to zero damn he'll
step away now the girls and cars and
guns saw it it's such a bit alright I
hope you enjoyed today guys if you did
give it a thumbs up I'm gonna end the
vlog down here because Marlins already
asleep upstairs and needs but not
internet so when I see you tomorrow how
are you you leave it oh oh yeah yes yes
usually you love it what time now you
have to be there three dengue three was
how long waiting to get back right now
Chucho minutes we leave you're on twelve
movie a spies I may have one of the
casino tonight but Alfie one with those
football cards oh yeah really
there we go your viewers never I was I
you guys mother don't you can see in
Joe's Rob Jones daily vlog topic
description JoJo's daily blog daily
volunteer hold on II in there can
definitely not that cakes gonna be like
solid broiler hard work piece of art
yeah you could you can splode that my
ebay leave my house of ice of course you
can thanks just drink it straight from
there if you want actually would you
gotta have a set ready gone man Jose no
Jose is your thick awesome syrup
alright I'm gonna give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll
catch you tomorrow good night
