you just sneezed Oh hope this breakfast
is it right there
oh we're matching today I didn't even
realize good morning guys good morning I
kind of put hair spray not gel or
hairspray in my hair whilst my hair was
still wet this morning just a little bit
crazy today just ignore that really
early for some reason this morning and I
wanted to get up with her and go for a
walk but you know when you're just like
half awake and half asleep as I was I'm
gonna take not half a really early walk
this morning we're going to go through
the woods and you want to come and I was
like no my head not wanted to say yeah
but for some reason because I was so
tired my mouth said no my brain was
telling me my brain said no my heart
said yes but my heart can't speak so I
didn't end up going on the walk and it
was just Larry and Nala and then I
didn't go no no sad but I - our and
we've got ready for the day and I've
just come down
I have already messed up my hair as I
just told you because I kind of put hair
spray and it was wax I couldn't wait and
also because Joe still asleep and the
hair drivers in Joe's room so I couldn't
go and use the hair dryer
we should buy another one for when
guests day oh no I've got crazy hair and
now just coming upstairs and Zoe has
made pastries this morning we've not
hello in the middle and some of them
have a crunchy spread no I didn't give
you though I need to have my braces up
you know meet where my braces like a
minty good I've only had a coffee this
morning but this is my breakfast and all
there is out of it like absolutely out
of it because she's knackered she's
knocked from the walk this morning
haha he's quite hot yeah yeah
mmm-hmm isn't it delicious yeah I gave
you the best one too
mmm doing but my one no I'm just eating
one crunchy one look at the now tell her
in there hard make no you just wrap a
little go up in the middle and then wrap
their thinking around it is that pre
made of old pastry yeah yeah I'm movin
up yeah so I've been speaking recently
about this Blumenau forgotten the name
of it pilot this pilot episode for some
that know hopefully coming to you guys
fairly soon and about recording the
first ever or not the pilot coming soon
but the first episode coming soon hey
get in the morning backflip in today is
gonna be the day that we shoot the
episode so I'm just sorting out the
space and preparing it for the recording
this is kind of like the decider like
today goes well then it's gonna happen
and it'll come out in the future not
this exact one this is the pilot which
basically means it's like a practice but
you do it sorry
murderbreath from running on my back
there you film the pilot exactly the
same as you would the real one but this
one kind of is just like a test to edit
a test to film and test to do testing
the setup and the equipment but it never
really goes anywhere like doesn't ever
go online or out on TV or out and
wherever you're putting out so today is
that like exciting test episode and if
all things go good and we like the
outcome and assume we record the real
one and I'm just testing for their plot
to find a memory card that is the exact
right size to be able to record what I
need I thought I put it here evidently I
did not
we should go in your little bar or we're
picking stuff up okay
he's drivin we're currently heading off
oh my gosh the car is so clean I said in
my vlog that we're not two days ago I
was like if I could bottle with this
smell and put it in a candle it's like
cleaning but I know it's kind of like
the stuff you you after you look at us
today we imagine it's kind of like the
stuff you polish your shoes wear this
it's not that's why I like it shoe
polish
I like this menu polish not in a weird
way just in a normal way I don't know if
it's normal anyways we recorded the
pilot it went super well and obviously
that's the pilots that isn't ever gonna
come out or go anywhere but it does give
me hope that the project will one day
soon be a thing
I feel really embarrassed now now we've
got matching t-shirts on by accident
like legit box then currently in
Waitrose looking for some good pumpkins
for a video that were filming on Sean's
channel today yeah this big one
oh good boy yeah everyone do you want a
small one size doesn't matter okay
go on then oh okay of course you like
the one at the back at the bottom
today
we've gone a little bit overboard we've
got one two three four five six seven
pumpkins this is what I'm talking about
they've got a new one new spice tea
crunch roll salmon spicy control Joe
wants the chicken one chicken Oh Joe
thank you so much
oh that's good
pretty good that is ridiculous I need to
put this back somewhere yeah after being
kicked off to being cued to go and buy a
drill doing those adult jobs those adult
tasks you know buying a drill set one of
them 70 different bits this brands
really good yeah oh let's get this guy
two-handed this is the guy so we're just
getting things to carve pumpkins with
for Sean's video we're buying a drill as
well it's cuz we're we're quite
competitive as well we want we want the
best pumpkins look at this spider outfit
we'll just come in to pets at home and
then we've got a little Halloween toy as
well all right come on the reason one
bar here is for four big guinea look at
these two cuddled up together boy gone
boy go on Usain Bolt we're just some
pack to all of the shop in nylons
currently are nice full enough put show
the me little spider outfit she
literally couldn't care less and we've
got so much food this is for dinner as
well probably and Sean are coming over
and we got a little salad green juices
camembert
I don't one now one meter brilliant idea
which died oh yeah
we started decorating this room and here
we've had to move about all the the
velvet chairs because we don't want
these ruined in the video and we've got
what the table decorated the stores for
me Zoey popping Sean for Sean's video
the backdrops all done she wants bring
in a load of stuff as well and exciting
yeah
poppy is very competitive if you've
never ever seen a soppy is out the cloud
you will know the poppy gets a little
bit into it tries a little bit too hard
shall we say I don't think I've had not
dating today's vlog Joe how's your
stomach have you peed yet and have you
fired yet Joe's just been doing yoga on
how to pitch you to pay any wind if you
saw yesterday's blog you'll know that I
went out last night to try and find Joe
some windi's to make him far and now he
also apparently needs help PO industries
looking at yoga on how to pay this is
just what we go up to on a weekend just
uploaded yesterday's vlog if you haven't
already seen it go check it out that's
the most Jojo Cup ever her and he's not
poppy and Shaun and then there's no one
there honestly your joke hanging out
with the songs is too much for me you
vote for me it's not too late Zoe Joe
and I just sat
to record a clip for Zoey's vlog all
about hello world which I've told you
about in the vlogs before I've told you
on social and on Instagram and on
snapchat and everything kind of over how
blonde my hair is and we're about to
record another version for Joe's vlog
and then for this vlog here we don't
want to say the same thing repeat it
again so I'm going to insert clip now
that zoe filmed of us three this second
but i just want to explain why i always
holding the camera because she filmed it
and I've just stolen it and put it into
the block okay enjoy I thought it would
be nice because so many of you are
attending hello world they're all going
to be there there are still tickets left
if you want to come I will leave links
in the description box but it's gonna be
freaking amazing and I've got my own
little Zoe's winter garden which I'm so
excited for you to see because it is
like the most elaborate cool thing you
have ever seen and Joe is gonna be there
what you doing well you know me I'm a
little prankster you know I know you
want to get way too much but I'm gonna
be I'm gonna be dipping in and out of
different things joining people on stage
with certain things I'm doing like a
meet-and-greet there that's supposed to
be pretty fun yeah I'm really really
excited I've got books items there
that's what I mean yeah book signings
but I'm I'm sure I can sign some of your
books too if you bring some along I'm
doing a merch meet-and-greet as well
I'll try and stuff and the great stores
SEO guys matches there as well what kind
of thing can people expect cuz I feel
like a lot of people are like I want to
get tickets but I don't know 100% what's
happening there it's I want to read from
the floor plan I could no pictures on
screen now can i I don't know when we're
allowed to put them up I don't know when
we might be able to we might be allowed
to put something with us so everything
on poster the poster it means there's
really cool elements to look at that
event we there's a really cool elements
this event which have never been done in
any other event in the UK that I have
ever been to anyway before and it's
gonna be really interactive it's kind of
a new cool way of meeting some of your
favorite youtubers or
I mean there's so many people come in go
and check the website to see if someone
you love is going in Birmingham it's on
the 28th and the 29th there's still
tickets available so make sure you grab
some if you want to be a part of this
crazy event I feel like if you don't get
tickets and go you're gonna see it
online and be really annoyed at yourself
that you're like not that serious FOMO
the sunday day happy that falls in line
with socks under as well so that means
it makes it extra special Sunday's me
special ice Atlee special but also
Sunday yeah don't forget our Sunday yeah
there's two days to get any tickets for
one day check if there's tickets
available if you can get like two gets
for the second half of each day yeah and
also I try to explain it's not a
meet-and-greet like even if you wanted
to go and see Zoe and you didn't manage
to you have some reason the event itself
is so sick that doesn't matter you know
you hang in just to queue up to meet
people the photo
I meant book signing is fun event yeah
the focus isn't on the creators the
focus is on like you guys as much as it
is on us so it's like we want you to
have the best experience there whether
you see Joe or Alfie or not the chances
of you being able to see them are
obviously very high because we're there
but the music festival yeah music when
you buy the ticket before you even get
before the list is announced you're like
even if there isn't people there who I
absolutely love I'm still gonna have a
fun time cuz the festival is fun well I
would agree this year not everyone want
to go and see I mean eyes did see if I
want to go and see but I'm not on my
list but I said doing other fun stuff
that's going on there yes what what
happened that'd be so many other thing
is going on that a lot of time you you
will forget that we're even probably
there and it's also an amazing
opportunity to make friends I've seen
quite a few people going oh I'm nervous
to go because it's just me on my own and
don't forget there will be so many other
people that are on their own as well and
you're all there to have fun and make
friends and I think it's going to be a
really amazing opportunity for everybody
to be so cool to be they all have one
thing in common that you like watching
youtubers and other people from social
media being people there from other
platforms as well yeah cool
well
if I can put images of what this will
roughly look like on the screen I will
do it now look at the images look how
cool they look guys don't they look cool
look how cool they look get your tickets
28th and 29th of October Birmingham
Genting Arena you won't want to miss
anything
Genting I say Genting yeah there is I
always say that okay yeah perfect see
that in the description come along
Saturday and Sunday how much does your
arm ache really it also just point out
Sunday weekly what we will rehearse by
Sun exact and Sunday though I know I was
gonna say I know I was gonna say even if
you see the schedule of the day you see
the floor plans you see the pictures and
everything there are so many secret
things happen yeah and I really really
want to explain that they are secret you
there isn't a way of finding out there
will be so many like meet-and-greet
opportunities and things that you can't
get tickets to you can't buy tickets you
like could find them you could be given
them you like there's so many secret
things happening at this event that you
could be walking around and then the
crazy happens ever and like Jose in
front of you but like you wouldn't
notice like it's hard to explain
no it's not gonna be there unfortunately
no but she's got a row you are human
would you come to hello world
yes we're really excited to meet you and
see you and more importantly I just know
that you'll have a really really good
time I've got you don't you i hello are
you saying
setting up for sure in his video has
someone's stolen my pumpkin got to pick
my pumpkin for Sean's video though those
guys have already picked I feel like
they've taken the best ones this is a
good one this is my boy this is my
pumpkin we've finished filming the video
everyone's outside
we're just lighting the pumpkins take
your pictures of them time to voting on
Twitter suffice everyone a look at my
lawn Zoey's little pug whine the back of
mines Oh II made the chief when yours
next six yawn yeah there Zoe Zoe's pug I
got your present bless your eyes
oh no I showed a little bit of that and
a vlog the other day that's they're
still coming your Easter present it's
still coming it's coming though close
your eyes pop we've got a present for
you there you go
you go pop look some healthy snacks for
now we haven't opened the source box in
a while
we haven't done it in a while if they've
been missing from the vlogs recently we
haven't been doing the sauce box opening
so we didn't want to open them off of
the camera so we've got four boxes now
so why don't we open a couple tonight
Sean's posing for my thumb now probably
if you want to getting a dog my life has
changed recently
it goes partly as
thank you all my steaks Oh having a dog
I mean I haven't had a baby so in no bar
from what I've spoken to people about
having a dog is like a baby that can run
and it can't worry nappy but it would be
replaced by you never leave the house
without to make sure you also the dog I
could rock that I would have every baby
gadget you can get I was going to say
with the dog it never goes up so you can
have a dog for 15 years and you still
can't leave it for more than four hours
if you had a 15 year old you believe
more than four hours you don't mean do
you think why don't you sign it for my
dog ate
well um via via mums today just to
casually mate you don't drive past mom's
to get here did I just a console cuz old
Chao catch you tomorrow see you tomorrow
bye no bloody how you bring enough hard
drives down with you how many of you go
it's like midnight and tucked up in bed
and I'm just like beyond tired I'm gonna
fall asleep any second so I'm going to
end the vlog here if you've enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you're excited
for the new project I can't like tell
you what it is the pilot that we
recorded earlier went really really well
and we learned a lot about what I have
in my head what I want it to be like and
having Jo and Zoey as the first guest
for the pilot of course that's not ever
gonna go out anywhere it was just like a
test but do you feel like we learned a
lot earlier about how I want the thing
to go when there is the real one coming
out which will hopefully be fairly soon
we've got a super exciting day tomorrow
and when I say that I really really mean
that we will be the first people in the
world doing something tomorrow something
crazy with mum and dad and even the
doggies poppy and Sean Zoe to get
excited for tomorrow's vlog and yeah
subscribe if you're not already link
down below to my merch if you want to
check it out
let's see how many thumbs up we can get
this video leave a lovely comment and I
got you the money you can I guess
Hey
