good morning guys it's 7:30 in the
morning
no he's fast asleep I've got to go you
have to go there really are one now so
I'm all dressed and all up we've got
three hours sleep last night I'll
explain why later ridiculous like I'm so
tired
I got a fun day right I'm not gonna tell
you exactly what I planned today because
I don't want to ruin anything exciting
but first of all my chest does still her
I'm still in a lot of pain so if I'm not
as exciting it's like as normal
that's just because I'm in pain
constantly but I'm sure you understand
today I've got crazy and I have exciting
things to do
Radio 1 the cameras are going on because
my co-host for the morning is here I
would do like an egg challenge I've been
given address I feel like I should hold
an egg and then if you get it wrong yeah
okay okay
I'm saying yeah I don't know if this is
gonna crack 100% it hurts okay
crack on my hands is 90 was like granite
I'm laying 24th of September 2013 12
when he said oh I think I know this yeah
okay thousand five cuz it's their
10-year anniversary yes okay give me my
second question what is Taylor Swift's
full name what's her middle name I
literally have no honking it I'm gonna
make up Sunday I'm just gonna go up like
Alison or some day hypertext transfer
radio one is over guys and I'm back at
my hotel just had a shower because as
you saw the egg crackin got crazy and I
got so so messy like so much I eat
everywhere I've had to send like two
people to go and get me some new clothes
because I can't carry on doing
interviews and TV stuff today
going close the stink of egg and then
covered in egg so at the moment the only
thing I've gone that's in jeans they're
clean
buying a t-shirt I can't do an interview
topless because once we've got eggwin
over them but I couldn't put too much of
the radio show in because obviously it's
on radio so I didn't want to ruin it and
put it all in my blog for you guys but
I'm sure there'll be some where you can
listen back don't google it or something
like that I'm sure so maybe some iPlayer
or something I don't know
so much fun I was on for an hour and a
half I was already a one that is long
normally when people got really at one
they're just on for like five minutes
ten minutes I had an hour and a half
because I was closed and so it's so cold
now I don't even know what I'm off to
now I don't even know interview so cough
all I know is I've got interviews all
day and my press stuff but don't know
what it is so I need to get dressed how
I need to do my hair look at my hair cuz
I'm all egg in there anyways let's go
this is where I started my vlog but I'm
back leaving the hotel room for the
second time today and I'm all dressed
and I'm all ready and off to small more
things to do
I love another car guys and now off to
another studio kind of place I haven't
really even them to film too much
because a lot people obviously don't
want me to film one doing because then
it'll give it out early and also I've
been doing a lot of like radio shows and
things like that that I'm not allowed to
film or say that I was doing them
certain different reasons but once it
all starts my life I'll tell you what it
is and how you can tuning and watch it
listen to it and stuff like that trust
me I'm doing a lot and all the
interviews and press and everything is
done guys it's half past four I'm about
to wet myself and I'm also about to fall
asleep so I just go into the office and
look who is here
hello my sweetness books by them now
elutes below I didn't do that it's like
everyone's getting confused by the blue
one this one here I thought I'd give the
American viewers something cool so
they've got a blue cover and then every
other country has this cover and it's
the same book though my nails they're
like mermaids nails
one minute want this struggling to focus
this damn camera the theme Kimura I know
people are gonna ask how you do it there
we go one layer of white and then you
get like Pikmin and dot the pigment on
it whilst the whitest a little bit wet
and then when that dries you do just a
little bit of glitter and then go over
with a topcoat and they're smooth even
though you can see the glitter can I say
the f-word they're smooth other
last-minute change of plan guys
basically trains were being such an
effort I thought you know what I'm near
London so he was hang out the Stoney
journeys we've got like a group text and
we were all text and say let's hang out
so I just jumped out with three bridges
and Zoey to come to pick me up and we've
got an island with us as well and we're
just going to go spend the evening with
us Coney Joan it's they don't even live
near here so we just never pick me up on
the right so
yeah
turn around behind you behind you we
have to pick up to punch the air like
fish pump the air no he's time guys
finish it
shaky-shaky thank you everywhere
what's up they're not dying you guys
shooting proper I am with a coma from
every direction
Oh
alright guys I'm finally back in bed
after the longest day in the world
last night I went to bed at 4 a.m. then
I woke up and like quarter past 7:00 so
I'm literally three hours sleep and then
I can't even describe how many different
infusions just some of them I can't
remember all of them some of them radio
one for an hour-and-a-half radio 4 for
an hour BBC news beat for 45 minutes MTV
for 45 minutes for music for 45 minutes
I don't even know there was so many
different things that I did today it was
in sane and then on the way back because
the trains were messing up and I didn't
even tell you guys but I lost my wallet
so I couldn't buy a train ticket to get
home so I borrow money off of a friend
and there to get cash out for me so I
was on the train I've got now I've got
no wallet now so had to cancel my credit
cards and I said credit I've even got a
credit card
cancel my debit card and so now I have
no way it's getting money over the bank
holiday I think I mean after that
foreign money or sorry or my mom or
something like that but yeah today was
good so so productive it's currently one
o'clock in the morning and we just got
back is it two o'clock no it's not two
o'clock in the morning we just got back
from saucony Jolie's had such a lovely
evening there oh my gosh I'm gonna crush
so hard thanks for watching today guys I
don't even know what I filmed because
I'm not whenever I depressed stuff I'm
not really allowed to film too much
I hope you enjoyed what you saw if
you're glad that I'm back vlogging give
the video a thumbs up for those of you
that are asking and worrying and stuff
please don't worry about me
I haven't had all my test results yet
for this annoying chest stomach pain
thing but I'm back on antibiotics to fix
the acid reflux which is apparently
something I've got which is bloomin
annoying cuz it hurts so bad whenever I
eat
it's basically stomach acid goes up into
my saw fergus like this thing up here
and burns it an ish acid shouldn't be
going up there so every time I swallow
an IE or a drink acid when my stomach
goes up and burns me lovely so nice is
now thank you so much stomach you're
doing a good job but yeah so I will
catch you tomorrow with a new vlog
that's good I like being back logging
and stuff so I'll see tomorrow guys
thank you so much watching good night
