good morning guys now Jake in this isn't
it definitely isn't more who technically
is actually the morning the time is 1:30
4:00 in the morning now this isn't a
daily vlog I'm currently London with
Larry yeah Luigi's actually here at the
country at the river we just went to a
late-night jazz night that evening kind
of thing
but um something that came up today and
they add my book published just called
blink emailed me like Alfie have you
shown the people in your videos what
your book actually has to offer and I
was like I don't think I have I haven't
really told you guys too much about my
book all I've told you is that my second
book is now out for sale loads of your
fort is officially from today is number
one in the charts this week which is
insane like absolutely incredible so
thank you so much with us for so far but
I just thought I'd show you if you don't
already know but you've got the book or
if you don't have the book and you want
to know more about it before you
purchase it or anything like that each
one in a bit more I thought I'd tell you
more about my book so this is my book
here these are a couple of the pages not
going to show you too much of the pages
I wanted to show you that app though
where I just put my phone I was down
here because basically as you know Emma
Watson is my background sorry about that
sorry no serious note though Zoe
actually sent me that picture of Emma
Watson like this bitch your honor so
thank you sorry for the background
basically I've got a new app with this
book as you know on the first book I had
this run here at the pointless book app
and now I have the pointers book app -
if you click here it opens up a dorm
come on there we go there we go it's got
like loads of exclusive videos that
aren't on my youtube channel here we go
that it looks like this when you open up
bit like the first one and then
obviously you find a page that you need
to scan say for example I was showing
Louie a cool one earlier where's the
shoe one here here design your own
trainer so basically what you do is you
color this in and you design it I don't
have a pen Louie do you have a pen until
it is hoed oh here we go
whoo here we go right I've got a pen can
you come and hold my camera for me right
what shall I draw net I draw a star I
mean that's definitely what I'd want
inside of my show yes so that definitely
is what else should I draw a heart to
heart to something about thanks there we
go right I draw some right pattern up
here little hashtag yes I mean I've just
ruined that page it could have actually
drawn something cool can I basically and
then you press scan this page you hold
it over and then it pops up with a shoe
it recognizes that can they see that
yeah yeah yeah and then once you hold
that over here press that button it
renders the image and now you've got the
shoe that we drew like on there and if
you move your phone I don't know if that
can they see that look and you can let
go in and look at the shoe and it's in
like it's in the air like you can look
inside there spin the page look they sit
and look at look at the exercise of the
shape that is what LT just drew in the
paper
it's got loads of cool things like that
and then obviously it's got things like
let's find one now where's a random one
with it on the corner
here stick a childhood photo here and
then that there is my childhood photo
awesome
I mean don't I just look call my 10th
birthday so yeah basically it's going
loads of cool things like that yeah
they're just a couple of things that
obviously there's so many more cool
things to have app like there's videos
that aren't on youtubers have said
they're like without the youtubers as
well some really exciting news guys for
the first time ever I am running a
digital competition it's basically like
competition within my book and you will
need a copy of my book and a copy of the
pointless book to app to be able to
enter there is a limited number of
golden tickets hidden within the book
now not physical golden tickets they're
digital but from wherever you are in the
UK and Ireland and I'm sorry that it is
only UK and Ireland but it has to be
feasible and possible but you will get
to hang out with me well that came up
weird hang out now listen to this bit
though because it is super important I'm
gonna have to read it off my phone so
that I don't get it wrong you will need
to copy the pointless book and a
download of the pointless book to app
and be ready on the 8th of May between 7
p.m. and 9 a.m. so on the 8th of May 7
p.m. and 9:00 a.m. as this is the only
time that these tickets will be live ok
and I'm going to tell you on the 8th of
May what you need to do to be able to
find out if you're golden to get winner
so I can't really tell you much all I
can tell you is that if you live in the
UK and Ireland and you have a copy the
book and you haven't got with app and
you're available on the 8th of May then
you're in the chance of being flown or
driven or put on a train or whatever
from wherever you live to come and hang
out with me for a day 10 of you up to 10
of you again have the chance and it's
going to be cool I'll make sure that we
do so
fun like we can go and get Nando's or we
could go on the p.m. in Brighton or we
could take Nala for a walk I mean that's
quite boring actually but I don't know
whatever you guys want to do we can do
something fun and they'll be up to ten
of you winning so make sure that you
have your copy of the book before the
8th of May to enter to win the
competition I'm so excited it's gonna be
so so cool but yeah I hope you enjoyed
this short little video
Olivia's bopping his head he's editing
over there that is my book in a nutshell
obviously there was so much more cool
stuff to do it's basically similar to
book number one but I personally think
even better and especially because the
app is so cool
but yeah just something to do when
you're bored something to fill out a bit
of fun to have with your friends someone
to look back on when you're older I
don't know you guys get the idea let me
know if you buy copy tweet me I've been
literally favorited non-stop for the
last five days since my book came out
people who tweet me pictures with the
book so if you have a copy tweet me a
picture of the book my voice is going
weird it's so late and I'm so tired I've
got to be up at 7 o'clock tomorrow or
today today in like 5 hours
I've got busy dad I'm going to daily
vlog so right sorry that this wasn't a
daily vlog I hope you still enjoying it
I'm gonna start daily vlogging again
even though my chest is playing out my
chest and my stomach I've still got that
weird illness thing it's not even an
illness I don't even think it's like an
acid reflux also I don't even know I
will find out soon from the doctors with
the results but anyways guys thank you
so much watching if you enjoyed this
short little rambling video about my
book give the video a thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow properly with
another daily vlog so good night
