good morning guys may poppy the first
ones up and we've literally just said
feels like haven't even slept at all and
I was up as exactly narrow goes up it
it's ten to eight now I was up at ten to
seven six rollers and toilet oh you are
Azura is like fast asleep up there yeah
and she woke when the middle of the
night to go to the toilet not so where
you going we going
she was out to the toilet as I know
you've never met a building before heavy
a dollar is a little bit scared of
balloons you've just found out because
she just likes to fight them watch watch
Oh what's happening come here pick it
out
why we need to put with a breakfast hour
everything that is Kurt did it books and
yeah I know she doesn't to go the
decorations no no no no no they were
young
no no oh she's pimping was she doing
Harley you meant to say happy birthday
go on go on there we go
oh she doesn't like it she's scared
she's you fighting limit come
down here she can't get past come on
come on
Nullah what's this ah it's 9:00 a.m.
guys we're waking up we're wait for
marks menu
Wow this is a friend okay Cathy this is
so good
oh right sorry it's open to our presents
who finished breakfast and everything
I'll get ya happy
yes and then we just turned on the TV to
watch catfish and look who's on our even
weirder those I really want to see the
one with higher honor
kiona is no Facebook top look right
update time was that wonderful we are in
Lewis as oh Easter doesn't know where
she's going for lunch I'm just driving
three you've never been to this before
have you Lewis's four sections yeah we
go Richards but good oh they're close in
tonight now
it reminds you of Balamory so this is
where we are coming I've never been here
before myself
I still look nice online excited you're
right there mark
Conan buh-bye we settle down the food
has arrived the exactly delicious does
that get surprised this is the best
surprise I've ever had and this is his
head compare I can see it's gotten
fatter we've also got off ninety and
stuff in the middle yeah my new number
I think I'll finish your thumb tell me
what device cuz I'm leaning toward look
this is the rest I'm flattered Anguilla
anyway just saw it did it all click
hello on your block almost
oh oh that's take her take care chip
cheerio cowabunga my left cowabunga
though I keep smelling out beep at a
like weird you for me anyway cheerio
cheerio Tata
are you ready Darcy you got to jump
really high you've got to touch all the
way up there
go did you do it let's try again three
two one jump good
Julia finished up now guys that is the
aftermath and everyone's leaving we're
jumping in some taxis and cars and all
gonna go back to us
did you have a good time did you give me
all of it oh no sweetie
Oh
there we go goodbye I forgot candles
guys so we put it in no it's not that's
my camera I should put in some of these
hey please can you move in a cold handle
very well by way wait do you wanna like
do you want to do it so okay I'll do it
then he's gonna is it fire how am I
meant to get all three I've done of
times the most sensible one tonight I
have to do all three do that one then
that one then that one I'll show you
look sighs Oh time at one time
here we go you have to do them all quick
burn aside a bit too tough it way better
inspected
happy birthday this is a very well-known
cake in the middle and the middle way we
need to play oh it's not coming very
well
oh yeah that's good Oh diggity dog when
you do that in the bake-off hey that's
just a sprinkle of glitter haha oh cool
I want a girl to win this is quite
possibly Lewis back at the party ring
yeah there you go
a party ring bang Thank You Darcy hi
guys more tucked up into bed now I know
I didn't film as much as I would have
liked to have today but it's just one of
those days where I've got to enjoy it in
person just as much as film it and I'm
sure that you've got to see this from
like 12 different angles or something so
you're not missing out between
everyone's videos you've got to get a
good picture of the day did you have a
nice time
yeah I need to take a MakerBot so girly
looks so weird right now you have a good
day though where the surprises are
surprised it's honestly the best
birthday I've ever had yeah yeah was it
was shot like did it shock you I had no
idea like no idea how did you - thanks
so good I'm so good it's so hard to be
able to keep secrets for me as well I
feel like you're like a detective yeah
I'm such a detective normally but you
you well and truly like Alfie made me
believe he did she didn't know what we
did for lunch I'd like to know where do
you want to go
that's so good acting like he's not
planning anything he's just like oh I
don't really know like I was like oh we
should really plan so he's got he's like
you've got really high hopes and I'm
like oh like in my head I'm like we're
not doing anything we're birthday oh so
good right I'm gonna go vlog here guys
I'm so tired
thank you so much watching today if you
enjoyed it comment a blues in having
birthdays I didn't do the video thumbs
up and I'll get you tomorrow also I
should probably say sorry that there
wasn't a main Channel video today
because I've just been
bizzy's want everything for this and my
chests been playing up like loads I'm
still today in so much pain it's not as
much my chest it's more I think it might
have been where they took one of the
biopsies it's like just below my rib
since I'm really strong whenever I eat
like every meal I have everyone who I'm
with is always like are you okay no Matt
yeah it just hurts so much
I get so sore apparently that can happen
after having the camera down your throat
for a couple of days it's really really
sore and war and because you damage the
tissue or something like that I don't
know anyways I hope you guys understand
that there wasn't a main channel really
this week and I will try and get one up
as soon as I possibly can I'm not just
slacking and yeah
I love you and I'll see you tomorrow
good night
