good morning guys I'm starting the vlog
at like 3 p.m. and I have been awake
since about 20 past 7:00 this morning
maybe even earlier than that you know
and but my throat and my chest felt
really like war and saw this morning
like last night it felt absolutely fine
it was a little bit sore my throat but
that was there this morning I woke up
and it's been really really hurting and
I don't know this thing went absolutely
perfectly fine yesterday they took two
biopsies running my esophagus and one in
my upper bound I think it was just
because they didn't see anything that
they were like worried about they just
took them just to check he told me
before we're going to take two boxes and
I'll let you know if I see anything and
then when we came out he was I didn't
see anything that would like shocked me
or scared me a little completely normal
to me but we checked the two boxes like
I said so this morning
obviously having the Royal thing to pull
down my stomach we booked it out you
know it's fill a bit war bit sore this
morning so having something locking I
want to show you what we've got in the
garden now I'm going to try and show you
without showing you where we live
because I don't want that but I'm sorry
bought this really cool piece of
furniture like look at this then you can
put the two tables on the outside and
these like slide in and then it's like a
double bed and these clothes as well so
in here it's like this on both sides and
it's like an awesome like bed thing I
don't know it's so sick coming the
another inside another good girl um let
me close that yeah I'm off to town now I
need to order a taxi I'll tell you why
when I get there can't tell you now
because
because OE is there hey I'm just
blogging why why can't I thought oh
you're just in a bra and yeah I need
you're just acting I'm off to town right
I didn't film anything in town because I
was rushing around like mad and also
getting stopped by tons of you guys well
my lens is doing that I need to buy a
new camera please remind me and but I
can show you some of the things that
I've got for Zoey for her birthday
because this has gone up to mine so she
would have already seen them so the one
thing the main thing that I went to pick
up in town
obviously I've already got all her
presents and I've just been upstairs
wrapping them all now well you have even
got a card from gnarley' for her because
she was like I hope no he gives me a
card not like being serious I think my
on the outside I was like I mean is that
a thing I had already got one I'm such a
good boyfriend she wanted so badly a
rainbow cake now I've already known this
that ages because she show me pictures
on Pinterest
I'm soulless because my new breath is
she showed me pictures on Pinterest but
today she was I've read on a rainbow
Kade by now I've asked you to lay Alfie
because it's tomorrow already got that
done look got custom made massive for 12
people rainbow cake in the insiders all
like this this is some of the inside
sprinkled on the top I'm just so for
them again also I've got organised this
is the one of the main things obviously
I've got a lots of little presents as
well and stuff like that by organized
because she really really wants to just
have a nice day more than the presents
so I've organised like I'm sorry if I
forget anybody I've literally been
rushing and all day Marcus Naomi poppy
Shaun me Zoe
Ciccone Jolie's Louise Casper Joe Jim
Tania Joe or he said him friend J loads
of people to all surprise her and be at
this place for lunch I've got this I
booked a room with a terrorist's out of
this really really beautiful place about
20 minutes from Brighton and so tomorrow
marks Gnomeo stay over tonight and so my
sister and her boyfriend my sister and a
boyfriend are going to pretend that they
can't have
with us tomorrow they're going to go
decorate the venue like birthday stuff
I've already bought with the decorations
or pastel colors online and then then
I'm going to say all Zoe I've actually
put somewhere for lunch for me you marks
know me let's go there now let me give
you the postcode you drive there then
when we get there
I've already arranged everybody to get
the half now before us so we're going to
walk in the room and they'll be like
ciccone Jolie's Casper Joe Marcus Jim
Tania Louisa everybody already in there
which is she's going to be so shocked
and she loves her favorite meal is like
afternoon tea so I know she is going to
be so excited and then everybody's going
to come back to ours and I've got like
loads of pizzas ordered in the evenings
and films and just to chill out and then
I think there's like 10 people staying
over our house and stuff it's going to
be cool it's going to really really fun
and I know that it's going to be a good
day but at the moment as it stands she
thinks I've organised nothing she thinks
I haven't got her a cake and I said oh
well we can go around the corner to
flower pot for lunch which is this
little cafe and then I go to my dad
probably like twice a week sasuser my
cameraman at batteries are going to be
really great shoes I really like loud
more but it's not really that special
for my birthday because we already know
quite often so she has no idea basically
my camera is going to die any second I'm
so excited this here is the wrapping
paper that I bought her so wrapped all
her presents in like writing style
wrapping paper I think it's really
really cool we've got a little sleepover
club tonight we've got mark over
physical markers mark poppies is up and
Shaun and we just got have you got a
drink all right guys we got pizza
takeaway with Marcus and I me and poppy
and Shaun completely forgot forgot to
brother we also watched Annabelle the
horror movie it is now a buzz what
everyone's gone to bed so for me and
poppy
we're doing decorations hey I've got so
much stuff down here I think we're done
into the morning this is the table yeah
water food papi Analia not the most
amazing the cake is in their presence
look at the CNN look at this oh we need
to get these around the place right time
not wake up mother guys sorry that the
block of in short today
you've been passion about life merit if
you enjoyed in your excite that's always
left a just video thumbs up I'll get you
to why I'm so excited
tomorrow Zoey's birthday this article
blog I can tell
