good morning guys now I said that I
wasn't gonna vlog today
last night on Twitter because tonight
I've got that camera down my throat
thing and it means that I'm gonna be
like really weird because I'm not put a
sleeve but I'm not awake it's like
in-between and I don't remember what
happened and it's just it's going to be
a bit weird from tonight onwards and
it's already hot bus too so I just
thought instead of daily vlogging today
and I hope it's okay with you because I
don't want to give you no video I
received this massive parcel this packet
the other day for my publishers and it
says blink put this package on the side
and I was like what is this they lit you
or so that's not as Teddy if you're like
white off you're going little teddy bear
in his room
where's Nala hey baby um on this so it
says instructions find the pointers
parcel mark Alfie deyes open enjoy
therefore of a part pointers parcels to
giveaway to your blogger friends please
announce the world it's all going to be
crazy and now I'm gonna be available
early from the Prince of much you guys
know that my book came out today for me
or yesterday for you my book is
literally out it is out there my second
is insane
so move in here now this one here
clearly says Alfie deyes and those four
are just for other people I have no idea
like honestly I have no idea what is
inside this and then comment down below
which for people you want me to give the
other parcels to I could give one to Zoe
but that's quite a bit obvious because
she lives with me anyways I thought I'd
open this today for you in the video
oh and also my app is out the pointless
book - app is out so go download on
whatever device you have it makes the
book emit also I've got new braces and
today I got the fourth set so I've got
so many updates to tell you I got the my
hats like falling off wow my hair I got
the fourth set of braces I put in today
my new set I don't know if you can see
them and so we're one step closer to my
teeth being good I need to open up this
parcel so don't don't no no oh wait what
was I telling you the app my brace is
the parcel doctors tonight I'm thinking
that it could be basically because I'm
not gonna sleeping because I'm not awake
I'm right
weird in the middle stage where he said
it's like being very drunk
and then I won't remember what happened
with the camera and my throat in that so
I'm thinking it could be like you know
one of those know Allah why are you
biting your bed
stop that I'm thinking it could be like
one of those videos you know when you
see people come out getting their like
wisdom teeth taken out and then they're
like I don't know what's going on what's
my name and stuff like that and it's
really really funny it could end up
being like one of them and if I am like
that when I come out I'm gonna ask sorry
to film me if I'm not then this is just
gonna be the blog for you and I hope you
understand it's not that I'm just
flaking off its I'm not gonna be well
enough to film I put the camera on a
little tripod so let's open it up also
number one the wrapping paper is my book
like can you see that it's my October
and it's wrapped again make table not
wonky with so don't actually have one in
my office there we go
thank you and what is in here one I said
pass the parcel
yeah I literally oh my gosh I want I
boarded one of these for ages this is
good this is coach that passed and
passed on but even better it was just
with myself because I get everything
there's so much wrapping this is weird
because these things that I've like
nearly bought for people before for
present nothing like that's legit just a
present of nothing this gift of nothing
is yours to discover that doesn't
there's nothing in there that's the
whole point of the gift the contents
this is the best bit by bought the
contents of this present the sound of
one hand clapping one hand can't clap
the hole in the doughnut no there is not
is a hole there is nothing Oh where's
this this is a calculator however
chocolates it may look as look or smell
chocolate that's good I can't eat it now
which is so annoying basically with this
chest thing I'm not allowed to eat from
11 p.m. until 8 p.m. so 11 a.m. to 8
p.m. I'm not allowed to eat flights on
like 9 hours or something like that
whilst that's happening because my
stomach has to be empty as possible so
that's good I'm gonna eat this straight
after today and then this is the last
one this is been cold
this is really fun and it is a copy of
my book to finish it off which is good
because I actually met up with a friend
yesterday I didn't tell you guys and the
friend that I met with in the morning
yesterday you know I bought the book
from the shop I gave her my book as a
present and I signed it for her so I
don't actually have one of these so this
is good because I just gave mine away
and now I've got a new one haha I want
to feel it is that lame if I fill out my
own book myself oh I'm gonna be like
only checking your chest and your
stomach to know you like make it your
dress looks lovely ugly
thank you a little 12 notice the banks
back there
if I guys just had my surgery these
numbers we take that off just how my
surgery dies those have allergic to
penicillin
every day's my date of birth all of this
stuff no they said it was not procedure
they said this minor surgery my my cuz
minor surgery because I guys had two
biopsies for my stomach my chest is from
my esophagus and my bad I must all bow
and they said yes they did that there's
nothing wrong that they can see but
there's too much so no if I get that job
back in two weeks but see I could he
didn't see anything in particular that
he was worried about good news this is
weird logging in hospital might guess
I'm cold air I said to the woman I need
for some time up I just like the cold
oxygen she was like okay
check wreck
okay it was alright dunno you guys
walked in at PCC I've been taken into a
separate room right now and I told all
of the nurses that I was gonna pretend
to be like completely out there sleep
talking gibberish and I asked him to
leave the machines plugged into me but
then mom and Zoey stepped into the
corridor ruined it and they saw that I
was talking to one of the nurses but I
was gonna try to tend to them I was like
completely out of it in like why are you
who are you and stuff but they beat me
to it
you know oneself in hospital rather than
in bars dropping my phone
holla yeah I'm just just in hospital yes
let's pitch it a bit it sounds like that
you see like with the phone here oh yeah
see I like it's nice also at one of
these things guys were hand they gave me
some drug that like makes you more or
less food to sleep but doesn't is
actually the one the michael jackson
overdosed on honestly honestly don't
think I even had the slightest effect on
me like I didn't feel anything they gave
me a menu of food so I could choose what
I wanted afterwards because I haven't
been able to allowed to I haven't been
allowed to eat since 11 o'clock this
morning so I'm pretty hungry and I'm
also not allowed another drink for
another half an hour or so they're just
sorting that out now it's gonna bring me
a sandwich of much which I think did I
can eager mayonnaise egg and mayonnaise
I don't know I picked some sandwich and
then I also picked a tea and then I also
picked a cranberry juice which is good
as you just saw from that footage at the
hospital which is only filmed on that
phone I just thought I'd carry on daily
vlogging today which is all good have
still got one of these little things on
my hand and my little doctor's bracelets
but dad came here to look after gnarley'
whilst we were at the doctor's because
it took longer than what we thought
oh hello and he's just made dinner
which looks really good sorry hey Barry
oh hey
