good morning guys how are you look at
the time
look at the blooming time look at this
it's 24/7 I know that's not only for
some of you but that is early for me and
I'm up
just making some cereal making a little
quirky over here
Oh make him one try to make one just for
that cup there
get goin go make my coffee and then in
here what was I going to show you in
here my office I was going to show you
something what was that forgotten why I
was going to show you now by ditch me I
just water my office and I was like I'm
gonna film that I'm gonna stop my vlog
now forgotten what was great video great
bloomin video happy right we are off for
a super yes not a coffee that's not even
half full
is it runner
Oh ran out of water I forgot to fill it
up okay I'll give you some more water
oh no no now I just released the coffee
caps y'all oh no it's gonna be very
coffee 800k NOLA please don't go near
there no no the sofa wants you over
there your toys are called in you oh no
come with me go okay I need to tidy this
up don't bring your tweet back no no no
no no your toy wants to play over there
I love it today's my day you guys you
know I just had to use another coffee
capsule because the last one don't even
know where it ended up I had to pry it
away in the bin
it's don't eat my cereal right today is
gonna be a good day
Zoey and I've got a meeting starting at
9 o'clock I don't I don't honestly don't
even know where is Zoey sorting out and
it's like an hour 45 minutes away so all
we're meant to need five minutes ago
that's not the best is it all you're
five minutes late but I mean it's so are
you sure that it's not gonna traffic or
anything like that
basically Zoey and I are off to a
meeting and then we're going to come
back here
my dad is ill at the moment I say at the
moment he's ill today off of work so
he's gonna come and work from home here
so he can look after nyla and the guinea
pigs for us whilst we're out until about
one or two o'clock and then once we get
back he'll go back home and I might be
going off to London I'm not 100% sure
yet so we finished up a meeting and we
are on the way home we're an hour and
three minutes away look at this
it's sunny
there and then if you look over here I
don't know if you can see in the camera
you can see like streaks coming down and
over there coming down diagonally which
is the rain but can you guys see those
streaks in a time zoom and maybe could
be the Sun for then if you go this way
it's literally like look at that nearly
full blue sky it's so crazy right we're
on the way home why I'm at the train
station guys a bit of a change of plan
I'm gonna go to London to go and sign
some books some pointlessblog books to
send to I don't if I'm allowed to say
what country I can't do that are
stopping them I'm gonna go in science
and I've got six minutes to my train
just nitty-gritty by ticker and then
jump on the train
I've got London guys with all these
afternoon turns
I'm so jealous but just in a bit
shopping for a meeting for the past five
is now what my voice said probably look
at my watch was hot last nine it says
it's hot last night in the evening ok
it's 20 to 5 so I've got 35 minutes
until my meeting through its bend a
little bit shopping probably just bought
some new clothes she's going for dinner
tonight with friends who you know seeing
it ya know at all the first time there's
some cool stuff
the app is coming out soon guys I'll let
you know when it's truly out the app is
insane
I'm going to sign the front for then you
guys have to find them they're the
Selfridges
why guys I signed the first two rows of
all in those books there you go try find
them
all of the Zarella and spring clear
spans out there Binney Apple Apple did
you know yes it is oh I mean it's not
hey it's not nothing it's not it's not
yeah forget that
oh-oh-oh
Ricky's gonna kiss and that'd be so much
and she was so excited to see me well
though literally just licked my lips
which some dog owners like kissed their
dog's lips and lick lick their tongues
and stuff
That's not me but every day go I mean
you know one as you may have seen on
Twitter I made Zoey wait for me she
tweeted said she's right over but I was
like no wait I want a buff when I get in
some Lichaj gonna jump them off now and
it's already there's nothing better than
getting home after a long day and having
a bath waiting for you so I'm so excited
I'm so cold
I tried to take off my jacket what kind
of can't take off well to your arms ow
bye guys movie talk tough into bed now
ignore my hair sorry about my hair so
messy I've had the longest day of
traveling today I'm literally traveled
to over seven hours today I drove or
Zoey drove when I was in the car an hour
55 minutes to go hang out somebody today
up above London and out 55 minutes back
then I had a meeting then I got a train
to London what's the matter what's the
matter and then I got the train to
London and then I had a meeting and then
I went shopping and then I got the train
back to Brighton so much traveling in
one day but I completely forgot to tell
you about something it's so so excited
when I can talk about I can talk about
everything just something small at the
women basically UK book tour I can't
talk about any other countries I'm going
to yet but UK but at all
so where's Noah barking at is it cuz I'm
speaking and you're asleep I'm sorry I'm
gonna leave a link down below to where
I'm coming on my UK book tour if you if
I'm not coming to your city then I'm so
so sorry I can't come to everywhere I'm
doing the most I can in the UK I will be
going to other places as well in the
world so don't worry
but yeah I'm so excited to meet you and
more tea or today
today my second book comes out for you
guys today
it's tamari for me but this goes up the
next day so today for you guys my book
comes out today
oh my gosh No are you excited for my
book coming out is that where your
barking because my books coming out yeah
so my book tour I leave links down below
to where you can get tickets
basically when I say tickets you do have
to pay but you don't have to pay to meet
me kind of thing basically you have to
pay the price of the book so it's like a
free event completely free you're not
paying to see me I would never let you
guys do that but what you do what you do
have to do is you have to pay the price
of the book so when you get there you
get a book for free if that makes sense
of course it does it's a book signing
you have to buy the book
that's how it goes but because the books
only just come out today then I'm not
gonna make like you guys don't have to
buy like a second one because I know
lost mind a lot of issues because my
book tour was so late after the book
came out a lot of you had already bought
the book and then you have to buy
another one to come to the book signing
so basically buy down below a ticket and
they're gonna go quick I'm gonna warn
you they are gonna go quick guys because
I can't meet more than like I don't even
know how many people are meeting I think
it's like 800 or a thousand people a day
I can't possibly meet more than that of
was the experience wouldn't be good
because it'd be like high by high by
high by iana say bye bye and I want to
make it good for each one of you to
queue up and come so get the tickets
quickly because they are gonna go the
links of them will be down below and I'm
so excited for you not just to meet you
but for you to see the book map as well
that comes out soon I can't describe how
good the app is in this book
like in sane so yeah I'm gonna stop by
that now take care so down below if you
want to come to see me in the UK tour
for my book like the book signing
have you anything to tell us to don't
you oh yeah tomorrow or today for you
guys
I feel watching this probably I'm
getting a camera and you know I said I'd
get that pain in my chest when I eat I'm
still getting it which is annoying so I
had like a load of blood tests the other
day and I had
chest x-ray and then I have just ultras
either stomach ultrasound and that was
all good I haven't heard the results
back from the blood tests yet I haven't
had the results back from the x-ray yeah
hopefully I'll get them tomorrow because
tomorrow going to the doctor's lovely we
get a camera put down my throat and into
my stomach so they can have a look in
the inside to see if anything's going on
which I'm so nervous about I just
just the thought of somebody putting
something all the way down my throat and
into my stomach that there's scares me
so much but I've just tweeted about this
saying that guys I might not be vlogging
in tomorrow because I'm gonna come up
with a my throat and I they have to make
you like almost drunk for it so that you
don't remember it they give you some
kind of drug and and all it is I'm not
sure basically makes me so I can't
really feel it and I don't know what's
going on and then when I come around I
don't remember it happening so I'm gonna
be like that for a few hours so I don't
think it's working we've long in
tomorrow plus I'm gonna be really
nervous about it but I just tweeted and
so many of you have been like I've had
it done it's fine my mom's had it done
and it went amazing it's completely fine
don't worry
so that's honestly making me feel so
much better about it because I'm so
nervous laughs and a camera down my
throat just the thought of it it's not
nice is it let's be honest it's really
not nice at all but you guys are all
saying that it's not that bad and then
it's okay so I feel better right I'm
gonna try and get some sleep now
I'm so tired I need to burn on into bed
as well first because she doesn't sleep
in our bed even though she likes to come
and have a nap up here and evening with
us so if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up I hope that I get to meet you
on the UK tour if not there'll be other
opportunities there's very more dates
added there's gonna be I can't say too
much the Constituent just two in the UK
but anyways you'll find out soon at
other vlogs thank you so much watching
today I love you so much thanks for the
sport and all the tweets about my chest
and stuff like that but honestly don't
worry about it at all honestly don't
worry it's the truth look I'm going
I thought say I'll catch you another one
catch you tomorrow because I don't think
I'm gonna vlog tomorrow I'll catch you
soon I'll catch you in a couple of days
thank you so much for the support guys I
love you so much
good night
