good morning guys I am up I obviously
did neither by myself this morning so
I've lychee I woke up half by seven took
her out for the toilet put her back to
bed I went back to bed till half past
eight woke up again came downstairs to
get her out bed gave her breakfast then
I lay on the sofa for a bit and I fell
asleep for like 45 minutes and she was
just asleep on me then I made myself a
coffee and then I got a little yogurt
and I haven't been eating them don't
worry I haven't they're still from last
night I promise you I haven't even had
one and then it also got a pure
cold-pressed smoothie away over there
called I never didn't know in his life
prepare an apple so today I am gonna
film some gaming videos first of course
II must reply to first I'm gonna try and
edit the date develop to make sure that
it goes up early and good at a good time
for you guys tonight I'm feeling good
I don't know ever that's because I woke
up early or whether that's because I
just drank most of my coffee and that's
just kicked in and I'm like yo wide
awake so I'm not quite sure yeah my hair
is getting like crazy long like crazy
long now and I'm trying to grab it out
as you guys know like I really really
want it to be really long but it's
getting so like thick long which isn't
good it's getting like annoying me so
I'm probably going to go back to putting
on loads of like weird head wear and
just getting it out of the way of my
face but like a couple of weeks or
something and we're wearing hats and
beanies and hair bands like not hair
bands is like a topknot but like I've
ever had to hold it back like that or
something I don't know Nala come here
come here come she doesn't want to come
guys she's not stupid she's basically
just let her outside and I came in here
look know that know that come normally
she'd come straight away when you tell
her to calm like she used quite good at
Rico but now she's got a massive stick
hanging out of her mouth and she knows
she shouldn't be doing that Nala
right that is it I'm gonna have to come
to you then what have you got in your
mouth you show everybody No
but where's a little treat that I can
make her watch this instantly she'll
drop it watch oh she's already dropped
it just because I walked over to where
her treats are give me that we don't do
that Nala do we why are you bringing
this inside that's not we don't want the
inside open up here right sit down
there we go
good girl silly silly you know oh now
she little toys are you gonna be clingy
now go on get that pig get it get that
pig it's been too long since the last
films from gaming videos so I'm just on
skype with Jay at the moment this is my
setup well my microphone will be down
there so I got my camera microphone
recorded audio recording minecraft that
I'm probably getting probably going to
film my gosh maybe a couple other ones
as well just on skype with chamber he's
not video and he's gone to the toilet
all going to get a drink or something so
you actually there and then over here
I'm gonna try and sneak
I love us so much
look I don't face look sunbae then time
to go to a me to hang up my shoes and my
jeans on don't know why I'm talking I'm
definitely not going jogging I'm going
to a meeting so I'll catch you in a bit
Oh cake finish the on meats and ice just
get some lunch now a flower for you guys
no I love it here
it's got a little cheese sauce to draw
which looks delicious and then look at
this hot chocolate it's too late to get
coffee it what's the time 5 p.m. to 5
p.m.
last ever lunch I was sitting down
scrolling through my Twitter I don't
need to see literally just was having
lunch like 30 40 people tweet me a
picture with my second book I don't even
own a copy of myself yet I literally
don't even have a copy my favor gonna be
once somebody came up to me in a meeting
and said oh can you sign this book for
my daughter now so of course they got
out my second book I was like hold up
I've never even touched one of these
before and you guys will get them early
somehow the shops are meant to be
selling them but apparently they are so
today's mission is for me to buy a copy
of my own book because I can't even get
one myself I haven't even got a copy but
all of you guys do like I'm literally
and so many people messaging me about
they're saying look what I've got look
like a look on my dad won't be today and
I'm like man don't leave I car like what
I don't even have one myself I've held
on once about five seconds so that's
what I'm going to do I'm walking now
I've got like a 15 minute walk 10 15
minute walk just to be able to get one I
don't even know if they're going to be
selling out I'm fingers crossed here we
go let's see if this was hell guys don't
even know where oh there's Mary Barry
book sections downstairs right
number one they've got number book
number one there let's see if they've
got what number two anywhere I kind of
want them to have it so that I can get a
call for myself but that it should have
been for sale yeah all right they don't
have this bloomin book anywhere guys
they've got more book once wait that is
but quite listen here yeah that's bad
they just don't have a number two yeah
how have you all coffee is that I can't
get one myself
good on Barton WH Smith they didn't put
out early good thing but they also means
that I can't get up myself so I'm gonna
go and see what water stones are saying
now literally just met like 50 of you
who were screaming in tower they like
crying and going crazy and everyone was
staring at me that are so weird like
that I don't know everyone was staring
at me unless he because we moved to stop
most downstairs guys I'm having to be
quiet but they said silent in here
this is the first time I've ever held to
a fully printed one
just saw steel I can borrow a pen so
these are going to be the first ever
signed witness book tubes science in
water stones in Brighton there's only a
stack of like 10 or something I'm gonna
sign them all now
guys I kind of forgot I just signed all
of these the woman just bought a load
more and all of them then there's all
down there I just signed all of these
like 20 or so here which is where you'd
sign book one but book two I put in this
page so I sign it there that's relevant
to sign it but I've read them all there
so those 20 their place I'm sorry guys
I'm gonna sign the load more promise you
I'll sign them in the right place this
time I'm just not used to this but to
thing yeah all right got myself a copy
good so they are on not the ground floor
not the first floor but the second floor
so that's the ground floor and then you
come up the stairs then you get up again
so their first like 30 people or so to
get one from this shop now it's gonna be
silent go go go
now I got my book back I don't know why
I'm so happy because I mean like I
designed all the pages and everything so
I don't know why I don't know it's just
my work isn't it complete now I'm gonna
go knit to M&S because varies mom's
still staying over tonight I say still
was if she said got everything now for
dinner I think of what a bit too much I
at least it'll last a couple of days but
so much delicious stuff and now I need
to head back Missouri's back at home
sorry mum they had a really really good
time at the spa they said they kept on
sending me pictures all the time and I
was like oh my gosh I'm so jealous there
takes me pictures like oh just getting a
full body stone massage it like 9:00
a.m. and I was like I'm waking up from
Darla I like 8:15 this is actually
really heavy I know you're the last clip
I filmed was me in town and I was meant
to film all of this evening I know by H
league I promise you I got caught up in
the long
guest meetings and phone calls I my
datavoke didn't even go live till like
half-past nine tonight because I was
just in meetings like I just finished a
meeting now and it's 114 it is what I
thought my phone please don't be broken
it is 114 now in the morning and I just
finished a meeting just trust me on this
one guys I wasn't just being lazy I
promise you yeah good news good news
from one of the meetings my book the
pointless book - I leave a link down
below to where you can pre-order if you
want or you know you guys can just go to
the shops it's going to be available
it's going to go out early from the 26th
so today is technically the 24th because
it's 1:00 in the morning
so 2ds time my book is officially coming
out now it's been moved forward to the
26th rather than the second because
every right to sell it early I don't the
way everyone started sending it earlier
they just did so the date has been moved
from the 20 from the second now it's the
26th so in two days off you're watching
this you can go to WS Waterstones I
don't know which other shops book shops
maybe ask them maybe supermarkets I
don't know Selfridges and go and buy the
pointless book - or you can order online
like I said I'll leave the links down
below I'm so excited I literally haven't
even opened mine like it's still in the
bag downstairs I didn't even get home to
cook all the dinner tonight that I
bought so we had to cook it for me and I
didn't even get to eat it with them
might eat it by myself because I was in
a meeting anyways just is what it is I
hope you still enjoyed the vlog if he
did guys give it a big thumbs up if you
excite the book number to let me know in
the comments if you've already ordered
that or if you're gonna buy it or if
you've already got a coffee I just can't
wait for you to see and also the app is
gonna be coming out any day now I'll let
you know exactly when when I know but it
literally is any day in this app is way
better than the last one there are some
technology and some features in this app
that I just didn't even know what
possible like literally blow my mind
like
in same see yeah of course there's gonna
be loads of exclusive videos that aren't
on youtube or on anywhere else that I've
made so look forward to that I'm gonna
stop rambling I'll catch you seeing guys
thank you so much working today
I love you and I'll see you tomorrow
good night well I don't do so like night
I did I good night guys
