good I'm not gonna offer second autism
what are you doing um sorry that I
didn't vlog yesterday I literally did
and I'm not even joking you and I say
this so many important emails edited my
daily vlog and uploaded it and you said
again your video not loaded I basically
just had a day or like computer working
just sell computer doing everything I
needed to do today Zoe and her mom have
gone off to a sparf as always Berkeley
which is next Saturday they're not going
for a week they're just going for
tonight and coming back tomorrow or like
4 o'clock I want to say or something
like that so it's just me
and now there isn't that baby right let
me try and show you this we've been
training her with these little sweet
things one minute let even as soon as I
get the Treat in my hand she sits down
now but this is the Colbert watch look
was August to do did you see that guys
she legit I don't know why is how he
trying to do I basically I showed so
many YouTube videos oh he was I oh my
god that's so cold so he trained her to
ring the bell every time she wants to
tree I don't know every to like try and
gradually change it so that instead of
this every time she wants a treat except
I'm tuned into the toilet because
imagine a ballad they're like by the
back door and then every time she needs
the toilet she just goes ding and then I
hear that and I take it to the toilet I
don't know maybe that's just not very
doggies maybe that's just quite complex
for human trying to think what coffee I
want this morning Zoe for all of our
cookies into a bowl yesterday but now
I'm finding it hard to know which flavor
is which don't know if it was a good
idea to do that or not
vanilla now that you want vanilla
chocolate I just want a normal one cat
food cards and all that is volume tow
lit you have no idea what that one is
let's go for
and then Zoey is also / or I think
though it basically zombies map all my
lenses I need to get a new camera my
lens shutters don't open of the way
Zoey's mum basically came to our house
yesterday and just helped Zoey tidy
everything like look how spotless the
set from that one little coffee cup
there look house spotless our kitchen is
I'm milking now in these little cute jar
things that I can I can open them I feel
a bit stupid having to say that it's
like it's so obvious I would have
thought that I would never ever have to
address this and it doesn't go to 99.9%
of you but the very very very small
percentage of you that think it's okay
to wait outside the house it's not like
I just was just in the garden taking the
honor out for a wee and there's like a
mom and a daughter standing there
looking over our wall at me that's not
cool
that's like really not cool don't do
that this is my house this is like where
I relax like if I if I can't even go
into my garden without people looking
over into it that's weird that's weird
guys this is my house like I know I put
my videos online and if you come up to
me in the street that's fine I can love
love meeting you guys more than anything
but waiting outside the house is weird
but we have all our CCTV turned on in
everything so it records 24/7 like all
around every angle of the house so we
can always see whether people are
waiting there like we're not stupid no
like we've got big walls going all the
way around our house and then I just see
like a mum and daughter like standing
off on their tiptoes looking over at me
and then didn't say anything and walked
away and I was like okay that's really
weird because like our house is know
like nobody would wait outside a house
if it I don't know I have no idea where
Nana is oh there you are baby you played
with your little bone you cheering it
down there well so don't if I've told
you guys but normally came on season
like key to every school basically a
piri
for dogs two or three days ago which is
interesting to say the least
although dogs only come once once a year
for like up to three weeks I think or
three weeks on average or something like
that
so she's been left I thought three or
four days just thought I'd let you know
in case you're like oh she's a bit more
calm than usual but good dogs can Eva
there's so many different symptoms when
they're on heat they can eat less they
can eat more there'll be more needy more
quiet and stuff like that so like now
normally she would be right next to my
feet running around that she's gone like
she's not where is she oh she's just
having a little sniff so if your thing
or not there's a bit more quiet than
usual it's because she's on heat in heat
and something like that
I'm just gonna make a little smoothie
now for my little blender guy here we go
even put a banana in there as well
this looks will look amazing
lunch is done got tomato and cheese
pasta there and then I've got a
delicious-looking smoothie look at that
this is gonna be so filling that has so
much cheese in the inside and this has
got porridge oats
I literally just don't get it like I
just went upstairs now to go and have a
shower and as I walk past all the
windows which are open of course when
normal people we have our blinds open
during the day more people just waiting
outside our front gates with that a mum
as well like with a parent that's not
cool it was different people as well and
they rang on the door and I closed the
blinds and they instantly rang in the
door and they're like oh my god oh my
god hello and like it's sweet you guys
being excited no no some of you may
disagree and say like oh I should let
them in or something I don't know I
don't but I completely disagree and
their moms then I was like hi there
sorry like I find it pretty strange that
you've chosen to drive here and there
now waiting outside our house off I
think it's pretty intrusive and the mom
was like yeah I'm so sorry we shouldn't
have done it and I'm thinking well
surely that's cause you're mine like you
wouldn't want somebody waiting outside
your house and I know I know
they're like the young girl was only
been nicer she was only excited but it's
the principal like you're waiting
outside my house that's weird and the
mom is like okay yeah we're really
really sorry we didn't think about it
and let's go and I was like I feel bad
now because this young girl that I was
really nice and I said oh I have a nice
day
thanks for watching my videos and
everything of course I'm like being
polite but I just wanted to let them
know like that's not normal
you don't just wait outside somebody's
house if I was in like a hotel and I
like said which hotel I was out and I
was okay for people to come and meet me
then that's completely different but my
house like my personal space where I
relax now hang out and I'm in the garden
with my in my pajamas and that's weird
guys please stop like it's not cold but
anyway so more of a positive note I'm
gonna go and have a shower now
and I'm gonna listen to stitches Shawn
Mendes a new song really brimming loud
and have a one-man dance party another
rap just finished shooting my new video
which is meant to be going up tonight
but it's currently 7:05 don't think it's
going to be going up tonight guys
although I don't know I'm feeling really
good about this one it's very different
to anything I've ever done before it's
quite deep as you're watching this it
may be up it may not go have a check on
my main channel or I'll leave a link
down below and just shot it here by
myself and got all my life set up over
there and everything but it was hard to
shoot by myself I'll put it that way
normally I just work the camera down and
I just chat to it or I do a challenge to
it or whatever but this one it involved
a bit more than that so if you haven't
seen it yet I hope you're really excited
to see it I don't know what it's going
to be called yet I'm not quite sure I
just worked so hard on my new video to
get it up tonight and it is finally up
what's the time
let the Collegium me turn on my laptop
the time Oh No maybe my laptop's dead no
maybe it's quite no charge oh no it's
got no charge I think that's all I can
check on the TV anyway what the time is
time is 10 minutes past 9 so I'm
guessing the quite a few of you have
like gone off your computers now because
Sunday night everybody goes to bed early
in things but um yeah just managed to
get it up and quite happy with it so I
can tell you what it is now it is called
ten years time and it is a response
video to one of will Darvish years new
videos which I really really enjoyed so
I'll leave a link down below to it go
give it a like let's see it's quite a
deep video so I don't think it's going
to get as many views as normal because
it's not very shareable but I think even
if it like helps one person think about
it and I probably engaged with the topic
then it's worth making it Nala has been
sleeping here whilst I was editing the
video and uploading it and I literally
walked in the room and she's instantly
just asleep on my lap I do sometimes
think that she can understand me you
know like I don't know if you don't have
a dog I don't think you're gonna be able
to understand but I just now
still I have obviously she's staying at
the spot tonight of her mum why just
felt it she can understand me
Kanye let's see I'm talking about I'm
understanding me and now she sits up I
mean I know obviously she can't
understand English language I'm not
saying she can like I don't know she can
definitely understand emotion life I'm
feeling more down or quiet she knows
about it she's like sits on the lap on
there on the laptop she sits on the sofa
with me but I don't know I just then I
was just like thank you so much
knowledge for being so good while I was
doing my editing it means a lot you've
been calm and quiet and just having a
sleep but then I just talk to her like
she's a little human you are aren't you
baby you're just like a baby I made to
be done a massive poly spray I just had
a follow people who give my new video a
like until I hit limit oh my gosh how I
forgot I literally said that like three
minutes ago and I've already forgotten
why I'm gonna do it right now guys I'm
gonna stop vlogging I'm gonna follow
people until I hit limit I'll also try
and carry on tomorrow so go down below
give my name and you have a channel
video and like and comment your Twitter
on it and I'll try and follow you back
it is quarter past ten and I've just put
my hair back I know you guys don't like
it well about my hair but I hope you
don't do that it's annoying me and it's
in the way in my face all my phone is
ringing my taxi is here I'm off for
dinner with J don't know where it's
going to be open but that was good
grammatical sense don't know which
restaurants if any are going to be over
them it is quarter past 10:00 on a
Sunday but we'll see their aim is to go
and get some food because Jazmin had
dinner either
he's just been uploading all evening
like me and edited so we're both hungry
and we both live close to each other so
I'm going to dramatise actually now go
over to his pick him up and then find
someone to go and get dinner let's go
we got a taxi kind of dropped us off at
the wrong place because the only place
we've just walked on the whole of town
the only place that is still open and
serving food is the casino which I don't
know if that's a good DJ because then
it's gonna make me wanna play in the
casino
does food load does food because then
you have to waste your money afterwards
alright guys I'm back home now from the
casino I lost 20 pounds a 120 thousand
so he came away even overall but Jay
basically won my money though I didn't
really reflect completely different
games and stuff just taking not about oh
there she is doing away taking ball out
for a little late night way before she
fully goes to bed I'm all tucked up into
bed and I'm just turning on when up top
first my laptop time check my video
reply to some comments read your
comments and stuff like that sorry about
my hair it's an absolutely mess she'll
be wearing one of my beanies anyways
guys thank you so much for watching
today and following along with the daily
vlogs
thanks for the sport and the new video
so far I'm about to check in now and I
look to my phone when I was in the
casino and it was doing really really
well so thank you so much for that keep
this book coming and yeah I'll catch you
tomorrow not sure what I'm up to
tomorrow I know that Zoe gets back at
about 4 p.m. but other than that I'm not
too sure so we'll have to see what I do
anyways I love you so much
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it let's try and get let's go a
bit smaller today just see if I can
guarantee ya I don't know what I Devon
even check my other vlogs I've been
getting recently
let's go 25,000 thumbs up that would be
insane 25,000 okay see you tomorrow good
night guys I love you
good night
