good evening guys a lot of explaining to
do why it's the evening and I'm starting
my vlog basically I went out I had crazy
about the meetings today with my dad and
so our people basically took my camera
because I and they were also I went to
the doctor's this morning I had my
ultrasound on my chest and I was like
super worried about it so a game with me
she's done there with nyle at home on
the beach and had ultrasound on my chest
this morning the thing that you have
when you're like pregnant to see like
the baby when they go like that on your
stomach and liver like the gel on it I
had that on my stomach my abdomen and
came back oh good he was like completely
normal which is really really positive
so that's one thing ticked off ticked
off with my chest
that's all I'm scared to tread now I'm
going to get like the sand the Seas can
breathe far out and basically so I took
my camera not to the doctor's because I
didn't want to film that we're doing
funny economy like guys I'm checking if
I'm pregnant
and anyways through my dad and then I
went to vlog because we were in town
together grabbing lunch as well only one
who took the wrong battery that had no
child like I promise you I'm not making
up excuses now I literally just took the
wrong battery and it had no charge at
all so kind of couldn't vlog because the
camera didn't turn on so I was carrying
around a camera in my pocket or my feet
away knew it wasn't a good idea carrying
around a camera all morning and lunch
and until like 3 o'clock in fact as oh
so he's literally running along the
beach there with Nala which had no we
had no George so then I just went home
the night's gonna take pictures for
something and then we're meant to be a
puppy class now but I took too long
taking pictures so I'm like 15 minutes
late and then that we missed all of it
so we thought we'd take hey thanks no
chicken have a bath when we get back so
we thought we would come to the beach
since we missed puppy class now my mum
dad look a little eggs she's so sandy
hey I know she has been to the beach I
was saying his on his blog yeah same so
as long I don't if she's ever been to
beach pool she has endorsed there look
how beautiful it is this is why I love
writing guys
little the sand hey Missy are you having
fun are you having fun are your feet not
wet Zoey you're gonna ruin your shoes
do I ruin my shoes and just go with them
I like these look how wet it is
I don't even conceal the water I don't
know whether to just run and ruin my
shoes or not but they're white also I'm
vlogging on Zoe's canvas I'm gonna have
to stop in a minute I'm not gonna add
from too much on the beach because I we
obviously needs film for her blog and
forgot my camera stupid
goodbye I see you're home and they've
gone look at this though
beautiful I love like so much more back
let's go back from the beach straight
into the bath because we don't want a
little sandy muddy Nile and running
around do we now on the surface also she
was trying to best cleaner salvage
because she was on licking herself to
life obviously not enjoying acts really
doing the best for dollar uniform mother
he names this hey oh look a Saiga hey
are we watching watching that marks
Disney video
No Alfie's old vlogs hey don't expect me
to try goodnight what when are you in
the video who are you my dog being in
the video you might this was back when I
made this video no meal it you didn't
even have one subscriber she has a
YouTube channel
so crazy what I'm Statia
really loving that honor on the streets
of Bristol let's say you got a mohawk
whoa yeah all this well happy this
Christmas goes well I look about six
years old in all of these videos guys go
back and set your whisker with marks and
Zoey
so embarrass him whack them on the time
got so much I didn't even realize I've
ordered and you guys know I've got my
chest pain so I'm not even eating as
much as usual at the moment and I've
ordered four sides and a mail by
accident
stupid come on no Miam Nala on one team
mark on another team Zim Bonin up James
oh okay
are you did a time lapse up there it's
just gonna be my bum in the time-lapse
NIMS just good I'm your old seven you
like seven where you got straight you're
in jail
oh no no no I go to jail and then oh no
you got to go inside of there have you
ever played this game before you read
sorry about that mark go straight to
jail
look how happy how happy mate that's
awesome baked beans from where middle or
high screws yeah
core Marxist big moment guys
yeah and he hasn't passed go yes go yeah
know what's happened you went to jail
and then I just be annoying like one so
here we go Suter bye bye wait one two
three should you forget three or five
your money your Inc of that your body
compassing guys good straight yeah
like why does your you legit haven't got
enough money there like if you land on
even if you land on a property you want
now like you landed on that you can't
afford that
how does hahaha I think in my head where
I want to go happens like that Marcus
has been waiting for this one station
for an hour and has just got enough
money to afford it and no meal and all
that he's gone sided he's literally gone
silent Marcus can you just tell everyone
what you've just done
where have you landed his marks just
landed on me down here let me show them
how much we're four houses guys how much
you think million dollars 5875 I feel
bad
look at his new face that's not too much
he's got five hundred in cash and you
got Saudis hotels for five hundred
update guys zoffie versus Marcus Zoe and
Marcus went into great so we've teamed
up we get what well yeah so we've teamed
up this is our corner of death not six
hotels this is that row of death but
they've got a row of death all the
expensive property look at that okay Tom
Fletcher
Tom Fletcher again down to the tactics
I'll have another house please we've
literally playing for so long I'm doing
our voices Southie yeah my voice is
going Southie
three hotels three hotels three year
towers I'm not that a little row of fun
darkus there's attached to this let's
and tell these you're going to be out to
go to the gym tomorrow like 8:30 I was
complaining man you're yelling at my
eight because we always remain I'm so
glad with what that extra harmful things
game over guys they have had to pay
staff you want 1,050 1,050 but then they
would have just had no property like no
hotels no houses or anything yeah
because you would have had nothing here
so even if we land on you we wouldn't
been doing anything good game guys I'd
say Marx's effort was at the end marks
is like if no he didn't have to see my
office and she probably would have won
it is that time of evening where I get
into bed my hair looks ridiculous and I
end the vlog so I hope you enjoyed today
guys sorry again that I just started it
in the evening but I honestly came out
all of today with my camera but just had
the wrong battery so I couldn't record
anything so sorry about that but if you
did enjoy today you know what to do go
down below and hit that like button
let's see if we can get 30 2114
what's the donor why not he's run don't
laugh this the monkeys run watch how
they run and don't laugh what why is it
jumping do they all do that
haha no they don't
oh my gosh I'm gonna end the vlog good
night guys I'll catch you tomorrow I
love you all what we doing tomorrow your
mom's coming over tomorrow right I'll
see to my guys school
good night
