my hair looks greasy err than ever this
because I just had an 85 minute for all
I was like good morning good morning
guys and we woke up we have breakfast oh
my that's not just breakfast that's
dinner and everything as well and oh man
the sun's in my face is sunny we just
woke up so we had the words bigots bath
in the world in the biggest ahh
and then we both just had full body 85
minute massages how was that good that
was my favorite one by far yeah my back
before the massage started our that's a
cool painting it's like proper paint in
before the mossad started she was like
is there anything oh yeah yeah it's cool
isn't it but like it's actually that
mump sound stuff so when I did art I did
stuff like this let little brushstrokes
really it's my painting style I think is
quite cool before the message started
she was like oh is there any like tender
points to tone I was like yeah my back
because I sit in a chair editing quite a
lot and she was like eh I didn't know if
that was a good thing to say or not she
went in on my back like so hard with her
elbow I was literally like I don't know
if I can handle this anymore I got my
bracelet and I was biting her racing so
hard and the thing she was like ah is
that good or join me to go more gentle
or anything like that and I was like no
no no it's good it's good because I was
just thinking if I bear the pain now and
I can just hold it in and not sure that
I'm getting hurt then I won't get a sore
back from editing because it would like
broken down all the knots and stuff
we're going down now because we got to
check out this room so goodbye big bed
goodbye everything we're gonna go check
out now but then we can't stand the spa
today so I think we're going to stay for
that a couple of hours and swimming pool
the jacuzzi and stuff like that and just
relax and then head home in a bit I've
missed knowledge so much
hello okay pick any sort that talk back
to you along mr. birdie look at old
fashion that is
they'll make that your impressionist
away outside hot tub time look how
beautiful is out here you can hopefully
I won't drop a camera in the pool it's
last time I dropped my phone in the bar
Wow oh look at this oh my gosh this is
so nice so we need to get a hot tub I
can't if you're gonna get wet Zoe nut
there's your twin over there that is
that nice just hang it out imagine this
being your garden guys so that's what
your house up there and then you can
walk down come down the little steps
imagine that oh it's so steamy I don't
even know what you can see but yeah
we're just outside in the garden down
the hot tub it's so relaxing we need to
buy some of my little goodies and stuff
like that like these little guys and
some maybe not some prompts
I'm not evil at
I kind of wish we didn't add the bubbles
it's like not much for that we've got to
leave in a minute which is sad but I've
had a good time I want to try and come
back every light every light all weeks
so Clara play you that hungry I want to
try and come back every like four weeks
or something but maybe not Stover just
come and get a massage and relax or even
just get my side you brighten to be
honest yeah yeah and this isn't even
that far away it's like 40 minutes away
from Brighton so it's crazy
makes me want to have a house like
outside in the countryside a little bit
so that I can get hooked up in the
garden right watch the changing room now
it's time to leave this place is amazing
cheeky little sauna so nice
I just went from wearing all white to
all black literally black shoes black
jeans black t-shirt and they grade right
the least far person now ever a minute
go our side robe outside in Utopia and
now I'm like back to normal right let's
get home imagine having a driveway this
big imagine living somewhere like this
present oh yeah welcome to my house guys
just just moved house just casual just
how that just got my one car parked over
there oh I spot the naked woman again I
can see her boobies outside but then
imagine walking from outside to the spa
in your robe we're up to see the Wizard
The Wonderful Wizard of Nala notion if
Mona was a wizard she is a wizard wizard
Nala gnarly your wizard have a safe
journey
Nalla baby my pretty little lady you're
the prettiest little lady in the whole
wide world
you are got one minute to get the same
guys meet a London 24 B strip for
tonight Jamin J oh my gosh Wow
we didn't even have time to get to the
front let's go
mama
Oh
it's taken
this for five seconds the one
ah yeah
Oh
guys back in New York and I was doing my
first book signing I did a scavenger
hunt and I met Kitty she gave my Scout
John and now she's just bumped into him
the street how are you doing good I'm
sitting abroad in London and then my
camera died is so annoying guys looking
in the video but basically whatever
sayings I just bumped randomly into
kitty she wasn't at hobbies concert she
literally just heard my voice in the
street and ran over because she
recognized it and I met her in New York
back when I was doing my first book
signing over there which was crazy like
that so that's what the chances anyways
if you enjoyed the video guys then
please give it a big old thumbs up an
awesome day spa day constant evening
seeing Euler again I know it's so much
fun thank you so much watching guys I
hope you enjoyed the video I'll catch
you tomorrow good night
