good morning guys how you doing I still
can't go over how blonde my hair is from
yesterday obviously I haven't started
today we saw yesterday's vlog has got a
little highlight to fit in my hair I say
little actually they're pretty big we
also got a new table yesterday a little
coffee table to go in here and then just
got my cereal on my coffee and we're
watching Casper also look how big this
is Jim when I bought this in the vlog
probably about what do you think month
or two ago look how big it is now before
it was tiny it's another day what Alfie
thinks that it's summer why am I saying
Alfie speaking in the third person you
wanna go outside into the toilet do you
know I've got bloomin shorts on again
shorts and a t-shirt and it's definitely
been raining this morning
yo it's that kind of like brightness
where it hurts your eyes well it's like
super like I don't know bright probably
sound crazy those guys are getting ready
for the day filming a couple of videos
and I'm heading straight to the office
to crack on I'm sick emails and video oh
my god really fell over video editing
and stuff this the normal you know the
deal I don't have a clue how but it is
already like that's not why the clock
says it's 6:00 p.m.
17 or 6:00 p.m. 20 minutes to 3:00 in
the afternoon somehow isn't that that'd
be a breakfast yet
I have her lunch no you have my help and
anguish I literally feel like it's like
11 o'clock like the time it's just gone
yeah don't say intermix meet it these
guys are feeling a load of videos today
oh I can finally film this the amount um
has always been wearing this and I
haven't been able to film it recently
yeah very these are my new wrestling I
legit that came downstairs early Zoey
and to Joe and when why is variable
whistling yo it smells strong have a
good way for that heal or they've been
made in a factory anyways we've got some
dum dum
I swear in these blogs I'm not even in
these vlogs in real life Dum Dums
deliver so many doughnuts to us these is
that a thing now it was actually a thing
before and now it seems to have started
happening again look at that oh no I
think I've never tasted in real life
well you know is this as good as your
little throwing up there no it's not
it's like yeah this is legit good on
camera on my blog channel okay such an
exciting day at the office so successful
today everybody oh my gosh looks so good
bloomin heck those guys a film in 2010
my shoes off those guys are filmed in a
crazy video and I'm finally I'll finally
sit down to have my lunch today yo has
been sick it's currently six o'clock on
the dot six zero zero today was super
exciting for the great store we had
Sophia down from the Queen's store here
with us in the office as you know she
works on here one day a week now today
off camera which I couldn't show you we
shot some pictures for new exciting
Christmas merch that is coming out for
the crater store for not just me but
other talent as well and tonight at 5
p.m. like an hour ago the mark faris
officially joined the Kuwaitis tour and
released a special halloween t-shirt
which is really really cool and also the
songs dropped a halloween jumper which
is just like it's insane like the
sailors like you guys are literally
loving it the feedback online Jo's
crying is hurt his stomach and Zoe's too
tired and needs to tidy up the kitchen I
just added that bit
you need to clear up after the film in
Jos pathetic and set his stomach no you
don't I be s yes no you don't what Java
has is wind he has trapped wind in his
stomach very tense
and he's crying I'm not going out shorts
and t-shirt because you need some wind
ease I'm gonna go buy you some Wendy's
now I'm going out to buy us dinner I'm
like the I'm the bloomin parent here I'm
going out to buy dinner because we have
nothing in the fridge and I don't want
us to order a takeaway
Zoe says she needs to tidy up on there
filming earlier and Joe says isn't too
much paint to come so currently off to
go by us from dinner and also at the
same time get just Wendy's for wind
settlers or I don't even know ever stuff
to just make him fall so this trap wind
doesn't hurt and he stops crying catch
you in a bit
the car still smells amazing it smells
so living good so good Oh what can i
there we go also can we just stop for a
minute and talk about the amazing
support on charities number one in the
vlogs from me recently
thank you very much pat on the back off
me support and charities recently did a
massive plug in my vlog for aid UK two
days ago and tonight I did a massive
massive push to the Mart 'lets who I'm
working super closely with but I'm not
here to thank myself me to thank you
guys for all of the support because
especially with age UK because that was
something that you guys could actually
get directly involved in and involved
with I gave you guys a link in the
description and I cannot even explain
how many of you signed up and got
involved like my twitter feed has been
going crazy Age UK on Twitter have been
like what is going on thank you so much
there are so many of you signing up to
help the befriending campaign the Age UK
have and just so much love and support
the new vlog about me working closely
with Martlet Hospice and I just wanted
to say thank you when it's stopped for a
minute and say honestly I'm seeing it
all online I'm seeing your love I'm
seeing how many of you are tweeting me
saying Thank You Vera tea because
obviously having this big platform this
big following this big community that we
have here and I can speak in all of you
hear and see and everything that I'm
saying I I feel so fortunate that I can
use this space to to promote bloody good
things and I feel like I've done that
this week very very intensely and you
guys instead of being like shut up about
charity we want to see your day you're
taking it in you're soaking it in and
you're giving it your all so I wanna say
thank you for that I also want to tell
you that it's quarter to 8:00 in the
evening and the vlog is probably only
just beginning after go get some dinner
I'll catch you I don't even know where
I'm going I'll let you don't haven't
even decided in my head where I'm
driving - mmm
Tesco let's go to Tesco may or may not
have accidentally driven completely fast
Tesco so instead of come to wait tries
because I missed the town in for Tesco
and it was too late to turn around got
some of the stuff I need just trying to
try to find Joe these these things
whatever they are I couldn't find those
wind easy kind of things anywhere that's
Yahoo like I looked for a good 10
minutes I was like this close to asking
a member of staff but then I thought
they really want to ask somebody to help
me fart that's a little bit embarrassing
so I can get it it's crazy that the
whole of Waitrose didn't have any lumisi
limit now that you have a job how do
Joey booed me here's this amazing I was
literally gonna text you oh I forgot I
bought a bottle of wine as well today
was a long day a big day thus ugh life
Halloween launch sold out in an hour and
we're celebrating the bar
red wine even though you don't drink and
I don't even know Joe drinks red wine
I'm celebrating with a bottle of red
wine crate store sold out in an hour
good news everybody I forgot to buy
lettuce and I forgot to eyebrows
we're doing chicken wraps and veg I got
the veg we've got the chicken forgot the
wraps and forgot the lettuce for inside
the wraps so I'm going back back out
hopefully not all the way to our weight
choice because that was an absolute mich
I'm gonna try and go there is a closer
little place don't you love it when
you're in Sainsbury's and then someone
comes up as you're leaving I was a super
rush to get back in time girl comes up
goes you're a few days aren't you
I know stupidly
replied yeah of course you can yes oh no
I don't want a picture I just wanted to
say hi say those inside roster so yeah
of course you can no I don't want to
picture just wanted to say hi just
didn't even think about that I can it
like just came out that they mail there
that's bad isn't okay that's so
embarrassing let me rock you in my bed
are you in my space yes not you the year
in my space as soon as we finished
dinner tonight literally just fell
asleep on the sofa
I was so well I still am so tired not
was just am drained it's been an
eventful couple of days busy couple of
days working on lots of different things
I wanted to film a pilot for something
new that I'm working on at the moment
today my hair so blonde and we didn't
have time to film the pilot with Jo and
Zoey so hopefully we're gonna be able to
do it tomorrow morning before Jo leaves
also we've got an incredibly exciting
Sunday Monday Tuesday this week we're
going off on an adventure the family and
it's going to be sick isn't it
I'm so that we've never done before
quite like this we've done similar
things but not this exact thing in fact
no one in the world has ever done this
exact thing before ever I'm gonna leave
the vlog here because if I don't end it
now I'm just gonna fall asleep and then
not have an ending so if you've enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up subscribe if you
already
thanks again on all the support for the
last couple of vlogs it has been insane
thank you so much for getting involved
with the charity stuff have you got any
Zoey words of wisdom nothing today you
used up all your energy in your last one
not ever you anything oh well you got
some buy some superglue if you wanna
attach fake hair to a bald cap guys rich
hired so he should be asleep this way
past her bedtime the time is Friday
night it's 10:30 3 Joe's in bed Zoey's a
mess I'm in bed Joe's already had a bath
with bloom in salt crystals and stuff in
it what they called Himalayan salt I
also put some liquid yoga in there you
all want some liquid yoga my water you
put on TV called Good Will Hunting it's
meant to be very good yeah I've heard
about this yes right I'm gonna end the
dog catching why am i pointing my little
finger I've never pointed my little
finger before catch in the morning good
night guys
