good morning guys how are you doing
yesterday
weird isn't it special today and tonight
so basically and I just thought like
look we birthday tree we would come away
just tonight so we're about 45 minutes
away from home and oh look at that
little statue of a naked woman then if
you can see her it's like made out of
it's made out of like metal anyways
we're at a spa resort for a night and
we've got like the three treatments
booked in each and we've got what have
we got now is are we at one o'clock no I
want to clock off new Teague at one
o'clock and then we've got a stone
massage and then we've got reflexology
and the tomorrow we've got 85 minute
full-body massage I can't handle the
noise of Zoey dragging that along but
this is like the main house part of it
it looks beautiful
I'm so excited to just relax we just got
to our room now and I wanna do a little
tour so you come in and then there's two
options if you go to the left here then
you in like a dining room which is cool
look how big it is as well like this is
massive so did you notice this legit got
a PlayStation yeah I've never ever said
no dirt with a PlayStation that's crazy
and then you go through here and it goes
through to our bathroom which is just
bloody amazing look at it look at the
shower that's so cool
the bath is henge
look at the size look at the tap like
the bit where the water comes out oh my
gosh
so nice and then you go through here so
you could either go from the front or
around in here and then we've got the
world's biggest bed and it's just lovely
and back that's to the front door and
that's back to the dining room again
yeah TV in the bathroom as well guys
look at the view outside it's such a
lovely day
are you happy this soca or we got lunch
in half 36 minutes
we've got afternoon tea very lovely
afternoon and there's me wearing like a
bloomin beanie walking around it's like
this is Queen Elizabeth Princess is
something X House and I'm like stop
afternoon tea guys got a nice little
little table little what I do I say
little look at the grounds it's really
nice
Oh get the table lunch is arrived and
you love macaroons yeah you know what I
think yes please puddings almost excited
to eat well macaroon this one this one
yeah lunch was delicious
but I couldn't really talk too much
because it was like silent in there
there was a mother and daughter another
table and a couple another table we're
now just going off to see her CI
masseuses for our first massage hello um
it's weird because they say in the woman
at my lenses do annoying thing again
they say in there
they're like brochure the oh is that are
the food that we didn't eat and couldn't
finish our lunch there was so much so
we've got some ball back to them they
say like the little brochure things over
there when you come in the room oh just
where you're dressing out down to the
spa and it's probably like a two minute
walk away which is actually quite long
of a walk in your dressing gown so we're
going to be walking around the hotel
there's always got a bikini on
underneath and I've just got swimming
shorts on underneath - no it's weird
we're gonna walk past the restaurant
like this move on little excited Zoe's
gonna go in in at 2:15 for a rocks in
Madeira Mediterranean which is I know
Mediterranean amazing yeah and she still
talks about it doesn't she yeah she's
texting us all day like I wanna die I'm
so jealous and she's working today and
I'm sure she'll come back another time
right we've got to go I need to stop
looking
I'm gonna leave my camera here cuz
obviously I'm not gonna film the massage
that would be weird so I'll catch you in
a bit
guys can you see that hares or rabbits
over there guys we're not quite sure
what they are
sounds like we've got an old woman in
the room we haven't it's The Simpsons
right we just finished our treatments
now for today awesome
how good was that yeah the reflexology
was the foot massage so I had that first
mr. chair I could really feel much I
tried to film woman in my Linda's doing
that annoying thing I tried to film a
little bit on Zoe's iPhone I don't know
whether I inserted it in the Edit or not
if you saw that then we also went to the
pool as well and the hot tub Jacuzzi
thing it was so good the reflexology I
literally she stopped my side to my feet
after like two minutes of sleep and then
I woke up at the end from her like
waving some light scent in my face and I
was like literally just slept the whole
time but I feel so no I woke up and I
was literally like I was like where am I
kind of thing in this woman's just asked
me was that enjoyable what was your
favorite part and I was like literally
didn't know what was going on then we
had then then you had the hot massage
stone massage first how was that good
did you enjoy that yeah I just had that
now just finished that one that was
awesome I stayed away from most of that
one I did sleep for some of them what
would be like a No
oh my gosh is so dead guys I urge you
all to get massages every like a couple
of months or something I need to get I
want to get a massage once a month
that's what I want to do that would be
amazing
it does no it doesn't right basically we
booked dinner tonight or I've got dinner
when I look through all of this stuff
for 8:30 tonight in the restaurant but
we kind of can't be bothered to go down
to the restaurant I see a table because
we're so relaxed and cozy so I'm going
to ask Vikings
yeah so I'm gonna see if I can cancel my
booking and then have dinner that's just
that's it I'm done I am literally my
perfect day yes yes thank you
right I'm probably gonna fall back
asleep and order some food all right
guys move tucked up in the world's
biggest bed and we just watching some
Louie through documentary is super super
old-school he looks so young it's funny
oh my gosh I'm stuffed we got room
service and we ate so much food it's
unbelievable
like just insane how much I just ate I'm
still feeling so relaxed I'm gonna in
the book yeah thank you so much for
watching today if you enjoyed it give it
a big old thumbs up let's see if we can
get 30,000 30,000 that's your aim again
take your nose oh can that guys love you
see you tomorrow good oh we still got
treatment Mogul massage and stuff oh
trying to have a camera down to the pole
and remember good night
