good morning guys I literally can't open
my eyes
my arm was even hurting to hold it up
all I know is that zombie it's gone
downstairs
my sister's rung me and I said probably
it's too early when we back made up and
so he just shouted up saying that she's
made some sort of breakfast no wake up
I'm so tired
my arms falling because those made me
for breakfast guys Thank You Butthead
and then I've also got there so I'm
gonna try this yet we just got it
yesterday in the food delivery which is
cold pressed smoothie and then this
one's strawberry and banana come on baby
come on in know that up here good girl
there's some treats in there some cheese
for us alright guys we just got the bath
now so he gave me like a pamper session
also kind of just haven't logged a lot
of today no wait my friends under there
there we go
and yeah I kinda just haven't a lot of
today oh can you see my bum in the
mirror just wearing boxers and what's
what's the times are we top six half
past six in the evening I can are laying
down she's so good kind of just having
like a relaxing day also into the tip of
my mum it's rubbish because somebody
stole our wheelie bin it's not
no no because the one the one that's
next to our house is a double we only
had a single Parisian what they put it
in the middle of vents well then why are
there neighbors mr. neighbours don't be
stealing our wheelie bin cuz I went out
to put some rubbish
earlier I'm not only yesterday and we
didn't have a wheelie bin down good yeah
she's so good now guys that laying down
she's actually awesome right we've got
some treats for nyla to teach her to lay
down what no I gave her dinner full on
the bath yeah and and then we've got
some treats for us of course my favorite
chocolate in the whole wide world got
some magic stars you guys always tweet
me about magic stars whenever any of you
have magic stars oh is that after you
jealous and I'm like and then today I am
she's so good gnarly you're such a cutie
you ever no no scribble on the bed just
made myself a little breakfast in bed
what am I doing this remember there's
literally something like my brain that's
just not there
just remember self little dinner in bed
since it's half-past nine it's a kid's
meal and it's not healthy but it's half
past nine and I just can't be bothered
to cook so this is what made some
noodles and toast called toodles a
little portion of peas and of course
some smiley faces and then I've got this
drink which i think is actually a fake
cold pressed smoothie and it's raw and
it's delicious
bit of a change of plan just got dressed
don't go ahead frozen yeah so I've got
new music on right now and I'm off to
the casino I'm off to meet my friend che
you guys know che off to it my friend
Lawrence you guys might know my friend
Lawrence you might not but yeah they are
at the casino the moment they've just
finished playing actually chase still in
Lawrence just lost like just went out
there in a poker tournament like see no
that could be a fun not like a big big
thing at all but because someone's
ringing me think it's my taxi yeah my
taxis outside so I need to rush off but
yeah they said to me earlier that they
were going to the casino and I sigh ah I
like playing a bit of roulette blackjack
stuff like that so I was like if you're
if you finish early let me know so the
time is half past eleven and I was like
yeah that's all good cuz I've got a
blooming yeah sorry
nylons are asleep obsess I've got really
exciting day tomorrow betting on my
shoes with Zoe we've got such an
exciting day I'm not gonna tell you what
we're doing but you've probably seen me
from Twitter to onions to kind of stuff
like that that is so exciting what we're
doing tomorrow together so I do have to
be up early but obviously I'm not gonna
drink or anything a lot at the casino
just for a bit of fun stay there until
like 1:00 or 2:00 a.m. so I thought if
I'm not to film in there
the next clip is Eve were going to be in
bed if I'm not allowed to film in there
or me and the casino hi guys I just got
home now I kind of lost tonight and I
wasn't allowed to film in that office so
I wasn't allowed to well my hanging
there walked in there like take your hat
off I was like okay know what take it
off now I was like whoa calm down there
yeah I was good see Laura Sanchez well
they both lost the casino is never a
good idea it's a bit of fun and I never
ever spend like a lot of money I just
spent like a little bit just to meso
that with that I know that I don't mind
losing just the same as if I went out
for an evening and I bought a couple of
drinks just that small amount like an in
how many drinks or anything like that
although I did just buy fish and chips
sun-god fish and chips downstairs Zoe
you know they're still bad no no baby
I'm gonna go put you to bed now you
can't even see her you can just see
Elliot and I write my name of love guys
are now I'm gonna put knowledge about it
and you buy fish and chips so I'll catch
you tomorrow we've got a super how
excited you for tomorrow I haven't told
them what it is but it's so exciting I
catch you tomorrow night tomorrow night
I'll catch you do I go
good actually wait I didn't think of the
video thumbs up you guys know to do that
by now good night
