good morning guys how ya do and actually
wake up really early today and I did in
Ireland this morning and then I put her
back to bed she went back to sleep over
at sleep for a little bit and then woke
up at 9 o'clock she woke up and using
the toilet quite early at half-past
seven
within she went straight back to sleep
so it's fine I've got all of this mess
to tidy up I'm gonna try and do it now I
don't know just call me bothered
I've just finished editing and uploading
my main channel video it hasn't gone
live yet because the time what's the
time now it's gone up at half past
twelve and the time is half past eleven
now so I've got like another hour to it
there's life but it's all waiting and
ready to go live and it was the video I
hope you enjoyed it yesterday it was how
to make a healthy smoothie with Jamie
Oliver which was cool I think today I'm
just gonna stay in comfy clothes so I
think that's the aim of today so I'm
just got like a company teacher some gym
shorts I haven't changed my boxes yet
today I wore them yesterday I need to
change from what boxes and brush my
teeth I'm much Latif I had cheerio sorry
I'm really excited I don't know what I
think is because my videos already up
and I'm excited for you guys to see it
and I had Cheerios for breakfast this
morning this isn't sponsored and they
were delicious like I don't really I'm
not the biggest fan of breakfast I'm
more of a lunch and dinner guy but
Cheerios for breakfast today
but I mean delicious like so good so
yeah that's one thing well scan where
else have I got to tell you oh it's
Mother's Day just text my mom saying if
she was to get for lunch but she's see
it she's with my dad taking my dad's mum
for lunch so I think I'm going to see
her later on about half-past three four
clock kind of thing
I've got her a present if I can't tell
you I got her because um it's not
Mother's Day I saw watching this it's
not gonna ruin anything and it is not
sponsored before you guys think the
Gazoo we spoke about it in a video a
couple of days ago because she gets it
and in the post
basically it's re signed up this thing
called that bloomin wild and it's
basically like flowers that come through
the post in like a little letterbox like
this kind of the big and it's awesome is
like a bunch flowers and you can choose
every week or every two weeks or every
month and for how
many months you want it so I got my mom
like a subscription to that so she's
gonna get a new bunch of flowers through
the post and they're like beautiful
flowers every two weeks for six months
so that's from me and my sister for
Mother's Day which is I know she's gonna
love it because she loves love's and
love to get a new bunches of flowers
that means everybody have anything to
give her today and haven't got a card
yet so since we're meeting after lunch
I'm going to nip into town in a minute
after my MIDI goes live and I'm gonna
grab her a card and a bunch of flowers
now and then obviously she's got her
monthly subscription as a present but I
think I think my mom's very very
sentimental to even just like spending
the day with me she will enjoy well
hopefully hopefully Zoey has taken all
this shopping out unpacked oh and it all
looks amazing lots and lots of healthy
stuff and these strawberries
I wish YouTube could transfer some hours
because they smell delicious right just
go dressed no guys already father Dory
still we're pretty confident that
skinnies so these shoes I've got them in
black as well you guys have seen them oh
they're from office but they're like let
me show you the inside I don't I've
shown you these in blocks before they're
like that in the inside so literally
like they're my favorite shoes like I've
ever had and I wear them clubbin and
everything and they just never get dirty
it's really strange there's some look
comfy then it's got competition on the
normal stuff I told you guys before
videos that I've quite obsessed with
buying new toothbrushes like I love the
feeling of using a brand new toothbrush
and I didn't think that I really bought
that many until I just looked our
toothbrush - I can't even speak why can
I spit my brother at the moment tooth
brush holder this is mine this is mine
this is mine this is mine this one
direction one's mine is tongue cleaners
while that one's not mine but I also
of a keyboard toothbrushes oh when they
got another toothbrush here and either
one of mine and I've got that new black
electric one I bought which is in my
suitcase
I literally have about seven
toothbrushes I think any personal way
but this one here listen to this one
kind of too long otherwise I'll get
copyrights about own the music
then can I get two of these big ones and
one of these ones as you saw in the
video from a mom the other day I always
despite these coasters every single year
as like a running joke so of course I
had to go and buy the one of them that's
what you just saw and then obviously the
Lopez hey hey there and then obviously
the place where me and I could for lunch
and supper that with the joining our
technology all day because I'm gonna
head to this now you doing Elfie you
know me guys just be a man you of metals
day being the best son in the world all
the mums up there if you walked in be
jealous he's just a genius he's an
absolute genius I just you're just I'm
gonna call you green fingers from now on
isn't that what they call a gardener and
there we go guys look how many I am it's
not mum can mum can grow or her a sweet
peas on there is that them so far mum I
mean I think they got quite a thing they
got quite a long way to go to get all
the way up that they go quickly because
there we go given another come on hurry
up just got back home now guys and I'm
out in the garden of nyla cuz I think
she needs the toilet but she she won't
go will you hurry up
come on net1 go to the toilet just had a
really really nice day of my mom and my
dad and my grandma as well just
celebrating Mother's Day and exchanging
presents and just spending time together
where is she is she coming here we go
look she's doing a wee everyone just
think it's you were wondering yes my
camera did break yesterday somehow did
you know that there were horse crap -
that's weird
did you know that oh you can't see a
difference when filming a little bit
these bits you know like it cameras the
shutter bits where it goes like this
which is annoying because this is a
blooming expensive camera and I don't
know how it broke I'm guessing I dropped
on the floor or something now me or
probably threw it on the floor some are
deny this camera isn't cheap what were
you doing just going there you weren't
what were you doing doing yesterday
you're like don't do guys so ugly now
people are going to be like you're such
a harsh boyfriend you were put in an
ugly face as a joke and I said it was
very ugly no it wasn't that you were
doing more yeah you did it like that
everyone's gonna think I'm harsh now can
I put up a picture of what you see
because I took pictures of Zoey like it
because you know that you didn't look
your best okay guys I'm going to attach
the picture grey so you look beautiful I
wouldn't do that to you cos enough what
I said though I can look bad I think I
look beautiful in every way control good
saying she's sexy she's you know it's
okay you know that but I want to see if
she wants to go into w al que no no what
I'm thinking Johanna kind of walk doing
her gonna walk walk
Nullah no no you wanna kind of walk do
you do anything a walk a walk kill my
name okay don't get to the door yet
we're gonna have to get you some sweets
and two bags and stuff you ready a
minute go she was asleep like fast
asleep on me
but she hasn't been out of the walk
today so I think I need to take her out
one definitely don't we yeah you waiting
patiently while so get a poo back finish
the walk that was a nice little a little
walk in the dark it was a little bit
cold not us come back and she's just
she's just sleeping so he's got beginner
what have you made me what is it you
tell them it looks delicious
just decided that we will know what to
movie together it we call because we
finished all the uploading or their
edges in for today so we can find it
relax and watch movie awesome TV and
there's never a really good on TV so
we're going to come baby here so we're
gonna watch boyhood neither of us have
seen before
so we just went to debt off of the
Virgin TV thang and rented it in HD and
I didn't realize it's two hours 39
minutes long that's wrong normally
they're like an hour and 49 the movie
yeah yeah yeah yes you join the movie
people one Nick was sleeping so such you
doing it
I fell asleep guys Zoe stop massaging my
ears you just play with my ears and then
I fell asleep so I don't know what's
happened for the last like ten minutes
but other than that it's good I really
I'm really enjoying it yeah you love all
their like old school like consoles yeah
they've one in there because it's filmed
over ten years or something like that
I'm not gonna look at your forehead did
he shave it bald his stepdad made him
shave I shaped my headboard for charity
in year nine when you cried because
they're so drastic is upset me by did if
charity so I didn't mind right guys just
got tucked up in bed I kind of just sat
down stairs on my computer
we finished on a we didn't finish nearly
got to the end of the film but we both
were just asleep on the sofa
not on top of us it sounds like I let's
go to bed and then I kind of did the
stupid thing of going and looking at my
computer but just then left me just
stuck on my computer now for like an
hour and a half and it's now one o'clock
in the morning I've got to tell you guys
that you know I don't know how long ago
wasn't about two weeks ago maybe more
with hazel and Sam King I shot a video
with Ribena
I don't even remember but anyways that
video is gonna lie by pretty sure it's
not on YouTube I think it's on their
website so I will leave a link down
below to in the description if you want
to check out is basically like a fun
challenge day you guys sort of my vlog
it was just a lot of fun we shot some
really weird stuff so I leave a link
down below to it but yeah that's about
it also I leave it down below to my new
main channel video which went up
yesterday for you guys with Jamie Oliver
or if you just want to know how to make
nice delicious healthy
Moody's really easily then now it's all
good for you don't know what else leave
a link down below to subscribe and never
really tell you guys to subscribe
I always forget to tell you to subscribe
that's probably one of the main things
to YouTube so if you know already
welcome to my channel if you didn't know
that this is my second channel there
must be some people that watch these
vlogs not knowing that this is my second
YouTube channel I do have another and I
can't even speak another YouTube channel
that actually has more subscribers than
this one if you want to check out I'm
gonna end the vlog thank you for
watching guys if you enjoyed today give
it a thumbs up let's try and hit because
yesterday I got I uploaded my video war
today for me uploaded my video tonight
and I got 14,000 likes on it straight
away like really quickly within like an
hour or something crazy and then I
realized that there's a clip missing so
I had to take down my video and we
upload it so I don't even know how many
likes it's gone now because I just lost
all those views and likes which sucks
but anyways that doesn't matter the
target for this video let's go really
let's just go stupidly high like why not
let's just go say five thousand thirty
five thousand thank you so much watching
guys I love you so much and now I will
get to you tomorrow I don't actually
know what I'm doing tomorrow right into
my No
