good morning guys it's not really the
morning too much will ever happen to
wait for ages people are just kidding
but I did wake up in the mood is through
11:55 yes Louie yeah Louisa Livi's on my
time oops that's oh good but I did wake
up in the morning I woke up at 10 past
9:00 and sorry did the dogs this morning
mama dad and also come and picked up
buzz now sirs a lot more calm as you can
tell the atmosphere and there was a boy
for breakfast it's you in sleepy yeah
does he have naps in the morning yeah
Louie's off now
blues got off to do by tomorrow crazy I
wanna go too / wait are you out there
for a week yeah come out
I should I come out come out later in
the week or what am i doing whatever
balloon oh sorry can I go out I hope you
come out I'm being serious I've got my
birthday thing with my mum sees a car
phenomenal she's got a possible isn't
she no no under weekend wait when's that
next weekend
your button come out I could go out and
like Wednesday what are you doing I'm
gonna check my calendar
guys I might be gonna do bye
wait I'm being serious my customer lives
out there as well so we could just see
her point where we're going away on
Wednesday so I come tomorrow food look
like it's not that far away go you
should definitely go
oh no we're we're on Tuesday release
Awareness Day yeah mmm Thursday well
I've got something a booked in on
Thursday well then what you're going to
go home right now and then come back
again
late Thursday yeah I've got a meeting on
Thursday so unless I just went on
Wednesday afternoon came back Wednesday
evening oh yeah new mission appeared
that's so creepy
only white and you guys know Ollie why
honey honey honey honey he's name is I
might need a little more his name is
Ollie white he's the best in the land
welcome to the German limit damn it
they've a liver today hey you're not a
true fan Oh what come next then
obviously I know I'm just not singing
also it doesn't look like I'm too keen
God NOLA what comes next
well you know the only white theme June
honey
Oh Oh only she is not a fan of y'all oh
she's obviously not subscribed to Olly
Olly Olly
holy
Oh Olly I'm really sorry but no who
doesn't like the videos yes just your
theme Jim that's all it is
you see beam - do you know that well as
well also day what is it then don't it
you don't know yeah Dave - yeah no I do
know what that's wrong what uh little
grim oh yeah oh you didn't even know I
know I did wait what the theme tune sing
with the YouTube you didn't even know I
can stretch it with Little Britain or
sorry Enfield
why is Zoey subtext in me you're selling
a group text um what was I gonna say
yeah we're watching only why it's got a
is it 12 part or 6 part something he's
got I think it's 12 this is episode two
of cinema cinema he acts cinematics
it's got a very educational program and
it's in the Maineiacs which is on CBBC
it's actually really really good
I just watched it for the first time and
he didn't also drop like really really
good so that's not what if you watching
this is not everywhere I know what
you're about to say even Louise just
send it to me a minute go cuz Lily came
in use all your watching all these
program I was like oli would be like
best like children's team
presenter like ever he's just so he just
got that like things object hasn't a
yeah there's over a fullback 3 to 100
thing how could you do that to me
did it get it you have to go that way
lean that way lean that are you ready
would you look at that look at it it's
love told me to sing a Disney song hmm
I just looked at me like shut up
the skinny judges have arrived Emilio
and Eduardo very excited in the guardian
guardian in the garden I said for the
last two days I've insane yesterday with
the car and I'm like yeah we're just
walking home now as I know no we're
driving literally in the car I thought I
was maybe in English name they call them
Guardians yeah this is this is our
guardian guardian of your city
that's good one he knows that I'm
surprised you know you that one yeah he
says that spell in the film modem or
gonna media
Oh gonna media you're gonna brush NOLA
and then ah that's nice
Oh Cory you can see is this room cozy
Emilia I know what you mean you and
watch some TV what films you put on a
film for you should we put on folks like
yeah you like Mike's life so we're now
watching bug's life have you seen this
before you excited Oh jung-hee good
thing
Oh Eduardo's watching it as well he's
just down there having a little play oh
he's dancing
hahaha the video is up here I think you
would I really like this film knowledge
here - oh my let's come up and give me a
cuddle as well we're gonna watch at ed
white is trying to don't go outside
though cuz the walls glass over there
bring him over here
good girl good boy
hey mister we cannot just film together
now in your hand and you say sit baby
powder fit mother
sit you hold it hold up and say sit yeah
louder good you do again lean tempo burn
what do you jump Lin and then what can
you do that do you know it's called a
Rollie pollie what is that your hat
Amelia you're crazy you're crazy it's
easy Spadina guys just hit just running
a grub in the takeaway then that's gonna
call off for me to carry you gonna sleep
now
naina Amelia you know gonna sleep I go
wake up you wake up already
watch your necklace okay do you want to
Joe your hair righty-ho guys is end of
the day Anna Jonathan and Eduardo and
Amelia have left how cute with a today
and Nala was so good today like she
literally just didn't really take notice
of them like she was just like she
didn't Jam of them and sleep in Bonita
like she was sitting when Amelie was
saying sit and she was just like playing
with Eduardo on the floor and stuff like
that she's been so good but it's the end
of the day so thank you so much for
watching the vlog if you enjoyed it give
it a big old thumbs up let's try again I
wonder how many people yond when I just
yawned my mouth is literally like is so
hard not to yawn yawn
oh if you just you all give you the
thumbs up anyways your target today is
33333 that's your target
how many people have to have yawned jack
and not only beyond
no I don't even know I'm gonna end rod
I'll catch you two guys - mother also as
you're watching this know that you're
only game is going to make your own
again as watching this guy's head over
to my new main Channel video are
leveling doing I leave a link down below
I made an awesome video of Jamie Oliver
the chef general are you guys don't know
who he is on how to make a really really
really tasty smoothie in fact two
smoothies and so if you're into that
kind of thing go check it out if you're
not you don't have to it's as simple as
that
I'll catch you tomorrow can you put your
hand over the camera because I can't do
it good bye
