good morning guys is super early going
for breakfast
Jamie's I just get bullied guys it's
Jacob
you don't mean wait what's the advert
I'm yeah it's only half-past three guys
I'm starting my day two o'clock just got
my main course it's quite big as this is
this my main course sure you gonna
finish that is that air right
our actual meal is right before was just
like a little taster thing this is the
starter as usual like the biggest
sharing plank in the world and of course
left one of these is really though yeah
no one else is gonna be in that this
what about what all the next one is we
got one each no I'm not here chili oh my
God looks very in
good hello main-course don't even know
is like poop or canned lentils or laughs
oh is it loud
oh yeah it's now isn't it is it good she
recommended this it's one of June a
steak I mean so much today actually are
you getting that sorry look at this only
Louie would do that with me this is an
ice cream miss pavlova she fancies me
everything I get
she puts little polyps on for me but
nobody else that she realizes I'm just
finished up delicious yes to quite
realize that's why it's so dark outside
yeah are we gonna be doing today then
also actually I haven't even told you
guys
we've got buzz over because my parents
are going to London today to see the
Opera which is something that they never
ever do one of my mom's friends likes
opera so they go over her and I don't
think my dad's really into the Opera so
yeah they've gone there and we've got
both for the day the moment buzzer
knowledge is having to sleep back at
home so when we get back it's gonna be
crazy double pug trouble them to play
fighting bye guys we're just walk-in
home no been a green-screen myself we
were just driving home I was driving
home because I've got my license
driving everyone homer was in my Ferrari
these bloggers got weird we're basically
on the way home now for my breakfast and
I thought you know what's fun
let's go Toys R Us you want it you can
those pets I hope my psycho toy surprise
and then where are you gonna go what
where you go you going back okay
oh you're going to Sophie hold the
bunnies I want to go play with the kids
toys hello hello hello
oh look at this this is just everything
I want right now
this is our every child's dream a frozen
aisle yes got BMW I can't drive you need
to drive you could wait that's literally
like your penny board Oh
oh how do I go yes go Louie couldn't get
the engine started in my finale petrol
must have run out put both feet on it
and then you like move side to side whoa
what do we do my feet though yeah all
right you ready
go there we go there we go over finished
up in Toys R Us there wasn't anything
that I wanted which is a shame because I
love buying kids toys and things I think
I'm just still kid at heart
but now we're pets at home look at these
cute little bunnies I would kind of like
a bunny oh my gosh hello the guinea pigs
for Connors oh we see the section on
what sure just one of them all we've
already got two guinea pigs Azure now
look at that little one inside they're
thinking these two Louie wants to get
Nala this tennis ball but I think it's a
bit too big for her mouth yeah no
checking out fit in her mouth she's
quite a big dog
the one I think these are cute oh can we
get matching like it that one Sookie
that for one of them yeah and that one
which $1 I gave them we've got a cheeky
little takeaway for lunch it's 3 o'clock
in the morning guys
Zuri has been in bed for probably about
three hours now well what's the time is
it half past three it's 22 for Milly
we've just been chatting and chilling
and hanging out have you had a good day
yeah of course
thanks for coming man Louise conserve
tonight and then you're leavin in the
morning what yeah yeah and then you have
to do buy on Sunday yeah yeah crazy man
crazy right if you enjoyed the video
guys reliving all thumbs up you know
what to do and I'll catch you know I
don't want to do it tomorrow at all
I'll it have no idea what I'm doing at
all tomorrow maybe Phil gave me video so
I've been slacking my gamer videos this
week I did film some and then the audio
messed up on them and I edited it three
times but the audio kept and going out
sync so my mouth was different to what
he was saying I don't know I'll try my
best I love you good night
