good morning guys that was good little
bit it was alright good morning guys
it's like 6:30 know we're awake such an
is-8 most not it's not 8 o'clock
what is the actual time and kept up
strange today
no I go up again garlic yeah in the wake
since what constitute call 8 what
constitutes alliance is it when you
sleep till a certain point yeah for sure
not lie in like back to sleep okay well
yeah no I think a lion is when you can
just chill in bed okay I would say as
long as you're fully relaxed then it's a
lion if there was like a much life in
what happens in a cave opens if you wake
up at 7 a.m. you get back into bed be
starting work that's not a lion be
annoying in what we've been doing though
working in bed no you just did work in I
was trying to get you off your laptop
ages anyways guys as you saw in the blog
oh my lens looks dirty that bit clean up
you can you see you better and as you
saw on the blog the other day I bought a
load snowboarding gear and so he hasn't
actually seen it yet love you trust me
he's been trying to show me and now I'm
finally given it know I've been trying
to meet Zoe look at my snowboarding
clothes cuz I'm so excited for ages now
and she doesn't want to look at them
which upsets me you got that James Dean
day dream look in your eye and I got
that red lip classic thing that you like
and when we go well you make sure you
see my snowboard in college Garrett do
you want see much nobody goes how much I
tend to want to see those 11 I've
trained her well trained her well white
there in two big bags down there I'm
gonna pull some stuff and I'll show you
as well guys this is Alfie's
snowboarding haul is this is released
and eNOS pants right now so I don't know
if he would appreciate me
Birmingham you're gonna put some are you
putting it on are you yeah poor flash
lookbook well so I look bedroom look
Hall / Tryon oh look at these yeah these
are for fall over look at your bum then
I got nice padding yeah you've got to
keep that tushy safe that's all good and
then I got these they look like the fari
pants I like a lotion spray so do you
not wear anything on top of the blue
yeah you can wear like what's it called
no just are such keep them warm I'm
delaying kind of glaze excuse the mess
on my dressing table this was
yesterday's makeup that will be like
that they're cool
they look good yeah they look at it big
love you put men on the sides
well maybe Vegas smuggled in if it was
so do you wear like long johns and
things generally oh wow I wish all
trousers had that you know like
sometimes when you just feel a bit or
bloated what about with these because
they're quite loose knees I don't know
they got things on the side again my
jacket so what's you want West animals
yeah do you wear like a little rubber
ball that would just feathers everywhere
because we don't ever do they cover on
the Dubey cool I just like the ecology
beneath the bed again oh wait the bed
25% off as well
oh no it was good wasn't that I really
like that look so white and square it's
cool though did you get any sunglasses
don't forget my helmet put that on am I
even in shop yeah what color reflective
color did you go for I went for the
reflective color there's some special
prism ones so that you can see the
detail in the snow better is that what
you've got yeah do you put it over your
helmet or under your helmet over did you
buy a snowboard no I didn't buy board
you bought boots oh right boots and they
were custom fit to me as well let's just
show you them oh wow are they like ones
yeah are they're cool and they don't
even have laces at the front you just
got this that license that you say yeah
yeah put in there loosens oh that's
really cool how much quicker is that you
can't see anything
Oh what like this our Hey
hi you back from my me dare back from a
meeting just realize that the last clip
was probably me in the shower
awesome I just put the dishwasher on
tidied everything in the kitchen come
into my office and realize that I've got
stuff there that needed to go in but on
what a mother
haha have a half positive note I got
this little guy which is my Invisalign
bag for my Invisalign braces stop so now
I need to get and it's by my next one
I'll just put you down on the side guys
these are my new number three braces
like number three meaning the third set
I'm gonna put them in now it's gonna
hurt for a couple of days and I might
sound like I've got a bit of a list but
that's just how it is here we go
wow they feel tight oh my gosh
there we go they're in I'm happy with
them they don't hurt at all they just
feel like tight because obviously they
get pushed into a new shape now and then
after like two days be wearing them I'll
be completely used to them and then in
number two weeks I change them again
that's cool
I'm excited up the third set in it is a
beautiful day why it's a beautiful day
it's a beautiful day the sun is up
something mission what do you think
would be shy though huh oh yeah there we
go there we go
hello all right we're good $10 but did
you know where me dad went for lunch the
other day
oh we ever tried to the table over there
from our dinner last night
we enjoy that when we get back and we're
meeting dad by Daniel cafe in the other
day you know the one we learn as a cop I
think it's cool like what's it called at
the flower pot some like that and I
really really really like it in there
and when I was in the other day they
were like up I saw somebody walk in oh
the guinea pigs need some water I saw
somebody walk in with a tiny little dog
and I was like oh can you bring your
dogs in here now right yeah of course
you can it's really nice now
really open our cake here we got
mozzarella kind of a flatbread thing
little sausage roll got this the other
day then I also got this the other day
so you've already seen these two and
then we got coffee coming just finished
up lunch and did I lose my sunglasses
oh no they're my pocket and we're having
a little stroll I could get some new
shoes what is the aim of us coming to
town except from God for a little walk
it was wasn't that anything else should
I get some shoes a little one coming in
stop pulling so much she's so excited we
just got the pavilion Gardens now and it
is beautiful and there's loads of
pigeons which Nala isn't used to so
every time she sees run even if it's
flying she's like no trying to catch it
and I'm like you can't catch that it's
in the air lol oh no I just got back
from the doctors um some good so right
there not bad news at all basically guys
or got some new headphones here wearing
our the new headphones and they're
upstairs basically off to the gym and
doctors not bad lose at all not like
good news like he knew what it was
basically I saw like a specialist as you
saw a lot saw Fergus or silver one side
and throat a chest kind of thing and
then he basically said we're not I'm not
whoa-ah literally just Beth
legit just spell up the stairs
so the doctor said don't pull it boys
you'll hurt yourself
what he said was he basically said 21
year old your age just don't get chest
pains like that that's not a normal
thing to get so what we're gonna do is
we're just going to check and test that
absolutely everything so I went in there
and I had it so III my house kay do we
need my house kay um I'd basics running
my hair is awful by the way I went in
there had to test for literally
everything time like a blood test for 8
million different things that could be
shown in my blood and x-ray on my chest
I'm going back for an ultrasound of my
chest I'm also going back for one of the
little cameras down my throat into my
stomach got a urine sample I had a
little swab for my nose and my groin
basically checking for anything possible
that it could be which is good I think
that was really big positive because
often when you go to the doctors they're
like not sure what it is let's just see
what happens in the next 30 days and
then like young I tried that and it
still works so basically something is
going to come back as a result and yeah
that is it so don't worry guys I don't
that's the one thing though if I'm
opening up and telling you about this
doctor stuff and going and checking on
my stomach I don't want you to be
worrying about me I'm not saying that
one of you will but I know what some of
you are like I don't you are you're not
trying to guess what you've got googling
it
you're gonna precise yeah that's the
thing don't google anything because as
soon as you googled pain it comes back
the worst possible things in the world
and the doctors always say don't Google
stuff because it's Google and it just
isn't right and they don't know so I'm
in checking from like an actual
specialist and I'm getting checked for
everything possible so soon we will have
the results where are we up to today is
only Jim Randle Joan Rhonda the gym I
got my gym bag Jim lad and we're off to
the gym so Zoey was the one that said
guys should we go to the gym all right
should we go
all right let's go to the gym there we
go how happy you were that you go home
now I got my chocolate bar you got your
drink let's go
now you got shade
two three Zoey's stepping up the weights
added 20 kilograms
going you got that gone yeah like I know
he's going to be proud one more what
yo o YN / the way back
there's always escape to run over to
their Optive something easier I'll go
only been on in like 17 minutes and I'm
dying guys oh my gosh
pudding Klein not too fast walk in but
bro
I'm unhealthy having done her walk out
how was it you know like a little a
little mouse sitting on there all right
guys I would say more tucked up in bed
but I'm not because I'm just glad to eat
dinner just got back I made some mash
and some pasta and everything but it's
so hot that I'm not going to get into
bed to tuck up because I'm boiling did
you have a good day most time at the gym
Yeah right
I'm gonna level all guys it's been a
long day and I'm knackered I think going
to the gym is good for me because it
means like right now it's 20 boss it's
20 for 11 and I'm tired that's blowing
good opposites me though cuz I'm
normally asleep by now but I'm wide
awake hmm that's good as well right I'll
catch you tomorrow the video guys give
it a thumbs up don't forget to check out
yesterday's video it was super super fun
means I basically ended up chatting
loads of random stuff on the sofa it's
cool I'll leave a link down below as
usual give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
think of it said that I'll see you
tomorrow good night
I don't know I'm doing
