good morning guys how are you learn NOLA
I literally haven't seen you in like two
days have I have I know last night guys
when they got home oh yeah also I should
apologize at the end of the yesterday's
vlog ended so abruptly basically as you
saw I was bullying in the train station
I'm a camera dynamite at a charge so
what I did yesterday is I we're from the
transition minor picked up and wide the
mummer's boards back here eight the
vigor members and fell asleep on the
sofa whilst eating the white numbers and
then woke up like 1:00 in the morning so
he did the same so you didn't really
miss out too much anyway I've just
finished up the biggest longest best
book meeting ever book - boom no no book
meeting ever I just had a book meeting
and it was so so so good and I don't
even what I'm allowed to show you but
I'm just going to show you it anyway so
let me find some good lighting over here
one second when books are printed you
print the front cover separately to all
the pages and this here is like legit a
real to set that to front covers or book
to real but they're never ever going to
get put into a book they're just on a
piece of paper for me to look at and
I've signed it and I think I'm going to
get it cut out properly and then put on
the wall somewhere the house so I can
remember it we could get want to put one
actually as well and so it's been signed
now this year let me put on the floor to
show you is officially a real cover or
book to like two real covers look at
this it's like all shiny gold it's
awesome and then I've signed it there in
the middle so I think I'm going to get
that cut out there and then like put on
the wall is like a a memory is so cool
it looks a bit more pink in the camera
than it doesn't feel like I love it so
much but anyways that's salute number
two and the meeting was showing me like
the app in book number two I don't know
I'm not gonna explain too much because
book 2 comes out on the second
of April in the UK so that's like three
weeks three weeks until my second book
comes out I'll leave a link down below
if you want to preorder it and I'm so so
excited
anyways this is chicken here we go here
we go here we go
some chicken do you want some chicken
chicken you don't want any I'm gonna
make some chicken oh the egg noodles
free-range egg noodles they went out
there yesterday is that okay to eat yeah
I'm gonna have some egg noodles and
chicken and then I'm going to throw in
some vegetables some vegetable aids
maybe some what they butternut and sweet
potato that sounds blooming dealie shiz
dice how do I cut that seven minutes on
the hob turns out I can have that for
dinner guys just chopped up all the
chicken there's about to start
marinating it in the Nando's sauce and I
can't because you know what although it
said it goes out date today is smelt
like egg don't think chickens meant to
smell like rotten egg
Paula means us out date is the best so
I'm going to opt for some little pasta
thing right now and then I might just I
don't know what I'm gonna make maybe
some pasta
afterwards it's relaxing time or get out
the way in my face it's relax some time
now guys it's Tony tab dinner
I'm excited what I'm having registered
both my videos good boy well you can
have for dinner Domino's gnarly buddy I
didn't have it yes come out of Domino's
pretty lady pretty one gonna set fast
asleep guys hey also guys I forgot to
say blow me and how hard I've got that's
a key you speak so funny sometimes you
don't really why I don't even know how
why I do it I just say strange things
some of those little what's wrong with
the way little lady weighs them anyways
well I was about to say say it normally
say say normally what I was about to say
say say say Drake and say and it was
about to say course I realize I'm doing
that you know you know what's doing on
bad verse and then I thought oh god I
got my brain up anyways guys stop
tickling me
basically the guys over a Hunger Games
contacted me the other day they drop me
an email and they're like every we know
you like The Hunger Games and it's weird
because I never ever bother checking out
the Hunger Games
Aegeus I watched them all really late
and then when I did watch them I was
like oh my god I'm obsessed I was like
talking about them in videos and tweet
about them and everyone was like yeah
after we've known they've been good for
ages water you watched it together
didn't where we like we basically what I
remember in my flat as I watched it and
I was only one detour to the next one
now like and then I made my mom or teal
with me the next day and then my mom
bizarro I haven't seen the other one and
I was like wait you're watching that
right now it's just I would or and I was
like we're watching it now together and
I made her in fact I still think she's
got a ten minutes left she had to leave
early for something anyways guys I'll
stop waffling on the people over Hunger
Games gone done to me to say that the
new Hunger Games Mockingjay part 1 comes
out in the 16th and it's both blu-ray
and DVD launch and they basically said
to us it would call for you and Zoe in a
video to see like do a quiz to see who
knows the Hunger Games better see you've
got an advantage over me because I've
not seen Mockingjay part 1 which is why
I'm super excited fridge oh it's the
previa yeah exactly and I owe it to the
Bremer I think God you couldn't make it
Mockingjay part 1 yet without goods it
comes out in the 16th and we've got
blu-ray player it doesn't help with the
Quiznos
blu-ray player and a new big TV in there
should we have on give me some yeah I
wish get the flu breeze memories Oh
black blue breathe the ones that kill
them oh we bit is it just like a cinema
snack you can get some blueberries I was
like oh I'd probably rather get
chocolate crisps but if your blueberries
anyways right so should we do this quiz
yeah right they sent me the quiz here on
my phone and it is like it says the
question then the answer man your cheese
no I've got
scored here see it says questions there
and then you scroll down and this
question one so I'm going to say
question one than you do question two
this way why it's a question one Zoey
what we both need to mention is the
lighting even any good right question
one you're not allowed to look oh I've
lost it now what is Katniss's sister's
name you know who that is yeah the
little girl with the plaited blonde hair
she's been in another film recently yeah
she's awesome
what's her name we might have to share
the place you got it right Primrose
Everdeen Primrose
you got that one Neil Chaz I mean you
guys keep track I'll try and keep track
I don't know how many questions are
there could be like 400 I'm never gonna
get this oh my god don't say ah do you
have to be to be entered into the
reaping I'm just gonna go with the
standard age that you have to be for
everything 18 there's another age as
well there's two ages I'm sorry Darla
uh-huh
I'm sorry baby like a weird panel oh I'm
sorry good sleep on Mayfield's another
age
my member car got full guys so I just
had to empty some footage right what was
my question what is the symbol of the
rebels of the rebels ah torn between two
we've got the three fingers like that or
the Mockingjay I don't know one
I'm just being so stupid I bet you've
everyone in my converse is like a feed
so of it I'm gonna go with the
Mockingjay because a stance and why but
it right okay who is the president of
distance 13 I know that the guys Apatow
is called Jon Snow I don't I don't I
don't know from channel 4 news what news
guy was at the party are that well Jenny
yes he's not good John these could
something snow I anyways the question is
here is the president
oh my Zoey okay sorry I don't know I
don't know
it is Alma coin oh okay I didn't know
that one either
I've lost like scoreboard by the way
guys so keep track for us what is the
name of the character played by Natalie
Dormer you're really good at your act
isn't actresses I mean if you have this
question you would have got it right I
don't know any actresses or actors by
their names they've I saw someone in the
street I'm like yo you're from super bad
yo your manga games
I just don't know their names not any
good any of the characters names in it
that you can just take a wild guess
Natalie Dormer I'm trying who looks like
Natalie who's just like I look at them
and I'm like yo your Anatomy it's not
Primrose is it no ah
Cressida or Cressida Cressida damn it in
Mockingjay part 1
who says if we burn you burn with us
I know but because of the trailer if we
burn you burn with Katniss how would you
get that wrong is nothing the trailer I
mean it you got it right and you haven't
even seen the film that's insane you
know got it oh yeah I know that I would
have got it right okay now I'm going to
get really hard question on the who I am
what is the name of the song Katniss
things before revisiting district 12 the
name of the song yeah can you think of
the song sing it I'm so badly pain pain
like small detailing field oh it should
you I didn't see I just went like that
to show you and what am I gonna kick
myself dude you know no I wouldn't know
this okay
the hanging tree oh I'm not too sure oh
I'm not sure about every one of the
conference's get all of these right
voice prim rescue him when she is nearly
locked up to district 13 evacuation I
actually do know this one I've not seen
this how I this is awkward
okay what would somebody be rescuing if
they got if they had to be taken out
their house or something really obvious
that you'd rescue either a cat or a dog
I'm gonna give you any tips
what is it likely just go of your gut or
a guinea pig it's not a guinea pig I
tell you that so it's not person it must
be an animal do you just know your gut
instinct what animal what would you do
what not it that's correct
literally I can yeah what happens when
Peter sees Katniss for the first time
after his rescue
oh he tries to beat her up he went
absolutely nuts and tried to like punch
her and stuff correct
I'll let you have that he tries to
strangle her yeah yeah what does the
capital drop after it bombs district 30
now you haven't seen this one no I have
that everybody would know this because
there's like a pivotal moment where they
come out of like underground and the
places covered I don't know you tell me
what was somebody drop on the floor oh
it's kind of hard you can see that then
drop bombs on the
or afterwards is white roses oh this is
making me really want to see the film
right yeah you did see it
wait what comes out soon is chin then no
loss okay yeah office I'm so the beach
right last question okay in Mockingjay
part 1 yeah says it's the things we love
most that destroy us sorry
you all know I'm laughing in with it I'm
gonna go Katniss's mentor know who is it
it's presidents know what's no no but no
buts
President Snow isn't her mentor no I'm
saying the snow from earlier double
question that we were laughing yeah it
wasn't John Snow haha
snow is actually the muffin from their
news yeah he was at the party I was at
two days ago no even though he I'd like
a 1050 bitter chat with you why don't
they John Snow President President Snow
okay ah that's it who won I don't say I
think I won I definitely think I won I
think I get more points to saying that
he was called Jon Snow
no okay guys last night the comments who
you think won also you need to see it so
we actually need bike rides to be
promoted it comes out and the 16 blu-ray
and DVD we're gonna get it yeah yeah
let's have a movie night my mom as well
because she hasn't seen it
alright a my dad not a baby I'm very
sorry bad not you lose then just because
we were talking over each other and I
need to have some dinner now I want to
watch The Hunger Games same not being
weird oh can we what trying to get
through tonight we got them on DVD so I
literally just sitting now now after
uploading that video watching tiny is
I'm still crying about the food by the
way watching Tonya's new vlog and in the
rock she was in yoga and I just walked
into here and she's literally on skype
with Zoe
hello what are you gonna show everyone
I'll be it's not shoutout yeah we can
see your bum right
are you ready for this yeah yeah what
you can store can you can you see can't
I can't see you at all
no yeah we can't really yeah are you
even got your trousers on even got those
sporty trousers on she's in a wheel guys
what's the wheel like a bridge hey
that's good that is good that's really
good
do you remember last year you can do
that yeah can you do a press-up I
remember when you can do one yeah do you
want that too yeah give me everything I
want it all was here yeah here we go
yeah that's good that's good
we can that was good I'm impressed hi
guys I finished up getting a wagamama
xored and if I showed you or not but I
did get one and I just tried to put
knowledge to bed in her little bedroom
and as I was filling up her water she
ran out you've snuck over here haven't
you haven't you little cutie sleepy one
you need to go in your little bedroom
all right guys just got all tucked up
into bed and I just remembered as I was
brushing my teeth that tomorrow I change
my vids line to my newer ones which is
basically you change your Invisalign
every single two weeks and the sounds
like I'm sponsored I'm not a legit paid
so much money for these kind of wish our
response and just giving them for free
but I wasn't I paid for them and yeah
basically these things you know my
visual braces would take them out I'll
let you just put them in you can
probably see them my better you change
them every two weeks to like a different
shape that gradually get more and more
more more more straight and tomorrow I
go to my third set and then to something
to go to my fourth set so that week or
seven my teeth for like two days they're
gonna take a little bit not too much but
we'll see so hopefully I won't forget I
need to remember tomorrow got change
them I've also got a meeting tomorrow
morning and then I'm going to the
doctor's tomorrow about my chest
there yeah so I'll catch you tomorrow
thank you so much also if you don't know
what my jesters don't worry about it
I just basically get some pain every
time I eat I told you guys loads and Jim
we need to play what do you mean go to
the doctors want your chest you guys
already know all of that stuff we are
going to a specialist tomorrow about
just by a specialist in like chests and
stuff which is going to be cool so
hopefully they'll know exactly what is
wrong there once I describe what's
happening and stuff like that anyways
thank you so much watching today if you
enjoyed it please give the video a
thumbs up let's try and get I liked the
other day we had a target of 33333 that
was fun so let's time did that again the
last time we beat it by loads we got
42,000 or something crazy anyways yeah I
got two new vlogs tonight so make sure
you've seen both of those or 20 both of
the links down below or something like
that but you guys never find them I'm
going to start off him I enjoyed the
little Q&A Hunger Games thing that I had
earlier with Zoey I'll catch you
tomorrow
so he's asleep I should probably shut up
anyway thank you so much watching guys
I'll catch you tomorrow good night
