good morning guys how are ya doin I'm
feeling so good this morning me and
Steve shared the bed last night he is
gone it's gone suit shopping which is
blooming
Sartain Faye's wedding suit he's left to
go on a met a friend thought I'd give
you a hotel room tour right so over here
this goes outside of the hotel that's
like the outside bit and then overhears
I can nice little chair little desk bit
a big old bed a TV hey it's a mirror oh
my gosh
a cupboard with a fridge there's lot
don't get it when hotels do this let me
purchase a drink over here we have
another covered with an ironing board
never ever gonna use no ironing her in a
Houghton iron annoying they know Hotel
what is this sticker say on the bathroom
please tie your feet before entering the
bedroom did you try a few points through
the bed and Johnny then that's good
anyways this is one of the bathrooms
we're going to bigger baths which we
didn't use shower which was so good
Michael shall we give this more than J
Mike was one of the shelves you know
when you get in there then you decide I
never want to step out and I just stood
there like after I'd watched and
everything for like five minutes I don't
want to get out and then we got over
here this side of it we've got toilet
obviously we got a mirror hey how you
doing hi you don't win how are ya don't
win yes that's one one bottle basically
when we go about last night we like well
explain them sex then we got that's the
front door that's recommended got
another toilet and etc in there and then
we've got this big old room which is I
Henchy boy that's leftover food from
last night we ordered way too much Steve
did the order and just got carried away
I was a sieve I just want pasta and then
he was like okay I'll get a ham cheese
toasted Roger I don't want that then he
was like I wanted passengers I was like
a go and then he orders two pizzas and
got more and more such a waste of food
such a waste of food I don't even know
and then this is our chase slept over
here on this sofa he had like running up
and asked for a duvet so that he could
stay over here and then over
like another desk and some cool little
ornament stuff and a little bike in case
you want to go out to shop and nip out
and get some food you can bite that that
is cool this is a really really cool
hotel saving a couple of tons of Zoey
when we had to everyone I did that
makeup thing for Halloween Mazzone on my
face was like melted off we stayed in
this hotel but obviously in another room
but yeah we got that last night and we
were at the party and everyone was
leaving we said right into the end and I
was like guys we kind of don't have a
hotel but I know that right nearby
there's a hotel that I've stayed in a
couple of times of Zoey and they do
really big runs so let's go and try and
get one of them so we basically just got
the biggest room they could give us
which is really cool luckily they had
one so we've got that do you have a copy
night sleep on the sofa
it was surprisingly year what actually
yeah seriously it was that's good right
because those is really really yeah I
said to Steve this morning I let you
close to my eyes and I didn't wake up
feeling like I hadn't slept but I woke
up in like I literally hadn't moved
position I was like I have not moved in
my sleep anyways it is now ten minutes
past twelve I've got lunch with Jamie at
half past one so I can't eat too much
we've actually been away for a while we
wait we also all arms for ten to ten and
beer which has been chilling there
hanging out and having showers and stuff
like that but now there's a Starbucks
just around the corner so I think we're
going to go get some coffee or food or
food or both that would be good let's go
hello ello ello London how are you doing
let's get coffee then let's go to
Starbucks then see you soon man it's
good seeing you
go get your fighting your taxi good bye
righty-o guys just get out of my taxi
and I'm off to go meet Jamie said oh
there it is I can't accomplish from it
yes miss Lydia Vale
so Jamie the video will be up on his
channel on is it going to Sunday gonna
be up on Sunday this is what we made
guys yeah man I know you know ahead and
ask cookies so good right how about
taking pictures inside I think I'll ask
you the video how much in your eyes my
baby's going to teach me could you not
love to mix movies and juices come on
I'm just like bit protein powder in a
couple of random leads you see it could
taste good I want something to actually
taste good member of reason we're going
to give you like smoothie strategies
yeah that's what I want yeah so got all
the stuff back here all the goods I love
it like this stuff that means OE use so
it's all good Jamie and the team I've
got is it 10 or hammered by pointless
gadgets yeah they're like using the
kitchen totally point do you know what
they are I dunno would you know one that
I've either saw this I know maybe
they're basically give me five pointless
gadgets nice time work at what they are
what usual or you guys know how much I
know about cooking nothing's really not
wrong so bacon guess at home as well
like yeah yeah as as I'm going along
trying to work what the hell would you
guys to be commenting down below each
time same what you think it is no
cheating is that one of them what the
hell is that that's the third one you've
to wait it's the suspense the suspense
is too much item number one Alfie deyes
you have to guess what this is and what
it does and you cannot open it you can
do every one bit but you have to you
have to join me to hold the camera while
you play
yeah you can only have one guess okay I
don't know if that's tough
the thoughts the thoughts going through
his hand let's have a look this dismiss
give all your voice just it looks like
you know when you get like I'm having
what takeaway like chicken ramen or
something like that like put it in a pot
okay so we work with a pot with it
something goes in it kind of grommet
that goes on top and then there's a
we'll apply maybe like you're gonna heat
some up and put like how you want the
boiling water in a stressed-out storage
oh boy that look at you're all just
trolling is nothing to do is it I ain't
rolling you guy but what we've got on
here yeah ice cream yes we have a little
bit of ice cream that was made in it
today vanilla right now
yeah just tastes a little bit Oh awesome
yeah you're going to learn as the best
vanilla ice been made in this what you
do is you put ice water in there and
salt the salt makes the water flow even
colder and then put your own glaze or
your custard in here and then you just
shake it around
it makes the ice cream and that
particular ice cream is actually breast
milk ice cream amazing ha ha made by
Gwenda who was the local dinner lady
Thank You Brenda or a milk nurse she's
actually about 55 anyway nice vanilla
yes um I've got little blades in there
blades just have a little look
okay here we go yeah so you can see
that's rotate a nice little mechanic
yeah
what's gonna tops on me up you know it's
good to anything warp it in there like a
clove of garlic yeah so you bet you're
one answer you know what me to get a bit
much from a bit ginger okay I'm gonna go
got it you know
all right look he's sound happy look
dead end end it ended it
oh yeah they open the hatch
why trying to think what else can you
fit in there you put the hatch in it
helps if you peel it first but we don't
have time for that
that's that you're working really well
okay how'd you get it out uh you here
maybe okay there we go yeah so you got
to that too dude
so far so we're two out of five guys so
can we give him some positivity for them
okay so good two out of two so far but
we have got three more which means that
we could still beat him what happens if
you don't get them all right I'm not
gonna get an all right nobody you have
to do look some of them how does your
bloomin goldfish but how does it put
this how does this game work like if you
get if you get more wrong than right do
you have to do a forfeit oh it's you
have to the fourth if I get the right
yeah so if you get the next three wrong
then we have to win in the comments box
below they decide what they have to do
to you okay and it has to involve a
rolling pin bag flour and chili 12 X 12
a and a scotch bonnet that's a real
that's a holiday scotch on this okay so
this one okay wah wah wah Wow
rub rub rub rub rub we're not really
sure literally what the hell do you put
the food in there I don't know but it
doesn't look right whatever you doing
what the hell can fit in there so it's
got a plug it's a cylindrical shape it
was bought online but not from a
irritable store could you get this on
Amazon this device possibly but I don't
know if it was from Amazon his name's
Rowan only that doesn't give anything
away
no and depends what really likes to do I
mean there's a there's a hole which is a
clearly just spray oil before use it's
just inappropriate really then I'm glue
I feel like you'd use it to like clean
something Wow might well depends you
could clean something do you know what
the field is this obvious or what it is
do you have you used this more in more
than five d'arnot aviacode is more
American than it is Brittany I don't use
this I have five times I would use it
for cooking for family no no dude I'm
chef with it would it make it easier
with someone like me use it like lazy it
could be any of those things it's
debatable but it is more American than
okay gone gonna say I know quickly like
to make it like a doughnut Weiser well
um all you pointless bloggers wait for
it
it's the egg on a stick Wow Wow dick
yeah look basically you put an egg you
crack the egg into the hole and then in
there it cooks the egg to give you a
cigar like an edible I mean I've always
wanted one of them but look look it
cooks it to perfection oh look at that
there you go
so let the egg on a stick I mean imagine
you can have cylindrical why would you
want that shape what am i this American
you don't ask work you can just get
those cute you're like things you can
cut the egg into you can make them job
or you could just fry it or poach it
yeah or you need to roll it yeah but
that is a pointless you know yeah that
is very pointless but if you like
cylindrical eggs it's not always the one
for you if that won't make you happy
okay so basically all you pointless
buggers we're back in the game
the lovely Alfie deyes has got two right
and one wrong there's two more to go and
the question is does he do your forfeit
yes or no so what we got here there now
hold your literally a goldfish and
that's it or just mouth open it might
not be a goldfish it might be a karate
or a disguise
there we go
you know I'm going to go see I've seen
similar things to this probably
completely wrong and then I'm going
after four there but I've seen something
we use like your packet things have a
hole in it to like break like chili so
then you don't get on your fingers but
then it would just come out that doesn't
close
I'm going to go device to all I think
actually what this could be what what
gave it away something gave it away for
you know my brain just show everyone
wait for that right let's have a look at
that mouth and what I was thinking is
this is going to be wrong again I was
thinking you know people use like a
bottle of water that out for their egg
yolk and you take the yoke off is that
what it is yeah I can't believe that yes
yes well out of order man I there what
you don't do dear Gertrude oh the suck
on that yo go go go sup at you yeah ah
there we go
yeah and then but what I like about
gratitude is then you take the question
is you have to ask everyone is why do
you need to take the yolk out in the
first place okay so you're gonna make
some ice cream because that's what we do
all the time isn't it
but then you've got to know your lips
you did it mittigar just there yeah you
gotta take go through that and then she
just choose that she just goes from yeah
good okay so look okay so you've won got
last one last one is that looks like a
golf tee this is actually my favorite
one okay so it's like a perfume spray
kind of thing
oh you put it in something oh I'm gonna
say I don't know what would you stuff it
in Alfie I'll give you a clue it's not
your bottom that's what I was gonna say
so it's not that you do stick it in
something like a lime or lemon or
something yeah it's like it looks like a
golf tee value and dude this is
absolutely my favorite one of the lot
you just go and get a vulnerable fruit
that's laying around your fruit bowl you
just shove it right in there like that
and then you go around and I proper
works yeah and also what's really good
and right like you know because
obviously I don't you just squeeze it a
bit and and it works it smells
incredible yeah but what's really just
put that in your bathroom like that just
an octopus in seriousness if if you're
if you can't afford aftershave and you
kick up a little bit then you can just
have a little spritz up and it really is
it's loads of I'm like honestly
surprised how much is coming out yeah
it's good I like it it's my favorite one
and it smells great
I really I on daughter also you could
just stick it in anything so let's stick
it in ah lemons look at that dude it's
another camera
yeah kicks out of it I think good though
I got poor out of the fight I actually
thought you anything to get food did you
what - did you think I didn't think I
was gonna get that I thought it was do
you know what I mean by that chilli
thing there's like little cases that you
can use to like break up Jillian yeah
yeah you take see are you dropping no
there's some things online that I've
seen where you like put chilli and like
a packet and it's like break it up
without having to touch up your hands
yeah that's though no I think part of
the fun with chillies getting it hot and
they're not an hour later going to the
toilet and you just remind you who's
boss
yeah did you do it we quite yeah you
know I thought that was good I dish I on
I don't know about that you can take a
non nitrogen if you made that for
breakfast for so it she loved that she'd
be like what is this is a cylinder egg
so like it get with a party but you
don't even know what that is I know but
that's the mystery of food what I love
though what I love when you looking at
this you going on that and then you win
it says spray oil before use do that's
wrong I love the way that the person
that invented it was so proud he does
I'm so proud of it I put my name on
Rolly if anyone likes the idea of a
cylindrical Inc then there's not a like
one person watch this it's like yeah
yeah and they're quite keep their fun I
guess and yeah I mean it's been used by
Jamie Oliver yeah and Alfie
so we'll post it you wherever you are in
the world you've just got to answer this
question a really hard food question and
you can't be googling that guys none of
that yeah like look at that there is a
rumor that I was conceived in a certain
place in England and obviously as you
can imagine it's an important place it's
like a ley line so where was Jamie
Oliver conceived put it your answers in
the comments box below and I'll be M
it's not idea obvious end of them have a
holiday it's not a dirty question it's
just a fact yeah a moment in time when a
great thing happened and thanks mom and
dad that was great appreciate you candy
so well well as I can see the answer
that the first right answer guess is
posted to their house and me now being
at me and now if you're going to sign it
right now okay but we're gonna do that
we also filmed some videos today as you
saw a second ago they're gone up on
Sunday yeah Sunday they're good they're
really funny and so obviously check them
out when you leave something low to
where they're going up and everything
but that's it what's good we're done now
nice man yeah fun yeah really good pitch
to you last night good Tuesday yeah yeah
last night when up yesterday for them so
they saw little bitch what happened last
night I really yeah oh cool yeah you
don't hang around you're quick quick
turnaround he's a fast worker so yeah
thanks
please come
alright guys I haven't really been known
to speak much because I've been so busy
rushing around getting all their
snowboarding equipment which I just got
I'll explain why I bought all of it in a
number blog but I'm sure you can guess
where I'm going soon which is so
exciting look how much stuff I literally
just bought like helmet and goggles and
boots and jacket
