good morning guys it's the morning well
when you're on about
I mean it's definitely not 5:22 in the
evening and I'm starting my video me and
J off to London for a date
I mean st. I'm gonna take him to the
museum and to the Opera for a while now
are you excited it's all we're doing
we're going on a date
Oh show me and then we're gonna go to
the Opera get a candlelit dinner all of
that stuff well I see you knew it yeah
today man
no joking guys we're off to London to go
to Jamie Oliver's all having a party so
off to London together and then I'm
going to stay there tonight from filming
in London tomorrow today like all where
we go in let's go London Bridge we're
now in the tunnel guys just should be
meeting Steve that if he's on time Steve
boy isn't he we call him Stevie no-show
so late
just got to London Bridge now being here
or not see Oh someone wow this is busy
Steve oh yeah also we were making bets
on the chance of you being late or not
may I whenever you were there on time we
literally walked out the station and
Steve was getting out of a taxi crazy
you are always late
this is like the venue we don't have a
clue how we're getting into where we go
also I've got this because I'm staying
in London tonight I've got to take this
that's just embarrassing
we are back at the hotel guys we
literally just got a driver to drive us
to a hotel that I knew that was nearby
cause I've stayed here before and just
booked a random but with you of us
sustained right now so we were lucky
that there divert you'll get entire man
you'll get Steve oh wait I've taken back
we know we are time yeah v pusti and we
just about to order some room service
but would you like what you got
we're trying to work out actually what
is available yeah 11:00 to 6:00 yeah
yeah yeah margarita pizza so you really
Sun King pong curry pasta fish fingers
pepper maker gzip a ham and cheese melt
or bacon sarnies
I'm going to keep it real no margarita I
think I'm gonna go penne pass are you
grated parmigiano how do you make me
jealous though more penne yeah what do
you say I say penne penne penne penne
penne pasta
hey I don't know you anymore Burroughs
no spell PE n having an accent hey dude
is Italian
nobody does men they pass them bro is
penne pass down yeah we are friends or
you pee hand out well pastor do you want
boys anybody let me go to roster why
don't we go to the Italian restaurant
and go hey um do you know what I take
the pen pasta yeah I will bro no but I
probably don't do that thank you the
people know we got Riddick we got our
black incoming sorry you'll need green
yeah got that that's you why you love it
dead like we had you going for what are
you gonna get I'm gonna go for Jenni war
I might go for the pizza it's a nine
inch pizza and it sounds very very
delicious for the way that I'm feeling
right now
boy the fish fingers attempt yeah no I
do love fish fingers homemade fish
fingers I think you smell I think what's
going to make me feel at home
no but I think what I'm gonna do is just
get a really good breakfast in the
morning
yeah we need to do that that's why we
need to order food right now yeah I
noticed I'm so tired I haven't got to be
up my first thing tomorrow I've got
lunch with Jamie at half past one what
are you go sleep I've got to be up I'm
getting my no I'm I'm going and looking
for a suit for my wedding
I like 9:30 that's better okay it's fine
every time you say you say a bit later
you're like I'm actually so early
tomorrow yeah nine o'clock tomorrow
noise I first met up it was like 7:30
and now it's kind of got it was like oh
yeah wasn't me about to bring it back
what time he was setting alarms for
tomorrow I'm not going to set an alarm
until 10:00 afternoon tell you what I
put my daily or not actually my daily
alarm it is 7:30
no it's not yes my daily alarm is if I'm
getting on about Mina's are we have an
agreement either she's getting on up
which is that 10 yeah yeah because we do
- oh I do not your tempo so it's like
this morning but let's it is so it's
more designed at Nala bettering in the
morning and is so much better I do not
every night because Alexa is like Zoe
said you like this is sorry in the
morning 6 a.m. yeah right let's go up
for the day this has made like 10:10 am
like literally by
the next is up your hitch you'll hear
this but by the dogs up the mouth
it's really get out and I'm just like
far as the sleeve and then she's like
did you hear that hear what it might
rain yeah no no but I'm supposed to do
that did you hear that
no still posted that stage and I'm like
what do ya not know let's make it loud
would you take her out and I'm like can
you believe me I'm like if none of what
you up then you can take your eyes yeah
you didn't oh yes bad isn't it but then
what Nala does do which is really good
this is quite a dog discussion
don't leave a dog with Nala is that you
can take her out for like the toilet in
the morning and then you can put back to
bed for like two hours she goes back to
sleep right it's time to get this time
for what you go for cuz we've been
talking for like three hours
what you going for I'm gonna do pizza
okay yeah dogs right guys no dogs and
girlfriends yeah what's it why don't
have fun oh you big phony
you're gonna go play pens down I'm gonna
go for the pen pastic guys I'm really
tempted by tonight what the pen bastard
I'm gonna a guys we're gonna watch it
appreciate her being drawn to that pin
oh the pen past is not the one you're
not being drawn oh my god that was so
bad oh my god I can end the vlog I'm
sorry there was literally just in the
evening and I enjoyed the little that
you've seen of today I'll catch you
tomorrow if I'm enjoying it Oh Steve
what's real I what the hell are you
doing night
