good morning guys I am up and I'm about
to make some poor top of 10 that's quite
late poppy and Zoe and Shawn I've been
trying to wake me up since I hot boss 8
this morning and I was like no let me
have a lion let me of a lion so I got
our bed at 10 o'clock but I'm making
breakfast them all now
still haven't done yesterday's washing
up anyways for breakfast I'm gonna be
making some pancakes
some paying kick so I need to turn that
little guy on come on here we go
counting a zero
look at that guys I'm an absolute master
you have to mix the eggs into the flour
first so I've made like a perfect little
shape look at that no what are you doing
licking your leggies hey you wanna say
good morning to my vlog say hello to the
rug I know this is gonna fail very good
one hand here we go perfect
get that spherical pancake there we go
perfecto look how snitch cold of our
pancakes are very round very good pop we
made this one I'm gonna try this I still
haven't have you tried this yet sorry is
it good report the other day when we
were dancers you saw in the vlog but
I've never tried it and it's striped
strike you spread our breakfast it's
finished I am all dressed so he's all
dressed everybody look more obviously we
just anyways we're going out now to a
garden center my parents and buzlar come
in as well I don't know why whose idea
was it to go to a garden center I'm gone
okay I've got cocky
well I've got a cocky this will get
got four garden center guys and
instantly mean Shauna with other animals
and reptiles there's so many sick ones
look at this a man can't see everyone
there's a tractor in there ooh yeah
arrow frog oh my god that's the biggest
move ever seen you know like barking at
come on look how sick this guy is why is
that stop moving as soon as I get I
don't know mate hello I would love a
little tortoise look how cute that is
and then I would not want this mum look
at the size of this frog
hello mate are you ready for this you
got this one over this one come on then
come on you go over the little bridge go
coming let's stop being silly
you ready come on buddy you go over the
small one coming in come on yeah gonna
sing about Thor third bar oh really
anyways then he'll I'm talking about we
have just got back from the one center
that was cool little trick didn't buy
anything at all just looked with the
animals and was like I want a chameleon
I want a tortoise I want to change out
you don't want to touch you that
definitely don't or darken I can have a
comedian or a tortoise or turtle that
would be cool anyways I'm gonna edit the
Navy vlog now and then once I've done
that I think we're gonna go back home to
mom and dad's gonna get back over there
some food you can help me edit you can
help me edit just finished editing the
new daily log and it is finally up
because I was running late doing it the
internet captain officer pitch black so
on that the internet have to run brain
up again and again and again not to keep
on restarting it which meant that
everyone else had to leave without me
slave will run to my parents now for a
Sunday lunch but it's only hot loss was
meant to be the half an hour ago so I'm
gonna put the order a taxi now and go
home and hopefully I won't have missed
the food but I don't think a house so
let's go guys I missed the food I missed
it so I bought myself after two awesome
lamb chicken no I'm eating by myself
there's an unknown only one eating and
then got some vegetables and
- as well sad doesn't matter because I
don't even care about my hair we're back
home now and not let has just learned
down what even yeah it's finally clip
dinner hey look she's still down good
girl
okay Sam back up nada
down man down yeah oh my gosh
down good yeah down cruel cruel cruel go
get kill all right I'm gonna go never
bath now little one so you have little
nap whilst I'm in the bath okay okay
daddy
my lover is I love putting the risk
they're so soft my whole box is our help
hey give mom a kiss
she's a tired look at her eyes I plays
any hired come here out of the bath and
her guys but he taking nyla out for the
toy that she hasn't been since we got
all I completely forgot hopper he's in
the bath the door went and we had food
shop arrived and I've completely
forgotten going and got back in the bath
kind of need to put that stuff in the
fridge and the freezer oh my gosh that's
like it came down geez forgot about that
right I'm gonna quickly take know about
now to toilet and then put that stuff
away and I'm tempted is Ted is five
minutes past nine now and I kind of had
dinner as you saw like a mom's like five
o'clock but I'm getting a little bit
hungry again which is good because I've
still got that weird stomach thing where
like every time I'm eating at the moment
my chest hurts so much
every time I swallow my first couple of
mouthfuls of each meal so it makes me
not as hungry but I know it's just
laying down stretched out and I kind of
forgot to record any more than that so
if you'd enjoyed the video guys please
give it a big old thumbs up let's try
and get something actually ridiculous
like 38,000 thumbs up imagine 38,000 if
you manage to get that I'll do some kind
of fourth actually I don't even know if
I want to do I want to do that I don't
even know anyways thank you so much
watching I love you so much and I'll
catch you tomorrow good night
