hopefully I'll be back another time soon
the breakfast spot drop coffee you know
I get why I'm here Oh check out
yesterday's video little allergies
toasting
since we had a lie in this mornin so I
won't hold that we do not have time to
go and have a proper look around
stockroom I mean we had a good breakfast
but now we just just head to the airport
to catch our flight home thanks so much
thank you yes thank you bye bye
we have one hour 30 minutes until our
flight leaves to go back to London the
only thing I haven't told you bro is
that is that I've never lost looking to
pick up some pants I'm fine
yeah I'm gonna be honest with you I've
got my boxers inside out because I
didn't think we were staying here I
haven't I actually brought under yeah
you didn't know where we were going
again if you saw yesterday's video I did
not tell see if what was happening but
we did not plan on staying somewhere
overnight we were meant to go back last
night
ended up we are going the wrong way
ended up we we had to stay over last
night because the flights didn't work
out right because we didn't book any so
I had to flip my boxes inside out and
I'm wearing the same pairs yesterday
oh it's take the stairs bro always set
the stairs 3:10 London Heathrow over
need check-in thank you yeah we're not
gonna Helsinki by far the quickest
security in the world I was a little bit
worried just no one there yeah and also
we've just done that I reckon in five
minutes I don't know less than that okay
yeah and I got patted down because my
bracelets you can't take off one of them
off so every time I go through one of
those things are a hundred percent beep
David I've discovered this chocolate is
unbelievable
they absolutely spanked it this is
literally the best how much is 29
see this is think you ever got any cash
- I think that's about to pound 30
you're getting kind of trying to figure
out I'm gonna get four of them are you
yeah okay maybe I'll get something for
everyone back in the office as well
maybe I'll get a few of them because I'm
kind of getting 10 also they're not
allowed to they're not allowed to do
that they keep on men's health keep on
using pictures of me without asking and
just photoshopping someone else's face
on it just so no a saving video run as
well yeah
that's what I'm gonna look like after I
eat these ten chocolate bars it's like
that come on
well it's you the last ones the queues
tiny but I really need the toilet oh
damn
Steve's going through thanks so much
a nice plane yeah this is what I need
delivery's coconuts little gentes get
enough for the guinea pig we're gonna
share it to give tonight but ya see the
vet we did it when I got back yesterday
from where you just saw up to I
literally made dinner enter in bed watch
the movie split with Zoey in bed which
was awesome and then just crashed out
fell asleep woke up super early this
morning the day after the day that
you've just been watching and spent
until like 3:00 4:00 p.m. in the
afternoon entertain the big three
countries three meals in 24 hours
completely unplanned video which were
not tonight for me yesterday for you I
hope you enjoyed it if you haven't seen
it yet please go check it out it is
awesome it's like a 35 minute video
there's so much time and effort went
into had a lot of fun doing it but I
meant that wiped out like half of today
but on a positive note something that
I've been planning to do for a while did
happen today we went over to my parents
for a roast dinner about a week ago I
got my parents just them to no help from
anybody else to do an a sauce shop for
me so close that they think that they
would like me to wear not clothes that
they think that I would like to wear
that's the important thing obviously
you've seen the videos that I've done
that are me buying Zoey cloves and Zoey
buy me clothes and poppy buying Shaun
clothes I thought it'd be fun to switch
out Bob and a boyfriend a girlfriend to
get my mum and dad to buy me an a saw
shop so that's what they did that's what
you're about to see now and I hope you
enjoy it
are you guys ready middle of this this
you're right there may religion at the
whole town including both dogs cuz mum
and dad have bought me oh just open a
sauce now cuz we brought shorts
definition yeah once it is so bad eyes
oh it's so good you would you would buy
so mom and dad bought this the other day
and I just made it very clear that it's
got to be things that they want me to
wear that's for sure I'm lucky because
that's coming to me what are you guys
doing over there that's not that is why
winters is a cozy when I'm just worried
about the many by now anyway if you have
oh my god Oh
Gucci loafers did you just go shopping
with my bank card for dads ways that oh
my god they're like men
this is gorgeous
I can roll the ankle vespid room you
look like you're going they would look
cool
want to try on first he sprayed them on
I quite like her jeans didn't know I
mean because the jeans are so tight it
looks silly it's not nice they're a
great jumper might look nice with those
jeans
yeah great job great thoughts on that
outfit I'm not sure about the shirt I do
like to bag by Jean yeah agreed
that's cool I like that yeah thanks
Bobby for the intro again they're even
skinnier
I don't I didn't even think you could go
skinnier than the gene that's done oh
we're ready
papi intro intro do you know what my
eyes can't actually concentrate or near
Brown I mean it looks nice because it's
with some trousers a black pair of
skinny jeans okay let's find another
skinny jeans
yeah she's done with this poppy intro
you're to delayed thank you thank you
thank you yeah that's a nice t-shirt
it does actually really see yes but it's
still brown compliments as complexion so
much because I'm really what now a lot
guys just skip like been amended summer
when you put them on they don't fit
anymore you'll know you've worked out
your leg turn them into shorts cut the
legs off from yeah come on that jump
though great job gone you have to try
the great jump from is pretty sure I'm
literally about to edit this up what
you're watching at the moment upload it
all scheduled because tomorrow morning
first things I mean i jumping on a plane
and we're going off for a trip together
just us to a nice little holiday for
valentines and yeah I hope you enjoyed
the vlog I hope you enjoyed my mom and
dad buy my stuff I hope you enjoyed the
24 hour trip that I did if you've
enjoyed the vlogs recently guys give
this one a thumbs up subscribe if you're
not already down below literally hit
that subscribe button and I'll see you
soon with some new vlogs in another
country see you later
