we're gonna go downstairs we're gonna
test you and see if you stay here okay
let's see how long it takes she comes
with us wait for me I'm coming and now
she's the first one down as well
kicking off today's blog was a fun fact
about yesterday's videos so make sure
you've watched yesterday's vlog before
you watch this one I was waiting for
still have at least wasn't a vibe from
Amazon deliveries that were meant to be
on prime coming next day haven't turned
out and I thought this was the password
that I was waiting for so and
yesterday's vlog this was in a bigger
box and I cut open the box all excited
today it's not like this is not what
I've ordered this isn't air and I assume
this for Zoey and I left it on the side
turns out this isn't it but this is for
me and this is something that I've been
waiting for for like two years as if in
like two years one year last Christmas
nidia yeah little bit as I dress in are
two years they never told them I feel
that now is the time to tell them if
you've been watching these videos for
more than a year I suppose since before
last Christmas you will know that I
always wear to a war two bracelets one
is this love bracelet here which Zoey
bought me and she wears one which I
bought
I always took mine off my leg on holiday
because it means I have to be pulled
aside they 100% beeping yeah yeah you
can't take them off you have to use a
screwdriver the last thing I want in an
airport is to think I'm definitely gonna
get pulled over research because if I'm
having like an anxious time then you're
a hundred Janet holder my caddy down now
you're back to your shoes off of your
bag Church I take off and I've just
forgotten to put it back on by well put
it back on yeah so we normally both wear
these love bracelets that we bought each
other however there was another bracelet
I'll talk about a picture off of me now
on the screen that I used to wear so I
used to wear there's two bracelets all
the time one was this one and one was a
rose gold nail bracelet there was here
so it looks almost like a nail like a
screw kind of thing and it's like bent
round well I just bought it for myself
there was no sentimental meaning behind
that one I was at the airport once and
it was 20% off obviously there's no v80
at the airport and I was like oh my gosh
it was one of this and now it's 20%
cheaper I wanted so bad and I bought it
for myself
they're super expensive but I just
worked for it and I absolutely loved it
like Love Dare fast forward a year or
two of wearing it on my wrist and I mean
they're super hard I just want to say to
take on and off like really hard to take
on and off like this one you have a
screwdriver but I was at a work
Christmas party so it was all private
every single person there we knew like
looks they worked with us and obviously
I was vlogging that evening there was a
four-minute clip difference so one clip
at the blog at like 2 a.m. I've got it
on two minutes past four it's off of my
rest I wasn't that drunk like I was
drinking no throwing up for probably
like I don't know two o'clock and four
minutes passed to that point I don't
know the exact number there's four
minutes between me filming two pictures
of my vlog so I can see what minute
they're filmed out of the day and in one
clip of God on the next minute next clip
I haven't so we literally everyone who
worked who was at the party works bus
search the venue the venue is all closed
off it is all like a private party there
was only a couple of members of staff
there and we asked them about it we
basically think it fell off my wrist at
some point I don't know how and it must
have just been swooped into the rubbish
room everything I just I just think if
you if you swept that into a dustpan you
is heavy solid rose gold feeling
someone's got it look that's what I feel
like we're just gonna see it Instagram
someone's wrist one day like bloody
bracelet searched the entire life and
activity beds
upside down in the place was just no way
through the plains like we looked looked
looked I mean it'll find a finger so it
could have been thrown away but you know
you just have that feeling you're like
someone's got it anyway I thought I'll
see another one place birthday the last
present was everyone was like you didn't
spend the last present present I just
didn't kill me I just wanted to enjoy it
in person so this is why this is kind of
more of like a anniversary and one this
is what I've one kid one of these back
Oh reasons that he's now got another one
is because I'm in the wrong size it was
one size too big sorry honey okay yeah
yeah I'm at 19 in this one and then 18
in this run for some reason even though
they're from the same company basically
you ready this is like look at look at
it so this is what I lost one of these
how can somebody sweep that up that is
so obvious that it's not rubbish done
does it feel like it fits you better
than the other one yeah that's so I'm
gonna wedge that will not prevent that
yeah that's so much better
yeah and I remember when I used to wear
this because if I wore this way it would
dig into my hand they're nice
spin it thank you
that was the cheapest person for you you
stole it can you imagine I've got to
pick a good outfit today
I'm off to a charity event I don't know
how much I'm allowed to tell you I feel
like once I get there I'm gonna be like
something that is the charity that I've
worked with for a while you guys have
seen in the videos that have were quit
for a while it's a new campaign it's a
new project that they're doing and I
don't know how much I'm allowed to say
so once I arrive there in like an hour
then I'm sure I'll be able to find out
what I'm allowed to tell you what I'm
not allowed to you super exciting stuff
happening I'm getting proper heavily
involved with the charity I think the
project launches early next I'm going to
stop trying to tell you and get dressed
because I need to put on some a good
outfit and nice outfit you know it's a
good it's a big event
rolled up jeans hidden little socks
we've got the sug life PB collaboration
hoodie my short hair from my haircut the
other day and to finish it off the first
ever time and wear my new shoes that
Zoey bought me hey here we go yo they
are comfy let's get it let's get to town
Oh Oh should probably get rid of this
definitely need that on there I know I
said this in yesterday's vlog but oh my
gosh this car smells fantastic if I
could bottle up this smell whatever
cleaning product this is and put it into
a candle and sell it I'd be the richest
person in the world this smell is oh my
gosh
all right just walking down now this
event is at the Theatre Royal as I said
I'll be up show you more information and
actually get there it's like a big
presentation isn't that it's like a a
big reveal that I'm gonna be able to
film for you guys to see
gentlemen welcome on this very sunny
morning very beautiful morning to fish
for Brighton
so moment for the big reveal I'm going
to ask a huge wonderful guy not to come
on stage three two one
ladies and gentlemen
hospice care is not about dying we are
there to enable people to live their
life until they died it's about you
still alive until you die
so go out enjoy your life and that's
what I smell that's the story this fails
a better bring to this city I thank you
to our fee awesome Alfie deyes also
known as pointlessblog to Peter James
who's not here today a huge supporter of
ours this looks so smooth oh yeah these
are sick I love how they're all
different textures as well not just
painting so so exciting honestly I need
to proper sit-down with you guys and
have a chat and tell you my plans and
what is happening with the markets
charity and points blog the company and
how we're working - we've got some cool
stuff coming all right so here's where I
want to sit down with you and talk about
my involvement with motley it's what
we've done so far what we're planning on
doing in the future so from what you've
just seen in the blog you're probably a
little bit confused I'm just going to
take a step back and try and think about
how to explain this them in the most
simple way possible so there was 44
giant dogs snow dogs put around Brighton
like statues like this kind of thing and
this year and this year and companies
could pay to sponsor one and decorate
and get artists involved in however they
wanted it to look and then they they
will put out all around the city of
brighton and hove and then what happened
is that they all went for auction and
people bought them and I'm talking for a
ton of money like some of them went like
20,000 pounds and plus and then all of
that money as well as the money that the
companies paid to sponsor a dog and have
one which is a lot of money as well all
of that money is given to the markets
which is awesome the market is the most
like man I mean you just saw the CEO
Imelda speaking now the work the work
that markets does are leave a link down
below so you can find out some more but
they do the mission go to work I went to
one of their hospices and I did film a
little bit there a couple of months ago
and that's why and that's why my name is
mentioned because I work
you guys never like shown some bits in
my vlog about what they do and stuff but
this new campaign involving the snails
that were announced so this year it's
not snow looks but it's nails I'm proud
to say my company that are owned me all
of these videos all of you this involves
you guys we've paid to have our own
snail I kiss a lot of money
it's like thousands and thousands of
pounds we paid which goes straight to
the charity to have our very own snail
it's going to be I don't even know if
I'm allowed to be saying this but I'm
saying anyway it's gonna be out in
autumn 2018 like in Brighton hope so you
guys can all go and visit it as well as
all the other snails that other
companies have been worth sponsors and
stuff but it means that we also get to
choose what how we want to decorate it
what we want it to look like what like
completely everything which is super
excited we get given just like the basic
snail and we can do what like we can put
lights in it we can put speakers in it
we could make it let's spin the move we
can do whatever we want and get whoever
we want involved so that is super
exciting and I just want to let you guys
know that I'm going to be working
heavily and very very close it would be
Martlet and all of the amazing stuff
that they do to really really help
people out who are going through
unbelievable difficult times in their
life like just crazily difficult times
they not only support the individual
going through the hard time but of
course that massively affects your
family and the people around you so they
really really support those people as
well which is unbelievable amazing and
so I'm super honored to be involved and
sleep on the table to have you guys be
involved in we ineffectively donated
thousands of pounds that my company has
to be able to have a snail and it's
gonna be out there you guys from
visiting yourself is with in stuff like
that so I'm super excited that's can be
happen in the future that's just one
thing that I've wanted to explain from
this blog because it looks so random
that I'm at an event that's like got
massive snail was on the stage and you
probably watching the like what the heck
is going on we need to get designing we
need to choose what this snail is going
to look like we need to get it out there
and then at the end the snail is also
going to be auctioned off the snail from
my company is going to auction it off
somebody's going to buy it and they get
to have it and then that money also goes
to there it's gonna be sick
anyways carry on with the blog job just
finished editing the vlog as you just
saw Jose here he tried to scare me a
second ago but I heard him downstairs
had a salmon salad for lunch not that
you care then all I'm showing you that
and we are off into the woods to go and
shoot some Halloween merch pictures
which are going the merch it's going up
a server then you're watching it so do
you have the TCS website now there are a
couple of talent Halloween special merch
links down below we've been using the
smoke grenades of all of the pictures to
make them look proper sick and
Halloweeny we've got the team down there
shooting Joe look with an orange one
this is the behind-the-scenes of the
cool images you guys seen on insta and
stuff so you know you know the blog the
other day when I was at the office and
so he was like hey y'all Alfie come over
she was like a young but that's not as
Irish this mean that she was a happy
come over we're gonna get your monopod
done well apparently today I'm getting
highlights I didn't even book this in
that sounds just offered to wash his
hair cut and poppy and Zoe and my mom's
hair and dyeing them and stuff to put
more tints more highlighting bits in my
hair like last time so I need to wash my
hair quickly so I can get some
highlights put in yeah she went straight
into my office earlier and then just
went in got a drink and turned around
and was all what's happening in here my
hair looks a little bit too good right
now it's quite a few hours later I just
want to show you guys my hair in the
mirror because it has got so much more
blonde in there can you see that the
core the blonde running through oh my
gosh you look so blond in my camera
we're just sitting down to have some
grub and we're watching celebrity hunted
which we should go on this Alfie imagine
all I imagine you only thing that we had
is my daily vlogs hugging for two weeks
of watch they'd find us in about a
second if I did with the fact if I do it
that's me I did it for Casper maybe a
game from the game everyone that's out
shot too much I just tell him where he
would be awful he would stop the
pictures with people in the street and
stuff and then just get caught mm-hmm
feels like a Friday night to me yeah I
keep thinking it's Saturday tomorrow
mmm economy if you want so you can be
whatever day you want to be it's Judith
me right now I'm a little bit weird
