good morning guys I am in town and as
usual it is not the morning that kind of
it dad what's the time 12 okay maybe
it's not the one so fast Ralph I've just
been doing a couple little meetings as
only could be breakfast this morning
with Jay got me some egg and soldiers
which I haven't had since I was like 10
years old but now we're just about
copies of this little place over here
finish lunch shopping time
I love your little fluffy hair at the
front the front of the Hat
we also with Zoe enjoy as well all right
here we go
no off the step you got it a little bit
I mean for like getting into town and
stuff it's probably not know I would
stick with your car go Jay go Jay pedo
pedo that's what I did the other day
I just left back in just slap me just
got back home well of course I have
because I'm laying in bed and I just
remember something so so so exciting
basically I just had two interviews now
about book num but doe had the point
split number two of course that's what
I'm talking about and just had two
interviews with American websites over
the phone and they went from really well
in the Nasser
oh my gosh have I even told you guys
details and things about book number two
I don't know if I have I member said
that I was like going to book meetings
but I don't know if I've said about the
book itself so if you haven't already
I will leave down below just down there
in the description a pre-order link if
you want to pre owned a book number two
and get it straight away then that link
is down there but yeah I just wanted to
say but number two is called like really
really cool and there's going to be
tours coming out with it like book
signing tours and there is so much
planned I'm so excited I forgot I didn't
even bloom and barely tell you because I
just made caught up in saw it on
planning it oh there are so many things
that were in book number two that aren't
in book number one there's so much extra
stuff and more videos that aren't on
YouTube of me and I'm so excited I'm so
so excited and there is some stuff with
the app obviously you can let's scan the
pages and all that you guys know from
button
there is some crazy stuff with app that
I'm the technology that the people who
like helping me make the book showed me
it said odd you want this in your book I
was like is that even real and they're
like of course we can do that and it
like blows my mind I didn't even know it
was a real thing I didn't know that was
possible to do with an iPhone and so
that app is going to be blooming awesome
but I just wanted to let you know that
the link to hook number two is down
below and go check out where like where
it says in the link of somewhere that
when it comes out because it comes out
in different countries in the world at
different times so just make sure that
you know where it comes out in your
country when and go and get it in the
shops
I'm so excited when you see but number
two I can't even believe I've got book
number one it's still in shops like
niche I walk into my local shops like WH
Smiths and stuff and it's there and
Waterstones let alone now there's going
to be book number two already in less
than a month in less than a month book
number two
less than a month I'm I don't even know
what to say right let's go downstairs
let's go play Manali Zoey's just got all
of our peer box stuff and somebody made
and sent mr. Zoe's peer box which is
cool look at that and then it's showing
by Meg at the bottom so thanks Meg if
you made this that is cool I'm gonna put
it in my office just take an eye line
and walk I didn't want my vlog in any a
bit because it was super dark outside
and I'm also trying to train her still
like with the obedience clusters I go to
using their techniques and to turn her
not to fill in the lead to door and it's
going really well I just said she was
actually really really good
finally I can sit down with my burger
that I got earlier in the book you saw
Zoey and che and everyone's e in their
heads and J but having it in my net
because I was just doing those cause the
interviews over the phone and then now I
need Monday to go back I got big old big
old burger don't do the door look how
good that looks
alright guys moved out up in bed now now
such a good day we just watched a film
and I night that book about here as well
and then we had some dinner
as well did no one tell you that the
finish interesting thing in the world we
just watch the film it was really good
stop bullying me I'm just trying to make
fun and as usual my memory card went for
so I had to delete some footage
basically what I was saying is the Felix
PewDiePie just hit 35 million
subscribers which I did a little bit
maps and I divided the population of 7
point 1 3 5 billion people in the world
I divide that by 35 million and you're
left with 1 in every 200 and to be
people in the world is subscribed to
Felix how how and then also you have to
take away the population of like China
doesn't have YouTube North Korea doesn't
have YouTube I don't know what other
countries don't have YouTube but I how
say it's probably all I won in epic just
to China's like a billion people he's
what we call I won in every 150 people
in the world he subscribed to him that
is in Seine sir congratulations belittle
30 pipe million I remember I made a
video when Fred was the first person to
hit 1 million subscribers on YouTube I
made a video about it and when he hit
two million just crazy right I'm gonna
hit sleep now guys because I don't
swallow boy um waffle on so I'll catch
you tomorrow I won't be doing tomorrow
well then to the business tomorrow
spam anyway so I'll catch you tomorrow
eyes thank you so much watching today
your target is 25,000 thumbs up that is
your target for today ok tomorrow can
either sort of you know
