good morning guys
I feel so tired and even always the time
the time oh my gosh my fans upside down
the time is 10:07 so he's looked after
Nara this morning let me have a lie
until about half-past nine and I just
feel so tired I don't know why I mean I
went to bed at 2 o clock last night Rose
on skype with calamus as you saw
yesterday but I don't know I'm just so
tired like I've had a lot of sleep I've
had like seven and a half hours of sleep
which is a lot for me and normally sleep
like five and a half six six and half
hours but outside I can see over there
through the window it is a complete blue
sky I can see a tiny bit of cloud it
looks like such a good day so I need to
get my butt up get some breakfast and
get a coffee
also I said good morning guys it's
actually the morning yeah so for the
last few days I've been wearing the
wrong socks and you guys will notice I
basically am wearing like bright socks
on my left foot to right socks on both
feet I don't know I didn't even know my
socks even had like a right in the left
so I'm gonna open these up see what
there is right we've got one left and
one left not home why you have it again
what we got two left's but there's
another clean pair over here come on
let's see what we've got wait are they
different they're different socks
they're not they're not even this oh I'm
gonna have to wear two left socks again
guys it's just one of those days where
you wear the wrong socks
don't hate me guys got left and I've got
another left mister chamoy J just tried
to get a new phone well wow you got like
45 just got so many basically forgot his
ID so he
didn't get a new phone anyway it's more
positive note the sky is blue like I
said earlier I'm gonna give me the only
good mate yeah I said from the very good
mood after you failed to get your phone
I haven't even yeah I haven't even a
breakfast all have had or there's one
coffee that's probably why I'm so like
where we go this is where the food is
where we're going though that's the
important thing
do you know I wish there was yeah I
swear
most of the good places to eat in
Brighton don't have seating but this
peace and pastor place here this little
stall in there it's savagely good and
Burger brothers as well in the names but
they just challenged Jay go and Jay you
can offer me to scatters I'm offering
you some of this yeah you get a spoonful
of that if you just take one of that
isn't even chilly is it that's sweet and
sour yeah this guy's hot
look at that guy that's all chili seeds
do this sort of yeah this one's the
chili seed one serious
it smell it it's not that's not what I
dare you to have a day to drink some of
that I don't even know what they are man
we've just got into the restaurant holy
 which is basically I think it's
Vietnamese who maybe Street I don't know
in Vietnamese it's like super delish
haven't been here a couple of times
before can you use chopstick is that hot
what is that it's like speech doors can
use chopsticks
yeah can yeah actually I can use them
quite well my sister said oh you've got
even open that look how delicious this
little sky's meatballs and like the best
sauce in the world
what have you got me a little present
look how delicious this food jokes I
don't even know what it is guys but it
looks look at the size of my latte how
happy you this is my breakfast and my
lunch and one I'm so happy
finishing up a lunch shopping time Oh
Shay there's your mum
how'd you know your mother's replenish
so mum your mother's a very nice lady
I'm sorry Becky I love you you are very
nice but you know I should get soon
jokes aside actually there's no jokes
don't put them aside keep them with you
here's your mum what's that fire
do you even know what that is
Zoe's birthday's from the 28th of March
probably need to get a present shall I
get one of these you get that going
should I get a key piece to keep eats
there we go sorry what they've been
serious guys help me out in the comments
I don't know what to get Zoe and not an
engagement ring so I know everyone's
gonna go get her a ring I could get some
these boy
why do you don't want some handerpants
no I could get some glue in a box
should I get some reindeer poo in a box
give me a box of fire box of you in the
burner nothing mealtime I saw all that
vloggers mails literally and we've
ordered as usual actually I didn't order
this
it was these two that order that too
much food
I don't it's good isn't it that's
exactly why perfect and they gave us
free cokes which is nice
so thank you mister has to take away man
and then Nana let's bring you to bed
baby yeah
chemin m you jump into there there we go
that's nice you sit down good girl good
girl
just pop you in there yeah no night you
got your water and everything
you never cozy little night put that
down so it's nice and dark for you there
we go
that's nice little bedroom guys which
let her sleep in a crate because it
makes the dogs feel like it's that
bedroom and they're like their safe area
see if whatever mean I don't know is
there we've got like music on and stuff
that knowledge I don't like this I want
to get away she always like comes from
wherever she is Mike goes back into her
little bedroom and like snuck was up
it's like a safe area which i think is
really really cute but also it means if
we go away enough if we go away and then
all we have to do is take that crate to
wherever like if we go away to America
we can take that crate to let my mom and
dad's and then she can sleep there she
floors all safe and cozy and stuff like
that and it doesn't mean that she's like
upset because she's not sleeping in our
bed because some people sleep with their
dogs in the bed but we think for us that
wouldn't really work well because we
travel so means that she can still he
was houses and stuff and not feel
anxious or nervous about it because
she's got a little bedroom net on there
okay now because I'm literally standing
it in my boxers in the bathroom I don't
want to wait you're selling up too much
if you enjoyed the book give it a thumbs
up catch you
