good morning guys as usual it is not the
morning here iam cuz it's no I didn't
stop my vlogs bad early um no but
seriously it's not the morning and it
should be the morning because these are
daily vlogs Alfie not evening afternoon
blogs right just been to a deli and I
got a ham and cheese salad baguette I've
got a heated nice and warm sausage roll
I have got Oh some salami that I got
from Delhi to make some sound just like
tomorrow or something and then also got
until dawn dawn dawn dawn bomb one of
these which i absolutely love these
drinks so much
that's my delicious lunch let's put this
bag away somewhere that would oh no I
don't want to put it there yeah that
would it um yeah the reason why have
inside the drug today and this isn't an
excuse this is being serious is we woke
up and all has just been it's like a
choose a different dog almost it's
really strange and that she's not
chomping up she's not barking she's not
like doing anything she's just been
super quiet and slow she's still asleep
now and it's like whatever time it is
like 3 p.m. or no so quarter past four
and she just been like sleep down there
for like an hour and she's like hobbling
up hobbling along less she's got a limp
as well and at first I just thought
maybe she just misses buzz a lot and
she's been really sad and quiet because
now buzz has gone back to my parents and
she enjoyed being with him but then she
started limping and then she stopped
limp in and she's still eating she's
still weighing and pulling and
everything and then she's just started
limping again now so I've rung the vets
and they said we don't think she needs
to come in because she obviously just
exerted herself too much with her
brother maybe she like pulled a muscle
in her leg or something like that but I
was like she hasn't really been with her
brother too much because obviously we
had the separation down the middle so
booked in to see her at 5 o'clock which
is in like half 45 minutes or something
like that we're going to go take her to
the vets and make sure she's okay but um
you haven't really done much today
I haven't even edited the daily vlog I
haven't even filmed any new gaming
videos or anything like I'd planned into
I got all dressed and ready for the day
and everything and then I haven't really
done much because I've just been
cuddling her and making sure she's okay
and stuff
and just comforting her so that's that's
it really
that's it today yeah I'm going to eat my
lunch now and then we'll take you to the
Mets and hopefully fingers crossed
hopefully she's just tired and sleepy
and just maybe like her and leg jumping
off of the sofa or something like that
something silly and it's not anything
serious I'm sure it won't be because
last night she was fine like she was
okay last night I can't picture maybe
she was just call that cramping her leg
or something I don't know we'll soon
find out but don't worry about her guys
we'll find out what's wrong with her
today right I just got back from the
best guys and it's pretty good news
basically they're not quite sure what it
was that's making nyla the way she is
also just realized that I've got a right
sock on can you see there it says right
and our and then another right sock on
there I've got two right socks on anyway
I didn't know you could get left in my
socks leave like how is that I don't I
don't know anyways um yeah the Bextra
dollar so they basically said that she's
hurt both her right front leg and a
right back leg but they don't know how
they think there's more than likely to
be sprained or a little bit twisted or
something like that so they gave her
like an ante flama three and her based
lucky little injection to take away the
pain so she's now occasion running about
now stuff they just said that for the
next two days every time we take on a
walk only doing the garden and keep on a
lead so that she can't run about too
much because obviously now she's got
painkiller she might run about loads
because she can't for the pain and then
the painkiller wear off and then I leg
already hurt again
so it basically got to keep her very
relaxed and chilled and not running
around not playing fetch and stuff like
that and then also just keep her really
warm I'm really cozy and just basically
look up to her low switches or get with
me so I think she's currently let me see
where she is
where is she where is she
they get flopson is she being okay you
got to be careful Lille 1 don't bite my
nose
I share dinner yeah that's good now
although it looks like I'm only just
eating lunch to you guys actually at
lunch quite a while ago so we're now
going to go out for some dinner so again
ringabel
why I showed something video on YouTube
oh I try never to leave a link down
below to air of the cutest French
Bulldog in the world that rings this
Bell when you want it to tell it during
the vowel I knew ago I think with its
poor on a little bell and since then
that way why have you even got one of
them I'm very very cinnamon
where's it Oh scares hair that uses it
means ham so she won't be scared a bit
always I don't lightly good girl
what we have to do honestly no no no we
know we should say this and put it's
okay it's okay we should put this so
that every time she goes to the toilet
we bring it so then when we put it
around the door whenever she needs the
toilet she goes up and rings it to be
like guys I need the toilet imagine now
yeah dang it good girl so we hear the
bell go off and then well
okay wait Nala needs the toilet now
right anyways we should go out for
dinner yeah no no that means you're
gonna have to go in your little bedroom
but I got you some fresh water I love it
coming in let's go to bed who gets the
restaurant guys always oh he's doing the
frame farm bill I definitely know so
we've got a guest here what do you mean
Emma what sir and what sir use of me
show them what you're doing no get back
or there
and let's just shoot in that are you
playing yes she's just hanging out
guys look at my main course looks
unbelievable ah great focus Alfie
we're back from that delicious meal at
Jamie's I had something that I've never
had before it's one of the specials
it was truffle pasta with more chopping
a more truffula more but more truffle
basically so much truffle is delicious
which is odd because I hate a hate
mushrooms but I love truffle which is
weird because truffle is a mushroom I
don't know any of you guys the same did
you have a nice pizza yeah yeah and you
bought something at home and then right
now I'm about to edit the daily blog and
I've got a big packet of these to enjoy
what's Mack NOLA no no you feeling a
little bit better yeah I think the
painting is helping guys because she
started like trying to run around and
things know she's still limping a tiny
bit but she's when you play with nothing
but she's not showing that she's in pain
but she's still limping so I think we're
gonna have a relaxed few days of her all
righty guys it is now 1:45 in the
morning
this is so late for Mila this used to be
like standard bed time but now because
of Nala waking up so all Russian says
and they know her eyes liked it
woken up she's been like a sleepboys my
arm up this whole time she has been like
a sleep more or less this whole evening
talking about stayed up till just after
12:00 we've been chatting on skype to
offering Callum or calyx you guys what
we know who he is
and then she went Ben I just carry on
speaking to him up our words
having a real big catch up because when
I used to live in London I used to get
hang out with him a lot and see and we
used to go for lunch and dinner all the
time stuck together Bob is he now been
back in Brighton I then get to see him
as much so just trying to swat and dates
to see him good good yeah well I'm so
tired
it's 1:45 guys 146 I really need to go
to sleep why again it's my arm up in
that is really comfy is that weird that
I find it computers just leave my arm
hanging up in the
what you doing up there I don't even
know what's on the TV on it you haven't
even looked at the screen for three
hours and frequently turn it off to just
not waste electricity and what was I
gonna say tomorrow I don't know I'm
doing tomorrow
Zoey has got a meeting all day she's
also got a friend staying over in the
evening who I dunno a little bit a
little bit why dice a little little does
anybody else a little and serve little I
love him a little bit it's good Jay I'm
weird
I though you know I'm so tired I'm
trying to think of what fun things we
can do together tomorrow
time think who's around Mabel get overly
telleth maybe go rock climbing maybe we
can go to the gym maybe we get some
gaming videos I don't know I was going
to say actually I know a good idea I was
going to say comment down below what you
want me to do in tomorrow's video but
obviously I upload this tomorrow so be
the evening when I edit it and upload it
so comment down below now with some
normal activities that you would like to
see me doing a daily vlog I remember
eight years ago I got like sea monkeys
all at sea dragons or something like
that and I said I was going to meet them
in a video
like a pet but I don't know whether is
now that was at my old flat that was
long ago I don't know what I could do
prankers oh he may be ill or something
like that yes I don't know oh I'm so
tired I'm just walking in rubbish I
don't even know what I'm saying all I
know is that I'm happy that Nala coho
injection today to make sure that she's
not in pain and hopefully after having a
relaxing day tomorrow she'll be okay if
she isn't okay tomorrow and she still
wakes up and she's limping a lot then I
think we're going to take her back to
the vets they said but fingers crossed
it's gonna be all good I will see you
tomorrow a brand new video that was a
big snore did you guys eat a snore
that's a big snore oh yeah give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it guys
I'll catch you tomorrow I will leave a
link down below just in case you don't
know
getting your bubbly do do my new main
Channel video with my mom and a new
gaming video where played some like
crazy bmxing game which is actually I
think it was one of the best gaming
videos I've made so far just I had so
much fun playing it stuff so I'll leave
a link down below to my gaming channel
anyways I'll catch you tomorrow good
night slow motion as Lucy you
