good morning guys it's not the morning
as usual actually quarter past two and
mr. buzzy boys here I didn't talk
yesterday because it was like buzzes
first day being here neither and it was
so so busy it was like unbelievable
attention we had to give them they calm
down a little bit
haven't you haven't you mr. buzz mr.
Bosley boy is still very excited and you
still miss your mommy in your daddy but
as such we go Nalla Vega just over the
other side of a Missouri say right here
moaning because you can hear me talking
over here right just cooking up some
chicken and they've got some Nando's
medium rub so I'm gonna rub that all
into the chicken in a little bowl and
then I'm gonna cook it up and then I'm
going to whack it in some of these the
food doctor ah no there aren't date I
mean they don't look out date
they're our date though doing out on the
21st oh no that's I'm an idiot
it's the first of March that's why they
don't look at a date now they're gonna
put them in there so I'm gonna smoke men
those chicken pita breads for lunch
that's the aim and then it's such a
lovely day today like so so sunny
outside I think I'm gonna take I'm gonna
have to do them one by one they take the
dogs out for a walk because young men oh
I should have said the word always
forgetting so the word also running
races guys still got them in still got
them in I've got dr. moon for like 40
weeks so there's probably no put me
telling you still what they mean anymore
because I'm always gonna have them in
well I've seasoned all of my chicken and
it's about to go in also just realize
I've just been thinking guys if buzz is
technically my parents like baby
obviously not human baby but baby then
technically he's my brother so I've got
one dog that is like a daughter and then
that dog's brother there is my brother
like I don't even know I've just
confused myself right let's get this
chicken let's get it in then
get cookin
chicken update number one it is looking
good look at that guy's that looks so
delicious and my lunch is complete I'm
just waiting for my coffee to be made oh
it's nearly ready nearly ready
and then it's fully done so over here we
have got some Nando's chicken some
lettuce some tomatoes and over here
we've got four toasted hot bitter breads
and of course what some ketchup just
suggested on that that looks so
delicious doing stuff like this like
really simple I'm gonna make a coffee
one and brogan doing stuff like this a
really simple quick Ono aboard four
coffees out I don't want four get away
get away get away sorry about Nana for
you yeah do a simple cooking like this
like really easy it just makes me think
why don't I cook more because I eat so
many meals that are like this kind of
thing well it's just that whacked in the
microwave for five minutes but I like
cooking I enjoy doing air so I think I'm
gonna start buying some more ingredients
and stuff and cook more just simple
basic meals that taste good right I want
to eat this this is how you can have two
dogs at once so what we have to do guys
we have to put this up in the middle
otherwise they just play by too much and
pugs have big eyes so you don't want you
scratching the other side so you throw
one toy then you get if not I've ever
let's go this toy go good boy gum go
another come on come on
and these have one on either side good
girl give me that toy ha ha ha got it go
and you let go of mr. crock there we go
this is literally how you tie our two
pugs at once Sports of my new videos
just gone live so I hope you enjoyed
that last night that went up last night
for you guys
whoa just put it live now mr. it
out give me mr. crocodile
that's checking on how the video is
doing also this light in my office room
is broken so I have to have my filming
light on which is like super super
bright lighting right let's see how it's
going led to see you how it's going
there it is there it is guys it's called
mum tells all my secrets 7600 lights and
6 in dislikes
that is crazy already it's been up 21
minutes that's all your 2000 comments
that is insane no I'm gonna sit here and
read through them I catch you in a bit
down it just got back look what they
brought back as a present look how
delicious this cake looks oh my gosh
where did you guys go in Belgium
everyone in my comments was like I'm in
Belgium where they go and where they
going
I don't eat white white what was it for
like 1 or 2 1 oh well one well will one
stuff more there we go people but they
bought back this which looks delicious
my parents have gone that was nice
catching up with them seeing that
there's a good time away and buzzes no
left so it's just me no no Zoe again
which is so much quiet look a little
sleepy head down there just having a
little nap it's currently 5 minutes past
9:00 and although I had a really nice
breakfast I'm gonna text my mom talking
about my mum I had a really nice
breakfast they cooked a delicious lunch
it's 9 o'clock and I haven't had dinner
I don't know I just couldn't be bothered
to Kirkus so I thought you know what I'm
gonna get fish and chips and those
tweeted rice and it's about if I get
fish and chips or not by the way when I
say fish and chips I don't actually get
fish I get like sausage or saveloy and
chips and and you guys will let know get
it get it get it so I thought ok and I
thought I may as well just check because
I got it once ages ago save forever they
do delivery
he's only gone and got a delivery fish
and chips like how is that delivery fish
and chips like it's so cheap how do they
make money off of delivering it to you I
don't understand right let's see what I
got if I can I can never get it open
there here we go then to the door they
gave me all I can say they gave me three
sausages but I only ordered two
it must mean because they don't have
another jumbo Oda to jumbo on once a boy
and chips but they gave me two little
mini wants and said that looks so good I
never got mushy peas and curry sauce oh
my gosh this is going to be delicious
I'm ending my vlog in the bathroom and
it's like 1 o'clock in the morning I'm
so excited for this week's gaming videos
not only just promoting awesome self
promo yeah you've got some really really
good ones coming on my gaming channel
anyways it's super late it's nice as bad
as it sounds to just have one puppy just
because it's quiet and so much calmer
and we just had non-working bed of us
having a little cuddle for a half an
hour but she's back it back now fast
asleep so ok I love you so much
good mat down way it was cream really
hard
