good morning guys got my super tea
smoothie just think to start off the day
all good as oh it's just there but she's
on the phone ah hey how you doing
gosh again how are you
we're now in jail these guys is call me
meeting those of you once I get stopped
once they messed up today and get stood
again and ended up chatting loves me for
ages as I said by now and Jamie's just
got myself a little coffee if it focuses
focus there we go how cool that looks
I love the shape of that glass our
starter has just arrived guys you know I
love this thing it's like the ultimate
plank has absolutely everything on it
but we don't have time for a main course
cuz both were to get back so this is it
for our lunch and I'm gonna make some
more people in I get home wait coma beer
do you know where we're gonna go now do
you know where we're not gonna go for
wal K but what we are gonna do is we're
gonna go to puppy obedience class yeah
she'll go to puppy obedience class and
teach you how to sit and lie down and
how to walk properly and how to be
friends other puppies Nala Chewie that's
what I think we should do this right
let's go sit
I haven't told you guys yet also got
Slick Rick hair my parents are going
where you learn tomorrow Belgium oh my
my parents go to Belgium tomorrow so
we're looking after this one look in oh
my face swaye looking after buzz for the
weekend
wait mister mister why are you going
crazy
there you go lay back down we've got a
zzs take away of course we're watching
Google box we're just watching white
chicks and on the sofa we've got Nilan
asleep here with Zooey asleep here
and then down here but mr. buzz asleep
mum and dad have left now the giver that
was so cute mom and dad have left a gun
gone away literally in one arm faster
smooth fast asleep and I was like and
now it's now ten minutes past one I need
to get some sleep Poppy's about weekend
which means a lot of work a lot of poo
in a lot of we and a lot of walk in it's
crazy they both love each other so
because they put some insisted they just
love playing so it's like they just go
crazy when they're together which means
we have to be like it all bought like a
baby game kind of thing that's quite
being quantumly separate the room into
two so that they can have some like
relaxed and calm without just because as
soon as one wants to play the other ones
tired and then they don't let them sleep
and then the other one gets time he
doesn't let her sleep in and basically
then dr. play for the home time so we
have to set
them to make sure they relax and they're
like not hurt any jump and stuff like
that I'm guessing you're gonna see a lot
of puppy play and everything that's come
today is because good we've got a double
of the trouble right I'm gonna brush my
teeth and go to bed now thank you so
much working today
I think it was quite short video because
I just did so many different things
I don't read more for much of the puppy
fat arson I don't better come on my
parents too much and I don't even know
I'm so tired I'm so excited to see this
weekend's video it just finished editing
it now it is basically a video with my
mom and she tells all my secrets like
things that I forgot I even did she just
told you guys everything that it's so
embarrassing so look forward to that on
Sunday I'm gonna put it like 6 p.m. on
Sunday you get on so watch out for that
I I'm gonna bed sleep getting out guys
thank you so much watching the video I
love you see you tomorrow
I didn't even come out oh but
