good morning guys I feel like I slept
low last night with a bit of one o'clock
I feel like I slept so much that I'm
like I don't know opening my eyes
physically hurts
and now I'm having a little play fight
with this one aren't we aren't we were
fighting each other apart in each other
well let's see what she does if I play
dead if she comes out if she fights me
ah she's actually bit my arm she's
biting her toy and accidentally bit me
as well that's fine what are you doing
today Zoe I am going shopping with Anna
that's nice Oh socks off the radiator
yes my feet I want some socks do you
actually yeah I'm gonna go get some yes
there's only today oh now you want to
put your toy down and play don't you and
Zoe today's going where all my socks are
gone oh they were here yeah Anna was
gonna Hannah's gone so he's gone what am
I talking about
awesome ah I feel so sleepy Zoe and Anna
Ciccone Jolie are going shopping today
which leaves me and Nala to ourselves
we're gonna fight them play fight all
day don't let me see them yeah they're
the same they did not come here they did
drop my boots did they have that pointy
bit and the point of it here yeah that
will go down though yeah yeah all you
have to wear them to make it go there
nice couple I really like them where
they from asos how do you like them
there we go there we go guys there is
horrible outside rain but just me
see you like it but you're going to blue
waters their shopping indoors so I want
to come shopping now girls only and
we've got a pug to look after so our
cargo is Jonathan going I was going to
say then I'm coming if he's going buying
it I need to edit this Sunday's video
anyway more am I doing this with my hand
up to the dentist I go don't just get a
new set of these
and I'm back home no no let's just have
another lunch eating that all up and
it's time for the guinea pig Samson
lunch so I'm going to chop this guy for
them look at the shape of our chopping
board we bought three like different
shapes little cropping boards the other
day you made out of different things and
this one doesn't really fit I mean I'm
going to try the boat sitting there
waiting look can you see them they're
both waiting for their food he excites
going to walk Nullah now that we get a
go to walk
we're gonna go to walk oh we're gonna go
no late night walk coming then back to
the walk and just unpack in all of the
shopping and look what Zoe bought me oh
my gosh these are straight-up my
favorite chocolate like I always forget
about oh my gosh she's bought them as
well
I always forget about them milky Stars
magic why must I know is Milky Way stars
that's why pasta sauce I always always
always forget that there's such thing
and then whenever I see them in a shop
not oh that is my favorite chocolate so
the fact that she bought me a massive
pack she gets some good girlfriend
points I'm telling you good girl from
points just playing a bit of Minecraft
with more more gum video sec it's morgue
everybody oh I didn't see what you're
doing I'm guessing you're vlogging how
you doing yeah I'm learning minecraft
anyway you get and one in the quiver I'm
one in the quiver and turf wars yeah I'm
learning do you like them I'm loving it
just uploading my new daily vlog and it
is going crazy but goodish my two
million or so put money braces in so
they're a little bit like lispy I got
these little things like stuck on the
side of my teeth today
to help my teeth move even faster for
the Invisalign like somebody'd get
straight even quicker which is cool but
yeah just bring through the comments and
there are so much support like
unbelievable 2 million subscribers on
this little second channel thank you so
much like I don't I feel stupid saying
thank you because there isn't really any
way like I can say it but I can't show
that I mean it I don't know what I could
do that would show how thankful I
because like you hit these big numbers I
hit like a million two million three
million and stuff on my main channel but
there isn't any way for me to say thank
you as much as I'd wanted so so just
know that I'm saying it and I mean it a
lot so thank you so much for this crazy
journey miss crazies of this happening
right now just making a healthy protein
shake I don't know what protein I use
this protein which is apparently really
light is actually a really good one it's
not just like some really bad b1 I use
this stuff I don't know what it is I
just got 'told filet from a nutritionist
and fitness trainer personal trainer so
I just fitted some strawberry one a
banana and some milk banana and
strawberry that is good that's really
really good I am so confused everybody
is going crazy about this stupid dress
being blue and white white and gold or
black and blue it's clearly blue and
gold like that there is blue and that
there is gold I've just saved the image
to my desktop
blue and gold I mean it looks like
slightly like white and gold but it's
not it's slightly blue where is anyone
getting back from there's no black Jay
you see in black I'm seeing different to
you the room what do you mean did they
do it to me I'm seeing like gold and
baisemeaux or blue in those beige bro
I'm really I've just open another tweet
that's blue and gold I don't know what's
going on with my life
there's another glow in gold another
blue and gold diamond seen any blacks
where's everyone getting this black
black and gold from oh it JC is just
weed for everyone saying it's white and
gold y'all are just and they're messing
with everyone let Joshua zarqa the dress
is white and gold to me all the founders
are my phone and PC no matter the
brightness I'm confused
used oh my gosh nasarah closed she put
WTF no I'm trying to so hard to see the
white girl but all I can see is blue and
black I'm literally I'm done I'm just
gonna move on with my life
alright guys just got tucked up into bed
now
and I've just got my laptop here
although it's bedtime can still got my
laptop in bed done I'm gonna make some
gaming thumbnails I think for future
games when they play I'm trying to plan
gaming videos for in the future what
games should have a cord I've got quite
a free day or not free day tomorrow
but I need to come some gaming videos
tomorrow so I'm going to try and think
of games want to play now and try and
make some cool thumbnails for them I'm
going to go to sleep now well I'm not
I'm going to cut leave me some
thumbnails and then get sleep so I'll
catch you tomorrow guys give the video
my memory card just went full so it just
randomly stopped I think I was saying
something along the lines of I'm going
to go to it now but I'm not I'm just
gonna quickly make some gaming
thumbnails and now I'm going to catch
and sleep so if you enjoyed the video
you can give it a thumbs up if you want
I just checked yesterday's because
yesterday as you know what are stars
like let's see if I hit 2 million
subscribers if we can get 40,000 thumbs
up the videos been at 5 hours my audio
42,000 thumbs up but that is literally
unbelievable so do whatever you want
give it a thumbs up if you want to if
you don't you don't have to leave a
comment if you want a you're dying after
if you don't what a I don't even know
just you watching this is enough so
thank you so much I love you and I'll
catch you tomorrow good bye
I've got a new update on this whole
dress disaster weirdness I just showed
Zoey yet so he's just got back from
seeing and asking Julie Jim guitar yeah
and I'm like Zoey's at what seemed
pretty good yeah it was really fun
so is that what's this whole dress thing
going as I don't even start she's like
why what is it she gets pitch up and
avenges why is everyone saying it's
white and gold black it's white and gold
and Zoey is I'm like adamant it's white
and gold and Zoey you saying it's blue
and black I always thought you explode
black to me not this door you don't see
that as blue and black at all
I told you this 100th in that it's white
and gold I'm so like white and gold
I'm so confused to the color blue and
anything else that's blue look that's
different that's a different color blue
this is more of like my brain is gonna
explode like a purpley a hundred shot
white and god no I don't understand that
how can you not see that as gold that's
not as gold as you can possibly get um
it's black that's gold
how is that gold you blind that's black
I literally felt like I owed a camera
this yeah well I can blue wait pret did
you see that
no never can you see in my camera no
it's black and blue
well my company taught you that color
your cameras change the color of her
guys I am so like my brains gonna
explode please can somebody explain in
my comments I'm gonna get sneaked out
also can the pass these dresses just say
what color it was wouldn't that just be
no because people look if you'd say that
making out email me I'll put in
Photoshop and he'll say it's white
serious yeah really yeah you do it early
age been doing on Twitter right I'll see
you tomorrow guys good night
