good morning guys
bite me oh and basically I jump my socks
just finished from the video of mum my
main channel going up this Sunday buzzes
over here mr. buzzy boy how you doing
how you doing mister how you doing you
okay we just put this up now just
because there's still go a little bit
crazy when they see each other they just
been at the garden but a half an hour
and we were like throwing balls and play
infections oh my gosh so we have a lot
of washing up to do Wow like my mom's
are oh no these guys are going crazy in
the garden playing like it and fetch and
stuff like that with each other in us
which has been super fun but now me mum
we're going to go to it load of rubbish
because we've got all of this our
rubbish just builds up and up and up and
we have loads outside as well so we're
gonna go and take it all to the skip
that for lunch now with Jay and look
who's come back from you need just to
see me that was purely the reason wasn't
there yes it was oh yeah and we're just
eating now we kind of went a bit over
the top of the food and drinks this is
the moon emoji are literally just about
salius a half a moon and of course I've
come for this guy brings easy this isn't
my statement sorry
Pauline Jay have come back to the car
okay this whole E&J gone back to the car
and I am I ordered so II oh no Anna
boarded sorry why Columbus but now if we
were to go pick up and get back to the
car what this one could they get there
morning guys I mean it kind of just
added this one to yesterday's video so
you're probably halfway through the
video because yesterday my camera went
out charged I couldn't tell you because
I had no charge basically I couldn't
find the charge of my camera so I
couldn't carry on vlog in which
absolutely sucks and I still can't find
the camera battery charger but you know
what I've done is that it on there
no no no this is it I've literally been
it was under my desk the whole time I'm
such an idiot
the one but why did I not look under my
desk would have ended up doing is still
in Zoey's battery which pollutant he has
full charge for today and the reason why
I couldn't log yesterday's because they
ran out of charge but of the the charge
is there know how annoying is that I
couldn't vlog yesterday because my
camera had no charge and my torch is
just there yeah that's it that's it just
they're so annoying well anyways at
least I know where it is now so if this
one runs out I can vlog tomorrow that's
lucky
I just finished from a two new gaming
videos I've got one loading here or
saving a little bit there and that one
saving there has some audio saving there
and now I'm gonna go it's Nala let's see
if she knows the word nyla know that you
want to gonna walk John I'm gonna walk a
walk don't I'm gonna walk a walk
he was a little bit of fluff stuck on
your face over here don't I gonna walk
she knows what it means she's like mmm
mmm go in there it's kind of walk let's
go save to learn walk when pugs do the
little like face I've had breakfast I'm
Ned lunch yet my just in a protein shake
because as you know I want to put on
weight or not muscle or muscle he good
now I'm not going to the gym but I just
want to put on weight yeah let's go for
a walk nyla are we doing the touch
trained in where you have to just follow
my hands you want next to me are we
doing that and you're doing good aren't
you on you tell YouTube how good you're
doing coming there look at that
but back home after I walk that was
actually super Oh a fellow from one of
your tweets neither what's that I was
actually really really good we're trying
to train our at the moment to do that I
don't know if you guys know if you have
a dog you may know this technique it's
called like touch and we're learning it
in puppy obedience classes you basically
walk with your hands slightly in front
of their nose and once to treat to train
them to walk next to you and watch the
once they touch their nose on your hand
then you stop and you give them a treat
right next to your leg to like know
where they stand so then they don't stop
pulling on the lead because often you
see we were walking down the street and
their dogs are like pulling them along
it's like they're getting walked by
their dogs and she's getting the hang of
it slightly like obviously she's not
100% there we only tried it like a
couple of days or something so far but
she's really getting there and she loves
she really knows that sushi touches her
hand her nose on your hand she gets the
tree we're just kidding isn't it little
one you're getting there we just need to
get her a hundreds that not pulling on
the lead which will be cool right
it's time to have a play with her which
we have a play outside coming in coming
in coming in let's play in the garden
what's this what's this what is that
go get it go get it bring it back look
you forgot the toy go get it come on
I've got a new one we got squeaky toy go
go get it go get it go on bring your
back bring your back bring it back good
girl come on drop it for me good girl
are you ready are you ready go come on
bring it back that's good that's really
drop it bring it back to me it doesn't
like sharing too much does she come on
no give me the ball back otherwise we
can't carry on playing noise yeah
sit
know that oh you didn't let me hahaha
I've got it now she's gonna fall asleep
straight after this pugs can only
exercise for like 15 minutes twice a day
she's going crazy give me that hey and
strip to the bowl she goes she is naked
you tired
I bet you are I just finished yet
anybody video but Azorean dollar to make
sure it's good enough for you to buy
yeah it's a it's for Zoey loves that I
don't want to tell you what game it is
because if all you might be going up
like a week or something follow me on
snapchat official zoella oh all right
just throws out that follow me on
snapchat as well
it's Alfie deyes sick my god
I leave our snapchats down below guys
can we take a walk
family portrait selfie on snapchat yeah
Zoey basically starts not trying today
and she's obsessed with her yeah perfect
we got a snapchat links down below just
finished filming a Sims episode with
Zoey which I am so happy to say we just
filmed a new one but quickly before I
just opened a yogurt one of these ones
and look look at this I don't know if
you can see it but normally they fall
through but it's got like it hasn't I
don't if that's our now it has I don't
if that's a good thing or a bad thing it
was like bumped up an air bubble what
was cool and if did as well my new hobby
just did a load washing up by hand
instead of using the dishwasher which I
love doing now now time to edit the Sims
video so I'll see you in a bit
I just got at the bath now super super
relaxing Zoe put in some light
or some bath bombs and stuff still
saving one of the Sims videos has taken
off some reason just ordered this a big
old pizza and two portions of chicken
Zoey's already have some pasta for
dinner so I kinda just thought you know
what I'm gonna get Pete's up in filming
and editing all day I really really want
to put on like a load of weight at the
moment and then we need to start working
out and making it muscle but for now I
just want to put on weight and so yeah I
thought I'd get a pizza get some chicken
and not only was sleeping over there a
little sleepy one on the Skype with Jay
we're just playing some minecraft guys
up into bed oh my pillows lower than
what osteo summers always nothing to bet
guys today has been super good all off
the core this video for you looks a
little bit yesterday and a little bit
today it's a little bit a little bit I
say little really weird I say little
more than a little I don't know oh my
phone oh my I forgot to tell yo ne just
happened like five minutes ago I hit two
million subscribers on my second on this
YouTube channel on this Thank You
 Channel I just hit two million
subscribers which is just in saying so
thank you so much for this for 2 million
2 million that's like I don't even know
I don't even know 2 million people
that's a quarter of London that's 8
times the size of my city
why no that's 270,000 people I'm gonna
go see a no guys if you enjoyed this
video in fact if you're happy that I've
hit 2 million subscribers and you're one
of them give this video a thumbs up
let's see if we can get okay cuz it's a
special because it's a 2 million
subscriber special let's see if we can
get 40,000 thumbs up normally I ask for
30 and we can do it just about stop
flushing the toilet and let's see if we
can get 40
that'll just be insane okay guys I'll
catch you tomorrow I love you so much
two million two
million that's crazy isn't it
okay can I have you
