good morning guys good morning
I haven't even managed to have a shower
today because we've been having plumbers
in sorting out all of the what's it
called up heated towel rail in our
shower so that we can't kind of a shower
first thing today
I've got cool with my lawyer just have a
breakfast just like a coffee just had a
true workshopped
that's what was it to it no ginger shot
and now I'm just jumping in to a call
with my lawyer
had a bloomin busy morning you saw the
phone call of my lawyer
that was the first thing that lasted a
lot longer than what I thought it was
going to last then caught up with a ton
more emails jumped in a few more phone
calls then headed out for lunch with the
team on amazing
not to bore you but I just went back and
listened more emails and I'm heading
home a little bit early today actually
very early today it's quarter to 3:00
and I need to edit my vlog way up day
what are you doing ah we've got some
people on the driveway for the first
time ever cleaning our cause for us so
we can get all the cars clean cleaned at
once so sick I'm needing my car cleaned
too far too long and we have to have
somebody come to the driveway and do it
amazing I'm absolutely sweating out in
here with the fire on you need to turn
it off just finish editing the new vlog
out oh I think one of these actually is
for me I want to say I want to say this
delivery is mine just finish editing up
the new blog it was a super good one
today like so much happened if you
didn't see yesterday's video also it's
run say one more thing mr. Joseph was
meant
coming over today and then last minute
isn't coming over now so if you watched
yesterday's book you'll you'll know that
I said codes find out tomorrow
announced tomorrow Joanne here so so I
didn't update you on that so that Joey
isn't actually here and he's actually
now and then or cutting that that noise
was not nice so instead he's now coming
tomorrow no it's probably for Zoey
one of these boxes is mine apparently
none of those boxes are mine so I
ordered some stuff off of Amazon because
you know that new monitor I bought
yesterday it arrived and yesterday's run
in my office I got myself a big new
fancy like displayed to plug my laptop
and it turns out I can't plug the
keyboard or the mouse into it
because you need a USB C to USB
converter so I ordered them when Amazon
Prime and meant to be arriving at some
point today you would have seen online
that the creators store is dropping some
Halloween I can't tell you who there is
a new creator involved as well and
there's already crazy were doing stuff
on the crystal website dropping
Halloween merch was sorting out all of
their logistics at the moment I need to
head back to the office now jump on the
emails to to sort it out and get on a
couple of phone calls
hello yeah I'll get I don't even
remember what my last clip in this blog
was since then although knows that I
look about five years younger because
I've had a trim of my stubble I got
changed because I was way too hot hot
and also our friend Holly is on her way
over and she's gone and picked up a
wagon Bombers as well and we're gonna
watch a movie we're gonna have a movie
night tonight it's 10 minutes boss 8 oh
my gosh I need to go now no no no I need
to go now I need to go and get cash out
where's my phone of the cash point
because I holy the money for the wacom
others I don't want to pay him for mine
annual Wagga members as well we ordered
over the phone you have to pay when you
get there but I don't want but I don't
want Holly paying for minor Zoe's as
well well I'm gonna jump in the car oh
the cars got clean today I bet you any
money I'm gonna drive past Holly look
how clean our cars are oh but there's no
bits of paper down there oh my gosh it
smells like what have I just dropped oh
no I just dropped the car key no I
dropped my mobile oh I got it I honestly
can't even describe to you how good this
car smells like oh my gosh we had a
proper deep car clean like professional
all the levers oh my gosh she feels so
smooth all the levers are done the
steering wheel look all of this bit
looks like brand-new nah no marks on
that if I keep on talking to you about
how good our car looks then I'm gonna be
late for the food so I've got to go
I'll get this as well thank you
I couldn't help but get a couple of
extra things number one it sensible
which was just some milk because we've a
nut milk this morning so I've got two
big thing as a milk and number two
number two it was double chocolate
nibbles I have to get these because
we've got a movie night need some need
some snacks in the movie night and
lastly I don't know if you remember in
the vlog but literally like a year or
two ago Holly and I had this joke or we
bought each other gnomes so when we
moved into our old house while that was
long ago she bought me like gnomes for
the garden and and I also bought her a
massive gnome from Asda one time not
giant I saw these just now and I'm like
ceramic skeletons with flash and Ellie I
didn't even have flashing LEDs that is
perfect for Holly so I just bought that
for her
Holly close your eyes I got you close
your eyes and put your hands out you
have to keep them close no peeking
they're like gnomes they're like there's
two in there they're like festive gnomes
they have LEDs as are our flashing LEDs
there we go you know I just got them
wait I've had them for months planning
petrol station us getting cash out oh
yeah got your cash as well on the new
sofa a brown Ronnie I don't know how I
persuaded these two to watch don't
breathe this is like the best the real a
horror movie
I've never time up someone yeah this is
like the best film ever if you haven't
already it's super similar to your
lifestyle no jaqen if you haven't
already seen this film guys you need to
check it out you have don't breathe if
you're into scary films if you're not
don't watch it don't watch if you're not
in scary doesn't bloom in scary yeah I
don't remember this beginning bit guys
this is actually sick
I'm jealous I'm gonna have to go back to
the pit no they're yours I'm gonna have
to go back to the petrol station okay
get some more so that's kind of where
the blog ended yesterday but that isn't
where it's gonna end because Holly
outside off-camera yesterday last night
we got talking about a service a service
a service that she has just signed up to
and I didn't even know this was a thing
and this is something that i 100% would
want to get involved in and i know that
tons of you guys probably would if you
didn't know like I didn't know it exists
and you might not know exists so if I
tell you you might want to get involved
because it's flamenco so Age UK the
charity I'm just reading this off of
their website now Holly's just link me
as I said Holly signed up herself and I
think some of my family and friends do
it as well they have a they have a thing
called befriending services at Age UK
one of the ways we try to beat
loneliness in later life is through our
befriending services we're a volunteer
visits an older person once a week in
their home so you can like sign up to be
like friends with an older person who's
suffering with loneliness how cool is
that but you can go and weekly visit
somebody who doesn't have any family who
doesn't have a partner who's around they
may have passed away who doesn't have
any children who doesn't
have their parents still alive who
doesn't have any brothers or sisters
they're super lonely and they just want
some like a friend and Age UK has a
service where you can sign up and you
can be that person so I wanted to tell
you about it in the blog and what is
befriended just cantos um just gonna
tell you guys some more information
what is befriend an age UK offers
different types of befriending services
face-to-face where a volunteer befriend
that visits an older person in their
home telephone so you can even just do
this over the phone
where a volunteer a friend that will
phone an older pup guys why are we all
not doing this but both types each older
person is assigned at befriender who
provides friendly conversation and
companionship on a regular basis over a
long period of time befriend him
provides an older person with a link to
the outside world and often acts as a
gateway for other services and valuable
support why is befriended important you
know this is going to break my heart
200,000 older people say they haven't
had a conversation with friends or
family no that's not real life that's
not real life like that break
yo what the heck 200,000 older people
say they haven't had a conversation with
friends or family for a month for a
month imagine not speaking to anybody
for a month
like um 3.9 million older people agree
the television is their main form of
company loneliness can be as harmful for
our health as smoking 15 cigarettes a
day
yo that blows my mind that 200,000 old
people say they haven't had a
conversation with friends or family for
a month I can't even imagine not
speaking somebody for a day like I have
you guys that the the other side of this
camera have you guys on Twitter I have
so many friends and family around me a
month that is I'm going to leave a link
down below I want you guys to all check
it out if you have any spare time if you
don't have spare time and you want to
make time out of your day then it would
be amazing I am gonna sign up to this
myself and I want to go and regularly
visit and befriend an old person that's
something that I would love to do
because it would suck being lonely and
it's something that if you if you can do
it and you should definitely try and get
involved in I don't know whether it's
just UK or what it's well why'd I think
it's UK because it's aged UK I'm gonna
leave a link down below please go check
it out I know this vlog wasn't wasn't
gonna end on like a deep emotional no
but it's just something that Holly in
Zoey and I spoke about last night and I
was like whoa this feels caught I need
to I need to let my guys know and
internet my people know so I'm letting
you know now and yeah get involved give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
subscribe if you're not already and yeah
get some merch down below I've got a
clan match on at the moment from the
pop-up shop and I think that's about it
I'll catch you tomorrow
mr. Joe sugg is coming today he was
meant for me
we didn't turn up but he's actually come
in today he's on his he should be our
house actually I'm currently in the
office using my new money monitor
finally and yeah I'll see in the morning
