good morning guys I am feeling oh my
phone is ringing a damn no caller ID
that means my taxis outside as I said at
the end of yesterday's video I hope you
enjoyed yesterday's a little Q&A video
if you didn't I leave a link down below
I mean no if you didn't enjoy it if you
didn't watch it right got my bag all
packed over my shoulder I'm off to
London today guys to go and hang out
with my sister
she's got day of work and I thought you
know what I'll come down down to London
up to London and we can go shopping
together because I like shopping
she likes shopping also she just moved
into a new flat with her friends or with
her boyfriend and two other friends so I
want to try and see if we can get her
some like nice little mirrors and they
were like bits and bobs to make it
homely just walking on the Black team
now guys got a large latte and tomato
baguette and two bananas to start the
day super positive still I don't know
understand positive as if there's
something that I shouldn't be positive
about I'm just feeling in every old good
mood and this latte is gonna wake got my
braces still in I think tomorrow under
snot - my Wednesday I go to the dentist
for an hour and a half and I'm getting
my second set put like given to me and
then I get in these like look we're not
really bit to put on my teeth their
lights either I think so then I'm
already on braces number two which is so
exciting
it's weird guys this is the first time
since I can remember that job to London
Oh someone's ringing me again I was
gonna plug in hello hello
it is my train I'll see you in a sec but
that was my sister saying where are you
I'm like six minutes late yet first time
in London without my laptop which is
strange I pre uploaded our edited this
morning and uploading my daily vlog was
scheduled for tonight so now my back's
like so light so nice straight into
Topshop I was on time I was I was on
time I thought I was gonna be like 50 oh
hey I thought it's gonna be like 15
minutes late but I wasn't I was on time
guys as always you know on life's on the
on time guy yeah that's what I mean
though it's just relaxed
shopping has been successful so far guys
we've got all of this house stuff for
property license
what do you be really bad no will you
just moved into a new flat so you
purchase themself they've got like a
wash boss is it wash basket yeah some
like or hope you know good as you just
bought like a duvet and staff candle Oh
some shampoo what shampoo have you got
poppy it won't focus there we go there's
a shampoo whew everyone doing what
shampoo she is is how you get those
locks up there no I do really like that
and now it's good I like the the
honeycomb effect when caused by those
shoes of them oh yeah we got this I
should I didn't get off myself
I was gonna get one but I forgot us on
the phone know that shops are eight
years away now we're not coming back
this thing what's it called pop a spiral
something a spiral slicer a spiralizer
basically it's this hench thing here I
don't know what it does
was it - there she is she's happy with
that are you gonna be as happy as that
pot when you use it oh yeah
basically guys Petri I don't know where
else to put it here we go here we gone
some of this stuff so I'm gonna use
vegetables you put in it and then you
spin it around and then it comes out
like this wait why do you want to come
out like that it's make master you may
pass that course yeah who wouldn't who
would do it won't pass them how cool
yeah I definitely do
there we go spiralizer
so we find them ended up sitting in a
coffee shop and I thought you know what
it's a good idea does the amuse accord
together so I just kind of run up and
put some tickets to go and see Charlie
the Chocolate back to the musical he
excited and we're now looking at candles
because obviously that's what you're
smelling Heights candle shop any good
not that one
definitely not I like the white one this
room over here
this one's good totally you've got the
chicken got my chocolate got my cookies
I just bought some chocolate say that's
good is it bad that I just bought some
man-sized butters instead of a water bar
I think we've got the wrong thing look
how much this theater is Christ it's so
cool
look at the shape of the stage as well
we've got six seats
considering we bought them last him in
here they're like row J and right in the
middle so cool in here
to stop guys simply to Don the bell just
when I'm saying it's five minutes to go
looking forward to it yeah I think it's
very good
it's now the interval guys how insane is
that
like the set I've seen Parton who scores
in my time
that's an island in the long drive up in
around 21 years yeah it's crazy like I
don't know how they're going to do you
call that inside a factory but they've
just for him and then ours
my camera battery is literally gonna die
I've just got a bit to a session now
bats get sent home
that show was believable like so
SOT like honestly just insane like the
set design and like I don't even know
how beat like down the sides of the
stages it was just crazy and I urge you
guys to go and see a like this is not
sponsored as you can tell by note I did
in the title and it was just him insane
tombliboo everything and I'm so so glad
at what it gets right I've literally got
like 10 minutes something like that
cause even watch till my train so I need
to get it
and I kind of forgot to film anything
else guys although it was so late anyway
it's like half past eleven and I have
barely any camera battery so I probably
would've died anyway if you enjoyed the
video and be sure to give it a thumbs up
let's try and get 30,000 that is your
target 30,000 and I'll see tomorrow or
actually it's today I'm recording this
the day after according this while
editing it I love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
