good morning guys today we debate
whether we like New York or not what is
your opinion Louis one minute my flights
are undone
let me quickly there we go well last
year I went there so the world vomited
in Times Square
oh no not Tookie zoella what about you
why I really like it there we go I was
the Univ it very moment
goodbye just finished filming a video
for my channel guys we're not yesterday
for you so you probably already see it
how did it go oh so fun that Louise is
your name you enjoyed it so much being
on my channel that you just falling
asleep now wait this guy he's such an
idiot you're just an idiot I don't know
the last time I vlog guys I think about
even two clips today so far basically I
just edited and uploaded my daily volk
and mentioned a video that went up
yesterday for you guys so you go check
it out
also what is happening a Minecraft you
somebody was just on somebody's head
walking around there they are I know
he's throwing him up and up and yeah
okay anyways
Zoe has gone to Louise's so they can
hang our audacity tomorrow David's gonna
hope that and it's gonna go and see his
parents right now tonight before working
tomorrow tomorrow I'm off to London to
hang out my sister nyla oh I nearly got
to strangle with them for my headphones
I forgot though connected Nala has
abandoned me don't know she is Nala
hey you're gonna kill today
so basically today has been super
productive on the video front or new
content going up but not so productive
on the Denville game and now it is ten
minutes to nine in the evening I would
ask Trey how he section one squat with
chamber but hit for insolence you
wouldn't even be able to hear him Jay
say hello
he said he's great just playing someone
in the quiver but if hunger games
maybe bitch or something oh we just
picked our force as well now I'm just
eating a very delicious nutritious
healthy
scrumptious dinner let's call it bars 10
no there's been a sleepy little baby
I think I do need to cook up some proper
food in the mirror though all right guys
more tucked up into bed or just realized
I've got a tattoo I'm from earlier I'm
gonna show you that Louise put on me
don't know if I showed you that little
stick on one but panty last two or three
weeks also don't have a clue what my
hair looks like lips have no idea i just
wheaton now saying yes to relate not Q&A
in bed because I know that I haven't
really blogged much today because I'd
spent most of it editing and then I play
minecraft living hours so let's see what
you guys come up with him and do a
little Q&A today because I don't want
this video to be short for you guys
don't want you to miss out would you
still be doing YouTube if you have no
subscribers that is a very very
interesting question I've never been
asked that before I think when I started
YouTube obviously I had no subscribers I
didn't ever think I'd ever have more
than like a hundred subscribers or a
thousands like no I didn't I didn't ever
think that ever even get thousands of my
hairs annoying with this but here active
why I didn't ever think I'd even get a
thousand subscribers ever ever ever ever
so what I currently have is just
unbelievable anyway that's not the
question the question is would I still
be doing YouTube I think I would
obviously it would be hard put in so
much time and effort into videos and not
even getting like one comment back and
like telling me how I think how the
video was maybe I would I would just
keep what I mean if I was never ever
ever to get one subscriber then it would
be very hard to carry on obviously I'm
going to admit that that's very true but
if it was like to start again with no
subscribers and see how things goes then
for sure I would do that because
everyone starts with none at some point
and I used to do that is it hard being
in a relationship with somebody who has
anxiety I always get worried that my
boyfriend hates it
wow that is so deep like again another
question that I've never it must be
because it's late at night I'm getting
asked questions that I've never been
asked before if I'm slowing this because
I got just bit my braces back and have
had them out all evening which isn't the
best that I was like snacking constantly
and had to take them out is it hard
being in a relationship with someone who
has anxiety it's not hard the only hard
thing up okay there is a one hard part
about there and that's watching Zoe
having to deal with having having the
anxiety it's not having to put up with
her because she can't help it like
that's not something that I could ever
think or like be annoyed for having or
get cross about because she's not
choosing to have it if it was like I
didn't like the color pink and she
always choose to ward the color pink
then yet that would be like you're doing
on purpose by anxiety as you all know is
something that nobody do they choose to
have it's not I saw his eye hmm I think
I might have a panic attack today and
make it really horrible for myself like
you can't you don't do that so don't
worry about your boyfriend Molly oh
using them as irrelevant as well don't
worry about your boyfriend
he won't hate you for it it's definitely
something that he will gradually learn
more and more about and maybe swayed him
to like look online at like how to
surround yourself like tips and how to
help somebody of anxiety so that he says
the right things to you and then you
don't get anxious and he's like what are
you doing stop it
don't worry like how's it go at you and
if he does currently then that's purely
because just like a lack of
understanding that's not because he
hates you why hates your anxiety no no I
mean it's because he hates your anxiety
but he doesn't hate you he just hates
that you're having to go through that
and him seeing you get upset and get
hurt by something that he can't control
is hard
like for example playlist live there was
OED like at 7:00 our meet up and then
there was one more hour that she was
meant to do and then it just went and it
was like instant tears and crying and
like shaking and everything like she
couldn't she couldn't possibly do it but
she'd done seven hours and there was one
hour left to do and there was like I
don't even know how many people not many
people waiting in the room for her and
she just like there was nothing she
could do and she and
then the worst thing is about people my
anxiety so I'm going off a bit of a
tangent here the worst thing is is that
then so is left not only how many
anxiety never need to go through that
self but then whilst thinking about that
having to mentally deal with those
who've waited to meet you and then you
don't get to meet them
so she's not only like mentally to
herself she's not only ruined it for
herself but she's also let other people
down well that's what she thinks
anyway it's basically anxiety sucks your
boyfriend won't hate you for it it might
take a lot of him to understand what
you're going through and trying to help
you deal with it like the best he
possibly can but he won't hate you
forever miss you and next question that
isn't going to be so deep favorite song
at the moment I'm going to say Shawn
Mendes is songs so Mendez's
is that even Shawn Mendes is I don't
know his music I really like his music
and then I listen to all the time and
how do you stand over everything with
YouTube I turn into my I profession you
are about everything that YouTube
related I used to be really really bad
and I used to suck all the time and
everyone used to like rinse me for
dating books but oh yeah you're gonna
write that in two months
and then I think I just did it very
gradually like I tried to do like a
couple of daily vlogs a week and then I
went into daily vlog in and then I tried
to do gaming at the same time as
starting daily vlogging and it's too
much now I've got like my daily vlogs on
lock and I just like really enjoy doing
them and I enjoy it in the minute it's
like a whole process I love that I do
one main channel video a week every
Sunday as you know and I love doing that
and that's just one video and that's
really nice too gonna put a lot of time
into that one and then my gaming which
is quite new that I've relaunched that
is three videos a week and again it's
just about mentally leaving time and
knowing that you have to do it I don't
know I say just do it gradually go into
it I'll gradually add more and more
content or it's got a once--in how much
do you need to be
and not at all like a zero because I lit
geez went for a week before I go into
med just get you're wondering are there
any new projects on the way there are
there's more merchandise coming out
quite soon not suppes Reggie is pretty
soon I can't tell you when that is so
exciting and I like I love love love the
peace that's what I'm gonna say now what
can are lit what tricks does Nylund know
gnarley' knows how to sit she knows how
to come back she know like Rico we
haven't let her off indeed let we have
we haven't let her often we have an
arrow off of her leader in public
just because we don't we want to make
sure that you're gonna hand your percent
like come back every single time before
let it off and then some big top and
there's a big dog attack sir we don't
want to happen in and so she can see it
we call worse alleged we're trying to
teach it to go down in the moment to be
like go down all the way but it's hard
like we've got we've got like puppy
obedience lessons as you saw the other
day in the daily vlog and we're getting
there but then buzz can go down so we
just need to practice a little bit more
she does it sometimes but not often and
but yeah so there's a few things and I
don't know I wanna teach her some cool
stuff wanna teach cool stuff like
barking so I can be like talk and then
she barks that would be awesome right
one last question so don't this vlog to
be too long and it's also 301 a.m. and
because oh he's not here where is she
she's with Louise though isn't she
having a good time yeah I've got to get
up in the morning for Nala which is in
for North hours boss 7 or 8 o'clock man
I'm tired
three o'clock last question what's one
thing you want to accomplish in life
deep Wow
there isn't really one particular thing
like this not like I want to go swimming
with sharks I wanted to do this it'd be
I think the one thing that I've always
been fixated on since I was younger is
working for myself and doing
something that I enjoy because I would
rather earn much less money doing
something that I love
then only more money and doing like a
job what I'm not enjoying because that
takes up a bloomin big percentage of
your life your work hours so doing
something I enjoy doing is very very
important to me over money or traveling
or anything like just getting to do
something that I love doing day-in
day-out like 9:00 to 5:00 or whatever
hours at work is one of the most
important things to me as well as
spending time with family friends let me
know what is one thing you want to
accomplish in life
comment down below give the video thumbs
up if you enjoyed it that's it thank you
so much guys thanks a little Q&A I
enjoyed that I hope that it made up for
my lack of vlogging if it didn't don't
worry because I've got a super fun day
London tomorrow off my sister then
shopping like all day which would be
really really cool and I'm gonna blog
all of that so I'll catch you tomorrow
I'm all tucked up in bed it's so nice
seven sorry's not here which is really
weird like I don't like sleeping mom I
like sleeping in bed by myself it's
really strange anyways guys obviously
it's mine thank you so much for watching
I love you good night
