good morning how you doing how are you
doing how are you doing how're you doin
Allah nah nah nah nah nah nah you know I
do in how you doing well you got your
crazy eyes out when Allah go oh my gosh
she's I starting up by herself oh my
gosh that's crazy and it's kind of not
the morning it's kind of oh my watch is
wrong my watch says it's 12 o'clock my
watch is one of those watches you know
where you have to wear it tonight make
it work so if I don't work like a day or
two then it goes up sink which is kind
of annoying but I don't know right the
time half past 3:00 in the afternoon my
hair is like well so remember hey guys
and yeah help us through it basically
gonna be honest with you because I feel
that we're we're close enough me and you
I've known you like five years up to
five years now potentially what are you
coffee now and then you know potentially
for five years now I've been making
these kind of videos and and I know that
some people like don't share everything
and I know there was only certain months
of people should share I feel or nine
like obviously if that's something
ridiculous you sadist happen then then I
may not blog about it and that's fair
enough I don't have to vlog it
everything in my life or though a daily
vlog but the reason why I didn't stop my
vid my blog yes because you know when I
said I started taking antibiotics so
into the doctor like 30 days ago roughly
kind of time and I finished all the
antibiotics never think and and then I
do go back this morning at 10 o'clock
for a blood test obviously I was like
nervous because I got asked to go but
excited blood tests before and it came
up that my liver function was slightly
wrong or slightly out and I was like oh
no my liver I like it though on that to
be going wrong and so I got called back
today after taking your mind about it so
you come that fricative why yeh you're
gonna listen to it oh you're gonna
listen to story time with Anthony nalli
the psychic so I just got back and now
you sit there
so my liver function came back I don't
even really know it I'm guessing it's
just a function of your live
so then they asked me to go back today
after I finished all my antibiotics
which was a lot I was taking like seven
antibiotic seven pills at once for seven
days and then another one every day for
30 days I was taking a lot of
antibiotics and stuff
so just hoping that this pain in my
stomach when I eat would get better and
then so I'm dragging on a bit because
I'm getting distracted by this one here
going crazy on my hand
yeah and then I got called back today
for a blood test and I didn't really
want to vlog it just because again it's
something quite personal and I don't
want to worry you guys that if I ever
like felt in or something like that I
don't know if I if I always feel like
comfortable telling you because I don't
you guys I know that some of you might
worry and be like oh no I'd be okay and
I don't want you to ever be like that I
want you to just enjoy the videos not
saying that all of you would be like
that maybe some of you but yeah so I'm a
blood test and then it turned they said
you can go back in two hours and get
your results so super super quick
turnaround so I went back at 2:20 so
like an hour and a half an hour and 20
minutes ago and got my blood test
results I'm a blood test my new function
was all good
came back perfect so I'm really happy my
liver function is working as it should
and it's perfect which I'm really really
have about I still got this pain in my
stomach which is annoying because it
means that I'm eating less so I think
I'm losing weight in the last 30 days
the doctor said oh you're coming back
the doctor said that I've lost 1 point 8
kilograms in weight in the last 30 days
from not eating as much because of this
pain in my stomach so that's a little
bit scary because I don't want to be
losing weight so I think I'm gonna try
and eat as much as I can and also take
protein shakes and stuff like that not
because I'm working out going to the gym
but because I just don't want to lose
weight from this pain in my stomach but
again nothing that you guys should worry
about it's all getting sorted and I've
been referred to a gas to me own gastro
auntie I don't even know gastro
psychologists so I had somebody special
specializing in stomachs basically and
then they're gonna fix it but you said
it's something to worry about they might
just have a look at it and stuff like
that so they're maybe even acknowledge
your promise literally in my face maybe
even put a camera down my throat you
said which doesn't seem like the nicest
thing but I mean it's better to be safe
but
better to be safe than sorry so that
could be a thing get a camera down put
down my throat I don't know I'm gonna
get cool from that person soon but yeah
just thought I would update you update
it with my blood test info the way no
good and whatever functions are good
anyways it is now hot pasta me Zoey is
off to pick up Louise because Louise is
staying for the weekend which is Louise
sprinkleofglitter you all know who she
is which is really really exciting and
this little one my hat is like falling
off my head and this little one what
have you got do you want to tell
everybody another look yeah do wanna
tell everybody what you've got tell them
come on tell them Nana's got puppy
obedience cut your Lynn you toy yet
puppy obedience classes in at 5 o'clock
so got like an hour and a half until
you've got your puppy obedience classes
and buzz will be there any of my parents
Zoey won't make yet I didn't make last
weeks because I was in London shoot move
Ribena but Zoe comment this weeks now
because she's going to pick up Louise so
I don't know her not as good as she is
at me in train though because we're not
ask you to do things now she's good
but when there's like 10 dogs around her
and stuff I don't know she's gonna be
like are you gonna be good today are you
gonna do everything you get asked to do
are you gonna do all your come here or
your sit in everything like that
are you I hope you are but yeah I just
wanted to update you guys with
everything I know I've been rambling on
for like six minutes or something
ridiculous now so I'm gonna stop I'm
gonna stop about I just wanted to have
look why not because I Nonna's literally
just watching Spongebob you enjoying
that she's like fixated on the TV yeah
because oh my gosh my brain is gone now
someone's calling my phone who's calling
me Zoe's full of me again once that
guy's sorry guys as I was saying
basically I didn't vlog yesterday
because my get out of my shot get out of
the way because my uncle auntie cousin
last one on quarantine cousin is gonna
add another person
my other cousin didn't come over she
still over there live in South America
and they came over and they've been over
for like three weeks now and they came
over to here yesterday for like a
drinking cup of tea and hang out and
then my cousin stayed or evening then we
had me and him played minecraft I think
he's like oh I don't know how old he is
maybe like he's really smart for his age
I think he's younger than what he seems
I think you may be like wow 11 he's 11
he's 11 but he's very very smart so me
and him just played Minecraft like all
day and all evening and so I didn't
really vlog any of it because I just
wanted to spend my quality time with my
family
and I now I daily vlog so I should blog
every day no matter what I do but some
days I just don't feel like vlogging
because I wanted to enjoy the day rather
than have to film the day so it's really
really nice catching up my grandma came
over as well
so we all just have spent the day
relaxing together and stuff like that so
sorry for not vlogging yesterday I hope
you understand if you do then I love you
let's get back to filming today dolly
has no cheering that way on the floor
over there whilst watching Shaun the
Sheep movie trailer over Donald's
I'm back from probably telling the guys
that was so much fun
no papi trained it was so great sadly
Louise is here now really sad I'm Jerry
kid and and I just seen online I didn't
even realize like properly I heard about
it a while ago I didn't actually know
myself Zoe know me and cats we've all
been voted for Nickelodeon Tina waters I
don't even know what casually were under
let me have a look
UK favorite bloggers there we go we've
got mr. Alfie deyes we've got Caspar Lee
we've got know me smart and we've got
zoella I really really don't care if I
win or not so go do it go just to go
vote that vote for whoever you want I'm
not gonna push you to vote for me
because you're up against three of my
friends and I don't there's no point
doing that so go vote for whoever you
want go vote for somebody just to make
it fun but lets you vote for whoever you
want they're the most important thing of
all is that there is UK's favorite
celebrity animal we do have punching the
dog we do have Prince Essex the cat we
do have Lady D a dog and most
importantly guys we have Pippin our
hae-sung that is what I want you to vote
for go on to like Nickelodeon KCA don't
Nick don't go to UK or something like
that I don't you guys come find it and
then here you have UK favorite celebrity
animal go and vote peeping and percy
click that one there and vote for our
guinea pigs and that is all that's
important to me I don't care about the
favorite bloggers one because I just
think there's no Polly fighting against
friends there's no point tweeting saying
go and vote for me I don't want to do
any of that literally just vote for who
everyone just know that the award is out
there and just go and vote for whoever
you truly think but what I do want you
to point is for proving a mercy would
that be nice guys where are you would
that be nice
hello yes it would wouldn't it where's
your where's your friend shianet well I
think we lost one oh there he is he's
just chilling down here
but yeah okay you guys know what to do
yeah yeah yeah
all right Louis guys is gonna do the
sticky rice challenge are you Dave see a
man not a sticky rice challenge here we
go Alfie's a challenge money's not a
challenge
you know wait wait wait let me go and
whisper something to these guys wait Rob
adapt by going sticky sticky rice
challenge go on go quickly three two one
ah watch leadsmen idiot a sticky hand it
is like half busting I'm finishing the
clock for Alfie because I was like Alfie
you're gonna finish your vlog because
like now I don't care about my viewers
I'm not gonna get up to bother to finish
my sauce and then he was like to put me
on camera because they don't love my
fears I don't want them to see me I'm
joking what is actually doing is teasing
me about ham Louise you know oh yeah
wait they know me when I made you cry by
talking about ham and eggs
it was almost feeling hungover I don't
wanna hear my eggs I know I'll tell the
story right we were in LA and we were in
van and I was like feeling a bit
delicate basically I was hungover as
always that makes it someone you've got
a problem in America and there's lots of
parties yada yada I was coming over in a
car and like that for forty minutes have
been talking about like eggs and like
all those of food are just after about
40 minutes just couldn't take anymore
it's like guys can we not talk about
like eggs and ham astir for then al
feels like a million pictures this is
such a boring story I've had a million
pictures of them on his phone don't know
why he's got like an egg fetish
I would just spend a whole minute doing
the most boring story with know like
enthusiasm of its sleepy but there's
Alfie boxes on show Alfie I can see more
box than I could see face yeah I can
that's good if you enjoyed this video on
Africa's channel to go ever sprinkle
glitter and sprinkle chatter subscribe
videos I wouldn't bother it's yours give
them a target how many to here for after
we'll see you tomorrow with another load
of really boring life stuff bye
