good morning guys it is actually the
morning I just finished getting my hair
that already had breakfast as oh he's in
a meeting and it's been super super
productive just met literally like tons
of you coming out their dresses I
tweeted saying I was in the
hairdresser's getting my hair cut didn't
say where was or anything like that just
tweeted my hairdresser and those of you
are waiting outside like literally like
40 of you when I left which was insane
like I don't I don't even understand how
you know where I get my hair cut but you
do and just really now now to go to
Burger brothers because I need to get
some lunch
and so dessert so I've never been before
gotten burgers guys I think I think they
look really really good they're actually
method
see that is right up right and it's just
so like creative and have also got my
site nearly closed because the sun's up
there it's actually sunny in the UK this
sunny guys are just bumped into Jodie
who watches my videos and she's done
some crazy wait wait bitch focused there
we go some crazy drawings show them some
other people okay I've got Louise
they're so good got Marcus where they're
quick Fritz loaded bread yeah don't
worry G it's going there we go
and then Tyler as well I do speed
sketches so they go from hairline node
don't worry it's coming it's coming
they're so good I love them I'm back oh
oh I don't know I'm telling you like
it's something amazing
I'm back home guys and it is time to
look at the chicken burger that I got oh
oh so I'm listening to them Sarah close
let me turn her down
Sarah yep fresh fish okay I'm weird look
at this this is a takeaway burger in
Brighton wow that looks literally
delicious oh there's a little spoke a
there's a flag lucky I didn't eat that
this is how you do it guys I have got on
my laptop here I'm editing one minecraft
video here I'm editing another gaming
video and here I'm about to upload my
new daily vlog literally doing three
videos at once like this is awesome like
so so cool I love it this happening out
your walk just walking around no don't
spin don't spin no space oh oh oh
listen you're standing this better well
no like you guys oh he shoulders worried
cuz she's hearing me small I'll smash
you in your face that's nice yeah look
she's annoyed at you she's like stop let
me shit on me oh good alright I'll put
you down up here no yeah ah oh wow
covenant oh wow that's so exciting I
start on there oh yes played the floors
lava when an crumbs on the floor Eva
go jump parkour also guys mother we're
about in on a walk that's why we're
heading out together
there we go
you're a bit go did it all by yourself
guys look at the stars too late
you can legit see them in my camera over
here wait where is on the camera no I
don't know what I can see them no you
can't see as many you can't see asmin in
my camera but here damn it you can only
see one just there look there
can you see it it's that um what's that
far mr. Zoe what's the farmers tall one
like the thing that you get plants with
yeah it's that one you know the one guys
were playing some games with Nala she's
having a little break
she's getting tired oh oh you eat my
camera yet another go no ha ha in my
office
I sit one end of the kitchen Zoe sits
the other my camera ha you ready
yay
no going to the wood she's good at she's
good at she gets so excited playing
games like this or so I got a new
teacher did you like this t-shirt oh and
some new tracky bottoms which is oh oh
no no she got it she got it
although she has I genuinely tried to
catch that I missed it
I got this run I got it
left-handed go they don't have pockets
which is weird so I keep on going to put
my mobile in them and like my camera and
stuff what nope here you ready
bouncy one and then I can't put it in my
pocket because there isn't any pockets
also mum buzz and dad are coming over
there on the way now they get here in
like ten minutes and we've ordered a
wagon my mistake away
I'm so excited - durian pennies fire up
your ovens or just sociable as a group
of gung-ho celebs prepare to do battle
in the bake-off tent all in the name of
charity welcome to the great comic
relief bake-off this point I almost
ulema to break the makeup guys you're
watching the bake-off
zoey is on it I hope you watched it last
night if not go watch it now whatever
you can I find a slight flaw in this one
there that you're one guys we like half
an hour into it and your boys that
enzyme knitting needle on the third
challenge I know and the other tubers
really well as I did over 70 this is the
most important one not then - well more
is Jonathan
I don't wanna know ah why is that well
you just tucked in the middle the one
mentions while we were talking to the
beginning we have some striped somewhere
there was no time straight it must be
the house on The Wizard of Oz which one
when we got trashed
oh yes that one yeah we haven't got the
movement here see what it tastes like oh
yeah spagett sofa slightly over base as
I can see ah yeah the flavors okay yeah
the inside it's very very colorful a
little bit rough okay the flavor is okay
is the man that puts the got it gotten
wrong no no the bake-off is over and it
is now time to do the whole to have a
bar this one is like a unit we have like
a big thing full of bath bombs this one
here looks like unicorn horn
I'm just going to Zoey can I use this
one
I would crumble it under the water but
the water saw how it's burning me I
can't do it I'll just hold it under this
is literally burning me so much why am I
doing this how how how oh it's working
it's going bubbly it's looking good
right guys I'll catch you up to the bar
good bye bye guys Oh tucked up into bed
and then slay them I thought I mean I
had the bath at like 11 o'clock but then
now it's currently like 2 o'clock I've
been uploading gaming videos scheduled
so they are ready for Friday and Monday
and Wednesday so I've got three videos
now uploaded by Friday Monday Wednesday
and we came to channel they're gonna go
live by themselves like I'm ready and
prepared I'm so so excited and it just
means that I won't miss any uploads and
slack videos and stuff like that so I'm
going to always try and stay ahead like
a week or something like that
I'm gonna end the vlog now focus because
it one number one no because it's 2:00
in the morning and number two's because
we need to get sleep sorry next I mean I
don't want to wake her up today it's
been so awesome I'm so happy I got my
hair cut obviously I would be that
product in it myself so you guys haven't
seen the full potential is more just
like a trim because I want to grow out
as you guys know so I'm not getting an
idiot of golf I forgot it like thinned
and like shaped a little bit be honest
so so awesome so glad as over in the
bake-off and she absolutely smashed it
did let team in too proud that is about
it this video if you enjoyed it let's
try and be I don't if we put yesterday's
target yesterday I wanted see if we
could get 30,000 thumbs up I just
checked now and we're currently on
22,000 so I don't know if we're gonna
hit the 30,000 so that is the target for
today give this video a thumbs up let's
try and get 30,000 at less than Zane
30,000 is just ridiculous I don't even
know right I'm gonna go to the Americas
thank you so much watching today I love
you so much
I'm actually all tucked up into bed
don't like them better Alden back in bed
I can finally say it got the window
opens Wow so it's nice and cold not that
you care
why did you camp at my window being open
I don't even know I mean it go tweeter
saying I want egg fried rice which I
really do really really really feel like
eating egg fried rice right now I'm
sorry I told you some random stuff do
you don't even care about I'm going to
be quiet going to sleep thanks so much
for watching today I've already said
that
good night guys I'll see you tomorrow I
love you
