good morning guys today I've got a photo
shoot so I've I'm on makeup done I don't
if you can talk about makeup on can you
tell it was it just looked like I've got
good skin for once this is the sort of
makeup that I just could put on my face
kind of thing but yeah I need to go to
the pictures now so let's go do that
right guys I have finished my photo
shoot all done still got my makeup on I
just they were like told me to wipe off
for you cuz I probably just leave it on
to be honest I'll just look better won't
I so it's an excuse to wear makeup and
look better but erm now I'm off also I
wasn't allowed to go much at the photo
shoot because obviously I'm not allowed
to leak which photos went up and like
the style of them and all things like
that but um now I just rang che got him
out I bet he was still in bed and it's
honor my watch is wrong it was a half
past one or something
it was a hot one or something and I
basically got him out a bit wrong and I
was a boy jump in a taxi now I'm in town
by myself and I want to go and get some
lunch so persuading him to get up he's
jumped in a taxi and he's on his way to
meet me now for lunch we are in Jamie
Oliver's and in fact he just like my
Instagram so that's what he liked it was
was taken in the dressed one this is the
starter we always go to contain
like I'm not even gonna bother going
through it because there are so many
different things
yo main course time I think it's chicken
and ravioli not a hundred percent sure
but I'm pretty sure what are you go for
ham and bacon carbonara with Gino finish
up lunch don't know if I'll vlog tips
then don't think I have we just rent
them out with Zoey for a beer and now
we're in game why you shaking your heads
this is the game I'm gonna buy oh I'd be
serious boys you know how much I love
Ben 10 you guys know how much I love Ben
10 it is not about omniverse it's about
original maintain I think omniverse is
like the second weird one but and yeah
we're trying to find some like really
old games on the Xbox 360 not this
what's one skate 3 is just good isn't it
I want to get again for like 50 P
knocking down my game the channel just
like so bad it's funny voice of 199 I
was at $1.99 for Minecraft I what we
going to go for then if this didn't
require one of the Kinect sensor things
I just I'd have to get that we should
buy it anyway no I don't want to be
standing up gay men I want to use a
remote mistake and they're on a road
trip that skateboard doesn't look a
little bit Missy
hello how you doing we had a nice day do
you like my socks see that my socks just
made or Zoey make me a delicious amazing
dinner which I'm about to absolutely
destroy yeah bitch but it's the best
this is what you wanna go no no don't be
in our food come on drop down dolla good
girl
no no what's happening no nose you
the screen she pauses every time funny
no Levi guys have just been sitting here
playing Minecraft I literally like the
last two hours or something like super
super long with che just practicing and
practicing and Megara and these socks
really I was like what are they and Zoey
Anala went to bed ages ago so I'm just
gonna finish the vlog down here because
I don't want to go upstairs and wake
them up as usual it's Carly two o'clock
in the morning and what was I gonna say
what was I gonna say I don't know how to
start so do minecraft series or not like
I'm seriously seriously seriously
getting back into gaming as you can see
that I'm uploading three times a week
every Monday Wednesday and Friday on my
gaming channel and I'm absolutely loving
it like enjoying it so much but I think
I think I might be ready to make a solo
minecraft series but I don't know I just
don't know what to do maybe I do like
they're a joint series and I mean Chad
played yeah but I mean Marcus or me and
Vic star or I don't know I don't know
let me know what you think in the
comments do let me know please because I
think I think I'm ready to start and I
think I know enough about the game now
because I didn't want to just rush into
starting want to not know how to play
I should stop rambling on about gaming
the photo shoot this morning was
literally unbelievable like I don't know
much but if I'm allowed to put in
because I was there currently the photo
shoot pictures
what they look like and stuff like that
they're gonna be in I'm the eighth full
edition of We Heart pop magazine and
I've got under brimming front cover from
the front couple of a magazine like the
hope done the whole picture that is
ridiculous
like so so mad just absolutely crazy so
thank you so much for making stupid
things like that possible because why
does little out through sitting in his
house
talking to a little camera in his hand
then warrant being the front cover of a
magazine I don't know I just don't know
but it's crazy so thank you so much
whenever I do photo shoots I'm always
more people right I'm super I'm not
photogenic I'm a super I'm the
photogenic if you take any picture I'm
just gonna look bad and I don't want to
do like some like sexy posing ones also
like smiley ones like I'm more like
junkie than seriously posing and pouting
and like whenever I do not pout pictures
I'm like okay complete joking things but
this magazine and this photographer and
the director really understood like what
my channel is about and how I like how I
like to do things and the pictures are
just so fun I can assure you you guys
are gonna love them I'm gonna try to get
my hands on a couple of them so that I
can upload them online so you can get
like the proper images it's about time
hungry
it's 2:00 in the morning and I'm hungry
but I feel like if I eat now I'm not
gonna be able to fall asleep until like
4:00 so probably not the best decision
is it right I wonder stop rambling I
need to stop speaking so much thank you
so much for watching this video if you
enjoyed it please give it a big ol
thumbs up no because I ended my vlog
again not in bed I am being able to send
tucked up in bed I don't like saying I
at the end of my videos so I'm just
gonna say anyway I'm gonna talk to him
but no it's really I say and I'm not
like what can I say yeah I'll say
something else instead this is what I'm
gonna say
remind yourself that you don't have to
do what everybody else is doing there we
go guys remember that
listen to it live by it enjoy it I don't
know I'll see you tomorrow
give the video a thumbs up do don't say
that I don't know if I did
yesterday's video I gave you a target
the other day of 25,000 thumbs out I
knew guys smiles good and I think it's
gonna say 5000 thumbs up or something
it's stupid so challenge for this video
we're gonna go a little bit higher than
last time but then ago thirty thousand
thumbs up last on this twenty five you
smashed there let's try get thirty
thousand on this one probably not gonna
because the time that I now have asked
thirty thousand I've been rambling for
terrorist forces probably only one
person left watching this if you are
giving us something I don't even though
you don't even have to do whatever you
want to do I'll see you tomorrow guys I
love you so much I don't know what I'm
doing tomorrow thenahms are gonna film
some gaming videos have some fun play of
gnarley' I don't even know shut up Alvey
go to bed don't go I love you oh my gosh
I'm so weird I'm so sorry
