good morning guys I'm currently happy
not since a breakfast place already
the aim was wrecked first but it's now
like we were meant to be loved better
than that hothead
look what I got though I've got a
chicken bacon avocado salad chase got a
burger cheese and bacon and Steve Rose
is back how was your trip man yeah he's
got like burger and chips and stuff then
I just saw under their food another good
aperture of course by the Lille coffee
green smoothie we're gonna have to pack
what we're gonna do
they'll eat it
finished up lunch but we still don't
know what we're gonna do today we're
just walking through the lens now or
have you ever been here you not had have
you had a cupcake from there no why it's
the one and your food yeah yeah absolute
best place I know we're lost
hummingbird yeah it is yeah yeah a lot
hummingbird what do you wanna do what'd
you do today
how'd you guys know these bakeries
humming the bakery by
old American candy even on the post it's
an electric shock USB so I think if
you're standing up I don't that you're
even in shop ever I just got tray with
it let's try it go and just slide that
little guy up oh yeah why have you said
I think one of you might have sent it to
Zoey's PA box for Joe but Joe like Joe's
in LA so I just opened it up also a back
home now I think we're gonna go into an
interesting photo huh oh yeah so we're
just getting all your empty my memory
well hello my memory God's gone over the
hair empty my memory guards so that we
can go and take some good pictures
Vince around so go check out alley
bowling some stand alone we can go check
them all out
taking out some sick pictures
we just got to the beach don't really
know what we're going to be shooting a
where or how or anything all I know is
it is blooming freezing it's raining a
little bit my hair is a mess that's it
Steve show them some of the shots you
come in here some of these gonna fit
really fast
back home now guys I always say guys
what is it guys so much like 75% of your
female making hot chocolate in here
because we're making three of them also
those guys over there and why you
laughing why they all get bullied by
these two why do I hang out with you I
don't trust you guys what do you mean
what you mean I don't trust you
basically update making hot chocolate
I'm just gonna add tons of this into
there and just make this a massive hot
chocolate and then split it so I'm gonna
have to make another one after this in
the microwave
I'm gonna have a ton more marshmallows
the more the better
this video how to make white chocolate
then get this guy wait you meant shake
it I don't think so bro yeah so good yo
that dude you wanted to be like the
messy like a nice boy that's just some
Oya sprinkler then guys on there then
right there right now right there get
this again stick your fingers in a
little bit sprinkle some black on the
top this guy boom Steve sneak peek Steve
them Tokyo man get one fighter these
aren't like fully editing stuff another
sneak peek they're cold we're not only
shooting for let you like 20 minutes
ya know okay you ready I'm excited this
is I think this is a good one
just wait for it my batteries lesser say
that guy who is that guy to join him on
the boat just hanging out on a boat and
now Chinese gonna do a challenge J you
guys know the infamous challenge J's do
right I said if he can because I've done
this before in a video no no it's put
him in hard it's there's got like half
full if you can eat all of this like you
have to eat all of it
press them on the whole way down I'll
give you 20 pounds that was the deal I
think you got out 3 2 1 go no 20 pounds
for you did you think you had that or
you didn't even yet Li Chen 5 seconds on
that this heart is that it's only your
jump here like that look at Zoe's back
now guys and we're doing a live show for
change his life is look at Steve's hair
oh my god boy this is gonna be my thumb
now how are you doing how are they know
this McEnroe she's just listen there was
a table ready - why are you showing your
hair look how much dominoes we just got
is this my one why is that cause it's
tuner and sweet course
tuna sweet corn guys that's cheese run
Cayman Islands that's a chain like a
cheesy got loads of chicken is raw
master yeah left them yeah I'm so
excited it's like ha cross one in the
morning guys Zoe and Oliver both in bed
I'm playing Minecraft and Steve's
entered a new video and we're still
finishing up and all white guys have got
to go into the game good going I'm sorry
Steve's off guys it's 3:00 in the
morning
for national TV hey my gosh she's
getting in it's not a any morning or
I've got to be up leaving a nine for a
photo shoot in the morning guys I'm just
gonna aim up okay because re so many
faster sleeping I don't want to look up
thanks for watching if you enjoyed today
did the video thumbs up
I don't catch you tomorrow super anyone
photo shoot
