good morning guys it is currently
Valentine's Day and it is currently was
eight o'clock in the morning up in a
week for half an hour I ever 7:30 when I
wake up
I've taken all her out for a wee nap
whom looking down there because she's
over there but now since it's
Valentine's Day I thought I'd make Zoey
breakfast I stupidly went but I passed
five so I am so tired I'd literally just
stay up editing a thick edge too until
5:30 trying to get videos done for you
guys I'm a nutter the whole farm is
waking up guys the guinea pigs to go
nuts knowledge going crazy barking so
he's going to wake up in a minute but
breakfast is done so it's not really the
biggest fan of like cooked breakfast a
scrambled egg small things like that she
more eat things like this so I've made
some new yogurt fruit tropical juice all
of a sudden make that heat it up a nice
little what they've got I've had a frog
Allah and then also some scones I mean I
think it's okay it's nothing crazy but
we say we were doing Valentine's Days so
it's just a nice little breakfast it's
considerably later in the day now guys
and we've come to the garden centre oh
so another dog ah okay so we're thinking
for furniture in the summer that's not
why we came here we came here for indoor
plants and just for fun but we like this
look how cool this big thing is oh let's
sit down a net shut them show them look
at it it looks so cool because then we
can hide away and we can like sit in
somebody's in there and then do they you
can see anything apart
is it comfy make it yeah oh
I just want to sunbathe in there oh my
gosh no yeah imagine pushing these two
in together and then it's just a big
double bed and then we get outdoor fairy
lights all in the inside and then when
when it's nighttime you turn them on it
looks like that the sky above you
I really want that why is it not some
already gnarly you're being such a good
girl today aren't you
yeah a mirror for the garden okay
I never thought about getting a mirror
out in the garden in her garden there we
go so we look at all the games and
everything and then we see a load of
books
why is my book in the garden center
that's so random
look unload a Minecraft books
yeah that's so cool I don't have a pen
to sign in a damage this is our current
selection what this one another what
plant Cup matches pretty big we like
this guy here which is pretty cool and
so it's just like a hang it a hanger
oh yeah and all of these little ones as
well I house is literally going to be
like that Amazon yeah we wanted some
garden furniture that's quite good on
his neck just represent it'll fit like
me a fit year for everybody cuz all
different shapes and sizes
yeah if it leaks you all of our
subscribers into one chair we're in the
animal section guys and look at the size
of this Kong a Kong is basically like a
dog toy kind of thing look at the size
of that compared to my hand hold that
yeah
the monkeys are that is bigger than my
hat like Nala look at this toy hahaha
you're difficult to do with that look at
this tiny little I don't know what it is
look at it Oh oh my gosh guys we're on
the way home
and remember Florrie who came on amateur
services up listening to Radio 1 a new
song if when I get what I want
we're now all tucked up on the sofa and
enjoying Valentine's Day in full swing
you having a good day yeah what have you
got here that you just made us noted
Kabri chocolate with shredded wheat
delicious so delicious I'm gonna make it
into their little like Cadbury's nests
with the mini eggs and girls like it
just takes right now that's a big nest
when it's still melted and hot
oh my god and the nyla Sonia Primus a
new choose that she got from the garden
center and then up here we are watching
The Inbetweeners number 2 movie which
you never seen before have you did I get
so far about the sick oh yeah there's
one bit where you got to on his face and
he was being sick but it was so I don't
know I find it I just this is literally
that my sense of humor just really rude
stupid ridiculous jokes like not
swearing rude they don't really swear
much in it like you know it's um it's so
outrageous that it is just family like
yeah it's just rubbish yeah and great so
enjoy that which laying on the sofa
tucked up in a duvet and we just had
some pass to each as well so I'm going
to carry on enjoying the film and eating
my big old nest
and we'll catch you in the flip-flop
what are you doing hmm I kind of just
had like a half an hour nap forgot to
show you we got a new carpet yesterday
well it's got some dog toys on it but
new oh yeah not a carpet a rug I always
get confused let us know if you like
that if you don't doesn't really matter
because we got it what are you doing
here that makes me a little bit worried
no no no Zoey want me to do the
hammering I don't know if you can I
don't know have you checked the Deusen
any wires by now uh little oh stop the
down there how many plug sockets well
it's only a tiny nail but for that tiny
how I'm gonna check there's no wires we
don't wanna lose baby baby like you hold
this let me do ya let me do then at
least we get that kid tonight
my body's big obvio to add a more shock
than you you've read stuck it to the
wall already my camera died and had to
put it on charge so it is now 3 a.m.
I've just been playing my golf of shades
like three hours Zoe and neither have
been asleep for like three hours as well
but look I managed to put them up with
Zoe and they look so cool I really
really like it and then also in here in
the little cozy room let me show you
what we did over here oh god we got a
new table why the lights strobe in got a
table which has like a little bit pops
down here at storage how sick is that I
love it
we got this today Finola I can nicely
all like I don't know cool it like a
poof a little thing to sit on and then
look what I did we've got a little
hanging plant in the corner of the room
it's a bit of a weird plant but it's
cool and it hangs in the corner so I
screwed that into the ceiling
I'm just looking at I'm just such a man
I built this yesterday screen stuff from
the ceiling fixes stuff into the walls
over there I'm just so manly just Sam
manly right I'm gonna go sleep now guys
cuz it's 3:00 a.m. and I've got to film
like 4 videos tomorrow wanna film three
gaming videos tomorrow and my main
channel video so oh by the time I
watching this it would have already gone
up basically my new main channel video
is due to high demand American candy
number two basically I did a video
called try American candy I got like 2.2
million views or something ridiculous
and I said in the video if you guys give
it a thumbs up and enough of you do like
loads if you want it I'll do a part two
crazy amount of you gave it a thumbs
like 170 thousand or something so I'm
doing a part two tomorrow which is the
day this goes up for you so once you're
watching this part two has gone live and
so I leave a link down below you guys
can check it out quarter past three
that is so late I need to go to sleep
thanks for its in this video guys if you
enjoyed it then please give it a big ol
thumbs up let's see how many we can get
oh just give you a challenge every day
of how many so let's see if we can get
25,000 that is your target twenty five
thousand of you to click down below on
the thumbs up button okay I'm going to
go to sleep this fit of hair is annoying
it keeps them just flopping down I'll
see you tomorrow guys thank you so much
watching today good night three
musketeers now I'm gonna have to say I'm
a little bit disappointed because
there's only two min here
