good morning guys it is so early it's
seven o'clock usually I wake up at 7:30
but I don't usually go to bed at 2 a.m.
like I did I do it last night like 20
past two why did I do that there's a
stupid decision but oh well today's
gonna be fun right I'm all dressed and
ready guys
I've done everything the only thing I
forgot was hairspray which is a little
bit annoying because now my hair is not
gonna hold in the same position all day
I know I've forgotten something
somewhere what have I forgotten I can't
leave this hotel room without forgetting
something I know that I just know what
I'm like I just do I don't know I'm
gonna forget something
remember I told you I'm do something
exciting today well I told you yesterday
at the end of yesterday's videos if you
watch that then you know that our army
we didn't watch that then you don't know
that I am basically today I got an email
the other day from Ribena like yo do you
want to shoot a fun video together and I
was like yeah okay I'm in a weird mood
so today we'll shoot like a fun
challenge you kind of video not for
myself actually which is a bit weird
because I don't get to win anything but
I get to help somebody in the public
have the opportunity to win a holiday so
that is what we're doing today we're
going to go and shoot Robina so let's go
you want to go let's go
jokes over got my bags yeah let me get
my drum for the stuff there we go no you
go also I said that there were two of
the youtubers going shall I tell you now
who's going should I not surely should i
no no I'm not gonna I'll show you when I
get there
thank you thanks so much have a nice day
oh my god that cap hey imagine if it
just fell now I feel sorry to blame I
feel I'm sorry the plane
I just wants to cuddle if you can
already tell with haze was one of the
people I'm here hi Darren
hey oh hey your phone as well Sam's here
as well
got some gloves from this little shop
here thank you very much 1 pound 1 pound
gloves like the cool people is here
they're shooting today basically guys
what is happening is that Ribena have
three new flavors out and they've been
sold in here now people are queuing up
to purchase them and if you open it and
you get a golden pineapple inside the
top of the lid then they're in the
chance to win a holiday and there's
gonna be three people that are in the
chance for that holiday one is going to
be with me today one is going to have
hazel and one is gonna be with Sam
they're to do a series of challenges and
then one of them wins a holiday so I'm
about to find out my person is once
they've won let's see
can I get patient chicken wrap and then
just there's some chips in there
lunchtime already it's kind of hard to
talk past 11:00 first everyone's having
their lunch I thought I'd show you
around so basically if you haven't
already gathered I'm with a woman we've
teamed up with Claire I can't remember
the name of Hazel's person I think
what's her name my Gothenburg and I also
got them by the name of Sam person but
that doesn't matter what you mean Claire
are gonna win and she is gonna win the
holiday guys were back from lunch now
and I think we're about to start the
first challenge which is this one here
will and Sam over there warming up and
stretching they're so keen have you and
your your contend even stretching Mia
glare haven't done anything we're just
laying there by year to see in what
happens the Sam's person is going first
Sam
Jack and you got this I've obviously got
this no you don't hello it's definitely
got it wait is your will will has not
got it Clara's brother no no no no no no
no no pressure Clare now you got this
this is it challenge number one for my
team we're gonna win
I don't know how she did because the
ball got in the way Hazel's talking
tactics should have on them this is too
serious I don't like this
you got nothing you guys been doing
stretches they were warming up a big
lineup and will sing for you yeah you're
doing good at the moment
after Hazel's team only got two
pineapples pays for things you can do
better but it doesn't count it's not
towards the competition but she says she
can do better so she's having a go
she looks worried no pressure
Sam's having to go what we doing for
challenge number two
awesome I'm jealous you get wait is it
metal wow it's quite strong isn't it are
you good at baseball where you got there
yeah okay we're gonna do this we got
this one you've got some serious filming
going down getting the shot lined up
looking nice pairing all of the fruit to
be hit we go
and the aftermath is crazy that was good
that was so you hit like more or less
all of them yeah tiny why wonder they
came flying Ozzy like we dodged that
Sam's team is up so you're gonna lose
bro I'm just getting it last thing I
gotta find Mike
oh yeah wait is he he's left-handed is
everyone watch out what you out
you see
Yeah right we all chill it outside oh
you play this right semies raining
clothes now
so all this of like outside the door
we always was a collie caravan challenge
to be set up challenge two number three
this is like a flip-flop running
challenge response of course
hazers team is up first
Oh
I honestly been cheated girls what
amici's luck he's so competitive guys
he's too competitive I think she did a
very good job you did a very good job my
team is up come on we got this we got
this
yes yes
yeah
Sam what's your team voice we have no
idea who did that the quickest or
anything so this could be anybody's game
we also don't know who won
challenge number two because challenge
number one would Cattell Charlie who do
best
number two we don't know and number
three we don't know anybody
all right hazel we didn't win didn't win
are you excited to go away and wait you
called into work earlier today in your
so you can just come because I had to be
knock now you just wanted to equal a day
good luck
ciao just got on my taxi I'm a London
Bridge if you can see the chard his
messages up there now it is time to you
about to Brighton just realize it's a
Friday night which means everyone leaves
work earlier and heads back so the
trains are going to be so blooming busy
but let's hope we get see
and I'm finally back home Zoey and I and
knowing you're watching as well we're
just watching how was puppy class
actually Zoey went to a puppy training
class but because I will shoot him with
a B now I couldn't go did it go get Nana
with the prize pop yeah they used her as
an example have to be you're a smart
little one aren't you we're just
watching some videos back of me and Zoey
Oh lovely free is look at my face get
the body part which has gone well I mean
six and a half million views and then
Rizzoli's shadow we did how well do we
know each other eight and a half million
views eight eight you know that's more
people in London we couldn't just do
round two young girls about eight
million people I just smell nah I'm
sorry
so basically what we're thinking is next
time we collapse well we did one on
yours maybe on my channel yeah but it
wasn't on yours so we want to know in
the comments down below comment down now
what videos you would like to see me and
Zoey doing together we've got one idea
should we tell them or not I don't think
so
no we've got an idea for Zoey's people
what thinking oh it's not the boyfriend
tag it's not the girlfriend tag they
think we're gonna do the reaction oh
yeah
you guys living for some reason today
everyone on tumblr is cannot say that
today for some reason we're gonna film a
reaction to our old zombie videos but
we're not also gonna say
is it pink yes there's a family portrait
this isn't comfy on me guys I'm gonna
end the video here
oh no this really that's my head if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
obviously being a today she's very clay
guys um
happy Valentine's if you haven't got
Valentine don't matter
trust me all we have to do now you have
about me like I'm lit she's so excited
for my present from Alfie he's like the
most romantic person guys I just can't
wait I just we agreed we weren't doing
Valentines
yeah hi we say in the vlog were nice but
we'll get another card
yeah I know I've got your god I've got
your God it's not tomorrow's like that
great bust again it's right ticket
that's not God
I've got Sonia lovely God definitely
have I do
I've got your God I'm waitin in it yeah
recently I can't speak my braces
actually saw earlier with a film and
obviously for Ribena so there will be
arrived being a video going up at some
point soon but I don't know exactly when
I'll let you know in another video when
it's going up and all the details of
that but I hope you enjoy today it was a
bit of fun it was cool just getting
invited down onto the shoes and just
having a bit of a different day with two
friends and now getting home to a sleepy
pup girl it'll tell you a really nice
day watch this yeah I bet a lovely day
oh if you haven't got a Valentine that
you spoiled your loved ones like your
family members and so about now oh
yourself eat loaded chocolate so bad we
did a big a sauce order if you enjoyed
the video give it a thumbs up I hope you
have another Valentine's Day
I'll see you tomorrow good night guys I
love you say goodnight say goodbye say
goodnight now to give them a kiss
she's like did the MCUs well that was
your nose in that guy's
