good morning guys it is actually the
morning it is half past eight and I'm
already making up cooking up some
pancakes for my bread first and then
I've also got whipped cream Milky Way
spread Milky Way spread and Nutella I
don't have any fruit not there some
strawberries on it and stuff right you
ready for the flip look how delicious
that pancake looks alright so I got two
pancakes all wrapped up and I've got
Nutella and whipped cream inside to buy
for them oh did you hear me say pancakes
is that what you're coming over here is
that what you heard they're not for you
you've all had your breakfast done I've
got a cup of tea and some ice cold water
this is like the most unhealthy
breakfast ever but I mean it's breakfast
and that's a step because I never ever
usually have breakfast what are you
doing down there
walked and walked and walk walk walk
turn walk time
doo doo doo doo meeee sometimes she's
super hard to walk guys right look she
just loves to do this and like pull me
along has anyone got any tips oh I can
use that will just help her walk like
next to me like this rather than ahead
of me and wanting to like walk me anyone
know anything let me know in the
comments let's make a bow to me I'm off
to London now hey you don't care about
me anymore
you just care about licking your paws is
that it okay bye bye
oh what a lovely arty shot water lovely
our video you know
I bumped into my friend Emma on the
train guys I don't know what she's about
to say to you but because she's an
ascender Smurfs we in the video it must
be like new Z mm wait how many mes five
years five years five times 365 I don't
do that well six years must be like over
2000 days yeah so sometime this year
it's gonna it mm oh my god mm this year
guys I'm just joking I'm really sorry
6:05 in my hotel go into my room never
seen this hotel before
why am I going oh when you put the wrong
key in in chips yeah I'm never saying
this hotel before seems pretty cool
pretty hip start this in Shoreditch
which is pretty damn hipster hundred if
you don't know what shortages here we go
here we go now check it out now here we
go here we go put the key in there yo go
oh that's nice tiles this is nice
Oh a little mirror very nice very nice
oh I'm liking that really liking that
grey down this is hipster isn't it I
warned you I pre warned you it's gonna
be hipster look at those sheets I just I
want them at home Zoey can we get sheets
like this look at that
this is blooming hips and this is just
look at that
now it's tumble to hanging right there
that's where that is all right I need a
way it starts to beat you in a minute
completely forgot to vlog guys it's
literally 10 minutes don't five minutes
to 1:00 in the morning I've just ordered
room service
I got a lovely glass of milk
which is actually delicious some people
don't like drinking milk I love drinking
cold milk I also got some pork and
cheese toastie I got some chips I got a
cute little tomato sauce a good little
mayo and a cute little brown sauce and I
also got three cookies to go with my
milk which is awesome because look what
they've done they've got like three
different kinds of cookies cookies and
milk whilst going to bed can't bloom and
beat Kenya and I'm watching YouTube
videos amazing alright guys I'm gonna
end the book here I'm just laying in bed
watching shows Minecraft videos catch it
up on them go check them out if you
haven't already I'm gonna go to sleep
now thank you so much for watching today
also the reason why I'm here in this
hotel completely oh you've got a
blooming exciting day tomorrow not going
to tell you what I'm doing super super
exciting day that is why I'm in a hotel
in London and not a home with Zoe and
Nala completely forgot I'm hanging out
to other youtubers that you guys all
know who they are and we do something
cool so get soaked tomorrow give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it I
will catch you on the flippity-flop good
oh I haven't said I'm all tucked up in
bed for a while guys I'm all tucked up
in bed okay goodnight I love you
