just made Zoey and I little fruit salad
each for breakfast I made you some
breakfast
get you in a bit
just before I start the work day at the
office I need to get my Butler and do
ooh
oh no I'm wearing the necklace last
smaller necklace things didn't go good
oh my god literally think I might just
not have my too far I think we might
have to stop the morning backflips
grapple it 180 more huh one-legged
running backflip problem no way can I
can I not land anything today today's
not the one oh good morning peeps good
morning how you doing
I hope you're having a lovely day
believe it or not I haven't even had a
coffee so far today and I'm this
energetic let's go with the lights up in
here on I spent all of yesterday sorting
out the top floor in this place because
it's not currently being used to its
full potential so this in here it's
going to be my office it looks like that
really not much to it but in my head
mentally I have ordered lots of new
things to arrive for here because I
don't even have a desk secure anymore as
you come through here this is the
storage room I've gradually been tied in
it let me try and whoo look at all of
this nice and and then just taking off
from there and below that is nice this
bits more or less nice that bits not and
then this room here is just like a
forest these are all the plants from the
pop-up shop that I need to even give to
people put some of them in the Attic
upstairs and need to put this big on the
easter video the beasts a video that's
what that is guys the big Easter video
that never ever went up so
that's my task today until 10:00 a.m.
and then at 10 a.m.
I've got you've got a meeting with
somebody Oh something else is exciting
is happening today so this part here I'm
getting glass doors put in today so that
this is like a soundproof meeting room
and then here you open a glass door if
you have no idea what I'm trying to
explain you'll see later on today
because they're getting fitted at I
think that 12-block I don't know anyways
but now I need to eat my fruit salad
drink my iced coffee and then get
cracking get cracking on the upstairs I
feel good I feel good today my even like
a couple of cheeky candles in here make
it smell good my brothers are making me
so lisping oh also I've got my haircut
last night it's still wet for my shower
this morning I haven't dried it I bought
over my wash bag with me to the office
so I can store my hair once it's dry I
just wanted to let it naturally do I you
know but so looks were also went shorts
I've don't know why I'm wearing shorts
today it's definitely it's definitely
not shorts weather I think that just
proves in itself how good of a mood I'm
in the fact that I'm wearing shorts on a
rubbish day Zoe's legit just text me
guys saying I'm gonna read it out do you
want Amy to wax your mono hahaha it
might be funny for your vlog but are you
joking
is it gonna hurt you Bert no I'm having
it done poppy and Zoe a currently next
door at the house getting their eyebrows
waxed or done or I don't even know plot
talked and they're saying do I want to
get my mono done hey I didn't I didn't
think I needed my mana dad what are you
trying to say
I hear apparently I need my mono done
this is news to me I don't know if
that's an insult or not
I've got a meeting in 12 minutes 14
minutes am I gonna have a red mark three
minutes until my meeting I didn't have
time to get my mono wax just now but the
woman I can't remember her name that's
the first time I met her she said that
if my meeting isn't too long which I
said it she's gonna be that half an hour
or something I might be able to I might
be able to pop back and get my get my
little mono waxed
Meechum finished time to get this mono
done there your things I'm not gonna
change them they do come down a little
bit come across a little bit further
than they should
but that's your things I'm not going to
change it this isn't gonna hurt oh I
didn't hurt at all
that's so much better than when you
pluck them and I cry for like he's here
you can do those if you keep your brows
raised for me I can do those under here
how you tell you what you're really
doing you can do whatever you want but
as long as it just doesn't make me look
like I've got like no I would do that
like okay yeah you do what you think
let's leave the wrong key bitch but then
you do what you think here in here yeah
yeah little clean up but just don't I
just don't wanna walk down the street
and someone be like yo he plucks his
eyebrows yeah I don't want someone said
although I'm currently filming that you
know I mean now see you can handle that
yeah I just want to start all over my
face
yo that one hurt didn't hurt you shocked
me yeah still pushing why I didn't think
I was gonna do this today then you use
up all the wax or my brows brows are all
done they are looking good just a little
bit more neat tonight heading back to
the office so far we've got one office
door on the office is looking sick it's
getting there just have two deliveries
turnout from Apple which I ordered last
night like it still blows my mind that I
order these product at half-past seven
last night and they're already here
today like that is just it's crazy it's
crazy that a company can have such a
quick such a quick turnaround
Magic Trackpad magic keyboard this is
the big boy down here
LG ultra fine five pay monitor this is
what I'm talking about
thanks so much
oh my god thank you
are you serious I'm so excited for Zoey
not to go to you all of that so that I
can eat some even though they came for
the work lunch today
the working day is officially over
it is half past six I've come up to grab
Zoey from her office which looks so good
like this come and see mine come and
never look I've been doing a phone for
the last couple of days
yeah is hot up here guys I feel like
sweating out up here as oh he's sorting
out some last-minute bits but over the
last couple of the days over the last
couple of the days but over the last
couple of days I am I've been sorting
out my office next door you know how
messy it's been previously and then and
I want to show Zoey what I've done and
also show you guys the doors that got
put on early because Ivan broke the door
since they've been done to get my keys
come on you coming it around yeah
someone's excited to go in gun then oh
my god she is no don't run into the
glass door no one else's oh no no no oh
my god no no this is look have a sniff
do you like the doors look at the hand
Oh gran
night-night yeah there you go it's cool
there isn't it like proper separates
they're coming in not into the glass
good girl
slaps like that if you come upstairs
it's quite dark
let me turn some lights on my little
office room yeah I've got my new monitor
I've managed to turn it on yet though
not that I haven't tried yet and just my
desk my Xbox Playstation all of that set
up this is my gaming Mac a little
pointers blog lights I love it the only
thing I haven't got yet in here well I
mean there's many things I haven't go in
here but the mainland that haven't got
yes we really wanted to buy the same
ones as downstairs but I struggling yeah
are you ready to go in the middle room
right let me turn the light on
have you seen the middle room that guy
never look in there there's a lot of
stuff that I can't film in here but I'm
probably had to blur around but it's
tight isn't it yeah and I have you
sought out filing system yeah
that's being done at the moment sort of
it um envelopes em blows look all of
this
I've got so much better now having my
own office space up here for me to work
in and obviously both the desk
downstairs are being used so I've been
working from the meeting table for the
last couple of weeks but now now I've
got my own space back in 2009 when I
started YouTube I did not think I would
have my own meeting room with proper
meeting on doors that's why I'm saying
that's it yeah I know it's bloody high
there is no yep we're getting them once
a week buy new flowers for the office
let's roll don't you love that I don't
like that the fact that yeah is dark at
half past 6:00 I don't like that give me
time should we get home now she's coming
no I don't like the fact that all this
rubbish here who's dropping rubbish on
my office garden I don't like the fact
that he gets dark so early
Missy hey hey hey hey
this is gonna sound stupid imagine how
much of a mesh it must be to be nada
but when we take her on a walk our steps
are the same as like 20 or less - her
little legs are like we've been
gradually lighting or the fires which
obviously we haven't had to do until now
and we lit this one the other day and
you have to light it for six hours when
it's new but the fumes could potentially
not that they oddly just couldn't be bad
for Percy
opening the windows a mood Percy but now
it's time to time to put him back come
on mate Oh you ever got the mirror put
on it looks so good doesn't it the
heaviest name I love that it's straight
because before is that slight angle
whereas now you actually look how you
look yes that makes sense it looks like
that looks like me before it didn't look
like me put it there when we were moving
it in and we bought a second hand from a
woman that was moving and just needed to
sell it yeah absolute bar again we did
up the lettering we'll put on ourselves
yeah lots of people ask me where that's
from how much to put my put my camera
down so I can hold it properly
catch you on the flip side select
pitch-black you probably can't oh there
we go you can see them a little bit I've
just ordered which may be a little bit
naughty bah I've ordered us a Nando's
and I'm driving to go it's a bloomin
long drive to go and pick it up but it's
ten past eight the last thing I want to
do you can't see me the very last thing
I feel like doing right now is cooking
and we also don't have much of it in the
fridge so it was either go to like Tesco
Sainsbury's or somewhere and go and buy
it on a food and then cook the food or
order and and O's and then it's already
cooked so so I went for the lazy option
and I'm off to go pick up an Anders a
here we go
this is what I'm talking about thanks
for the round of applause let's kind of
let you know when you land from a flight
and everyone like can congratulate the
pilot looks amazing you know when you
land on a flight yeah I don't know why
you know when you land on a flight and
everyone congratulates the pilot and
then you get some people they get
annoyed and they're like well it's just
doing his job when I do my job I don't
get congratulations I don't get a round
of applause guess what when I can and as
I get a round of applause they must have
run out of wrap things or maybe that is
the new wrap thing is our bottom still
being worked on so I can't put my walks
back in their yard to get plaid to
moisturize my face and everything in the
office today and they've taken this off
putting a new one on and had to rewire
all bits and basically can't use the
shower at the moment I think it's gonna
finish tomorrow
I didn't get to watch the rest of their
well the thing is with it is I haven't
really watched the other episodes i
watch i watch i dip in and out of the of
their of the things that zoe watches but
liar if you're not watching liar though
you should check it out because well
what I did see of it look my trousers
are falling down
look bloomin good these bold plates are
my favorite especially because I've got
right at the moment
well I say at the moment I just mean no
not at the moment just for dinner
peace oh this is my chicken for my salad
in a little pot I got a chicken I got
quinoa red chicken salad then I also got
some extra chicken thighs they got why
some people got no ketchup no I was
about to get catch em I thought of
course oh he's gonna have to catch up
what I need to do that I mean you saw
you in the fridge saying like it's back
in Nando's if you want it then yeah it's
definitely worth it I wish you could eat
human food but you can't because then
you'll get overweight
we don't want an overweight puggy then
you won't be healthy you know you always
laugh at how I eat look at my meal
I always put everything into individual
places on my plate so I've got my two
bushels of chicken my piece my rice and
my salad the name you see guys I hope
you enjoyed it if ya do it a thumbs up
subscribe if you're not already we're
gonna have a fun next couple of days
we've got mr. Joe so I'm coming to stay
with us and yeah I'll catch you tomorrow
subscribe if it already
thumbs up everything all the nice stuff
do the same thing for Zuri before we go
give them some Zoey wisdom its World
Mental Health Day Oh actually it's not
haven't talked I haven't spoken about
that in the vlog like is something so
I'm trying to get a good angle but my
NIC
his live right by your face just to know
that you're not alone and that everyone
will have something that they struggle
with when closed doors yeah everyone
even Lady Gaga even Beyonce even Kim
Kardashian even the Queen will have some
everybody has got their own thing their
own stuff that they're dealing with that
they're going through even if you don't
know even if your friends your family
seem like they are breezing through life
there is something that they're finding
difficult and there will always be
someone who will listen if you ever want
to talk I'm yet
be wary not just yourself and home for
how you feel but be worried that because
other people are going through their own
stuff that might affect them so if you
think oh why does that person not want
to do without that day or why does why
did my mom react like that do you know I
mean that could be because because their
stuff she's trying to do
yeah or sometimes I always think why was
that person at the checkout so rude then
I think there's a really tough time that
day they find it really really hard day
but I did write a really nice thing on
my Instagram which is a lot more
internet but on the screen now I mean
they're gonna pause it to watch it no I
stay up on the screen now I'm just gonna
leave up for a little bit so everyone
can take the time to read it a little
bit more in depth than what we're saying
now but basically you are not your
mental illness and you can live the life
you want to live not a life you feel
that you have to live that you've kind
of been left with all that you've been
stuck with because of your mental
illness because that's how I felt a
while back but now that I've been
working on it and I'm doing everything I
can to make that change I feel so much
better about it and about myself and I
feel more confident and even though I
have really hard days and sometimes I
just think
this is just too hard I'm never gonna be
able to do the things I I really want to
do I'm so happy that I'm on that like
journey to doing it basically my neck
when I said does you want to say
something before normally you say no
tonight was a powerful well I can't even
see wonder like right now am I know
you're not in shock
I'll do it she just me all right and on
that note I hope you having a lovely
evening a lovely day go tell somebody
that you love them go show somebody that
you love them and I'll catch you in the
morning good night guys goodbye
