good morning guys it is not the morning
but I have an excuse because I'm
jet-lagged as hell it is currently
quarter past five in the evening I
haven't had lunch yet but it's fine
because I'm jet-lagged I woke up at half
past one and I've just been sorting out
gaming videos all day I bought this
yesterday as you saw at the airport of
Casper and what we're not just noodles
which bird wait for it
I bought all of this stuff here to make
a stir-fry so that is where I'm gonna
make grab now for my lunch Oh got some
little sandwiches I could have they look
tasty
nada how you doing the good one you get
are you good are you good baby are you
good
you just had your dinner didn't ya you
just finished all your dinner cooking
match again get to Ken and Meister fine
is basically done we've got a load of
badge hello the noodles and a heavy load
of chicken this is such a good lunch
look at that I mean it might be a little
bit too much just for me
I'll check herbs or you want something
yeah this looks good
give another one to do some jogging just
jog back let's go did you have fun did
you did you have fun one right we're
back from the walk now guys I put that
stir-fry up a couple of hours of
governing I'm still hungry
I'm hungry again I guess them because
that was my lunch and having a dinner
yet when we're walking down the road I
remembered that like ten minutes away in
the other direction there's a fish and
chip shop and I really really feel like
a sad boy and some mushy peas and curry
sauce oh my good coat the sauce is hard
to save my braces and sauce I'm still
getting used to them so I think I'm
going to knit back out now quickly
because I didn't have my wallet on me
before I'm gonna quickly go grab some
fish and chips I can't even begin to
explain how excited am a this look how
much I got just for myself I am gonna
enjoy this got chips saveloy sausage
fish cake mushy peas and of course curry
sauce
oh my gosh then this is the first time
I'm ever gonna have fish and chips
without having tomato ketchup just no
not this isn't for you that's not your
dinner you body add your dinner I think
I might just strap have a with them to
go sleeping eyelids after her walk guys
he's little one she look so like silky
and smooth
she's like shiny alright guys it's time
for me to get it back now just go
upstairs to find this sleepy one you're
gonna have to come down to your bed now
okay no no come on you watching skinny
jellies you can't sleep up here I wish
you could but you can't
you've got your own little bit
downstairs come on come on alright guys
my name ID up now just going to bed
sorry that says flock was quite short by
that you woke up a lunchtime because I
was so jealous
so I just fucked everything I could but
it wasn't very long I try made tomatoes
a lot better for you thank you so much
watching today if you enjoyed it give it
a big ol thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow
good night guys I love you
