good morning guys it is the last notes
not even the last day of rule is
technically the last day of us being in
America but playlist is over now and I
just wanna say thank you so much man no
no there's some letters are nearly left
here from you guys oh and a little note
there I can't leave that I've taken
everything I put in my suitcase I've
already packed both of my suitcases yeah
I suppose say thank you so much
everybody the game is absolutely
unbelievable people flew from like
Australia like there's no important name
in countries because everyone the world
come to see us and it means so much we
really really really appreciate it so
thank you for everything and queuing up
and also adjust but these are in a
minute ago after breakfast so I'm a
little bit like I can't speak properly
but everyone else is downstairs we might
check out on our WA at this hour and 27
minutes ago we're probably gonna have to
pay for like an extra hour or something
damn it
because I wanted to stay in bed meat
pancakes that's why I wasn't there oh
yes somebody sleep
I know eating pancakes pancakes me woke
up what was I gonna say oh yeah somebody
at there at my meetup yesterday gave me
a day's Hatter I'm good on it's
literally in there and then gave me to
give Zoe sugg hat I'm wearing it says
I've used wearing it now and mines in my
suitcase don't worry I just didn't want
to wear it right now because if we both
worry that would be a little bit strange
right I'm super sad I didn't get to meet
you but I hope you feel better I love
you so much say hi to her for me she's
super cute don't worry Jim was nice in
the Hangout haha I love you so much
that's sweet Zoe basically did like a
seven virgilian Gillian our meter and
then got super super anxious afterwards
when she had like a hundred people left
to me so couldn't make the last bet so
Jim and Jonathan's gonna Jolie took over
but we need to get going downstairs
because we're running late but hey you
feel okay
is it really heavy
you're gonna have to pay gazillion
pounds but I think we have a gazillion
pounds to pay so you might want to take
some stuff out you can't take any well I
don't have a gazillion pounds what we
gonna do yeah but I don't have a
gazillion pounds to pay for extra
luggage you're so good this is like a
little like bigger bigger bigger I hold
them in little letters a sec oh my gosh
literally you could have warned me we
did for me bet ya know you shouldn't
have to pay too much that with the two
of us yeah mine could be a lot less Yeah
right we need to get going oh yeah oh no
I left my sleeping care and I left my
shaving kit yeah oh we left the toilet I
wanted that I thought we good keep air
anything else anything in my little bag
there hello no anything in here the last
time we're gonna see this view guys and
I didn't even get to play golf
I mean look at this do you want this
you're gonna take the coin where did it
go he's behind your ear all right
I saw that basic gun yeah behind you
behind you
we've got three hours until our flight
I think about two now because I'm so
late everybody's down by the pool and I
swim in and in the hot tub and/or
jacuzzi I don't even what's the
difference in a hot tub and a Jacuzzi I
don't know
anyways I forgot my chunks left okay
which is really really good so hey so
I'm now gonna try and boys on from here
hopefully apparently they sell them in
the lobby so that's the aim got three
options this run some blue ones but I
think I'm gonna go purple ones let's go
in skin skin can you get skin color I
don't go on your slides in the hot tub
so I need to go and put these on get my
butt in the hot tub I think Jonathan
Jonathan you coming in
yeah but obviously I can't film in there
because look it's suddenly stone you
can't really see it's raining so much
like can you see that I don't know it's
absolutely chucking it down with rain so
I can't take my camera it's obvious
it'll break so I'm gonna go get knocked
up and I'll see you in a bit we're
departing with these three now goodbye
goodbye safe flight back guys
goodbye buddy
look at these melty
in Sanford Jimbo's over there Casper's
buildings right now for about seven and
a half hours
just get the whole that eight hours I've
just shut the whole life this is to me
literally just been sleeping the whole
time oh my gosh I'm so hot and so
women toil I'm so long look
nearly that aha okay my name is clay
it's a bit weird but we left on Monday
at 3 o'clock lunch time but when we land
because you've been flying for eight
hours and the time tom difference is
five hours behind in Florida he goes
ahead so now I'm last Tuesday morning so
technically I should be doing another
daily blog when I wake up I'm just gonna
keep it all in one
this couldn't be any more different from
Orlando's earth or this is literally
like empty and we're all through customs
it took like it was even a queue I
delete you instruct possible thing went
through this is crazy guys we're home
man look how clean it is it's so tidy
and clean I'm so glad we didn't even a
mess I'm so glad I'm literally so tired
even though we slept for like seven
hours on the plane I still don't feel
like refreshed
I still feel tired can I go and have a
nap Zoe can we go get into bed I'm gonna
go to bed guys and have a quick now and
then we did just have to grab a key off
of oh yeah I forgot our mirror I like on
me right yeah we just had to grab a key
off of my parents because we realized
that we left our house key with my
parents because they were house-sitting
and looking off the house and looking
after Nile for us and people feeding
guinea pigs yeah but we are gonna go and
get Nala before 2 o'clock oh my gosh
it's only 9:00 a.m. 9:00 a.m. and with
that comb this was so good right I need
my mobile I need my braces and then
let's go back to bed I'm so forward to
getting into bed like so there's nothing
like your own bed Hey ah my gosh today
has been long guys but it's been good
that was an awesome trip as I was saying
we're gonna go and get gnarly before 2
o'clock at some point we just popped it
now but we didn't want to see us because
she'll get excited but I'm I can't wait
to see her and give her a cuddle and
take her to walking
I hope sorry I hope she hasn't grown too
much in the last like four days I hope
she hasn't grown
hopefully not right I'm gonna go to
sleep guys I'll catch you in a little
bit kind of just had a five-hour nap
guys and I still feel more tired than
ever
I slept seven hours on the plane five
hours when I got home so chef twelve
hours and it's currently wait what's the
time four o'clock there are three
minutes to 4:00 in the afternoon and
I've just woken up from a 12-hour sleep
more or less this is not gonna go down
good tonight but right now we're off to
go pick up Nala right let's see if she
recognizes our skies no less back now
with us guys I've just edited and
uploaded a daily vlog but she's having a
little cuddle in bed aren't you because
she's a sleepy little one did you miss
her oh hey did you have a nice time with
my mummy and Buzz did you see them sleep
we taking a little walk earlier didn't
we lay down gonna get you laid down I
love ya that's my favorite yeah yeah
he's not Jesus anymore hands
alright guys I'm gonna end the vlog here
I am uploading the videos from playlist
live including this ones if you did miss
any of my America vlogs that we links
down below to them or just check them
out you guys know where they are they're
all going to be really really good they
turn up a little bit late I will see you
tomorrow with another vlog we're going
back to normal
you still licking yourself that's my
favorite bears I play with her little
hands right I'll see you tomorrow - good
night give the video a thumbs if you
enjoy that you didn't I loved it you're
such a weirdo go get in the bath right
you know guys would love you look there
let's go around look at you are you
having a cuddle she's so tired Oh
you
