good morning guys how you doing now
you're doing now you go ahead
today is plays number three our hotel
room is getting gradually and gradually
more messy and yeah last night finished
up with a party which was pretty coarse
I mean the party was so big and there
was so many people there I couldn't
really enjoy it too much because there
was literally like one big room with
like 700 people in there was you
couldn't even speak to anybody because
it was so loud and my braces were
playing up start to keep on taking them
in and out every time I had a drink
because obviously I can't doing stuff
like lemonade cuz I was drinking over
here books numb 21 so I had like two or
three vodka lemonade's so every time I
had to drink that wasn't water
I took my braces out in the middle of
the partying block put them in the
packet have the drink and then be like
turn around and like put my braces back
in I know it was good it was good I got
to bed at half-past four but it is now
half past 10:00 in the morning and I'm
about to go for breakfast with che not
sure who else I think maybe Niki and
Sammy but I don't know I don't know
chase organised that side I just I'm
going to meet him I'm just I'm feeling
really good the only issue is that Zoe I
don't know where she put all my dollars
she said they were in her bad but she's
left to go to her Meetup
and she's probably got her bags so I
might not have any money this guy here
he's the one 23 hours looking after
us
you're crazy in that later on in the day
I'm gonna come up and you're gonna be
asleep on the floor over there
you're crazy 23 hours
literally feel like I've just eaten I
don't even know and now we're off to the
green room I'm just gonna I wanna have a
look around see what the people that
aren't YouTube's here get to experience
so we're gonna try and go an expo hall
and just see what's going on we are
about to do a QA why say wait just me
I've lit two got a QA imagine I imagine
if there's like six people guys look how
many people came to our Q&A just these
two go Louise Carl Maddie got Maddie can
you fought well yes you can
Maddie's the crew member guys she's
serious because we found a kind of
skateboard thing oh wait I meant to be
on instead of skateboarding oh my god
over yeah my first well I didn't tell
you my friends I made video strikes six
months and I was at the cinema and
there's six of us and three boys came up
and then oh my god we love your videos
can we pictures you know my friends like
what
good luck mr. chase me sure door for
four for me Louise over a fire door door
for four that I know he's gets around
that's their chauffeur driver I have
just been chilling backstage for a while
and we are now me and Jim are gonna
crash the Zoe's meet up because she's
been doing it since 10:00 a.m. and it is
contrary Hey
it's currently dry what is the town it's
kind of quarter past four and she's been
doing it since 10:00 a.m. so like six
hours 15 minutes and she's got three
tables left think that's three that's
four three and we're gonna go to an inn
and meet with those people
are you excited why are you swearing at
my camera that's not nice River you're
too innocent to be bad Illini only on
camera I can't my cameras off
why am I telling you you are not lucky
guy it's definitely not lucky so it's
just an eight-hour meet-up and now the
glamorous sitting on the floor eating
pizza no it's not your eyes look so blue
right now what the hell they look crazy
this is how youtubers have fun on their
breaks
right now okay go game now we've got a
challenge do you work out
yeah let's do some squat ten squats the
zoella squat challenge one more Jonathan
is never ever watch Harry Potter for
guys so I asked him to name the people
in the film Simon Simon you got there
nobody knows Harry Hermione or dimple
door right Jonathan what the different
houses that you can get put into in
Harry Potter you know they they all go
to Hogwarts they grab 17 on don't they
and then they have like different house
their hats kind of there have each
different color that uniforms in school
okay what were the different groups of
like - door Gryffindor the green one
where
yeah well the other three right I'm all
changed and button I'm liking to be cold
when just this so look at a vest on on
today I've got the biggest Oh sir
another oiler her song that there's a
little bit oh I've is line here jaggedy
that is just cutting and cutting it and
cutting it all right look at this right
here guys all of this it's upside down
yeah all he's going on there boy you're
going on that road what are you home
free
I never going on this
there we go you miss yeah you coming on
that question white areas there he is
look at him go
boys got oh no say yes to the camera yes
we're going on there you come in yes you
are come on Joe come on you gotta come
on I'm scared as well hello-o
what's very intimate next to Diagon
Alley no way
this is unbelievable this is the best
experience I've ever had
oh my god
in fact you're going fast by yourself no
putting ice be roller coaster no it's
more than experience Jonathan no you're
coming on and there's no here no I don't
wrap in you
Wow I don't know if it's bad or not that
we're forcing Jonathan to come on here
look at these two excitable children Oh
shake look at that oh man no way look at
that this is the sickest thing well that
guy smashes doesn't
I know you're proud of me I've made him
get on a ride Oh guys I'm not allowed to
film I'll update you after that was
honestly just sickness ride I've ever
been on in my life how was that bro yeah
it wasn't scary I mean it was passed to
the white door I've been fighting I
thought it was magic Alfie magic look
like you're joking about this
interesting it was the Beatles were like
nothing I've ever experienced on my life
like that was insane
did you put yourself yeah it just led
forward and I was like oh I really feel
back now for making Jonathan take on
with this and I was like that's good as
if you saw or maybe what are you going
through that one night at the gorgeous
we are back
oh my god
it's our time we had not awkward sex
perhaps
this is a rollercoaster Jonathan be
scared hey guys good luck oh yeah
chocolate folks have you got any
chocolate frogs Thanks
nominally and Watson is literally just
yeah
oh wait creatures
we're on the way back now to London in
London I hope you know you can't anymore
Dementors I really hope we don't -
Joseph I mean I would be implement ice
bed with the dead no see they then
goodbye where's mine
I am so excited for this ride guys we're
going on that big one with the loop I am
scared I've been on it before I went on
it with Tyler video like this for
Jessica
now we're getting ready for the next
slide which is the mummy I've been on
this from before with Twila Jonathan how
exciting
go on oh my gosh that lost no the fish
the beet one that we went on was sick
let's so so good
of annuities trouble
next time
go on put the groom of the last
Wow guys that was insane they're so so
cool
I just fell asleep about 12 million
times on that coat from the back so I'm
gonna end the book here if you enjoyed
today give the video a thumbs up oh my
gosh I'm so tired I can't even describe
I said tomorrow
