good morning guys it is day two in
Florida
chase come over chase in America as well
that's so like last time we were
together in Brighton like 48 hours ago I
was at yoga in America we just got
breakfast now and it looks awesome
zombies been up since 4:00 a.m. she woke
me up before him like guys I'm just
gonna guys not guys so I woke up in Oz I
so he were you doing I thought it's the
morning so I'm just gonna go see Louise
it's 4:00 a.m. as you do wait had Louise
got to sleep boys she's still party so
you'd slept and woken up and she lives
yeah but that's so funny why our
breakfast have just arrived and in
typical American saw these things they
need to do these in the UK black potato
things that's right
yeah but they don't do it like that new
guy they're good right we are off I
don't even know if I saw at the vlog
today if I haven't good morning guys but
I'm pretty sure I don't even know
basically it's been you oh no I haven't
eaten breakfast me and Maddie
I just often now to go to my first panel
which is owe me money oh just to go to
the what occurred smoke rising and
successful YouTube why don't wear my
braces I might take more in case unless
I can't speak properly but yeah I'm not
actually on the list
I think they printed it before like the
official book thing before I go in there
so I don't know if anyone knows I'm
gonna be there or not
so there could be nobody who knows why
I'm there that would mark why today but
yeah I'm excited
and private previously finished up my
panel which was actually really really
good and it Jamie this time Maddie it
actually seemed that people were in the
room not because they wanted to like see
the youtubers but because they were
interested a lot more than usual
I mean Casper was it last year Haley so
the year before they're dependent on
like how to become youtuber kind of
thing and just gave us some tips and
advice that we think worked for us and
we let you walk to the room there was
two people there that had YouTube
channels everyone else just wanted to
see us this year and I just did that
panel just then I didn't announce that I
was doing it and I just turned up like
the people organized they knew that I
was doing at but the people who were
coming to watch it didn't know I was
going to do it so it was like full of
people that just genuinely wanted to
know about how to run a YouTube channel
tips advice and things like that so it's
really really nice anyways get some food
now they've got this food truck here
which is the best idea ever and I've
just ordered if you can see wait for it
chicken Philly which you have no idea
what that is some sort of right chickens
sliced I heard what I do know guys check
out this view I want to play golf so bad
we are now off to my meet and greet just
finished having some lunch and stuff and
chillin I've got six our meet and greet
right now I just wanted to be as long as
possible they said two hours not enough
a blonde player I want to meet as many
human as I can Maddie's laughing buddies
I don't get this I've known six hours
I'm in the middle of my meter look who
bumped into me look who came can say
like Australia Thomson how do you dream
you're lucky you didn't have to queue up
man yeah couple hours
they're both leaving tonight and like
seven o'clock so they've got color of
hours and I was like come come to my
meet and greet I'll take five minutes
off and come and see you
we had a good time can i you're a model
now man it's a model stroke this is
Louie his meetup boy get doing your meet
up man that lazy sons of Louie's life
man
large bass with my meet up how you doing
I love your heart thank you so much
waiting for so long
alright guys so I finished my meet up as
he saw met 400 of you was it four
hundred and four hours Marcus is here
now or you you normally eat that bit you
gonna eat that or you're not even that
health that you don't even eat the store
eat that now go on
Marcus used to always be like yeah he'd
sit on a train and then I'll be like
where's Apple would be like what I have
that no pagers okay the one is Kiwi I
got marks into eating there the skin of
a Kiwi so it's like anyways this has got
off to a big baby I've got another meet
up after the one that I just did right
now back-to-back cloning to me as many
views I could as I said and there's made
to be 100 more people come in the room
and there's 500 people more now in the
room so it's going to take like five six
hours and obviously we don't have that
time because it's already like 7 o'clock
so now I'm trying to persuade Marcus to
join me and freestyle something with the
audience boy I've got a sick idea being
serious just I won't turn out I won't
turn out I'm not gonna turn up we're
just gonna have Margaret yeah you do
that and you just be my fight man so
when I'm not speaking to are your yeah
oh yeah are you ready you just keep them
height seriously about your so comment
you're coming with me
you know you'll come down at the
beginning surprise guest Marquis buffer
on the drag
no they're not oh my god my teeth my
races are like the most soft thing in my
mouth ever it feels like I'm chewing on
sandpaper marque but back on the track
three mix they don't even know people to
know go marks is gonna have a milk dad
for the first time no they're gonna
eight to eight minutes are they good
the reason a guy's all of the meet up
and everything is finished and I've just
dropped off all the presents which
mainly consisted of American candy which
is the best thing ever offered the hotel
room and now I just won't of really to
go down because I think all of the Brit
lot are going to be going to get some
foods my braces are hurting so like
they're making me go OSes comment down
below if you haven't had the busy line
not non braces invisalign did it make
you have ulcers like the ages economist
for the edges of them are really Robin
and its really so I need to get some
type on gel or something I know it's in
here without a one man body you're not
look people still be able to hear me
wait for the doors to close wait for it
wait word oh yeah
so out for dinner now guys and we have
come to Dom's hotel he spend another
hotel nearby
it's like indoor palm trees and stuff
what is this this is also like an
ecosystem inside steak has arrived guys
look how delicious this looks guys we
just finished up dinner and Donna shown
us look at these alligators like real
alligators and purple and the turtles
oh yeah in the hotel that's it
you
