good morning guys do I sound or do I
look different when I say sir yes
basically look what I got today I don't
know if you can see wait can you put it
on so they can see them okay I might
have to zoom there you go you can be say
yeah yeah
good bye Nala bye bye she's so sleepy
guys have fun we'll see you Monday
yeah she's right back in here bars
he's got my two puzzles over there look
I'm gonna zoom in looks like he's
smoking a cigar do we bid our farewells
to Nala and she has been left in the
capable hands of my parents with buzz as
well her brother and now we're off to
collect his or his bank card because the
of the day when we went there today
blaming it on my braces the other day
when we went there we arrived at 5:03
and they were all sorry we stopped
giving out new like new cards at 5
o'clock so I was like just guys three
minutes thanks uncle it's now got to go
back pick up today before we go to
America tomorrow and then we've also
just ordered a vine off and ordered a
zzs to take away so we're going to I
picked up as well we've got a zzs guys
by now this is breaking everything I can
do easily been healthy guys we got four
cupcakes I mean had to do I got one
chocolate orange and one red velvet Zoe
got a chocolate orange and a banoffee
guys is snowing I don't know if you can
see it but it is it's officially snowing
oh my gosh guys look how much it's
snowing look at there go down look
oh my goodness grow is progress no N
good morning guys
I am currently in the airport and I've
actually added in yesterday's video into
this ROM because I barely found anything
yesterday so got my little Invisalign
things in and the customers are just
chillin got our food all chipped in and
everything
you ready prepare list yes I'm so
excited and the others all downstairs
and right in the toilet and get dressed
my apologies I enjoy the trees we've
just got the most litter like a weekly
shops wrapper prep to last us on the
plane well often the plane now guys and
here she is there she is there's our
plane guys look at that we're on our way
guys the plane is about to take off
you excited you read in your little menu
the lunch menu opportunity
that will I prove it
I'm the judge now guys
asleep boy less the whole time box is
still playing craft I would still play
my god have just caused it to get to
Prague
I've let you
I was or something ridiculous on idea
all I know is that you're watching
Marcus play now so we just walk through
security guys and we're doing a selfie
line where we're walking down the line
taking so this is one of the main things
I love about America how big their cars
on are we just got car picking us up to
take us to the hotel and look at the
size of it
right guys we have just arrived in our
hotel them and it is sick but I'm going
to give a little tour over here we have
a mirror here we have a little mini bar
on a mirror here we have the world's
biggest cupboards ever for the storage
and everything another over here we have
a whole nother room which is just like a
chilled out room with so far tele
little desk to do some editing on a
fridge and we go through here bathroom
with two sinks oh hey Golu toilet and a
shower and a bath thing Americans why
you're both so low ibasta like this high
I don't know anyways and then through
here this goes through into the bedroom
we have a big wardrobe with one jacket
of mine in it and then we have a little
chest drawers with my boxers and all my
clothes and everything they have a
massive look how big our bed is is
gigantic and a TV and a little is I call
there's long shoes or something I don't
even know something like that then out
here if I can open it oh we have the
world's biggest balcony going over into
that like front row me bet and all of
this is of you let me quickly show you
turn to the done did I don't doctor
this hotel is sick I mean it's
definitely not like a maze or anything
it didn't take us like 20 minutes to
find our room but we are here my braces
guys I mean they're good like they're
not too noticeable which is good like
you don't really notice them and I've
got them in now but they're making me
speak a bit funny now because they're
really a thing like my teeth just feel
please see them my teeth just feel
constant like someone just squeezed
another person than what they are it's
pushing them into another shape but wow
they ache and then when I take that X
I've set my swatch wash to eat and drink
and I take that what to eat and because
my teeth have been pushed so much when I
bite into food it hurts so bad
look easy guys
how you doing you've been over here for
a while now by let's walk into it even
though here for a while haven't you yes
we are in whole food fighters right guys
right guys right guys
right guys guys middlemen Whole Foods
which is do a market favorite place
although I have done I do ducked and
we're going to get food fast and then
we'll come and shop or fresh juice I
can't even drink juice because am I
forgetting bloated right let's go we go
get food box to turn 80 in protein shots
a day I know that's why Joe's
