good morning guys I have not had
breakfast yet so that's what I'm gonna
do in a second but look how cute
Nala is being today yesterday you being
naughty weren't you and now today you've
been Oh cute it's no good at Missouri
yeah but you got really annoyed because
she wouldn't snuggle up with you yeah
because I was laying on the sofa and I
brought over up onto the sofa like she
doesn't come up by herself we have to
bring her up like I don't know that's
just what we chose to do when we're
training her and so she sat on my feet
and I gave that mean she was coughing
this over so I brought her up lay her
down on me and then she wouldn't lay
down still it I think it's because I
like to play with her too much like I
love to stroke ahead and ruffle her and
kiss her and I don't know no no I don't
what you ain't you're like good you know
you said you asleep last night well you
probably won't even see I was on my
laptop I always get into bed it like
quite early like half 11 12 then you're
just going
I know I'll just say my lap door - half
- then you turn money went why don't you
sleep at night
no wonder you can't wake up in the
morning Alfie and then turn back and
went to sleep
yeah gets the morning oh I can't are for
my eyes yeah that's because you watch
stuff online until like this hard girl
from YouTube you know it's hard
wait what did I say you're making your
brain read I know I know and then I
watch videos like Louise videos are day
vlogs news I don't dare let all that
lively like I'm right I wanna watch this
at 3 a.m. I like the other day that
Alfie does this thing right so I get to
bed earlier than healthy so I go up and
I get into bed again go to sleep for my
artist is nice fall asleep ah he comes
up three hours later Oh Jess gorgeous
turns lights on gorgeous it's time for
Matt come on bed time Chrissy come on
come on I'm like what do you think I
like I've been asleep for two hours I
always go to bed I'm like it's because
I'm watching YouTube videos I'm playing
Minecraft and stuff and I'm so lively in
am i right
it's time to go to bed I woke up and
then I turn on the light over 600 and
you pitch black and then I might say
it's time for bed and then I'm like ah I
just want you up when I was in bed I
wasn't you in bed asleep like three
hours
typed it time to sleep our might yeah
yeah I know it was time three hours ago
wait what did I say this morning you
were like those those toothbrushes are
really good and I went whose
toothbrushes new n-no I know what and
you're like the brushes and I was like
who's brushes and you are like the metal
ones and I was like I guess fun-stopper
Nick are you could brush it
yeah maybe I dunno I don't know you were
talking you sleep a lot this morning
it's probably because you were trying to
wake me up for ages in our lives
wirelessly yeah oh I was like you said
alarm you like yeah half eight okay so I
sat awake and is a log went off you
turned on I don't even turn it off you
turned up I don't nu n I only half an
hour to go I went what and you only have
to have to go until 8:30 until my alarm
goes off when it just went off and
you're like oh I'm just weird when I
sleep guys bye I'm gonna go yeah magic
if we like magic we were just chatting
and then I was probably oh I'm so tired
when I wake up we've just been talking
all night we both in the sleep
ya know because you know that no no
because there were yeah there are those
apps you know the apps where own record
site noise isn't up if you're speaking
in your sleep in your sleep movie I
would never use on because if I had that
app one and then I heard like a I'm
Medicare in the middle of the night when
I was listening to imagine I would never
sleep again what would you think is what
II never know demon guinea pig demon
you should lick one sleepy head we are
in town time for some shopping I'm
joking
oh and not even going shop in Thornton I
stopped in for a second
tricked myself and we are going off to
the blind to do some shopping for some
book videos because I said they've got a
couple more left to film all the hiccups
and then Zuri has got to go to the bank
for a meeting and also want to get some
food cuz I'm not lunch yet
oh my gosh look how dead it is there's
no one here
this is Churchill Square Brighton
shopping center and there's no one here
what is going on just came into
something it's myth to grab a newspaper
there Zoey's in today which is really
cool and we're just walking past this
look at that time just chillin should we
buy it cuz I actually haven't got a copy
have you got a copy I also I bought this
for Marcus for Christmas but it's sick
so I wonder if I want to bite myself my
mom said to me that day oh I just can't
already half way crazy trying to get all
the sales I am
my mummy the other days I yeah she said
I went into a book shop and I saw that
there was a Minecraft but there's
overtaken you Alfie in the jars
I said don't why mum it's a bloomin good
book and I've already bought Marcus
coffee for Christmas I'm gonna get one
myself everyone my boyfriend's on this
magazine let me see let me see
oh my gosh is look at this look at their
crazy cream cheese
how is greasy cringes all the way out
baby one of my magazine
look at that chili next to hurry and a
guy really glad they don't do this to me
mini eggs they're literally my favorite
I'm trying to be healthy chips of mini
eggs and I got everything that I needed
to get in town imagine being one of
those people cause she's so cute look at
Hey I'm so weird
um we are now off off on our way I know
I do
either pound coin look at that get in go
on
yeah yes thank you very much I was
explaining why I'm here guys
basically I'm doing a video on the mums
are view Channel you guys know the
channel right now do a video on there
hang a today we're just all so slightly
looking trying to trying to guide my
trolley the right way yeah I'm doing a
video on the moms eye Beauty pancake
then it's going to be super super fun
I'm even going to film it tonight or
tomorrow so it will be up around Pancake
Day kind of time so I'll leave a link
down below to the moms a new channel go
check it out those subscribe to the
stuff the video will be up soon so now
obviously need to buy the blue mini
ingredients don't die
look even as the ship's a few guys I
just get too caught up in things like I
want I want to buy everything in the
kids section now Oh John Cena there he
is there he is Joella there he is right
let's seriously find that this stuff
guys we've got a list on my phone before
I need to get send me skim milk four
pints some happy eggs nice and happy
let's get them have to get some squirty
cream light original extra thick
definitely extra thick flavor today bomb
not new chocolate mousse
well then that would be so good for hot
chocolate get some golden syrup I've
been here
Oh squirty as well that's so much better
because whenever I use this I get it all
over my hands and then what flower do
you look down girls singing flower 1.25
kilograms here we go that's the one oh
that's lucky your head over there we got
a plain flour I'm going to find ya boom
but you know I'm trying to be healthy
but those buns are so good
Zoey how bad a hot cross buns for you
are they really bad I really really want
to get these they look amazing new cream
egg biscuit see this is what I can't
come shopping guys I need to go
somewhere right there needs to be a new
supermarket open if anyone has an
incredible amount of money open up a new
supermarket I'll be your first customer
only healthy food no bad Peter now we're
looking at pizzas don't do this to me
right Nutella on the top of the pancakes
here we go 400 grams that is fine dad
says it here oh yeah but I kind of want
to go for this one
yeah nope oh my gosh
last item guys that's the one pancakes
on the way it does doesn't it
alright guys I'm all tucked up in bed
now I totally remember the last time I
filmed I think it was when I was an Asda
but I'm not too sure anyways the reason
why I went to after if you didn't
already know if I didn't make it clear
earlier because I was just shopping or
buying ten trillion things I'm basically
doing a pancake video for pancake day
really not from pancake day I'm doing a
video for pancake day and I'm doing it
on the mums I've YouTube channel you
guys know we've all done videos over
there before and it's really really fun
that I did one with my mum when they
didn't know we made toffee apples
anyways oh shut up
FaceTime doing video ver there so I'll
leave the link down below go check them
out do those and nice stuff and I think
I'm pretty sure like 99% sure they're
also doing a Facebook competition which
is going to be cool so I'll just stay
with me on that one I'll let you know
what happens I'm going to go to sleep
now so thank you so much for watching
today if you enjoyed it Guga thumbs up
rule Google one of them now I'm in a
weird mood in a really weird mood I've
got so much to do tomorrow like so so
much to do tomorrow and I've got edit
this vlog on top of that it's realised
okay I'm gonna get it now so I can wake
up super early tomorrow I'm going to set
my alarm for like 7:30 I'll see you
tomorrow
good night guys love you
