hello or guys today's video isn't going
to be a daily vlog unfortunate to say
basically I've been up since 8:15 it's
currently 3:15 in the afternoon all I've
been doing is this editing and editing
and editing so instead of uploading a
boring daily vlog for you of me
literally just laying in bed editing 10
freely in different videos because I've
got a heck load of book videos to edit
for tomorrow I've got my big meeting my
last ever meeting for book - I've got
upload this mention of video tonight
I've got upload a daily vlog today
basically I'm literally and spend all
day editing so I thought instead of
boring you with a boring daily vlog I
thought I'd give you the outtakes to
yesterday's main channel video which was
with Joella there are so many funny
outtakes because Joe is just so funny so
if you haven't seen the main channel
video already then click here now got
body pants well this is hey it's a nice
night three boats or not and if you have
already then I hope you enjoy these
outtakes
thank you so much for watching today
don't forget to give the video a thumbs
up as well guys before ends I will see
you tomorrow with a normal daily vlog I
love you goodbye no wait not good bye
enjoy the outtakes
hey Zoe are you really sorry so where's
my hair alright you've got a bit too
much air on your head so you play abuse
on that song yet today I don't know how
I got using that today buddy Sarah
placement do the type of thing that
girls do where they put it slightly
above their lips to make them look
bigger so you think so there we go
I might as well be be Joella so ha ha I
could just do it Joella action name
would be your name
Joella he's done Oh might as well
already happen now but hey mamas savages
Joe probably got to like a checkpoint
and then you carried on happy where he
died oh I like six roads in one God
cheese
no not cheese bronzer Fanta that was
good banner I'm going very over-the-top
live order except mixer you know that
licks tip we will not don't get right in
the Greenwich the crappy zombies Bangla
unless you do I want the bronzer next
somewhat if you lose that is good as
your chief what I'm really good only get
rid of that on focus on me my brother no
don't like I kind of find it in the rock
well you just look good like no joints
may I don't you fancy a bit off this
I've sweat secretly a plot to make you
look even better and me to look awful
you think that look good look I'm good
you like this looks good
you should go into shit I wish I could
grab a bar as well be quite cool with it
wait do is you can grab it so it - no
but yeah I wish I could grab it thank
you yeah i think i think after could see
you go up so you go up secured you no no
no secured the wind or the bugs goodbye
Oh sick I mean go good go on a day like
that good she's got body pence well this
is oh it's a nice light rebate so I
don't want that good where you live in
it um don't know what be laugh-in at
