good morning guys it's not really the
morning I had a couple of days off daily
vlogging because I've let you in working
non-stop solid on book 2 and trying to
get the gaming channel ready I'm a gamer
channel is nearly ready I think actually
what Oh
Zoe's make you pee in this hour and I
think my gaming channel is either going
to launch today if you're watching this
or tomorrow I haven't quite yet decided
it but it is even today or tomorrow I'm
certain I'll leave a link down below and
you can go check it out about to make a
little coffee make make make make my
little coffee also I went to the gym
yesterday and did my first leg day my
thighs and like literally oh my gosh
like.oh been like doing that oh man yeah
so bad so oh no no I'm making a coffee
but I forgot to put the coffee capsule
in that's why it's so watery and just
nothing I didn't actually put coffee in
there
oh right there we go
make markup we make make Matt coffee
that is recycling and Zoey now it's
gonna teach me how to use our washing
machine because I haven't actually yet
used all washing machines oh he doesn't
know me where are you I have no way
although if you just got in the washing
machine yourself or something this is
our washing machine I've never used this
one before we've lived here for ages but
Zoey doesn't wash it and I do with the
dishwashing and stuff how do you use a
dishwasher no I mean why should we shame
like what color we got in there is it
dark light dark wash load what do we do
put your fabric softener in up to the
line yeah I've got this glob here yeah
here yes you put it in already awesome
you put a capsule in yeah we put that in
turn it on yeah on button oh that is
fancy
and then you want to go cotton it sounds
sick see we don't need that high why not
40 yeah 40 is good
and then it says 40 cotton how do we
know that's dark and not like I'm not
sure you don't have in a setting but
when you know whitewash you just go a
bit higher on the water because it's
good for stains goodra and then you just
press play and that's it play look at
the play burn oh I like this one that's
much better than the other on me Casper
had in London or the one that I had at
my old my old flat and that's doing it
is it going to take three hours yeah
that's so good it's just time remaining
yeah
dry you do cut and dry I'm scared to dry
one time I did dry with my trousers
every single pair of jeans they owned
literally were like this big afterwards
never again I just said them my new
gaming videos we're gonna start even
today you're watching this or tomorrow
but I kinda just thought screw it I'm
gonna put one live right now so as
you're watching this is already gone up
I'm literally about to take the button
I've got the video here the Facebook the
Twitter everything I'm so excited
the new schedule guys is every single
Monday Wednesday and Friday
there will be a new blender video that
is the same and if this goes well then
you never know it could turn it into
like every day or five days a week or
something but for now there will be a
new gaming video every single Monday
Wednesday and Friday I'm just uploading
one today is just like a little teaser
something special something to give you
guys but from this week from that one
you're watching this every single Monday
Wednesday Friday new gamer video I'm so
excited
don't even ask guys I'm feeling more
stuff for book number two and yeah this
is the result of one of the videos mom
and dad had just gotten off guys and
look how cute she's being we put in the
little bed
Gabi bought her and the girl they
usually be I think come on you sleepy
that's her little bedroom she's so cute
and night so and I just started watching
I
we watched like an episode or two how
long have we watched you there we've
watched literally like six minutes five
minutes Oh orange is the new black
episode one
I'm actually on Episode three I started
it like two months ago and I loved it I
forgot yeah you just stopped really look
oh my gosh is right one minute I was
horribly out of focus that whole time I
think sorry thighs I focus that whole
time guys
yeah we just start oranges a new black
I've seen episode one two and three
before but ages ago so I kind of forgot
but I know that I loved it and I know
you guys have probably watched all of it
or something like that but yeah we just
let's start watching it now which is
cool I didn't feel my breakfast this
morning and everything I've been eating
proper proper healthy recently again
still and like actually healthy like
seriously healthy not just like laughs
not just like eating food like actually
healthy like making stir fries and
making those like chicken or not making
the actual chicken the animal well I've
been thinking about how to make chicken
like let's you have two chickens in my
garden I make them have sex and then I
make them have a chicken now bring up
this egg no I'm so weird also the new
gaming video is live now it's all good
and I think you guys are really enjoying
it it's a game called turbo dismount
which I absolutely loves if you want to
see more obviously let me know in the
comments on it and stuff do you like new
sunglasses it's rollin rollin right I
want to show you guys some tricks
showing this before but I just found in
my office again today you ready yeah
looks quite something
Oh
it's like the minute that camera comes
on you just can't do it anymore
before guys I was sick thank you thank
you very much then event now we've just
finished up watching three episodes of
orange is the new black and I absolutely
love it I think it's good
worth watchin yeah look at all the guys
she's still asleep but she's like an
absolute flop like hey you know what you
doing what you doing you can see what it
is 12:30 in the morning guys
Zoe has been asleep for like probably
over an hour now and I've just been
sitting trying to find new games to play
for my gaming channel and it is looking
hard you know and also doing the new
video I guess it actually my new camera
I got I got this new gaming this new
camera like a weird tripod because I
normally film up here but then I got
this guy which basically means I can
just be like group like put it in like
weird shapes and that weird places for
when I film talking about however I want
that's pretty pretty cool really
unproductive evening not unproductive as
such just like trying to find good ghost
play and I couldn't find any but that's
how it goes sometimes that is how it
goes there should have been a video
going live with both Zoe and Joella
which was super embarrassing to say she
liked the omote is pretty embarrassed
and bobolit like idiots in hell you
probably saw in his Instagram and stuff
if not only a sad picture here now
that's what we look like at the end of
the video but anyway you guys know what
to do go show it some love I'm gonna end
this vlog now I don't even know what I
filmed as usual don't even know what I
filmed today because I've just no
filming videos all day and planning
videos so I promise you that these daily
vlogs will get better
it's just crazy busy at the moment
because I'm trying to launch my game
channel games I'm filming
so much content and my book as well that
you guys can't see which is a shame like
you might be able to I can't show you on
filming for my book because then it's
gonna ruin the things that are gonna
happen when the book comes out and I
can't show you the game revisions I'm
filming because then it ruins the game
in videos but I promise you it won't be
like this forever
there will be interesting vlog so I'll
be going in having fun with Zoey and
other people and friends anyways I know
you guys understand because you are the
absolute best so I'm gonna head sleep
thank you so much for watching today
I love you so much and thank you for
respecting me and understanding I'd like
a couple of days break from daily
vlogging just because I wanted to try
and get as much filming stuff as I could
done you guys know what to do you always
give the video thumbs up you always show
me love in the comments so I'm not even
about the Raskin I'll see you tomorrow
good night guys I love you just go pony
prints well this is oh Christ three
boats or not be that
