good morning guys I had a big line today
it's half past 11 I let you woke up a
half past 10 which is so late for me I
slept for like 10 hours which is too
much like I literally I feel like I'm
slightly that hungover / ill because
I've slept so much are you watching me
thanks
the Nats breakfast time and as you know
yesterday we've got a massive food shop
so we've got so much choice I don't know
what to make I feel like that might make
some porridge because you know I'm still
trying to be healthy actually of course
oh my dad neither so I nearly trod on
you
I bought some a healthier cereal the
other day bought some of this stuff for
Barry muesli so might at some of that
and then chopped up some fruit on top of
that which I think it sounds delicious
here we go there we go right added my
milk and then obviously I've got myself
a little coffee and today I switched
things up a bit and I work for a vanilla
coffee I don't have one of these I think
that was one of the first coffees I've
ever tried was vanilla back when I
didn't like coffee yeah so I'm looking
forward to trying it it's dinner time
we've just taken a load or blog pictures
didn't you how did it go yeah and now I
just took loads of pictures for the
thumbnails for my gaming videos
basically in my gaming videos or as you
know I'm getting back into my gaming
channel oh sorry just put some water on
the floor so it's clean up yeah for my
gaming videos they have pictures of me
in their thumbnail so I just took a load
of posy pictures against a white wall to
cut them out and then put them on the
thumbnails always no he took them he
helping mommy clean up by sniffing her
bum and now I'm gonna make some dinner
for myself so he doesn't want a stir-fry
so I've got somebody else guy some
chicken guy some Nando's stuff some
Japanese stir-fry things is all you
bought these they look good oh look
they've even got a Twitter and Instagram
and a facebook on their package in yeah
that's so good Love Me Tender
and then a small Nando's small Nando's
and somewhere
the cannery bloomin and o0 vegetables I
don't have Japanese vegetables go with
Nando's but we'll soon find out oh yeah
you did buy me black bean sauce by kind
of winning under sauce instead just cook
it on my dinner it's kind of good right
one minute let me get some audio oh my
god did you hear that
yeah look at it wobbling the pan just
like warped in the oven I don't
understand why that happens surely
they're made for the oven it's an oven
tray my dinners gonna ask is you're good
you know got myself some medium chicken
I'm a vegetarian
haven't put the noodles in yet and
noodles are gonna go in the set I just
want to make sure these properly bits
are cooked up I don't want any crunching
broccoli I don't think they'll be done
yet you know guys say you know the gym
stuff we ordered the other day
I'm sure did I tell them I'm sure it
means how he ordered loads of new gym
gear the other day look what he's
wearing can I put the camera on you
no but she's wearing this she's got some
of those night bottom things and you got
another hair as well and a different
what bark you know no one and then you
got your little top and your little
sports bra thing it looks good and then
you wants to go to just have some little
shoes somewhere but they're upstairs
aren't they then I got a new top and we
got new water bottles up here as well
and voila take a look at their bathroom
office guys doing some editing I have
got one two three gaming videos to edit
tonight and then I've got eight ready in
the Nugget and maybe some smokes it's
only 20 minutes past 8:00 obviously take
know that for a walk and look what I've
just made after dinner then Philidor you
probably thinking what the hell is that
our thing basically a protein shake with
a banana and a little bit of honey like
runny honey just to make it squeeze out
and it's so delicious because my protein
that I have is like chocolate flavor or
chocolate cookie maybe I can't remember
and then I throwed a banana stares at
banana and chocolate and then load of
milk and some honey
so it's so delicious because I'm just
trying to eat more like I don't want to
lose weight from doing any working out
and stuff not that I've done a lot of
working out so far but the stuff that I
have done and that I hope to do in the
future
I don't want to lose weight and from
doing it because that's not what I want
to do I want to put on muscle so I'm
just gonna try and start eating loads
more obviously clean but eating pain
stuff like you saw what I could for
dinner as well as having some protein
shakes because I'm so manly I don't know
what I've looked today guys it's in fact
the next day technically it is
12:57 in the morning which is super
super late because I have to wake up
like 7:30 every day because of Anala
just finish editing now and it is
literally just saving the last gaming
video that I've got pre-filmed this is I
think number eight I'm gonna try and get
it even like 10 or 15 before I launch my
gaming channel I'm sorry that today's
vlog wasn't that entertaining and I
didn't actually I don't even know who I
did I don't even know what a film
because literally I've been editing all
day or planning merchandise or taking
photos for thumbnails or I filmed this
little clip for I don't if I'm allowed
to say film like a little video clip for
a TV show my nothing special special our
Tony won't see it goes up on what it's
featured in and things but identify like
Tony now and then I've also been shown a
book to stop which have also got filmed
so many videos for booktube the app
tomorrow so tomorrow it's going to be a
busy busy busy day of filming I think
Zoe is going off to go and see the
Sakuni Jolie's I'm pretty sure I am in
fact about 99% sure and yeah so that
this build is a bit of a short one also
I should say there's so many of you got
these arriving today or yesterday for
you guys watching this some many of you
on twitter and i love-love-love seen the
pictures of you wearing them so if you
got one of them make sure to tag me on
instagram that is the
I see everything I always always always
look through my Instagram tags so if you
ever want me to see a picture that's
where you tag it and I'll see you or if
you want me to see a message or
something also upload a picture of you
wearing this because I want to see
you're wearing at the absolutely amazing
and I'm excited so I will see you
tomorrow with a new daily vlog I'm not
tucked up in bed I always like into my
vlogs going I'm all tucked up in bed
guys but I'm not because if I go
upstairs and blog now then I'm gonna
wait zowie up so I'm gonna end a blog
now I'm so hyper in his 1 a.m. I think
it's because I had two dinners tonight
and then I was still hungry so I just
have a little packet of pineapple it's
time for me to sleep thank you so much
watching today if you enjoyed it make
sure to give the video a thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow
good night I'm still here though Jake me
good sleep good night guys
