you need to get your butt up you need to
stop being so lazy no I love doing this
with her Zoe she just doesn't care how
bad is that
that's how lazy she is hello
dog dog buckaroo she literally just
doesn't care what are you doing watch
you guys sleep doctor burly what is up
like a bat rectify that there we go this
is what my day is consisting of now
jacking up in editing yesterday's vlog
all morning so far it's currently your
it's lunch time it's lunch time and I've
been editing all morning I just saw we
had delicious breakfast as rather Zoe
cooked up I'm so excited to everyone to
see this vlog if you haven't seen
yesterday's vlog link is down below go
check it out guys like honestly it's a
sick one it's so sick this is the sloth
if you did see the vlog we were talking
about I never showed it in the video
this is the let's put it in there with
her that's the biggest clear up today
ever we have so much rubbish and
recycling that it doesn't fit in our
bins that we have so I'm going to fill
the car with everything squish it all in
and drive up to the tip
a recycled all event hood over the bends
and stuff
the cars completely full I couldn't
manage to fit all of that recycling in
and in here I couldn't fit any of this
in do you know it smells really good
right now my car absolutely stinks
oh no I've only got 13 miles of 1% of
petrol I'm gonna wall it on me I've
never seen anything like this two cars
are turning around I've just filled up
with petrol there's literally a queue of
there's literally a queue of like 40
probably even more cars to be able to
get lerton like that guy there's a third
person since I've been here this just
turned around and gone back I kind of
can't turn around because my car so full
of rubbish shut oh another car in front
of me turn around two more cars behind
me turning where I'm right now and there
was another car just hammer I'm right
now what a fun adventurous Sunday
afternoon another car was turning around
behind me
finally I need to get out of here quick
let's mother people in over an hour
later I was queuing up just then for 40
minutes
hello Missy what is it she doesn't like
the car oh okay I just need to reach
this that's all there we go I've got
loads of room I think now let's got the
most of them are you gonna sit down
Missy what's happenin does it smell
funny in here just more different hello
come down just arrived at mom and dad's
we're sure everyone's just been in the
car going for like little drives around
the block and stuff tonight's vlog is
just gone live now and there are so many
of you comment in saying that you're
crying in somebody that works for me now
it's just saying that she that she's
watching it and get an emotional like
honestly the reaction from this video is
crazy in 16 minutes it has got six and a
half thousand thumbs up that is insane
the love is unbelievable alright I need
to go upstairs because basically part
the reason why I'm here obviously it's
all have a Sunday lunch together but
another part of the reason is all of
this stuff here is like my childhood
belongings and things oh my gosh Flying
Scotsman yo that's what my grandma gave
me my childhood skate deck FSU
holy crap this is all this stuff from my
parents attic that was mine whether it
is my my childhood stuff all these
YouTube fights going on at the moment
all these YouTube boxing matches that
happen in check this to Alfie you have a
knockout Christmas ricky hatton happy
christmas from Steve Collins I forgot
about this stuff dad like this yeah
that's you this is my skate deck which
we kept oh my gosh this are bought in a
garden center once why the heck did you
let me buy it like look someone else is
available and grab a lot Shawn's
breaking something so you've got all my
xbox yeah my blades oh my gosh filming
lights this is the original the original
pointlessblog setup alfie deyes channel
pointlessblog passion one direction oh
my gosh Shawn just found one of my first
vlogging cameras here
I can't even what it was called it's
kind of like the upgraded flip Mino HD
are you ready to see something that is
going to shock you it's gonna make you
want to vlog on this straight into your
laptop what what no memory card no
memory card just boss yeah look at that
in the pocket BAM
g7 X mark 50 boy cannon if you're
watching there also any someone can you
please release a good up-to-date camera
like this that I can just slide in my
pocket to vlog I'm getting told off
please they just throwing all my stuff
away that's wrong Martin
let me guess everyone guess what do not
you buy these for are they
golfing gloves go finger yeah do we need
these pajamas are we get rid of them
quite nice on the wall or something
around the Christmas tree is that good
night no guys I don't want to throw away
nice guitar though because it looks cool
I'm never gonna throw charity earth
should I charity this oh I guess low
moan Cameron yeah charity
where's charity part down here yeah guys
I found a hard I found a hard drive that
I I mean I had literally don't even know
how old this is and I probably haven't
used this in about 10 years
that's a hydration move about 7 or 6
years so I'm gonna keep this in my
pocket put it in my bag and we're gonna
try and find out what's on it later on I
turned up to a charity football match
once and didn't own any football boots
so I just turned up wearing normal shoes
this was the Alfie deyes the Alfie deyes
jacket this is obey as well know what
this in New York
Oh someone find a picture of me wearing
this it's no fair though I've got it on
there was one image though like
like a photo proper faith day there's
Alfie wearing the jacket and yes I did
such pointlessblog jacket into Google
ever everyone has a folder of Pokemon
which was your favorite Pokemon card
that one's cool
Scyther is pretty cool shiny Bulbasaur
Lapras Venus or Never King you had quite
a lot of shiny like an eye Snorlax
you had way more shiny than me I'm
definitely keeping those nose in there
then oh my god how things work well I've
always been so weird and interested in
like how things work how things worked
let's charity down a so-called charity
that someone will love that
oh my gosh I remember this extreme
screeching oh my god they look like
photos taken on someone's digital camera
I wanted a logo like that I want to
point this Pablo go down like this like
old skulls imagine submerge like yeah
wreck try this is it oh my gosh I
remember like learning how to do tricks
on I'm keeping them Alfie you're never
gonna like open them again what is it oh
I feel like Jo had that back I bet this
is my crystals mm-hmm oh my god mark
could have a field day
you take the mick out of Mark and his
crystals misra bar I like this
that one's really I'm gonna keep that
giving them to mark he would love that
although I don't know what he would do
with all of those also it might be bad
luck for you to get rid of those top 10
of everything 2007 oh my gosh you have a
lot of these books this charity is a
thousand question
and answers such a like little bit green
world knowledge oh this is just me whoa
knowledge in just did you ever read them
no cause that's how I know and people
say and this just goes to prove how much
you love gyms gyms new book because oh
yeah you grew up reading how things work
vast book of world knowledge
encyclopedia of everything nasty yeah
when I said Jim on the phone the other
day how excite them to read my legit
Mina 450d without your first camera that
was like my first step up to get like a
serious camera in YouTube right then
that cost me about seven hundred pounds
that was like I feel like that was most
people's first camera that was my first
camera to this dinner looks insane oh my
god
buzzy buzzy buzzy buzzy buzzy buzzy yes
thank you how are your eyes how are your
eyes after your surgery they all good
now you've got no color in your head
anymore so it must must be all good it
must be all good did you have a nice way
oh my gosh guys I've just found this on
the side on the side of my dad's
computer listen to this noise
that is so like throwback I'm so jealous
I love this you're fine listen to the
noise I found my old I yelled I put my
piano or whatever it was my quick achoo
that's so sick
come on come on let's go to bed just
going to bed now
Lois through the documentary was on
tonight but obviously we were playing
games and having dinner and everything
like that so we didn't watch
