good morning guys it is like quarter
past 1:00 lunch time I've done so many
jobs today
look how tidy everything is means I've
literally been tidying and cleaning out
and putting all that washing away and
everything like that basically today and
editing getting all my loads of stuff
I've got a tax outside right now because
believe it or not I'm off to the gym by
off to the gym are you proud of me are
you proud of me
well I really got to rush I don't think
we're gonna film in there because I
don't look like an idiot filming in the
gym but yeah I'm good to go and I'm back
from the gym I didn't kill anything
because I don't want to be that guy that
comes in the gym but you know what did
you see my tweet Zoey
honestly guess what happened so
embarrassing
okay so pretend this is a mirror
obviously there's a massive mirror walls
because everybody does weights in front
of the mirror so you can like see your
arms working you can see you're doing
about or whatever it's why no I don't
know pretending I know so now I'm doing
weights from the mirror and then either
odd you know what I should prove to my
viewers I'm actually in the gym today
I'll take a picture yeah I obviously
there's some guy next to me another
guy's next medium weights and stuff okay
I'm gonna take a sneaky bit to pretend
I'm changing song on my iPhone put my
camera up my weights are on the floor so
I'm not taking a different way down but
I get up flash goes off the guy next to
me literally burst out laughing and I
was like looking at such an idiot oh my
gosh but it was good it was good going
to the gym and then I just popped over
to little place called foo Dilek which
is like healthy food because last night
having that Domino's that was like a
reward for us filming our videos but now
now the health kicks in so oh look at
that
look at that got bigger piece of chicken
sweet potato and then a superfood salad
looks so good finished up a lot too
quite a while ago guys and I've
literally just been sat on my laptop now
planning stuff a book number two for
blooming ages probably or not that
asked me at the hydration bubbled up
three hours now and today is quite long
isn't that anyway it's only worth anyway
if I was gonna say yeah it's a shame I
just got a text through to my phone
which was a favor from Tonya because I
tweeted eight let me read out my tweet
I'm so sad that I can't make it to x
launch tonight because I've got so much
stuff to do and I'm sending all my
support and I'll give her a hug next
time I see her because basically after
the Nando's meeting the other day the
Nando's meeting the book meeting in
Nando's the other day as you saw my vlog
I basically found out that I've got so
much to do for my book it is insane
because it's come I don't know if I'm
allowed to say when it's coming out or
anything but it's coming out soon fairly
soon anyway crazy amount of planning to
do guys so much excited like where's the
thing this here that in there is every
single page more or less done I've just
got to go through them checked at
they're all at what I want I've got to
fill in some of the pages I've got to do
make all the videos for the app in the
old one when you use the app and you
hover it over the phone and my answers
all came up I've got to fill out with my
answers on like some special paper and
scan them at it some green screen photos
and crazy amount of exciting stuff but
I've basically and the meeting I've got
to do it by is on Monday oh my gosh
that's it's Tuesday already I've got six
days to Eisley get the most ridiculous
amount of book stuff done which is
really really excited a really really
fun but a lot of work to have to get
done in time so it's a shame that I
couldn't go to London tonight if you
jump right to the novice I could have
just nipped out gone to it quickly but
time just thing is all the way in London
and that'll take like over an hour and a
half to get there then I say couple of
hours I've been off hours and like an
hour and a half or so back do add a
second light from I would have already
had to leave way it ages ago so it's
rude a bit to make it but I'm sending my
love Tanya and my support if you don't
know what it's for
basically my friend time there you guys
know Tanya burr she just released
love Tonya and I actually got my hands
on a copy the other day I didn't vlog it
I haven't got it I didn't able I was in
an office I was in an office in London
and there was one on the side and I had
a quick flick for I didn't read a lot I
didn't look at a lot I may be open about
like five or six pages and it was
looking really good
it looks awesome so if you want to check
that out I will do my best as usual to
leave a link down below so you guys can
check out Tanya's book no me I'll
probably forget so just search love
Tanya in Google I know Twitter or
something of that just wanting to
explain that before you guys go in the
comment saying how come you didn't go to
Tanya's Lauren's party but loads of
other youtubers did it's because I've
got so much book stuff to do right it is
time for a break
time for a break Nala time for a break
do-do-do-do-do-do-do time for a break
time time for a break time for a break
if you didn't gather if you didn't
already gather basically I mean no book
stuff for ages now and it's going so
well I set myself a target for a certain
amount to do this morning and I was it
was quite an ambitious target but I
think I'm gonna do it you know I think I
might just do it we're getting
productive guys having an olive is
really making us more scheduled and
stuff we're getting a lot more done all
in this just came which is Accardo
obviously this is not sponsored guys
because I'm saying I like something
this is Accardo which we've started
ordering now and it's so good because it
says on the bags where the food goes
normally I'm packing the shopping into
the fridge the freezer that cupboard
states ages because if to do item by
item on this or with the ones with red
handles for the fridge
purple handles for the cupboard green
handles of what even is that green is
for the freezer so I've got one bag for
the freezer loads of Power Board loads
of red so I can instantly I just know
where everything comes I just just know
where it goes and it's some much quicker
I also emptied the fridge a minute it
goes well so look at immature little
fridges now iceworm not always this
hyper as soon as I turn the camera I'm
like hold on a minute and then I mess up
everything I say yeah I'm gonna unpack
this now and now our fridge is literally
so
fool I don't even know if that's kind of
close being serious oh my god it does
look at that all of that one there is
also got to put up in the freezer as
well
righty-ho I think it is time that I
start making some dinner it's 20 past
9:00 in the evening I've just been
sitting down there now for like another
hour and a half or something just
planning and planning and planning
future merchandise things and trying to
trying to get creative and do things
that you wouldn't have seen before and
do fun things that I know you guys are
going to love for merchandise and I want
to keep up doing this like bringing out
loads of new pieces and things but it's
hard because obviously I'm not graphic
designer so I don't do to design things
so I've got fine people they're good
design in and it sucks it's harder than
what you think you know a lot harder
than what you think I just had somebody
design something for me woman I can't
undo this with one hand here mm-hmm
there we go and I'd somebody design
something for me the other day and I
absolutely loved it like it was so so
good and I thought I thought that was it
I was like this is my next piece of
merchandise done and then it turns out
that the designer didn't own the rights
to the fonts used in the design so
legally I couldn't use it and then I
tried to purchase the rights to use the
fonts but I couldn't because some of the
fonts you can't buy to sell on
merchandise so bloomin confusing or this
legal stuff it's a mesh but I mean
that's just one of the hurdles this is
one thing now quite fer and hopefully
I'll get an even better design for you
guys so if there's anything specifically
you'd like merchandise wise let me know
in the comments just something fun I
don't want to just whack my face on a
t-shirt or like that's why I never sold
anything back when I used to say what's
up guys that they be giving their videos
and that's why I never sold anything
this is like what's up guys on it
because I don't know I don't want to do
like I used to I know you're on did you
just yawn
you're so cute look pretty you are on
you you're so sleepy and yeah that's why
I never ever just worked like what's up
guys with my face on a piece of merch
but could I just anything that's from
some youtubers love doing that and it
worked really well but I don't really
think that's my kind of thing I don't
just want my face smack bomb on a
t-shirt or something like that so I'm
trying to think creatively outside the
box things that nobody has ever done
before and also make sure that they're
printed well like all of my posters were
like glossy like really thick like
mazing finish and like the packaging so
that they weren't damaged at all and
there was so much thought gone into it
yeah
so there's anything specific that you'd
like even if it was like this little
magnet of meals Owens bridge no Jake it
yeah there's anything specifically you'd
like then let me know in the comments
because I mean maybe I could make it and
maybe it'd be possible now there's so
many options for me to have for dinner
I'm kind of throwing the other way where
I'm like oh my gosh there's too much to
choose from I don't know what to choose
I'm still up guys and I'm still working
on future merchandise trying to plan
things and get things rolling so I
better post out a poll out saying what
me Wow I can't speak what merchandise
would you like to see me do in the near
future and then I put these 10 things
here don't adjourn I'm all tucked up in
bed blanket points blog hoodie good
morning guys mug a pointless blog style
curtain and I think a smoke billowing
points prop bracelet t-shirt necklace
pendant nala roar and something
different basically I've just put it up
hold up that's the simple thing I'm
gonna leave a link down below to it so
you guys can vote if you're watching
this and you can vote and I'm gonna try
and do like one of the top voted ones my
next piece of merchandise I got
performace it because obviously if I
can't get somebody to produce it for
cheap enough and get it quick enough
made and everything but basically I'm
going to use what you guys are a
question and try and make it all
possible so if you have another idea or
something that isn't on the list because
there is a category at the end this is
something different it's only 2% of the
voters so far but if there if there's
something on the list that I haven't put
down and you really want then just let
me know in the comments and I'll try and
do that as well
that is about here I might as well in my
vlog now to be honest because when I got
upstairs from just in a week Zoe up if I
log in bed so I'm all tucked up in bed
guys now I'm not really I'm not
tucked up in bed
I'll see tomorrow thank you so much for
the sport today thank you for just being
so nice just generally every single day
you guys are so bloomin nice to me and
all I do in return is just talk to this
camera I just talk to this little camera
here and then you guys watch it all and
you give me amazing feedback and you're
so supportive and you who put up with my
rubbish hair yeah thank you so much guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I love you so much on know
the snoring can you hear her right I'll
see you tomorrow
can that guys
