good morning guys
was that nice lovely is that nice noise
oh I probably both everyone's headphones
as well very so if you're wearing
headphones guys I'm super excited
because it is currently like two minutes
plus eight in the morning I've been
awake for like half an hour an hour went
and took Nala up to the toilet then came
back up let going short text me
yesterday from Radio 1 saying if I do
want to come on my 81 show tomorrow
morning there's a bit about bloggers and
it'd be awesome to get your advice and
have a chat with you live on air so I
just got a call from one of the
producers down at Radio One and he said
in 10 minutes or 8 minutes now they're
gonna be calling me to go live on radio
war so that's a nice listen to wake up
and get the day started with we've rate
a 1 so let's do that how you learn it's
a lot harder than what you think like
even just speak into a camera is hard
like when you just by yourself and like
you're walking down the street and
people are looking at you it's hard to
like be normal and not just feel like an
absolute idiot oh I'm always up at a
slight angle yeah you don't want the
double chin do you well that radio one
thing was fun wasn't it and now I'm just
making a coffee and then I'm gonna get
some bacon and we're gonna get some
scrambled eggs oh and I'm also gonna get
done to the dorm but one by bomb some
baked beans from here and then I'm gonna
get some bagels toast them so means that
we can have bacon scrambled egg and
baked beans and a coffee of course so I
showed you what I was doing with the
bacon as she said I did it wrong I
shouldn't have put it on that and in
fact I should have done this I just
spent five minutes changing it all over
realizing I'm not the best at cooking
because I just had our Zoey how to make
scrambled egg not that it's but no I
think it's because a lot of people cook
it in a pan like this but my mum cooks
in the microwave and house is amazing
I just got little marks on them it's got
back my like my hair black pouch
also knowledge cleaning so I have to
have a shower
I told just lick my foot for me go on
carry on clean my whole body don't have
to have a shower today carry on please
thank you the baker is getting along
well it's going good I need to flip
through that guy though wish those guys
up know I did a dash of milk
well that is looking very orange because
we use no thanks and look at this
delicious breakfast scrambled egg bacon
beans
and I forgot the name bagel that's the
one bagel you have for me do the washing
oh yeah thanks matey I don't lick in the
dishwasher it's going to help clean the
dishes but it's a good effort so good at
gig and I like get care Oh
shaky-shaky
Jim and then all right guys these two
are here now
and we're just oh shut up that's in for
Joe's video which is an impressions
video comedy so bad I think it gonna be
really good night so I'm Steve oh yeah
okay making it like a party for us hi
guys we both just finished filming this
is this is the outcome of my video Oh
Lord why fighting my dog yeah look at
all of this no and these guys know I was
trying to be healthy not anymore
should we finish eating the Nando's guys
finish it the Domino's guys what's
happened what has that but we've just
fit 1 million bloody subscribers I mean
she claimed it in the shame man oh I
just I want to do what do you what do
you do it might immediately what do you
do
I need something to celebrate what was
it gonna be yeah you need to tell me
tonight man Oh big time don't deny that
you don't out for a walk for one the old
Joe wants to show you guys how to
shuffle this one middle one no celebrate
celebratory according to speak
celebratory dance music way no way no
way we can put someone yet why
my god I like involved right dhole
ladies and gentlemen hi there I haven't
got the light one it's not turned on so
I've got my mobile phone
pushing the light in my face and yes if
it's bad lighting sorry about that
today's over I got slick Creek hair
again because we wear my hair back today
yet again it was caught it's really
really fun sorry I didn't get
yesterday's daily vlog up I think I
don't know I didn't really do that much
yesterday in the vlog so you're not
missing out anything special today was
super cold Congrats obviously to Joe on
the million subscribers that's
absolutely insane and you guys are in
for a treat for this weekend's video of
him I think it's going to be good and
and the one on his channel
we did some YouTube impressions but it
was like switched up a little bit with
some gamers and each other and it's
gonna be super super fun like trust me
on that
yeah I'm gonna go to see it now it's
half-past twelve in the evening or in
the morning Sheila saying would you say
office job in the morning Zoey or in the
evening I don't know let me know the
comments you help us 12:00 at night yeah
we've got to up early tomorrow because
you've got an electrician coming over to
fix Andrew light sockets and light bulbs
and stuff ah 8:30 in the morning
nobody Nala wakes up super early as well
so I will see you tomorrow give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it also
I should let you know that yesterday for
you guys up up a new main channel video
which I showed some secret clips and
secret videos that you guys have never
ever ever seen before
and never ever will anywhere anywhere a
lot I can't speak anywhere else so you
only see those and laugh at me when I'm
like 15 16 years old looking and
sounding like an idiot and making videos
on the most ridiculous topics you have
ever seen I'll leave a link down below
to the video so go check that out don't
give it a thumbs up and go comment like
I said the other day go commerce and
Slick Rick sent you because my hair is
so slick and I want to confuse people
anyways I'm gonna shut around him
I go sleep good night
