good morning
oh my gosh even I opening my eyes it's
Saturday and I'm awake ten pot nine that
was the biggest lining of had since I
can remember
whilst having neither anyway as such a
lineup and it's so hard to get out bed
this morning Zoey's been trying to
persuade me she's been she didn't get up
and to like up if she's gonna say yes we
gonna come around let's go gonna says
come on up and let's go up coming up he
coming up me for like 20 minutes
I know I'm so sorry Zoe but oh my gosh
it was so hard to get out today because
I got up at 6:45 and tonight I set my
alarm and not acknowledge our for the
toilet outside makes it sound like we've
got a twin outside the night she went to
the toilet outside and then came back in
for about to bed Norma back to sleep so
I am not good why are you making a noise
at me so it's got another package what
is that oh what is it is it oh that's
quite nice that's really similar to the
one we just pointed out of the day where
is that I was in the bedroom that's so
similar to the bronze one we've got the
other day yeah that's really nice
promise you know armadillo etsy.com oh
well there we go there we go guys if you
want one of them studio armadillo cows
were named just about to make Oh get
back up a copy at Wafi for those of you
in New York I'm gonna make a copy each
get myself some milk
oh just just a little bit of milk
only a little bit now I've got this for
my parents for Chris was it for my
parents off on poppy was it from you
know it wasn't oh sorry my stop giving
for Christmas I thought my parents got
me yet and now if you're thinking what
the bloody hell is that basically you
put milk in it and then you shake it
back and forth and that Louis in there
makes it like frosty for the
of your latte so there's my coffee I'm
gonna try put some milk in there and
shake it up and see see if it works
we rollin we probably right I don't know
where I put it in just anywhere I
actually don't know
have you read the instructions does
anyone ever read instructions no we are
never read the Terms and Conditions
margins yeah he always beat them you
ready yes birthing is everywhere what I
think it's honestly work in feel like a
new one of those shape way Albert is
that froth on top of milk in a bottom
and you see that oh yeah and I think do
you scoop the froth off the target
do you scoop that for us under this one
scoop that froth oh my god yeah is it
true that no good I like it with cereal
but I don't like you on its side mmm
guys are just still drinking my coffee
and I'm about to make some lunch it is
in there no no hmm doesn't smoke this
cigar
so you just taking a little trip a
little journey a little drive down to
stammer Park which you guys know this
part by now if you've been watching my
vlogs and over there is like one of my
favorite places ever in the world to
have lunch but we just go in there now
and we've just got a seat which is all
good or so obviously stuff and hung out
and gross from here now although I don't
think I'll probably vlog with them in
here I'd do that in a second but um yeah
we just go in now and knowledge like
sitting down chill but forgot because
we're all going to be eating she hasn't
got any like anything to chew anything
to play with like with her teeth because
she's at like teething stage so she lost
her to stuff so I'm just popping back to
the car now that's not to quickly grab
her some next achoo well that's not it
that's a buggy oh there we go this is it
mmm delicious
good work
let's reordered after you Japan as usual
I thought I could eat more why courage
and I've ordered one of these two myself
when Hannah is open smart and ordered
one each and I've also got chicken GU
John's coming you guys share it maybe I
just need the cherry on the top we want
a lovely little war then join aspired
quiet a lot of poo that literally all of
that is poo just in case you are
wondering no we pick it check it in her
lifetime she posed that much yeah I
thought posed nearly that big she needs
a poo got it to their Nala was always
taking dollar for a little jog it's like
be
right back home now guys and Hannah was
saying earlier after your weights look
so tiny and so light no joking but she
said she thinks she can drive she can be
like but you have to pick up by the way
guys it's 10 kilograms you have to pick
it up and just go like that yeah you
give them back a bicep curl take over
straight back you don't want to hurt
your back yes do you think don't you
give him bad Mack so he's actually
pretty strong she won't go today but
she's pretty strong oh go on go on three
do what go right guys
oh now all tucked up into bed oh my gosh
also my hair is super slick rick slicked
back because I've had it with one of
those little what is that don't even
know it's called run of these things in
it all day so basically it goes like
this I think they're for girls no no I
know this one way I know they're for
girls but basically you got that flick
that guy back and then it's locks it
there because my hair is at the
in-between stage where it's not sure but
it's not long yeah super super fun today
really really nice and Nala was so good
today which made everything so much
easier
Maxine Akkad what's the time what is the
time when I past 11 also I haven't even
checked how today's daily vlog when I
uploaded it like way this morning and
haven't checked how it went
I'm gonna go on it now celebrating
Sean's birthday oh it's got twenty
thousand nine hundred twenty one likes
that's a bloomin lot that's a bloomin
not top comment 363 thumbs up I love
Zoe's hair I wish I could have my hair
cut - the same never saw his old hair go
for it it looks awesome
do you love your new hair yeah right I'm
invested even advice let's try and be
twenty thousand nine hundred and twenty
one thumbs up also Zoe and I ordered
loads of gym clothes today but fitness
stuff and gym shoes and leggings and
stuff didn't weigh like most of cool
things and water bottles because we want
to start going to the gym and I want my
mom to come to the gym with me as well
right if you enjoyed this video guys
give us thumbs up I'll see you tomorrow
or as you're watching this also actually
I should probably tell you as you
watching this a new video of mine has
gone up an old main Channel video so I
leave a link down to that down below as
well go comment on it saying and once we
confuse people with okay I got a good
one because my hair slicked Rick go
comment on my new main channel video
saying Slick Rick sent me and give it a
thumbs up let's see how many people we
can confuse everyone's good know who the
hell is Slick Rick yeah I'll see you
tomorrow thank you so much watching say
I love you good night
