good morning guys hey hey mister today I
wanna live on the floor with of living
Harry Styles pillow jokes
the kids are relying with Emma Watson
anyways guys today oh hey one day today
I'm off to a meeting it's currently like
half past 9:00 in the morning I've been
up for like an hour
showered dressed of as haven't dried my
hair yet but today I'm off to a meeting
that book number two it's a blooming
long me dinners from 10 o'clock till 1
o'clock and kindly I spoke to I've got
some friends who work at Nando's and I
spoke to them yesterday and I was like
is there any way I've got a meeting and
there's quite a few of us so I don't
want them at the house because there's a
lot of us in the meeting and obviously
nah you'll get very excited and I will
be here so I was like right is there any
way Nando's that I could possibly have
like a section of your restaurant to
have a meeting and they're like of
course yeah well have you like
downstairs we'll close off the
downstairs be your nose like oh my gosh
thank you so much
so they're closing off the down to the
restaurant never like what time's the
meeting ours are from 10:00 to 1:00
Nando's doesn't open to 11:00 so not
only if they give me the downstairs
they've also opened an hour early for me
so Nando's you're watching thank you so
much it's going to make my meeting a
hundred times better the fact I can just
eat chicken the whole meeting it is more
or less as I said last night the last
meeting was not the last it's the last
one about designing the pages and
everything basically after today every
page in book 2 should be more or less
finished
I've just finished up my super long mega
pointless book to meeting and all of
this stuff in here is basically the book
in different parts and I've even got a
copy of the front cover done in this in
here I want to show you it's so bad but
I don't think I'm allowed oh my gosh
that dogs weren't out there that was
cool
I'm now off to going meet Zoe who I'm
sure she's telling you guys she's loved
her have been short so much that she
walked a little bit shorter so she's now
getting another like zit two or three
inches cut off now so okay there's a
band playing their instruments in a pink
onesie why not yeah so I'm going to go
meet her now against women got a solo
what typical BAM boom BAM Bing Budda
Budda Budda Budda Budda Budda duty-free
we're gonna do a food I'm gonna hop to
the food it oh thank you saw a lot
popping up on one plant food got a girl
named Abu smells like Rita struggle
and Michael watch - I pay - Michael back
to the east back to the west or west
where where - to put it on Luna like the
24 would like a twitch over band name
was something I could show you they were
sick but we just put we just got ragging
on this nice finish on the head round
and they've got a brand new menu here
and then loads of like new juices and
everything it looks so sick
we're like I'm pitching to you trying to
sell it like the guy just did to me when
I walked in because are his hair in the
Sun yeah I've had three more inches
trouble
I really like it being healthy buys got
that fruit juice we are back home and
Zoe bought loads of stuff off of Etsy
yeah which is basically if you don't EPS
is basically like individual little
items you can buy suppose I think
they're all that made to order as well
it's like loads of people making their
little shops and you can buy stuff so
what did you buy well this big mirror
had a shelf on it oh it's got a shelf on
the inside what a mirror of a shelf I'm
thinking it was like how big like this
big no I thought it was like from here
to like here
yeah you know like a decent size
yeah just put like in the bathroom yeah
okay
Oh bloom in it that's massive why that
is massive is that I mean I like it but
it probably fit like one moisturiser on
it wife I do really like it yeah like a
little succulent quarter to eight that
means 15 minutes until we have to be the
restaurant for Sean's birthday meal and
then it's been so cute today you just
playing with your toys are you you
biting that monkey's face off what else
not very nice
don't pretend you didn't do it I saw you
we all saw you by Annette don't try and
look cute now yeah there we go
gone get it gone look how good Zoe's
hair looks guys that's like properly
like done done your own thing I think it
looks really good do the other thing
come on baby bear I'm standing on the
radiator I'm really hot cooking your bum
yeah jeez
Oh
Yeah right guys just got into bed or on
to bed because it is incredibly hot I
just got out of the bath
it was awesome celebrating Sean's
birthday today so a massive have adapted
to Sean even though is the other day if
you're watching which I doubt you're
there you are anyways I feel like I
haven't really looked much today because
like four hours of it or wherever I did
was in like a massive meeting which was
super super exciting and everything but
yeah it's feel like I have already
logged much to today give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I love you
so much tomorrow shall I tell them who's
coming over tomorrow sorry she was fast
asleep tomorrow we've got steph and
hannah and obviously baby grayson coming
over and which is going to be super
exciting they may be sent over we're not
sure at the moment so that's something
to look forward to I love you so much
good night guys good all don't forget to
subscribe if you're not ready go down
there goodbye
