good morning guys it is ten minutes to
10:00 in the morning
we've already had like a builder man
come over I build a man handyman
construction man come over and help plan
some stuff that we want to change in the
house and perhaps mirrors and some
artwork and things that I'm not manly
enough to do basically he came over and
helped us plan a load of stuff and we're
going to change your bits in the
bathrooms all very very exciting I'm
just having a little morning cuddle of
this one aren't I and I am sorry it's
just popped out I think what I'm going
to do is I'm going to be really
productive and edit my daily vlog now
it's 10 minutes to 10:00 in the morning
and I think I might already editing
uploading my deadly bug scheduled for
tonight we've also got some breakfast
and yeah that's about it for now
I've just finished filming for like two
hours with Jay I'll leave you of that
that is what I've been filming and
actually I'm just gonna tell you that I
didn't bother telling you just then
we've just finished filming I'm gonna
meet Ernest lamp and you taken all that
for a walk finish filming plain hunger
games minecraft for my gaming channel
and his gaming channel and it was so
good that I can't even describe and how
thick that was I've never played it
before but I was unbelievable when the
video is gonna be amazing so keep your
eyes out okay stream through there it's
fine it's fine it's fine it's fine no
yeah we're now off to town guys because
it was my sister's boyfriend's birthday
yesterday short and you guys all know
Sean it was his birthday yesterday now
obviously he lives in London with my
sister so we can't see him to wish him a
happy birthday
obviously we text him and tweet him and
stuff but we can't see him until
tomorrow the day you're watching this
were going out for a birthday meal with
my family so means Irene out off to town
without sexy to buy him a birthday
present and the birthday card and a cake
yeah we want to get them a really
delicious at the best cake we can where
else do we need I need you know my hip
and I wear keep the hair on my face for
zig-zag one yeah want to put it on early
snapped it need a new one of them why
why well thanks actually is there
probably varies lipstick shopping Oh
cama cama on the Hmong setting one
minute guys there we go that's better
what is this Rimmel 107 there we go
that's the one I saw that looks like
we've pretty productive shopping scene
and guys we've got wrapping paper cards
myself nude hair bands more I've got one
like that nice thanks
oh no way it looks so real I know I
think you should buy this so if your
office jaqen no that's nice for a small
little candle Zoey get my daddy light in
that oh my gosh just thought I'd show
you guys my future house it's quite
small one and just all of that just
there
definitely not a palace or anything
right guys and it is more or less
exactly six o'clock on the door now the
boys meaning Martin Morgan and chair
picking me up to go to Nando's or zzs
for dinner not sure which one yet just
gonna see what happens once we get there
the reason watch it now it's the worst
pun the reason why my head's still back
is because are you ready
Slick Rick right I've got 17 minutes
away until they come back let's give
another quick little walk are you ready
are you ready baby are you ready with
your new coat on pretty lady
coming in do you know I love doing more
than anything
he's right Nala does Appu about one
minute into the walk and then for the
rest of I just have to hold a poo bag
that's really really fun isn't it yeah
come on little one she's lucky she's got
the really thick big coat on my hands
are freezing
I think my gloves I then can have them
back jagged as you guys got too much now
like way too wide
every time got some of their new sweet
potatoes
hey chase got Wingra left by himself yes
guys it's all about the carrot came
right back oh no guys and I've just been
playing Minecraft Hunger Games with
Morgan and Shay for like two hours or
something ridiculous what why not also
edited obviously and uploading my date
he felt as well sorry that it went up
again late last night because I wasn't
Nando's with the guys I didn't get
around to editing it today because we're
in town and stuff I'm in the bathroom
because obviously Polly just through
there and I don't know I grew up so I'm
gonna do my teeth and stuff and then get
into bed now
so I see of course super super early
start tomorrow
I call meeting forum ten to eleven to
twelve to one by a long meeting long
long were very very exciting meeting
like more or less the final meeting
about book number two and then most of
it is done by literally basically
finished I can't tell you too much about
it when it's coming out or anything like
I don't from an alto I'm not sure I'll
find out tomorrow more about it what I
can tell you when I can tell you more I
can show you and stuff but so so excited
about book number two and I'm really
looking forward to the meeting tomorrow
yeah I'll see tomorrow eyes thank you so
much did video thumbs up if you enjoyed
it
why am I worried my breath to say good
like I don't know
good night guys
