good morning guys we've both perhaps OOP
early although using the new dog skills
that we learn I got a light until 8:45
which was by then yeah you didn't Zoey
has just received something in the post
that she's making me kill also sorry
about my hair I need you to put that
away at my face sometimes so if you
start seeing me wearing weed-heads stuff
in my daily logs it's just getting a
hair out my face
and Zoey just receive something cause I
am just in my boxers so I apologize for
that as well I don't if you could see
the whole time in the mirror oh well and
Zoey just receive something in the post
that she's making me clothes my ideas so
I was like a let me feel Matt are you
ready
she's like um you or me
oh my gosh no way Zoe's side Alfie side
someone sent it to our table
oh my gosh Oh guys I can't even just
that literally is like what kind of like
shock to them velvet No get off get off
Emma Watson she's mine
how funny is that that's the sick who
sent that and the drone says yeah yeah
I'll go and get it thank you so much
ever sitting and I'm already in my boxes
Emma
come here ever I love you Oh beside ya
sickest card as well and then Zoe's side
I mean I still might cuddle with this
side occasionally but just not to anyone
oh wow
deers are in our fee hello I'm Anna from
Hong Kong I have I love yours she sent
this from Hong Kong I love watching your
videos very much and I want to give you
a present to support you and thank you
for your videos sometimes when I feel
frustrated it really cheers me up
also I learnt and improve my your
present definitely supports me
telling you she got English by watching
our videos if you guys love the pillow
by Taylor Made and put so much effort
into it Anna from Hong Kong thanks hmm
is Anna 12 like that am i 12 and she was
under 12 in writer
so everyone go say thank you to anna 12
Alling words in letters not in numbers
all the way from home all the way from
Hong Kong has sent this so cool but I'm
gonna go jump in the bathroom now guys
and then what is happening today Zoe I'm
getting my hair cut
how are you getting it cut sure Zoe
so he's finally decided that she does
want to go for sure to hair not like
crazy she'll probably like nipple height
above nipple height just a bit above
nipple height I think I mean I think
it's gonna look really good but we put
in with my hairdresser who's awesome
it's called fail is really really good
right the boss has been ready for like
10 minutes now donuts record I'm gonna
go jump in it with Emma Watson can I
take the dealer in the bar Oh busy is it
water pretty hot so I'm going to made a
waterproof pillow around the bar from
Emma Watson we're in town now guys hair
update we're on the way to the
hairdresser's are you nervous
you nervous they're just going to chop
it straight here at the top Oh Zoe is
the only person that said to her earlier
I've ever known to go to the
hairdresser's and stoever hair to go to
the hairdresser's like because the last
time you can do it when I go to the
hairdresser that doesn't that's the
drawing paste my mom was telling me
about
and whenever I go to the hairdresser's I
turn up like the most disgusting hair
we're like gel in it from the day before
and then good because they wash it every
time so I'm just like yeah you guys are
gonna wash it there was no point in
watching it was there they're like of
course not all my hat's about fall off
that you know last is now we have so we
still get a haircut guys but you're
quitting i'ma grab a blue Verde a
bluebird tea company drink just from
here and the hair is complete look at it
guys I think it honestly looks so much
better I don't know
doesn't it is it light is it weird like
moving it now there's like nothing it's
not that well I like it like a lot and I
just got a tee as I said and then we
also just got 2 GB K to have some lunch
which is literally opposite like that's
where the headdresses is and this is
rather happy lunch
you guys know how much I love halloumi
this is literally chunks of halloumi
oh my gosh I've taken up a desk
chicken bacon and avocado all in a
burger and there's some skinny fries got
it married it and of course my feeling
is doctor well you've already had a
heart your burger where you go and we
got these cups the verdant if you've
seen them in the house or not they're
really really awesome oh that's nice
is it really heavy yeah yeah it's really
nice I like this mobile here
Ola hi oh they won sweet you okay I'll
buy you all right are you buying that
wait
hello yeah
yo yo yo yo don't have a clue there last
time I blog do you know do you know now
you don't know either
um we're back now all so guys let's show
you this just something wait a minute
let me tell my muse down quickly quickly
before I get copyright complain not
allowed blaring people's music maybe
it's gone
whoo I'm safe don't worry somebody sent
Zoe these earlier but three or four of
these don't know what like scented black
toilet paper
I just don't know if I can ever use
black toilet paper that'd just be weird
wouldn't there um right I just got this
in the post I'm gonna stand on it so you
can't see the address just got this in
the post guys which is like an awesome
baby slash dog guard like a gate thing
so I can put at the bottom of the stairs
over there so that because at the moment
whenever we're having these drawers and
all the runs out and so we're trying to
turn they're not to run straight out and
just to be chilled when the doors there
and so we've got like a little gate
thing for the bottom of the stairs so
I'm now going to put that up I was going
to do some arty time-lapse but I've been
filming for literally like 12 minutes
and I still can't work out how to get
any further than that so I'm just gonna
cut the camera
and you'll see hopefully in like ten
minutes well that's probably gonna take
me bloomin ages right I finally finished
guys it took me about another five
minutes after I cut that video and I
haven't put it like securely like it's
proper meant to be because I'm not sure
how Zoe wants there so from now I've
just put it like on the bottom of the
stairs like that and then I can just
come over here and slide this and then I
go in but now that you can't go up there
but it's good because it means that now
I can now go like out this door and out
that door and stuff but she can't go
upstairs time to chill now guys I just
made more didn't make myself I keep on
saying make I didn't make myself I just
put in the microwave
another lasagne the looks disgusting but
it tastes so good it's from M&S
and it takes like three and a half
minutes to make or to put in the
microwave to heat and it's so tasty
Nala you know you're not allowed up your
voice for eating come on know that did
you know that and then I've also got a
little bottle of water and then I'm
watching someone change minecraft videos
he plays hunger games I really want to
play minecraft hunger games it looks so
good right I need to get eating so I'm
so hungry and it smells delicious
all of a sudden guys and I'm not quite
sure why I just I just thought about
eating healthy and why I don't do it and
I was basically looking online on tumblr
pictures of people now so oh my gosh
that guy's body is literally insane like
I want my body to look like him and then
I thought why don't I like realistically
why don't I eat healthy and and it got
me thinking it got me thinking obviously
it's very hard because you see things
like chocolate and stuff and I'm like
yeah I want I want to eat that so I'm
going to eat I don't really care but
they're not going to think why don't I
care and I mean I'm never gonna be like
no kind of chocolate I kind of a pudding
but I want to just see it more as like
how should I put it I want to see it
more as like something to look forward
to something special matter okay now
I've like earned this kind of thing I've
like earn being able to eat the
chocolate not just chocolate any
anything that's like not particularly
great for you and I've been thinking
what is it that makes me not care at the
moment and what it is for me I've come
to realize is that because I don't work
out that's for many reasons because I
can't be bothered to like walk to the
gym because I don't drive at the moment
and get in taxis would be too expensive
or I can go with my friends but I have
to go at the same time as they're
available but anyways that's just
another excuse because I don't work out
eating healthy I won't directly like yes
I will feel better and but I won't
directly see a difference if that makes
sense like I don't want to lose weight
so I'm not going to see a difference
there so I think what it is is that if I
start working out and I'm trying to make
a difference in my body then I'm going
to eat healthy to try and make that
difference
even more visible kind of thing and I
know what I'm like I know I'm like this
could literally be the one time I ever
think like this and then tomorrow wake
up me like no I don't want to work out I
just want to eat chocolate all day
everyday and pizza and stuff and yeah
I'm still gonna eat those foods I still
want to but I do properly want to try
and start being healthier like today I
had like some ridiculously healthy tea
drink as you saw earlier and I've been
making a lot smoothies recently
obviously stuff like that lasagna
tonight wasn't great but it's not like a
pizza it's not like really bad for me um
yeah so I wanna start cooking more I
want to start making better foods I want
to start eating better food you want to
start working out and now having Nala
my life is more like now it's ten
minutes past eleven nollans over both in
bed and I'm I'm getting tired which is
changed because I used to always go to
bed at like earliest would be two
o'clock maybe three o'clock in the
morning so yeah I'm getting a lot better
at going to sleep earlier obviously I'm
waking up way early and you guys can see
that from having Nala and I'm getting
more like a structure to my life which
is really really good I think it's
really really positive for me I ordered
a load of gym stuff the other day off of
Amazon and it all arrived today and
yesterday so I put on some gym clothes
as you can see I'm wearing a vest and
mmm and then I also got my gym shorts on
so I've got like a new map dye bought
which is quite thick because whenever I
used to do press ups and sorry not press
ups whenever I used to do sit-ups I used
to always like my tailbone up and all
that's called this bone here used to
always rub on the carpet not get carpet
burn on my back or just hurt on the
floor so I bought that so I can do some
good it's really soft it's really nice
and sit ups got some weight chopper -
these aren't new I've had these for a
while and then I got these as you saw in
the other daily vlog which you like for
push-ups and stuff and but yeah Jim
never over my friend max are also do
some cardio on the running machine for
like 20 minutes which was
really really cool because I absolutely
hate cardio but we did like fast walking
for 20 minutes or I said when maybe you
did half an hour I don't know it was
like incline fast walking path now so it
wasn't jogging because I don't know I
wanna again I want to have like an
incentive I wanted one to do it and if
somebody was after let's go to the gym
and job for an hour that that just
doesn't work for me that's not what I
want to do I'd rather go to the gym do a
load of weights and do a little bit of
cardio like some incline like fast walk
in and then put a target heart rate and
then just make sure I hit that for a
certain amount of time but yeah I just
thought I'd let you know that I'm
feeling pretty good at the moment really
good in fact I'm gonna in the blood
thank you so much for watching today
guys
if you enjoyed it give it a big old
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
morning get that guy's I love you all
all are you ready to high-five me oh my
gosh guys I said I wasn't going to vlog
anymore and I said I've been Abed but I
am absolutely knackered and now I'm like
boiling and sweating and I don't feel
like getting into bed
I just really hoping that my bets cold I
was old enough to have a cold shower
right I've had a seat now good night
guys I love you
