good morning guys it's ten minutes past
seven but knowledge woke it up and she
ain't poo and a wee I have just been
outside I just looked outside and
there's snow so this is going to be our
first experience with snow so I thought
I'd film it what's that no that was it
o-o big stretchy no what is that oh my
gosh Nola's currently trying to catch
the snow out of the air she's gone out
of the sky as it's falling come on and
three hours later guys oh my gosh
I'm so tired right for the last three
hours and I didn't film it because it
was boring as hell for you guys and also
just loads of boxers and pants and
boring and sorting basically I've put
all of my clothes inside here so I've
now got my boxers and socks I was like
what is that actually for a second then
I've got my favorite t-shirts there got
my second favorite t-shirt now got hats
and bandanas and scarfs and socks and no
not socks gloves and then here did a
door I've got vests sleeveless t-shirts
jumpers hoodies shirts formal shirts
jackets and like Blazers and then coats
and I've got shoes up there got more
shoes down here and then shorts jeans
jeans and then like pajama bottoms gym
shorts swimming shorts and stuff like
that oh my gosh I can't even tell you
how long that took all I did I just told
you is that three hours of that annoys
me no get it nope get inside there we go
gig yeah not a lot you'll be in such a
good little girl huh yeah oh little
shaky shaky a little shaky shaky trust
me guys walking the dog when it's
blooming in fact this morning when I
woke up oh wait you saw it in the video
sorry this morning it was snowing when I
woke up and now I've got all my friends
pulled back so I've got the biggest spam
ten head in the world
and it is blooming freezing I'm telling
you shouldn't have walked the dog with
my fringe back the park we made it to
the bird she's been a nutter
I wish I bought her long lead I'm sorry
baby
and he bought your short lead we've got
one of those extendable leads so they
can run like 20 foot or something wish I
bought one of them so that she could run
around more cuz she can't really go very
far in the end of this can she now I
mean she could still have fun I was
still at the park and that's bloomin
like that's not the best thing for a dog
now so the most exciting thing possible
was being at the park
go on go on what can you smell what can
you smell go on yes what is it what is
it
oh my blooming gosh it's another dog we
finished up not a super long walk and I
just realized that I haven't had lunch
yet and it is I don't know I'm trying to
show you the clock from that far away
five minutes past 5:00 and I haven't had
lunch that's not good that's really not
good so just couldn't make him some
pizza breads and then worse wasn't gonna
like clicker and ham smoothie that was
it it's gonna mix meat the also guys
tonight another thing that I'm not gonna
film it's always ending up like this at
the moment I promise you it won't be
like this rapper it's not a six o'clock
which is pretty damn soon we have got
our first puppy training class at my
parents house but it's weird because
they said don't bring the puppies yes
like no it's basically us learning or
asking questions and having tips on how
to look after the puppy because I know
that we're never to your puppy lessons
and suffer that our puppy classes they
don't train your dog that you have to
turn your own dog but I thought the dogs
would at least be there but she was like
now I understand what they're gonna be
like two pugs brother and sister I know
what they're gonna be like I don't need
to meet them for the first lesson so the
first session today is at my parents
house obviously I'm not going to film it
just randomly sit-down film this dog
trainer so it's basically we can ask her
any questions that we've ever wanted to
know the answers to about them all when
they do this do we do this when we're
trying to teach them how to sit at the
road like not to cross the road about
sitting and waiting for us do we do this
and not all the questions are so it's
going to really really
or really really good I'll update you
later what it's like but just for now
I'm going to quickly make another
smoothie and oh I support it these look
at the toaster have a little sandwich
toasty thing it was so helpful like I
can't even describe like but I mean
Allah wasn't there but buzz was there
whilst we were chatting to the woman and
even just buzz being there what we're
doing things that the woman was set
what's beeping Zoe something it's going
off is it your pasta even and the woman
being there and helping us with buzz
whilst he was there like within the two
hours that we were with the woman he is
already like a different dog like so
much better yes we've been given some
homework to welcome with Nala just
things like walking down the road how to
keep her next to us things like eating a
specific time so that she goes to the
toilet at specific time so that she
doesn't wake up earlier in the morning
lows and stuff we're basically custom I
put him meeting other dogs are basically
customizing her to fit our lives our
lifestyles rather than our lifestyles
fitting her which is what's happening in
the moment which is why it's so hard to
do things for the videos and go out or
get daily blogs done because I'm like
playing and looking off to her and
making sure she's okay and obviously
we're still going to be doing all of
that but she needs to fit our lifestyles
not a spit hurts this is one thing that
I just had an issue with I love this I
just made a little lasagna I didn't make
it I heat it up a little lasagna how do
I get this out of there and onto my
plate without just tipping it upside
down and making them look like mess does
anyone know in the comments right I'm
going to show you what I normally do
okay like this I don't know how men do
this right burning myself with one hand
I normally do this
ah oh wow the bottom layer is still
stuck in there anyways I do that kind of
thing but then must be off and now my
vegetables are done there must be a way
of doing it where it keeps up white
still looks tasty because now it just
doesn't look as good does it
no my little vegetables got my medium
looking dinner because this bit looks
all sloppy now whilst editing the daily
vlog and it's a bit late so sorry
yesterday about the vlog going up late
it's just bizarre that puppy training
and I didn't have time during the day to
edit the video because I've just been in
a trillion little jobs again but it went
up oh it's about to go up and just
editing it now I'm about halfway through
my finish it's in the den vlog and it's
now uploading just over there and I just
got a little the Navi a dark chocolate a
dark chocolate banoffee have you had one
before I've never had this flavour one
before and I'm just gonna sit down and
watch some TV doing this one I'll go get
another one
I'm just gonna sit down go watch TV was
over bit it's ten o'clock and evening so
I'm gonna end the vlog here a little bit
early tonight because I want to just
chill watching TV so thanks for watching
today if you enjoyed it give it a thumbs
up as usual let's try and get guys my
cameraman that joins let's try to get
thirty five thousand thumbs up I see two
more I love you so much goodnight
