give morning guys it's literally right
let me show you oh my gosh my eyes are
watering let me show you the time focus
736 you've had a breakfast
yeah better breakfast gun then go see
mommy gun then I don't even know what to
say I'm just tired
oh no it's already fallen asleep guys
she literally looks like a little
sausage nothing she doesn't have any
shape to her she's just like she's just
a little buggy and a TV still not
working I don't know if I told you the
other day I don't even broken for like a
week now yeah but that was yesterday and
the day before Steve's here every day
somehow I just wake up and he's already
downstairs yeah probably like a week ago
or something but look what we got on
there Zoe's uses some technology to play
youtube videos from her laptop onto the
TV you can like make playlists and Q's
and stuff like that I don't know so now
it's leaving role in all of the
old-school secona Joanie's videos
everything you know they've been
blogging for five years
yeah but I've got to you three because
I'm launching them really actually I
like what's like be in the wrong stuff
like I want member watching I literally
remember the day I watched Amelia being
born and a couple after that and then my
life I missed it boom she'll catch on oh
yeah am I gonna get in the shower you
know it's only eight seventeen month
eeling good I just had some chocolate
cereal
wait what zero do we buy it's like my
favorite cereal ever guys it's kind of
11 o'clock now and I still haven't got
up and had a shower I fell asleep on the
same for like two hours so he's still
just as always looking at holiday
pictures from last year and we're all at
hand and we like having lunch on the B
and I want to go back now
and then we've got a group whatsapp like
me
me my sister Zoe my sister's boyfriend
my mom and my dad and Zoe putting loads
of pictures from when we went on a
family holiday together and it was
posted in it like no I want to go back
everyone's working now again I want to
beat and that's the one of the pictures
or whereas I want to show you after
knowing my phone is papi is so sad in
the picture is in same a month yes she's
been traveling like properly for like
six months and then come back it's crazy
but it's the pictures of the food that's
getting me a delicious fresh food though
the breakfast and he's me yeah the
calamari and here's me in like Coco Pops
you sit on my head you sitting on my
head
guys we've decided to just have a lazy
day instead and just spend the whole day
more or less in bed we yeah yeah yeah
we're still doing we've got I've got
where's my nest
I have Austin I'm ever on the sofa not
is even joining us the whole day on the
save that mean your little chicken and
still watching the scone you Julie's
just left it unlike a playlist on the TV
what was it gonna say do you love it
when your memory card runs out of
storage basically I was saying that last
night we broke out in here like a little
book everything that we need to do today
which is basically a day for the jobs
you know the jobs that you just don't
want to do today and then but we're
gonna do it on the sofa so this is just
oh wait that's the wrong page this is
just some of them ring the doctor's ring
The Electrician ring the hairdresser
ring the Builder email John Lewis pay
council tax cancel bTW internet though
we pay for that we don't use basically a
day full of those little jobs that
oh yes the oven finally stopped be been
also making lunch at the same time
wait let's go and see just can't see how
my lunch is getting on making a little
pie ah it's going good now I need to add
in some of these smooth and cheesy
smooth and cheesy I where's one of those
little things what these called then I
doesn't matter there we go now you guys
jump in there for another 15 minutes
we work oh no personal one or nearly yo
perfect so today guys I've got these
push up things they're basically I
ordered them off Amazon like a couple of
days ago it's basically you do a push up
and you turn as you do your push up I
don't know they're quite cool but what I
like to do on them instead is do this
you stand on it and you can swim you can
spin round I mean I did by before the
spinning purpose I bought them to do
push ups on but just fought about that
that's quite cool isn't it
Oster bought myself a new toothbrush
have you interested probably not
I'll go back to getting all my jobs oh
my gosh this looks amazing and look how
soft this is
oh yes just got back from the doctor's
because I had snot like weird pain in my
stomach recently I haven't told you guys
because it doesn't really matter that
much it's just some weird pain in my
stomach when I was eating so I've been
prescribed some antibiotics don't have a
clue what it's called the man just gave
it to me
and also wait how can I show you this
hmm had look at a blood test I mean I
don't know I'm saying that like I've got
a rare Pokemon I'd look look what I got
yeah that was called in hurt oh I was
like oh no this is gonna be painful this
is gonna hurt but it wasn't it was
absolutely fine I didn't to be honest
the guy said can you just hold this for
a second for me which was like the bit
of like cotton wool to keep it in case
it bled afterwards like yeah and I'm
still looking away right no you do
realize it's finished shows oh okay
they're stopping up those antibiotics
tomorrow and then that should go it's
just little pain in my stomach but right
now I've got a load of washing up to do
which I'm looking forward to which is
weird but I like doing the washing up
got some rubbish to take out to them I
was going to say the trashcan that is
the most American thing I've ever nearly
said in my life take the rubbish out to
the bin and then I'm also going to make
a smoothie
I mean it's ten minutes to seven so I
need to start thinking about dinner soon
but not only that hungry I don't really
know what to make all those burgers
topped with cheese and onion melt the
Zoey bought look bloomin good maybe I
can make a burger
I dunno we'll see your ID I'm gonna have
a smoothie first
every single time I forget to put item
in there and then I'd end up with a warm
smoothie that's not what you want
time for the taste test
this one looks so I think this may be
the best one I've ever made because it
look at the consistency it's more watery
than normal which is good
normally I end up with a really thick oh
my gosh that is literally delicious just
editing yesterday's daily vlog
yesterday's daily blog daily vlog daily
vlog 35 minutes until Matt chickens
cooked I think we went eight not on the
walk washed the chickens cooking because
it takes 35 minutes so if I take not on
the walk for like 25 minutes and then I
come back and it'll be perfect time and
stop my pasta let's go look how big her
shadow looks it's much bigger than her
oh oh yes yes come on mom
I just went to get some cheese out of
our cheese drawer and look at this
mozzarella what the why is it like this
I feel like it's gonna explode all my
gosh this is anyone ever look at it is
there no never had them what surrender
like that before that is in saying I
think I may have found the reason why
guys look at the expiry date is it or
like the best eat by date literally like
two months ago
how was that stayed no fridge without us
realizing and if throw this away
yo that look delicious yes and my dinner
is complete are you ready
I'm really happy of this is quite big
portion but I'm happy so here we have
tomato wholemeal pasta with cheese here
we have a little side ice a little two
chicken breasts with bacon or like Parma
ham asparagus and something else I'm not
sure what was in there I think it was
like garlic butter and of course I've
got some like I've being a kind of drink
I don't know what it is something like
that but look at this the cheese is all
melted it's looking delicious and two
chicken breasts my guys just got a Skype
chat to a couple of friends and I
remember that the other day or born
McFlurry and I got one spoonful or like
scoop or portion of everything put
inside it which is the absolute best
also I'm wearing this thing on my head
because my fridge is like that perfect
let me know just to hit me in the eye
and it's so annoying so whenever I'm on
my computer and stuff I just worked my
hair back like this looks ridiculous but
yeah it's been in the freezer it's not
two days now and there's only 11 o'clock
on the dot literally 11 o'clock on the
dot and but I'm so tired and Zoey super
tides I think she's actually she's
asleep on the sofa over there with Nala
so
I'm gonna put on its bed now and I'm
gonna go to sleep beneath the map
flourish in bed so I'm gonna end my vlog
here guys thank you so much for watching
today if you enjoyed it you know what do
I have missed broadchurch tonight so did
Sully how did that happen I was so
excited for earlier
well the guinea pigs are my name okay
I'm gonna come and give you some food in
a second okay okay
oh no okay remind me if I forget which I
can't forget I know Zoey went when she
wakes up to watch broadchurch tomorrow
tweet me yeah so I'm gonna end the vlog
thank you so much watching today as
usual you know what to do if you enjoyed
it give it a big old thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow
tomorrow good night guys I love you
