good morning guys
again like usual it's not the morning
but but that's because I didn't wake up
in the morning I woke up at 12 p.m.
today work over lunch time which was the
first time I've ever woken up that late
since we've had Nala Zoey let me have a
massive lie in because she slept more
last night the night I woulda been at 4
o'clock 4 o'clock in the end and she
fell asleep super early
what would them to do what we got to do
what all got caught in a t-shirt that's
all good today I'm glad film my today's
main channel video which I'm super
excited about if you didn't guess from
yesterday right this would he burn up
this is going up the day after my main
channel videos going up you would have
already seen it there's no point even
trying to say guess yesterday for you
guys which I haven't filmed yet today I
uploaded trying American candy so I
bought tons of American candy or like
sweets or chocolate or whatever it's
called and drink some fizzy drinks and
everything like that that you guys in
America
just drink casually like the normal
thing that I've never tried before so I
thought I would like loads of people who
do not YouTube at the moment and tons of
you're telling me to do it so I thought
yesterday if you haven't already seen it
links down below and a video where I try
American candy for the first time which
it's going to be awesome I'm super
excited to film it so I need to get a
t-shirt on and get filming
I got my coffee and now it is time to
film this is my setup just tired adore
the room here is my light and my camera
and here all of the Suites that I bought
I definitely didn't just film about 10
minutes of my video luckily I didn't eat
any of the sweets yet but I've been
filming for about 10-15 minutes and I
realize I didn't have my microphone
plugged in so now I've got to get this
work in and plug it in clearing up the
aftermath guys there are sweets and
candy and chocolate and drinks and
tongue what they called Twinkies all
over the floor literally when everywhere
so many their packets are opened they
just fired everywhere I didn't know that
they do that right that was good that
was fun so many tasty sweet but also so
many sugary sweets not there there was
one that went over here some on the
floor and I don't want knowledge eat it
I heard it rolling there you are
I see you and so many sweets in America
or ones that I ate anyway so sugary a
good literally fell on my tea for gonna
fall out eating some of them it was
crazy
right I need to get editing this videos
oh he's also in the front room of Nala
Edson her new video guys really
literally just Alba Ned oh wait I
haven't even told you that Steve's here
yet so last night you didn't end up
saying over he left at like 3:00 in the
morning you would have seen yesterday's
video
actually no I ended it before he left
Steve left at like 3:00 in the morning
got back at 4:00 I was like finally
thank god he's gone
and he's back already an election in the
other room as well he was just editing a
video because the thumbnail look at it
look at this guys look at that word I'm
so scared about putting this video out
I'm so nervous
it's already up by the time you're
watching this guys go check it out Oh 14
minutes till it goes live so now that's
bro yo I just put a new video up now
Zoey's just finished editing she's
uploading right now her new video oh I
also need to edit the daily vlog um and
done it yet 8 o'clock in the evening man
we need to eat I'm
I've only had lunch I didn't have
breakfast i luncheon and no Ivan adeney
at 8 o'clock and that breath because
we've all been like jelly jelly we're
uploading and going crazy of filming
today and also bay and blue those dogs
now three dogs yo literally bomb right
I'm gonna go walk in here okay the steam
quiet stay still is that wall commander
circles because he's so excited /
nervous bones Dave
sit down man you excited yeah Steve's
videos just gonna live or Steve
ambidextrous videos just go live and
we're gonna watch it on the big TV are
you guys nervous I'm so that's I just
hope people like it it's obviously what
I've already lit just like right go sit
down
don't even go any popcorn you didn't
even bring you didn't even record
what's that little with something about
my top left though yeah with me I'm
smoking
wait that sounds good that sounds so
good guys we ought to go and get some
food whenever I'm with you now we get
takeaway what do you mean this is where
I get will blend this on the gals yeah
why do I see your seems like they in
Bombay almost paid that's how I Drive
you're laying down right we're off to go
and get some peace although it's the
healthiest pizza place you can go to
school Pizza no extra no I got that's
the lease elders place to go it's good a
bad night energy what's it go on pills a
nice piece of ice here all great their
piece of pilgrim in London amazing again
techniques evasive writer right let's go
if we can ever get my car to defrost
look good a oh my gosh I hope it snows
tonight I hope this I love snow I really
want it so guys my wind they won't even
go down too much ice on earth that later
net oh you just smashed my window yo man
oh my gosh my heat up my torch haha I'm
heating it up Stephen the lecture have
gone now guys it was super super nice
getting to hang out with them and also
so exciting that Steve just person gauge
menteur Steven Alex I suppose it's just
on his channel their engagement a video
up which was crazy like such such a
sweet video so I leave a link down below
to check it out means I we also both put
new videos on my main channels live
tonight and of course yesterday's daily
vlog but now about jumping the bath
together
I'm so tired it's currently like 20 past
11:00 or something it's just been a long
day of filming and editing but also I
don't know if I film the other if the
film do the dogs I'm trying to think but
looking after three dogs than two of
them being puppies all day is long and
hard work I assure you
right I'm gonna go jump in the bath
alright guys I just get out at the bath
and I'm just about to get tucked up into
bed thank you so much for watching today
thanks for all the support in the new
video it is
crazy Welsh collect 68,000 thumbs-up so
far which is just insane and hope you
all enjoyed yesterday's daily vlog if
you enjoyed this one give it a thumbs up
got my thumbs up I don't even know if
you can see me I'll see you tomorrow can
that guys love you
