good morning guys it's not even 8
o'clock yet oh I'm so tired
but I've got to get up because I wanted
to be a productive day I wanna make
these rugs better for you and I want to
vlog the whole day so let's do it guys
oh my gosh it's Saturday and I'm up
before 8:00 I feel dizzy whoa hey hey
hey wait
no I get so hyper in the morning when
people come down hey hey hey are you
gonna go to walk with mommy hey hey this
is poisonous boy you look like a crazy
lady are you gonna go on a walk with
mommy a cute little belly at first I was
like what is this Jim will love that I
know I didn't even think about dogs
having careers we flip back here we go
goodbye have fun Mall up and dress guys
dress for the Arctic really really thick
clover just realized I'm done the
washing up for the last couple of days
but but about that don't worry
because that's my new favorite hobby in
the washing up right we're off to town
now it is 20 minutes or nearly 20
minutes to 10 penguin-san Zoe a load of
Christmas presents I as in penguin the
book publishers and we just went to pick
up one of them that we've missed until
now
it's literally like mid-january but look
how cool it is it's too like real
Nutella pots but they put our names on
them look how quiet town is but this is
normally town this town Brighton
it's coming like I go down lit having no
idea we're doing III don't know that
song it's so quiet like look why is
nobody in town I'm so everything's open
it's Saturday morning it's not even the
morning tree honest it's 11 o'clock
kandisha neck and head but their aim is
to buy American sweets nips yeah
what flavor did you get coffee coffee
and caramel ones coffee in one caramel
is that their names right America what
is that that's my favorite one who else
what are you trying to watch Aziz no
they look like candy crush I've never
had better in my life everyone gets me a
little probably no I look should I get
some yeah this guy's owner that chewy
ones no no what up here okay I get some
of these here we go
this is American Twinkies I've never had
a Twinkie have you ever had a Twinkie
yep zoey is obsession pop-tarts medic
oh look at this look at these cokes I'm
going to go for some some rustlers what
the hell what's a rasler you seen
anything it's a LEGO pieces I think I
got a bit too many drinks ago hot
chocolate
oh my gosh got a latte hi guys I do this
all the time I got the wrong water I
don't like smart water and I picked up
the wrong one okay I bought these my dad
works for farmers and then if I ever
showed you some wooden trees from here
don't quite know why this is I really
like that oh I like that one
can I get this one you get that one
should we do it you should put them in
our bedroom what above you one above me
won't the bed really should we do it
yeah I really like them
another fun ya know I like all the like
noise in the background like the Lions
oh really
that's sick oh you guys know I love a
good quote this shop is the one for
quotes like it's awesome guys this is
the point where I get dragged Brown
shopping we're now close shop in Topshop
this is like when I was younger my
sister eulah Alfie let's go to town I'm
like okay not realizing that it would
literally be me carrying around her
clothes for like three hours okay
that was the most successful shop I
don't want shelter please say go ahead
Benson I mean please say you don't have
headphones in then i'ma never did and
that was super super successful we got
if you conceal the back did you see that
oh there were some viewers it just story
made me jump
super super productive guys so good I'm
more awake now as well
earlier on I literally felt like death
okay sorry
he does when there's anything slightly
wrong I'm so I'm so once the glasses are
years wearing a seatbelt looks like
she's knocked it's tucked into her coat
it is that don't worry I was like guys I
I'm so sure warning and says he says I
do feel every morning I think it's just
cooking I know it's not know I think
I've got something wrong with me where I
need more sleep than an average person
and having to wake up early for Nala
isn't helping that um you'll get you
that I had a coffee I think I'm getting
addicted to coffee I don't think that's
a good thing but it helps me wake up
behind a coffee and now I'm like and
they'll get I know I know it doesn't I
was gonna buy toothbrush wasn't I but
then I mean there was a toothbrush guys
that was like stupid money like so
expensive but I wanted it in Boots and
then I was like I'm just going to google
it just on Amazon see how much cheaper
is it was like one third of the price it
was so much cheap on Amazon so I'm
checking order tonight cool you really
cared about my toothbrush story I see
what we got and all of the washing up is
done gone and we have been here for ages
now ages just chillin on the sofa
playing with Nala she is exhausted and
having a drink he's always been chasing
around the garden around the house and
where we done been on the phone Steve he
might be coming down later tonight which
is super exciting and now I don't think
I'm gonna film this level it's you even
playing like chase each other round
I don't think I'm going to film this
just because it's like family things and
their money on camera but we're off to
my mum and dad's now because my on to my
auntie is in fact and my mum's cousin
all decided to Brandon become today
and I didn't know I only just found out
so I'm like when you only come to see
you guys so we're gonna head over now
but they may not want to be on camera
understandably because it's not
everybody
someone from them but yeah that's what
we're gonna do now so let's go nice like
a it's a very bad like here move back
like three steps wait yeah I know but
I'm massive voice I got my hair back it
made like a little part of your head
shiny and then two parts not show me
that bit shiny yeah
McDonald's time guys we just finished up
at my parents and it was awesome really
really nice sketch of the family and see
my sister and Shawn were there as well
and now we're at McDonald's where'd you
get a snack though because Steve is on
his way
i'ma get of dinner Steve's just a snack
just when he's finally gone guys I
thought I was gonna have at least five
days or something without him coming to
my house he's back he's back
I don't mad my good man okay yeah I
think it's bad guys I know it's going I
like it
this is the longest has been in a long
time I like yeah good no because it's
true my dear man yeah yeah but I think
it's a bit like pushy in just a bit
messy your Bush though you don't Bush
man
hey Kirk I got my own let me try again
you started so like hip again I can know
this piano hey doesn't that say this is
you
that's it that's correct
I could be sitting here a
multi-millionaire my dad bought me a
lottery ticket earlier but if he bought
me it does that technically mean it's
his well yeah he owned it but he gave it
you then he gave it - what's up - you're
gonna give him money anyone you well no
no I win the millions then it's my time
moving country like never see you again
hi I don't even know how much is up
right I've got the lotto right first
number 29 no second number 37
no don't number 42 no voicex
got that one 7 no 49 no mate look at
that look 42 46 47 49 that's my ID 44 45
46 dad hadn't even win a million pounds
Oh imagine if I let you live on camera
just one 7 mil I probably would've
thrown my camera across the room guys
bye guys
it's currently 20 minutes past tea Zoey
Anala both still sleeping over'n they've
been asleep for ages man I thought she's
gonna wake up I like 5:00 in the morning
wide awake there's like no now because
then she can take Nala for a waiting
period before 4 days I didn't Millian oh
I'm gonna go to bed now Steve's drinking
a dr. pepper cuz I'm gonna drive home
tonight decided Steve was gonna stove
but Leah would have to leave a like 7
realistically in the morning to be able
to get home and it's already 20 plus 2
so it kind of like is the only point of
sleeper for five hours and waking up try
it when you can just go now and then
just chill
exactly that's been good man yeah
it's been awesome again as usual guys we
got to take away like too much take away
the worst ones yeah we got kabob as well
that's not one oh I don't know why we
did that and only this is you know it's
the same way with a or me you wonder
what it does I just man I just ordered
on Amazon like Fitness mat and a Russian
machine I read I did it I tried to order
a running machine the Steven let me also
so she turns up I must attend my way as
a running imagine if I was out the house
and she else only by the way she'd
probably go no that's not for us yeah
and then I'll be like what you do that's
one one in machine yeah I will do some
fitness stuff and Steve made me get a
takeaway know that Jake you guys are
good at the blog now if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up I will see you
tomorrow
take it up man good night guys
