I've had two proper late nights in a row
you had to wait for this to get are you
ready for Tricia go to where you get
dressed every day okay carried you away
I'd be sir like go to where the pink
flamingo is okay
we watch TV hid this one a little bit
what is that is this out oh my gosh
we've got the fire one with the elf on
have to find that I mean there's not
many places to hide stuff nice just in
the room I don't know I have to use your
new purchase
how did you do this yeah cool in a
minute ago UN oh you didn't make you
made it so easy didn't ya wasn't even a
clue it's blown off it's on the floor
you might want to keep them on I always
wear
look inside the gym oh my god was gonna
jump out there's a scary man in there no
I haven't even talked about mnsure
anyone yeah so these are brand new I got
all the so basically it's like a super
oldest 1991 but then I've had it all
done up so the carpets were brand-new
redone
the chairs are all from a newer model
ready for the don't go and show your mom
the gym that's why I came straight
downstairs as soon as you're doing that
the GM I was like no no no no more don't
the KN Troy but these are so those are
this is from a much newer one to all the
seats of our new and then I got all this
custom put in so you can plug your
iPhone into it so it matches it's the
retro one but all rewired so you can put
your iPhone into it this is soft top so
yeah so automatic I drove it will last
night I had to go and pick it up that's
why if you went out last night when
you're asleep just got the car now we
just pulled over to try and fill it up
with some petrol took us a good 10
minutes to find out how to open this
little bad boy
it's a savage it is very very nippy
all right start out this is just
ridiculous Turkey like you would
normally does the doors open yes I've
been taught
he's always put in the new car Kiana
Keys I'm hearing that Jim got me that's
cool isn't it I mean might not fit in
your pocket but well needle you will
never lose them though at least when
they're in your handbag you just look
for the green dinosaur and then you're
like family keys is this your favorite
spot in the house guys Nalu is loving
her life
oh you're so nice and warm this your
paper at currently planning Christmas
dinner it's October the zone just in
case you're confused it's nice to be
prepared i mean i don't know what we
having for dinner tonight i dunno i
haven't been in of christmas just
looking out the back door and everything
yeah we're just popping out to wait
drones to going there food some sushi
are you gonna put it out so it's kinda
the task it's gonna be fitting three of
us in it is a four-seater it's literally
like a little toy car you have to watch
out bit pop-up got a nearly mini full
car go squish then I'm gonna try to put
some music on
yeah how's the drive going staring
scares me feels like it glides like it
slides like it's good you got like a
proper wheel in your hand like so thin
remember to lock it as well because
there's no like electric lock one thing
they've to think about is how much
shopping we buy because I don't know
where it's going to go ball so the
weight of it it might weigh the car down
a little bit that's why now we have to
lock with the doors with the key that's
what I'm talking about guys no salmon
avocado pot two packs of sushi and a
green juice
time to sit down edit the vlog and eat
ma sushi I'm so excited this is this is
the life sitting in bed editing the vlog
we're association and your girlfriend my
girlfriend do you like our oh my god I
just said to Alfie I'm really like
nervous because I don't remember like
seeing it and I was in so much shock my
hair looks so weird today
you looked underneath the thing when the
thing started going up you like and your
mom are you joking so much I thought I
couldn't say thank you quick enough but
I did say thank you and I gave my of
course like kiss and cuddle and but I
was in so much short we just went out
for a drive in there and it's not really
good I Drive I drove it last night I had
to drive oh I mean as you saw in the
blog drive it today I feel like I was
much more confident the way back
and tomorrow's meant to be so I'm tryna
so I made it my vlog wasn't chatting
because it's ordinary can't believe you
got me that without you noticing that's
like the amount of pictures that have
been on my phone
Zoe and I like share each other
everything on our phones or messages
everything like that so we're not very
like I don't really we don't check each
other stuff we don't check each other
like I'd like I'll me now if we can do
surprises for each other because
honestly we don't like I never look at
who he's texting I never look at his
photo role I just don't like why we
trust each other so there's no reason
for me to be snooping through his phone
but even like little things like you're
like yeah I went to see one in this
place no one to see we're not only one
embroidered because I went to the car
place to go look at another one guys
this is like the one that we got wasn't
the first one we tried to get this was
like the 56th one we tried to get but I
went to go view on in Brighton this one
was from Essex like a proper Nissan
Figaro place that does them in Essex
they were amazing like unbelievable get
the name of the company in that you guys
know and stuff but um
yeah I went to look at one in Brighton
like literally round the corner and I
walked in there and there's all three
members of staff in there were like oh
my gosh can we get pictures watch your
videos my kids love your videos my
sister loves your videos can I get a
video message and I was like no no no
guys no one's allowed to know I'm here
you know what you mean like no one can
know that I've come in here this is a
surprise tool is it for zoella and I was
like it is for Zola ends up the car
wasn't white of a super rusty and also I
hadn't had an MOT for three and a half
years but I could have got caught out by
them taking sneaky pics well they could
have like tweeted about it
yeah and hashtag does OLS surprise I
mean not the human coz oh he's always
searching if you ever want sorry to see
your message guys like hash tag zoella
surprise yeah Alfie was like the amount
of times I nearly showed you in my
camera roll yeah because it's like oh
can you send me those pictures of Nala
we talked and I'm like yeah cool open my
phone and it's opened on pictures of I
didn't see hi I'm too oblivious honestly
to oblivion yeah but obviously very
extravagant present for a five year
anniversary but also I wanna do
something special because I put so much
work into this house not I didn't put
work in as well a lot of work yeah into
the house and also I did say - Alfie his
birthday presents which I guess most
people don't know because you didn't
show the last present but how did your
last present birthday presents one more
than I normally would have done because
I knew it was so close to the
anniversary anyway so it doesn't like
all I did was buy Alethea caterpillar
cake and a sloth toy it's not about what
you spend is it about the idea
I know but also a sloth toy I haven't
even shown the most lots of toys oh he
bought me and I can cuddly slop for our
anniversary
it's like Alfie and I can leave it and
you bought yourself a flamingo
it's an Austrian an ostrich and
ostriches open there's our eat that Nala
is like hates knowledge that I think I
love you as much because I know on our
anniversary I didn't buy you a car
that's true
shut up that'd be silly right normally
last year was a bunch of flowers you
know I mean like I did it under two
years before nah it was nothing we
didn't even realize we were on like
tours meeting you guys and we didn't
even tell one one of them we were on
stage and we're like let's not tell
anyone we just didn't tell anyone but we
also some years we also go oh oh wow
yeah so I feel like it was only really
last year that we did an anniversary
we've got each other a card and you put
me some flowers so this year I was like
I mean we're going to acknowledge it's
our anniversary you brought each other a
nice card maybe get a little like jokey
present I thought our caterpillar would
be nice I did not think you would ramp
it up that much did you like the
treasure hunt I did that was my favorite
that was so let I'm like on cloud nine
good but I need to edit my vlog
pare levy any sushi live minute today
has just been one of those days there
disappears like this got two hours ago
that I was waking up but the definitely
water I was so good at waiting
check this don't think again I tend to
try and be quite strict of myself about
working on the weekends obviously that
doesn't include a bunch of my work
making videos because this daily thing
is every single day editing videos is
just every single day um I'm happy to do
all of this in the weekend I just tend
not to do like emails and meetings and
stuff like that but Zoey in Tracy I
currently charleon Zoey's office room so
I thought it's a perfect little little
moment whilst everyone else is busy to
pop over to the office and crack on with
a couple of emails and stuff and I've
just been sorting out some things to do
my newest blog randomly I don't know why
I thought YouTube trying to fix it and
I've also got my MCM my network trying
to fix there just
my newest love got demonetized instantly
she was up for like 10 seconds literally
not even tend to like as soon as I saw
her my new video got stripped from
monetization so there's no adverts on it
and it means that I don't earn anything
from that video which is fine if it's
like a one-off video but I don't want
that to become a regular thing and the
video hasn't got any swearing in it
nothing at all that is even like you
guys know these videos I don't do that
kind of thing so there's no reason why
my IBD monetized I don't know trying to
sort out at the moment though he's just
called me Oh
pitchblack let me know your service just
called me and said there dinner's ready
tonight for dinner we've got jacket
potato tuna mayonnaise cottage cheese
with a comfort food get away don't come
in my house
wait go away go away look Blumenau we
didn't update anybody yet on the Black
Widow folks Black Widow situation people
have been commenting today so the other
day peeps on the vlog we had a folks
Black Widow in the kitchen which is
dangerous because it bites you it can
cause like swelling and stuff if it bit
nada it can kill her I was emailing a
spider what is she parking that mister
you coming up kick your butt him turn a
treat I was emailing a spider specialist
that is a real thing like actually was
it sounds crazy and I was just getting
some tips and tricks and stuff but a
couple of days later was it two days ago
you a marker in the kitchen yesterday
and they saw the folks Black Widow we
hope it's the same one anyway and ma
cubed up I'm doing yeah okay I'll insert
it now
it's not a must be embassy
yah that's big to me today just don't
lose it because the minute you move that
bag it's gonna go no no we'll get it I
can't stand on the ground I've got a
real fear of these now just lift up the
bag
oh god it's gone in it's going in my
jumper please don't lose it can I just
do it I'm scared you're gonna do it
I'd love you to do it go go go go drop
the glass perfect leave it there is the
window open go and open the window all
right film it closely for reference this
is what was crawling up my neck and face
the other day at like this speed look at
it it's so quick Oh God and they always
come in twos so that was the other one
gone I'm not good just fell asleep on
the sofa I actually did really like it I
don't know what it was called what was
it good which is something which is
practical magic never had a bit before
so I put it on earlier from Amazon kind
of Netflix you know Amazon have like
films and programs and TV shows and
stuff like that on Amazon TV oh no I'm a
bit delirious I'm a bit all over the
place don't normally in my vlogs like
this I fell asleep on the sofa but a
couple of late nights in a row the last
clip before this was me having dinner I
had a delicious dinner and then just
fell asleep in the safe I think it's
because the fire is on it is just so
warm I'll say I'm just like probably
like you know something you have a
really busy week and you just stop for a
minute and all of a sudden you're like
it catches up with you like whoa yeah so
anyway I hope you enjoyed the blog and
the
i watching which Christmas oh my jaw she
literally got some the Santa Claus love
actually homelessness here it has always
given me here to anniversary cards for
me to read once more of a sexually
excited and I'm gonna have to sleep so
if you enjoyed the vlog give her a
thumbs up mum dad
papi like literally nobody knows about
the car sound Figaro yeah but right now
they don't like I haven't told anybody
the only people that know is people that
work with me and Zoe because I was there
to get Zoe's I insurance details than
that but that was all me knowing what's
the number on the back of your card I
don't even know all of that drive is
niacin yeah how did you get that out my
purse no it's just boys you know boys
little contacts so people can get that
stuff oh is it either like super Express
or is not Joe yeah I like it I like it's
probably John but I like that I like the
Grinch if you enjoyed the blog give it a
thumbs up if you're excited for us to go
tomorrow the day you're watching this to
go and show we're gonna go surprise
poppy and Sean with the car I'm and dad
with the car friends and like I just
can't wait for like Holly to see her
mark to see it and till I have drone
footage take the roof down drive through
the countryside with drone footage oh I
dunno
we're gonna drive that with the roof
down tomorrow that's sunny right yeah Oh
should we tell them to Mike look outside
I gotta say like imma meet us right at
the park or something I don't you'll see
tomorrow in the vlog give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it subscribe if
you're not already and I'll catch you
tomorrow
