good morning guys it is currently half
past one lunch time but I'm about I did
get up early this morning but I was just
so dead that even filming basically I
got back last night as you saw at like
let me sit down and we're just relax I
got back last night at like hot past 12
and then Zoe and I just ended up looking
at YouTube videos watching let
documentary kind of things from America
looking at like this the most random
stuff in the internet you know but you
just get stuck in the black hole that is
the internet and you stay in there and
you can't get out we did that last night
up until half-past three and then this
morning very very kindly made me so
happy
no I led decided to cry because you
needed the toilet which is fair enough
but she decided to cry at 6:55 so I had
to get up better 6:55 off to going to
bed at half-past three so I literally
got like three and a half hours sleep
maximum then I took her out for a
weigh-in Epona like a that's fine and
then she came back inside not expecting
her to go back to sleep and she went
crazy like so so hyper I can't even
describe so basically I like played with
her for like an hour and a half or
something and then she fell asleep on
the sofa with me so I did have more
sleep by going like three and a half
hours late last night and then I have to
sleep a little bit this morning I woke
up at like 11:00 or something like that
and then I've just been getting ready
and my mum's over now and Zoey
downstairs and we have got like five
million basically when you move house if
you've experienced it or not everything
you buy or not a specialist different
because Zoey and I moved in from having
no house before so a lot of the stuff we
have to buy to be able to fill the house
with things like cupboards and desks and
bedside tables and all of that so you
basically get ruit's ridiculous for a
dickless ridiculous amount of rubbish
ever as in like cardboard and packaging
and whenever I buy stuff off Amazon
which is quite a lot like I'll buy
things like I just bought a new camera
to fill my gaming videos just like a
specific gaming camera so it can record
for like as long as I want
so I've got on the boxes from that and
then a boxes from a new tripod for that
camera and then a new batteries for that
camera
basically between us we have literally
got like 30 or 40 bin liners for the
rubbish that has accumulated since like
Christmas Christmas time Christmas
presents but it's not rubbish as in like
food waste and that it's just cardboard
and like paper and but I don't even know
so it's too much to be able to take like
get the rubbish people to take away
because also you can't fit it in our we
bin so we've got my mum over because
she's got a seven-seater car and then
we're going to use my cars when we're
going to drive in like convoy and take
all of the rubbish that's all you know
I've got here in light as many short
goes as we can to a tip which is like
like a rubbish tip and the recycling
place which is like I don't know like 10
15 minutes away from here so basically
it's going to take quite a few hours to
do that because the cars are gonna get
filled quickly because we've got so much
but that is the main task for today it's
not a fun one for the blog but once
finished
oh my voice run through it village once
we're finished then I don't even know
what's going to happen Yelp although I
do want to test out my new gaming camera
because I'm trying to yet because I was
in London yesterday and it arrived run
so excited
anyways right let's get up let's go
taking rubbish to the tip also one of my
meetings yesterday was about book to the
pointless book - this here is more or
less book - kind of in notes and ideas
and brainstorming that me and the
publishers came up with yesterday so
that's like a rough first version of
book - I can't show you by whether it's
it's all in there I'm so bloomin excited
have you made a friend
have you made a friend good that's quite
a big friend Nala
that's that knowledge bigger than you
Nala hey bring her here bring her here
get kill our guys Disney found out that
we called a little pug Nala and they
sent us this Nala on the Lion King which
is really sweet of doubler it's
literally there we guys now sitting on
her it's bigger than her hey hey did I
get guys
is currently temp our 6:00 in the
evening
basically no we did finish Oh though
don't jump but me oh we did finish doing
all of the rubbish and take another set
to the tip it's not my pocket always
from my fan about two hours ago but
you're not allowed to film there which
is weird I don't get why I tried to vlog
it but they told me to turn my camera
off I don't get it literally just of
taking my rubbish - rubbish storage
place like disposal I don't know you
know I had to film in there so I
couldn't film it for you but not
particularly entertaining anyway taking
more restorative Oh where's oh he is I
completely forgot
Zoey just randomly she was on the phone
- Louise alien Louise's I'm staying in
London tonight those are oh man I
wouldn't come I've got hair in my mouth
and she said I want to come so Zoey has
gone to London tonight to stay in
Louise's stay in a hotel with Louise
still got here my mouth and spin Hotel
Louise and then nothing they're gonna go
for dinner together and have like a
girly night together
you're still going crazy you like this
Teddy don't you and you're gonna have
like every night together so I'm all by
myself tonight
I don't know to invite some friends over
or do some stuff or try and make some
more videos but it's the first time I've
ever ever and I led just might like no
I've had in order to myself when Zoe is
like gone out for meetings or gone to
town or met with a friend or something
but I've never like had her for I don't
know 10 hours by myself and then put her
to bed and their night so I've got to
put it to bed tonight and then do have I
myself tomorrow morning which is gonna
be a lot of work but Zoe did leave me
over the years there was more but I've
kind of eaten them look how big these
cookies are they're like the same recipe
as the ones that she normally cooks but
I don't think we had milk chocolate or
something like that so she used
different chocolate that's so delicious
so if you're watching thank you for
leaving me cookies why is she going to
London and leave me a little baby hey
does anyone else find it hard like when
you're super busy to remember to eat
sounds really weird but when I'm doing a
lot in the day or what not
not even normally when I do a lot when I
want to do a lot basically I want to do
so much stuff today and I did since this
morning you come down and I just forget
to eat I'm not oh my gosh I need to edit
this video and then I put off it and I'm
like okay I'm going to eat lunch after I
edit the video but then I put off
editing the video so therefore my lunch
goes back and I haven't even had lunch
and it's 10 past 6 so oh oh the guinea
pigs had that look at them running down
the stairs hey boys listen oh that's so
good right okay I'm gonna pick some
snacks and some dinner and then I'm
gonna make myself some dinner I think we
got some got some chicken breast in
there so it might make myself some lando
with chicken look who's here guys wait
who are you who are you my house and I
came round well it's actually let me let
me quickly show them it's quarter past
2:00 in the morning
goodnight kinda late at night you needed
me around because I'm what you what are
you fixing scared they're both guys
caught faster in the morning the last
time I've logged was some time before
6:00 p.m. I think because I was editing
the daily vlog with this memory card in
my iMac so yeah I'm logged in absolutely
ages even though it is 20 minutes past
2:00 in the morning Zoey is not here so
we've got a boys night in with two boys
there's only take we invited Steve and
Niki and Sammy but they all bailed on us
again reasons we all I didn't wipe so
we're going to about to order taxi now
to go to the casino why why not that's
the answer I don't know why I agreed to
this
I said to my friend max that I'd go to
the gym tomorrow lunchtime
why have I done that to myself why I got
asked the other day being serious by
like the London Marathon know if I want
to run them a London Marathon in like
two months I was a mmm I think you've
got the wrong person
give me it's the right person I'm very
sorry
yeah so I said I'm gonna go to the gym
tomorrow lunchtime it's currently
quarter past two I'm about to go to the
casino and I have to wake up in five and
out five hours 15 minutes finale'
I enjoy that that sounds so fun let's go
to the casino I don't know if I'm even
loved filming that my lads from the
casino probably not for real talk sure
yeah CheY loves his new toys I'm gonna
show them did you even see this who's
that
I met my Star Wars press I got Yoda on
them so he said that Nala looks like
Yoda when I is around she does boy don't
be saying that about my daughter a
rating out of 10 she's a good light in
9.3 I like knowledge she's a dog and you
don't really like dogs see this is the
thing this is the thing everyone who's
like like Gabi was like was it Gabi no
who was it somebody came over the other
day and they were like yeah I really
don't like dogs by like no other she's
sick she's a good dog she's cool
Jay please can you carry unfolding my
boxers faster right now but we've got
this much of my washing to put didn't
quickly go we're back now guys and the
time is quarter to four oh I've got to
be up in like three hours 45 minutes you
lower that the fun life because um I was
got some fish and chips we didn't get
fish all we didn't get you thank you for
watching today as usual don't even know
what it was a wife logged I hope you
enjoyed it if you did give it a thumbs
up I will literally see you actually I
don't know if I will vlog you know
certainly not three hours can say like
three or four hours but I would be so
tired so I don't even know if I'm gonna
remember to turn on my camera I'll see
you tomorrow good night guys
