good morning guys it is actually the
morning today I woke up at half past
seven half past seven now that's not
only for all of you watching this but
that is blooming early for me
what gives today sorry
normally this is how it works Zoey falls
asleep on the sofa at 10:00 p.m. and
then I put Nala to bed and take you out
for a poo in the evenings so therefore
because I did evening
Zoey normally wakes up at half past
seven and I ever not a lie until at half
past 9:00 and then she does not her in
the morning but Zoe's there Nala for the
last like four mornings in a row or
something like that so I said that I
would do this morning so that she could
have a lie-in and she did what time did
you wake up Zoey 10 past 10 10 past 10
and I got half past seven I did fall
back asleep on the sofa with Nala for a
bit so I did have another nap but I'm
awake now and it's all good and it's oh
I'm going to look about watching I have
it on my floor code isn't it where's the
time the time is 10:30
exactly exactly 10:30 and I've got a
dentist appointment at 10:45 so I need
to get going I am so excited for this
dentist's appointment I don't if I've
told you now I have told you baby I'm
getting this thing called Invisalign
guys no want you to like be there all
along the way to see the difference and
stuff and I think it takes like 18
months or something like that but I
don't mind because I just want basically
and don't say no if we don't do it
because I do want to do it guys and this
tooth here and this you here are quite
like wonky let the stick out in the
front teeth are quite like flour so I'm
getting these like Invisalign things and
this isn't sponsored this is not
sponsored did no whoring out there no I
can't train track uh-huh oh yes are they
similar
it was very tracks for a bit then he had
the Invisalign I don't know it's
basically like an invisible like you
know when you play rugby you have to it
one of those mouth guards it's like a
really fine thing one of those that's
like see-through and they see I put it
in and they're too excited to put in a
slightly different shape and it makes my
teeth move to that shape and two weeks
later bit another slightly different
shape one I'm going to have like loads
of
these all different shape leading up to
the shape that I want my teeth to be at
the end so today they are showing me in
a I have to pay something over in
America to do it it's also confusing and
they scan on my teeth and I looked or
the shape of them I should really get
going off to explain this but oh well
rid and basically today I'm seeing the
new 3d design of my new teeth what
they're going to look like at the end
and then they can tell me how many days
how many weeks how many months
everything it will take until it gets
that exact shape which is so cool so yet
today we're going to go see my new teeth
and this is a world aiming to go
I can show you like this this is where
you are now the problem is these two
teeth that happen in oh yeah yeah and
this one is rotated and little further
out and listen okay
and then this is what we aiming for
imagine like that okay this is where we
wanna go become amazing one thing you
just have to know that I get the teeth
aligned straight next to each other but
we don't change the shape of them okay
Alice it is your own teeth asleep in
future for example things alright
honestly dropping time I was going to
say we trying to be healthy we agree to
get one packet Chris page the other than
that we're going to be super healthy and
we're going to get loads of fruit to
make smoothies and juices and stuff oh
my gosh get all of them every single one
you like really resent you
I like rinse need all these will be good
in a smoothie because they're really
that strong flavor she would get some
like kale or something to make them
actually I know what I thought I've got
like green powder and stuff to make them
house
yeah guys this is what you want that's
what you want that is it wants to fool
enough into by then I didn't want to
straw
don't ask kind of squeezed into my mouth
we can share your straw do cuties did
you ever say that when you were a kid
mmm
is that an American word I swear I got
that the girls are the one with cooties
not boys yeah girls have cooties
it's funny when you say it in an English
accent cooties
yeah because when you said it cuties it
sounds like this ain't cute like you say
D instead of T but oh yeah they are so
beautiful
anyways once again set yeah my teeth so
basically what they're doing
I'm a super hair so sore about my hair
guys today umm should all one-hour hats
they're basically like pulling these two
middle ones forward so they're straight
like they're curved like they're meant
to be not that so they're not straight
pushing these two in and turning them
and then moving the bottom one somehow
as you saw in the video I don't know how
and basically it's because my bite is so
light I bite and you can't really see my
bottom teeth they're doing it so you can
see both all of both my teeth and
straightening them at the same I don't
know it's going to be cold let me know
the comments what you think it's gonna
take less than a year yeah it's gonna
take 50 weeks no one year one month
which is good I thought is cantare
eighteen months remember it won't be
like a year in a month and then you see
the difference you'll see the difference
gradually which is really really cool as
well we're now off to pets at home to
get some when my arm is aching so much
really when I have my braces off because
I had train tracks I didn't have
Invisalign because that wasn't around
when I had her braces um when you have
them on you don't really notice anything
and then when you getting taken off your
took my teeth felt like rubber yeah
everyone I remember people were like
licking their teeth and stuff like it
was let you like yeah that's what people
were doing and they felt so big like
massive teeth did you have like little
squares where the hell yeah and like no
no I didn't have squares cuz they
cleaned them afterwards that's what
we're the glue was I know how you get
stuff around yeah but it's just if you
had a really white teeth and then your
braces for you and your teeth got quite
yellow then you'd have white squares
from where you can actually have quite
white tea yeah your teeth are so white
um yeah that's my brace story dentist
ban all right let's go to PEC time we
get some sawdust Tina oh yeah I drank a
lot of it I'm jealous of your store I've
never been jealous of a store before by
out you also spelt some in your car oh I
wonder what they're building over there
look how cute these rabbits are
it's movie time it's movie time can take
it project you know this moves in time
you're not gonna put chicken in this
movie that wouldn't be good
we're going to start with some
strawberries today I'm going to try and
make it more much the word nicer tasting
nicer so I'm going to think about one
put in strawberries and cloudy apple
juice that'd be nice and strawberry
apple and mango or no strawberry apple
banana - blooming good one
strawberry apple and I'm going to add
two bananas lots of strawberries lots of
apple juice that's healthy and then I'm
also going to get up in here up in here
and I'm gonna go all of this stuff watch
that are that's not that one here we go
green powder don't even know what this
is all I know is that it's super see
here we go again I'll add yeah though
he's been doing some baking guys oh my
gosh Zoey what did we say earlier what
did we say we were gonna do earlier yes
you do what did we say we were gonna do
what what do we buy you're saying we
okay I said I was gonna eat healthy guys
we can start tomorrow we can start
tomorrow
I want to cook you so bad can we share
one Zoey
or should we do have a whole one oh you
were meant to say that's on a whole one
age
okay I'm gonna make a cup of tea let me
get my cup of tea going hmm get out oh
also everybody is saying to me can you
film the guinea pigs can you film the
guinea pigs can even the guinea pigs say
for you guys who are asking hey guys hey
hey guys look at their little thing they
got a little ball we went and bought
them today and they're loving it and
then got loads right nice hey stuff for
them up here and go look they've got
some little toys hanging here as well I
think has always spoiled them quite a
bit this is the best thing I have ever
done in my life
buzzes come over for a little play guys
and their being so sleeping cute on you
haha it's tiny 212 we finished watching
I forgot to tell you with the reason why
buzz was over because mum and dad came
over to have some cookies and to watch
broadchurch which was amazing as usual
but now I'm just left one I've got so
many questions that I want arts and I
need answered but they won't be answered
not even next Monday because they don't
get answered until the last episode on
these kind of programs so I'm going to
watch in like 10 more episodes to find
out the questions that I want to know in
my head but that's how it works
I am also so so so happy with the design
of my new teeth I hope you enjoyed that
let me know what you think let me know
what you think in the comments I think
is really really exciting obviously I'm
gonna wear like little see-through trays
if you don't know what I'm talking about
Google Invisalign I will see you
tomorrow
what measurement tomorrow I've got
meeting a half past twelve but that's it
sausage my guys thank you so much
watching said if you enjoyed it you know
what to do get the video big thumbs up
good night love you
