good morning guys good morning how you
doing we've got a 7:30 a.m. gym session
with my friend max today just trying to
gradually get back into the flow of
things did I leave my water bottle at
home I did didn't I my acid reflux was
playing up a little bit this morning so
I haven't had a coffee all I've had is
like the smallest yogurt in the world
it's gonna be an interesting gym session
we're currently rolling on more or less
nothing just pure morning energy and if
you knew me that's not something I have
my job it's quite a few hours later now
and I've hovered through it in the blog
we've had some technical people at the
house today trying to fix a load of
lights that weren't working actually let
me test if I press this button
these lights up here should all turn on
you ready hey that's so sick that sounds
so stupid and not all well done up here
you press the light switch and they like
to turn on but that hasn't been working
since we moved in like four months ago
so I'm happy today just feels weird if
it was really weird guys because
normally every day I wake up like half
past eight today I woke up at six fifty
ten to seven I've been awake for so long
it feels really late but it's not it's
only twelve o'clock trying to carry
everything at once so I'm just hit this
little nugget out for a way then I need
to head to the oh it's locked
and then it's head to the office catch
up with the team see what's going on
jump on a couple of emails edit the rest
of the daily vlog later tonight I'm
heading to London you're coming to the
office
do war Ivan said it's about thing
my favorite thing ever
I'm taking Jake in I'm actually really
really tie it I think it's because we
worked our legs today in the gym I'm
just knackered but I got to stay awake
it's currently six o'clock I've got a
meeting tonight in London 10:30 10:30
p.m. meeting tonight
in London and then I've got to come back
for meetings tomorrow and and then Zoe
went home she was like can we do my
favorite thing ever
you lie put your head here right in here
like this and then I'm gonna look at my
Christmas magazines but then you have to
look with me and we point out all the
things we like and all the things that
look really Christmassy and like oh this
is a lovely idea and isn't that nice
that we can set up a light show no that
is what we want to plan to do yeah maybe
not be so big I'm gonna balance this on
here that's not gonna wander when I hold
the camera that's a nice Christmas tree
these are from us that's a really nice
set up isn't it I'm gonna get these full
of us I'm going to what go Christmas
shopping tomorrow that wouldn't surprise
me
no I'm going to have so the main
Christmas tree when you come in yeah can
we do a color scheme yeah I've got a
color scheme already white no red no
it's green purple and rolls green
Christmas trees green but I've got green
deck gold I like purple I don't know if
the Gold's going to look good trust
whenever when are we ever gonna training
you've not thought looked good mmm Jamie
that time when you put those things on
there on them you remember yeah I had
some gold Garland's they weren't they
weren't gold collars they were like
intricate little ones that they were
like a bit glittery they had glitter on
and a few an earth I want to put them on
the fireplace I hate them I didn't like
that
yes you did oh my son Amanda was that
and these are horrible and um don't like
them either
no I was like yes right well I see where
the alliances lie with the days and
their glitter they weren't very nice
garden I actually liked it and then I
gave it away because I just felt so
terrible they were very nice
no one did like them and I'll have it
much better without them I'll be you
don't decorate our house so you don't
have it you want to leave the Christmas
decorating done to me no why not because
you would make it look awful what would
you actually do so what color schemes
stop it what kind of scheme would you go
for if the Christmas stick away it was
down to me hmm
what's kind of style one your our
decorator amazing that's so good
give it come on give us details okay let
me find a room in here but I would
decorate it long no no no no from your
brain you can't look at inspiration
steal ideas that's what you're doing
what you do right now if I sit go away
I'm not in the shop where there's
decorations for sale so I wouldn't know
right now colors pink good up Jacon
Jacon being serious
green let some foliage like some real
nice like real God pick some like what
is it ivy or whatever yeah gonna pick
some of that stuff run the stairs yeah
all out on the stairs on the mantelpiece
is I'd put some nice just so many nice
little ornaments and stuff like just
Christmas bits any color schemes some
ribbons some fairy lights up and down
the stair like the stair handle bit yeah
hmm sounds good to me
should I do Christmas this year
so I just had a 25-minute Howard out to
him to get me through the gym this
morning was just wiped me out and if I
want to be fully awake and alert for
this meeting I was not gonna do about a
quit little 20-minute nap I feel all
right you know I just got like 16
minutes until my train leaves which
consider I need to probably get changed
or something isn't very long you're off
I'd like six minutes until my train
leaves oh my gosh that means massive
then that would have ruined everything
whoa guys train is in one minute the
machine said cash and coins only I don't
have any coins on me so I just said to
the dude can I just buy ticket off you
and he said I can't do that you have to
use the machine I was like bro I don't
have any coins on me so he just let me
through I'm gonna have to get my ticket
when I get there honestly thought I was
gonna miss the train then I need to win
Zoe she's in the car park just in here
so mr. train always walk to the front of
the train guys or just get on where you
can before you miss it and then walk to
the front
normally I only have positive things to
say about Apple you guys know I'm an
happen fanboy just got the new iPhone
and my lover however right now far from
love Apple government took charger here
USB C into USB C whose charge my laptop
that's good
there's no charges that's not all good
because listening to music my friend
using the new headphones this has died
so I can't try I can't like this into my
laptop at all because the new laptop has
an old one even though the new phone as
the new one so obviously the logical
thing to do we'd get my cable out plug
it into my phone
I've run into my laptop besides my phone
oh I can't because the new laptop
doesn't have this and I can't use the
charging bill for the laptop charger
because the new laptops a USBC to that
so I can't look at Apple why you doing
this just had a genius idea obviously I
thought my work phone so I just plug my
headphones into my work phone
and then I can play music this one's
more charged oh yeah both does work even
though the structure and I refuse to
ever be that guy
massive loved my dad who when we were on
holiday lent me his little charging
brick found it in the bottom of my bag
and managed to charge my phone to 20%
honestly I can't even describe how happy
I am dad dad if you're watching thank
you just realize that this is going to
be interesting trying to get a ticket
now on this end and explain to them why
I don't have a ticket already because
the ticket machine wasn't working on my
end without them just thinking that I
just jumped on the train tryna trying to
get free ride always take the stairs
guys always take the stairs no matter
how tired you are just been on the phone
to Joe sugg for the last like 45 minutes
maybe even more than that just having a
real good catch up seeing what he's up
to at the moment seeing what he's
working on and now I'm just heading into
the W Hotel for a meeting with Gary
Vaynerchuk who I literally had a phone
call with whilst he was in New York this
week and now he's already over here were
meeting up
what's up everybody to make it a real
good decision following this man he's
super impressed very very successful
meeting guys I didn't really recall much
I'm going to leave a link down below to
Gary's video as soon as it's up go check
it out we recorded we recorded a ton of
audio that have a great video on his of
our chats if you want to hear proper
what we were talking about go over there
and check it out
just order myself oh lift music yeah
probably gonna get a copyright strike
just order myself an uber all the way
home because it is so late there won't
be any trains running my phone is dead
again it's midnight it's gonna be a late
night and then an early start tomorrow
it's crazy how awake London is midnight
in the middle of the week and there is
literally just people everywhere in
Brighton where we live it is like debt
after 8 p.m.
look I used to live here and I often
forget that London is one of those
cities that is just a wait 24 hours a
day
so only everyone's got work tomorrow
then again I have worked
I have the gun very good very good thank
you
enjoy so China Sea I've been in meetings
man the W Hotel now I'm gonna have this
is gonna work no zone with the alarm
systems right before I go upstairs and
fall asleep of course super early start
tomorrow it's currently half past 1:00
in the morning
I enjoyed the vlog I hope you watch
yesterday's vlog if you didn't I
uploaded a half an hour video yesterday
of miners on his fifth anniversary go
check it out link down below to the
merch give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it subscribe if you're not
already follow me on all my social
medias my Instagram my Twitter my
facebook my other youtube channels there
is a big day I've got up on Saturday get
excited to guys capture the morning good
night
