good morning guys we are out and about
shooting a video for Zoe which is super
fun I just missed we're on the beach
left forgot to film it you can see it
slightly done their own Zoe's video
you're in it now no I knew okay let's
see she enjoys the sea just like and as
long as we were standing in X we both
got wellies on she was fine are you
sandy little one she fell over in the
sand guys in the water rolled about
there now we are heading back oh my gosh
look at that walk those people are doing
up there do they do that just now wow
that's quite steep I just completed
Zoe's level first time that she was
stuck on a day she is online at 128 and
I'm whenever like 30 so it's the worst
game I ordered a bit too much food I've
got chili pasta for me then I also saw
somebody with this and I was like oh my
gosh I have to get it looked amazing and
so he got sausages chips and beans and
then I just had to get that as a side
who doesn't love cheesy garlic bread are
you happy for the rest of the lunch Nam
and poppy have gone in the car and we're
walking back we're racing them hasn't
the house key come on
god I'm just editing at my video and
this is happening over here we have one
sleepy buzz puppy one sleepy Nala
with her eye creepily open one sleepy
Elfie with his eye creepily oh but look
at Buzz's little tail you tired from the
beach walk yeah we to give you pups a
little bath to get the sand off you I
don't know when the last night mode was
we're now playing crammed with a family
here and we just won the last game we
beat the Gala's yeah last time now in
second game you ready
stop dissing martini wind flying
parachuting hula-hooping skydiving oh
yeah yeah I have just got tucked up into
bed now guys and it is currently 20
minutes to 1:00 in the morning I've said
that I'm gonna walk both the pugs in the
morning to take them out for their
toilet in the morning which is normally
about half-past seven so I'm gonna be
getting up early so I need to get some
sleep at the moment I'm just watching
from following my friend Louise new
video catching up in bed and I just
realized because I was just doing some
emails and editing some pictures that my
merchandise for you watching this comes
out tomorrow
7:00 p.m. which is so exciting you guys
haven't seen one is you have no clue
what it is but basically I'm releasing
some more as you know I've released
those posters and I signed them all and
they were limited-edition you guys loved
it and I loved that they were limited
edition so that it's like a race to get
them they're never ever ever ever gonna
be sold again I think that's super super
exciting so I got something made and I
just got a few of the made oh ok more
than a few I just got like a load of the
made in one go and once they sell out
which last time was in 19 hours this
time I feel like it's going to be even
quicker at 7 p.m. on Sunday 7 p.m. UK
time I don't all-time that isn't the
other places in the world but 7 p.m. UK
time on Sunday on my main channel and on
Twitter and Instagram and all of that
I'm going to be linked in to where you
can buy my new piece of merchandise I'm
not telling you what it is and once
they're all sold again they're gone
forever but I know you guys are gonna
love this
my Emilia - you know guys thank you so
much working today the majority of what
I did today was filming Zoe's new get
ready with me video it's like a beach
walk video kind of thing yeah that's the
one and it's super super fun is really
really nice shots because the weather
was amazing and so that's going up on
Sunday as well
right I need to get some sleep I'm gonna
finish watching the Lewis video and then
I'm gonna sleep because I need to go
back to thank you for watching today if
you enjoyed it give a thumbs up if
you're excited for merchandise let me
know if you're excited comment what
you're hoping it is and yeah
how's these work guys goodnight
