good morning guys we have had breakfast
we're all up and we are ready for the
day and it is us a bit more cloudy today
I know it looks quite good income
actually doesn't it too cloudy so super
we got a little bench out there
Shawn's perhaps some of the cameras
we're gonna get good what have you
learned or you got a little pain of a
blur yes you have am I gonna be cold
today my whole chest is out I got like a
little a range coat with me cool
am I gonna be cold I got a vest on
underneath this that's not really gonna
do much I mean we'll see I don't know
we're off due today
but the girl was my mom puppy and
deserving and somewhere for us to go and
somewhere to go peek Unni say hello
alright bye thanks for talking it's nice
talking to you
we're now in the car guys and we are off
or not travels but we've realized we
remember suggest a look here deep in
there is my petrol how much my car's got
which is zero yesterday we drove for
like 11 minutes on the way back from zzs
with zero petrol and now we're driving
on it again and we've got how long till
we get to the petrol station like four
miles four miles until we get to the
petrol station guys we're gonna make it
I'm scared we've lychee it's like not
even one Miller school or petrol on the
meter Knoll are you having a nice sleep
in the back there yeah good girl we're
gonna be there soon and then go back to
sleep there it is guys the petrol
station have we made it is the car
slowing down or is that you didn't said
in I was gonna say this literally looks
like something out performance oh wow
they're still showing Christmas
decorations that's so old it oh that's a
nice car in there there fix in love the
smell of petrol right now to pay that
kill overfill the tanks for guys well I
tried to film something for you guys but
it turns out that these dishes didn't
want me to go more no there we go there
we are we missed it again are you
serious
basically there's a really nice-looking
beach down there so right down so you
can film it it's a healthy side right
down
besides all actually is that our filming
I'm gonna zoom right in and then our
film so then you miss the show I'll get
it in a minute now cuz we don't know we
lower down means it turned out I've got
this I've got this shot Zoe it's coming
it's coming
alright it's coming in a minute guys
Oh blowing egg now is stopping it around
about oh my are you kidding me
lovely see view lovely sheep you are you
serious
why do they block the scene from people
be able to see it there we go guys
that's the CV Oh beautiful guys you can
kinda see it you can kind of see it
there it is although it doesn't look as
impressive as before because before we
were up high and it looked amazing
Oh guys there's actually a sandy beach I
mean the way there's not the best it's
cloudy but there
oh is it pebbles oh well it's not Oh
well luckily we're not going here anyway
we're going 15 minutes we're going
somewhere else we're off oh really
look at this guy oh look how steep this
hill is we're going up come on drop the
camera this run
finished up lunch and then we just went
for a little walking on the beach but it
was so windy that I just thought there
was no point even trying to vlog but I
don't know the pictures because I'm
asleep it just an audio which did some
pretty cool ones so they'll be up on
Instagram to give a nice time yeah
that's right public just always the best
when it's cold but before you said you
bet your toes that I met good hot
chocolate oh my gosh that person's
windsurfing just there why would you
winter it's freezing we are back at the
car they expect their targets but are
they each and basically means only the
cooking tonight who's cooking tomorrow
guys who's cooking tomorrow
I was just bent on the vlog we're done
the English group do are basically each
couple taking a night in the in a row
means only cooking tonight maybe put
meat on a hook in tomorrow mum and dad
and probably a shorter mom and then the
next day do you know what we're cooking
get out we're cooking you're not allowed
if what you get in
get off my out go also guys
Happy New Year's because you're watching
this and it's New Year when you're
watching this this is my first video
technically a 2015 oh yeah oil oil have
you good at let me see if it's oil oil
yes it's oil perfect are I ever got
loads and loads of chicken and of course
guys
free-range that's very important guys we
accidentally bought a long one but we're
not going to tell the others we
accidentally bought smoky barbecue does
that matter I mean it's not ideal but it
still feeds our mini because of onion
whoa I can't breathe already I'm gonna
become some onions I don't even like
onion why am i I've been given the toss
I'm cutting them but I've done one cup
how do I do that but my aim is to squint
and not look actually then I can't
because I can't cut my fingers guys I'm
halfway and I haven't even cried yet
give me a thumbs up if you're proud oh
no they all need a chopper ate my hunger
oh I messed up the last one ah and I
didn't even cry no tears are you gonna
cry now
oh is it you ever how much of it we've
barely even put any of the chicken in
and it can't fit I've come across one
little issue though it's just asked me
to get the rice aromatic and fluffy
basmati rice I don't I don't know is it
good right I'm guessing you just put hot
water in boiling water you Samaritans 12
minutes that should be alright
I don't know how chefs do it this
chickens ready this chickens not these
are ready we haven't even started
cooking the rice yeah
this chicken is cooking dude uh and the
chicken share also the Royce is getting
along nicely we encountered another
dilemma guys we had a tea no no no no no
we did it we had tins and this tin
opener just broke on us and fell apart
so we kind of went a bit wild on it - no
- open the tin or the can whatever you
call it nevertheless we've got it out
there's the other one that we mashed it
up so that we could get our refried
beans out but it's all good don't worry
they're heating up in there nice the
last thing everything else is done and
on the table and this is various
presentation delicious salad delicious
cold chicken delicious cold cold onion
some rice oh this is I'm excited for
mozzarella
I grated these took 8 minutes to heat up
so appreciate them finish dinner
probably watching rates out of 10 come
on this is always dinner as well so you
can't say - come on Jesus Christ
where's the entertainment were allowed
to play Monopoly no no just the dinner
it's an evening I can't give away my dad
what's your rating out 10 so far the
dinner
seven that's good I'm about not base it
probably got to a nine buzzer you
playing with us are you on our team but
you've rolled the dice but if you've got
the card for us you're holding it it's
not keeping our house good boy don't let
anyone take that house off of us oh oh
you dropped Jack quickly monopoly is
over guys me and poppy just won Shaun
and that be B everyone mom and I went
out first and then me and poppy went out
seconds
god I just work Zoe up because it's 20
past 11:00 so on you said it was half
past I never missed 20 bucks a night
it's 20 plus 11
it's nearly New Years and look at this
little 100 big stretch in oh no just
movin while she's sleeping come on we
can play any path yeah it's eight
minutes or 12 guys and we've got one
firework fountain kind of thing it's the
only one we could get for when it hits
12 so organist and everyone's wrapped up
in their pajamas and which you can
assemble the windows worst dad goes out
and likes the one fountain that we've
got all right let's have a look at it
dad this is the one the big guy no
pressure don't set yourself and fine our
dad
five work time guys
or the one part we've got they got even
see it in the video anything by Jimmy
just it sit on these not the right lines
I should have been doing this so I might
take him for minutes a lighter and then
it'll be midnight because it's so windy
I think it's going out come on dad you
close second Choi yes dry guys yeah God
don't you get back
watch out dad don't get near it though
good there at ID you smell of burning I
don't if you saw guys but one of the
firearm is landed in my dad's jacket
guys I just got tucked up into bed it's
kind of one o'clock in the morning and I
know you probably can't see me but I'm
holding the camera up to my face
just in case you can see me a tiny bit I
just want to say thank you so much for
everything you've done this year and
I've set up my mention already so I'm
not gonna go into it too much we've made
so many crazy opportunities happen and I
should say thank you so much whether
this is the first video of mine you've
watched or the 200th video of mine you
watched it means a lot to me so yeah
thank you be proud of yourself of what
we've accomplished we've got four acting
book out guys I don't know so much crazy
stuff give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it if you're excited for 2015
give the video a thumbs up I'm so
excited there's so many awesome things
happen okay I'm gonna go to sleep now
guys I'll catch you tomorrow morning I'm
gonna make it super fun day I'll catch
you oh my god is now 2015 that's so
crazy it's 2015
it's January that's even more weird okay
I'll see you today slashed more
stretching a bit in 2015 good night guys
I love you so much bye he
