what up guys how's it goin good morning
hope you're having a lovely day yeah
today has been a rush thought he's
waving to the blog this morning has been
incredibly rushed I'm heading to a
little coffee shop for the first meeting
of today to get an Instagram oh my gosh
my hair looks wild to get an Instagram
for a chat or I'll explain later
I currently shooting that image that I
told you about in the jacket
quick little photo shoot for charity
project turns into another hour and a
half meeting afterwards tomorrow the day
you're watching this isn't the day
you're watching this is - always fifth
anniversary we've been together five
years that is just insane I don't know I
thought just whatever
well you've got Hunger Games necklace on
yeah that we Games Katniss evergreen I
thought that is her name all right we're
about to record podcast episode okay's
gonna be featuring a few days when it
when is this coming out you guys get
some brand deal with these headphones of
nice Monday return for nine massive
lesson Monday that night Monday the
night the I was gonna meet me on dari
today yo yo yo that's how he starts the
podcasts CNB from that ad oh that was
quite good yo yo yo n CMB to do this
anymore just posted the Instagram from
earlier on I completely forgot that I
never ever told you guys what it was
actually about the orange jacket thing
this morning so I was on Instagram the
other day and Jamie Oliver let me
quickly just find it now randomly tagged
me in a picture challenging me to the
orange jacket challenge and I was like
what is this yacht led to this picture
here of him there we go
in the orange jacket and he said guys
I'm supporting help for Heroes with the
orange jacket challenge I thought long
and hard who I wanted to nominate so
pointlessblog over to you bro you will
look great in orange the orange jacket
challenge is this jacket from the film
Kingsman which I haven't seen I don't
know anything about and it's the actual
jacket from the film like the real one
worn in the film that we have somebody
come and bring it down today and it's
basically and it's basically supporting
the charity help for Heroes which is
lovely
so I accepted the challenge and I've
passed it on and I've tagged Nick
Grimshaw who I chose so Nick if you're
watching you're up next
going to be delivered the orange jacket
and you have to wear it in an Instagram
post to help out help the hair us which
is all good but I just thought I'd leave
you because at the beginning of the vlog
I was going off to a cafe to go and
shoot this Instagram for a charity thing
and I completely forgot to even tell you
what it was about until now and I just
put the picture up I haven't filled um
we've had the podcast when it was good
it is really really good I love podcasts
like I just love oh there's something
about just speaking and not being on
video so you don't have to think at all
what you look like you just purely speak
in raw I don't know if that makes sense
but it was good it's really really good
please don't bite me
please don't bite me hey that is not a
donkey hello
hey hey NOLA
how you doing it's just evolved like a
Pokemon boy let's get a horse I want one
so bad hey hey
we're currently out and about I can't
film what we're doing because it's not
being announced for a couple of weeks
all I'm saying is that I'm with Zoe and
Mark and we're filming something or
shooting images for something very
exciting we're currently in a graveyard
that might give you guys some hints
might give me some clues so you just got
back now can't wait for you guys to see
what we were doing what we were doing
tonight are pulling to be online as I
said in a couple of weeks and stuff it
is five minutes past 8:00 you need to
cook myself up some dinner probably
thinking or this chicken goes out date
tonight
it goes out I'll do some quinoa just
nice little did you like garlic and herb
chicken maybe mixed in with a little bit
of Cajun garlic and have an Cajun spice
and some veggies as well that is what
I'm talking about a big water veg quinoa
and some nice chicken because I've got a
ton of other washing up to put away the
dishwasher to empty to tidy the front
room from tonight so I'm gonna crack on
with all of this and in the video here
before I bought you before time lapse of
me cleaning and tied in the house so I
hope you enjoyed the video
if you have as usual give it a thumbs up
subscribe down below if you're not
already if you want to grab some merch
some BB merch link is down below as well
too and say goodnight to these guys can
say goodnight catch in the morning
goodnight guys so a package arrived in
the post this morning
147 things this is mr. Chapman's
Newburgh haven't had a look inside
so let's do a little let's do a little
147 things box opening Jim was right in
this book or have in mind this book for
literally like must be over a year now
easily every time I go to his house he's
sitting there working write and write
and write and so I'm genuinely so
excited to have a look at this book
because it's my kind of thing a lot of
youtubers that you know bring out books
and just going to be honest and try out
their not every single book is of my
interest like I'm not into some of the
books that people bring out just because
not into those kind of books
zowie saying like cuz I've read the
first book now I really liked it I
genuinely did this book here 147 things
my user's guide to the universe from
black holes to bellybuttons but this is
just random like scientific facts and
different topics I'm going to open the
page on here sick thing 64 if your
finger gets cut off don't panic you can
probably just sew it back on but this is
facts about if your finger actually got
cut off
65 body odor is much worse than you
think but also kind of amazing
well I love you guys know I love myself
a good fact a good random thing I hope
you did did he show you I haven't got a
signed copy I'm gonna FaceTime in let me
see what else is in the box
Oh a NASA Jamba that's cool enough space
what else is in the box
Jim Alfonso
you are a wonderful human being and one
of my best friends I wanted you to have
one of I wanted you to be one of the
first people to have a copy of my new
book hope you like it Jim just ignore
the name guys I'm just filming for my
vlog I'm a bit gutted though
the Turks not signed I wanted to put on
either the books not signed that's gonna
work much less on eBay now you can sign
the morning see you yeah thank you for
this stuff I just shaved it every other
youtuber by saying that your book is my
favorite even I haven't read it yet for
the YouTuber books because it's actually
something that I'm gonna take the time
to read words I'm not interested in
everyone else's knowledge you know I do
my if you want to go check it out Paul
you might leave a link down below
because I never do that
I always say I'm gonna leave a link down
below and then always forget to leave a
link down below so go search 147 things
we are off to where are we going I want
to see diamonds but we're not going oh
I'm scared with my hand up there now No
so when we were getting our house worked
on like before we moved in this house
would look completely different we had
everything done we got it fumigated at
one point because one of the builders
who was working on the house this was
like we weren't living here then at all
so it was like nothing to do with us but
it
he owns the property got bit by a fox
Black Widow
that's weird bad like they had two weeks
off the work for two weeks and stuff so
the whole house building had to be
stopped the whole house had to be
fumigated
which is when they literally put the
house on shut down no one can go into
like 72 hours or 48 hours or something
like that no one can go in like the
people in white suits come in and like
spray all the hair down in what they do
but we had all of that done but then
after that we got this conservatory
added because it was delayed it was
meant to come before the fumigation
anyways long story short there was a
black a false back window in the kitchen
today this morning a false black widow
up here in this corner
and I tried there I'm sorry guys I'm
just gonna say I tried to I tried to
Hoover it up there really bad but it is
the worst party in the UK you can get in
your house if it bites you you can die
from it if you don't seek medical
treatment it could kill Niall if it
hurts for that angry swelling swelling
infections like that they're really not
nice to have in your home
hence why we had to have it fumigated
because there was like a nest of them so
I'm sorry
I got this tried to Hoover up this
morning the little bastard got away like
it avoided the Hoover and ran into that
corner and went somewhere and I don't
know where it's gone so somewhere in the
house in the kitchen on the roof is a
Black Widow which you don't want bite
you
they're dangerous what is laying babies
there is laying eggs anyways we're going
off now to not know me that's a
different place where are we going
Sheffield Park I've never been before I
have no idea where it is we are going
for a nice little walk and there's a
cafe there or some place to get food
cream tea mrs. come in and a little
Christmassy jumper you excited we can't
find how long we don't ever let mile off
the lead but we can't find oh yeah has
actually angel it's Christmasy colors we
can't find her extendable lead is it on
the way though okay we're gonna actually
just drop it if you've been looking for
the longer lead so that she can prop up
a run around and on that little one
I mean I've already taught them what it
is today
I've given Percy I need to get Percy
breakfast also when I film me myself the
other day feeding person with this the
company tiny
have you been about us yeah breakfast
today oh he's so naughty then because he
makes me feed him and you see them
separately and he probably knows that
look I'm already waiting by the bowl
there we go may you enjoy that you enjoy
that little boy I really want to stroke
you do you ever just want to stroke him
Zoe but he doesn't really let me oh oh
my gosh isn't it in me
it's could I just fed him huh oh my god
let's see let's see I told you she
doesn't they really nursery producer
he's doing a great job he's doing a
great job it's got cool mother that
looks quite fun five years jerking I've
got any people watching this video that
are younger than five we could have been
together longer than you've been alive
why not we could have somebody watching
with their like little baby their
toddler I've had quite a few parents
tweeting me recently saying that they
watch my videos but not even like their
children watch their children don't
watch the videos just they do just like
straight up adults I had somebody tweet
me the other day saying I've been
watching your videos for quite a while
now
I'm just started introducing my son to
them and he loves them so it's like the
parents started watching before because
obviously people assume that all the
people that watch these videos are like
14 year olds actually 68% oh now let's
come in 68% of the people that watch
these videos are over 18 that's crazy
no it's not those people legit as people
legit because also you've got to think
okay just say one in every just in one
in every 10 people a lion okay there's
still 58 percent they're over 18 yeah
phone keys locked on the back door and
everything yeah you've got copies
baggage you sent me along I've got you
got the doggy yeah that's all okay yeah
quickly quick beep alarm is on
all right just running into pets at home
on the way I need to get a blanket in
case she gets muddy feet and of course
the extendable lead where one says
harnesses thank you getting this for the
car little blanket to clean her feet and
then of course the new new lead oh look
at this you got you some presents what
is this I got you
it's so nice and soft you love in your
new bed you're loving that is it nice
and cozy yo this is so cool
have we not been here before
oh my gosh I'm an idiot should have
bought my drone really tea rooms I'm so
hungry
so this is where we are oh my gosh this
place is massive
we are currently where does it say we
are this is overall everyone's got their
pop of photography cameras why didn't I
bring a nice camera get some nice
pictures of the wildlife get my drone
out we've got jacket potatoes I had to
go for this because as you guys know I
love truffle when we're getting these
yeah I love it
egg mayonnaise the truffle was my my
thing so I kind of got two meals you
good Missy we're gonna go on a walk
first with turns out they're not allowed
to take dogs inside the National Trust
kind of area all this little fly landed
on my camera until 15 when it's time top
last one so just get some food first
I'm hungry and now I'm vlogging instead
this is apparently Zoe's favorite tree
so we're gonna put the camera down here
like this
and then we're going to pose for a
picture
normally when I fly my drone all the
shots are like really high up in the sky
but this kind of place has got so many
open patches of ground
I could have literally flown my treat my
clone my tree I was looking at the tree
below my drone not my tree through the
trees really low like cool shots in here
definitely gonna come back with some
better camera equipment than just this
little vlogging camera here but today
isn't about vlogging today's about just
chillin look at a little face after all
of that going to pets at home and
everything guys you're not allowed to
have a dog don't me take that you're not
allowed to have a dog an extendable need
you have to keep them on the short lead
that's one of the rules in this place so
after it's kind of all do I gonna buy
one go and even use it get it are you
ready
check this out tandem tandem wheelchair
that's what I'm talkin about that's the
couple's goals right there when you need
to be in a wheelchair so does your wife
you go turn them check the size of this
acorn tree is that or is that not the
girth deist tree you have ever seen in
your life this tree is that 4 times the
width of my body naturally way more than
that that's insane that's probably the
thickest tree I've ever seen
do you know thing quite big that trees
are as big as my trampoline Oh
No they're all falling out the trees
they're just all in on me at the same
time if Zoey could have this as our
Christmas tree I bet you legit something
just fell like that was real pardon
I swear on my life that wasn't me was it
you look at the size of that right I
want to get a thumbnail I'm never gonna
get with that I was gonna say Zoey's new
Christmas tree yeah I know his wait
let's do it that one that one was way
too big
won't be able to get it in shot speed it
would actually do some damage maybe
without an aeroplane Zoey's new
Christmas tree you go stand next to it
no not the hot button odds will be
bigger than that
hey got it I'm gonna decorate it in the
thumb now I'm gonna add some lights to
it and stuff you know like in the other
in the rug David I said I want to start
discussing more things that I work on
behind the scenes I'm scared that I'm
gonna get hit behind the scenes in the
vlogs that you guys don't actually know
about like investing in companies and
stuff like that one thing that happened
this year that hadn't actually told you
and I'll show you soon properly is
something that my family always wanted
with just for years and years like for
as long as I was going as long as I've
known my dad that's my whole life that's
my dad he's always wanted because he was
born he was brought up in the
countryside a woodland and this year I
bought a woodland like up Oh
isn't that crazy I own a woodland guys
so I haven't tea I think there was two
vlogs where I've been there but I didn't
tell you what it was because I was just
looking at the property and stuff like
that
is it cool property land looking at the
land to see whether it was something
that I wanted to invest in oh these are
those things from my driveway that is
the tree
and buying land because obviously land
is finite there is only a certain amount
of land land is something that is
genuinely really really good to invest
in so this year I bought a woodland and
I haven't haven't told you guys so
whilst we're in the setting of being in
this beautiful land I thought I'd share
with you the news which is exciting
we'll go there soon and some vlogs and
stuff and I've got a lot of really
really exciting plants happen in there
with my family and friends and stuff but
I just thought it was a fitting time to
let you know about a purchase an
investment of mine oh boy you got there
mate she already hasn't seen me but ya
know what's this what's that what is it
what is that can you see it on one side
you have this beautiful view then we
turn it and look at this side oh my gosh
I want my drone so that I don't know if
you're allowed to have drones here yeah
but by the time I get told put my drone
down and not fly yet I would have bored
you got the shot so I needed literally
stopped down there with my drone up
along the water really low and then over
that big house at the end imagine if I
put in the water
mmm we found a tree that's more gothy
than that other tree this is the new
record how insane is that oh my god
that's just not real life is it
how old how many years old recognize
look at her she looks like a little
mountain goat you know that there's
goats like to sit on the edge of
mountains or trees
it doesn't say when the tree was planted
so in 2012 this tree was 125 years old
so it must be 130 years old this is
crazy and now I keep on saying it guys
but this is that bottom pond you go onto
the top one then on to that house and
this side is rather to even bigger Lakes
we haven't even seen yet
I bet she's going to get so scared come
on gig yeah
we got for her legs are apart Oh
look over the edge Missy okay so good
yeah
this looks like we're in like the Amazon
or something I swear this couldn't legit
be in another country I look at that do
you know that to be in another country
so if I text you a picture of this and
Yolo I'm in Brazil we just came and
surprised me while I was editing the
vlog the gold is on fire that's very
cute that's my favorite cake yes we blow
out together yeah you know what it is
driving half an hour to go and pick
means are we up some dinner
getting those boyfriend point actually I
don't even know oh this is not confident
my phone in my pocket get em up okay
blue moon oh there we go
I don't ever count accounts as boyfriend
points because the whole point of today
either no I'm trying to say also I've
got a little bit of a tricky update
tonight's vlog I didn't upload tonight
because I spoke about a present that
I've bought for Zoey that was meant to
arrive today on the Lighting's gone
there we go that was meant to arrive
today it didn't end up arriving today
I've told Zoey I've been told of what it
is I just said that I've got you a
little something and and then it was
meant to arrive tomorrow and now it's
gonna be arriving Friday so what I'm
gonna have to do is like this is going
to be a double vlog upload and I'm gonna
have to chop out the bit where I
mentioned what the present is and what
it kind of like kind of gave away what
it was once you see the president you'll
understand that this wasn't me being
lazy and leaving it literally till the
day before although I did leave it late
I didn't leave it
day before them why I left it late but I
also got offered to make the present
even better and thought I bloom and have
to do it and that took extra time to get
to get those tweaks done you will see
I'm on Saturday I will be able to give
the present to Zuri because I will get
it I get on Friday but I've got a ton of
meetings on Friday so I don't think it's
gonna be the best day to give it to her
so I'm gonna give it to her on Saturday
which is going to be the perfect like
the best idea matter so Sunday's vlog is
going to be a savage sorry that this
blog was a double upload and then I cut
out the bit of the present anyway I just
wanted to say that the president was
meant to arrive today it did and it's
mentor of tomorrow and it's not going to
now it's going to right Friday but I'm
not in on Friday trust me we've bloom in
try to change things around to make it
work and there's just no possible way of
making it work and it will be worth the
wait
and it's all good and it's not me being
lazy for forgetting the five-year
anniversary once you see the present
guys trust me
anyways and come pick us up some dinner
guys some man was just going crazy shine
at his wife and that it's not something
that I'll put up with so I literally
just walked over and just stood so I'm
filming super close just because I don't
want to get them in shot that's not cool
stood proper closer to the wife just
looking at him just to make sure he knew
they couldn't lay a hand on her
bloody yeah the stuff like that
literally like instant goosebumps and
I'm like yeah I might have to like fight
this man take him to the ground to
protect this woman bloom the neck
anyways it's all good now they got in
their car and she seemed okay
no driving off their kids with them as
well here we go this is what we got for
dinner tonight smash burger
