good morning guys it's actually in the
morning like I'm not even joking
it is what's the time ha past 10:00 okay
it's not that much the morning it's a
little bit morning you're gay you get
little whim you've been good today
haven't ya
even though not is in a different
surrounded she's been so good today and
we've just gone and we picked up oh oh
McDonald's breakfast gone boy go on get
your McDonald's get your McDonald's he's
legit sprinting in a dressing gown with
no top on underneath and pajama bottoms
like it's the time then it's no 2
minutes is 28 oh my gosh I've never seen
that before you know what
I can imagine you do it not maybe look
healthy there's two yeah I let you in
headphones he's just got like some epic
music playing that's so funny I love
that don't you love it when you drink on
the dollars hot chocolate literally
spill half of it down yourself looks so
disgusting nice one
when what are you upload this 300 no it
doesn't uploading videos 300 minutes
this is what living in the middle of
nowhere gets you guys that's on my 3g
that's on your phone as well look at
sleeping knowledge she gets to this
state guys where you can literally do
anything with her and she doesn't wake
up she's so she's so cute she's up all
her ways and poos outside why I know one
but she did one way inside today I was
excitement
my name is literally like not even
joking it was like this big it was like
the tiniest we in the in the whole world
okay that big yawn come out technolon a
little stroke it's so dark
you can't really see her now there come
on take a dollar on a proper educational
walk she's gone up to a Harry Potter's
House this is the actual house where oh
my gosh what is that
ah this is not his first time there
water
imagine if she jumped in her wits women
going Allah let her fear it is given in
pugs nor me don't like swimming in water
oh she doesn't seem too fast for this
where you go in supera stick looking for
a big old stick to carry around hey buds
and knowledge over here and a good one
Hey so both having low and up together
one of my favorite things I know there's
just rubbing her little belly it's so
soft
guys I don't even know what day is in
this video I think I'm just going to
mash up the last couple of days because
I've been the worst daily vlogger ever
because we're just been having all your
friends going Christmassy time with our
families so sorry for the slacking on
the daily vlogs but it's Christmas and
we're spending it with our families and
we're just one one a relaxed look at
these two little guys you cleaning each
other guys gnarly
you clean the buses here for him that's
nice of you as now hey we are now off to
M&S with Sean poppy and Zoe because me
and Zoe are hosting Boxing Day
that's why isn't it fun without doing
Christmas Day Christmas Eve excited
I'm not sure about cooking I don't know
we're going to try basically we're
hosting Boxing Day actually inspire with
the food for it right now we're going to
get a gammon
or just a big old gammon
unsmoked here we go let me see let's
call him let's call him George the gamin
good old George look how many turkeys
there are guys we've changed up some of
our food check them we went for this
little gammon instead cuz he had some
oranges stuck on the top George was
wasn't the one I knew you were going to
go for that
look at me you're not gonna get it I
don't know what is that
Moo says oh my gosh look at them
oh man look look at that look how cool
that is
how their kicks also amazing what is
that Oh see if I mold it around them
magic things fun I just want to buy one
of everything
this is our shopping trolley so far guys
absolutely packed but then I got my
little your log down there this is the
final guys this is everything the final
count bamboo blooming good morning guys
it's another day and my mum and sister
just drop buzz over hey hey how you guys
doing
Oh were you sniffing in there were you
sniffing in there always taking the
steps always guys in life take the
stairs faster right I'm just meeting up
my sister my mom my grandma to get some
lunch I think a lot of people here to
meet Santa today you're gonna be Santa
yeah
look how cute this is Stokes trois was a
massive hug I just got home guys he hit
you
- it fell over and then the other side
licking her did it lick you did you like
it
would you like having a little wash haha
Darcy what happened in Amaya doggy and
Zoe's a cat this is a cat's paw
so basically guys apparently I'm a dog
I'm wrapped up in bed with a pillow as
well which I got given Zoe is a cat this
is a dog not to make any noise
oh gosh got another toy not it's very
good
Nonna's not allowed any you know it's
not I'm not allowed any toys Oh oh thank
you and why the dog a thank thanks thank
you mm-hmm thank you Darcy
yeah all right guys it is time that I
stop looking like father Christmas and
shave all of this off so I bought a new
razor the other day and basically I
bought two really expensive razors and
lost the charger for both of them so I
just ended up by like a cheap razor not
realize until I opened it a minute ago
that is actually for your head so it is
literally massive but luckily you get
this free that one which is like a
little trimmer just before you see guys
this is a complete joke look I have done
like a proper chin strap oh my gosh I
don't know what they're gonna think this
it's a joke it isn't very clear joke
guys they said no they didn't like it
basically guys Louise wanted to fill me
she's doing like a little cut in her
blog where she went out he has a beard
and then when she's going to put her
hand away or put it off my t-shirt or
something I was gonna have no beard so I
did as a joke ah yeah yeah look
now our fearsome has a little thin but
she was like no go save her hold off I'm
not putting that in my blog Alfie so
they're making it making me shave it all
off I feel like I'm in like a 90's boy
band or something chin strap the chin
strap is back right I'm going to show
you off now and then I'm going to look
like ten years old and voila
I have no stubble at all and now I look
about eight years old that's what you
want looking about eight years old
brilliant good morning guys it's
Christmas Eve merry Christmas's leg
we've got a little owl we've got a
little why are you going up the stairs
we don't got the stairs silly one
another no no
well Christmas elf come here come here
hey my little Christmas yep
wait-wait-wait-wait going Zoe she's gone
all the way up has she come to see you
what where's she gone now ah there you
are I see you go see mommy cool as are
we alright guys we are off to the shop
to go and buy some cooking ingredients
because we want to take over cookies
basically we're having Christmas at my
parents house and we're going to sleep
over there tonight so when Santa comes
we're all in the same house when we
receive our presents and so we're going
to bake some cookies now quickly it's
currently 2 o'clock
hot costume then we're going to take
some cookies over there sweets print on
a really nice little how I'm joking I
was a half an hour half now a little
walk didn't we didn't we didn't we
didn't we
but I didn't really want to film it
because obviously they want to film
outside our house that'll be a bit
stupid house what did you get nyla she's
just going upstairs you know what you
are
come on let's take you back down come on
we don't go upstairs do we oh yeah Dairy
Milk white these are gonna be so healthy
alright I bought myself some lunch as
well I got the biggest fridge milkshake
you'd ever see I didn't realize they did
it that big the girl's mother is they
didn't do Joplin any other size so it's
literally what the butter don't do that
it's gonna all drip off how are they
getting on almost done it can open it
yeah oh man they look suck they're
massive yeah a lot I never got quite
more hair so basically Christmas Eve my
auntie uncle and two cousins are coming
over as well for cognitive outlets I
know he's making cookies for everybody
well actually me as well I did help I
did all the leading in everything
right guys I hope you enjoyed that
mismatch of a weird vlog I don't even
know what was in it how many days were
in it or anything it was just it was
what it was and if you enjoyed it please
give it a thumbs up I'm going to try and
put up another video another vlog I just
live a Christmassy one either today or
tomorrow so keep your eyes peeled for
that one but yeah I just hope you've had
an amazing time watching all my
Christmas Eve videos and sorry that it
hasn't been as many as you would have
maybe liked but I've done as many as I
felt comfortable with doing because I've
tried to spend a lot of time with like
Zoey's family of Zoey my family
everything like that that yeah Merry
Christmas oh my god just went mochas
misguides I love you so much I will see
you very soon for new vlog have an
amazing one I love you I love you I love
you goodbye
