since my new video is with both the
sublet I thought today's video I would
upload the bloopers so if you enjoy them
give it a thumbs up I hope you feel very
festive and Mary Jo can guys enjoy the
video right maybe I should put my
Christmasy how are you like home alone
boy now you I shouldn't like Macaulay
Culkin getting come yes yes go ahead
would live with God God
yo Oh Sammy is my girlfriend not what
said so is my girlfriend Zoey window
Jake it Tyler Oakley Ora mango chutney
Oakley and chutney what should we end my
video can smelly or a crisp all right is
the horse or a dirty man we started
talking me just believe or Captain Hook
and Smee awesome tis pig smooth up with
you guys is three three minutes to 2:00
in the morning right or end the video is
this choice a bond or Christmas ribbon
