hey guys it's not the morning I've just
been so so busy today doing so many
different things that I haven't started
my blog it's currently ten plus five in
the evening we've just dropped niala off
at my parents because we've got a crazy
amount of editing and I've got load of
posters to sign tonight to make sure
that they get to you guys by Christmas
but right now Zoey and I just heading
back to home to get all of that done so
hey
oh yeah and we're going buy pets at home
because people in Persie need some food
because we're gonna run out by tomorrow
so that's what we're gonna go and do I'm
also gonna get nihilus and treats
because we just found out the name of
some like really healthy treats they're
like good for dogs or something so we're
gonna go buy some of them you're looking
forward to it very nice day we're just
editing at the moment working on Zoey's
new video which is going up tonight so
yesterday for you guys you have your
better so far yeah the shots of it
everything in the cars pulling off on my
lap Zoey is a super slow editor I try
it's not a bad thing it may be it just
means that you get everything exactly
right what's that thing the Harrogate
just always wins the race were you on
about Paul slow and steady wins the race
yeah well you're winning you got seven
million subscribers or something we got
seven million yeah no six million
like Philip are six and a half million
well if everyone watches videos and
subscribes and every seven million or
everyone is really unsubscribes than you
might be five minutes
it's at home time or no Zoey don't look
at the guinea pigs you can end up
getting another 17 oh no this is a
favorite toy yeah that one's quite big
that one's quite cute
where's her little one she has her tiny
little mr. Cox you guys must have seen
in the video so it's her favorite toy
and she sleeps with it every single
night
wait what do we come here to get treats
I'm gonna pick food guys we could get
this but not unless Zoey's not looking I
think she'd love playing with this I
mean I know it's a cap toy but that
doesn't matter
I honestly think oh she would love this
I think this or that I think that could
be encouraging her to scratch which we
don't want we don't want her scratching
or biting things oh yes we need to get
her a hairbrush because we've got one
but the one we've got trims her hair at
the same time or something so we need to
just get a normal hairbrush one yeah
that's the one that's the boy here he
hits this one irias serious just hanging
out of my five boyfriend's you know hey
guys
none of them look like that anymore at
all
is that your boyfriend that looks like
Alfie thing is dog been brands dog or
ollie white just got new dog new Lobby
they could give me a guys looking sharp
ease
maybe
that one little hole you don't know no
or one minute sorry about this
sorry about my new screen Allah let me
change a fee we need to go
goodness say come on
you know my god
let's go
you should you should try and join the
Olympic selfie do you see that one watch
this watch this
is that how you put your shoes on every
day bye take his camera so he's just
jealous of my shoe tricks fun is so big
it's like a great name
let me see it's like a great game poo on
top of her head I'm such a nice
boyfriend
we've been editing uploading editing
editing editing editing even more guys
and it is now eight minutes to eleven in
the evening and we come for a drive
through McDonald's a bit naughty but
delicious right guys I kind of haven't
really explained what we did tonight
basically I had to do entertain my daily
vlog upload my daily vlog and me and
Zoey edited all mostly sorry obviously
edited her main Channel video which was
me in her that went up tonight that took
so long because we filmed for like six
hours to film that video yeah and it's
been planning so much different stuff
basically we finished like filming and
editing and planning and all of that
we're both in separate rooms just going
working working working working working
good living stuff like working on
different projects and four until autumn
do we finish was it like eight minutes
to 11 or like 11 o'clock or something
like that I need some ridiculously late
so we ended up getting as you storm the
Donalds for dinner and then we because
obviously we left no no my parents have
snow a couple of hours whilst we were
working on all the videos and things so
that she could play if her brother we
went over to the McDonald's over to my
parents yet in the Donalds Ross Chatham
of my parents watching TV we're watching
some like hundred top Christmas bits or
moments or something like that something
really funny and and then remember
Donald's there and then we picked up
nano take her back here and then it was
like half past twelve or one o'clock in
the morning
it's currently 1:45 and I've got also
also also also after what to say and
load of posters got collected today and
they got and they've been sent out at
the moment so he ordered a poster
most of them should be coming out and
I've still got like a ward there a big
old wad to sign and then I've got
another low again picked up off of me
tomorrow which I've got a super exciting
day tomorrow all the people and all that
the gleam oh people being emo what the
hell is up with the green people don't
even after you know what that means
basically my Markus no Mosconi Jolie's
Jim Tania Casper Joe me Zoe Louise in
the fro and loads of people hanomag
staff sorry for left people out I'm not
naming everyone else's name in some
people and I will go into an amazing
amazing amazing hotel tomorrow in the
countryside and we're gonna have like a
big lunch and a big dinner and then the
next morning the boys are playing golf
and it's going really really nice in
fact no haulin goes to that hotel all
the time scored the growth so yeah I'm
super excited about that that's gonna be
really nice and like delicious you know
everyone there together but what it does
mean is that tonight is the only night
that I've got a load of posters let me
show you how many I've got all of these
all of these posters I've got to sign
tonight and I don't know how I'm gonna
do it guys so I've got a load Annette
load in there and then all of these left
to sign and I've only got tonight to do
it that's literally gonna take me like 1
2 3 even like 5 hours and it's already 2
o'clock in the morning what I might have
to do is sign a Lolita now for a couple
of hours go to bed at like 4:00 and then
get up early in the morning at like 7 or
8 because I'm get my hair cut tomorrow
yes I'm get my hair cut I'm so excited
and they get up at like 7:00 or 8:00 in
the morning starting with the rest
before I don't get my hair cut and then
before we travel to the Grove and also I
haven't even
started oh my gosh I haven't even
started my Christmas shopping like legit
haven't bought anyone a present I don't
even know what to do I just haven't had
time
literally all I'm doing at the moment is
just making videos and signing posters
because I just love doing it so much and
I want to get as many videos out for you
guys as I possibly can so I need to get
crackin with some online shopping I
think it's gonna be the best option for
me I've added a couple of things to my
boss flow on Amazon so I've got some
people's presents but I do need to go to
I don't have a clue what to get a Zoe
literally you don't have a clue what to
get so me guys oh well right I need to
get cracking with signing all of these
and I'm gonna get covered that asleep so
when you see me in the morning I'm
probably gonna be like Oh morning guys
or something like that anyways I'm gonna
go to sleep now thank you so much
watching today I don't have an earth why
don't have an earth don't have a clue
what I've logged how the hell did
actually don't have an earth I don't
even know I'm so tired but I need to
sign I want to sign them all I want you
guys to get them all before Christmas
that's my aim that's my biggest aim
right now bye I'm gonna end it log then
of a clue I blog today I hope you
enjoyed it somehow if you did give it a
thumbs up I will see you and I'm super
sleepy tomorrow morning because neither
wakes up every morning and like quarter
to 8:00 so I've got to be up early
anyway to look after her Zoe so I will
see you tomorrow
thank you so much for the support I love
you so much good night
