good morning good morning
door door door door
so I thank you this morning
just trying to make some breakfast try
to make scrub that's just about amazing
breakfast you've already had your
breakfast haven't you Missy haven't you
haven't you you've already had yours
she's in a very very excitable mood
she's just woken up from a nap and just
had a wee outside insolently which was
nice
some orange juice smooth what else fluff
my breakfast maybe actually I'm gonna
have a little bowl of cereal you know
always good to have a little bowl of
cereal in the morning just realize that
I did my teeth like two minutes ago so I
don't really want some orange juice but
what I'm gonna do is make master I got
some whipped cream hot chocolate oh wait
I do need to not back out and remember
some hot chocolate ages but it's winter
and it's cold I need a hot chocolate
also got blank space playing here I am
obsessed or this music video Taylor
Swift I love you just editing
yesterday's video guys and finishing it
up and going through it it was called
singing knowledge sleep and pug Meetup
it was such a cool day yesterday it's so
much fun meeting loads of other pups and
getting to see what she's gonna look
like when she's older and I've got her
sleeping on my lap wants to edit don't a
little one right it is smoothie making
time or juice making time actually it's
a smoothie or juice I'm gonna go with
juice this is my ingredients two apples
some orange juice some apple and berry
juice serviceberries hopefully is not
doing if that's our date Zoey do you
know what the date is all of the fruits
out date that doesn't matter that's fine
as long as it's not moldy
yeah it's not moldy great they look fine
red currants they look fine as well I'll
eat it all and then I'm also going to
get put a spoonful
powder in it which I don't even know
Hall on net microwaves going off there
we go I don't even know what green
powder is my sister just told me it's
really healthy so I'm gonna make one
char pity charge up and then lastly I'm
just gonna add in a load Oh Oh mr. Vyse
oh come on get in there y'all get in
there get up in here oh my gosh that's
full put that back on and give it a
little blend and they are we have it oh
it's so nice and cold right now you
should try it
I've never put in some of the weird
stuff like what was this the red berry
things I kind of remember I just bought
them because they looked healthy don't
even know if they are oh my god it's
good oh my gosh it's so good yes
Noah has never been up or down the
stairs before neither can you come down
Nullah
let's see mother now that she managed to
go up them I'm so scared
have you guys seen the dog videos before
YouTube where they just they all coming
down right let's just help come on baby
it's okay come on then come on Darla
let's see Betsy come on oh she's scared
oh she's gonna cover and going up your
mate you're making it worse for yourself
alright now let's see if she can go down
this one another come here come on you
know you can do it
come on Nala now ah
now that should I gonna get a treat what
she smell what is it what is it huh huh
come on baby come on come on oh good
girl another then the next one yeah give
another she couldn't one-step come on
come here
oh I think we just carry her down come
on ha ha oh it's his yawning as well
there ek it's okay baby you did one and
you managed to go up to them she's never
seen this test before normally we keep
this door and this door shut so she
stays in there but we let her out no no
no no let's get back up the stairs right
guys she's climbed back up look how good
she isn't coming up the stairs she
literally has no clue she's never been
up here before
no no come see daddy no see when she's
just been fully outside with me I just
took out for a week and she was right no
she's just so excited
guys we left the camera to see whether
she would do it by herself or not you
did it
no yay that's so crazy
the amount of dogs even like massive
dogs yeah
is she gonna back up the amount of
massive dogs guys that you see on
YouTube that like just can't go
downstairs and they just cry at the top
oh my gosh I'm so proud of her that's a
whole other thing I'll eat a whole other
part you know we're gonna have to get
one of those baby barriers maybe let us
know the comments river that's a good
idea or not just I want her to just
explore the whole house and have fun
when she's a bit older but I think what
we're still training her to poom we
outside I don't know because downstairs
is all wooden floor
so roughly sheep who's always it's okay
but as soon as she goes on carpets if
she pees always and makes a little
mistake then that's not the best so let
me know the comments were over that's a
good idea
come on they know that have you seen
yourself oh who is it who's it after
having my healthy drink and making it
all fresh of putting green powder in it
since then I've had five squares of
dairy milk and I'm now just tucking into
a chocolate pudding it doesn't look very
good on the camera my life it does you
ready let's see what it's like
oh yeah the camera's not wait let me
change your settings okay change the
settings guys on the camera looks a
little bit better
are you ready yeah look how good that is
hi over there how are you doing so it's
got no dog toy and now we are just
sitting down to watch together yeah good
we didn't get to watch yesterday we
watched oh and then we also go into what
today's X Factor because it is the final
and then did you want to win I want it
and drive it to win yeah and he went out
last night seen it yeah I don't know I
think Fleur might win I think not - no I
think I've been doing you know a real
ugly I want Ben over flurb I wanted on
Android to win and Ray if you're
watching
naught naught naught naught naught set
one chance you are I love you no one did
you do it okay far I think you were too
I think you ever do you know sometimes
whoever doesn't win goes further than
the people that do win we know that one
don't we we know that one yeah I don't
have a clue when the last of my vlog
words guys is currently half past two in
the morning it has been another late
night of a ridiculous amount of signing
for the posters for you guys
I'm just trying my absolute best to get
them out like Christmas and I didn't
realize how long it would take to sign
them all because I don't sign my Alfie
or a or anything I so I point this blog
and then a heart and then a kiss so it
takes really long to sign each poster
and also one of them to be good quality
so I got them printed like glossy so
they're like shiny it's really really
nice and the papers like really thick
which means that when I sign it I have
to leave it for a couple of seconds to
dry but the Sharpie so it doesn't smudge
so basically it's taking me a lot longer
to sign than I thought it would live in
that
wasn't ours every evening and I've still
got a ridiculous month sign and man is
coming to pick them up tomorrow to take
them to the warehouse to send out to you
guys and I've still got so many left to
sign so I'm gonna try and do a load
tomorrow morning and then I'm gonna try
and do like another day delivery I just
really really hope that the next I've
already sent three loads for delivery
and I know Lee do you guys already got
them and if it said to me picture so I
hope you enjoying them if you do I'm
just hoping that they only get the last
box there's a tiny chance that it might
not make it by Christmas but I promised
you guys I said on the website they will
be sent out by Christmas and I know some
of you comment on my video tonight
saying after you where's my poster and I
was like okay you know I said it would
be that by Christmas it's not going to
be there yet only some people have
received theirs so they are they are on
their way you guys I'm doing my absolute
best I promise you is hot bus 2:00 in
the morning
there's only went to bed at like 10 or
11 o'clock and was watching Christmas
films and stuff and I've literally to
incise signing for hours and hours so
thank you so much watching today stay
with me
hold tight on the posters guys they are
coming I promise you and I'm really
really trying my best not to get them to
you guys late I know like the vast
majority of you will get them on time if
any do come late will be very very small
percentage where I'm trying my best not
to get them late and if I need to then
I'll just like I don't even know if I
can pay someone more to like send them
to you early I don't know
I'm gonna try everything I possibly can
but they should bring get off get
they're all on time because I'm just
gonna be filming sign in like an utter
tomorrow morning to get them all done
before this guy comes and picks mug
right I need to get some sleep because
nyla wakes up in like five hours because
it's half past two and she wakes Bahat
by 7:00 every morning it's been a long
long day we films all these videos that
I forgot to tell you guys and that was
so much fun so that should be on the
same day as this it was an awesome
cooking video I'm not even telling you
more so go check out those
No go check out my new main channel
video if you haven't already it was like
a Christmas gift guide kind of thing
books my funny gifts and like serious
gifts for boys girls whoever hits
there's some really really cool stuff in
there just some ideas to what to give
you before Christmas yeah thank you so
much with the sport it honestly means
the world to me I love you so much I
will see you tomorrow I love you know to
say that I was leaving tomorrow tomorrow
I love daily vlogging so much I'll see
you tomorrow guys oh one last thing
sorry about the hair not sure you guys
looking that hate me for saying it so
much I'm joking I'm joking
goodnight guys I love you oh good say
get the video thumbs up if you enjoyed
it how did I forget that goodnight
