good morning guys i'm back to vlogmas it
was really really nice having a little
break but I'm back and I'm vlogging and
those with me Bella sit let us sit come
on
notice it yeah Donna like I'm vlogging
again baby lick hey baby
oh hey hey everyone who comes over is I
oh my gosh she's so much smaller in her
life than what I thought guys I can't
describe to you hey hey hey look crazy
one
Hey look crazy one hey look crazy one
how tiny she actually is but right now
I'm just making myself some breakfast
zoey is upstairs having a bar and it's
super early in the morning today I've
got such an exciting day pan and I know
you're gonna love it
so I'm glad that I'm back get up.get oh
not only thinks it's her food sorry baby
I'm glad that I'm back blogging today
I'm just eating my breakfast now guys
and look at the granola Hey
she's so cute literally since she saw my
last daily vlogs guys she's getting that
with her pooing and waiting outside like
I just took right now instantly just did
a way outside and came back in didn't
you little one early on this morning
what did you do you wanna tell everyone
what you did she took herself outside
she went by the door B over the door
took us up outside did a poo and came
back in didn't ya all by yourself
she's literally the best guys cool neck
baby
I like your neck hanging over the edge
yeah hey oh I'm sorry did I wake you up
come on you come sleep in my hand come
on there we go guys look at my sleepy
little baby hey hey Missy Hey
hey you cozy there are you oh she's so
sleepy
heyy right guys it's half-past eleven
and I'm still not dressed and planning
what to wear
I've decided my jeans and I don't know
what else to wear
we've got like a little cupboard here
with all our clothes in it what top oh I
can wear that top tumbler t-shirt
t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt t-shirt um or
this one this is the one I want
this guy here purpley that's nothing
that's a Christmassy color right perfect
boxes socks jeans t-shirt now I need to
jump in the shower guys may have the
shower now no pain I gave another she's
chasing me got what ah jump this where
did I go where they go where I go all
over your head oh no run mother quick ha
ha hey baby
should we go out should we go out we go
for a walk
hey Dada
get it get it Nala her gone get it this
is her favorite toy guys it's a pink
flamingo oh and she takes it to bed with
her and fights it go on go on honor
fight it go on go on
get him get him ha ha ha that's a little
growl it's like the most pathetic gone
are you in bed now you go to bed you go
to bed you go to bed you little bit oh
my god what's this what's this hello
guys we taught her again Nullah what's
this go I don't go
Rhea you gonna bring it back you're
gonna bring it back you gotta put in
your bed come on
I don't know let go you ready go yeah
you can bring it back you're gonna wrap
you can put in your bed again
ha ha ha give me it back
now that drop drop it drop it
come on come on drop it is silly one
what you do in this isn't the game okay
you played it then
now it's boring oh now you want to bring
it back do you come there drop it coming
in good girl
you ready go yeah not another another
good girl you ready you ready go ah ha
ha ha we are now at the pot guys both of
them have got the little jackets on hey
guys what you doing I've got little
Christmas jumps on knowledge wearing a
green one which makes a kind of look
like a little boy that doesn't matter
does it doesn't at all we are off just
down there there was like literally
about 60 70 people to go to a pug meet
up a Christmas Park
basically like VidCon or playlist but
for pugs I don't know how they're going
to react because nyle is only ever met
two dogs before buzzers met a couple of
other dogs like family friends dogs they
seemed okay now you know but once they
get in there with all the others look
over there you can't really see
my mum and dad here Israel Jack and
they're gonna get on so well they on
with each other who else comes worse
they just take them aside but they do
need to they need to learn oh my god
this is like the best thing ever
my god yeah they're all pugs it's a pug
meetup be good mister hey hey haha go
another it's okay it's okay it's okay
hey how's it going baby
hey baby how's it going she's doing good
guys come on let's go let's go oh good
he's so sorry
that was so cool literally that was so
much fun was it fun now ah now though is
it fun should look at my trousers form
other pugs that were like jumping up on
me and I just got a sausage roll in a
hot chocolate
did you have a good time yeah Nala
is like more adventurous than baths but
she was more scared bath was more like
getting proper involved all of them as
use more like settle back I think it's
really good she had a really good time
and another wife turn doing some wheeze
come on guys come on guys oh you have a
nap have a nap yeah earlier on when we
were at the pub Meetup
there was two men that had to the cutest
pugs ever called poppy and Alfie which
has listened like just such a
coincidence guys what are you playing
like hey hey and my gosh you're going to
be so dar they're going to fall asleep
in a minute what was I even saying yeah
there was a guy and he basically takes
his Pug out in his kayak like when you
have a kayak there's like a waterproof
compartment you can lift up and he puts
his Pug in there just sitting at the top
and then showing us pictures so yeah he
taught his pug to swim as well so if
you're watching Jonathan we need you a
kayaking again and we'll both take a dog
each five minutes later they're both
fast asleep buzzers down there in his
little bed now let's see I think it's
because of this they love the fire don't
you look one can you baby do you love
her
that fires men can be serious I know the
fires so warm
recording there's time for us to go
we're gonna go get some food from M&S
look does he know there is honest she's
got a joke she's working all right we
got sleepy she saw this she exactly the
baby due to sleep
she's a wave filming me sleep it looks
like a French Bulldog from here mmm go
baby go to sleep just go sake
just need go to sleep flick go baby
well great what make food at night it
worked in this it was lullabies pug
lullaby you have to sing about like
treats and biscuits
uncle best gifts and treats for my
nirvana
let's go before you go on man sorry
about that I'm sorry for us right let's
go get some food just doing some food
shopping guys though is in the cold
night
and Zoe as you know loves mashed potato
and they're claiming this is the
ultimate mashed potato
there's cheddar cheese mash that sounds
good but I think it's going to be
ultimate
leek and bacon mashed potato oh my gosh
right then I get one you can bake them
and then I'm going to get two ultimate
actually let me put each at the day 20 F
twenty eighth nineteen see that that's
the same but you don't want to buy that
one the last one day yes
get that guy this is the hardest thing
guys trying to get knowledge to poo
outside but she gets it sometimes she's
so good like earlier I let you two go
out instant poo gave her a tree praise
they brought it back in and now she's
singing up bro Zoe aren't ya she just
liked it watch your head are you haha
does like cute little thing where she's
at
I finished up shopping and what so much
delicious food in the oven at the moment
we've got lasagna and we've got mashed
potatoes and Zoe ultimate smashed did
you like the news ultimate mashed potato
the ultimate mashed potato and then I've
also got some potato rosti kind of
things she needs a pose she just doesn't
realize it she she is gonna go outside
she doesn't know it yet she's gonna go
outside and don't do dinner time dinner
town did my time y'all dimmer not dimmer
dinner that's the right word right let
me get some plate bowls out these are
the best thing if you don't have any I
should buy some ask your parents or
whoever you live with ask them Dwight
you they're like a cross between a bowl
and a plate it is like the best thing
ever you have like beans or pasta or
lasagna I can't go off the edges because
they two up slightly but then it's not
as deep as a bowl my vlogs are so
interesting oh my gosh
I'm joking they're boring as heck right
mister mister food oh man they look good
get out the oven and dinner is served
we have my meal here I like these things
more than mash and then Zoe's meal here
but she has more mass than these things
that looks so delicious and there is
still I didn't realize how much lasagna
we bought there's still like half a big
packet thing left so if one of us are
feeling particularly hungry after fridge
open then we've also got loads more to
eat I'm so excited
warm food when it's cold having the last
few days properly off of YouTube has I
don't know it's been really I think it's
been really good for me and not because
not blow
like that's not the issue not because of
the edges not because the film and I
love all of that in fact on the first
day that I didn't film I went to get my
camera out of my pocket three times that
day just out of habit
not because I knew I was a login because
I wasn't I told you guys that I was
going to have a little break for a while
and by just so funny things not am I
going to want to film it so it just
really showed me how much of a part mind
of like vlogging is of my life now and
yeah I think it was really really good
to have time off and really reflect and
to miss something so much like I think
you can only truly miss something once
it's been taken away from you because
you just get so used to having it and
it's just a standard everyday thing for
you I totally know where I'm going here
but basically I've realized over the
last couple of days how like just how
much you guys mean to me is insane like
I know I say a lot and I know a lot of
youtubers say this but like honestly
thank you so much for everything you do
for me
now I was I was in town and this was
like two or three days of not dead like
into not daily vlogging and obviously
some of you guys came up to me and I
said hello didn't group see but there
was two people in particular that
stopped me I don't know if they're
watching hi if you're watching and to 20
year old
one boy and one girl emotional over the
boyfriend a girlfriend those who ever
their friends or whatever the two like
20-odd stopped me and they just seemed
so happy to see me like I'm not saying
it too big myself up at all on his like
what would be the point and but just
like instantly like the smile on their
face just from seeing me in person was
crazy like being able to make somebody
happy and I know it like you may say
watching this video is making you happy
now but that's hard for me to see
because obviously I can't see you
watching the video but seeing like and
it does happen the quite a lot of times
but particularly because I wasn't
vlogging at the time I felt like I was
off from YouTube I was distancing myself
from YouTube this
people stopped me and they were just
saying that it just makes them really
happy and they were just saying thank
you so much because it brightens up our
day when we're feeling down and it was
nice to just stop and have like I was
probably chatting to them for a good
five minutes with my sister and it was
just so nice to have a chat with people
a proper chat not just like my videos
about them about what they're up to and
it it was really nice knowing that these
videos that I make like what I'm feeling
right now I don't know just meet some
people so happy and I mean I know
they're not for everybody if you're
watching this video you think it's
loaded I wish then I don't know why
you're watching it to be honest like you
don't have to watch on the asking you to
goodbyes and but yeah is it was just a
real eye-opener and I know it's happened
many times and I don't know why this one
time stuck with me so much but just
thinking back to it like they were so
sweet and they were so happy just to see
me like that is in why I don't know I'm
nobody special guys I'm literally doing
I'm the exact same as you i watch
youtube videos everything but I also
just sometimes pick up pick up a cam but
I also sometimes just pick up a camera
and speak to it as well and it's crazy
so I just wanted to say like thank you I
don't take any of it for granted
honestly I'm really done and having
these couple of days off without
blogging has really shown me how much
not only you guys mean to me how much I
love making videos and everything all
put together just yeah it's crazy so I'm
back
I'm daily vlogging again I'm in the
better mood than ever to daily vlog I'm
going to put more app into my main
channel videos I want to put more F into
my gaming videos yeah I don't really
know I think I'm going to end up long
here guys because I've got a load of
these posters let let me quickly show
you I've got a load of these posters
here which I put for sale but they're
all sold out now I've got a load of them
to sign basic
because I said to you do you want merch
and then I thought it would be nicer to
have like an inspirational poster so I
started selling some of them and then
they all sold out only printed like a
bulk of them and then they all sold out
within the first day of going live so
I'm working on some other merchandise at
the moment I know you guys are going to
blooming love it
I know you are and yeah I've got a good
few hours of signing to do tonight and
then I've got a little bit of work to do
on tomorrow's main Channel video oh it's
gone up tonight it's been probably
already up I put up a main channel video
tonight everyone go over there and
comment on the video what you think I
should get Zoey for Christmas helped me
out and give it a thumbs up if you do
vote for those I love you so much but if
you don't I also let me just as much I I
don't know and but yes I'm going to go
in how because I've got some of these
posters I hope you enjoyed the punk meet
up today I don't know how much I filmed
because I didn't really want to just
film other people's dogs which thought
it might have been a bit weird it was so
much fun
and neither of us loves it I hope you
love Nala and baths yeah thank you so
much watching today guys give it a
thumbs up you enjoyed it now I'm back
give this video a thumbs up if you're
excited that I'm back daily vlog in yeah
I was Itamar guys goodnight I love you
so much
do more makes you happy sorry about my
hair that it's a mess sorry about my
hair sore a lot more hair though Jake it
okay can that guys I love you
