good morning guys my mum is working in
London today so we've got buzz a they
haven't way sleepy man
mr. sleepy come on let's have a sleep he
does he tries to fight sleep so he just
stays sitting up and we've also got Nala
who's just it's just flop she's got
anything they weren't always like this
I assure you they've been crazy they are
there we go good boy they've literally
been crazy for the last two hours we
have them to do anything else other than
just play with them and try to make them
stop play fighting so much we're like
please go to sleep guys but yeah and
they're just so so excited to see each
other which is really cute no no you can
have a nap and we're gonna go not
upstairs and do some nut house chores
because we still haven't finished like
unpacking from when we moved in so it's
still unpacking all our clothes and
we've got so much washing to do and I
don't like we've got those house boring
house stuff today so I'll see you in a
bit even though I only just started the
day come on please be sleepy time
go and sleep together yeah you good to
sleep now like my mum yeah she's yawning
there we go
that's so going guys she wants to cuddle
she both put them in the both in the big
one I do it it's been quite a while
since I last blogged it's now in the
evening it's now in the evening now in
the evening great language Alfie it's
now evening time and let me just show
you downstairs to downstairs we have our
canvas and friends is friends it's
always on Comedy Central at 24 SEC or no
basically means only about to film
camera all of our filming is done and oh
my gosh I'm not gonna tell you how it
went no I am here when blooming amazing
I am gonna tell you how it went and now
look what we're doing let me stand back
why how many rows have we got I get
smaller and thinner and thinner look how
good it is oh it around
no I meant to smile next to the tree it
looks so good we need to put a little
thing on the top though that looks
amazing you happy I need to go and edit
a video now so I'm leaving the Christmas
tree like this and currently has three
ball balls on it make that for one
second
oh I'm not sure I like it hanging on the
other one yeah yeah oh thank the
Christmas tree in there yeah I like that
one
alright I'm leaving all of that with you
I'll put you cut the tag off I'm gonna
go and edit a video and then it's the
Christmas tree challenge time for Zoe
you've got to make it look as good as
you can yeah twinkly lights I've been
editing a new video for this Sunday and
it's a good'n it's a selfie video and I
think it's like 14 minutes long but Zoe
likkle one don't - show me the Christmas
tree yeah you want to show me yet oh hey
no no hey baby
hi guys I sees your one doctor in Tibet
now I didn't get to show you what the
Christmas tree look like because as you
saw so he fell asleep and I didn't want
to go and look at it without showing me
what he was like so I guess he can have
to wait tomorrow to see the Christmas
tree but so will I as I'm excited as
well and tomorrow it's a bit of a
exciting day because we're hanging up
with Skoda Jolie's Tania and GM and Zoe
in the park obviously the guinea pigs
it's just gonna be super super cool but
and
sorry I didn't come to much today guys
means I we had to film that video which
all the puppets then I have to edit
another video for gonna this Sunday
because I'm away now I'm busy until some
day so I do edit that and then I had to
literally just sit on the floor in my
office by like outlets and just sign the
post with you guys now still hardly done
any compared to the man that I need to
do so and I just don't even know I don't
even up the time I don't at the time so
he's kindly 2 minutes to 2 and I've got
to be able to 8 o'clock tomorrow morning
so thank you so much what to say guys
that means so much to me giving me a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll
food to my
