hey guys get more then this bug my stay
tuned and it's 6:30 in the morning we're
awake I don't know why he's always so
wide away the frozen um quote like the
sky's awake so I'm awake because the sky
is not awake is pitch-black basically
because we went both went to bed early
last night so ant about it like quarter
to 10:00 and I'd bet about half past
10:00 and neither went to bed at 10
o'clock because she went to bed at 10
o'clock
we can't leave obviously he's sleeping
too long so we need to come back up and
as he take her out for a week so I wake
up 1/2 plus 6 because we put to bed
early last night she chose that lay she
did for this issue's yeah she fucked I
tried to wake up I text my mom
what's buzz doing is he awake asleep she
was at his awake I was so excited I was
like he can't wake up a sleeping puppy
it's not it's not meant to be good for
them so I was like ok I'll pick her up
anyway and I picked her up and it would
pick it up wake up oh yeah hole 6
picking out woke her up and then I put
her in my arms she just went she however
she's never gonna wake up I did that
yeah you're exactly the same right we're
gonna get up there guys I look at my
stitches actually you might not want to
see them judiciously to Badgett no it
reminds me of when I was in Texas oh
don't pull it put dewdrop remote I did
subscription like no you didn't oh fuck
fuck
I'm sorry not skin yeah all right you
could have says you we need to do the
common goods - Stevie I think oh yeah we
thought you having colour - yes - the
payment bill one I actually think you
should try the Lego one cuz they're not
gonna want to watch both on both
channels no we'll just do the Lego on a
mine I'll go into town and buy one
yeah um well you go walking on and take
it away I'm gonna go back to sleep
that's not how they work it is I feel so
tired
the same but there is no we're not
parents pretty much by no come on
we had the vets Nala you know that Dana
can count how she doing
how's clouds doing doing good he's had
his first assassination no second
vaccination me so Jose just got here now
guys how was your trip right this is the
first time you've been here I'm not the
last that we'll use to see the zombie
house do you like it yes noise look what
he arrived with this was his present for
Nala and the mouth legit moves you talk
oh come on Martha if you want to see him
use it you can sit oh my god it's even
got teeth yeah you can see him use it'll
be in his vlog you uploaded it you do
vlogmas Masson yeah Masey
it was alvin in Bloodless I'm like I saw
and then I saw Jonathan Jonathan asked
auntie Joanie's you know
guys I honestly think I might do vlogmas
this year haha
you guys idiots another where you sniff
in will you sniffing little one she was
what's that what are you playing with
what are you playing with hey what is
that does that be a food did you find a
little bit of food
she was very good today weren't you you
got your second injections and you
didn't even moan and then you had a
little moan for like 20 seconds when you
got your microchip but that one was big
one wasn't it as a little bit nasty
other than that you were all good aren't
you
she's just recently today found out that
she can see her own tail
so she chases her tail around right I
need to go oh you follow me if you're
going to come and eat it with me I need
to edit yesterday's date of look I
haven't done it yet you're going to come
and do it what you to lick there's no
beats in that box it's completely empty
right I'm gonna go to edit yesterday
what we doing for dinner Joe hi George
going out the room Zoe what we doing for
dinner
I don't know really house populated in
this house yeah I know
there's even pug cooked hangouts and
poker oh yeah so unlike a million
different viewers buyers popular we're
all a pop calendar backflip you are all
guys have got to shit what arrived at my
house earlier today take a look you know
the posters they released on my main
youtube channel which were limited
edition they sold out like 21 hours or
20 hours or something insane well they
all arrived there is tons of them for
you guys I can't even believe how
quickly they sold out and I'm signing
them all now look I'm literally just
signing putting it to the side so I'm
pen to the side it is absolutely insane
I've got so many to sign and this is so
awesome I just can't wait for you to see
them like they're so nice and they're
like slightly shiny on the text ah
they're so nice the only thing is I kind
of didn't order one for myself so I'm
going to steal someone's now I'm joking
I'm not really I'm not really I'm going
to have to order a couple more if I can
do that
I hope I can because I want one on a
frame one and I put it up on my wall
somewhere which would be really really
nice they're so cool I'm trying to think
about other merchandise now because I've
never really thought about it before but
you guys went crazy for this poster so
if you want any other merchandise let me
know what kind of merchants it's like I
think this is blackberry cases shoes
socks t-shirts I don't even know let me
know the comments what merchandise you'd
like to see me do and I'll try and do
some fun things because this wasn't just
like pointlessblog branded this was like
a quote that I'm really inspiring and I
love and this is so cool I just I cannot
wait wait wait for you to have this on
your wall obviously I'm not just any
because they're mine
but they're so nice and I'm so happy
about that what isn't Allah doing it's
not oh wait now I'm gonna try
sorry guys I'm stepping on some of your
posters hey gorgeous
hey ed time haha I keep on forgetting
guys and I showed this morning to let
you know that Rob no not knock first
blood once isn't over yet November
Movember I'm not doing vlog idea I'm so
tired
guys yes it's almost 100 Movember is
over but this is my final massages and
focus Jo oh no wait wait there it is a
football play spiders legs coming out
without lip and eye yes tricks here
whatever ego not hair I know this was
only saying I've got a new patchy bit
yeah even here patching with patches and
look thank you guys so much for donating
on the last day of November we managed
to raise up to 5,000 pounds which is
crazy so thank you guys so much that was
like top 10 most people donated or some
like that I'm most donated individual in
the UK sorry for your watching one of my
old videos then is that what's up guys I
was like what and yes that's crazy you
guys are awesome and thank you so much
that's going to make a real difference
and of course if you didn't already know
the cause of Movember
is to raise awareness and obviously
money for men's health and prostate
cancer testicular cancer and mental
health issues that men go through and
then have I'll leave a link down below
to my Movember page if you just want to
read up not donate because it's audio
that's finished but just read up about
that and get educated in it because it's
something that I feel is very very
important but it's now 22 - in the more
and I've been up since 7:00 something up
19 hours I am a crazy when Joe woke up
like you're a nutter
Joe I've got like six hours ago yeah it
was high over so bad
he went out last night last night I
drank way too many sherbert you did
drink sure buddy nice showed you snitch
no you don't sniff cheddar
that's what no that's when you make your
friends with you like they're your
friends to sniff share thank you making
it put shit on your tongue um I'm off
watching this video from last for my
moving bell Blazers in last year look
how young I look relax Fred's head that
was the worst video I've ever seen with
us as in like most painful not as in bad
guys as in most painful video I've ever
seen they whacked their friend's head
yeah I don't want to see it dog bone is
so wack someone's hey guys Oh bud type
in head waxing fail and find the one be
jolly in it haha no no no isn't going to
do it no yes
dude every day after he had to go to a
clinic and have like what was it they
had to shave this no I didn't do it
get some wax rest his head like properly
the ladies that had to the professional
wax on his head I had to go complete
bowl always I make sure you take
painkillers two hours before you come in
because we've been agony oh my god
waxing and did his head right guys
no oh my god behind it it's hair
follicles on the paper oh my god that
video right guys I'm gonna end the date
a bug here thank you so much for
watching today I hope you enjoyed all of
what you saw Joe thinks that he's gonna
do rod mess yeah he remembers comment
down below if you remember how bad I
used to be uploading daily vlogs normal
vlogs everything I'll excuse black guys
I'm gonna vlog playlist live used to
film all that never blown over I've got
on my laptop when we find it I've got
one here no I've got in my folder
VidCon 2014 vlog story to go up and put
up yeah I'm gonna wait till end every
Christmas Eve but part of love must know
you and
oh yeah I was a run put up one day
DiNozzo knows and come to because I guys
I've got VidCon no I see in the content
like confuse up what why is he gonna get
loaded but never played the litter I've
got so many blogs like that but now I'm
really really good upload in and Jose
Jose can attempt to do vlogmas as well
so yeah now I'm the worst one no you're
not no yeah you've done if you don't
don't want to do - yeah yeah yeah
social good no no no so yeah it's a
little little blighter
so got the old camera though I'm not
moving up on the way what's on the old
take I dropped it in a day and it still
works as ah-ha you have some weird swing
didn't talk with him so with Chippenham
talk with you know swing then almost but
this blog is good like two hours long
this my blogs always so long who don't
worry I'll swim and right I always
notice how windy it was and I realize
the word wind is in Swindon oh yeah it's
uh Benjamin
have you been toy vlog that in you and
the ends are so interesting if you're
sendin yeah happy me no it's not windy
is I've been to try to impart on the 20
yours was the train line this a little
bit from the wind sorry about your eyes
and yeah give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it going art follow my
travel blog I've got trouble bother you
don't you ever grab on well and pain in
watch this travel well my joke hello
Jake now the real thing Joseph travels
look nah oh my god look real life I am
traveling with two of my friends but do
people know about this your viewers know
about this oh yeah see if anyone's
viewing it right now you can see like
the views but look I used to editor
pictures like make me cool oh yeah that
blog yeah bro well here even is Joey
look like the UK that's what I mean what
is that
I don't glove a sir psycho Sid or his
name was me I hadn't blocked the flood
away I was original huh
so where they've got big because annoyed
ass gonna be my thumb now
you can see a know kind of good nut
picture Oh hot hot Malfoy focus it or
you've got four five hundred members
look like a fit Malfoy what you saying
scroll down you can see people are
looking at real time I think maybe if
I'm gonna logged in on a night no she
don't never total pageviews 251,000 mill
I'm saying but now offices Foucault's
out half a mill probably I write I'm
ending this video guys yes we always
there was so much to talk about we have
we can do they do let me show you my
Thailand pit oh my jaw I'm most proud of
my tie line pictures look crickets we
see on the street
that's my friend Ning and Nash's again
oh yeah that's me like my prime well
fucking hunk boy your hair looks you
like is it Jo me in between artists it
was taken I jump off this rock and
diving so you dare do played it man
later no you didn't clear the mountain
the everybody rock fight look how good
the my photography was look Thailand
2k11 back at koh tao look at me jump in
look how cool a look and lucky is in my
hotel room besides look at this that
like to be a professional going for
either shun glass church gold like my
fridge or whatever aviators aviators
is some great look medium these my team
is listening for Instagram this is
before Instagram came out this is before
I this probably YouTube channel look at
me I've got pushed off a boat
look guys live in life there he is Greg
killing it look at me dressed as a
ladyboy
no that's no that is me know that when
she is dressed as lady boys he went to
the lady boys show right and they said
we need volunteers I was like sob that
Kim that one yeah that's actually your
worst nightmare but took me backstage
and then I took my makes like vakani
more zones they came with me and then
wrapped our clothes off and then put in
dresses and wigs and put lipstick on us
then we have times dance the white
elephant
yeah I didn't like this because they
didn't treat it literal but they wrote
one fan monkey that's also closed well
but it was cool picture with just how
heavy the rain was look yeah see look
how cool it is I still have another
areas Hey
well a good picture me is Jimin that's
Jason in the ceiling me and my mate
boy his swings back laughing lucky
you're right this guy now is massive we
could knock this guy out and then we
went to the washed up some Thai boxing
and stuff I got to up on a bar for a
little bit and Thailand
it's what kind of Obama in the Thai Baht
two years my life there was none - yeah
it would've been at two days not even
that two hours I swear - nice make my
own barbecues and stuff that's my mail
my moped guys I'm so sorry about Joe
boring you know they love it look at
that a bit of history this is Thailand
look at me look because look at all this
need a little books huh let's meet soon
that's like that overnight trains you go
in I want to go on one of yeah and tuk
tuks they were sick do you know we could
be to pay him to do wheelies are you
giving me our money oh yeah if what
about a red light but yeah okay
it goes through red lights and then
mutters look like a happy is freaking
low in life we swap t-shirts I don't
know why then she cut my hair no look
look at happy look about that house
funny thing is I did I think I don't
they can look at your blog if they want
I'm ending this video guys okay let's
see how many thumbs up we can get it
thumbs up if you enjoyed Joe's rubbish
yeah great guys comment beau you you're
not Oh honest opinion on my input this
love D vlog vlog this pointless
that's your blog in a Thailand blog yeah
what is it travel with Joe blogspot duck
only UK yeah everyone go follow him he's
got five hundred forty five million
amongst my members
I'm gonna go travel next year in January
you have to age it so comment me where I
should go at what point and below where
I should go
and also and he'll update here's John
Travel Joseph Trevor look although
you're gonna keep that head up yeah yeah
all right so I entered there the only
time I made that head of no and bike
you're such an idiot
good night guys
