good morning guys it is lunchtime and
I'm feeling a little bit better as you
know from yesterday's video I wasn't
feeling 100% so we heard on the TV so I
went to bed at like 2:00 p.m. and left
sorry to look after not all day and so I
enjoyed yesterday's vlog Nala we're over
at my parents house and poppy and Shawn
as well and both of them were just
having a little nap
this is buzz skipping and I was falling
asleep as well she loves this bit yeah
they're being robbed
last night she woke up at 1:00 in the
morning
so he perfed at 10:00 p.m. last night
then she woke up at 1:00 in the morning
and I could hear her like making a
whining noises so I went down and took
her out for a way and then she wouldn't
fall asleep unless our sketch in here or
not scratching so I playing with her
here rubbing her look the bus is neck
you like to break your neck little man
hahaha there's so diny what are you guys
watching on TV they're so sleepy just
every funny way you've just strolling on
that market haha
okay hey hey come on Ola we're gonna go
now you can say goodbye to bars
goodbye mister goodbye hahaha see you
soon no she's just here because I had
that treat look at all of this it's all
dirty
I had their treats on my top earlier so
that's why they lovin it
bye-bye you can say goodbye to each
other Oh got a brush each other out the
way
goodbye mister I see you soon you gonna
go Navin up now in your bed yeah
goodbye we're currently back home I've
taken in Bradley's vlog and Alfie was
just editing his video and Nala was
looking at her reflection in the door
and doing all the loot look what is that
you ever yes that is this this at Nala
lose it all so guys can I just what the
follow yeah want to tell them something
we took a lot of outside within two
minutes you we'd gave her a treat she
came back in like she's getting there
with the training we're doing really
well we've got one pad there just in
case but she's not used that actually
that's a leaf not a piece of paper so
you know Nala no who's that
whose is this hey I think I see who's it
that was me by the way oh that was
nothing
Hey hey gorgeous no what is that
who's it oh no I don't see scared they
run again no barkas thank you see maybe
she's gorgeous look cocked on maybe
she's cooked on that it's a reflection
I just love the way they walk haha can
go over your head
hey where's everyone go to it yes your
friend is your right is your friend is
your friend he's your friend
yeah yeah just look so funny you're
carrying that massive thing in her mouth
yeah the wrong size you need at your
video but she took my purse is it like a
palm tree my parents have in their
garden it's like a pond
oh look she always takes it onto your
lap when she explained this long as you
walk back into our parents house loosely
speaking I'm a size doesn't matter to
you does it see little girl whenever she
picks up her toy she brings it onto your
lap wherever you are
she just that's her happiest on
someone's lap with the toy to chew she
loves you know he was lap she is
definitely a lap dog or a sofa dog
I know but more recently we've been a
bit more like maybe we should have let
her on the sofa so much so we've put her
bed down here so she's still right next
to literally my feet have been here and
she's just snoozed here for a really
long time like the end of the sofa she's
gonna oh my god yeah that came out of
his ball you put treats in this ball
really yeah oh it's one that she's
already eaten one out of it like that
it's there oh let's just it
no you ate my job every day I'll let you
know no please mrs. mrs. huh you've got
to do something good is it in regard to
sit okay you take that you know but your
jobs are used to get her to sit I can do
Nala go to bed no does she do that one
she does look hey no yeah Ivan got it
Nala no go to bed
Christmas interest into this go to bed
Nala look it's still here good ahead
NOLA is it intimate she looks like shed
what it is cuz your other hands close
open your hand
no not open it show host knowing that
don't have it don't have it here is
intimate intimate because she sleeps
inside this little crate thing guys
we're trying to teach you that it isn't
just like a scary sleeping place that is
actually just like a cozy like little
bedroom for her so she sometimes finds
it a bit scary to go in there but we're
teaching her but it's a good it's a good
play are you ready son
yeah oh she came out even with a treat
did she bring out yeah oh the tree even
though it's tiny guys she can't eat it
in one go neither combust
we had these other trees that were
literally don't like this big and they
just run around with him in the mouth so
it oh yeah they wouldn't even know what
to do with that bees one thing is that
yummy at least you're not eating leaves
today she tried to eat some of the
leaves from room and were taken out for
the toilet yesterday didn't ya didn't
you also if some of you're wondering why
we're not taking her for a walk out in
public yet on the lead she hasn't had a
second injection she's getting that when
she getting us at Tuesday in two days
she's getting a second injection yeah
and then a week after that she'll be
able to go out into parks and things
oh poor dog eh okay so he's just trying
to Train dollar to sit and it's going
pretty well watch this Mulla Mulla sit
sit get care yes so good yeah she's
literally sat on command in about about
seven times now
so crazy weight as well I'd probably be
set for yeah yes know just like bummed
up you have to hold sit down below two
or three seconds I was so proud of her
in front of me how did you did you need
to do it now
you don't want her to just live over
there I'm not sure she just listened to
you yeah you should probably try it okay
though I need to go try now that notice
it no notice it good she sat there one
adesh is it not yeah how do we sit this
is easy so good going on you get her
another another no that's you silly come
on
no that's you a sitting at one come on
come on dog into your head that's you
come on done that thing game guys where
I just turned into the worst daily
vlogger in the world and I don't blog
marks know me over and we just had a
wagon on this and I'm feeling a little
bit better now my stomach's not cramping
as much I think that's because I've
eaten cuz I'm eaten in 48 hours which is
long but when you started talking she
got a high person she's trying to get to
your thing
hey hey hey hey are you doing what you
doing no one
you coming over here you coming of it
she's got nowhere to stare Oh
come here give me Oh
v√°manos hey Piper to speak so quickly
no we don't do bite in do we we just do
cuddling hi guys I'm now tucked up in
bed had a really nice evening hanging
out in Zoe Nala Marx know me miss Connie
1:00 in the morning so many goats eat
now I bloom gonna wake up feeling a
little bit better I feel probably about
20% better than earlier but still my
chest hurts so much which is really
annoying me hey Ron thanks so much
watching steak you enjoyed it give a
thumbs up thanks so much all the sport
on the two new videos I leave a link
down below to pay for them if you want
to check them out there's some super
cute Nala footage and stuff and I'll see
you tomorrow night guys love you
