good morning guys is 9 o'clock in the
morning and I am wide awake because
today is the day that we get niala I am
so so excited how excited is Ari
like literally in two hours time my life
is gonna change forever
that was Joe have a dog yeah no but
these guys are chilled in like this
little cage thing we have to introduce
mr. guinea pigs today yeah they're gonna
become best friends but like constantly
guys 24/7 forever we're gonna have like
a little guy a little girl no guy little
gal running around who nyla who's black
pug if you don't already know
oh my gosh right let's go and get her
are you ready here she is hey Darla know
that she said where you trying to climb
the sofa hey pretty logo are you doing
what are you doing
wanna come up yeah there we go
hey she's a tiny little black pug and
her name is na la la la hey hey yeah guy
she she honest he knows her name no sin
Allah
no she's ha she doesn't know
where you are Zoe come and come to show
me where you are
she's looking where she bought CEO no
gun come on
she doesn't know it today we've got a
lot of words don't let yesterday wait
we've got a lot of work to do guys got
teacher her name teacher 2 p.m. we
outside who and we outside she's so cute
hey hey no one what are you doing on
there come on
the time Darla meets the guinea pigs hey
hey wait do you know crazy man your
guinea pigs are so chilled they're like
oh see a thing is guys we're getting a
brand new little puppy like this is that
every single thing that neither does
like anything is for the first time oh
oh oh yeah hey she's so adventure a
little girl actually she's chilling out
now she just waited on the snow for so
bad
yeah she's relaxed now she's been
sniffing the sofa for that like so long
did she wait and try to jump up see what
you look in you look at her nose you're
so cute aren't you aren't we do you
doubt that
I love you so much smell this watching
TV without me she's so she's just that
watching the TV it's like huge thing no
hello she loves the Kardashians though
guilty pleasure
Nalla loves the Kardashians already the
reason she has a harness on it's because
we've been taking her outside to try and
make her peace
we have you outside yes have you been
driving them to win to that side have
you know Nana's gonna wash the crest of
the Kardashians because she is so into
it right now no she wants to go to you
for a cuddle now can you see outside
well you don't want to go up there like
the window sill
it's notice in her tweet in her bed we
wanted to know if she likes tweets or
not so we gave her one for the first
time and she didn't really know what to
do with that and now she's eating it
guys let go for them a hair mum and dad
probably sure the whole bars are back
and they're going crazy they're so
excited
hey buzz are you doing Alfie doesn't
feel very well he's been asleep here for
a bit he didn't feel well he's not felt
well for a while but he didn't feel very
well this morning either and so he has
gone up to bed so I thought I would vlog
some things I'd move on his vlog to end
because this is supposed to be like the
most exciting time ever I feel so sorry
for him because now me and all are just
chilling she's actually asleep next to
me she just follows me around like a
little shadow he's sleeping
but anyway we've been taking her outside
lots of times she's in a wee Alps I
highly doubt very proud she's had no
accidents inside so far so that's good
and she's just doing a lot of playing
and snoozing and Alfie he's doing a lot
of snoozing because he's not very well
so I will carry this on as much as if
anything happens but if I don't and this
is the end of Rob
which I'm hoping it's now I'm hoping
he'll just have a little map and he'll
get up and he'll feel fine again
but he's really not feeling very well
but Nala is keeping me company
Nanna careful mrs. your work on the edge
she's so cute so basically this could be
good night and thank you for watching
I'm sure there'll be lots more of Nala
in tomorrow's video or if anything else
happens I feel we I've decided to
introduce Nala to Pippin so now this
here she's being very good aren't you
Pippin we'll just see how this turns out
what's that careful gentle gentle oh do
keep it in Nala she wants to see if your
bum took guinea pig my game pigs have
never been introduced to anything other
than a guinea pig another guinea pig
look Nana it's like stretching you but
stroking a guinea pig I've ever bought
the same size it's actually the same
Nala is licking Pippins foot now there
it's not your baby you don't need to
lick it lick Evert foot now let's stop
licking the guinea pig kibbutz we doing
do you love him do you love him
do you love him
is he a new boyfriend I think I might
put Pippin away now that's enough what
you're obsessed with his feet why do you
love his feet is that your doggy
instincts to clean oh that's the
strangest thing
