good morning guys Morgan and che have
already left
oh I should probably lock my computer my
mum is over and we are just one second
no go to sleep go to sleep computer and
we just taken more stuff to the tip
literally my life is just taking things
to the tip at the moment you guys don't
see it always I need to my watch off the
drum don't see you on camera but I am
back for the tip with my mum literally
every single day we have so many boxes
just unpacking things that are arriving
at the house right that's the last lot
two cars full and I'm back and two hours
later I am back from the tip which was
dirty cold wet and effort something that
I don't want to do but you just have to
do those things in life and then I went
shopping to bought loads of foods which
let me just quickly show you there this
is what I got
I'm feeling really ill if you can't
already hear how ill I sound I feel like
so poorly and apparently this is really
really good when you have a cold in your
hair and stuff but then I bought this
some small dog junior food whatever but
no no we were getting on Saturday we're
getting on Saturday morning and then
guinea pig food more guinea pig food
milk water
pasta pasta chicken some bloomin good
food but I just wanted to show you
because I'm so excited here all of this
stuff is from one of my book signings
cuz I did Manchester Birmingham New York
London all of them and I got all of
their presents that you guys gave me
from all of them except in New York
bombing of a Manchester this is one of
them I don't know which one yet because
I haven't opened up with the stuff I
think it's on Birmingham no I did the
other day I got all my stuff from
Manchester and I went through it with
Zoe in the front room I forgot but the
one that I haven't got yet is in New
York or is that New York maybe this is
some new oh my god it is
look Barnes and Noble this
my presents from New York they shipped
this yeah so then one meetup that I
haven't got
was it Birmingham Manchester I don't
know I'm still waiting for one meetups
no keep us and meet up one book signings
worth of gifts from you lot it's crazy
look how many gifts you gave me that
have been sent all the way from New York
to the house I'm so excited to go
through them later on but I'm like
feeling so poorly guys so I'm going to
quit he unpack with this shop in put
some ice in a glass with some lucozade
and I don't even know I just feel like I
want to get into bed and tuck up and
just stay warm because I feel really
cold you know and usually cold and weak
and like if someone was to like flick me
or not not that that's not withing
someone to do it would like really hurt
yeah and still feel too good at the
moment sorry for the vlogs being a bit
more down a bit slower and not as much
footage and that's just because I'm not
feeling great but after carry on carry
on hey boys are you hungry
Percy are you hungry Percy come on let's
see I think you'd sleep it on oh there
he is he's come in Percy
oh no that's where you can't come know
the ladder it's falling down I'm so
sorry Percy there we go now you can come
there we go I literally checked them
like five minutes ago when I came in and
the ladder hadn't fallen down and now
it's falling down hey boys are you
hungry for a snack are you let me give
you some of this let me give you a big
old handful of this there's some wait
I'll give you some more you've been
really good haven't you always been away
any go are you enjoying that Hey
there we go dinner is all cooked and it
looks absolutely disgusting buy assure
you it's not especially like little
roast potatoes with the most delicious
sauce ever and chicken got my lucozade
and I am obsessed with this like I love
this song so much but also this music
video is bloomin amazing but also the
Greg James video on the radio one
YouTube account if you haven't seen
their blank space Taylor Swift the Greg
James when they're like in the back of
the car though they're driving the car
together love it so much I'm lit she
watched you like four times get into the
evening now guys it's hot Hospital I'm
just feeling more ill and more older I
sound so bummed up so sorry if I look
like rubbish but I'm ill that's how it
is I'm headed in the third video for
today now guys and I just thought I
don't want any what the video is or what
it's called so I'm gonna cover up on the
screen but that that is a freeze-frame
from the new gaming video I am gonna be
uploading for the millionth time to
mention just to let you know just in
case you've missed the other daily vlogs
on the uploading 5 gaming videos a week
in December so I'm trying to build up a
big bug to make sure that I don't slack
that's the aim also I just tweeted
where's my tweet I'm having to use the
mouse with my left hand
what was my tweet here do then I'm
hopefully releasing something for you
very for the very first time this
weekend I've got something super
exciting coming and I can't tell you
what it is and hopefully they'll be
coming this weekend and then I just
tweeted now saying I stay put this
makeup a gigantic ability there's
something very exciting it's coming and
it would be you alike know do makeup I
like laughing imagine if I had a makeup
line that would be like you'd have to be
like the three minute makeup challenge
so I predict you let's make up
it would be like makeup to get the look
like this selling that in the shop to
get the mono brow with this blog look
pointless make
there we go guys don't joking is not
really that but there is something very
exciting hopefully is coming this
weekend I hope so
don't judge the hair guys but I'm hungry
again so I just made myself what didn't
make you heat it up in the oven some
little tomato and cheese pasta and I'm
gonna go to sleep now because I feel
like ill were level point about 8.5 out
of 10 I'm contemplating whether to kind
of a bath first
or just get straight to bed but I think
just an early night drinking lucozade
which apparently let me know in the
comments if it actually does apparently
does help like flu and ill or like that
kind of thing I don't know custom on
getting up super early to go to London
hang out my sister she was like no don't
hang out of your l-bomb just thinking if
I'm a 1l then I just instead of laying
in bed feeling sorry for myself I'm just
gonna get up and try and make myself
better and just do something with the
day so my chest hurts and everything I
don't even know I don't even know what's
wrong with me I don't really want to go
to the doctor because I just feel that
this is just like one of those things
that is just going to pass off over like
a week or something and I've just got to
like get through it but yeah so thanks
for watching today guys so it wasn't so
energetic is use your just don't feel
hundred percent at the moment and I'll
see you tomorrow morning
give the video thumbs preview enjoy that
I love you goodnight
