hey you are you doing I am amazing thank
you for asking because I know you were
wondering how I was I hope you're well
I've got a really really nice day last
night was awesome I had such a fun time
so I massive congratulations to Zoe for
doing everything you're doing you're
killing it
yeah today I have got up and I had some
military people come over and they put
my 1 million black on my office wall for
me they also put my TV on the wall
White's my camera looks so blurry what
has happened what is it what make me
that's better they put my TV on the wall
for me so I can now do this and stuff
like ooh fancy which means that I'm
hopefully gonna be able to film a lot
more gaming videos because now I've got
space in my desk for my xbox one my
penis for my xbox 360 and my Wii U so
whenever I want to play any of them I
can just play them and make videos for
you which I'm so excited about and then
over here I've obviously got right
through my editing and stuff like that
on my two screens over here I am so
happy with my office right now I just
want to make a million videos and I've
got loads of videos planned over there
I'm covering up with my hand this is
like a week planner and I basically
planned the month of December as I told
you guys before I want to do they gave
me video every single Monday Friday in
December a main Channel video everything
was Sunday and a daily vlog every single
day so I'm going to be flippin busy
making videos in December so I'm trying
to make some of them now this morning
obviously and the building people come
over Zoe left it like nine o'clock in
the morning so I say goodbye to her and
her a bit although as I can't for sleep
and then she's blown to where she flown
to Scotland that would be where she's
been Scotland she's doing a book signing
all probably right oh not yet not yet
later on today she's doing a book
signing and they're the building people
came over and done loads of stuff and
put mirrors up around the house for us
and things because I'm not good enough I
put a mirror
for what we want there would probably be
like this that I've slaughtered if I put
them up myself and then I just did a
two-hour driving lesson which was super
super fun and went really many well oh I
need to book my theory test if I don't
do it today which I'm really gonna try
and remember please comment on this
video saying or tweet me your face when
we say Alfie book your bloomin theory
test that's what I want you to say so it
reminds me to do it but right now I'm
just gonna think I'm gonna make some
lunch or I want to go for lunch I asked
my mom I feel like my driving lesson and
I said to my mum let's go for lunch if
she was okay
and this was I'll come over at 1:00 and
then my driver said sir my driving
instructor text me like I'm outside
Alfie and I was I oh I forgot sounds
like mom don't come over I can't make it
now as a mom to go for dinner but she
can't she's gone to a concert tonight or
like a gig or whatever you call it she
couldn't see like musician tonight so I
might bring one of my friends or a
couple of my friends and see if they
want to go for some lunch because I'm
really hungry and I don't have lunch
yeah and then I want to film with load
of gaming videos because now Zoe's not
here for a couple of days it means that
I can just put all my time into making
gaming videos because normally I'm
hanging out with her and making her help
making making videos I don't even speak
and her helping me make videos and stuff
so I'm tired I still feel really help if
my throat sounds bad every morning I
wake up and I feel like death every
evening I go to sleep and I feel like
death and then in the middle of the day
like this I feel okay so I better get
filming before turns into the evening
right let's see what I'm gonna do today
oh but dear now with then lady with my
girlfriend and my buddy boy we offer
cheeky little nanos I've mentioned
Anders in a while I'm not no did we
oh yeah we did okay I have Benton
Anderson oh they got a new handle
no upgrade okay ladies fast
I know great blog I'm so gonna plug in
this is one of my favorite things we've
seen this before this will make you so
happy you ready guys I was so hungry
that the doctor god eating the food then
how I'm gonna see that but we ate a lot
so we're trying to decide on what
dessert we want more got what when you
go for Nye said what when are you going
it's good waiting for the Mars be as
well which is echevarry cheesecake but
their carrot cake is the biggest one you
get the knives at the most hate
Americans is a lot deeper you don't like
her okay
yo you know carrot cakes
okay okay get car chase gonna get ya get
our cake is wrong
we finished up in Nando's guys it's
raining so I got my scarf wrapped over
my head we've got some takeaway fittings
but now look all these sweets what you
guys going for why you punch each other
is a sign of love look at these guys
gobstoppers nerds
there you go but not that once no now
you want this flavour no no I want them
I want them I want them all of them
they're all in my mouth right all at the
same time not we know about millions
euromillions know millions about the
nerve obviously noise do millions much I
know right I'm gonna go for I think I
might have to go for a fruit and not
what these are new flavors I think I
might go for that we just finished
filming a gaming video I'm not gonna
tell you what game it was a weird one
all three of us played it at once I
don't know when it's gonna go up we feel
we film for like 47 minutes no more it's
not going to be that long but yeah I
don't know when it's gonna go up or
anything because that it's gonna be a
beast to edit I'm telling you but it was
funny it was really really good and now
we're having some laptop Club just
chillin and snapchat club and talking
about live shows and YouTube is although
we went foreign and those guys is
currently quarter past 1:00 in the
morning and I'm hungry again so making
myself some noodles which I know isn't
healthy
but it's 1:00 in the morning so don't
test me
alright guys I just got into bed and I'm
gonna get to sleep now I can't even
remember why film today it's so late
don't know why we stayed up is literally
like nearly 4:00 in the morning so I'm
gonna go to sleep and I'll see you in
the morning or probably really sick at
lunchtime and the boys are still over so
I'll see you tomorrow I love you so much
things watching today's vlog give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow
good night guys
