good morning guys it is 3 p.m. I've just
been getting ready all this morning
planning videos and stuff like that so
I'm starting my vlog yet we are now off
to London for the girl online book
launch which is going to be awesome
tonight
got not to smart clothes dressed that
made no sense at all I'm not dressed up
too smart because all my clothes need to
be washed
we only got a washing machine yesterday
right let's go
hey big ol Ben hey man are you doing
I stepped out my knees were like guys
they're meant to be ripped they're meant
to be right we just arrived now this is
cool this is like penguin
this is penguins up booked offices
headquarters planes but it looks like a
posh hotel
got the most pret you've ever seen in
your life and this is it in here Zoey
mum and Sean are here now
Zoey's downstairs just like pictures and
photos with Pressy people that want
pictures of her look at this view guys
at sick as net say dad couldn't make it
pop you couldn't make it either they're
both working which sucks but the
important people here and everyone
obviously is like inside look at this
Louie is gonna love this view he's gonna
have like blooming tripods out and like
doing time-lapse and stuff it's so cool
it's one thing inside the launch that
I'm not quite sure if I like and it's
this every single time I catch it like
in the corner of my eye from over there
or something and I'm like what was over
here but it's not it's literally
life-sized let's pick I knows what hit
that oh this look that's my head I'm a
betting man
I'm only bet on the horses but I walk in
town this week in the lab rooks I'll be
putting five quid on my offer and
Jamie's book to the US for someone
I'll be putting ten quid on your look to
be there since number one she I know
feels immensely honored to be in this
position to be able to write look or
only as a cracking good read amazing
story but also address issues that are
really to the forefront of so many
millions of teenagers lives at the
moment things like issues like cyber
bullying there's a huge amount of
pressure on young people at the moment
in the digital world and I think that
this book feels pretty new within every
light-hearted and come up lifting away
at the end so very well done
we love you look at all the bases around
this room they might support you've got
in this room I hope you are as proud of
good online as we are of you
oh yeah I just wanna say massive thank
you to everyone who came here today and
you helped me especially Amy and Siobhan
you have been there by my side every
step of the way so thank you
give me all your money no I was just
dropping my mom off in an uber just down
there everybody's got to go back no man
it's shaking that boy you're looking all
trim if you had your hair done
oh yeah honey oh yeah man say Creek yeah
Slick Rick he's back it is a unit you
can pitch around fish long - we got
camera talk can you tuck it around how
half of your caliber I'm gonna be sick -
I did quite like this Lee really showing
us his new camera which is better than
that in a day-to-day war my challenge
Tonya in a day-to-day turn into an asset
every one of my friends whoever
finishing buzz is all of my pyramid is
my good one come on announcer only
counts friends who gets in tonight
okay Frenchy good night oh you're out
you're out dawg
so by that I mean a gang Jamie getting
really competitive and I'm saying like I
was like I'm gonna call clean and say
just pick another extra medium so she do
you quick yeah I'm like the world's
worst reader yeah like three people lost
me and then what every single person
yeah I've read one chapter
everyone that I've said I've said oh no
are you going am i drivin and we did
anyone should have cried when I saw you
know acceleration it must be English I
managed to write my menses you're bent
on taking some boy I know you're going
to take a break Joe hold it all of us
okay
Zoey go stand next to this I want to see
it I know you what he resigns it's
cheating
yeah I thought it must be like realistic
size it I know they're guys life-size
these life-size that's so oh wait for
Matt to feel amazing that I can you get
a photo before we head back I had to
quit I order some pizzas look at yes
that's chicken spicy chicken ass for you
pepperoni yes six elderflower drinks
whoo look how many pizzas
by I'm now tucked up in bed guys all
snug and me and Zuri both just watching
wait for it wait for it there you go
okay I'm not going to tell you what
we're watching comment down below oh my
god this vid again oh my god I love it
so much yeah for yeah so we've I've just
lying in bed watching this film and I
didn't know what else to say
yeah did you enjoy it yeah the launch
was so good and proud of you so so good
I thought it was just gonna be really
like chilled and been any people there
but everyone was there like every single
youtuber was literally there it was so
so sick and yeah it's called and see so
many friends my mum came Sean came your
parents came loads of book people game
it was cool and the venue was amazing
the view off of that balcony
I don't I know I did film that's going
to identify hey I did film it but I'm
guessing if you guys want a more
together
arty video then there'll be so many
other youtubers who vlog today like
Louie and Hannah mags and Steph so go
check out their videos and they you have
to wait for Sunday to watch the mag's
video the Mitchell acts and obviously
Louise video will be up tomorrow
sequence that if you enjoyed today's
blog and please get me a thumbs up Zoe
it's going away tomorrow I want you see
barely tomorrow morning okay so he's off
to Glasgow to do a book signing then
you're off to blue water and then you're
off to Manchester to do some book
signing so she won't be in the next
couple of daily vlogs I don't think
unless you Skype me or something while
you're in the hotel room so we can hang
out with out we can have some lads time
some boy time just me and you hanging
out getting crunk I'm joking
I'm getting weird
lay your night she looks so different
she is hot isn't she yeah all the
comments again like you can't say that
about another gal to your girlfriend I
agree with you all right I'm gonna end
up guys give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I'll see you tomorrow
morning
yes I will I will see all my morning
making bye girl I'm just saying yeah
when they watch this well technically
today it's half-past 1:00 in the morning
as you're watching this you can walk
into a shop and buy again online I love
how you say girl girl girl girl get
online yell online that's so crazy as
usual I will try my best to leave a link
down below to a buyer Hey
as usual I'll try my best to read oh no
I do need to read more of the book I'm
finished it yet but um yeah I'll try my
best to leave a link down below if I
don't somebody comment it and everyone
else together they can go to one of my
most recent vlogs well yeah well I can
just Google Amazon get online yeah sure
but do I need a link to make it easy for
you guys or you can walk into a shop and
going by it that would be cool that's
always exciting why I think yeah I think
that's the most exciting way because
then you can buy everything so
stationary at the same time and I love
buying stationary so much oh my gosh
thinking of buying naina perfect color
thinking about buying new pens makes me
pretty excited not gonna lie oh my god
smell gel pens ah I was obsessed I did I
had a pencil case literally like four
that was a million different color who
else used to have smelly gel pens how
did they make them actually smell like
apples
you know smelly nail polish now
scratching it like you can lick all yeah
boys you want to have smelly nail polish
he smells their nails I just chew my
nails and therefore unless it take
unless you think it tasted nail varnish
notes in that encourage you to you oh my
god
I'm speaking so much rubbish so can you
stop me yeah come on right good night
guys
I love you I'll see you tomorrow goodbye
may the odds be ever in your favor
I was trying to pretend that the video
was lagging and I was just smiling
staying still but someone was speaking
in the background okay good night guys
he's ruining tonight I was pretending to
lie I was gonna this I don't know I
don't know I'm doing it did I guys love
you ah you thought the videos over just
Google hands with my friends I never
gonna end this video
hahaha I've literally haven't drunk
tonight but I'm not gonna end this video
it's never ending
sorry what am i doing goodnight guys I
tricked you again what if it's the okay
stop stop encouraging me to be weird
goodnight okay so H I'm gonna sleep now
changed chicken oh oh sorry did you just
fall okay bye I actually need in this
video cuz I want to go to sleep oh my
god Zooey Deschanel's naked in the
shower
baby's cold outside you have to go away
what about you get in the distance
getting weird good night guys I love you
so much can I can I can I can I
