good morning guys I was just already at
one corner tonight with Marcus and Nick
Grimshaw which was awesome like so it's
so much fun as you know I'm now rushing
off to London
spoon at your publishing news I've got
really expensive camera equipment in
there
I'm just watching to get the train now
although I'm a little bit early for one
chicken mousse sandwich little latte and
a bottle of water
I've just got to clean after the longest
taxi journey in my entire life just
London traffic and look at all of these
I've got to sign this so man you've laid
them all out perfectly looks so good all
right I need to get signing I am the
worst blogger in the entire world so I
finished signing all of those books
there was 200 of them some are going to
Amazon summit where are they going muddy
Amazon and water stones I don't know how
they've been distributed or anything
feel free to tweet them and ask for one
we're just in a car now and I am off to
radio to to have an interview about my
book it is isn't it now foods not my
book I'm ready to which is gonna be
gonna be called also this morning did
you listen this morning to hear the
radio ready one show Marcus just text me
who's asleep so he didn't get to hear oh
he's actually really really good so it's
really cause for thanks Nick
could've him so off having us on your
show still in my car and we have three
minutes until I go on-air London traffic
again amazing like earlier it took me it
was literally like a seven minute drive
and I think it took me like 35 minutes
or something London is not the one is
not the one just going hey guys we made
it made it on time look how sick this
wall is it's all like guitar picks it's
so cold
so each day Alfie we were just talking
to you before coming on the air each day
you've got your camera there and you're
filming and you come up with all these
different ideas things to do how do you
come up with the ideas and who in your
mind are you appealing to because you
clearly have appeal it's hard because I
I find only my videos to like anybody or
any you like certain audience who's
gonna watch them I just make like the
more fun I'm having in my videos and I
can show them having in them
yeah then hopefully the more fun people
are gonna have watching them that's like
the aim to just have a bit of fun wash
making it from emails done everything
pouring and didn't want to do done
interviews done and now it is time to go
travel even Louie is outside picking me
up I'm so blue man excited to see him
look I'm in the car with guys look at
both them a star she owes they're
absolutely smashing my mind just looks
like I've got like a shadow of me I'm
gonna fill it in with that eyeliner I
like what we're literally right near
airhawk now and Jamie Oliver knees
friend waiting in the car this is gonna
be sick are you excited I'm so excited
saying like I haven't done I liked
trampolining or like the somersaults on
temple in any years so I reckon I'll get
there get really excited will be hurt
myself just going in out guys got my
start run again
everyone is here go Jamie you got this
double back double back there okay right
there really about to use every day
it's smooth oh no way hey that was nice
that was
yeah
yeah that's it that was here and now
just let yourself just put your feet
down okay Jamie's our nail in there
Stevo is having a guy
yeah you go
by some teaching the boys had to walk
spin
yeah y'all
yeah
here he goes
oh nice
why Chinese
SWAT diving system itself
yeah
that's it
it's the end of our time here it's been
so good thanks for having us my last
show of the day man no pressure
we write to Jamie's house okay this is a
cool one
I'll take you on a little tour
yeah we're making - pasta
hungry so hungry that work times up yeah
okay so basically the way that when you
work in it you can do is we hit up
antipasti that's not gets you going all
this later so I it's going to come out
he picks out some stuff for us to start
yeah yeah this is cured meats and
because we're vegetables and your bits
and pieces of hot wings crunchy things
pulping sweeping sour things and it just
gets you really excited and then you're
supposed to have a little start washing
and then maybe share stuff about and
then share a main course right between
two or three is that's the way you're
supposed to do it but of course everyone
just does whatever one so what if it is
pick pastor your main and I'll do it
okay okay machinery
so was the Amish Christmas quit dude oh
no we got it man Wow
as we're currently teaching Jamie how to
use snapchat if you want to go and add
him I'll leave his name down below in
description everyone gonna look how many
pasta dishes we've got this is crazy
just finished Alice were you saying
stiva it's taking the mick at me because
I carry a bag this bag with me
everywhere I go
well thank you so much thank you thank
you to name this bag Jack and Samson
Samson are in it thank you so much oh
yeah
safe journey our chairs Olivia no idea
when I last blogged guys I'm so sorry
it's currently what's the Titanic or
possible 20 past 420 past 4:00 in the
morning and Zoey is still how are you
still awake
nocturnal yes just me and her but it's
just me 9 p.m. when it's just me new
writes everyone's turning off all the
lights says I'm vlogging it's getting
darker and darker so I hope you enjoyed
today's video if you did give it a
thumbs up I love you so much guys long
enough for my nap drop down one set
mm-hmm
I see two more guys thank you so much
for watching
