good morning guys I literally just got
out the shower like one minute ago and I
think it is time that I take it to the
bathroom in here and shave off all of
this so that I just have my moustache
left thank you so much to all the
support on the band aid video and song
like the fact that we got asked by Bob
Geldof himself to get involved with it
just blows my mind and is absolutely
insane and the song is amazing obviously
there was so many amazing artists and
it's crazy that like youtubers is like
we got asked to go on it like we're just
like but we can't sing and they're like
no but we want you to just be in the
music video and singing a little bit in
the chorus to raise awareness and raise
money for the Ebola crisis which is
absolutely insane so thank you so much
to everyone who sent in Spore I'll leave
a link down below to the music video and
what you can purchase it do that do that
do that by the song but for now it is
time that I strain all of this off and I
don't have a wet razor because I don't
wet shave anymore don't if you know or
not I don't wet shave which is where you
have like a mens razor blade I don't I
basically electric shave so I'm going to
buzz all of this off now and just leave
myself with a moustache which I'm kind
of scared about so don't judge me
because remember that it's for charity
I'll leave a link down below to my
Movember page and it'd be amazing if you
guys could go donate I want to try and
raise five thousand pounds by the end of
the month now at the moment I think more
like three thousand nine hundred so if
you have any spare money at all there
are two links down below
you've got number one the band-aid song
and number two my Movember page don't
get involved guys
okay guys and I have finished up my look
I was scared to show you I'm just build
with my feet right are you ready I put
my hair super far back on purpose and
then I kept this little bit here just
for some fun little shape and then I've
got my mo here I look ridiculous in that
party oh my gosh let me say this looks
so funny right let me know in the
comments whether I should keep this
little bit here because I don't
technically think you're allowed to from
the Movember guidelines and rules but
you're allowed to if it joins here which
I can't grow yet
mine doesn't grow there so I can't doing
it I would if it could go here and it
would stick together then I think you're
allowed it and I would have done that
but since my face doesn't grow that box
I'm not manly enough is have to be
separate but I think it looks better
this little bit let me know and if you
don't think it don't think it does then
I'll shave this butt off tomorrow and I
just keep them oh but this is funny it's
very good cause so go down eight down
below and now I've got to carry on my
whole day normally like this and we've
also got the Mitchell apps coming over
Hannah and Steph and baby G squeaky gene
Grayson yes he's like 12 names Grayson
Grayson it's lunchtime it's lunch time
Kentucky Fried Chicken and who remembers
that song oh my god Zoe she's out in the
garden trying to play with a squirrel
where these two cute squirrels that she
thinks are flirting with each other in
our garden all the time there was play
with each other so she's out there
trying to chat to them and I've got to
make some lunch now which is asparagus
and mozzarella
ravioli and instead of reduced I don't
know why it was reduced and scared that
it's going to go out a day earlier that
the 19th of November it's not the 19th
of November yeah is there 17 also do you
remember that song that was like a pizza
a pizza can take my chicken in it
look why do people listen to stuff like
that huh how did that get popular that's
literally the worst yeah that's like the
worst song lyrics in the world literally
right today I am going for the
gingersnap green tea and I got my little
tea thingy and these are really cool
glasses that Zoey bought me in Casper
when we lived together so from a broke
one at the Mike Stern and it's like a
mug so you can put really like boiling
hot water in the middle you can do you
can't normally put boiling hot water in
glasses can you but the yeah these are
like special super hot glasses therefore
Muji's are assess a bigger boat for me
and a tiny little box inside because
she's already eaten but now time to make
Matt oh my god I thought it's coming out
right then look at that
guys look at this that's so cool
the last time I vlogs was when we were
back at the house not even nicely
finished now and it is don't lose five
minutes plus 6:00 in the evening
we are in M&S just over here now step
and Hannah and Grayson to here as well
they'd some fun doing some shopping
we've come to buy baby milk and dinner
but golden salmon journey is real like
sprinkled on God
why not
look at this bunch of grapes how they
look like fate every time what is that
no it's not you know we done yeah Wow
are they not burnt right now oh they
forgot so we kind of got back from
shopping oh we got back from shopping
I've uploaded my day to God and we're
eating dinner certainly just him from
anywhere from the worst daily vlogger
ever and I forgot my gist of the oculus
rift I've got if you don't know what it
is it's like a gaming headset we put on
goggles and it's an augmented reality or
something
and it's really really cool so I think
we're gonna play with having it out
great and super excited
I forgot them on Radio one right now
neither o'clock it's music video and at
the moment the mean Marcus chose to put
on but we're going to be on any second
at the same time
Zoe is making some cookies it cookies
you make it what's this P mixture
I always just eat the mixture no I think
that's the best bit when it's uncooked
like cookie mixture oh wait you know
what I'm say my it did make me feel a
bit ill though oh here we go
you're probably wondering who we are
okay so my name is Alfie deyes my name
is Marcus Butler and we make videos on
YouTube
here's an example so I saw this video on
JC's channel yeah I think it should be
mouthfeel rated well I think we can get
that trending worldwide yeah so if you
have any feedback you want to watch the
show long then use that P we're gonna
watch this video and then tweet with
hashtags
you can if you want but it's kind of
but you need to learn how to make so to
our song choices that playing videos
that I didn't even know that they were
gonna do look which video they're
playing me and Marcus dancin
how are your cookies going guys this
makes me happy
when they're slightly moist and then
there's more in hair oh my god have you
tried these ones before these are like
yeah these are Tanya burr cookies these
are life-changing honestly I'm not even
exaggerating
I left you have that small little bump
on there there maybe not maybe not that
one has literally been talking about
this oculus for about two months and
he's just about to try it for the first
time I played the way doctor I grew baby
- you look like you want to cry I died I
might cry into this oculus because I'm
like I don't want to do it put your
fingers on these keys as well so you can
move around such a huge moment but
remember when you're moving around if
you want to like to walk in to the left
you'll see you'll see once you're in the
world don't get in the world though this
is huge it's like weird because he's
been playing video games for like two
centuries this is only the demo as well
guys this is Tuscany kind of cool it
eats and make sure there's not yeah oh
now turn around I
whoa this is this is insane but turn on
fully I literally turn your head I
literally want to cry this is so
beautiful this moment no other reason
it's so weird hearing you too that way
I'm not seeing you like you're just like
like I don't think I could I like that
but I think that we'll play like a scary
game no are you that guy you're a there
they go oh my god actually feels like me
but I'm not sure okay stop look around
oh my god Zimmer cane
okay let's go start to find something
don't I where's that thing huh go
straight ahead go ahead there's actually
like blood when you're in there yeah
it's like I'm like right in this place
like I can only see this tiny grand
minding all you guys now are seeing this
with like all you've the vision around
it I'm only seeing this huge this narrow
spectrum of lions
it's all I see so I'm like completely
feel like I'm kind of claustrophobic and
yeah it's horrible
all right guys it is now bedtime right
yeah that's in my face what are you
kicking me in the head all right
it's not bedtime guys what was a little
bit in the way that camera so about that
it is bedtime for the third time I've
said it now I'm gonna go to sleep
thank you so much watching today if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up and
Hannah and Steph and Grayson have stayed
over there think that other than they're
sleeping right now so I don't know what
we're gonna be getting up to tomorrow
I'm sure we'll do something cool Steph
has a drone like a quadrocopter a
Baqarah on the bottom and I think we're
gonna go to the beach or to a park or
something a fly up and get some really
cool footage so that's exciting
yeah I don't know I don't know what
we're gonna do
we'll try and do something fun so I'll
see if my guys give this video a thumbs
enjoyed it let's see if we can be yummy
yesterday Scott yesterday has got how
many did our just share it was 18,000 I
think he was 18,000 so let's try and be
that that's your challenge I'll see you
tomorrow good night guys love you
