good morning guys it is the morning it
is super early
Josef's here now I'm just don't look
pile up panic Allah on a pan to cook a
lot yeah you haven't stolen it it's just
from a free breakfast today
well it's good isn't it I told you
anything
today we are off to Notting Hill Andrew
not help us anybody you have to tell
them that only to make it over
travelling a really long distance to get
there
well actually I've got two hotels I've
got Joe Joe that was a two minute walk
would cover it
basically today we're going off to
record a band aid single why can't I
speak the man backstroke no and which is
crazy like I don't even why why have we
been chosen
she's been queen so one day you're gonna
be there ed Sheeran Ellie Goulding loads
of people Adele and for some reason
we've been invited to sing and do the
part the music video as well so only
Nikora so guys yeah yeah I need the
course don't worry I'm not gonna be I'm
not gonna be like opening line it's
Christmas cards cruise my name is
pointless blog at Christmas time you can
watch my vlogs and I mention on videos
my gaming channel my Twitter to need a
but we're a little excited basically I
don't know if I'm gonna be allowed to
blog actually as you're watching this I
think the videos even live or gonna go
live very soon so I leave a link down
below when it is up high cause it
already
oh well I kind of haven't packed any of
my bags yeah but I'm going to try and
blog today I don't if I'm going to be
allowed to blog everybody obviously but
I'm going to do my best view and if I
can't then don't worry because the video
is going to very very soon so it'd be
worth while watching a weird daily vlog
today
how do one deal
how do they know where they are at in
times this is so weird
we just question this is Colin Ayers
really hurt bad boy so so you know what
you're imagining so you know what it is
is we all know what's happened analysts
out but here we need that one solid it's
all done guys my finish never go try and
get the car let me go off a lot goodbye
well done today see you soon so we are
off now in a helicopter
Joe how excited are you I'm good at the
helicopter I've never been in one before
I are you excited yeah this is gonna
this one going somewhere basically guys
I couldn't film too much in there
because it was like everyone knew each
other as they're from us really some
people knew us and we chatted I'm sure
and people like that MacLean bandit but
obviously not everybody knew us the
London heliport and so I didn't really
want to stick my camera to many people's
faces but you can check online I'm
guessing the videos already up now it's
just going to be cool I've never been in
a helicopter before it could not happen
okay you can either is it gonna reek oh
yeah yeah
we're going for lunch and we're going in
a helicopter to go for lunch
what the hell
hey how you doing how you doing good you
got fast this is coal
Burnsville headshot
thank you very much thank you very much
differently decently flowers rather than
yeah so cool job offer amazing sure I'm
gonna get off an idiot backup
whoa guys look we're in a church shot as
a church that is crazy the baptism Bowl
yeah
has anyone ever been baptized there and
Jesus did all the music country Oh what
an iPod yes yes this place is so cool
I can't get over your house so an
outside by the pool my mum would love
these Gardens strawberries everything
mum if you're watching this is what you
need to garden to be like Louie Cole's
favorite place literally he sits in hot
tubs for like eight hours every day
doesn't in yet comes out like a prude
hey mister hey hey hey hey hey we're in
the shed guy is this I've always wanted
to go on one of these and this is the
actual Inbetweeners car like the red
door never side the actual one no way
what are you got Vespers at the back as
well guys the Charlotte has how many
pigs do you have two pigs and like I say
to my video the other day about breeders
and all that about the pugs they were
meant to be miniature pigs and they're
not that's so funny I was literally
saying to my viewers never dated a video
that so many people bought miniature
pigs and they turned into it like
full-sized pigs and that happened to you
that's an you've got go up there as well
that looks literally doesn't that look
like the goat from goat simulator looks
like the evil goat yeah yeah that is the
biggest Pig I've ever seen
no a mr. piggy
oh this one is called Oh Marilyn Monroe
hey Marilyn Monroe and the other ones
cool but like it hey come on boy
I don't think that yeah what if this
head butts me I'm scared
you don't know hey please don't have but
me hey
I know I know it's looking at me
we're gonna come up you just looking at
me it's gonna headbutt me oh that one's
it that one's gray he was to go me look
at this room guys this is so sick
oh my god this is like one of my
favorite games this one this is like not
a house this isn't real life okay this
is insane
we came here just for dinner on for
lunch and we've got a helicopter here
and then move out to have lunch in a
minute and watch the rugby and then I've
got to go back to London I've got my
manchester book signing in the evening
guys look at this this is legit Albert
Einstein Henry the eighth Charles
Dickens Henry the eighth play legit
Charles goes on this is very cool this
is the deed it was the instrument of
abdication
so when gives you the King speech with
yeah yeah so when he gave up the throne
yep that's the so that's the speech and
this is legit adore like enjoyed all
rise
that's like James Bond style
we're back at Joe's now and Casper's not
here this is we've been here about
missus stampy light that's how Caspar
walks around yes tidy here for once and
reliable and nothing to get broken and
not smelly and yet today I don't even
know why filmed because as I said
everybody there was like friends yeah
and they all just know each other I
didn't really want to like stick my
camera in people's face as well Harry
Harry nor can I pick you in my blog
because they'd be like mmm like they
would have done it they were all like
super nice and friendly like it sure was
chillin yeah and she's awesome
ed Sheeran was like he's bloody of us I
don't know best mate in the videos
you'll see or you would have seen I
don't know when it goes live he was like
sharing headphones with Zoe and stuff
like that and then afterwards we had
Matthew Freud asked us if we want to go
for lunch at his house and we didn't
really know what you meant
yeah and then it turns out you may go in
a helicopter to his house like we didn't
know that was happening I just thought
were going to get a car to London
one of the most surreal days in my life
I'm we like use be the defining thing
when we fellas yeah the bad they are
walking over the paps going nuts so that
we were the second person to get those
reach or and then us then Harry stars
more or less the same time as us
I let Harry start getting for me yeah
yeah I just heard everyone go nuts like
as we got out the car well the bad
practices were like taking pictures
slowly and then you guys all start going
crazy and then Harry stars got out the
car like 10 seconds later and I was like
oh my gosh did you see what passed me so
yeah I hope I just know some little bits
but you don't need to see my vlog
because the actual band-aid video will
be the one to watch guys so I'm about to
go mash Joe at this game now also that
lunch that helps everything Matthew
Freud's house and his daughter showed us
around was just crazy
I felt like butt
basically yeah no they were fun that I
was like Matthew sure I can just film
your house needs that yeah whatever you
want I'm like I'm literally filming your
house at your front door nice oh yeah
that's fine that my house a gale camera
show their art budget notion of my
approve man and it was literally a crib
like actual crib had like 12 million
like go-karts and like his bloody okay
machines him bullshit yeah they had like
sand buggies quad bike oh man it was so
cool statue and his daughter is so nice
as well as she watched our videos yes
super friendly Church and then we had
lunch in the cinema yeah hot dogs was
walking the rugby yeah whilst watching
Joe loves down only one oh yeah we never
knew the results after one no they've
only had by five points oh so we're
going to play this now guys I'm going to
end my vlog now because I'm going to go
back to the hotel in the main hotel it's
used in because as you know tomorrow or
today for you I got my Manchester book
signing well I mean a thousand of you
which is crazy so not be anything wrong
because I'm going to Whoopi on this then
record you cry in the corner no you know
I'm going to beat you so I'm going to
great pleasure at this thanks so much
watching today if you enjoyed it and
you're excited for the band a video give
this blog a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow good night guys love you know
an overall the end of my vlog and I do
this a lot but I just I could show you
my weed hotel room I've got a little
bathroom here this is the bedroom and I
don't know what I just booked on last
minute calm like I don't actually know
what this hotel is and then we just took
my headphones off so I just put like the
closest one to Euston station I could
possibly get to because I have to get
the train tomorrow like 8 a.m. to get to
Manchester then it's got some stairs
like hidden behind there and if you go
down these little stairs
you've got like a little kitchen
what the hell what is there a kitchen in
my hotel room this is weird right
night guys I love you
