good morning guys it's not as Ellie's
what I thought it's 11 o'clock but I
have been up for quite a while just
haven't start the vlog yet these are
some of the new shoes of all yesterday
the night little little boot things with
little creases in them let me know if
you like them in the comments I've just
given Zuri the task wash them off to the
dentist now I have to get two fillings
guys I've got two fans one they were
like you don't really need it you only
need one but this one you might need it
in the future and I was like let's just
do it now let's get it over and done
with at the same time so in like an hour
work 12 o'clock my mouth is going to be
so numb I'm going to dribble in
everywhere and stuff given sorry the
task of untangling my necklaces look at
them I like things like this all my
taxis here have a tube finish guys I'm
very me and my mouth feels quite long
now on this taxi okay guys I'm back home
now and have my villain to pick oh my
god bit my tongue I heard it quite you
didn't hurt though and basically I had
done filling up here no filling down
here and normally they were devised that
you just do it as separate times like
one in one go then another another day
but I was like let's just get it over
and done with and get it on the same
time so I've got dog with the dosages
you can probably tell in my face right
now
then what you're meant to have and my
mouth is sucked like I can't fill any of
that I can just hear it oh my gosh that
was doing this that literally gone pill
that can only hear oh my mouth is so
numb and also the worst thing is there's
normally more than anything and what is
swallowing number one my necks all numb
as well the worst thing of all is that I
didn't eat breakfast and then they just
told me you can't eat for three hours
general hungry I am and Zoey's got pizza
here that's me
that's right side guys there's no such
white guys my mouth is still playing up
as you can see and now with Jay and I'll
give you a little punch I literally look
that night died because what will happen
is that I'll bite my tongue and I won't
know and I just taste blood I've got
some little shoes guys because we're
going somewhere super exciting I'm not
going to tell you where until we get
there but you're going to bloody love it
it's so so nice I've seen it so nice
I've never been four and using pictures
online
I'm not dribbling your yeah I can't help
that it's two o'clock which means I can
finally eat so I got some pasta put the
water I got one of these each Jay are
you gonna go get one each just put some
sugar where we're going and Oddie ham
cheese guys check that rainbow out
that's it
so you just go to air up now my friend
on his little sharks and salt I'm so
excited
all through here basically I haven't
told these guys what we're doing the
vesicle that played sport coin is still
still got sweet in my mouth
it's plays good air hot and it's like
trampolines everything explained air
hole okay so basically a massive
trampoline park it's really amazing
you're gonna love it so much there we go
that's it we've done the briefing that's
dodgeball got foam pit over there
basketboy there you saw earlier and then
this bits just free to whoever yo it's
going over them
Martin's going to try and run around the
yellow wall gone mine guy J you're done
go on J will never do this he's gonna
fail guys go on
20 pounds says you won't do this
jay-j listen to our songs on OU try yes
joy go Jay
yeah yeah yo-chan
like that or never tried this before so
you're watching the video then I'm still
alive
I'm scared you
ha
Oh
feel good go again
shrieking
I'm absolutely knackered
time for a drink I'm trying to think oh
yes it's gonna have to be lucozade
original and then I'm like to get a
snack as well just get some sugar levels
up get mine did you go in this is time
and we've still got wild left coming out
the phone here just had some snaps I
think I drunk a bit too much lucozade
I'm worried about doing some flips now
go and mind you up first
go and show you guys match a challenge a
challenge gone stop in the mud boy Hey
how are they out oh yeah guys might
confront it now
show them show them your skills
yeah you go gentlemen yeah okay go front
flip mine
yo yes again where's your yatin Oh
literally getting out of a phone but is
like the hardest thing boy look at this
have fun getting out haha
hey Alfie
Oh
haha
yo okay we'll check for that yo
before we doing guys so we're trying to
set some overly complicated Baskerville
nests
what do you feel about this place mine
it's so good so good
Oh
hey last tricks and then we have to go
it's time to go
that was so much fun guys you should all
come here I'm going to come back I want
to bring Louie and Steve and Zoe and
Marcus on that machs Louie with love and
still its purpose it see people came to
air hot say hello hey guys thanks so
much for coming if you had a nice day
thank you
we just got on the train now guys and
corporal Alfie this video 34 level I'm
sad just updating you're wondering the
defecate time today
yes she didn't you loved air by jumping
you don't like jumping let's go to
bouncing
thoughtless just got back to the house
guys and some company just sent me this
hat who have never heard it before they
didn't even tell me they're sending it
they just send it to Zoe's peer box
did they send it to your beer box yeah
cuz you don't have ones everything feet
and then SMA t-shirts and adventure
which was really nice so these people if
it's focuses those people thank you so
much it's unlike a really cool piece
paper I just board the kettle so you
don't have one of these teas before I VA
they're super nice and like Christmasy
so which one should we give you the
gingerbread one I had one of these last
night now for my favorite part even
though I've just started it a little bit
look at these glasses I bought amazing
look yo oh I didn't probably put enough
drink in there oh well that means oh
here you go
is currently 20 to 1:00 in the morning
guys I need to go to sleep so badly
Felix and Watson just come over and we
just watched a film so there wasn't any
point filming it because we literally
just ate a takeaway whilst watching our
films there would have been nothing to
vlog for you guys and I've enjoyed today
I had so much fun err hot and hanging
out with these guys so if you enjoyed it
give the video a thumbs up I will see
you tomorrow I know I usually send it up
to wake up early and then I never ever
do tomorrow I have to be at the train
station at 8:20 in the morning to me box
which is actually pretty early for me so
I will see you tomorrow guys thank you
so much watching today I love you and
I'll see you tomorrow
what oh they're stuck okay bye guys love
you
