good morning guy is how are you how you
do it I had a really really nice line
today I woke up at like quarter to 11
which is actually quite late for me that
used to be early but it's late for me
now so far this morning I'm just making
this little thing we got delivered to
bedside tables so I'm just going to make
them now whilst Zoe is hours obese dad
just came down actually just drive down
to come and see us for a couple of days
I don't know how long you staying but
it's nice in Zoe's dad and they've just
gone out to go grab some lunch from baby
man for us this morning I made a little
coffee from my coffee machine which was
delicious also I did this this morning I
think it's a good this is another life
hack Alfie deyes like that as you can
see we don't have any milk so instead of
milk I just put this in which is like
whipped cream I thought that's basically
the same thing isn't it's just like wit
milk kind of I don't know that's what I
think it is I'm being super manly and
productive I've made one nearly and then
I've got one more to make and then in an
hour I'm going to get all of this cut
order this mop on my head I'm getting
trimmed so that will be fun and exciting
and I can't wait also I know you guys
are commenting that way and we've all
come here so what music playing really
loud in there I know you guys are
commenting saying that from over go
ahead in my mouth that's whiny my
haircut I know you guys are commenting
saying that I need to shave my beard for
Movember because it's all about the
moustache if you didn't know I'm doing
Movember which is to raise money for
men's health which is basically like
testicular cancer prostate cancer mental
illness and things like that so if you
do want to donate my page they'll be a
link down below honestly how much
awareness and money we can raise to help
out an amazing cause and for that I am
growing a moustache for the whole of
November that's why it's called Movember
moustache November and yes I'm going to
start but basically my moustache is
pretty pathetic so what I plan to do is
grow like a full bit that keep
everything and I think it's now been
like 10 days or 11 days that I've been
growing this and then when it's like 14
or 15 days I'm going to shave all of
this off because it's all that just the
moustache so
going to show all of this off once this
bit gets a little bit thicker and then
I'm going to be left for the last like
two weeks of the month with just a
mustache which I'm so nervous about I'm
going to look so ridiculous in all my
videos but it's for a good cause you
know and so far we're doing really well
varies crazy amount of money so keep it
up guys if we raise like ten thousand
pounds or something that I'll do some
like little things from all stones if I
raise so far we've raised like three
thousand eight hundred pounds I think if
we get it to five thousand pounds I
don't know what I'll do comment down
below what you wanted if we get five
thousand pounds there with ten thousand
pounds then something else that's your
two targets five thousand pounds and ten
thousand pounds I think we can do it
there's like just so if this video gets
400,000 views which some of my videos I
get my daily vlogs if what if all of you
donated literally at 1 pound each that
oh my gosh that is so much money and but
yet it's super super easy to donate in
the website you can donate 1 pound 10
pounds some of the other day donates
like 150 something pounds which is crazy
like absolutely insane so donate as
little or as much like whatever you want
whatever you can afford it would mean so
much right next time you want that
chocolate bar or you want to buy a
sandwich they actually know I'm going to
wait till I get home to eat that
sandwich and I'll make it or I don't
really need a chocolate bar that packet
crisps I'm going to donate to help a
really good cause right my arm is aching
so much for holding this camera up plus
I need to make these bedside tables I
promise sorry I try and make them before
she gets back so I'm going to carry on
with these I'm so good at being manly
let both of them done they're like
little bits free put stuff in little
bedside tables a little second little
draw up there and these little bits is
actually really really cool like so big
on the back so basically you put
whatever wires you want coming out of
here and then it goes through here all
the way down like tucked away and then
these bits go over there I'm probably
boring you but basically if you have
like a light or something or iPhone
charger on your bedside table it hides
all the wiring down the crack and then
you fill it so cool I think that's
really really good that's just something
that pleases me otherwise you end up
like this and you just get a million
trillion wires which is annoying
finished up my new video all good it's
uploading now whilst I am off to get my
haircut I'm gonna get this trimmed look
how long it is and my head is all short
it's all been trimmed is basically like
more or less the same length but a
little bit off the sides in the back
just a little bit thinner because my
black patch goes crazy thick it's like a
different texture to that's my hair it
goes really really curly but superly
didn't bring a jump with me to town or
hoodie so it's freezing cold and it's
raining oh actually only quickly go back
up to and get a tea just remembered a
tea shop up here
very British off may very very English
and there's a tea company shop up here
which means very loved so much and so on
a quickly gravity and then I'm going to
go pick up a ps4 controller and then I'm
going to head back home look how cute
these little cups are guys I quite like
this one
and then I'm thinking that on there for
Zoey what do you think I didn't a really
cute and then one remember making
we can put it in there and they're
eco-friendly as well Hitler made out
like bamboo fiber smelling all the
different green teas now that one's not
as good
I've got peach in there that's what it
is yeah Sencha green tea which is quite
intense and all to yourself Oh cheering
these are the three that I'm going for
so with the Christmasy stuffs out guys
took all these little stores here in
charge of Scott I also did a bit of shop
and kind of couldn't help it
but I really really want a German back
through a sausage so that's what I'm
going to get back get home now don't
remember the last damn abroad and my
hair's really an absolute mess because I
just messing it about today no oh my god
I didn't even mean to talk about my hair
I said it it is currently 8 o'clock 5
minutes to 8:00 and evening and means
re-reading we've read one book already
and now we've eaten a second book yeah a
lot of online basically when we get Nala
we want her to be like very well trained
very well in the top so we want to be
like do everything the best we can
possibly do for her so we've written up
a second book now so he's reading it as
always reading out loud to me it's the
only way that Alfie gets there is so
much like so many amazing tips in this
book like absolutely amazingly there
people are like yeah so many people have
said to me like oh yeah when your dog
does this you need to do this and then
this book is like no don't do that
and then I guess this probably things in
here that's
there's just but that's why we've read a
couple of books to get like an
understanding overall from different
perspectives if any you have eggs um let
us know any training tips yeah because
we wanted to we wanted to like it's hard
obviously when you've got a puppy too
hard to know what's right and what's
wrong and we don't want to like tell her
off or anything like that
you just read that you're not never be
angry like she like dude inside you're
never ever meant to be like no no Isis
basically you have to ignore n only
praise the good rather than tell her off
when she's done it wrong then that's
this lady's yeah we Biden that's cool I
think that's good I mean that's the same
reinforces because pugs reinforce yeah
just you just yo you rewards them yeah
maybe a rather than negative baby but
also I don't want to give her a complex
about pooing like it said if you if
you're like oh my goodness
oh no I probably if you've done a poo
inside she's like then she doesn't rich
she doesn't put the part together
whereas pooing inside she just thinks oh
no putin I'm getting told off yeah pugs
are very very tactile now they all they
like they're literally living to please
people and to please you so if you tell
them off they don't know they don't they
can't put two and two together to
understand why they're in told off they
can only understand when they're being
praised what they've done to reward that
praise and they want to do it again and
again and again so it was like don't
roll up a newspaper and and scold your
dog go job puppy and I was like who the
hell is that dog venusian even also
imagine me a pug of a newspaper you'd
send it across the room and newspapers
blooming big compared to unless it was
like the Sunday Times or something I
know Nala who's tired
The Guardian is big oh my gosh but you
know just going through the training
section again I've read this like I've
been reading this a lot this one's
really good though gleam got this feed
and they feel birthday yeah um I new
mums bring it
yeah my mom's read all of it as well and
she's read some other books and things
where would you get all the tips we can
so if you do know any with baby
for knowledge and have like literally
been like pug sponge knowledge for like
the last three months yeah so those of
you guys were saying that we should have
got a pug from our RSPCA or like a
kennel or like a rescue center
but there's both pros and cons from
getting a pug from a breed out and pros
and cons from get a pug from the rescue
center often and I've read a lot a lot
like we've read into getting dogs like
crazy my research and we spoken to so
many people we've mint like there's pug
meetups in Brighton where hundreds of
pugs meet up and we like going to met
the owners of pugs and spoken we've done
so much stuff but um one of the like
things that people often say about
rescue centers and kennels is that only
really get a dog from there if you
previously had dogs because some of
these dogs have gone through really hard
times or they're really upset they've
been looked after really badly and they
need to be looked after by somebody
who's already previously had experience
looking up dogs to treat them really
well on the other side of it that isn't
always the case like some of them no no
no no no John wasn't always it goes yeah
like it's crazy bands but a lot a lot of
people say that you should only get dog
from the rescue center
if you've got previous experience so
that you can look after them and they're
like you can help what they're going
through something just text me just like
the best possible but also I suppose as
well because we've always had a pug in
mind around here anyway because we have
lips there are no plugs in any rescue
centers I don't know if that's because I
don't know I guess pugs just maybe
they're just super popular yeah this is
no pug than any of the rescue centers
yeah but also a lot of people say you
shouldn't get from breeders and yeah
Najibullah shouldn't get them from
breeders because then you're encouraging
by breeding for selling dogs and some of
that it's so you guys know now there's
no way to please the mass of people in
this world everybody's got an opinion
everybody's got a reason why they're
doing it a certain way and we're getting
a pug from a breeder who's like a
champion breeder came second in crafts
last year like absolutely like she loves
it she's also a judge of like
professional dog competitions
crafts and stuff you know that she's a
judge yeah and like so she's like like
to be able to persuade her like to tell
her enough about us that we would like
the dog she's I need to visit your house
I need to visit your parents house I
need to know what you do for a living I
need to know when you're going to be
home how often you're going to be going
away like she needed to know so many
details about ask for her to be able to
give us her puppy to make sure that we
write for us as well that was one of the
hardest things was getting it from the
right person because I know there are
probably a lot of another that breed
dogs who probably shouldn't be breeding
dogs and they don't do it professionally
and they don't do it you know please
Casey registered oh man and then oh it's
a pug and then it's not it's actually a
pug and half a Jack Russell oh yeah
well it's like you know we're able to
find TT cup pigs at the tiny major pigs
and then they're going into full size
pigs
yeah like whoa hold on yeah and you just
put over a dodgy breeder but we've
literally taken so long to find the
right person like for us it was just
important to find the right person as it
was to fun right pug if if the person
wasn't right and we didn't feel like it
was the right environment we went to her
home we met the mother dog the father
dog of the dogs
oh yeah and they've had like I don't
even know what she said they've had like
lung checkups they've had this check up
this checkup they got their first
injections today nichy as you're
watching this it's yesterday for you but
today for me they've got the first
injections yeah today at 11 o'clock this
morning
and then they're getting their second
one soon also a lot of people are saying
in the comments that pugs have a lot of
health risks and we obviously know we've
literally been thinking again for how
long I've been I've been thinking like
more than a year more than a year and
then the more we've hung around pugs and
the more we've met people with pugs were
just we've really thought so hard about
this guy's and obviously waited until
we've moved in with a garden like this
has always been the plan and we know
there's health risks involved but we've
done a lot of research and we're going
to take very good care of the puppy and
also I
know that sometimes breeders if they
don't sell their puppies they end up in
in those channels anyway so everybody's
like go get a dog from kennel and then
if we do and any people don't and then
if people don't get dogs from breeders
then they end up in Kalos to the
breeders can't look after their minister
it's like a massive circle and everybody
has a different opinion and I'm super
excited cuz we're getting a pug soon I'm
so excited
Casey bison yeah in case you guys are
just think oh my god they've rushed in
to get a pug and they don't even know
what they're doing and they're not ready
we already we've done so much behind the
scene searching for including my parents
like they're even getting one as well
and they've done so much safe mean I saw
a comment earlier it was like you guys
travel so much though what are you gonna
do when you go where you can't put it in
a hotel at the time number one we don't
actually travel that much at all like if
I go to London from eat in from now I
can just have that meeting in Brighton
well you can take nah let alone yeah or
I can take no it's London with you on
the train or just have that meeting in
Brighton and we don't actually go away
we probably go away like three times a
year
I need conferences and things like yeah
but also we can change them to shorter
time periods and as well because my
parents are getting the brother whilst
we're away like if we went away for like
two or three days we can give Niall it
to my parents to look after with her
brother so she's gonna have fun she's
going to be looked after if my parents
go away for a couple of days we can look
after all social name I'm pretty sure
it's admin the name of my parents dog is
going to be buzz which is super cute I
think oh we should have called ask
Jessie no guy Jessie's gear though yeah
we thought about every wagers gone on
and on this bit this segment has been
like nearly 10 minutes of the vlog
basically it's appear to have a clear up
round up everybody's got a different
opinion don't worry guys we've got the
best everything it can possibly be for
Nala and she's gonna be lonely with
children animal
you may have a disability jollies when
you just steal their children the whole
day month orange everything like there's
no way I would ever tell you and when we
have holidays and things instead of
going to places like last year we said
no this year we went to Greece we can
just go and rent like a cottage in like
the Isle of Wight and Technology the
and do things like that I'm really
excited I'm so excited I just want to
hear now on the sofa cuddled up with me
Oh some people might say that's not a
good idea what I want down right here
part three training your Pug once your
Pug finds a comfy spot on your sofa she
will think it is the Betty in the house
and that will be husband and her sport
is going to be on my chest while I'm
watching TV right we've spoken up folks
enough nothing upsets me more than
seeing you guys not being okay about
something happening and I released
yesterday the two more book dates for
the points blog book tour and it's
basically like me doing signings and if
you don't know how signs already work
then that is I think why not of you
again confused I'm just reading the
comment now saying how he is ridiculous
that we can't bring the book we already
have done or not
we aren't made of money out there all
your true fans already have the book
while you do it the money I don't think
you realize that I am not in control of
anything that happens for me to be able
to meet you the first time we tried to
do that eight and a half thousand of you
turned up and that wasn't safe had to be
police helicopters like ten police horse
or like it was ridiculous like
absolutely insane it wasn't safe and
that's not a negative that's just
something there nobody ever expected so
from now on they have to be ticketed
events and the only way that like WH
Smith or whoever's running it these ones
run by W Smith can secure that they're
going to close the shop for you so that
there's nobody else in the shop a set
from people to watch my videos and
they're coming to meet me that they can
pay for bodyguards and security and
fencing and all of that is if I secure a
certain number of books that are going
to be sold by people
to come and meet me and there's no way
around it I said to them end up guys I
am not making anybody pay to meet me
like they're not paying no no no they're
not paying a fee they're buying a book
which they then get the chance to meet
you but they have to buy it and
pre-order the book and I said but what
if they've already got a book and said
well then that that's just how it is and
I said okay well I won't do it then they
said that's fine then don't you book
signings and I'm like then I want to
meet people I want to meet people right
don't want them to have to pay for a
book and they said but they have to do
because it's a book signing and I said
what if they buddy got this they say
they have to buy one and get other books
signed but they have to buy one to
secure a place for asking to pay for the
security and pay for the members of
staff and close the store so they're
making like no money that day because
I've closed the whole store just for you
guys and then I look at my comments and
all of them here like literally all my
comments that I'm just scrolling up and
up and up and like I've removed some
comments and things like that because
it's just absolutely insane how crazy
you guys are going in my comments like
the hate that I'm getting for me doing a
book signing like it's so difficult
because I want to meet you guys
but I don't have the money to just pay
for a venue I can't just like book out a
venue that fits 8,000 people that
literally cost me like fifty thousand
pounds or something I don't have that
kind of money
so the only way I can do it I can
literally the only way it works if a
bookstore closes the shop for the day hi
members of stark high security pay for
security all of that but you guys have
to buy a copy of the book to be able to
attend so you're not paying to meet me
you're literally paying for a copy of
the book and if you've already got one
then I'm really really sorry like I
can't do anything about that and it just
really frustrates me that how much hate
I'm getting now yet all I'm trying to do
is meet as many of you as I possibly can
and everybody constantly all I get
message to all day every day is we went
to an Xbox on wedging it puts on
so you're coming to Manchester you said
you come to Liverpool you said you're
coming to Scotland your life you're not
doing a book signing why you going to
New York and not the UK and I'm trying
my best to come and meet all of you and
I'm coming to the UK now and then all I
get is just hating my comments for
having to purchase another book and
that's not my fault like there's
literally no way around this guy's
you're not paying to meet me you're just
paying for a copy of the book that I'm
then going to sign like I don't know it
just puts me off like it just makes me
not want to do book signings then
because of the amount of hate that my
vlogs are getting like this rug has got
so many more dislikes than usual and I'm
not moaning I'm not saying that I don't
want like I don't know I really don't
know what to say
there's no way to please all of your
ones me it's absolutely insane the
amount of backlash and hate and angry
comments and tweets that I'm getting
like it's disgusting that your make of
you and I'm not making anyone to do
anything guides I literally try my best
to meet as many of you as possible
that's all I'm trying to do and if I
don't do it I said okay scrap all the
books and into them because people can't
afford to buy another book which is fine
then I'm going to get disgusting a
fillet you didn't even bother coming to
this place to the book signing you said
you were going to like I don't know what
to do I really don't know what to do
because I can't do anything to please
everybody I don't know all my comments
are just negative any comments that you
have to purchase a book to be able to
come to the book stein end but that's
what a book signing is if you went to
edgier looks on the reason you have to
purchase a book if you're going to
reaffirm enhance if you go to one
direction book signings you have to buy
a copy of their book when you get there
that's just how it is none don't I don't
know what else to say ladies really
really bothered me that I've upset so
many of you because I'm obviously don't
mean to the whole point of me doing a
book signing is that I get to meet you
guys and that's such a fun positive
thing
to do but I don't know I think you guys
assume that I have a lot more control
and then why do people are happy why
don't you just actually put your foot
down and tell them not that not to make
us purchase look I tried and if you
don't purchase a book then they can't
afford to pay for security they can't
afford to close the shop for the day so
it's either you guys have to purchase a
book to be able to come and meet me or
we don't do that and that's not you're
paying to meet me
that's not you're paying to meet me at
all you're paying for a copy of the book
and then I'm going to meet you it's just
so that we can guarantee a certain
number of people only come into the
bookstore books we don't want like 5000
people turning up outside because that's
insane and then all of you get hurt and
you get cold and it's horrible and I'm
just wandering the whole time right the
hold of the London book signing because
I knew what was happening outside it was
so hard to enjoy it because I knew so
many of you I didn't get to meet and
that's horrible that you've travelled so
far to see me and I just don't get to
meet you so the only way we can do that
is if I do a certain that if I only meet
a certain number of people and that's
ticketed but then I'm not going to make
you pay for a ticket to meet me you have
to pay for the book and then you get to
me I don't even know I don't know what
to do this has really bothered me though
and it's bothered you guys and that's
the thing I'm bothered about the fact
that you guys really think I've done
this this comments they're like you're
just trying to make more money no I'm
not I literally I'm not at all I don't
care like if my book sells one copy or
sells 10 trillion copies I literally
that doesn't bother me I just wanted to
provide you guys the whole point of my
book was for him to give you like
something offline and experience upon
this blog something to do something to
make you smile something light and now
all I'm getting is hate because I can't
meet you for free but it's not like your
binder could be the book you know I
don't even know I don't know today
there's nothing I can do really is that
there's literally nothing I can do I
don't leave your comments down below
what you think guys
just remember then times like this I
have the least control at all I can't do
anything I'll try and I'll always try
and do my best and put you guys first
but I'm going to try to end of the day
and I don't know very guys I'm going to
go to bed now it's currently 20 to 12:00
at night and I've got the dentist
tomorrow morning which I'm not looking
too forward to but it's just one of
those things that you have to do in life
go to the dentist
so if you enjoyed the video please give
it a thumbs up I wanna see if we can get
as usual more than yesterday's
yesterday's so far has what was it 20 mm
when I just checked I think it's 20 mm
which is of living lot of people that's
the same around with Audrina so let's
try and get like 30,000 if you're still
watching and you've watched through all
the pub talk and all the signing talks
which lasted long this blog was a long
one then comment down below saying I'm
loyal and I'll know that you want you
all the way to the end yeah thanks so
much watching guys I'll see you bright
and early tomorrow morning I love you
good night realize that I've already
just ended the vlog now but I thought
what would be nice is to show you what I
bought from Blue Bird tea company
earlier and to make a little drink
before I go to bed so I bought this cup
and this got matching for me and Zoey
they made up like old bamboo stuff I got
ginger bread chai a ginger snap greens
and a cherry lips they smell so good
this one is like the most Christmassy
drink ever
I've also got this spoon from there
which is one cup of perfect tea and then
I put it in here which I've also got
from that company which is some awesome
like strainer thing and I'm going to
fill it up with boiling water into the
dome but that much and let it do its
thing for a bit and brew and then this
is my favorite bit you don't lift up
that and pour it out watch what you do
you ready
you just place it on top of your cup and
look
literally like magic oh my god the
perfect amount as well this vlog should
be called how to be British oh my good
right I'm gonna go and enjoy this way
let me smell it the smell test oh my
gosh look at it as well guys it just
looks perfect thanks so much watching
the video again I love you in that guys
