5010 good morning guys so my first
meeting of the day start 11 minutes ago
which is a great start isn't it as I
said yesterday I have got the busiest
day basically I've got meeting
straightaway about sighs stuff to the
hearts we've got as usual and then I am
going to radio one with Marcus and
you'll see that and then tonight I'm
going to the Mockingjay premiere which
is going to be pause so get the page for
a fun on the yellow line don't want to
be getting hit by any trains that would
be lady vlog with it without this shop
here oh and I did the novice thing think
my tickle is going to come out because
it's only a single lesson Bowser
what are they filming up there I'm just
filming the army helicopter Wow
and there's a plane coming on to be fair
three in one shot I don't if you can see
that
so just finished up my meeting number
one and me being oh this floor is really
cool there's loads of people on it and
me being late didn't actually make too
much difference we've got everything
done we need it and now I'm going into
the BBC but first I just want to let you
know because I've been tweeting about it
haven't yet told you it in a video the
points blog book tour is happening and
I've got another two dates that I can
officially tell you so I'm going to
Birmingham or is Birmingham this Friday
Birmingham is this Friday and then I'm
going to Manchester on Sundays
Manchester Sunday so if you guys go down
below there's a link to Ticketmaster
page basically because it is a book
signing you have to purchase a book and
then you can meet me I think there's
only like a few hundred tickets then
there's a thousand tickets for
Manchester and 500 to get from
Birmingham so if you guys watching this
and you're one of the first 1000
Manchester 500 for Birmingham do go do
guys there was only a thousand people
that can meet me match of some 500 in
Birmingham go down below and buy the
book with the link that's in the
description and then you'll get the
chance to meet me so you just got to
radio one and Marcus has given me I
don't even know if you guys know
basically Marx is doing a show aren't we
on Monday a month Mondays coming out and
I'm just getting torn now how to use the
buttons because Kylie Marks has given me
the DJ you're going to like fun with
them and be like oh great oh right what
don't need today right really important
yes it's called VCS this is all your
music yes oh they can't see them and
they come out with these feeders here
yep so I will help you gave those goes
up and down and stuff so you don't eat
Ont too much of it this this thing here
is called cart wall and you can see all
the different youtubers that have been
here already
and it's sort of touch-sensitive so whoa
that's so is that how people like Tim
Westwood alike DJ DJ sound effects there
so you can boil can we use these now
sure I mean like vomit maka somebody's
somebody's come here to see you how'd
you get back to the other one and and
then we just need to pop back onto the
YouTube show yep and we're gonna we're
currently making these IDs for you so
when they're the reason Jim wet Jim
Chapman BBC Radio 1 that's so getting
made so we'll have those two faiths with
you down the bottom so we're not things
you can lick to see I'll be said when we
came in that we have to speak with your
mouth on top of this the whole time so
we're literally on air kind of right now
like we're recording it right now how's
it going brilliant or an enjoying
honestly yeah yeah I was really nervous
there were there's like barely anyone
wherever you come into like big things
like TV or like radio ones some of that
you assume is such a big let's carry
thing and there's literally like three
people in the room and it sounds amazing
yeah 56 minutes so far out of the hour
how's it going I love it it's going so
yeah it's really cool look at the Live
Lounge guys bye so cool we're off now I
was so so much fun well you have to
press a button but they were a revolving
door this spins around I said before the
premiere which we're going to
now with an hour
ever got plenty of damage around the
corner stopped off for a cheeky little
Nando's so just arrived at the premiere
look out smart Casper looks though you
can't do the inside everyone's gonna
hate you no God
that's I just hold in the video look out
smart Joey's as well
shiny shoes and they new shoes little
pocket square
anytime do you know I had to fold this
did you do that was it to come like that
I know you did it me so long to do it I
don't even know it's right I think it's
they might be used to having like that
far film if there's only very excited
when I'm watching a film I wet my nose
then then we get everybody knows or I
pleaded knows nice that was so good
the only annoying thing is is that when
we got that never ever had this before
the premiere they made us put our phones
and our cameras and everything inside
little pouches and then they took them
away from us before the red carpet so I
can take any pictures any videos I
couldn't vlog it and I was i short if
you want me to promote this by putting
in my blog so the people get to see what
the films I don't know they blew my mind
isn't that weird Maddie they didn't know
secondly pictures or video yeah so so
strange but yeah it's crazy like
Jennifer Lawrence have one bodyguard and
she was standing like where Maggie is
now just chillin yeah she was so good
she had one security guard but obviously
nobody camera so I can take me bitches
over
Marcus made the film last-minute I mean
are you happy and they've lost his back
have you got you so I'm finally back
home it is currently half past twelve in
the evening that so let me turn this
light on for you that was like the
longest journey ever because part of the
motorway or a dual carry trail or
something like that was close to
Boudreaux feel like eight million miles
of countryside but I'm now back and that
embed oh good
and I forgot to mention that the other
day when I said I was filming a secret
video I think it was like two or three
weeks ago that it has finally gone live
I teamed up with the guys over at Danny
OH to film a really funny little skit
and it involved their character the
grumbler it was just like a bit of fun
that we did together and the videos
really really cool it's just super super
funny so I'll leave a link down below if
you want to check that out but that is
it for today that is that is everything
since it's so late I'm just going to
watch a couple of YouTube videos read my
comments and then go to sleep so I'm
absolutely gutted that I couldn't film
the premiere but as I said they took my
camera lit up my mobile off of me and
everything before you go in and I was
like that's a bit stupid because surely
you want me to film the premiere to
promote the film but you're taking that
away from me I don't know anyways that
was up to them I couldn't do it but I
was standing next to so many famous
people is create like the up that I get
to do opportunities and things like this
still baffles me just for making these
stupid little videos like I'm laying in
bed talking to like a tiny little camera
this big and then I get to stand next to
Jennifer Lawrence is mad but thank you
so much watching this video I don't even
know what I film because I also confer I
know I filmed in radio one today that oh
my god I'm so excited that is next
Monday at nine o'clock if you want to
listen also I should let you know I
think I already told you in the blog and
don't know Birmingham and Manchester
book signing details a down below in the
description basically it has to be a
ticket event but ticketed event because
of what happened in London when like
eight and a half thousand of you turned
up and it was crazy we're doing that
happen again so you have to buy a book
from the link down below
and then it basically counts as like a
ticket but obviously you guys don't I
don't you paying to meet me so you're
paying the price of the book and then
you get the book on the day and then
I'll sign it for you but there's no
obviously only a limited number of you
because it has to be ticketed so that we
can count how many of you can actually
come so I think there's five hundred for
Birmingham and a thousand for Manchester
so I'll leave the links down below so if
you want to come and meet me in
Birmingham on Friday or Manchester on
Sunday like this week literally this
week in a few days then the links down
below tell your friends your grandma's
your dog's your everything your
boyfriend's your girlfriends everything
like that and alright I'm gonna go to
sleep
after reading some comments and things
so thank you so much watching guys if
you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up I
love you so much I'll see you tomorrow
good night
