good morning guys and it's actually the
morning it is 955 what time did I wake
up today ha plus 1/2 plus 800 o'clock
today
because we are doing something super
exciting you'll know do watch
yesterday's video we are on our way to
go and look at a litter of bugs for me
and Zoey and then my mum and dad does
Welsh mum and dad are in another car or
not in another and are in their car
driving we don't know where they are
maybe I can see them anyway that there I
think you can yes we're going to go and
look at them and I'm not going to film
them view I'm sorry I know you won't be
cheering
yeah openly it's not good I'm not going
to film the pug skies because web plug
breeders are professional rugby is a
very very professional serious about
their job so don't want to be like I'm
going to vlog your pugs also if we don't
end up yeah it's our house
and if we don't end up getting one of
those exact hugs on this litter but we
get it with one from another litter and
you guys might get upset because you
don't know everything like this one so
it's going to play per year and see what
happens but I'm so excited the exciting
no probably just your own breath no I
can really smell that it smells of
someone just cracked and rotten eggs
maybe you're someone like incredible
beat enemy okay I'm going to admit
something guys this morning when we got
in the car I did a really really really
bad I'm not just saying this it's the
worst thing that was my life I'm so bad
I did it like it wasn't like I tried to
hide it all I wanna say love is you
gonna get where it was oh and then I did
we weren't moving yet we were still
parked outside the house and I just got
out the car and I ran and then sorry
jumped out the guards room we have to
take the roof off the car to make it
non-stop so I want this in my video do I
yeah I did it really about Fox get away
with a lid I don't know maybe because
I'm 14 sir leave me I don't know
anyways my arms a controlled in this
campus so we'll catch you in a bed oh my
gosh that was like the cutest things
I've ever seen in my life
so we've kind of pick to go my parents a
kind of picture boy that we both like
and we put down a deposit and I think
we're going to be picking him up at the
end of the month she was so cute
I want to show you pictures but I don't
know if it's right just yet I think we
might wait a little bit until we get hot
on them but she is the cutest tiny
little black female quite really small
because I think they didn't get enough
of the boob yeah there was basically and
there was four in the litter and two of
them have already been taken and then
there was two left which people normally
say don't get the runt of the litter
because they're really quiet and you
don't want that one because they get
health conditions you can't have two
exits oh my god there's a 500 Mike so my
goal is going on do it
look at this
what anyways if people normally say
don't get the runt of the litter but
with that we also met the mum the mum
and the mummy pug but we don't think
there was like a particular runt of the
litter
they were all so attentive so needed
between the ones that we've reserved and
the ones that have already been taken is
the fact that the ones have been taking
a little I'm getting so excited or a
little bit bigger than the ones that
we've reserved but I don't mind a smokey
pug and it might just mean that Zoey
said that they've just had left booby
time than the other greedy ones laughs
part babies don't grow at different
rates
so even though they were like ironic
only Jolie's videos and Thea was always
the smallest puppy and they were like
Theo is so small and all of a sudden he
was like the biggest puppy like it's
just yeah like when you spike that will
like me and my sister like we're
different sizes would look different
that's about that but these two little
boy and other ones that we've reserved
looks so similar the girl's got more of
a curly tail at the moment because the
boys hasn't started curling yet as much
just doing it a little bit but they are
so genuine and we need to buy beds so we
need to buy like bowls we need to buy
little collar lots of newspaper they're
so sweet and even their poos weren't
even like baked they're tiny little
penis yes it won't even be hard to clear
up they're so sweet and at first they
were like crazy excited to see us like
I'm crazy like pulling on your dad's
trousers like the one was pulling the
trousers this one was put in that way
yeah and then and then after like how
long jackhammer plane moves them for
like half an hour
yeah probably half an hour and then they
were just let's leave them like so like
you picked them up an edge like fluffing
up oh my god they're so sweet they are
so cute I'm so excited to get one we
only have to wait like three weeks th
third two or three weeks I think it'll
be at 3 weeks they're just get in there
injections and the certificate like
paperwork for the registration of the
parks and stuff like that but and the
first injection is you sir yeah yeah
first injections I'm so excited
Starbucks Thai
and the Christmassy drinks are here what
you going for
this is mommy
hot chocolate
I guess I can be the same yeah exactly
yeah
perfect we bought so much guys
absolutely the same and Zoey also gave
five pounds to charity just nice to do
the Christmas drinks wait we didn't even
look for Christmas tree
we just ran all the hot chocolate
look at that that looks so good
I should have went for that I really
take some log Goods back to the car
we're back at the house now guys and I
just finished editing yesterday's daily
vlog which actually went up my main
youtube channel we didn't know so it
didn't go up on this channel that you're
watching this on it where I put my main
YouTube channel I'll leave a link down
below you can check it out obviously
just finish editing that now it's
currently ten minutes to three and I
wanted to show Zoey the idiot that I've
done to check over see whether she
thinks it's good and likes it stuff and
she's asleep
you go on Hey
you sleep in here having a little nap
we're going to go to pets at home in a
bit guys and we're going to buy some
like presents and snacks and I don't
know bits for the pugs like harnesses or
leads or collars or little jackets I
don't know things essentials that you
need for the pub like little balls and
two balls and things I have time to play
with that it's going to be soaked so
dude oh my god I just wish you could
have seen them and what they look like
right I need to come finish this video
hey boys hey boys yo hey hey hey yo hey
boys hey you guys gonna be best
friendship Nala are you
yeah no it's going to be soup do you
know what we should do when we get back
clean these guys out give them a fresh
new please cuz they haven't yet played
with this chair do you know why because
they love father Christmas so much
they just know not to chew no that's
because they don't know that easier to
write let's go and we're going to get
them loads of toys as well
I want it unless you want to pay for
everything and ask one of me so this
used to be Zoe's favorite place because
of the guinea pigs and now is oh sorry
my favorite place I don't know I just
walked out last minute yeah we going
back to the centre this literally just
looks like my other vlog oh yeah but now
we're getting yeah what is that
is this a dog toy is it for dogs yeah
you sure finally it says small and cozy
doc okay
my niece's you can yeah we have to
remember how small you guys haven't seen
yet we don't have anything to show you
that she is tiny we are gonna get her in
a few books issues getting a little bit
bigger but she's so so small guinea pig
food hay and stuff we're literally gonna
own a zoo soon you know I still kind of
want some awesome tropical fish or not
yeah we can't be getting the animals odd
you know that looks like something
Marcus would eat just like a nutbar Zoe
I found the best section this is the
section although I think is for cats I
think this is the cat section yeah the
dog ones over there but look at all
these no but this would fit the Pug
that's like 52 times the size of her all
the Pug ones or the dog one drop here
but she's so small
like these here that's what you've got
your guinea pigs that kind of thing but
these are all so big we're gonna have to
have like a tiny one what yep like that
kind of thing that's really nice that
wouldn't fly there's no but the woman
said the woman the dog breeder who were
getting the dog off said that they liked
yeah they'd like to lean it so we need
one with an edge because they lean their
little chins
it's so cute you know puncture that
thing guys with alien head to the side
they're already doing that and they're
only like eight weeks old yeah it's like
that's what the Greyhound or something
that's mass here that's so big yeah that
is good okay so we've picked two
different ones we've hit this little one
which is like super deep and comfy and
then we've got this one here which
they're both just so-so oh my god that
little braces Hamas's no that's what I
meant
I didn't mean bracelet harness I don't
know about pain she won't even fit in
that at the moment she's smaller than
that is there like extra small there
extra small here we go that little extra
small one this one Zoe yeah that one
she's tiny
do we want pink I think I like pink more
than regular there's only red and blue I
wish there was like a black but I wish
there was a like a light blue kind of
them they were like twelve million
different lead options but we think
we're going to go for this little guy
don't know what it is just feels the
most comfortable and it looks good as
well what are you looking at
poop bags now you can get called it ones
like this there there's another thing
that you like clipping yourself yeah on
the M and the lead to wrap that around
the lead handle oh look at these pigs
not sent it easily
yeah but those ones are cool they look
good what's this training line so many
cool things training clicker I've always
wondered what this is you know the
literally like this when they go the
train yard how do you use it when you
click you give them a treat when you
make a clicking noise this is going to
be a hard decision time to pick toys
guys what is that you put like a tree in
it
yeah chew and Trippel you have to
remember how small she is at the moment
I've already got one of these but like a
much smaller on two got one like this
kind of thing you basically put like
treats in the bottom of it and then
let's fight them out that's quite big
for her yeah stuff like this that's
bigger than her that hurt that's
literally heavier than she is
ah twenty little Hedgehog yeah get it
and oh look at that
sorry no it's big of course
look at these little tennis balls to
play with her that tiny was it all for
home and travel reduces ligament I don't
think she'll be slobbering much she's
only tiny mom daddy here now picking
stuff for their pug Zoey
should we see get it should we get a map
dress today just has a bed next to us oh
my gosh look at that dog
for Pedic mattress yeah you know you can
get those eyespace like memory foam guys
let your dogs joking about it being
memory foam it literally and now it
won't focus there we go literally is
memory foam that's so funny
you get a memory foam mattress your dog
yeah you can look single guys I think we
got a bit too much stuff look at this
what's the outfit that's what half a
Christmas day little no business
written out there yeah oh oh what you
feed the dog the treats
oh wow so you're back at house now
we bought the most ridiculous amount of
stuff for the pug as you straw but oh
I'm returning this light off I only turn
off oh yeah
I actually quit here first I'll show you
look at this I've got on because we
ought to see Miranda whoa I'm so so
excited by rushing to the tax is already
here Zoe you excited yeah guys look
that's the back of the stage we're just
walking now yeah that's the state's ask
the back of it there we're just walking
down to our seats thank you so much Oh
dinnertime and we're in Jamie Oliver's
Italian wonders I just left Jamie's now
and it was so delicious first time I've
ever been to the Jamie's Italian in
Brighton it was so so good but it's
raining now we're rushing to get a taxi
back I've I talked about Miranda when I
get home because I don't want to get my
camera work so take that off guys is
literally hailing and raining so much
the taxi rank is like 20 meters that way
oh it's slow down right let's go let's
go and I am BRR BRR BRR BRR again again
good outfit but basically I'm back home
now if you couldn't already tell chaps
chaps and ladies and chaps and back home
that was absolutely amazing as per usual
I lost someone I went to see her other
shows and things I don't from a lot of
the show because I don't want to be what
happens in the performance but Matt
Miranda Pauline if you didn't already
know who she is which I'm sure all of
you know who she is basically her name
is clean butt and she has like a
character that she just called my under
who you saw tonight and she's just
bloody amazing like so so funny and we
did hang out a little bit before a
little bit after but she was like
getting changed and busy and stuff like
that because going to a meet-and-greet
to me load of you guys and stop like
that so I didn't really blog with her
I managed logging into my lap my
computer but yeah she was so good if
you're watching clean
not because you're on tour see how time
towards these you're amazing and hope
you like my t-shirt what you do because
you gave it to me and man this would be
like the best day ever I got to meet
nyla I got to go and by heck glow the
Pug stuff for when she arrives in a
couple of weeks and I got to see killing
tonight ain't goin for dinner all of my
family as well everyone was involved
papi Shawn Zoe mom and dad this has been
so good right my new videos for life
just checking how it's doing now that's
why I'm logging on for the buta and
refreshing it Oh Alfie shut up that stop
speak again stop happy stop
there we go and yeah so I'm going to
read all the comments and all of that if
you haven't seen it link will be down
below go give a like give it a thumbs up
comment on it saying I don't know
whatever you want to call it come on
whatever you want and but I'm reading
all of them I try and read a lot of my
comments anyways I'm going to end up
here it is currently 22 minutes parts
tech I'm going to quickly Skype Marcus
because I'm meeting up with him tomorrow
to do something super short tomorrow
mean London I've got the busiest day in
the entire world
my first meeting starts at 11 o'clock so
I'm going to wake up early I have to
leave a like 9 or something like that um
yeah thanks so much watching today I'm
going to go into my box god ma it's good
Marcus in case you're wondering I'm
going to have a bob that is the most
boring thing ever
I'm also going to read a book on how to
look after a parking house without
training pug and stuff like that and in
bed tonight so thank you for watching I
love you so much
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I'll see you tomorrow guys I
love you goodbye
