good morning guys how you awake this
early and dancing already
it's so you guys as half-assed 5:00 in
the morning I would show you outside let
me show you a little sneak peek outside
how dark it is still it still it's so
dark outside
yeah it's so light joking it's half past
5:00 in the evening and I haven't
started my daily vlog yeah that's not
okay um we've just had looks great
my moment it's all about my hair guys Oh
jegging you guys get so annoyed when I
say that and we just finished uploading
oh my god you scared me
we just finished uploading I know you
can't even see me guys hey you will be
up to in a minute now you can see Zoey
we just finished up loaded hot diggity
blog when wait you do door closed yes it
is only cuz the other day was that dope
in their nose bone leering and then a
beam up you proud of me not be up that
bone building every day three walls do
you that yeah I'm glad I think we got
outfit just move this lift is about to
like great literally this is what is it
doing
oh I don't like this
look we're nearly out okay there we go
you go get out quick you've made it oh I
thought on your third so you just drove
to a soup mug
and reducing shopping what do you make
sorry love some mushroom potato then we
need to buy for dinner tonight yeah all
kick-ass double caramel I wanna try that
one team and what we have any dinner
tonight then this is what we need to buy
for you cook it you say you know we
should probably learn how to make magic
so much potato more growing up guys look
at a fridge anise it's got a proper
order of a system oh wow that looks good
why not do without me I already don't
like the sound of that
they don't go the fridge played today
they go up in your secret secret stash
up there having a cheeky half Kinder
Bueno wash to wait for my dinner and The
Sims episode that I mention it is Sims
number 2 and it's done 8 minutes so far
I'm going to try and get loads of Sims
episodes fully finish like videos edited
thumbnails done everything before I
upload one of them and I think I'm going
to try and get I'm gonna aim to get all
five of them edited tonight that will
say mmm this is like a proper dinner are
you really gonna eat all of that
we can try I'm honestly hope you've got
a little bit of mush here you on that
bed right you guys can have a it thanks
so much
my god that pile I'm going to smash so
just sitting down watching
Ciccone Jolie's which reminded me
because in the video he said about
Movember
it is currently day 5 I think this is
going pretty well what do you think I
think I've got quite a lot for day 5
last night when you shave off the rest
of it no not the last day no no I'm
gonna do that like two weeks and I can
wait once it's two weeks I'm going to
shave all of this off and just keep a
horrible little the stars because that's
the whole point of November I'm going to
moustache to raise awareness and raise
money to help men's health
so if you want to donate and you want to
help out men going through hard times
and there's a link down below if you
immediately good I want to see how much
money the pointless gang can raise and
let's see if we can really make a
difference and raise lots of awareness
as well as money just got out of the
bear and it's time for the other half
Boggs a kinder but one no also I need to
edit some sins so I should get myself a
little drink or just grab this actually
I always do this guy's another life hack
of the day I just make a book that's all
just life hacks for you guys keep like a
bot or bars or it kind of looks like a
bath of code of water in the fridge and
just let it get cold them whenever you
want to get some water to drink
always got supplied really nice cold
water you don't have to waste water by
letting the tap run right I'm going to
do this I just did like a face mask with
Zoey and then one of those things those
nose things I put on my nose and then
you pay it off and then it pulls all
your spots off if you've got any I don't
know if they do or not I just did one
and it's cool like it's my hair's a bit
messy and wet but now I need to crap on
with some editing just finished off
editing v Sims video now guys and as
usual I'm just sadness stuck watching
nigahiga videos he's so good on what's
the velar four times now this videos are
just so awesome if you don't know who he
is which I'm guessing you all duke
there's like 20 million subscribers or
something go check out nigahiga and this
song is just felt quite recently called
swg so good I want to make videos like
him I'm so jealous just jealous of his
content in these videos right it's
currently 20 minutes to 1 and I've got
meeting tomorrow morning super early so
also super early I've got to be at the
train station and I'm not that early and
so probably want to go to bed quite soon
although I'm tempted I just saw on
Twitter that Tanya had cheese and beans
on toast for dinner
you look bloomin good and now I'm
tempted
make myself some jeans and beams on toys
I make the cardigan speak some beans and
cheese cheesy means on toast budgin if
that's a good idea I don't think it is I
don't think I should do it though even
sleep like an hour and a half already it
is one minute Oh
8:00 in the evening or the morning
depending what you want to call it it is
time for me to go to bed have already
done much to them camera because I start
my vlog at like 6:00 p.m. or something
so I don't even know what you just
watched but it was vaguely entertaining
tomorrow I'm going to try and do more
for you on camera I think I'm going to
film some more videos as well I'm
meeting early on like I said that's my
little bonsai tree going on I don't
think it's dying because it's still
really really green but it's leaves like
to fall off so not really too sure about
that one and how he is right I'm going
to go to sleep now guys thank you so
much watching say if you enjoyed it
please give the video a big thumbs up
let's see how many we can get
yesterday's I honestly just checked in
this or like just over 20,000 so far so
let's see if we can get more thumbs up
on this video your target is 30,000 that
is insane that's more people than will
convince Madison Square Garden or the o2
arena my mind is blown thank you so much
watching guys I love you have a lovely
day stay positive do more of what makes
you happy I love you good night
