good morning guys it is push the time to
hop off 11 quite late
we had a big or I had a big Lions oh he
did in and turn it side what have you
done those water in there I'm planning
on my Christmas video we're doing all
the chores this morning oh look at the
little boys I just tried to do the
bedroom made the badge look at the
little boys let's give them some
mornings no snuff I'm gonna give them
look at them waiting are you excited for
some breakfast
are you I don't think you are I don't
think you are
give them some spinach alright are they
going to be good boys and let me open
this and not come out you stay in there
stay in there there we go hey fancy I
put over here up there we go
it's a nice
they eat so fast but they eat faster
than me yeah how do they do that
hey hey come on baby we're gonna go eggs
look just finish making my breakfast
which is a cup of tea with one sugar
give that lost air and some wheat some
extra chocolate little bits what and
I've done if you could hear but we've
got the Ciccone Jolie's playing was--for
getting ready what you having then have
Sabine's I'm toast
are you speaking like this nope
so he's got this weird obsession right
guys and basically she doesn't stop
shaking the bean what is it up your can
of beans tin of beans until every single
last one has come out so if one stuck on
the sights you won't get like a
four-course food and scoop it out
she just shakes it till it comes out why
don't you just use a utensil to get out
it's not a game finished editing the
daily vlog all done and dusted this is a
current setup that Zoe and I've just
been sat down here for like an hour and
a half probably even more using and
something so annoying just happens only
what happened okay I've just been really
exciting email so I'm like smiling I'm
smiling on the outside on the inside oh
my god so frustrating at one point the
sound car anyway no I've even told me
what we did a job right basically guys
we were recording Sims 4 because we
realized that we haven't made any
episodes in absolutely ages so we filmed
for like an hour and a half three
30-minute episodes
and the sims wrong into one that what
happened episode 1 they got pregnant and
did that the baby everyone no no no
everyone
they were boyfriend/girlfriend they got
engaged got pregnant had sex the first
time had their first kiss he got a job I
think episode 2 I had the baby
he turned old he turned into an old man
then they had the baby in episode 3 they
got pregnant with another baby and
basically like so much stuff happened
and we were so excited and there was
such such such good episodes and it was
just like having two kids getting
married getting engaged getting a job
and then it turns out that the screen
wasn't recording and my laptop run out
of storage or something I don't even
know so none of it record it which
absolutely sucks so we're now stuck in
the position where we've we filmed and
is on my gaming channel for sims 4
episodes and that was episode 5 6 & 7
but now because we can't upload those it
will be skipping from like not even
being boyfriend-girlfriend to having two
kids in the next episode so we don't
even know what to do because it's
completely ruined the series because
those crucial basically everything
crucial that happened in the city so if
I happen in the last those three
episodes and none of it was recorded
which sucks so we think what we're gonna
have to do is we were meant to be
filming some more videos today for our
main channels and stuff and I think
we're going to do that tomorrow now
instead and then moving out to starting
new sims 4 series wait are we starting
to do one Zoey we're going to start a
brand new Sims 4 series today I don't
know when it's going to go up online
guys we're going to try and record a few
I say we get cracking on a new family
now and just do it well we need to
record loads of episodes because I don't
be slackin for them Yeah right like okay
so we're going to record a heck
oh yeah so we're having to start on
brand new series today which sucks but
the positive is is that I've got 8
minutes and 2 seconds until my pizza is
ready oh you can see me and my boxers in
there and didn't realize that here's a
little knife happy you guys if you have
eaten pizza and you need to cut it cut
it or I'm using one hand so it's a lot
harder cut it with scissors rather than
the knife it's so ho much easier just
finish filming all of the Sims guys and
it is 21 minutes to 10:00 in the evening
and I haven't even uploaded my daily
vlog yet that is crazy Osment I like my
daily vlog and the gaming video me
Marcus today but I've just been stuck
when we filmed 8 Sims episodes obviously
three of the messed up as you know so
good start brand new series but we've
got another five episodes of the new
series film already because we slap and
we know we're not flat because we've
been busy but we start theories then we
find it very very difficult to film
episodes for the series so we filmed
five in a row today to try and make up
for that and make sure that we
definitely give you guys lots and lots
and lots of Sims episodes and which is
super exciting
I've got like the most complicated setup
and everything here doing all in
transferring all the files and render
them out and changing the formats of
them and exporting different audio files
in different formats like podcast
formats rather than ringtone formats and
change it av eyes to mp4 and changing it
from my gaming PC to my computer on my
laptop my Mac laptop audio fast like a
stupidly complicated load of stuff and
but the videos should look really really
nice as well because we feel no more my
new camera which is a 5d Mark 3
basically they're going to be awesome
but it does mean that today's videos
have been late so yesterday I'm very
sorry that the videos were late which is
today right now
you're watching mr. my and I'm very very
sorry yet there yes this bug was late
and if you missed it link down below
please go and check it out guys it was
it's quite important when actually I got
a little bit not deep but honest with
you guys about something and samayal
you've seen that one if you didn't watch
it because it went up super late but
yeah I'm just waiting now for a taxi to
take me to Zoe's old flat so that I can
upload the scheduler in the sky ring up
in the very alert you guys didn't know
that you can turn the lights on and off
in this left scary stuff huh
what the hell Allah what does anybody's
in here I'm filming you what are you
doing the door was open when they came
up what the Frick if you're in here then
I don't know what's gonna happen
get out I'm scared
jokes I'm not scared I'm gonna beat you
up if I see you if I see you I'm gonna
be drop what the hell is going on right
there could be somebody in here who's
trespassing but you know what I need to
get my daily blog up so let me get my
blog ah
it's get my laptop out my bag hmm just
upload to the daily vlog and I'm just
looking through my tags on tumblr I
don't think you guys realize how much
all of us see everything that I see
every single picture more or less I
think I see every single picture that
I'm tagged on and Tumblr my Instagram
tags everything like that but I just saw
this comment now and this post on tumblr
if it focuses and it says can I just
point out I was one of the two people
with who recognized Alfie recognize them
Jimmy now view and they were never
literally the kindest most generous leap
whatever I thought for from scratch
distract them a few times and they were
so fine with that
and we chat about YouTube and Zoe and
Tanya and move in house and they
literally whatever they were playing
bumper cars with my brother
then waved to me when I noticed them it
to yes whoever posted that and then it
goes on and on and on
basically you know what I put then I
spoke about like comment the other day
when I was actually sitting the same
places I'm now in the other day to vlog
I said somebody posted a comment saying
and viewers on the on the ship remained
Jim Morgan went on holiday somebody
posted to conversate and some viewers
asked them for pictures and they said no
and they were annoying that there we
said we got recognized by two or three
people I think us three people that and
they were all in the same group of
families that were on the holiday that
there is one of the girls and she's
posted a comment on my video and it's
got 225 thumbs up saying no they were
literally the nicest people ever so that
literally just grateful off so much that
whoever made up that crap comment screw
you
there is proof that we were nice I feel
bad for saying screw you but you made up
some crap about me so yeah how got you
back they've got my back you guys the
nice ones of you have got my back it's
all good but yeah I didn't want us to
say that mom is so happy reading it so
so happy also I forgot to let you all
know I'm still here by the way now I've
got Internet I just can't leave even
though I need dinner and I should
probably get Zoey some dinner so I wants
them out but I forgot to let you guys
know that I did a video on the moms IV
channel and how to make toffee apples
with my mum I showed some of you like
some teaser bits in the vlogs so just in
case you haven't seen it if you want to
you don't have to go watch it go watch
it and give it a like as well show some
love to it but it was such a fun video
and they actually turned out really
really well and they were super easy to
make so go over subscribe to the moms
like new channel check it out and send
it loads and loads and loads of laps
I'll leave a link down below or if not
just YouTube mums I view toffee apples
pointlessblog Alfie deyes I don't know
you guys know how to find videos online
basically just go and find it and show
it loads of love because I'm in it and
my mum's in it and it's a really really
fun video it's actually really really
fun I love doing videos
so go check it out somehow it is now
five past twelve basically I decided to
Skype Joe and Caspar because I'm
expecting some little one we just rub it
through video ideas know stuff like that
morph it up to recently and we ended up
on skype in like an hour and it is
blooming cold in here because the
heating is not on and this door is like
frozen ice right because I still haven't
had dinner yet and it's so late I think
I'm going to have to go and get fish and
chips in the taxi on the way back to the
house I think it's always falling slim
shrugs i text us and if she wants me to
get her any dinner but she hasn't
replied so I might get her some fish and
chips as well to wake her up
we I never get scared but I'm legit
scared right now I don't know why I'm
feeling scared I never get like this I
think it's because this lift is so scary
to go across loads of like pitch-black
doors I imagine if I just saw someone
there I don't like this I just want to
get in my taxi loo this doors
pitch-black out here
hello is there any monsters forgot to
block my fish and chips guys but I just
smashed a large button sausage a saveloy
mushy peas and chips and then I also
bought Zoe's and chips a large sausage
and mushy peas which you say and woke up
with and she was so happy to see it yeah
now back in the office and it is time to
get on with external sims videos even
though it is currently 12:30 6:00 in the
morning at nighttime whatever it is fish
working on the sims guys I've got them
kind of a little bit edited but not
really but they're all in the right
order I don't know you guys don't care
about that anyway you just care about
seeing them online and so is asleep down
there in bed class I'm going in the box
I'm gonna get into bed now I'm wandering
tomorrow and get some sleep it's
currently hot boss 1:00 in the morning
so I'll see you tomorrow morning guys if
you enjoyed the world give it a thumbs
up I love you so much hope you have an
amazing day and don't forget small nice
