good morning guys we are all out secrecy
thing just like I've been searching my
whole life to find my own place drop to
the rubbish off at the tip and now we
are going there's always a favorite
place in the world you excited she's so
excited I'm my favorite place in the
world I actually loved with us tonight
you guys know I did I want to go to Toys
R Us and vices and like do yay you got a
little Christmassy Scotland yes always
wanted one of them oh my god that puppy
just jumped like a popper rabbit yeah
that one's go strike down his back
this reminds me that I want to get a run
below look at this rabbits got a little
stripe oh he's run away down his back
I want a rabbit know what my pug we've
been looking at pugs recently guys
yesterday and today and we think we
found somebody that might be able to
sell us to the cutest pugs you not too
fast one for my parents one for us you
excited about the potential pug finder
we just found yeah I'm excited about is
really peaceful that just looks like a
baby's toy
no one was wrong
oh yeah the system will me yep ugh
remember how small it is because a lot
the boys won't be able to fit in its
mouth I've already got it looking oh yes
how he's already bought the plug at
stocking loads of you guys already given
the Pug like pug bowl look this right
this will be cute checking that fear in
his mouth I won't want to myself look at
that look at this there is a pug or a
Christmas outfit by I'm getting her this
I'm so gonna get her that funny oh my
god 100% yeah she's gonna be tiny for
those guys we're gonna go Santa's helper
why what do we need from here do we
actually need anything no a scarf that's
cute
we're gonna have to oh that looks like
I'm gonna get Amelia with baskets now
I'm gonna get one for Amelia and one for
Nala have matching I'm I'm excited just
to buy like treats and stuff you know a
happy dogs get when you give them a
treat that's what I'm excited so I can
just give her a treat not to just give
yeah I give it to and she gives me like
a high-five
none of this
wrong right moment moment guys just
finished editing today's daily vlog just
saving and I'm gonna read some copies
are they no these two don't like copy
you need to learn to like coffee Gaby do
you like coffee
Gaby cheers well you do join a coffee
yeah Zoe can't have coffee just drinking
all the HP sauce right now I don't know
what to do with her
come crazy we've been singing love is an
open door yeah we can bloom in here from
there to close our door
cabbage comes this little white one
we've decided that we want to see what
was then called babadook babble you know
if I'm a nickel sabha something I let
you guys not come out but first
obviously got top load the daily blog so
I'm back at Zoe's old flat to upload it
right it is currently ten minutes past
6:00 and the film that we're trying to
see starts the feminist part six but I
reckon we're still going to make it and
we're not going to miss any of the film
these two don't think we're even going
to get let in so let's see if he's right
you know I'm going to be right guys I am
because it has 20 minutes of adverts
so you're technically technically sober
20 minutes into the scary act
it's quarter past six five minutes late
for the film today we're going to make
it we are we're just driving on the
beach now
it's called pause now yeah that's fine
that's what it starts that's fine and
we're gonna make it like I told you we
are Oh nearly
Oh nearly got run over but I didn't and
we are going to make this you know we
are it doesn't actually start the film
wait what time did it stop meant to stop
ten past report boxcars core past okay
so the film doesn't start for another 15
minutes
no because it's got 20 minutes adverts
we might as well go and have a game of
nine laser zone that's a fun play table
she got me as well yeah I can with your
loan let's go to Nando's then lasers and
then this in the mom we still won't be
late and we got enough time to get some
drinks and food as well I am so right
I'm so proud when a right and a few
girls can already tell that that's good
yeah being serious this actually really
scary isn't it I've never seen a film in
the cinema I mean oh wait we went to go
and see Paranormal Activity one two
wells good no I don't actually get
scared of film so I'm being serious I
actually don't I wish I did but Zoey
does Felix gets the most scared of
anyone I know it just came out cinema
guys I'm going to be honest with you I'm
normally very very positive about stuff
Babur Duck not worth watching at all it
was like no storyline it
wasn't scary I think because they put it
down to a 15 so it was just less scary
there wasn't there was even one time was
there guys well I made you jump like
yeah not even one jump scare in the
whole film is like there was bits rather
oh my god it's tense it's going to be a
jump in a minute
oh no there wasn't like not one time
won't let me jump don't know if I was
you I wouldn't bother going to watch yet
I'm not really super positive but I'm
going to be honest guys stopped off for
a cheeky nandos they look lab have been
into a Nando's and ages now just always
get a takeaway don't worry Morgan goes
double-checks Morgan loves the double
Jets
I just got tucked up into bed guys thank
you so much what can today so it's a
sleep next to me she's been asleep for
20 minutes Gabby was over with her
tonight whilst I was hanging out with
the boys I had a super super nice
evening getting to hang out with Morgan
and Martin all right to go see a film
which sadly wasn't too good I was super
excited for it but I mean it is still
like I'm glad I would do and see it but
it just wasn't very good film then we
were clean and O's which is really nice
was oh he was hanging out with Gabby
yeah thanks so much watching today guys
oh yeah give the video thumbs up guys if
you enjoyed it I will see you tomorrow
stay positive do more for makes you
happy and I don't know just know that
there are lots of people in the world
who love you
goodnight guys every evening when I get
into bed I'd like to read through the
comments of the daily vlog and I'm doing
at the moment on yesterday's really good
finding a secret chocolate stash but it
makes me really really sad to see how
many of you go absolutely crazy in the
comments about the most ridiculously
small things today there's too many
things that people are going nuts about
number one that zoe poked jim in the
balm with jeans on his Boldin out he
wasn't in boxers
yeah that's what I mean so Zoey pote
Jim's jeans and people getting cross if
it was an issue then Jim would have
acted annoyed like you guys need to
chill out like seriously now I'm saying
this it's like in a serious tone please
chill out in the comments guys I don't
like you at all I really don't like it
doesn't make me want to do daily vlogs
when all of you are so negative about
the smallest things in the comments like
I'm actually moaning now I never mind
about anything but I'm being serious
please number two the people of a matter
of hours
he uses the word OCD in this video about
being tidy my sister suffers no cd my
friend suffers from OCD and it's a
serious mental disorder I know that OCD
is a very very serious mental disorder
and I'm not trying to say that I have a
serious mental disorder all I'm saying
is that I used it and referred to it for
me liking and needing things to be in
routine and tidy that wasn't trying to
say that I'm a mental disorder that was
me loose handedly using the term OCD
which is often characterized often by
many people not just myself as a term of
meaning that people have to have things
very tidy whether that is true or not is
another matter
but you guys like just because I use
that one term very very loose handily
doesn't mean you all have to go in like
one in every three of my comments is
negative in this video probably either
about mainly about you CD or very rarely
about Zoe poking Jim in the bum chill
out chill out guys I didn't say anything
offensive even the fact that you have to
say but Zoe poking Jim the bum makes you
want to laugh so hard but it's
absolutely insane guys you need to stop
it doesn't like making daily vlogs
should be fun I should be reading
comments about people being like oh my
god at 1 minute 12 and Alfie said this
or this bit maybe not I like to this bit
or you should do this tomorrow please oh
my god I've seen that they do this
inviting you as though you should go and
do that together not oh my god I can't
even believe
I mean Zoe having a bath together stop
this is store de luxe guys it's
literally like daily vlogging I just
like to vlog Mel when and where and it
scares me like it shouldn't get to the
point where it scares you to have to go
on your video to look at the comments
everyone should be happy and positive
and I did a tweet today and it was
before you post anything online you have
a choice and that choice is whether or
not what you post is going to make
someone happy or suck away all the
happiness and I think that it's
important to remember that before you
post anything online because it does
affect it will affect the vlogs
it will mean I won't want to be in them
it will mean other people won't want to
be in them and it will mean that off you
won't want to do them anymore and for
all the people that do enjoy them that's
not fair you guys need to chill out
basically please we're asking nicely I
don't want to have to do what Felix
PewDiePie did and just turn off all my
comments because they're it's a shame
because so many of you leave such lovely
comments that I love reading but they
just get bogged down by the most
ridiculous comments that aren't
necessary and then it causes unnecessary
argument like yeah and you guys all
argue in the comments if you have
something negative to say my video and
you don't like them that is fine you
don't have to watch them but honestly I
don't mind if you don't watch my daily
vlogs I'm telling you now telling you
now being honest you don't have to watch
them it's a waste of your time puts us
in a bad mood makes us noise happy today
vlog I don't know I don't know you guys
do what you want to do but you really
have a choice you have a choice you can
you be positive or negative but I only
like positive people simply positive
please and then I'm going to end the
vlog now for a second time today guys
say thanks so much to everybody who is
positive in the comments of yesterday's
video keep doing what you're doing I
love you guys so much and everyone who
just watches them and likes them and
doesn't comment and everything like that
I love you too I also love the guys that
watching the comment negative stuff but
just a little bit less but let's do love
you okay I'll see you tomorrow guys make
