another day son it does feel like it's
been so long
we've been living our life but you guys
should be excited because we have a lot
of cool stuff going music maybe clothing
maybe he's being imploding I'm actually
going to pick up a package that's you'll
see anyway we have this challenge that
nice shirt by the way
I love it oh the office ok challenge
before the real challenge this challenge
is named every character on the show
sauces you can ready Stanley Phyllis
Dwight Pam Jim Gabe Andy Michael
Kevin Darryl Oscar Aaron Ryan Callie
Meredith
Toby Creed got him got him son we
actually just finished the office last
night
that was an emotional do you remember
how much I was crying yeah I was crying
she was in tears as was I not really
though because I had finished it the
night before while she was sleeping in
it yeah and she got really upset at me
so we had to watch it one more trip the
finale of a TV show falls asleep in the
finale that's we literally every day we
go to watch the office I'll turn on an
episode before the first episode is even
over she's asleep
everything okay anyway go what is the
real challenge the voice-over challenge
see well we did that but we're not going
to do it the entire vlog because that
will be very like difficult and we
wouldn't know what was going on so we're
going to do a section of the vlog and
it's gonna be hilarious basically we're
just gonna vlog like normal but in the
editing we're gonna voice over each
other instead did I claim I get you did
so we went to the peel box and God um
well this is your package we just got a
package we just got a package from Kody
this has very important stuff in it for
both Jess and I I think we should open
it yeah look I've actually drink my
entire green what is that it's a
okay let's open it Cheers yo my crop top
came in yeah that's so sick look at that
it's embroidered Khan team right there
and it is a crop hoodie for you ladies
most beautiful colors this one is
actually insane which one should I wear
today I'm gonna wear one this pink one
this color guys is all time
sorry preaching it's so freaking
comfortable too
you know I'm putting one on right now
it's crap what it's corrupt yeah so Wow
this color is so beautiful yeah oh my
gosh I feel good see the thing is it
looks great this looks so normal because
I can't see that is so funny this looks
totally normal unless I were to go like
this me too sorry so I kind of wish I
was a girl so I can wear these Jesus
sorry all right I'm putting back on the
other thing that guy just looked at me
in the eyes walls putting clothes on
fees right that this guy right here
let's walk amuck you judged me you'd be
most I saw him look at me and then he
liked it a double take and was like why
are you dressing why are you dressing
why you not lettuce or the salad itself
I think now is a good time to start via
voiceover segment of the log I think
it's great mm-hmm yeah you're just so
good okay anyway I can't believe you I
just love Gavi good no so I was walking
backwards and carefully and I didn't see
who was there oh my gosh
you had a bad day taking one down seeing
you sad song turn it around don't tell
me don't alright guys now it's time to
cook good stuff
are you excited oh I'm so excited I love
cooking so much poppet fine I'm great oh
are you having fun nope yes nope nope
alright we are uh we're calling it that
is the end of the voice-over section
because that was getting uh difficult to
do anyway anyway we think that's gonna
end up being funny but we won't know
till after it's edited because it's a
process
yeah what yes and I found basically I'm
just looking up a bunch of would you
rather questions and we're playing would
you rather cuz I really don't like
cooking and Jess wanted me to find a
game to play so I was just gonna play it
while Jess cooks and I'll be her moral
support here correct
okay all right first one never pay taxes
or never pay for gas yes that's a mine
would be two yeah it tells you the
percentage of people here so seventy
three percent of people chose to never
pay for taxes would you rather marry
your soulmate or marry a millionaire hmm
answer wisely babe
you already did that
38% of people said marry a millionaire
wow that's that is a large group of
people who you guys want materialistic
oh yeah yeah all the answers comment
down below okay would you rather have a
finger as a tongue or have tongues as
fingers okay they're not look yeah I'd
probably choose that too because if I
can hide it in tongues yeah that'd be so
disgusting
they'd just be salivating all the time
and you try and like touch stuff and
just like 66% of people said fingers at
home it's an ad Donna waiting for the ad
break here so um oh would you rather
facebook or twitter twitter same 61%
facebook would you rather eat 100 raw
eggs or eat a pizza that has been on the
ground for a week you rather crack 100
drawings and swallow a hundred of them
or eat a pizza that's just be on the
ground the top one all right I'm going
with a pizza anyway Oh most people said
pizza yeah 69% of people said pizza and
31% said raw eggs so would you rather
never have a job never have a
significant other
yeah never have a job why was that
wasn't that wasn't hard replaying you're
like I love my job to you but I can not
imagine not having me yeah I know I know
I know you can I was going like because
of the first part never have a job and
then I was like never have a significant
other and I was like oh crap
no it's suck you know what I mean so
you're saying it was a moment cuz you
don't want to just have to answer yep
yeah I totally dug a hole for myself
well 56% of people said it never have a
job yeah so 44% of people guys comment
down below what you chose for each of
those ever like choose a few of your
favorite one we're gonna finish cooking
dinner oh yeah I say we as like a unit
cuz like our hearts are connected you
know exactly but by we I mean like you I
I cut that pepper at the beginning so I
did help so we is the truth jess is
taking the liberty of dressing me for a
gig that we're going tonight we're going
to Cody John's gig
I think we've logged the last one yeah
we did well why don't we vlog every time
he has a gig oh I just every single day
I just though we're just trying to you
know the friendly promo for for a
brother you know about that I'm gonna
dress him tonight yes she's going to
pick out my outfit and it's gonna be
great actually it's not cuz she loves
when I wear jeans but I don't like
wearing jeans it's very rare for me to
be in a pair of jeans and she's already
picked two them out
Jessa's gonna put my jeans on right now
so oh okay alright wow that's oh but my
fly's down
okay step one we got jeans I know it is
very cold outside and I will be wearing
a hoodie so big that gives you this
whole section to pick out from do you
know how many content huttese I have
this is the best section right here
do you like the Sun does that trust me
better
okay that is that I think we put
together an outfit babe I wouldn't wear
Easy's with jeans I know people do I
just you agree with that I would wear a
brand-new Pharrell's that I got if
you're into shoes you know what I'm
talking about
I would love if you would wear a
backwards cat would you wear a backwards
cap if I gave you one backwards yeah see
everyone say your thumbs up for Vogler's
copes thumbs up this video if you think
he looks good in backwards caps are you
kidding you look like an angel right now
come come don't look don't look at
America don't live in America I'm
surprising myself yeah with myself that
okay oh you look good oh let's see the
backwards cap looks really good you have
to keep it like that the whole night say
okay Jess we did it we did it we did
Oh Micah join me in this little pants
session here finally you guys decided to
show up
geez Louise we've been waiting for you
for so long that bro gets so nervous
when you're on our vlog nice to see you
again well let's go get some ice cream
are we losing kind of a look at the I'm
glad you think that is a meme right
there dude I'm putting on repeat right
now I thought were your friends you're
supposed to be happy all right I had no
idea anyway okay good night how you guys
like in your ice cream image a spine
oh yeah Brian how are you so good Oh got
a slimmed-down it's almost summer
true Spring Break I get that Spring
Break bod guys like this video if you
like ice cream also like this video if
you like this clip on the battery plan
I'm sorry
in all honesty we really love Sebastian
no no we do it's true I'm not going on
so I'm not gonna make fun of you we'd
really love you he's an amazing really
no okay
go subscribe his channel and Sebastian
go man also subscribe to us if you want
to keep up with what we're doing and get
those new hoodies the crop hoodies you
ladies you know you want them link in
the description you want content plug oh
you want one is it for my summer body
yes yeah yeah here I was wearing it
today oh that's very good okay yeah
Gabriel
Briah Bastin contine was made for loving
you oh me close to then
