another day another son oh speaking of
our son where's our other sons can check
out oh my gosh you know my dad my number
day anyway okay so Jack oh that's scared
but not as much as I would have liked
him to have gotten scared justice
organizing your closet color-coordinated
so at some point in this vlog I will get
him again I promise
pinky promise what if we buy started
skating we should be good I'm sorry
three two one
welcome back Khan team to Justin Gabriel
vlogs DJ jacket
chess where'd you go
needed to join us wasn't it
it's pretty sexy your sex thing yes back
what do you want
that's called double ng babe come here
look at this okay okay all I wanna do is
tie my hair up I gotta feed me a bobby
pin some Nazi thumbs I walked in and I'm
like babe honey we got a vlog and she's
like I'm trying to just tie my hair up
but you guys just keep distracting well
I'm trying to do is tie it higher work
it work it
oh yeah I now understand what is
distracting hold it right there oh yeah
you got it
okay how good it will let you tie your
hair okay but peace good
where are we going this new way that is
actually false we're not going to
Disneyland
we are going to retard the targa okay
anyway that's a big shock so we're gonna
target because when Jaco came into town
like last week he brought symptoms which
are Australian which are the best thing
in life there are these chocolate things
anyway we ate them all very quickly and
we just realized that whenever Jacko
brought them for just us but mainly Jess
and he ate all just for Jess well no we
were going because we found out that
they actually have them here in the
United States now at Target
we're pumped about that and we're going
to target to get some jess is very
excited I know because she just loves
Australian things I love Australian
things a target and she loves American
things aka this guy right here was that
a horrible joke you're right
you're right what what what are you
doing Jess where did we make it to
talking if this thing you have to say
the way you know that's it to do that's
your thing that's my thing I can say it
right I can't say it louder
Jack oh where do we make it to or to
pick up oh there's a light that was that
was loud
hey guys don't miss that target right
there keep your eye on the target and
she's off so it begins the furniture
section literally the doors there we
walk in right to here another plant
another freaking place that's what do we
come here for
okay sure wasn't that basket
yes let's please do Tim Tams we're
coming for you you guys I want to
introduce you to my friend he's my
friend Matt it was that a good one yeah
quit bugging me all look what we found
the Tim Tims packaging is slightly
different to what it is in Australia I'm
a tiny bit like this is still it saving
everything that but it just says
delicious how we go shopping oh my gosh
we're just gonna need third wheel duties
never end for Jack Oh is she giving you
too much sass yeah she was like uh uh
that Charlie ain't for you honey I was
like oh you know my dad honey Dana butt
what is happening right now 20 minutes
later come on
that's very good Jacko good Content ID
gonna teach you guys how to do the Tim
Tam slam I just learned this term by the
way apparently it's an actual thing in
Australia you get a man
ma'am I don't I see that is actually not
cursed not coffee actually
this is hot chocolate his/hers then we
have the j4 the choke and then you suck
yo hot chocolate like a straw because
inside it's like hollow its abyss not as
easy as it looks like this is a fine art
of growing up and learning how to be
cultured of Tim Tim slams Americans
watching this we are culturing you in
the Australian culture I've tried this
why I don't think I did a good job at a
and I need to redeem myself some time
trying to take him trying to Tim Tam
slam again oh thank you my noggin dirt
we're using the original flavour because
we like it and I don't want a date
bought to date that I'm not I haven't
got what you good they like melted from
the inside along Varna you want to melt
and then you just put it in your mouth
and it just we should finish now do we
are we just doing the corners I'm living
my best life right now so thank you very
much Aussie Aussie Aussie Aussie Aussie
Aussie Aussie Aussie Aussie Aussie
Aussie god bless you Tim Tam for
sponsoring this video thank you listen
girl
yeah you got to know when to take it out
cos if you just keep sipping it like a
straw slowly melt inside
that all just Falls insert available at
Target yeah oh yeah also today in the
United States it's Australia Day which
means if you're Australian you know that
it was tomorrow for you guys anyway
Australia's a day we thought we'd
celebrate here in the United States
January 26 everybody trying - Friday all
right yeah turn your phone off for
trying to blow sorry the president was
strata yeah we are having Tim Tims on a
strata guy don't worry
the president really the prime minister
got they have other flavors like classic
dark chili cat I ate the whole packet of
these the other day the darkman my
favorite stop judging me oh and I'm
going to the gym I can God we recently
hit 2 million subscribers bro yeah it's
actually ridiculously crazy that we hit
2 million subscribers that we said in a
video one of our January goals was to
hit 2 million subscribers and we did it
thanks to you guys thanks to all of you
new subscribers look not part of the con
team yeah yeah you just say that you
just like I was lucky behind the camera
you're like so we just wanted to say
thank you guys so much we love you guys
you wanna thank you for the support now
it's on the road to 3 million what are
you doing oh no I was being supportive -
Millie - Millie - Milo he was making the
face that you were making when you're
judging us yeah exactly
Milo was
but free old Jack oh thank you for being
very supportive and being such a good
friend
honestly my love you know we have to say
about that
you know what you're thinking in your
head cuz you're a very smart dog and
since you're a smart dog we thought we'd
test your intelligence oh whoa we've
seen a few of these videos go around
we're like people do different tests on
their dog to see how smart they are and
we thought we'd do that to Milo and see
how smart he is I'm excited I personally
think we have one of the smartest dogs
thank you so much oh yeah I wasn't
talking about Milo
yeah sorry look at me I stole the Frog
oh yeah what you couldn't do bad that
demon man that stopped a block job
yesterday
oh look at me I can do this I can do
this I can do all of the stuff like this
I'll do this turtle and I don't now bat
but are know about it no you're not bad
you're not bad that okay guys we got a
little bit distracted but we thought it
now would be a good time to Train he's
already trying from Vita dog try not
test number one he's we put a towel over
his head and if he gets free in the
first 30 seconds he gets three points
two points for if he gets free within 30
seconds to two minutes or if he doesn't
get free but he's trying it's one point
and if he doesn't even try where the
Tolliver's have zero points mile okay
you ready I get the time of Rutsey
Victor thought solid training Victor's
not here you where's Benny
oh he's training don't three two one
it's going wow are you joking me let's
try it one more time his whole battery
to Blanca get out buddy I mean he's out
his head is out oh he's out it was under
30 seconds so okay Milo you get the
three points all right now I think it is
time to try it on our other dog
right on ready three two one go
okay now the next test is also with the
town we just hide a treat under the
table we don't have a treat so we're
using turkey that is a thing that
trainers use sometimes I say you can use
turkey so that's what we're using as
this tree see that be getting OH
27 second our other dogs turn alright
smell this Joker
smell this okay don't poop inside its
disgusting just belong right there
okay now we're doing a a cup one where
we put the treat under a cotton and we
show Milo that it's under there and then
we put two more solo cups next to them
and then if he finds the right one and
then he gets their point you know about
that you know about that even from me
you see that buddy it's right there yes
do it again
see now take him away where's it under
okay I don't think that's part of it oh
yeah he found the right one oh yeah he
totally got it it's not under there good
boy my my that's a tough one are you
ready okay that is actually the three
test that we were going to do for Milo's
and Jacko's intelligence obviously Jaco
failed horribly in Milo Milo Milo is so
smart
well actually is ridiculous good job my
mind
- and they're the the part where you can
like hold on each to them and see if he
knows what it means
locations help me realize we still need
to scare Jacko
so we've already filmed everything we've
been filming outro but we're putting
this before because we realize we still
need to scare Jacko and I think he's
pooping right now so we're gonna go away
from and then eight hours late tail she
wash her hands bro she wash her hands
bro we set at the beginning of the vlog
when I didn't scare you that good we
were like by the end of the vlog we're
gonna scare her scare her and scare him
like crap instant replay that again you
wash your hands bro
alright guys subscribe to be a part of
the white wire Vila why are you lying
we're always laughing if this that
happens funny
so yes like and subscribe you're not my
dad
subscribe to be a part of the best team
on the Internet the Khan team will let
you know about the new stuff that you
guys we how long you guys are tweeting
us about launching some new stuff so
keep you updated on that very shortly
like this video if you think Milo is the
smartest dog ever he actually is and
like this video if you think Jacko's not
keen on my dad peace out Gabriel and
Milo Conte
even though we may behave this heart
just passing to
