I know what you're thinking Gabriel why
do you have such bad hat hair oh let me
tell you a little story real quick lost
my hat by sticking my head out of the
car window while we were driving hi guys
another day another vlog
another day another vlog um well another
day another adventure loosing your hat
yeah we're going to show you my snapchat
story real quick because I was in the
middle snapchatting when it fell off you
may have seen it on Twitter or on
snapchat already if you have me on there
this is the time where you go at us on
our social medias that are in the
description below so you know just do
that real quick cuz it's lit here
here's the story you look hot like that
babe oh this is it this is it
that was my favorite huh and now I have
to deal with this hat hair what is
what's that what is going on Jessica
Jessica we're trying to find this baby
can't you turn we can't Bob she just ran
over my hat we saw on the road I'm like
it's in front of you right there right
there she's like where I'm just so sad
because like even when we get it back if
it's been run over too many times it's
gonna be ruined you can't wash a hat
that's not a thing it gets ruining she
just pulled over and we see the Hat
right right where is it there there it
is
there it is
Oh Oh my baby
going oh my heart my happy small I got
it
look at that look at that
Oh mission complete
except it has time Marshall oh I really
shouldn't put it on my head because that
is dirty hey we did it
drive two hands on the wheel two hands
on the heart goodbye hot see you soon
and that's a story of how I got had hair
like it the Hat is a in the wash right
now not sure if it'll get ruined by it
or not but uh fingers cross my heart
like broke a little as I saw it fly it
was in slow motion from my perspective
it flew off my head and I came around
the mirror and I was like really small
world dollar friend
I need to get our attention
what Jessica guys can we just appreciate
how gorgeous she is stop how much of a
babe she is look how cute her faces
I just want to squish it not well and
right yeah okay let's turn the AC up
since Australia is a sauna sauna until
Tralee is a sauna may I
crikey Dan ma on the past the trees over
there right Karen
Jess and I are waiting for the day that
we L can made like we're not ones that
were like oh we want people to recognize
us like it's not like that I'm waiting
for the day or we're driving by and I
yell came in out the window and
someone's like Cameron yells at that
because they know what it is and watch
our videos or something like that and
that would be so funny and I really want
to catch it on the vlog it hasn't
happened yet so whatever there's like
young people around like kids in like
school uniforms or something like that
I'll typically roll down my window and
yell Cameron to see if they like react
in any way like they know what it is but
it hasn't happened yet so I'm just still
waiting I will continually yell come in
out there
to people until someone knows what it is
no freakin way
just found a tweet that someone tweeted
us this tweet was a few hours ago when I
actually lost my hat and it says
literally just drove past you guys and
saw Gabriel in the middle the street
getting his hat I died that is hilarious
uh what are the chances that someone
drives by who knows who we are watching
me get my hat like snapshot I wish you
had like snapchatted you like picking it
up or something that would have been so
funny
wow this is a really good angle all
right guys I'm feel great but um what
we're gonna do now is top secret so
we're gonna tell you well we're kind of
gonna tell you we're gonna check out
this new guitar riff I'm trying for so
anyway nice to chat with you but now
we're gonna go and look for places to go
on our honeymoon such a cutie
I'm sure door honeymoon is the thing
that's gonna happen it is the thing
that's gonna happen it's gonna be
freaking where's it gonna be it's gonna
be a little bit it's gonna be lit then
why is it gonna be lit man cuz we're
gonna become of him out you just got my
nose that was what I was gonna say and
you got it right in Reno one we have
like the same vibe they were basically
twins but not know we're twins babe that
is so weird
that's serious during the camera stop
how he hit my nose I need to flip the
thing stop take something guys I just
wanted to show you this is proof did she
torture to me someone commented on
Instagram telling me to tickle you no
that is a lie
no they did I really I'm the bitch I
just posted bond picture guys go follow
my Instagram and I'm gonna bite your
hand haha you're Dale's bait they hurt
my head so we just give me your UMP it
and let the tickling happen no because
then it cuts my armpit and I want cuts
in my armpit you're already hurting me
stop stop
all right let's get the side stop it
stop the stop some thought I should
update the vlog on a hat situation Oh
big dog oh came in a little different
hairstyle today but look at the Hat you
see the Hat though you know what that
means it is saved it is saved but I've
been learning a new a little thing on
the guitar here it is a song by James
TWU called
when you love someone what what's the
song what's up what's the part gotta
believe us so for the best don't make
sense of things go son you should know
sometimes moms dance fall out of love
sometimes the best intentions just ain't
enough some things you can't tell you
see cuz she's still too young you'll
understand
oh it's lit I'm really proud of you
thanks babe any Shui honey any Shui is
just wanted to let you guys know that
I'm trying to get a nice little guitar
pattern here that I'm doing for my sexy
mom over here Oh Mira sexy mama Oh lovey
Bom look at that face look at that look
at that oh look it done adorable little
face you know your shirt says ace just
add an F right there for face anyway are
you blushing you're vouching babe you're
look I'm gonna sit on your lap oh oh I
can't move a muscle
how what does your body here oh yes all
the buddy yeah you love me don't you
babe
yo Nagar yes yes please I'm starving you
know a girl loves you when she says do
you want to go get food my mom and my
brother went to subway last night and
they got recognized and then the girl
here worked that said the day what she
watches her vlogs and stuff or something
and follows us and then so she wrote us
this night well she wrote it to you and
then just kind of yes PS to me on the
bottom just from Tosh - love you so much
Gabe love you too not just see you at
the bottom it's two separate
yeah well look you only got a smiley
face and I got two hearts and two kisses
so freakier Jess she likes me more I'm
kidding Thank You Tosh for that uh no to
be there this note I didn't actually
have anything oh my gosh
Oh Jess oh yeah okay that could be when
you do it every single day hmm cuz it's
ladies and gentlemen get a guy who can
do both all right
straighten your hair babe
be ridiculously incredibly good-looking
I'm gonna put this right here
so you can get a great view how good I
am at raining here okay so jess was we
were bout to go out and she was like oh
my hair's jogging my hair is in
completely straightened like the others
a little blonde thing so I was like you
know you want my help this isn't the
first time you've shaved my head he's
actually really helpful
you heard it it's not just for the vlog
I do this in real life too but I love
when people play in my hair I'm not
playing with it I'm straightening ma
thing with this lighting here we look so
angelic Jess you literally look like an
angel right now really I'm not being
silly
well I mean you always look like an
angel but just with the lighting it like
really fits the aesthetic your freaking
baby look at you
thank you mm-hmm let's go look ya'll we
need it but we thought we'd be trying to
be funny and make a few puns while we're
in the store you're looking really
pretty oh you're so funny my dog my dog
why are you getting old what am I
your nominee hey babe did you get your
frozen food yet just got it going hey
Jess I uh I must ask you a question let
me try your refrain
hey what have you got
have you good again yogurt at that I'm
sure glad I'm not me
hey Jess can you uh kick that ball right
over there for me okay kick that ball to
me real quick I know that you're
struggling right now but just you really
just have to think about it mentally you
just pull it that was just way too extra
your turn Jess oh so uh it is a night
time we have very low batteries we have
to end this quick we will just went to
the movies when I'll date eight
hamburgers you went and watched uh dr.
strange it was pretty it was pretty
great I feel like I have superpowers
three two one jess is afraid of toads to
ring me when I go outside did I don't
see any broke okay three two one pray
for me that I don't owe everything to
him
peace out friends yes and Gabriel
