yo so hate of the vlog what kind of an
Australian accent is that's a joke if
you don't know that is that is my
brother if you haven't seen him if
you're new subscribe and haven't seen
them in the vlogs
say hey the uber four minutes away we're
on our way back to Australia gotta grab
all my crap um Bob I love you peace
peace out Girl Scout dude literally
leaving puffs two vlogs going on what
they mean I think time for all the crap
in there got the GoPro got the camera
other camera my bag big camera guitar
suitcase they got those suitcases I have
my keys in my pocket
oh my gosh I can't see crap let's rock
and roll baby we've walked through this
thing hypothec was walk past goodbye
apartment walking you up boy
let me push you
you just love traveling without subject
so much she loves it so much the best
thing with these boys and traveling to
these boys
the complete opposite to being with
girlfriend
the loudest and radius is interesting
that makes you feel great about myself
why do I feel so much sarcasm in its
infancy
you always think I'll just lift my
impossible somewhat dude I have it in my
pocket and I'm like wait whoa oh my gosh
yes it isn't why is the uber on the
other side of the road why oh my gosh
okay we have to cross we're jaywalking
yup you got it you got it come on
Colonel we made it for alive
so Jack oh wait do they know the Joker's
online results jack is not flying her
with us he's flying back to Melvin and
we're going to prison and we're in a
prison so he is checking in tomorrow and
we are we gonna go through security and
then find him
yeah they were no security and kind of
unless we end up in the same security
lab doctor security then find him on the
other side of the International Terminal
probably get dinner together before our
flights leave he leaves a little bit
before us and then say goodbye every say
goodbye but we'll see him in a week
Maggie's coming back
while thinking of saying goodbye I feel
really weird right now because usually
what happens when I check my bag and
stuff it's like we're about to say
goodbye well there's the first time
leaving this airport that we're together
like leaving Tasha really he's with me
until
what kind of like y'all told me and then
walk all over like to the very last
point that he can so I I have like the
exact same feeling I don't know why so I
could literally cry right now
we're going to die you're not hating
each other and I'm not like I'm not sad
I know we're going to be together but
yeah it's like yeah anyway we're going
to go to here again we're going out
there security get some cool little view
role on the footage like the most
heartbreaking walk to do is like after I
say goodbye
and they are right next to me
oh this is where it happened we normally
say goodbye there and then we choose to
leave while I stay there tell my story
it's okay it's okay like every time I
just stop and stand and like look around
I just start like so sad but it's not
because we leave it together like I'm
totally fine I'm chilling
she's not I just don't want to leave yet
very good
so we're gonna have to find Jaco after
we got the diss line but right now and
somewhere in there and all of that so
easy right okay wait I spotted Jaco
I spotted Jack me tomorrow oh man yeah
he's wearing a white justice still hey
okay hon hold on he's wearing a white
hat come on come on right there do you
see his white hat there is he looked
back he seizes look at him full-time
don't need no gun
we made it through talk about a security
line what is it first time we've come
through here together so every time I
was in there before it's just after we
say goodbye and it's just I would cry
every time that for some reason the
emotions just came back I just like got
so sad
let's grab some dinner at food yeah I'm
starving real let's do it oh I see my
family I see my little E right oh that
looks very good
that's a that's a good-looking pizza for
a good-looking gal you know what I mean
yeah look it really needs up but I have
a portion but with your foot if it just
said listen you are gues 40 tomorrow
upon you is target you're too small
I'm your fortune Jacko not that I
believe in fortune and endings fun I am
no wonder why your son don't need the
guns again and will overcome difficult
times that is for you Jess
since you're crying inside no it's
fortunate this one of the greatest
things ever had in my mouth get with me
another one back come on a week
oh by the way will you go to find your
gate all right
I think don't leave me son yes proud up
to us proud my bro see you in a week
dawg
so we said bye to Jacko we'll see him
soon we're gonna board our plane soon
but first
you knew it you knew we have this
connection it's like telepathic
connection we can tell what each other's
thinking
90 3 2 1 ok 3 2 1
blueberry month three two one copy in 3
2 1 3 2 1 4 inches you know it's funny
what Jess insisted that we get on this
little walk thingy but guess where our
gate is right there
I'm still confused you gotta go on me
we're passing our gate babe and our gate
is over there snacks for the flight you
know what I'm thinking babe not be
jacked some beef jerky and you're gonna
be seven dollars in nineteen I wish I
was in that seat be kidding me babe show
them how me
tell you guys she just take with me all
the time and I don't appreciate you know
you know about yanma thank you
ladies said I'm starting to get to that
phase and oh I'm a little tired but I'm
gonna make myself stay awake for a bit
and then I fall asleep for hours in or
something like that
boom asleep for 10 hours of the right
time I'm going to be late
but other than all that you know the
only thing they say
you know what they say about lying at
midnight
you are many fun yeah
ah you know
you guys know you know it he has no
what they said
good morning sleepyhead I edited two
videos around
and fell asleep
we're almost back to strike
14 hours later landed in Brisbane just
got off that beast right there what just
what oh hey got our luggage and we're
off
yay well now we have to go through
what's that next it's another step of
security I don't know it's another step
to the process of getting into the
country hopefully we get through so
guess where we are back in the uber with
our world's famous uber driver without a
dab soda dad oh we're back as it lit oh
it's ridiculously it is so less so we're
about to see oh my gosh the dog has
gotten so much bigger holy cow Molly hey
oh okay
holy cow she's ginormous hey hey
humor me I mean Bella Molly okay oh my
gosh what a message
she's ginormous hey Molly is it lit dab
you won't mind over your time don't need
no gun Oh what what did you put on oh my
gosh
they drew dabbing that's dad dad drew
that wait and you got a Vegemite thing
with Jessa's name on it that is so good
it's so much anything I get ridiculously
lit that is so funny
wow I
hot mess so we're gonna end the vlog
we're back in Australia yeah I can't
even remember leave elope so I can't be
like okay enjoy it was literally ash
travelling here we just got to us yes I
hope you enjoyed our little vlog of us
traveling away Guinea loggy Ligety vlog
another day another vlog yeah another
day of it well technically we missed a
day we skipped a day we left Saturday we
left our lay on the 28th 25th and it is
a 27th hear talk about time travel baby
we go in the future hope you guys
enjoyed it be ready for more Australia
vlogs it's gonna be lit ready peace out
from Jess and Gabriel
