you guys ready for Thanksgiving baby you
yes you are you ready for Thanksgiving
we're gonna have a family Thanksgiving
meal thank you look at how cute you look
you have a scarf on sorry
well we get cute Thanksgiving pictures
I'm not ready for that okay dude you
look great by the way guys this is their
first Thanksgiving ever
yeah oh yeah you see it's his second
Thanksgiving with me actually
who knows you got a ride broke you sayin
oh my Jess how Thanksgiving do you feel
right now like you don't have time for
what Thanksgiving apparently I'm not
being silly
you're being silly that's true we're on
a mission to be Thanksgiving he right
yeah we need some toilet paper some
water that's not the part of thing makes
filming we're going to a store I think
it closes in 20 minutes on Thanksgiving
Day the good thing that it's open on
Thanksgiving Day but uh we want to find
some pumpkin pie little pumpkins
decorate I want to find some cute little
pumpkins what else do mean anything we
have all the food always pumpkins we
just wanted told you you want to look
here reminds me of Halloween no well
Thanksgiving maybe get some leaves
probably don't sell leaves at the
grocery store but let's see what we find
a little DIY you know for youtubers we
do that kind of thing
I've actually never done a DIY in my
life but you know whatever you have yeah
look at you she'll she'll teach you guys
how that's depressing
we went in and purple to find some like
cute Thanksgiving like decorations well
not really just the pumpkins there was
some stuff but it was just like bling
you know and we leave tomorrow that guy
was saying hey to ask
Happy Thanksgiving but uh what was I
saying
yes I just wanted anything you found
nothing I wanted pumpkins well I did
find like a water bottle well that has
that doesn't have anything to do with
Thanksgiving I'm thankful for my water
there's like these small pumpkins that
they had the other day that were like so
legit they were so cool thank you
we're like the mini pumpkins and sold
out and I was like oh those Langley
we've been all of us have been editing
all day so we went 20 minutes before it
closed
yeah because we've just been sitting on
the couch editing all that work on
Thanksgiving Amer I can't stop won't
stop just as kind of freaking on right
now because of this little doggie hey
doggie doggie oh my gosh hey hey what's
up
Oh such a cute dog come wake up you know
all I wanted was take up on Thanksgiving
Instagram picture with some points with
some miniature pumpkins but people in LA
were like nah we're gonna buy the
pumpkin before you you know kind of mad
not really trying anything because it's
Thanksgiving
ya know we're thankful but it would have
been really cool to have pumpkins for an
Instagram picture so all I'm saying so
since we didn't find anything we kind of
have to make durable DIY I have to make
this as cute as possible as just put it
as cute as possible with what we already
have we have that candle so we're taking
that okay all right just move my all my
decorations I don't know how
Thanksgiving that plant is but A for
effort
all abroad you know do you know what's
very Thanksgiving what Mario Cart yes
thank you tomorrow I am so thankful for
Mario Oh true American vibes help myself
so I walked up and said baby your song
all my windows down and cruise oh babe
with you nothing is anywhere my little
kid someone's in the country with some
morning baby you a song you make me
wanna roll my windows down crew guys I
think it is safe to say that we're
making progress though look we've got a
candle we have some pumpkin pie after
the sweet potato casserole we have some
corn and then all the children of the
corn right here kidding it's our lit
family
look at that look all the Polaroids we
took and then we're going to take
another one today and it's going to be
Thanksgiving 2016 yo
guys I think we did it we sliced up the
turkey we got the bread rolls it's all
looking fancy schmancy
member
sub swag Meister's it is the next day
after Thanksgiving and today we were
leaving back to Australia I was like
Jess can I blog right now I'm choosing I
don't know I don't feel like being on
camera because she's not completely
ready but tell her she looks beautiful
even with her wet hair and she looks mmm
amazing she's gorgeous all the time but
the reason why I wanted to turn the ball
camera on now was because we're about to
open we got mail
you've got mail yeah so we got mail and
it was really close reading they're all
from different places California Texas
Pennsylvania Australia Georgia and don't
tell me this is you got it oh right on
Rhode Island yeah that's cool that we
just I just what we went to check our
peel box before we left
today and we got there were some
packages and letters and stuff which
we're going to read all right now so
shout out to you guys who sent us these
these uh yeah these letters and little
packages I wasn't expecting to happening
I was just like I'll let me check out
just in case
but uh yeah thankful for you guys and
all your support and stuff like that and
we love you won't just just found
something out while reading this letter
why did she put YT put like the exact
times exactly my video okay so just did
a snapshot Q&A once on her channel and
this girl asked who is it Mary Mary ass
Jeff's a question on snapchat Q and I
just answered and then we just got a
letter from her
shoutout to Mary and thank you for the
letter she sent us both separate letters
but and a bracelet for just Jessie Pat
that's actually a really cool bracelet
I know anything that's legit yeah that's
really pretty but no you got a bracelet
I got a nice it's lit fam at the top of
my letter so we're all happy time to put
the bracelet on Jess this would be a lot
more romantic actually
her made this for her bed thank you Mary
for helping me helping me out ultimate
wingman win woman
it's so cute guys I got a letter from
Tori and she said she wanted to uh
wanted to be shown on the vlog so pinky
toe here's your letter Tori thank you so
much oh my gosh
Jess are you okay
Oh yogi yeah mmm hurting my heart for
views for view Jess this is both of our
channels yeah you're getting views too I
don't want to get views from getting
skin it's pretty funny it's pretty good
it's pretty funny baby you scared you
scared me yes the last vlog you scared
me you're using me for views what oh
yeah baby I'm sorry
hmm okay I'm sorry but I love you I love
you I love but I really need to stop
scaring your show really advanced me are
you doing I kind of do you got really
upset you just doing is Kadir about to
scare me I'm not gonna scare you again I
promise I'm gonna go ground myself what
yes sir yeah but I have to scare you
it's just so funny you get scared to go
easy no I'm gonna go put myself in time
I will
you
Oh
I've been trying out you look like a
thing every month I hurt your feelings
he forgive me but you forgive me yes
vomit Jess was being you know how like
she's like all you're being mean scaring
me she's being mean tickling me no I'm
not very sweet
yeah you are I just packed my bag I
haven't even seen you for like five
minutes
freakin liar
she was just trying to tickle me while
I'm packing my clothes why you kid but
you have to recompose yourself see you
can't do it I see guys have to be on my
side about this yes I'm just saying why
would I do that when you really do have
to pack a bag my magic has been packed
exactly you're trying to get my
attention she came in while I'm like
folding my shirts and stuff she came in
yeah you did he's trying on this beanie
yeah I'm kidding you're kidding don't
stop out stop it stop it
really good oh my gosh Jessica do not do
you tickled my armpit yes you did umph
it is so funny you tickled me in the
armpit guys he's just trying to make me
look bad so it's like what birth even
cuz he scares me a lot I didn't tickle
you can look back at that footage I do I
do
and you not appreciate this right now
your head don't tickle me stop it he's
making this Oh top it I didn't stop it I
do not appreciate this why because you
know I'm right
no you need to I can't deal with this
crap right now what did you just say I
said I'm really glad we look back at
that buddy know know what the word that
just came out of her mouth where yes I
got she's throwing crap at me she said
yes I got away with it every single time
that is exactly what she does you did
know that is exactly what you said hey
are you gonna believe me or him the boy
that scares me 24/7 or the little
innocent Australian are you kidding me
do not pull that Karthik what stop I'm
not - stop it
you're giving me the biggest bad
butterflies are you kidding me babe hmm
how did you playing no to tell them the
truth guys the truth is I'm a ninja
turtle this is going nowhere I'm
shutting myself mom you like no no stop
it
so why didn't believe me that and even
it's recording now
I am the victim here everybody don't
believe the lies we have to finish this
right now so I'm gonna be the better
person and the bigger person you know no
I'm showing them stop - she just tickled
me to the floor right now stop it just
stop I'm gonna admit I did tickle him
Thank You Jess I appreciate that
is that coffee poopy I know right like
your leg was okay are you ready to pack
your bag oh yeah thank you for
confessing your sins can we say a joke
before I turn it off a bear mmm and a
bunny we're both moving in the woods and
then the bear turns to the bunny goes
hey bunny
do you have a problem with poop sticking
to your fry my nose you know so the bear
picks up the bunny and wipes is bubbly
that's really funny baby poop jokes are
you ready to pack your bag I'm already
at I'm already in the process sorry love
you okay yeah
do you love me alright guys so we got to
get to packing and getting officially
ready to leave back to Australia so
we're going to sign off this vlog and
we'll probably start a new one
documenting the trip back to Australia
right
probably it's so watching I can
subscribe another do we see another day
another one
another day another vlog I hope that um
you had a really great breakfast me too
I hope you had a great Thanksgiving no
Americans for the non Americans I hope
that you are thankful for things even
though you don't celebrate Thanksgiving
peace out from Jess and Gabriel you get
it we did it we did it
nananana we did it abandon and man a new
