it was good another day another day
another wall we've gone what are we
doing today we're going because we're
going to the AMAs on Sunday so today
we're going to James Bay rehearsal so
it's like basically a private concert
just for us so it's not like a full
concert you just rehearse it
it's a soundcheck yeah we kind of meet
up too which is guys here's our uber the
school bus is here I'll drop a still
ease bot around the time guy I love
American school buses but you know as
always first Hey
sorry we just creep up there yeah you
know as always but first let me take a
selfie
down down did it is ruin the moment and
you know as always but first come jet
lag is like not fun dude I had the worst
lead by saying oh I woke up at like 7:00
and couldn't fall asleep I'm like why am
i wake at 7:00 I should be asleep this
lighting is horrible but yeah we are
we are in the bathroom on our way to
James and a command so I'm pretty solid
it's good its kind here excited Assad it
it's a Honda right here we made it and
we're going to go inside but we're not
allowed to video anything minutes it
seems an opposite confident oh yeah let
you know afterwards and then uh and it
was only yeah so then look through that
watching meet him but then we'll have
the rest of the day to flog creaking
flames all all all exception without in
labor you terminal Alan we're led we're
in the middle of the road and we don't
give to crops we're walking right over
here and we just say we just got out of
James Bay and it was so lit it was okay
we met him afterwards and he was like
like he was so chill it was like he
didn't even look like he was just a
normal dude no a second - and I don't
know he's just so nice a tough voice was
the purest scene it was
and he sounds better than he does on on
on the on his record oh we should have
said that should have said I'm playing
my winning but you didn't yeah I'm gonna
West Philadelphia born and raised that's
what Jess is going to walk down the
aisle to but look it look at downtown
the D T downtown Los Angeles Jess what
is it have a good one I can't you
believe me madam times we
yeah it's really disgusting like I
realize that like when I don't know dog
thing very try to fight me man are you
gonna do anything about it
well mate take my freaking camera did it
oh thanks bro thanks oh don't mess with
me I mess with me just spat on the trick
yeah I'd assigned to all your hairs all
you haters out there with us don't mess
with us we run these streets we run
these freakin Street we run these
streets that's what we do we just lock
them in let it what who's there it's
what nice and nipple I just heard your
fart yes please night Jacko's Australian
and what did you just say about Vegemite
Ty's side no are you trying to keep what
would it taste like and watch it on the
nail let me describe this have you ever
smelt a Chihuahua's food new brown nuts
imagine a chihuahua on your toes and
just you wanna get eaten putting salt
I'm I'm just a TM that's the accurate
description of veggie nah I'm done
veggie might not have it ever again dude
you were the most Australian person I
ever knew until he said that well
awesome
just as wanted to take a Polaroid
running on this jelly we're gonna vlog
for my polaroid now why would you zoom
in its I was rooming in a jacker so
we're setting up to film a bitchy or
command-v do a double date on a youtube
video no no
yeah we're setting up the lights in that
bad idea we got the stands then are we
filming over two million years - yeah
we're gonna do one second music
challenge
mine is improvisation challenge improv
improv challenge wait Han came in oh it
smells like pizza
you just have pizza
crap like pinja - Jess loves us so much
poof we just roam the video for my
channel and I broke jack oh I think I
broke your body dude my heap is actually
rule knock on wall jack oh oh was doing
something put his leg up in front of me
and I just grabbed it and lifted it up
and he was just like a legit horizontal
bet he's hot and just smashed my heel
into the ground now I've got berry sauce
on it so hopefully gets very good bitter
yeah you get little berry sauce Oh
original babe you guys are very
fantastic friends of mine Oh friend
whoops away tonight yes I do thank
you sighs of Alif aside I need to work
work work with Shimon in the work with
work with justice trying to get wedding
planning done and
he's not cooperative if that one is
around by the way have we like fly yeah
Jacko's the emcee at our wedding yeah
chicka chicka wicked would go out and
see hammer on the building duh this is
one of them this is a practice run
didn't you see your story around for the
tunes Clyde starting for now
welcome to the point guard Jimmy the
babe come on babe pretend to be Jenny Oh
would you like to say if you were trying
to pretend to be just as well yeah so
guys thank you for watching our first
wedding rehearsal run-through Emily sobs
one sit next to you could I not sit next
year
i canna cooperate are you gonna listen
and help me yeah my first memory of you
boys is you young it Jackie on snapchat
going like get to work
oh babe we have to do wedding stuff are
you into wedding stuff maybe you should
give me out of my body never get
anything done around me this is true
Jacko sir
so please stop playing your guitar and
get off the hole
Oh our time our economy jacker what we
are planning our wedding
no no you are playing are you waiting
dad was just sitting man come on I am
NOT just sitting here you literally are
I was yo I was planning with I got a
call from my manager anyway you go back
to playing sound at my heart flame she
wonders they saying I want to it to say
come on
okay I'm trying to like Jess what okay
wait so Nick Joe Jack oh alright so I'm
trying to like get gave to concentrate
and wedding plan with me because it's
very important early songs shut up
and we have a deadline of today tonight
yes
instead Jack I was being the most yes
better do that anymore
oh shut up Jess Jessie's got so
frustrated I'm getting distracted sorry
babe occasionally no you're not sorry I
am sorry I apologize and I will call
anyway got at the Meijer hot stuff and I
gave was like yeah yeah me too no I was
on the phone and I was like yo get me
another controller and I just deathbed
him I was like are you freaking dead
nice animagus rocks title I said Queen
who in their right mind should play my
recon right now me believe you're not
planning a wedding
Meredith : Marla story is Gabe is not
playing marry car owner is just as a
party pooper
wow that's a lot
jakka silver so what is this garbage I'm
sitting here planning a wedding I can't
play my games you play it for me and you
know why I'm sitting there planning a
wedding you know what we are sitting
there planning a wedding why my left
foot caught cheese no you hear me better
straighten up
good I'm going back to planning a
wedding maybe what even doing you think
people are gonna watch this vlog and be
like wow Gabriel is not ready for
marriage then what I don't wanna bet are
you sure people are pretty harsh online
Crossman you should remarry this is a
big moment Jess can you just repeat
everything you just said okay Jackie can
have a friend to play with for the older
girls watching she just said yes I can
play Mario this is what I said I said I
said I finished the paperwork I'm now
going to go on two invitations if you
don't want to sit with me and be with me
while I do that no no no she said I know
you clearly don't want to be part of the
invitations because it's boring so I
don't want to be this boring like I said
you clearly don't want to be a part of
it because I haven't been this whole
time because it's boring and she said
she would do it I said if it will make
you happier playing are I caught you can
go do that
Jacqueline girls watch a cow immediately
said after that is a clear yes all the
girls watching they would know that
that's like an aura stay with her and be
with her and don't play don't be a
stupid boy but the boys like you are
merely babies dude what dude you're so
close brother course this is no way come
on that has been our entire wedding
planning tonight
I've been him looking at the screen
doesn't believe it is not true yes I'm
just really oh no dude two more laps bro
you've got gonna freakin got this we
realized we forgot to uh put an ending
to this vlog this signing is kind of we
did oh oh thanks Jackyl helping a
with a rich Rebecca thanks bro high five
really struggling hard Oh should I get
the right angle but I thought we'd sign
out so thank you for watching peace out
from jet and Gabriel you didn't have had
me babe
I was waiting for Jackie to talk here we
go
