it's lit another day another below
another day another flight to America la
Los Angeles came in oh it's lit right
babe my face is lit look at it oh it's
my phone is that annoying oh that
annoying we are driving to the airport
out rebuffed our uber our world-famous
uber is driving us to the airport and we
off to LA what funny thing we are
meeting Jaco when we land his flight is
like five minutes after us landing five
minutes after us because he's living
from Melbourne and then we're looking
for Brisbane meeting in LA but I think
he's delayed like 40 minutes who knows
we'll see I don't know what else to say
besides me I was gonna rhyme I was gonna
say I don't know what else to say
besides see you in LA I think I miss
eating yeah probably she is before I lie
in like the next clip that we show right
after this and what it doesn't matter
we'll just say for kicks and giggles say
the vlog yeah dude only 14 hours I don't
know wonder what your son don't know
what FaceTime dad
we made it
it's lit
so what so let's be on
gotta take off back to get into Los
Angeles I don't know what else to say
besides that like
to watch the movies gonna take some naps
I don't know if I put it up
jet lag we all date you on the way
oh thanks from a kiss in Spain in the
end amazing
our
thank you
to show that I decided to come on here
and say that I love
lovely
you have anything detective
the connections
America
that's where we're about Al and look it
up close we are guys almost home not
home for her yet
thought she was a criminal
like I see why they would
we made it we made it come and look at
the sunset beaming through and Jesus has
come to greet us it is lit what you like
the sunset I was like something could I
see some honey
did I say sensor whoops sunrise we finna
get turn no we're gonna get split up
soon and then have to I have to find
each other
bye bub yes look nice Eunice I coulda
made it through prep baggage claim and
we have to randomly find Jack on a boat
Jess made it out alive told you there
was nothing to worried about I know look
at everyone here to greet us I love the
international terminal at LAX hello
everyone how are you
Jess just said we caught a taxi couldn't
wait any longer you are so funny babe
Wow such a prankster babe so where they
in Jaco right now Russell what I'll
actually kind of I'll actually catch a
taxi and leave them waiting
but it's fine
okay I would never catch a taxi only
said I'm like I'm like at that stage of
tired where it's like delirious and I'm
acting really weird right
I'll probably have to crap so long
flight I'm saying Jessa's worried that
one jackal comes through that we're
gonna make a scene no it's gonna be fine
ball it's lit it's kissing it's love
sorry
the family's back it took so long with
families yeah dude I almost forgot I
almost forgot how long your necklace in
the next person longer than the average
you don't forget it I almost forgot how
much you look like said this laughs okay
locked in outside of the apartment come
in what Jack oh hey hey come back inside
that's not funny come and say yeah yeah
what are you doing welcome to my humble
abode I let a new place thank you el-tee
but then you just love LA so much
actually you do then why do you have I
love London I'm sure don't touch me I'm
offended this is a lottery where Natalie
she might be wondering where's Jess she
gets hit hard with jet lag
Osmonds we don't care but we are sucking
it up now that we both slept a lot more
than Justin on the flights so we're
going to get lit no we're going to run
some errands but jess is taking a nap
right now so
we have time to be boys baby I am no
wonder what you
Rodney
yeah dude when out let it out look look
it even has the the booster sheet that
you put on top for I could just hook it
up on the back I could hook it up on the
bed
this isn't my bike I need to put this
back so what I was saying was that for
the next little bit of this vlog will be
us to this a little bit little bit of
this vlog will be osteo doing a little
bit of litmus oh good it's illegal to
carry a gun on you here in California no
I'll go to I should put them back in the
car yeah I think you gotta go I'm not
important so right now we are going to t
move t-mobile because because when I
went to Australia I got an Australian
SIM card which was great I was in
Australia I can make phone calls I had
data stuff like that
lost my American SIM card though so I'm
here in America SIM card was phone
number left so I have to do that because
I was very stupid and lost the SIM card
how stupid is out of needle is missing
to drive little smiles
Jaz Dabney come on this is gonna be our
Guinness World Record - uniform Jessa's
gonna watch the blog and watch the part
that she wasn't in like all everything
that we do between now when we go back
home she can be like she probably
species gets my sense of humor look
who's awake barely barely need some
coffee yeah but first coffee so I ran
for the p.o box and there were some
letters that we got in Justine said I
hope you show this in your vlog so we
did and PS Cameron you can't really see
it but it's on there it says PS kameen
so we're on letter to that we just
opened please announce in your vlog from
Martha yes really hears oh my gosh
chef's this nice handwriting we're about
to read you letter so what did I just
know it's um we made an executive
decision what you're talking about
yeah wait it no I do I don't want this
to happen happening it's happening it is
happening understand that to be a
professional visa so that just gave it
away what I was gonna say it was yeah so
I'm gonna reap ears my ears but the
thing is is that I used to have like you
could see the the ear pierced holes
I have them in on both sides um and what
happened was I used to wear earrings all
the time stopped wearing them I stopped
wearing them for a show shooting for a
month and then just never put earrings
back in so the holes closed and I was
like you know it'd be a great idea to do
on the blog repierced them but not like
going to a place and repear seing them
like literally like literally having
jaco with a needle just pierce my ears
but very um piercings of the Novo
company it's
pretty present zero so we fought dude I
saw on Parent Trap yeah here's two ears
with the ice and then she just boomed
right but if you try to do it great play
right big gratefully take the shades off
I'm wearing Jacko's glasses you look
psyche I look like a grandpa look what
we got guys we got needles
we got needles and an apple it's lit it
is lit you guys are piercing my ears I'm
not you're gonna need a film babe it you
need a film and Jack oh you're gonna
pierce my ears I just know just doesn't
have the stomach to pierce my ear so I
get my song towards any a ushers in the
TV dr. Jacko ready to do some surgery
get a lot of money suit alright baby
ready to film uh no I'm so scared
yes I'm so scared babe
if you if this goes wrong you're gonna
have to go to the doctor no no I'll just
case that means like do you want such a
stupid idea now that it's like coming
down to it do you want the frozen stuff
out of the freezer
yeah Toonami oh yeah oh I'm going to
throw up is that frozen food cheese yeah
I feel like you did why did I ever cream
cheese please
okay big you're the Jake and I have to
go right here I got a close-up take
number one of stabbing a needle into you
what is this little Jets dr. Jack are
here and I'm about to pierce this man's
lucky ER with this yacht pink because
yet in pink okay um and this Apple
don't put them your bite up to my didn't
wait during car yet Jake is Cecilia
Saudi Arab ah
this is so gentle I feel good you have
to do it my ear it's numb right now you
see where the hole is they see over the
holiday see where the hole is yeah but
it's like curled up cuz that okay okay
right there yeah
oh my god I am shaking ready just pierce
it there you go
ready you have on the hole here's it
there did it go in yep
no way oh you've stuck to the afternoon
oh boy oh you just pierced my ear you
legit just wait you did it scream don't
do it again oh my gosh I was i I think I
was way more scared than both of you
dude it is that is a Pierce under here
how did it
we've done it that is that is Victor
John strikes again that is a pierced ear
like oh my gosh okay so that is a
pierced ear ladies and gentlemen I don't
know how long we were where for probably
gonna take it out tonight but that was a
fun jack up good job yeah you can
you're good your job is finished here
say thank you thank you guys for
watching that that was that was scary
were you scared so scared I think if you
look at the footage I was shaking let me
squeeze do it meet up and just have
everyone in the line with a drop on
tomato just one after another
thank you guys so much for watching
remember to Like and subscribe peace out
from ya and Gabriel we killed it we
killed it just like Jacko killed that
your piercing no Jack I'm gonna say bye
to Jack hos jacket
say bye not say one more time on top no
no no say say say goodbye one more time
go boom whatever
I
