are you picking me up go great two or so
two things one you probably already
noticed that we're freaking goals
wearing the same sweater just in
different colors can we do stuff like
that
anyway second thing if our eyes are
watering they're cooking onions out in
the kitchen but some reason we both felt
the onion as' and our eyeballs and i
think it's because we're twins
knowing up but this vlog is very weird
it's over the course of two days the
first day which you are about to see is
us surprising kids at a school that her
dad works at her old school that her dad
works at but the problem is is that do
you two like privacy and stuff yeah dude
it's just like it's always iffy filming
other children other people in general
um and yet specifically other children
out of school so apparently we're not
allowed to use the clip of actually
surprising them which is gold violent
which is gold so what I want to do just
so you can like hear their reactions is
I'm probably going to put up a picture
of the group hug then I'll play the
audio of us surprising them um behind it
which is uh which is so yeah it's such a
good at such a good clip I wish we could
use it but we can so we'll play that for
the first day and then on the second day
as Jeff's getting baptized which is
actually today um so she got baptized
it's just like a weird order of stuff so
we just want to like let you know what's
going on what's happening so enough of
us talking and we'll play this stuff
yeah here it goes
another day
another day another vlog coming so what
are we up to right now babe we're
driving to actually grade sixes yeah
that's middle school and basically
what's going on is on the Jessa's dad as
a teacher at the school in his class
that he has because I keep one of his
favorite
sixth grade classes that he's ever had
and they always tell him every single
class about our videos so he's wanted us
to go and surprise them and just say hey
and stuff like that so we decided to do
that today so that's where we are headed
now oh I don't actually have anything to
say
oh okay so I'll keep talking so we're
gonna go not sure if we're gonna be
allowed to vlog or not because of like
rules and stuff like that with school
and filming kids and everything yeah
we'll see let you guys know hopefully we
can film because that would be awesome
but yeah and it's kind of strange
because it's the school that I graduated
from yeah so it's really weird for her
for me I'm just like ah we're going to
visit kids at school but for her
oh we're here this feels weird
because justice informed me that we
don't know what classroom there we know
the area so we just have to go and look
around I know like kinda ish where he'll
be teaching but apparently we might walk
into a random classroom yes that is like
5050 and anomic so so it's not in here
but this is my dad's classroom that's
dad's handwriting dad makes this things
so now what we're came so what informed
it's them next door making the noise is
that funny wait there he is there yes go
just look II ya just walking just
looking this is it
how are you guys know sometimes this is
my daughter and everyone say please
please don't go crazy they accepted my
invitation to come inside my so they're
just pumped they they're busy people
that I've just come to say hello guys
how are you guys
say hey to the vlog drop some mad bars
babe maybe wait
I'm John I do mary had a little lamb oh
why that's it
that was that was like that was so cool
and you were not expecting that really
we were about to walk into the classroom
on the opposite side cuz I could hear
like instruments playing and stuff and I
was a kid then on here they must be like
next door or something and they were
they were next door on the offices yeah
that's really that was super cold there
also joseki and there was a girl crying
my I was like don't cry out girly my
heartis me there's a fun little visit it
was cool it was really cool it's like
the first time we've done something
yeah I cropped up someone yeah rocked up
and make him yourself sound like a
superstar just rocked up real quick you
know hold on that's what I was truly
insane
is it really yeah it's like I just
rocked up by Marilyn so we just showed
up and that's the odd is the first time
we've done something like that it was
fun yes but I wasn't
it's like dad has talked about this
class a lot and I you know he goes like
oh there's such a beautiful grade 6
class and I just didn't I didn't know
like what to expect
they was so cute and I was so excited
yeah that was so great he's talked about
like us wanted to go like every time he
has their class that day he'll come home
and be like you guys have to come visit
yes have to come visit so we did and it
was yeah because then it was really
rewarding
yeah much fun yeah
yeah oh wait wait wait
but first coffee would let's say another
day another vlog to the person yeah
let's do it
twice you wrote on Yuri another day
another vlog
oh yeah copy
hey man so jess was a lock yourself in a
room with Toby for a little bit I look
like a clown I like your unibrow Thanks
you look good no lipstick smear across
there you know you kind of low-key look
like Miranda sings it doesn't have this
seatbelt on I don't have my seatbelt on
because you gave me all this crap that
you just threw on my lap Jake oh sorry
oh thanks thanks sir hey sir say hey to
the vlog cuz a day another glowin of
another day another baptism that is
what's happening right now literally
yeah what's up babe so today I'm getting
baptized I don't know if you saw if we
filmed or if we put the clip in of when
Toby did my makeup but it's off thank
goodness it took a lot of effort and now
we're heading down to the bay and your
cousin my cousin is going to back
and it's gonna be special that's gonna
be awesome I'm so excited for it
and I'm so happy I gotta be there for
that was one thing because she's been
black when I think I baptized and I was
always like don't do it when I'm in
America or when I'm out of town because
I want to beat it so yeah and last time
I wanted to do the fast tribute here but
then like what you're another 14 weeks
and it just didn't work out so I'm
really happy I get to do it now
yeah to do it before we're married and I
can be there and it's exciting it's
exciting stuff
I tasted the world see more than enough
it's from message feeding of water and
wine empty the cup I found myself
wanting but there is where the never
runs dry the water of life the blood of
the
cuz I know
Jesus
yeah
I mean is you
I am the one the one I am no wonder what
your son don't need a gun talk about
perfect timing what what is happening
right now
it is raining cats and dogs it is
raining cats and dogs ladies okay
right there Oh what that is insane like
right when we left it just started
coming down not only the Jessica
baptized today everyone in Brisbane is
getting baptized gosh are you serious oh
my gosh so guys we hope you enjoyed that
blah blog I just really call it a blog
what I hope you enjoyed that vlog this
is back to where we were at the intro of
the video but it is the outro so thank
you guys so much for watching like and
subscribe hope you enjoyed um you have
anything else to say well we're going
back to LA very soon so I'll vlogs could
get very la la e I was gonna say la like
lit but with la in it like Elliot but it
didn't work yeah oh now we have to go to
dinner sweetie on the vlog real quick
ready ready peace out from Jess and
Gabriel nailed it oh sorry yeah okay
let's do it again now we're doing the
sweater thing
