via text message he said okay nine
things I've had time to tell them that
I'm going to create you another day I'm
not a law son he's like watching us vlog
I know you cute buddy hi buddy uh who's
your favorite me yeah anyway guys we
have a really fun day today we're
actually going you're not going in
Universal Universal Studios anyway
before we go we have been slightly
interior decorating why is that why is
that funny why are you laughing at me
yeah just cute yes we have been
decorating a little bit more would you
guys like to see what we've interior
decorated then let's go because there's
a huge pause that's over there they like
leaving really long anyway anyway so
we're in the master bedroom right now
what did we get yesterday baby grateful
and blessed what else it'd be a farmers
market but first coffee so now in the
guest bedroom where we're going to have
that guest who will remain unnamed we
decided to get a world map with
Australia right there to remind the
special guests shall remain unnamed
we're really digging this a world map
here and it kind of fits the us that we
have storage things right now we're
working on things in the house right now
but that goes more in this car yeah
we're in a different car by the way
yes this car is my car
we've hardly ever drive because they're
always together there has like this
smell that when we get in it we're like
Oh like that's what it smells like who
we dated yeah great a baby good there's
her favorite part of universals
escalators
I'm sorry okay I won't do it she's like
crushing my wrist we used to come here a
lot early on I think like when we were
engaged married yeah but we haven't been
here in a minute and now I'm just
getting those vibes again I mean
technically we're always dating you know
we're always gonna be in love and stuff
like that yeah it's been raining for
like the past what we always skip the
animal show because something no it's
not the rides not an animal sorry
actually all right we'll do it today for
you babe we'll see but the past few days
that have been raining like crazy in LA
yeah but today is so beautiful there's
not a freaking cloud in the sky well
there's like some but you know what I
mean you get what I'm saying we'd make
it and I'd like to yell right now but
there's a TV show filming it's a show
we're in the park first order of
business that's what it is yes I do have
to pee very bad don't take on that guys
the bathrooms closed and I'm about to
lose my bladder is so full right now you
know what the bathrooms are located next
to
the animal thing that just wants to do
that what's up what's your name oh no
way she was just like Oh can't see my
love your hoodie you're girly moreover
the huh nice to meet you
I think you got our Express passes I'm
pretty sure because my bladder is
exploding and we really have to find a
bathroom right now guys we've found a
bathroom ready install show starts in 10
minutes and we're right next to it so
I'm sick I kind of kind of left with no
choice be wife happy life marry
I'm very excited
one hour later okay so we just got out
the whole time I think it's really sweet
girl sitting next to me like came over
and like said to me like that girl
leaned over at the end of the show and
she was like my look should be this
thing and then I was like oh that's
that's like really funny she knows who
we are
like she didn't ask her picture or
anything she just me number two was like
you should get my let her do that really
sure yeah I know it was good I'm just
like let's just go on like a roller
coaster it's Harry Potter world honey
cuz when we first got engaged we came
here and we tried quite a bit Emma oh my
gosh yeah that was like a vlog from a
while ago I was like trying your
butterbeer for the first time I thought
it was something that might have been
one of our first vlog yeah so if you
want to you know just subscribe be part
of the con seemed like it's no big deal
like you could just click the subscribe
but I don't have to but like you won't
you won't do it you won't you won't turn
on post notification don't like this
video and get it too crappy but I don't
think you're tall enough for this ride
yeah home is here
you know that Harry Potter ID was dope
which of a simulator one
it was the lids I liked it and guess
what I have a really small bladder so
that doesn't help at all
you guys already know she gave was
currently in the bathroom and he just
sent me a text message that
I just really wanted to take out my cue
for me
I want to be a professional ninja I have
been not mad okay
please process message of
thank you he's been really nervous to
tell you guys that he has a real passion
in England he just wants to take it
globally you know like he wants us at an
antique shop and not to have any more
it's good that he's finally got it out
hey I told them what happened why did
you say what did you say
what did I text I have no idea I don't
know what it is I've literally haven't
responded to your ostrich accidents babe
the cameras off actually what did he oh
come on or what I fix it
and that is rational
I totally forgot that I texted out to
you it's I'm surprised I haven't told
you guys yeah we can we're eating right
now problem with this is that we got
water and they gave us those shot ice
water bottles like they're bigger than
my teeth
yeah Benny boogers in my nose no guys
we're good ready to blow we are so full
we decided that we're gonna go on a
studio tour and like take a little chill
pill probates we don't comment on the
ride we've been running into so many
people I showed one of you guys but
we've been running into a lot of people
in one American and like a thousand
Australians because it's summer right
now in Australia you don't money parts
inside
I love things on fire oh oh that's also
we got wet again that is so much blow
this year and they're 100% not now for
the final favorite ride of the evening
mommy
there's the vessels like that action
it's like an indoor roller coaster it's
absolutely Lance got those Express
passes so we're skipping the whole line
over here one minute 57 seconds later
she totally danced right now right now
paper did you just love it babe Jess
your stance is so funny we got an
escalator she's like wait wait okay I
think we're gonna call it a day it is
freaking cold we're gonna leave but
first coming no no no that line was way
too long but first leave now yeah
I don't know we'll figure it out as the
time goes well do something freaking
crazy for the zone and all I focus on is
like you in this one I'm the person
that's like got everyone off
all right chivalry's not dead guys I
wanna do the juju okay do you have a
song nope Wow no zero impressive this is
Gabriel this is Gabriel he loves to knit
then this is Gabriel this is Gabriel and
I'm Jess that's right no whatever what
song did you sing you have to work yeah
you know what's really funny we're at
Starbucks right now and doing the
drive-thru line in this line I think is
taking longer than the line I was inside
of the mercial
we've been sitting here for about two
hours now oh they're moving praise the
Lord
yep we're stopped again positive vibes
contact look at that style we are at the
same primitive portion on Judaism earth
yes that is true we're at the same home
decor place we shared them what we
thought we did
yeah that's from the same place it's
called Hobby Lobby in my personal
opinion I think they should rebrand the
outside the inside is really really cute
and this looks like could be like shell
thank you I think that this needs to be
the model every family has a story
welcome to ours the Khan team son just
what piece of artwork are you liking
right now so I can kiss you anytime I
want
what what it's okay yeah it is kind of
guys that we found huge letters right
here huh
gotta make a statement up here in Hobby
Lobby and Conti meeee can I get a photo
of you how fast can you do it
good job you got me a present
yeah what is it yeah I have no idea I'd
like a coloring book thanks mom
what are you getting I'm getting you
some stuff than knitting printing that's
really funny I mean I don't mean in it
and it's really relaxing like you know
what else is relaxing like building
Legos never months later well now we are
home and he's blame your dad I know my
dad is his game I've been playing it
since before we were married that's
dedication
but it's not like it's not like I'm like
obsessed with it there there's just 10
races every day a little break for
funsies and i kick a few people's butts
from around the world on this game thank
you guys so for watching if you enjoyed
it it was a really fun day yeah leave a
like if you enjoy us logging I don't
know what where I was going with that
goes in and takes every single toy hey
my my way doing he's so stinking cute
did you get your sushi leave a like on
this video yeah subscribe to be a part
of the best team on the internet we love
you guys so much and I my love your
we're trying to vlog here do pyaza
Gabriel and my and my life tried to jump
on the couch but missed God
with you it's me
