what I have to not she's I don't even
know how to explain it
she's make she I can't go to her dress
fitting to a wedding dress fitting
oh he's she's kicking me out it's top
secret
he can go to like the top or something
was I gonna be like an hour and I have
to figure out probably know you do ugly
like hot new
one of it I'll miss you
thank God I'm leaving oh gosh bye
peace and quiet away from her I think
she talks too much
guys I'm kidding I'm kidding I love her
I think I know I'm her way more than she
annoys me actually I don't think I know
that that is a fact I'm going to miss
her for this next I don't know how long
there's gonna be like 30 minutes or
something that we're apart and I don't
know how I'm walking right now I'm just
walking down the street thanks they're
gonna miss her so much
and this is so
seems like it's been forever the chief
Oh
you had a near takeaway um here's one
yeah thank you
finally you're gone oh my I was so sad
babe I was walking around for an hour
just trying to find my way in the world
couldn't find it even got kicked out of
their coffee shop I went through their
clothes and I sat here I was standing
there waiting for you I'm sweaty and hot
and you see I missed you too here's can
I see what's on your phone babe yeah
what secret wedding stuff it's so secret
that I can't even know about it
sorry men you have to kiss my cheek so I
feel better thanks I feel better so what
are we doing right now babe where this
is my favorite store as a young it's a
Christian book shop and I think we're
picking out but or as I like to call it
yours
oh we have to be quiet in here baby we
have to be quiet in here to make my own
cab
are you no no no no no no no I am
opening the door for you whether you
like it or not Jessica can you repeat
what you just said where's the part that
the fitting only took you ten minutes
well well I was out sweating my butt off
in an outdoor coffee shop for an hour I
mean what they do is like I think the
dress on me and then they like pimp
places the admitting to be like closed
in title or like put down low yeah but
you said that took ten minutes yeah get
this so that happened it took them that
probably took like five minutes them to
do that the rest of the time there was
like mom the designer the other designer
this solo just standing behind me like
just like admiring me looking at myself
and I was just standing here like
looking at myself with the dress on and
then I took the dress so you're saying
that I had to go around sweating my butt
off in a coffee shop while I was
vlogging embarrassing myself because you
were looking at yourself in a mirror
okay it's your wedding dress and then
when I have to be patient with the
designer and we just talked to her oh
yeah and your mom texted me it was like
are you are you where are you were
almost done I get there I was waiting
outside sitting next to the car waiting
outside for another like 15 20 minutes
whose fault was that it was in with the
lady oh oh so it's your fault it is your
fault it is your mom's fault it was like
talking about the crane stop it she gave
it oh yeah
and on top of it just got free beauty
products where did I get this frickin
stain on my hand from the coffee cup
before you guys go commenting about how
I'm so grumpy about this stuff
I'm actually not yes it you can't answer
your texts I did not did you expect you
to yeah yes I texted you said I'm out
front of the building like a minute
after you texted me
get you biggest thank you
oh look Wow look at that
it was pipe and wasn't sent that is so
depressing did not guess it yeah that is
very depressing
what graceful stop guys
stop attacking me right now I'm eating
Vegemite again games my fetus she wants
me to try Vegemite again I think I'm
like adapting tastebuds not for it
because it's still disgusting but just I
hate it less if that's the better way of
putting mm-hmm wrong good that is my
nice things you're gonna you didn't be
like wow I love it so jess has made a
unanimous decision that we are building
for we're gonna set it up and watch
movie High School Musical no we're
watching like high school easy no hey no
no we're watching High School Musical 3
I'm putting this on the blog to show
people you torture me by tickles stop it
stop Jessica I will I will dropkick your
laptop when you don't listen to me I was
in the middle of reading an article and
then you asked me a question and that
happened it was an article on a tweet
stop it
I will it looks like I'm not wearing
pants yeah Jessica Oh allow me
Jessica Bala just stop tickling me
I will scissor kick your face please can
I have a civilized conversation with you
without you tickle torture Jess I'm
gonna accidentally kick you in the face
if you keep tickling me if I
accidentally I mean maybe on purpose
please stop please please
Jessica Bauer Jessica Jessica Jessica
Jess Jess you're the ones he didn't do
you know how much pain I'm in from your
tickles just stop stop it stop it don't
just say stop it in Australian accent
just drop it like right now
they start Jess just made up some rule
that I'm not a lot particular back when
she tickles me well not obviously
stop I will kick the laptop I mean that
the camera I will kick the camera out of
your hands yes I know my defense tactics
stop them don't tickle is going down
she's real feet to go stop stop it your
feet tickle your screams
terrific ow my feelings truce truce are
you gonna no no no I'm still close
enough to kick you in the face I would
never I would never kick a girl in the
face I'm a gentle but stop tickling me
babe please to him out of the shower and
I finally get to see my favorite person
ever Molly hey hey what are you doing
something you're not my favorite jess is
actually my favorite
I'm sorry bub Molly Molly cuddle Jess
good girl Molly wag your tail good girl
Molly look you good girl my gosh she is
so well-trained Molly let my hand good
girl
yes so we are going to build the tent
just fill him in on the supplies we have
we have fairy lights we have sheets we
have these chin we're gonna take down
and then we have we need to get crashing
and what is it gonna be it's gonna be a
foot no no what is it gonna be gonna be
a little bit you have to have to is what
I call the hug down here any hug even I
don't know one go say we going
of all here which is where we'll put the
laptop so we can watch movies we're
going to put Jeff chair chair chair and
then hang some sheets over it and then
we're going to UM dangle the fairy
lights over the chairs and then we're
going to plug in the light and then
we're going to put a nicer white
probably caramel on top with lots of
cushions and then get some chocolate
it's gonna be lit there wow I look like
a bit of it
look mm-hmm amazing you don't look like
a pumpkin say comment down below say
Jess doesn't look like a pumpkin she
looks like a babe anyway like a princess
we're about to set up like a princess
Cinderella who technically was inside a
pumpkin stop don't tickle June do not
wear reticent look for but we're going
to do a really cool time-lapse you think
so you guys set it up right now we're
going to do it from here so you can see
it on the inside how it's coming along
but we got to be quiet because I don't
want to like baby really Oh
can you guys comment how keep his hair
is I can wash our hair but I can't get
over it it keeps giving me butterflies
yeah gave me butterflies deep inside
GoPro set up is over the mattress which
we decided to put a mattress in here to
be the base layer of our four can we dot
no let's start cut the time lapse
so this is what it looks like from the
outside and you have to be quiet because
the dog the dog is on the other side of
that door and we don't want it to bark
but this is lit this is babe say hey
Divi welcome to my crib
there's the freaking fly yeah there it
is babe it's over there yeah oh my gosh
babe okay anyway there's I'll create yo
what's good this is cutest what I made
here's like my Chi thank you for
watching we hope you enjoyed our date
today hope you enjoyed our fort building
time-lapse that was pretty good I think
hopefully they're gonna go watch
Brooklyn nine-nine we're gonna go here
watch some Netflix eat some chocolate
you don't be best friends you want to
leave this fort here overnight I feel
like it was too much effort yeah pack up
it's one of those things you know when
you build a fort I always happened as a
kid I would build a fort when we'd have
a sleepover with our friends and then
your parents are always like okay you
have to clean it up you're like but we
put so much effort into it it has to
stay like let's be real like look at
that the Feria is a laptop with it game
over
alrighty guys so peace out from Jenn and
Gabriel we almost know stuff that one I
know
