welcome to the vlog where we do secret
wedding stuff we are about to leave on
our way our uber has just picked us up
say hello name what is my name yes my
name's mama bear
what's your legal name Jeanne Bauer wow
that's so fun you have the same last
name as my fiance what a coincidence
another day another vlog
another day another vlog so we're doing
some secret wedding business today and
guess what it is we're going to test
when your cake testing yeah I'm not sure
what the process is with testing cakes
had never done it before obviously it'll
be fine it'll be lit I am so excited
it's gonna be delicious
it's like delicious okay it's gonna be
delicious and I think that's a believe
this thing it's all we have to say for
now so we're gonna drive well wild uber
is they over driving a while and we're
just chilling in the back seat over here
Jessa's gonna do some little makeup
stuff he's got her bag and all the
things that she needs that I have no
idea what they are
bestop call honey faster
copy oh it's recording though it is
recording where are we
to be honest I don't really know oh you
dabbed on that sneeze babe so we're here
for cake testing and it is about to be
let him if you know what I mean let's go
let's go I'm excited to taste the cake
oh this is it this is it it is lit see
what I did there
oh my gosh god Bless America baby
better take out take out our Invisalign
mmm oh that's so hot
Bulova I need to reinstall a my way oh
my gosh I don't know what you're just
doing I was going like this all right my
bed I'm just admiring the cakes it's all
I'm doing right now like I can't wait to
eat that's all of them
oh I'm gonna be struggling until I get
it yeah moving on to a finite chocolate
mine white chocolate caramel and vanilla
okay yeah I'm so excited when I start no
red velvet
yeah that's probably good yeah
hey if we didn't look oh I'm trying okay
I can't miss da ba ba so good I'm just
excited to keep the rest of them just is
more like I'm just excited to eat cake
rather than pick one out for the one so
the red velvet was flames fear another
boy sure slice I'm telling you want to
do it just 7l not at white chocolate
that's really okay so good this is gonna
be so hard we've only had two I know
five I know what's your favorite out of
there is probably that one like I feel
like more people will enjoy that one
than the red velvet if you go to three
teeth tightly never different flavor for
each D ou have to just to spice the game
over very waitress dessert now oh really
nice we have cake and dessert to make I
can be just gonna show you do I know you
justice all it is like the wedding ahead
and make like wait which flavor was this
caramel um in completely ringing
climbing it brought okay I joined the
other two better but that one was
something you're not gonna miss really
again look do you like dolly to better
than them I like them all I really do
like those have a five-tier Larry King
weekly thing again clingy
you know what that's wrong teeny where
that's room
three clink Oh respect moment yeah yeah
yeah vanilla is really nice to me that
one's just so like you can just eat so
much of it with the first one I feel
like like I loved that bit but if it was
the whole piece I'm not sure like yes
would too much get too much what was the
second one that we had we had what my
dread verse but think that one was an
antacid the white chocolate no I
chuckles oh wait you think your children
ago then quite exciting things hmm
deadly the boring life to the world oh
my gosh that is okay he's not it that
that is awesome I'm having another piece
home I don't think I like the red velvet
the white chocolate and this one not
chocolate they get a really good
combination
sighs it exciting you guys are like
Indian right in on the secret
you guys are like part of the wedding
planning basically I reserve if he's
left enough cash we left this for you
guys to just any joy take it in all
right that's all you can take that's it
here's a fly I'll kill the fly for you
I'll be a man and kill the fly I'll be
your knight in shining armor that was a
lovely little meeting thing that we had
cake testing she is a wonderful lady to
be and the cake was great too the cake
was delicious did not lunch but we don't
need it now when you're clinging AF
what is this sorry it's really comfy
bird hashtag goals so it's the next day
about half breakfast just looking all
cute stop
I'm just saying and we we came out here
for breakfast and the mother decided to
make a little romantic breakfast day for
us by the water
thank you so much mom it's so funny
wait so which one's mine you're GG G oh
and Dave loves to smile that is too good
Jess are we gonna go eat
Hey Oh finish I'm scary but you're
supposed to go that way no I was
supposed to scare you yours what see me
no no I'm just gonna tickle you oh that
was an ultimate fail uh I suck got her
are you upset hello my precious I didn't
like that you didn't why not hey
I shouldn't alright high five HM kando
babe got the door for you have the door
for you I got this door for you babe I
got the door for you babe I got oh no no
I got a pretty big don't worry why are
you being like that because I'm a
gentleman why are you pretending to be a
gentleman on camera I just don't mean to
be mad at me for me scaring you so oh no
excuse me you little you you think
you're so freaking funny don't you so
today is
day two of this vlog which yesterday was
the wedding stuff cake testing stuff but
we were very tired by the end of the day
and didn't live long and were you doing
that were you doing the thing do not
know gab people are getting mad that I
use that song too much so I'm going to
stop using on songs all you're gonna see
I call them dry dabs you just and you
just need to have and nothing nothing
happens like there's no it's nothing
exciting because you guys are like wow
stop dabbing and playing the music so
sorry about it
I mean should I preface what we're about
to say we we had this conversation a few
days ago and at that point that we had
the conversation I was like oh my gosh
we should have been vlogging this is so
funny so that were now that we're on a
little Drive and we have some time to
talk and I brought the camera I was like
babe let's let's tell them what is good
and what is really actually really fun
because I forgot that I did this so take
it away blanks this is the story of him
friends or anything I didn't it I don't
remember this happen
no it did happen the day we met I
clearly remember a lot more about the
day we met because it
Wow Wow no don't know try and hold my
hand Wow essentially on the on the day
that we first met in person if you
didn't know we met over Instagram she
was running a trip to LA so we met in LA
and I went to pick her up for church I
went to her cousin's house where she was
staying
went and picked her up knocked on the
door opened it for a sec said wait hold
on one second slammed door back on my
face and then the day continued after
she came back I also did for me and I
was just standing there like this is my
story festival I didn't slam the door
usual story about me slamming the door I
didn't you did I did okay
and gently closing let me talk I opened
the door and I said just one second and
I closed it lightly yeah I went and got
the Wi-Fi placement and then I went back
to and graded and post and later I did I
closed it lightly anyway we're in the
car and we were driving to church yes
this is when I think he said this and he
was like we'll talk about the slamming
of the door and whatever and he was like
I heard my friends for a long time he
was like I heard my friends for a long
time so we can tell lots of people that
you slowed the door in my face so basic
my friends own do you did oh my gosh
look we offer it now we are best friends
and we get to Todd's story
yeah we do and it's so funny because he
slammed the door on my face
hating kids from jets real friends on
them at the fat the beginning oh my gosh
David you lit a candle and everything
yeah are you kidding me I didn't do that
we're going to film a video for youtube
listen what Jess gives me Louis sharing
the house hey guys uh this is my really
really tall fiance what if I was this
tall Oh what are we doing oh we're in
the middle filming a video actually two
videos we're filming two videos one for
my channel one for Jessa's channel so
check them out guys subscribe subscribe
subscribe to our vlog Channel hey vlog
subscribe to our main channel promo on
fleek guys please ah from Janine and
rush Oh Jess your parents are so cool
yeah that's so cool and hip and really
swaggy no you didn't she did not just do
this again
Jessica Jessica are you kidding me right
out Jess oh thank you for opening the
door I got such bad butterflies driving
off it was so disappointing to you babe
and you guys thought we were gonna go
through a whole vlog without me doing
dia I am the one the one thing you
thought wrong
guess what for those of you haters who
were like saying I don't like that song
plan of love take that sorry do we do
the piece out together or do we do the
separate all the way through just do
both so guys I think this is the final
determination of how we're going to end
our vlogs should we do peace out from
jet and Gabriel or or should we do peace
ah from Jess and Gabriel you let us know
you decide goodbye
thrill mmm
