we were just had some whole long
conversation about I wanted to start the
vlog but just kept talking about how
she's almost done with her period so I
was like you know what I'm gonna turn it
on and just continue the conversation so
it's not weird
it's natural we've talked about periods
before I took that be read all the time
guys anyway I know the day another plot
another day another for long I got a
tweet yesterday saying that upset
because I didn't say that in the last
look
oh yeah you never said it it was only it
was me and Sarah that's depressing
but another flaw another day in
unclogged but uh yeah what's going down
today bean Tom what's good we we're
going on a little road trip oh yeah yeah
so we're going on a road trip today
going on a trip in a favorite toy Yoda
zooming through Australia see kangaroos
ruse ruse ruse sticks cats ikemen
she was not about it she was not
interested anyway so we're going on a
little road trip and we're gonna go to
some waterfalls and have a little swim I
don't know we're just gonna have fun
yeah so we're going to this place called
to Amba and I say it wrong every time
apparently it's too Toowoomba I have to
say it too Huambo because it's easier so
we're going to tomba and it's a place in
Australia it's like a small town it's
where I grew up where she grew up this
is a special day apparently it's pretty
lit I am no wonder why your condo me
they have like whole street art there
we're going to see her cousins and also
we're going to see like these cool
waterfall rock pool things right yeah
yeah I don't know I've never been yeah
but first stop as always copy no you
guys had the same time so first stop as
always coffee
I got my coffee coming Kimmy know what I
realize that I'm pretty hype right now
with not even drinking coffee so after I
have the coffee oh boy oh boy you're in
for a treat Jessica you are in for a
serious treat just drive
oh my god that me me hot been a little
bit me
sorry bubby no really hit was funny so
uh jess is in all in shock because
there's a dead butterfly on the
windshield
oh my gosh can you see it it's like
stuck
inside use your windshield wiper a few
times oh there it goes it flew off
you're good
yeah isn't that like it's gone spray the
windshield and sometimes bugs at the
windshield and it just happens it's a
part of life I know I know
but it's in heaven now it's we've got
does that make you feel better we're
trying to get to these like what is it
cliff wrongful waterfall things and
currently we're in the area of the world
where they film every single horror
movie oh but we're about to you know
like proper burg what are you kidding me
over the past 20 minutes maybe you will
unlike
like what was that like done it was like
a dirt road in random Hills it was like
people crashing it to me almost I was on
a phone call so I couldn't film that a
whole time and then right when I started
filming
we actually got to main road again but
just letting you guys know that we went
through the area of the world will
you'll probably see a killer Klown we
didn't see any cuz it's a middle of the
day but still it was pretty scary
it was such a weird part of the world
and I know when I go back yeah that was
kind of freaky and then all of a sudden
you see like a cow walking on the side
of the road and then you're back on the
dirt road again and it was it was a cute
so there's a turkey are you scared of it
so we figured out where to go that way
oh my gosh why are the bugs so large
here maybe is this the part of Australia
that people talk about where the bugs
are just the size of my fist that's why
I mean right there so we are here we
just have to walk along that trail -
okay well my legs are getting bitten so
let's let's start moving I mean
so that didn't exactly an expectation
that we had or we thought is going to be
um it was cool but yeah I don't know
hopefully the rest of the day is pretty
lit but yeah we were told there was like
waterfalls even the sign said that work
that there were waterfalls and stuff
like that we didn't run any waterfall or
anything like that we did the whole
trail stuff but it was so cool still
that experience got some exercise in a
little Hank and stuff hopefully to Wamba
is lit
to say the least so we are like ten
minutes away from to one by you can see
it it is there but this is the spot my
parents always used to take me on the
waiter to one but to look at the beer I
just walked out from it and he was
sleeping entire time I'm gonna show you
the beer no we got to do since we didn't
get too much crazy like cool views on
the other b-roll footage from the lake
thing shoot a few GoPro clips right now
dang how sick was that babe look out oh
my gosh yes that's not very nice
mines are not nice but I'm focusing I
was focusing to you I was focusing on
scary I'm focusing on turning turning my
AC up because hot in here sorry about it
baby it is hot came in cuz you are
smoking carry going to the waterfalls
this morning with very bad decisions on
my pond you know it was between going to
a waterfall or hiking and mountain and I
chose waterfall I mean I agreed because
I was like all the waterfall would be so
lit I am no one no one but it wasn't we
would just hit my cousin's house and she
was like yeah like of course there's
gonna be no like waterfall there unless
it rains so that was a failure but it's
okay because now we're going to go and
get some lunch and the street around the
town that I kind of like walking around
and looking at am I making sense yeah
it's like a thing here street art
apparently from what Jesse said every
year they have a festival and it's like
a week wet professional graffiti artists
I guess I don't know yeah straight out
is calm and like paint different wolves
and
so yeah we're just gonna go and see what
we can find and it's gonna be lit don't
run over I am no one don't want you okay
look it's you babe oops
not really
art look it's a dove babe come on
Instagram Instagram maybe should totally
take pictures here since you're such a
sincere an Instagram user Graham if you
don't know what I'm referencing about
Instagram model when I propose to an
article covered gabriel youtuber gabriel
conte proposes to Instagram model just
Bauer she was like what people give me
crap about being in my my my little
Instagram model okay and judge really
hard profession you know we're trying to
get some cool insta pics with this
artwork here but I just really thought
hi how are you it's a head of the blog
haha
she was so nice she was so sweet anyway
what I was saying is we're trying to get
them to cool insta pics
alright just don't even don't even blog
I'll vlog alright that's cool that is
really cool oh that would be great thank
you so much Jess I know how much you
love dogs so I thought you should get a
picture in front of that
I don't know one know what you're like
oh my god friends are bug on my face I
just so many bugs here babe hi we have a
new Intel coming in very sad indeed and
that we're finding this out now but I
think I basically texted my sister I was
like what's so good about like the
wonderful place that we went
with it and she was like soon she just
texted me and she said they blocked off
the main part
they're so not lit like probably why
like it's so not lit that I dab and
nothing happens the song doesn't come on
that's how unleaded is you see not
working right in a little cafe
Center campus take a little pizza shop
and a little beads the show
we will take out that Invisalign ooh
part of the Invisalign Club now babe oh
dang who's that good-looking son of a
gun right there
that rig yeah I'm kidding baby I'm
kidding baby look at me look at me who's
that good-looking son of a gun in your
glasses right there cam it okay I want
to pull down there is there really yeah
well we could have just come here from
the start and I have to go somewhere
else I can hear the waterfall just took
me to the spot where it's pretty
romantic to say the least babe tell him
about it
because I have no idea what this is oh
this spot this is just a spot with a
cool beach but you did say that people
you know and make out a little bit of
tune this is the spot you did in the car
you said it I'm just saying I did not
say that bad shut the camera off real
quick if you know what I mean I didn't
say I'm kidding you're kidding all lit
dabbing
stange look at that view though look at
that view get out the way
you mean you're gonna make that Jerry
I'm kidding never come at me like that
but I do all the time Bob I'm sorry
sweetie
you're the real view yeah I'm just
saying
but legit it's pretty crazy it's pretty
cool so that's tabletop Mountain that's
what we were going to hike before we
went to that waterfall that didn't exist
whit with me babe come on three two one
oh yeah baby know what this reminds me
of The Lion King it just looks like The
Lion King should be here right like
really yeah like the Sun is setting
right up there and the song is going
embarrass ya cuz there's people around
because there's someone sitting right to
the right of me and I don't give a crap
oh my gosh these bugs leaving each other
is the worst
ah we are on our way to go hand burger
burgers with her cousins it's gonna be
lit fan
descendant man I know said Syrian kids
gonna be livin Oh what what what my what
my mind is can't comprehend fine I'm
still in shock
I've said it before dad for me and say
left and at the same time I am no wonder
why your condom Oh what what I am get
your like bury my cup I did not let go
of it my babe ladies you're just you're
blowing my mind with how you're saying
let fam and dabbing all the time
recently I can't even what
I love you too people so we just
finished up dinner with our cousins and
that was very lovely and very fun love
and we love them and now we have a
two-hour drive back home yeah
it's 8 o'clock right now we'll get home
just after 10:00 and we have to be up
pretty early tomorrow morning so fun
spun stuff well they see in the next
look you probably will wear let's say
secret wedding stuff secret wedding
stuff so be looking forward to the next
vlog about the secret wedding stuff so
babe did you shoot a comment on the last
video 8:23 p.m. in GPS please don't off
someone in the last video I think the
top comment was telling us to end it a
certain way yes I read it they said we
both ought to say peace out from Jess
and Gabriel I did reason I'm really
clever so I think I think that might be
a good idea song you want to do it ready
peace out wait let's go again what their
hot sauce this for you oh okay you ready
peace out I suck I said three oh we're
struggling with this three two one
peace out from Jeff and Gabriel
