Gabe is about to come out and I'm going
to drive off and prank him although it's
not a prank because I do it like every
single time okay he's coming act natural
bye bye
k act natural bye bye I told them it was
a prank oh you're such a good prankster
babe you want to tell them what's about
to happen
not really you want to tell us so
basically tonight I'm going to go get my
eyebrows done I get my eyebrows waxed
and I just thought it'd be a really good
experience if both of us went together
and boys had a high brows done of course
normally I wouldn't do things like this
but hashtag do it for the blog yeah
because we have a vlog channel it's like
you know what let's uh try and entertain
you guys as best we can so I know like
there's dudes that got their eyebrows
waxed
what is it threaded I don't know what
that means but same thing I've never
done it before in my life so I thought
today like you can tell that I don't do
my eyebrows are like caterpillars I
actually really like care my brown
thanks babe I like your eyebrows goals
but yeah I think it'll hurt I think
it'll be painful I'm really sensitive
around my eyebrows every time I get mine
done that became all around my eyebrows
of me so it'll be really interesting to
see what happens to you yeah that'll be
so fun so we're doing that in a little
bit we have to go pick up her sister
from something just dressed all fancy
schmancy I don't know where it is
Melbourne Cup Australian I'm Americans
I've no idea what that is like horses or
something anyway there's that thing and
then my eyebrows are coming off after
that so just needs a man to fill up a
gasoline petrol I'm sorry we're in
Australia I can't say gasoline here
I'm just a bit weak and I like you
so we made it here too we're waiting for
Sarah but um hey why do we end up
getting here late babe because you have
to be lies lies tell them I took a wrong
time like I don't worry about that kind
of stuff because you're gonna get that
like eventually anyway
it's very stressing about it it's really
silly Oh what why because you don't
believe interest people are gonna think
I'm sorry dog she says that all the time
whenever I'm like Beth baby I'm really
stressed about something anyway she goes
nut I don't believe in truth I'm like
what does that even mean
and then I go then what happens when you
what and she goes oh I get overwhelmed
and I'm like it's the same thing I mean
no it's not but I'm not gonna like that
could be a whole separate video me
talking about stress and not stressing
uh there is a difference between getting
stress and getting overwhelmed I will
tell you that well can you happen for
tell it it's me
we have arrived at the place Riga my
eyebrows on it's at a house - is right
one of us is very excited they just said
they're watching my hole - oh no we're
not we're not doing that I feel like I I
like it's Irish a is there I know for
girls they get like a curvature to their
IRA or something right something like
that to make it look into schmancy I
don't know that stuff these are way not
make it look easy look like many way but
we gotta feel is there a way to wax my
eyebrows in a masculine so Sarah octane
up last night baking soda mix the paste
and whiten them know what I'll put you
in the shells hey fuck take note on how
to fake anything anyway
Sarah's done jess is going now say how
to plug this is the first time I'm ever
experiencing what this is like you're
like literally getting a haircut on your
eyebrows you oh I'm so excited so Jeff's
was saying that she sneezes when she
gets her eyebrows wax
Jess you're looking good this isn't
zoomed in on your face babe dab dab dab
I don't know she looks like she's dead
yes I've always loved you I'm sorry are
we scared just by sitting there daniel
vlog oh another day another vlog she
found a rhyming word that she wanted to
use with that saying
another day another vlog another day
what is it from Victor the Frog Jess you
are looking so hot right now
another day another vlog and the day
another much you tried to snore it
doesn't
oh there we go okay I'm all done
are you ready I'll tell me that am I
ready yes I guess I don't know kind of
nervous
let's give them a before look lay down
are you focusing really close on my face
all right before Thanks do magic what my
chest pony you been nervous any nervous
baby will make me feel that I can he's
not nervous guys do I've never done it
before I take therefore first time going
on a roller coaster I need to get a good
thumbnail can you pretend you released
it well that was hot
ah that was actually hot baby what are
you doing some filming sir close how
many boogers do I have eight it's really
hot guy stop laughing on me this camera
is so close to my face oh my gosh okay
how are you feeling how am I feeling hot
play July funny have you ever had
anything Mike's like me yeah oh my leg
wants for a YouTube hi huh oh that was
very painful show me a toy within my bed
oh that hurt my face oh I feel like you
know I feel like you lifted my whole I
let off my face ah oh good do I look
down sorry what nostril flare get that
dramatic footage we need some music like
James Bond music yeah oh that hurts oh
that one hurt worse than the other one
came up it off ah don't squint mmm
that's the face relax the face oh you
look so good no I'm sexy me huh you want
to see sure click oh dang who's that
good-looking son of a gun on the preview
thing No
good camera one oh no it's happening at
something is that oh you're lucky you're
not too bad thank you gosh you're still
nothing you're not even going like paint
because he's tanned another 4 K at least
are you the vlogger now Sarah where
Jessica she's an outside she's sleeping
she seen anything it really affects her
does it they might be the cats I'm just
floating because I don't know honestly I
was going to try and skate but I was
taste it so I'm done yeah yeah should I
go look in there yes ready oh snap
uh-huh
I've never looked like this before how
it looks weird it does me no no like it
looks weird to me cuz I've never seen
myself like this it looks good though
guys comment down below
whose eyebrows are better justice
obviously yeah um it hurt when she
ripped the hair off my face but other
than that huh who's good who's fun gives
you a good acceleration thank you so
Jess isn't feeling too well because
she's allergic to cats and emma has cats
that Lydia did our eyebrows but hey we
got our eyebrows done guys it wasn't as
bad as I thought it'd be really I
thought my face was gonna be in so much
pain and it wasn't like in her eyebrows
look really good thanks babe you like it
yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah you like my events yeah
she acts my eyebrows you can officially
say eyebrows complete my eyebrows are on
fleek no one knows but yeah what are we
doing for the rest of the night we're
going to dinner we're grabbing some
dinner on the way home I don't know what
else we're gonna do
but it's gonna be the lit right babe
yeah it's gonna be sentiment it's gonna
be so wet I am no one no 100 you savage
babe
you savvy job done I am no wonder what
yo oh look at our eyebrows guys sorry I
had a little bit of a cat thing happen
yeah she was
we're gonna keep vlogging like when we
went to dinner and stuff but she was a
little little allergies Oh bitter
allergies and stuff but she's good now
nice but I just feel really great but
yeah I hope you guys liked our I'm not
look at the look at the definition look
at the dimension Oh cam and kami but
yeah thank you guys for watching we hope
you enjoyed it yeah like and subscribe
and stuff peace is that for me is owed
money yeah what did I do
he's awesome
Justin Gabriel peace out from Jess and
Gabriel you said it you said give me to
international peace ah from Jeff and
Gabriel I'll be you're not supposed to
do that can't you peace up from peace
out from yes and Gabriel
