so something autumn just happened we
read the time wrong we thought we were
leaving at 11:55 and we were leaving at
10:55 and so he showed up and the guy
was like you're a little late and you're
like no or not it's just before 11:00
he's like yeah your flights leaving we
were like what the heck so we miss our
flight we're trying to figure out a new
fly working on it but I thought I'd walk
and let you guys know a chant on a
little secret there so the next flight
we found is at another airline but it is
at another terminal so like across the
entire yes we're trying to make our way
over there and just gonna cry baby we're
fine we're gonna make it it's good we
only have what we get back all we have
to do is film three videos and go to the
Latin Festival we are days not busy at
all that doesn't make me feel
I love you of me we're going to be fine
okay it's okay bub guys tell Jess it's
okay hear that they all said it touch
down in your play ten minutes after the
one myself working up yeah okay I'm like
kind of sweating right now because that
was a very quick nerve-racking situation
but uh we got to kitchen back
upsetting I am upset she almost started
crying I was like no it's okay you're
going to crack we're good
hi he's got a new plane ticket and we
bought in 15 minutes
so it's lit but the thing was is the
airline that we were on before said we
could get a new plane ticket but their
next flight leaving like Brisbane wasn't
until 6:40 at night or something like
that so we were like we got stuff to do
we got to leave so we had to search for
the next leaving flight out of Sydney
becquer's become whatever airline it was
and yeah we did that and it ended up
that the flight was leaving 10 minutes
after we originally thought we have to
leave so it's not too bad not too bad
fine you okay yeah do you want me to
shut this off yeah
thank you thank you dog Booey
thank you thank you for the guy
thank you for coming to get us
isn't it the cutest girl
another day another well another day
another vlog we made it back lamb brains
man yeah it's very hot I shouldn't have
worn this thing because I'm sweating
underneath sweet mmm that would be great
but it's a busy day today okay so what
we're doing today we have like two
YouTube videos to film hers and mine
because we were planning to do it over
our time in Sydney but that didn't up
working out because we were pretty busy
so we have to film today before we go to
a lot in Festival and that is going to
be lit Ram so the last thing we're going
to tonight is the festival in Brisbane
and my little brother Toby's gonna play
in it which will be pretty fun and we're
gonna dance are we going to dance yet
nor am i given its no we are going to
dance I'm gonna force her to dance he's
going to learn how to really nice salsa
and metal you spin your own sir I know
you just kind of drop it pull me into it
I just like falling okay we'll see how
it goes so it is later today we filmed
two
for Jess one foot
we're trying to vlog here dude can I see
someone's best if I look awkward when I
talk or like don't talk at all it's
because I've put my Invisalign in and
it's so uncomfortable because I really
just started it today you'll get used to
and I'm is aligned in two we both have
Invisalign oh yeah and I don't feel like
so uncomfortable right now because I
feel like I'm doing a lot of awkward
like mouth noises I just wanted to I
mean you always do so I'm kidding I just
wanted to make that little display
mazar-e we film two videos today oh yeah
first we did her video on helium which
was so funny a little dangerous but we
did it with precaution so don't be mad
at us and don't leave us hate comments
about you could die on helium we looked
it up we're safe yeah then we film my
video which was trying not funny try not
to laugh challenge with our water with
our mouth full of water and we had Jacko
sent us a bunch of stuff to laugh at we
were very uh drenched with water after
after that boys had to shower we're in
that we're in Brisbane City right now we
have a Latin festival but we have a bit
of time before my brother plays so we're
looking for someone to just kind
oh yeah we have a little bit of time
before his her little brothers
performance so we're trying to find a
coffee shop so she can edit a little bit
but um not having much luck with the
cafes no we are not my mom sent me a
picture of llamas at the festival
because she's there right now and I want
to see a llama so we're probably log see
mommy car 13 let's go let's go baby
so Jess isn't into the dancing just yet
so off okay she has an iced tea in her
hand people so we are on a mission to go
find some llamas the taupe it ends up
well and we find some moments where are
they we were told the llamas were at the
end there are no llamas to be found
I'm slightly disappointed right now she
should we ask for the llamas on update
don't know Lamas don't know llamas it's
a slightly very disappointing where are
the Mamas just dance net recording cat
oh hi get out of it
she's too white
get a detention update still no llamas
hey guys um so we are here Hospital
right mmm
we're in the emergency area of the
hospital this one is having a little and
I say episode is average safe having a
little episode as soon as we pulled up
to a house he like jumped out of the car
and like go on the ground into a little
bit wanting to throw up yeah he's not
feeling too good I just hear maybe I see
a doctor and I have to balance and
paperwork I guess
it's I don't know how long it's been
since we lost flogged when I got him
some Gatorade which Gatorade is really
good for dehydration right mm-hmm and
we're just waiting a little bit to see
if he feels better maybe he won't have
to see a doctor because there's a really
long way at the moment it's not a lot of
night doctors at the moment mmm anyone
else to say but he's getting there
sometimes sometimes he has to throw her
enough there is he's very bright I'm
very proud of him thank you I'm not
gonna film anyone will leave an
emergency don't play we burned me back
he feels a little bit better
mm-hmm not a hundred percent but we're
just gonna go home and rest I think I
caught it in time the dehydration
we kind of like rushed here as soon as
it started and I started drinking a lot
of Gary this last time we know what it
was and I didn't search anything like a
couple hours I'm gonna just kind of Andy
I got really bad but I'm gonna look off
to him and he's gonna be okay I tweeted
out but our videos might be delayed
because he got sick and you guys were
sending really positive messages yeah
thank you
I'm really lovely messages here we all
I'm alive he's alive I didn't die today
is the next day it is Sunday yesterday
was Saturday for us so I'm alive I am
better
yesterday I was dehydrated and we caught
it in time because the last time I was
dehydrated didn't catch some time is it
everywhere scary
barf everywhere Hospital Ivy's in the
arm so as I started feeling the symptoms
I was like that's not going to happen
again I started throwing down so much
Gatorade so much water um and now he's
real I only threw up a little bit in my
mouth one time and that is the extent of
it we hope you enjoyed us missing the
fly and what happened yesterday all I
remember was that a sick oh wait a lot
of stuff happened yesterday we missed
the flight I tried to get her to dance
and then you and then I got really into
hospital sir we hope you enjoyed
watching remember to Like and subscribe
to our channel guys for more freaking
flames
peace out on it--some peace out from
Jess and Gabriel
