but we're going to Sydney
Oh
guys where's Jess
but what's up Sydney was good
so I told Jess I know she might need a
sweater or something maybe I wasn't
listening she wasn't listening and I
also hope that you didn't need her
sunglasses cause it's overcast not right
now in the beautiful town of Sydney she
didn't listen as soon as she walked out
she was like oh I think I need to change
my sunglasses from sweater and also I'm
in like such a summery jumpsuit I was
because you faked and yes does she
sticky and I can't touch it this is like
the only thing that I could wear because
it's loose and it's not like white or
light gray which is basically what
happened we're going to go find
somewhere to eat
although Gabe wants breakfast but it is
11 o'clock wait time out guys look at my
facial hair Hong we have to get to the
right angle so you didn't see it see it
looked like a man I'm slowly becoming a
man no I took her any more than that why
because you're like I sure I'm not no I
like you as you are I don't have my ring
you will you up what my rings because I
just thanked him
and I just don't want to get into you're
not a lot of fake tan everything can you
do that again
what was the dance move she just hit the
Quan so hard just wants to do something
like hey guys today we are taking a trip
to Sydney Harbour and we're going to be
doing a jet boat yeah it goes really
fast it will blog that and it's gonna be
really fun apparently it's really fast
you get soaked and it like whips you
around and Stefan it's a relief oh
thanks or Dylan out going to be look
what Jess has got all the veggie main
menu madam disgusting right go ahead
no you want me tired just smell
it's good he left
oh hey
that's not that bad cause it's very
light amount just spotted these dogs in
the window here hey I just want to color
them you don't want to cuddle me yes
let's talk about that guy the waiter at
the restaurant we were doing a Dean we
were reading worrying a problem biblia a
Bible people yeah
he came up to give us our breakfast and
you saw the Bible and he's like oh it's
a crime and we were like yeah and he
goes what are you reading and we're like
we're reading proverbs and he's like oh
I love that book and then he basically
gave us
yeah he's amazing story and it was so
cool running into someone who was so
encouraging yeah so encouraging and
passionate about God and how God has
changed his life and stuff like that so
that was really cool and encouraging
yeah there's great way to start the day
so Harry if you end up watching this you
were the man look there's fish under us
right now what this is crazy babe I do
wish they had more fish in here though
but it's so pretty cool
another day another one of the day end
of the Volga Oh Jess got her engagement
ring we thought we lost it I was like
yeah everyone has everyone over there
was like looking over nothing
thanks a lot I was kind of scared I was
like babe
if we can't find the ring I always put
it in a place in the box get it you hear
that I'm here that sound
that's crosswalks in Australia so weird
I find it super weird cuz in America
it's just the crosswalk sign turns on
pay attention yeah here you could just
be doing whatever I want you hear the
sound you're like alright I can cross
the street and not have to look for cars
your turn to dance mmm oh we are headed
to UM the speedboating thing am i right
yeah am I right guys am i right but yeah
we are in an uber on the way there and
it's going to be fun lit fan
can you dab me no one no one oh yeah
it's gonna be fun it's gonna be exciting
and uh nothing else to say really
we'll see you when we're there mm-hmm
this makes your nose what's up my turn
hey we are going yet for Friday fast
miss on water I don't know if I'm except
like I'm excited about it but it's
already kind of cold I know the waters
already cold so we're gonna be really
cold not because of the wind but
apparently gets sprayed a lot with water
so we were talking to someone yesterday
about it and they said to bring a spare
like hair clothes and we did it so we'll
probably get really like so
yeah but yo check out the uber we were
in it's passing by right now it's pink
no he was super cold but Jess Jess is
super excited that the car was pink
she's like this pink we need to find out
let it go so they're gonna stop plugging
and be back very soon yeah but look
where we are what what the Opera House
the bridge just power all things
Australia we had no idea where to go so
we are Google map sing way on how to
walk there the Sydney is a lot like New
York though I've found the buildings are
shorter but the vibe is similar a lot of
people walking around a lot of traffic a
lot of cars a lot of taxis I'm just
gonna continue vlogging while Jeff's
figures out what we go it's down there
you see it yeah oh I see is this it
right here lit Oh dad dab dab dab oh
that's our guy right there that's it
wait wait horn I want to get this
hello Bert hello Mike we checked in and
now we have half an hour away so we
might very go I was gonna go get food
but this one has been snacking at the
what is it called I would I was just
getting hotel snacks cuz I was like yo
we're gonna get there have to ride in
the boat I'm on an empty stomach let me
just eat some stuff so I ate hotels it's
not a good decision because we have 30
minutes so now I'm gonna go find
something small but I don't know what
he's gonna do and then I'm gonna pee I'm
gonna be with you the whole time baby
I'm gonna I'm a good fiance oh yeah
we're ready put that poncho on babe
but that we're putting on fun just put
on the new swag I feel like a Teletubby
wait what's the purple
although these are scary look at that
view how cute do we love guys come on
they've already won
I'm denting it up we weren't allowed to
take the camera on the boat but in the
aftermath right here my I took this
shirt off because it's 100 percent so I
just put it back on it looks like I peed
myself we drinking before I have the
world's some laughs you knew what I was
going to say before I even said it the
world's smallest and worst snapchat Oh
goals anyway so that boat ride about
quarter way in my bladder really started
to fill up and each bump was just really
calming
and yeah we could just say it was rough
I had to pee the whole time especially
there was just water everywhere which
didn't help the situation so we got yeah
I gotta find they gotta find a bathroom
on Java
pronto the head of the vlog names names
Tiana what's going on you guys we got on
the boat and we came back and they were
waiting for us
that oh why do I do oh wait whoa whoa
whoa that is that is so funny
so we were actually after the ride they
gave us footage of the boat ride and we
kind of looked through it we're in the
back row so you can't really see us that
well so we decided to do some insert
shots of what we actually looked like
while riding that boat so we'll start
that now we had to have our hands on the
handlebars like this I have a croissant
but you know
look
her body slingback oh how was your
sandwich bumpy too hot oh dang it I'm
not gonna eat that now thanks for
watching remember to like and subscribe
guys and go give your parents a hug and
go play with your dog
oh you're just gonna sing go give your
dog a kiss like this I ain't a dog peace
out from yes and Gabriel
