bully jack√©e okay that's SATs it's not
too early dude it's only 5:40 in the
morning in technical terms
that's Fabio's past midnight and that's
too oily
we are going on an independent and we
have to leave in four minutes by the way
so better be ready for a minute okay
gotta be right Jess are you excited
thanks bub it's run birthday today guys
and have something in my eye on but it's
my birthday and we have to leave in like
three minutes now so we have to have we
have to head to the ferry take it across
the great big ocean to get to an island
where it's going to be enough and it is
going to be straight-up lit I don't know
one don't want your son don't need a gun
to get respect
yeah I knew it Jess I knew it baby your
dad's a savage we're checking you want a
banana
kabaah fam stay lit so what are we doing
today guys getting whip-it you know
favorite noodle calm LD 21 no you're not
you're 22 cuz it's your birthday thanks
jack oh I am 22 today Australia time in
the US I'm still 21 which is a weird
thing to think about anyway we are going
to what the island called tang dilemma
parent angle in my island bro Jessa's
parents got me and Jess some tickets to
go there today too what is in the ATV
which is four-wheeling or quad bike
whatever you call it and it just so it
turns out holes on the same trip and no
one even knew about
yeah freaking crazy Tomas G take that
exact same time same dices okay cheese
what are the chances dude no but then
Jacko came into town we're like dude you
got to come with us so then people
tickets and stuff like that you to
finish what I was saying we're going to
go ATVing you're going to go snorkeling
on like what is it a shit right
shipwrecks gonna be let fam to say the
least
you vlogging to and just want you to do
my intro for me so I got my short logs
yeah excuse me these are our drinks from
last time we were here would you be able
to throw them away for us I'm just
trying to show that we're like
consistent consumers of your delicious
drinks sorry if I'm really forward I'm
American oh thank you bro you're a
legend Jackson this is your drink all
right wanted look gonna be grateful for
what we got you all right son and when
you're not drinking it don't punch the
drink don't don't punch up head-butting
still don't head but the drink that's it
we put your window back up drop it don't
joshing okay drink it like a good boy
actually pretty good I'm in the car with
the camera and there's nobody around see
no one know there's no password to the
camera so I can get on it and do this
and talk a poopoo
what are you looking at one day I went
on the ferry and it was very good and I
obese I mean weird we have got a parking
token and our ferry boarding things
these violations I get one got it
already big dog
when you're the third wheel there's our
boat there's a very wet in the water you
see it turtley what if we gain Oh what
if we do are you excited for it I say
this needs your help
dang I don't save a life today
Casanova's in the CBD we'll just ignore
just so I know this is something out
there seems a bit
guys guess what it's lit a look at this
crazy view outside Oh Jess Jess say hey
say hey there we go there we go there we
go there we go ha ha that's right here
Oh boom what's going on
walbro the freakin pelicans made me yo
look at this crazy Buell like I'm not
one to put together some clips and
whipping some fancy music and stuff
dude this is actually pretty cool this
is a flip family this whole trip is just
gonna be Jaco and I filming stuff
walking around and just is like all
right so we need to go here and get the
tickets here and go there she's a
responsible one yeah I either are you
the responsible I'm the mother your
people Metiria children let's do some
cool stuff where the children guys I'm
engaged to my mom buckets all right so
it is what time is it right now baby I
guess so right now it is 8-18 and we
don't have our ATV four-wheeling session
till 11:00 so we got a few hours but we
need to book for after the foregoing
session that we have we need to book
snorkeling because we're going to go
snorkel and shipwrecks but we need to
find where to do that at so that is our
mission right now and it's just not open
it's closed we got here too early
where's jaqen we gotta go for Jack oh my
gosh that's only running that way
sweetie let's go find our son son Simon
I'm so glad I found him don't ever run
off like that again know what you
understand the rules what rule excuse me
excuse me hey don't jump hey actually
pretty early on here is actually pretty
nice doing on InTouch we rebel I don't
know what your kind don't need your
about it
just have a lot so you have to do stuff
like taking footage of you taking off
your shirt so I just like go like this
and then
we replenish water play music right now
so how cool that was so we just found
out that scooby-doo the movie scooby-doo
is filmed yeah on this island so we
decided to put together a little
performance before you scared raggy like
I'm getting home rescue look at the
beach buggy oh I want it let's go
Frawley oh we gotta get some food
sausages dude
squish neck let's go surfing dude I'm
scared yeah and I'm like it's like that
nice well I'm scared likes to you know
rap found it for making the reservation
yes you can no no we can swim peak side
of it it's going to be rich fam hey did
we do it we are all booked for our
festivities today and we have a few
hours before it happens so can we just
go on the beach and frolic can we just
chill on the beach is this legal
oh I got you
yeah no nope this is cute until we put
our feet in the water may my girlfriend
just get out dude hey don't talk don't
talk to your girl like that bro Oh is
she dead shank dude oh my gosh bro just
call an ambulance my god
check out okay drop me another
girlfriend so I'm the reason why we oh
my gosh okay so the reason why we have
this heart originally was cuz Jess and I
took a bomb Instagram photo Jacko's idea
we were laying in the heart trying to
act all cute gross and stuff and then we
decided to draw a fake girlfriend for
Jacko and laid him in the heart and
that's an even better photo she just
died
what are you here brand first
dude what are you doing bro you're
trying to dig up out of your watch the
Sun is covered and it's pretty windy so
which makes a pretty cold and nippy and
I had goose bumps for our straight about
thirty minutes you might go to a cafe
get some coffee and some water and some
food hey son keep up all right he's up
hey stop messing around put your shoes
on put your don't walk in the grass like
that don't go back on the sin do not go
back on the sanjak oh do not Jackson
Jackson put your tongue back in your
mouth then don't like the sand do not do
not lick the sanjak Oh do not are you
kidding
go for a mud Rock no Frick oh god
there's people behind you're totally
looking at us big dog with the big vlog
another day another vlog another day
another flow another day another blog
you actually knew where we're going
we're off to our ATV to up ATV
four-wheeler quad bike whatever you want
good Mike Charlene's called him quad
bikes Americans say ATV or four wheels
but yeah we're gonna do that now just uh
went got a little coffee little water
little snack gonna freakin start the day
and some be late why Scoob yeah buddy
do you remember this place dude this is
where we filmed a movie Rocky
I told ya you look so cute babe wait so
we you have these hair nets what do you
do pull them oh we have to wear these
here now why do we have to wear hair
nets because I'm you have to put helmets
on and then people other paper where I
don't uh you don't want lice Thea I came
in we've got these really cute helmet if
I cute we mean almost to make us look
like licking mushrooms I gotta pee so
bad it's gonna be a rough ride
or with a full bladder these things
ready babe yes yes are you nervous
thank you video is always making of it
it's literal
hey sick dude
yeah it's awesome Urkel yeah I'm from
America yeah la la la' yeah from Florida
but I live in LA now
it's lit dude I have to pee so bad oh
thank you man on it wait for you Jesse
like it you love it bro that was so sick
vlog footage on point my friend bomb
target right here
Michael Michael the savage maybe up on
that was I would so recommend doing that
at the beginning yeah at the beginning
of it we were like oh this kind of weird
we're just going on the road or whatever
but then we went off into like
off-roading in the mountains in the
jungle this is like a seek view at the
top I don't recommend doing it on a full
bladder because oh there were some times
there's some times where I wanted to
pull off while the guy in front of us
wasn't looking like our leader wasn't
looking just peanut Bush and then get
back on in kaca
but I got to find a bathroom pronto like
I need a bathroom there's a notion that
we can pee that's kind of kinda gross
what do you made every human does that I
don't pee in the comments in general
that's weird you have to pee in the
shower as soon as the hot water hits me
it just relaxes my body and I pee I made
some section some made ocean everyone
does no phase of yours and they're
common if you pee in the shower cuz
everyone pees in the shower I do
sometimes I'd be twice in the shower my
feet oh why would you pee before you
show this island is so sick oh this
island is so sick yeah this island this
island is so legit
we just went ATVing and I was like we're
going I'm so excited to snorkel we're
gonna be snorkeling over the ship like
shipwrecks there's multiple big ships
that are wrecked with fish but the fish
didn't wreck cuz you kind of just said
the future about Dave we you should come
back here for our honeymoon yeah
maybe it is lit fam you said that every
time yeah oh yeah right dude
it was lit oh well she didn't get on
camera I am no wonder why your car don't
need oh there we go
we're done with that meal we didn't
really have time to eat it all yeah we
got a rush over to the snorkeling now
we're gonna go snorkel I just kind of
forget how you'll be good you got this
you got this babe honey you'll be mom
you gonna be great I'm in a way I'm
trying to get in a wetsuit I'm gonna
have the biggest wedgie because I'm
putting what is it and we're getting uh
flip is okay all right
ready to go soon
why are we late to the boat over there
you ask oh because Gabe has the west
bladder in the entire world
yeah why do I only have one sleeve on my
wetsuit cuz you just went in peed i
homeboy has to bet I'm glad you eat now
and not enlarge what does it matter
everyone in this boat is probably gonna
play in the ocean when we're out there
Oh check a I just don't know dude it's
too it's a pretty it's a pretty long
boat ride the wrecks I don't know if you
can see them if they're out there he
said oh there's a perfect time to see
turtles and just freakin surgeon yeah
that's awesome
I'm excited
go dancing
how beautiful is that
oh look at you
okay what's gonna do it do it do it come
on baby got it got it come on personal
hye-young don't wonder why your son
don't need the gun to get my slipper
that is what we're swimming around ship
wreckage cheers guys come on down
water keeps getting in my goggles it's
just I can't see crap it's not here it's
not a cute
you have a ring on your face I know I
can feel it yeah big boy yeah Salter
good you like the turtle that's it
that's time
oh you Hey you like it yeah yeah
probably the dopest vlog ever this vlog
is gonna be so sick you like that yeah
we have marks on her face
yeah we do is it there's another part of
those vlogs we're off okay the music
starts right now babe hold this for me
real quick
stand over there Hey
Oh
are you mad
babe how freaking cool is that freaking
stifling and so with that ETV let me be
honest I'm just like keeping up on the
ATVs well you were you born dude she's
what dude she's an adventurer she's a
freaking Savage when we went go-karting
she was bro I'll shine a pastor and she
was not she kept her ground man jet just
as a savage babe dabble dabble oh no do
it again do it again do it again
okay yeah ever in Queen Glengarry to
tangle a mark like not even that
expensive it's like it it's a good day
trip yeah it wasn't that bad I don't
know I didn't pay for it
her parents pay for it for my birthday
present so thank you mr. and mrs.
bow-wow thank you guys so much for the
trip love ditch full of you guys Jack
gotta pay for it so if you ever want to
know just hit them up freedom or
something oh we're gonna get him to
tweet you say yeah let's just take a
look yeah and Jack hey over here has
been vlogging all day too so make sure
to check his out because it is looking
latisha from Wayne oh no we have to do
the backup or I think piece from yes and
Gabriel
oh we did it I'm jacket
