I should shut the door please I will um
so babe where we going okay hey hey hey
how how dare you how dare you do that to
your fiance tell me what's good baby oh
well guys welcome back to the vlog
welcome to another day another day
another vlog we are off your shows right
now the mall we're off to the mall right
now the shops Australian say shops
Americans same mall same thing I gotta
get a dress for I go to get a dress for
out engage is on the weekend so I don't
have too long because today's Thursday
it's on Sunday another day another plug
for the day another dog Oh big dog
coming in so basically today we are
headed to the mall doing that
shenanigans probably gonna eat something
but Jess has convinced me to do
something that I wouldn't say I'm
looking forward to doing but it will
probably be interesting it would
probably be funny but I don't I don't
think I'm looking forward to it but it
will be funny
hashtag do it for the vlog Johanna tell
me what it is you want me
I am going to make him think yes I'm
gonna fake tan you you I don't know
you'll have to show me I don't know what
to do
there's like Amit and some what is it
it's like a mousse you said that's where
you used your mousse it's a big giant
moose that comes oh look at the sky oh
oh no I'm serious harmonizer make you
have anything else to add me no I just
you want I don't have anything to say
why not
just logged in my furious
bay-buh is that you have a good Russian
accent what did I say you're just
talking like guru
she said she she was like can you do
Russian accent you asked me to do
accents and I was like oh yeah I can do
the washing they rush that well how does
it the russian accent and she was like
his guru from Despicable Me Russian
because I can do this accent pretty good
at one thing football I want the amber
girl I want the dog the puppy dog
I want the
football you just I want the football I
want the traffic light not to be read
you know what I do to test our true love
I asked just to check if I have any
boogers I gotta go
just eye boogers and flare my nostrils
like this ago gathering burgers yes no
babe you sure yes are many right you
know when you go shopping with your lady
then you're just standing in the middle
of stores like this
dance
can you please put that back
Jessica it's a snapchat filter that is
so funny tell them about the dream that
you had last night having dreams that
the pretty butterflies came back and I
were caught very disappointed
so we're at the mall and look look who
it is great what's your name Mantha
Samantha she was like I love your blog
so more like you want to be in the game
and she's so pretty so after a
successful day of shopping the moment of
truth is finally coming just so you
preparing if I can for us yes and where
will it be going my body it oh gosh I
don't know if you just kind of want it
under here right yeah I don't know we'll
just do we'll just do like waist torso
well I guess we'll get the arms to up to
my wrists sound like a plan
don't high-five I'm not excited for this
this is so stupid
hi guys welcome back to Jess's tanning
salon so today we have our special model
client what's your name set letting me
see Gabriella Trafficante and I'm here
to try out the special rabbit that you
have for me today
I might worry babe why are we doing this
this is so stupid
so you tell me did you like your tummy
don't take my shirt off yeah you wanted
slime I like Bank training oh my gosh
what do we do already I'm just gonna
will it say my pants or anything no
because you don't I just do it yeah okay
Oh what is this Isaac if it's middle end
of proof Mooji yes I'm ready
what Oh No
under your culinary yeah just ah it
literally looks like you just rubbed
poop on my chest like it literally looks
like you took a turn and spread it all
right do you want you back this is the
smell that it smells like after you
faked him mm-hmm do you want it on your
arms this is so weird
oh yeah that is delicious
and then the right rather rub it in you
have to rub it in the middle there in
between my boobs I cannot believe that
this is actually happening right now
where's my arm so how long does it
normally take do your whole body it
takes me like 10 minutes
all right don't do my hands just yeah I
can do up to my wrists she's freaking
faking how does an honest I heard vlog
look I need to seem to you
do you want to be part of our gaming
session how do you leaving uncle
I think illness I'm joking out to sleep
in effort is sleepin oh my gosh you
literally gonna be so drunk on Saturday
I'm gonna I'm gonna exfoliate in the
morning apparently it makes it up she
doesn't think of it I was like you know
I don't want to be a wasn't a vlog yeah
I need to do like the whole experiment
of it
my back yep I'm closing the door goodbye
asshole I think you'll actually really
like it what part of this a my liking I
think the color will be really nice Jess
you realize I can easier than like any
human on the earth I'm in the Sun for an
hour and I'm RT like three shades darker
than this mom
I'll stop something fighting you're
feeling yes and I'm Tatum I know judge
me judge me your back looks luscious you
have to get like they don't tell me how
to fake tan right
the poem tells a lot of victims mm
that's it go No okay a little bit why is
this thing so should I sleep in it yeah
is it really uncomfortable to sleep in
it it's fine maybe just sleeping oh
honey okay is that it
I'm like no you can totally see the
color difference like the heck I look
fake and like there's a huge difference
that is unbelievable look looking here
you seem like there and like down here
yeah do I have to sleep in it um I would
put a blog wait big butt kitten will
like be able to and I get all off yeah
but what is exfoliating I like I'll show
you I'll teach you time I'm immediately
regretting this because this is like
it's so fun all right
we are about to reveal this to my
parents
oh gosh this is what they're looking
forward you just wait wait that right
here okay guys say hi to the vlog ready
sweet come on out how can do my life
it's like I'm looking into a mirror
that's ridiculous right
I look like fake yeah one of those what
are you gonna do
yeah he's gonna sleep in it she says
it'll come off with exfoliating it will
I pray at those babe or you are in
trouble we just added to our handshake
so we're going to show you now a
handshake if you guys remember it oh you
want to be the camera man sir camera
woman oh it's like pretty uncomfortable
and gross really it's like it's sticky
yeah I know you gotta wait till it dries
what in the morning would make it a
giant about 20 I have to sleep in this
crap babe like that's gonna be so
uncomfortable in the night no it'll be
fine it'll be really uncomfortable so
we're uh
logging off for now checking back in the
morning
it's on oh good night from Jessica we're
gonna log back in in the morning and
show you guys how this has developed so
we will see you guys in it two seconds 1
2 good morning everybody
okay so it's the morning it is 6:30 it's
six study and we're about to do a tan
reveal for y'all I'm so freakin scared
to take this single I slept in her
hoodie last night she gave me how do you
sleep go gosh I'm so tired
ready I'm gonna take a game oh my gosh
what the heck oh if you look at the side
it's not even a bad color that like it
looks good you're back shamea back you
see at the top yeah I see that
like that is crazy like it's literally
my collarbone it turns into a different
color below my collarbone yes did I tell
you last night
I think Anne put this thing on and I had
to sleep in it and it was the most
uncomfortable crap I've ever had to do
in my life and she does it's like every
week and you have to it's like sticky
and swampy and you put a hoodie on and
you're just like I have to sleep in this
crap that was it's not even
I don't know and now it's not that but
it still kind of feels good but like
last night I laid down and I was just
like I can't I can't move I have to like
stay frozen and just fall asleep
- like alleviate the pain that was
happening under that under that honey
that's the final but I need exfoliated
often yeah but you do that in the shower
we can't do that on camera oh my god
look look closely guys do you see this
that's so funny like thanks for letting
me experience mr. tragic faked an
experience we'll get back to you if this
works or not I'm getting this crap off
so after a shower I feel like I got it
um for the most part what I really tried
to do was like a blend in the edges yes
it's faded all right I mean I can still
notice it yeah I mean you can but it may
be like I'll try and exfoliate a little
bit mostly do you know so much Benna I
guess I feel can't baked hands with you
babe no no been enough can I offer you
uh yeah it's just like it's not sticky
like it was before which is amazing
because that was disgusting I felt like
I was living in a swamp that just got
some babies on my body let's just end it
now and um we'll continue with our day
will still be vlogging today because we
are going to movie world
so the next vlog will be down so be
looking forward to it oh we did it
alright guys hope you enjoyed this fake
tan experience and we're just gonna give
it a thumbs up picture it like it so
peace out
wait he's out front no no I start with
peace so peace out from Jess and Gabriel
you didn't
