what's up guys I'm packing to go to
Australia to see Jess finally after a
long freakin two weeks doesn't seem that
long but when you're in love ya vomit
its alone but look who's here
hola bright guy what's up if you saw the
Warner Brothers vlog you saw him in his
beautiful facial hair that I wish I
could have I'll give it to you do not
want no it's annoying it's annoying
shaving and I mean I appreciate you
every day what are you Shane wow that
was a very offensive okay good um I was
going to say something but I forgot oh
yeah this vlog after two weeks of not
vlogging we were still posting vlogs as
you saw off you're watching them because
we got ahead on the last trip so we had
stuff to post for you guys while Jess
and I were apart but we are getting back
together obviously because this vlog is
going to be titled like reunited or
something like that
um but yeah so that was the deal if you
didn't understand what was going on and
while we weren't together but still
posting vlogs so do you guys remember on
that one vlog where I showed you guys
the ninja fold Gabe does this fold
called the ninja fold yeah well I mean
when you're running late and you want
her last minute not too smart but when
you can do this fall but kind of makes
up for it and I folded a t-shirt and a
ninja ish way Bryan hasn't seen that
before and was like dude show me and I
was like well guess you got to pull out
the vlog camera again so I'm gonna give
this to you yes I'm gonna mess up a few
mushers blew my mind are you ready for
this listo what in the world game over
dude you ready I'll go - no it's a
perfect fold sorry
listo oh my goodness Gabe like what a
touch you know beautiful a lot of people
have super crazy cool talents I can
enjoy fold my t-shirt so that goes a
long way it does it does when you're
traveling yeah that was my pond goes a
long way ha ha ha just kidding
like that I like it I was a theater kid
you know so you know I'm off to see Jess
it's gonna be a good time I have to
prepare got to get ready to see my
fiancee after two weeks you know it's a
big deal
thought I'd get a fresh new haircut
fresh new wardrobe brand-new backpack
but the cool thing about this backpack
is right thing unbuckles game over dude
it's freaking where does a fanny pack
double track man double strap I can do a
strap right 100 it's around my left okay
that shows anyone tries to steal it they
go like this trying to take this run
away back take it rolling no no I forgot
to mention that in this lovely Bachrach
fanny pack I ended up getting Jess when
I was out and about clothes shopping for
myself
she likes uh she calls him sloppy joes
their sweaters like lazy sweaters right
Josie it's something you eat isn't it
yeah but in Australia they called these
kind of things sloppy joes I got her one
and it says could she's my favorite also
Gianna you have to put a Hugh in it
that's what I was gonna say I'm also
trying to like give her you know swap in
the face theoretically um I've been like
you're American no Early's gonna be very
soon so spell favorite correct please
but legit there's a gift for her I just
saw it and was like she'd probably like
that so I got it for her also she's my
favorite so Oh bark I'll be back okay
the bathrooms right around the whole
game taken off to leave and um I want to
bring my guitar with me so I can play
music and stuff with Jess cuz she's here
and doesn't have a piano and I bethought
and then I'm there and don't have a
guitar but she has a piano so I'm
wanting to bring my guitar but I can't
bring on as a carry-on because I checked
with the airline and they said it's
gonna be too big so I have to check it
in and I'm really hoping they don't do
this to my guitar if I throw it and
break it so yeah I'm gonna I'm really
praying that this stay safe I'm kind of
nervous about it this whole flight just
got so much more nerve-racking now
right let's go my house I'm gonna miss
your house by house so something very
very horrible just happened and I'm kind
of freaking out right now on my passport
is nowhere to be found so that she
probably left it back in my apartment
which I knew were freaking happen so
good thing I got here early
it's 8:30 I have to be back latest 10:50
I think she's ever so thank you so um
yeah have about I have two hours to make
it back and be secured so it shouldn't
be too bad but it just kind of sucks and
I'm kind of freaking out so yeah
let's see how this goes just to get my
freaking passport with all this
crap hey we're doing this guy we're
freakin doing this I know I said goodbye
to my apartment already but I like I
literally feel like the stupidest person
in you how do you of all things I was
like oh maybe I'll forget like a pair of
underwear or something
no my freakin passport got it and some
Aussie cash down there to go with it oh
let's frickin go back to the airport
goodbye peace official good body and
we're going back to the taxi Frick this
let me tell you exit let's freaking go
one-on-one first warn us one made it
back in time after a $180 taxi ride to
my apartment and back to get my passport
you know I get to see Jess so got to be
great for her at all I'm doing it
reckon doing it my goodness
freaking gracious talk about a rough
security line of the line there probably
one of the shortest security lines I've
ever been in but that was along the
security line I've ever been it it took
over an hour for me to get through good
thing the taxi driver was freaking
savage and got me carsick and drove here
really fast oh you know little mascots
dancing around the airport got a lot of
kind of freaking finally see my fiance
after two weeks it's two weeks on papers
I could just to week but when you
actually have to experience it apart
from each other
it's like frickin the longest time in
the world Jess I hate of the vlog oh hey
blog I wasn't this whole thing when I
just turned it on so you could say hi
yes I am I'm going on board the plane
right now I was hoping the ticket didn't
scan so I'll get a ticket because last
time that happened and I was operated
for your first class so but that wasn't
the case this time
got me a normal ticket that I said
see it in 14 hours
good morning everyone um it is okay
is 6:38 and I've been up for about an
hour now
um I'm sorry smiley okay so obvious play
but I am going to leave soon to go pick
up my little American and I'm so excited
it's only been like it's been like 12
days I think since I've seen him but it
has been 12 days too long I am so tired
I woke up at about 5:30 but I had such a
bad sleep because I don't know if you
guys know you probably do I have a new
puppy called Molly and she's literally a
baby right now and so she'll wake up and
cry in the night and she was crying in
the night so I'm so tired but I am so
happy and so excited so it's fine I'll
probably have a coffee when Gabe's hit
because Oh have I even said his name
game okay I don't know what else to say
um I'm a little out of it still I'm
gonna leave in about five minutes to go
and get him and I'm so excited and I get
to cuddle him okay I just had to come
back to say please ignore the color of
my knuckles right now they look so much
worse on camera than they do in person
but I did fake tan a couple days ago and
I guess my knuckles over doped up
overdeveloped a little bit and they look
so dark on camera and it's so
off-putting and I just noticed at
watching the last clip and I was like
that is so not cute there's not a
problem in my knuckles it's just faked
in oh sorry I got him his favor
Australian chocolate which is top-deck
which is so so good and then I wrote him
a little sign saying welcome home my
sleeve we just checked the chocolate and
he lands in like six minutes or
something which is kind of perfect
timing because it'll take me half an
hour to get there and probably that ish
same amount of time to go through
customers and stuff I'm not sure I'm
just guessing but I'm so excited
hey Australia it literally took me so
long to find a pop so I finally found
one I'm so scared I like saw people
walking out and they had accent and I
was like please tell me he hasn't
connected fingers crossed he hasn't I'm
just gonna that was really loud anyway
I'm gonna go find him I'm so excited I'm
here supposed to connect to Wi-Fi but
it's not working to contact Jess so kind
of my my bag
hopefully my guitar is not destroyed but
we'll see how much stuff let's go see
Jess
Oh
how are you say hey you don't get no
bring it wasn't working it didn't show
up okay all right I'm shutting this
now we're back we're back vlogging in
real time again instead of posting mums
from like three weeks ago I haven't been
vlogging all morning
or is the footage just look me and Brian
fly left no I love you blogged a little
bit or just like a lot
I've loved couple time Joey no open your
dough I'm gonna do what he does I'm such
a gentleman I go like this but I'm drunk
an open your door what does it matter if
you driver I Drive ice I'll open the
door thank you what I was gonna say Oh
he's back what I was gonna say was that
it's so weird what's me being a pot and
then like seeing this I've like pimples
right they're literally like snakebite
please
Darin okay I'm American I happened I was
just part of my blood I was just gonna
tell them how it's sort of weird when we
leave each other and then we see each
other again for the first time it's like
do you agree it's like yeah it's like a
weird thing it's like you're here in
person then it's you you sure you have
to use the card you have to know we just
pulled up I'm not giving you your purse
you have to use my card why because just
cuz we're in Australia doesn't mean you
have to pay for crap oh free passage oh
oh look at you babe wait why did they do
that because they knew they were like oh
that's just our sweater through should I
yell cos Hannah
pick me me got our coffees Kamini oh my
gosh I have something for you babe I
forgot about it it's in my bag
you know how I said I went and got new
clothes yeah I got you a jumper I sweat
a sloppy joe whatever you call it really
it's all my favorite goods here my
favorite and it's American spelling I
love it I love you cuz you're my mom yes
thank you sweet but do you like it mmm
you're gonna be American so that's why
favorite works like that I love it yeah
I love it so much I love you I love you
so much
yeah that guys she loves me first
burping Australia high-five was it yeah
was you back in Starbucks Oh true oh is
that who I think it is baby Molly she
wants me babe she wants me here you're
gonna have to grab the camera oh hey mom
she's huge hmm oh she's biting yeah I
know I know you love me don't you oh
yeah yeah yeah
welcome home he said welcome home my
sweet yeah yeah cuz what I'm at your
home yeah not for long not gonna be your
home for long right moment sir I was
just telling him Gabe and now she's
upset at me right now this calendar
staying here for a hold like five
minutes and she's already dressed
announcing and pretty much I only like
putting stuff on here better set that
set because I don't want to like dirty
it I don't want to whiteout crap and
stuff and so I put here which is Monday
that Gabe was leaving and that Tuesday
that he was arriving what day is it
today
and I arrived so he changed his flag I
changed my voice which I'm so happy
about but the thing I'm not happy about
is that now my calendar is wrong and I
can't wise it out because I don't
believe in that so we're back together
this is the start of something new and
it feels so right to be here with you oh
and now looking in your eyes I feel in
my heart that it's the start of
something I hope you guys enjoyed this
little vlog of us getting together
remember to Like and subscribe to our
Channel yeah we vlogging yeah we'll be
vlogging in real time now so you'll be
getting stuff that's like actually
happen in our lives from Jess I'm not
just a piece ah from yes and Gabriel
look we did it we did it we did it
Dana Nana Nana Nana Nana clock
