we're recreating minions right now are
you joking me right now
what is this these guys are professional
what are you doing an emergence of Jacko
where'd you come from
welcome back to LA bro even though
you've been here there's his third day
here but we've been slacking on vlogging
while he's been here no we have it
subscribe and be safe
that's why we have been bugging why are
you wearing my same outfit right now it
sure wasn't planned we were like alright
and then you change this out but do you
know what we were like after we write
that right there is a culmination of
what's been happening all the last three
days it has not been it's been too much
for just because she's been she's like
Jeff you might be able to hear it a
little bit but she's just gotten over
being sick yeah she's just sick of me
already I don't even know today's gonna
be a fun day we have our third wheel
back he's actually in a relationship
which is so funny that he's still a
third wheel it comes here by himself
and we're like okay we have a dog
trainer yeah beautiful so what do you
are planning on doing with with my life
tonight did I treat you to do backflips
I can teach you do you really need to
point like a people we really wouldn't
have to put his toys away no not in the
bucket we want him to put his toys
lady Milo hi are you sure that these
toys the great success
nice later you good
like and subscribe alright guys we are
going to okay we are going to head to
Target right now to get a few things for
the rest of the vlog however in the last
vlog a few not not a few a lot of you
guys were quite offended that I didn't
say the catchphrase that sounds a little
something like this
so now I have to say it to everything
I'll have to make up for last time so
you know something like what's know it's
family portrait time just to show a
beads growing hmmm stone I'm like 29th
2016 Gabriel right now I love fish I
have lost your wife he didn't like me
before
are you kidding me babe my guys this
Polaroid one of us is gonna post it on
our Instagram so go follow us on
Instagram I Instagram is that gabriel
conte there's is down below which one
did you say these cuter the one on the
right yeah
wait why why don't you like this one I
go look at my name you know what a
little Deen sauce you know what it looks
like come here remember this mat that we
got for you right here we got him this
bath mat what is this call the bathroom
at the bath floor mat whatever we got
for him it's a self-portrait behind it I
can see it that actually looks identical
to you bro this is the guest bathroom so
we knew Jaco was coming we had to get
him the perfect man that looked dressed
like I'm also we got a world map for him
in his guest bedroom which is slightly a
mess right now but it's okay no thanks
jack oh my Roosevelt claim I know I just
showed the whole mass world map just so
you can know where you came from
oh he's stopped over in Africa went all
the way to Brazil you know how busy
soccer all the way up to mm dude you
know what's funny that started at the
bottom and now you're here I'm here in
Miami do you know how I'm saying all
right I'm a meme I don't know what
you're saying yeah
what did you just say New York Amelie
rock palette amount stop selling every
nook oh my gos like like the Legos that
I built
yeah have that Lego to target choco that
is very bad hey hey don't raise your
voice at me young man don't make that
face do not make that face don't do it
put your seat put your seat belt back on
fine
good what you think y'all mature just
gives everything you have a girlfriend
now we have a girlfriend yes she's gonna
watch watches she's gonna watch this
vlog and be like she's gonna watch these
guys are going out matching yeah it's
called my best friendship it's called
borrow management's montage
what are you guys doing what hey babe
where are we hey Jack oh do not enter oh
yeah
then we've literally spent a whole point
two seconds inside of Target and we
already have stuff - interior house look
if I ever want to hide it just go so we
ran into a little problem I can't find
jack oh I don't know where he is we're
not sure where to find him he ran
somewhere into this section near the
lamps I just don't what do you have to
say about our son I used to take you on
that one this stop touching stuff honey
Nicola breaks off men you reek go you
want just yes
it was actually a horrible cartwheel
yeah I'm not very good at them okay so
we're looking for some things like a fry
pan or a couple fry pans and some
pancake makes and stuff because they're
gonna have a pancake pancake off like ah
what are you doing it's a pancake hot
competition and I'm gonna judge so we
need to get one yeah well basically
jackal jackal where'd you go literally
disappeared he's gone how were you there
the whole time
yeah okay so we thought since you are
now in a relationship and you need to be
a good boyfriend we need to teach how to
cook properly and I know a lot about
cooking that would be ideal about it yes
I think I'll teach you anyway okay Jack
are you want to join me on this Gigi oh
yeah chivalry's not dead right Jacko
since you have a oh that's not what I
meant by join me guys just as in the
mood to sing today she's still a little
sick so Jacko is going to take the honor
of singing sake hey about your day Bri
is doing the choo-choo he thinks he
looks pretty cool we destroy be sure but
it looks like a seal easy Barack yeah
zebra yeah you have to sing a different
song thank you what are you saying I'm a
half of or nap are you good right yeah
being friends of the plains because I
have no choice it's right my grill it's
a Christmas tree next to me fake plants
I got fake coffees gone guys everyone
outside is looking like we couldn't
start we had to just keep driving that
was the most embarrassing thing ever
when I went to juju I loved it on the
roof and I just remembered now when it
flung off the roof of the car one of
that coffee Silva and you just go to the
gym a little I took two sips of it and I
wouldn't inconvenience
Comfort me right now guys I'm in turmoil
guys the coffee spill it's kind of like
dried up now but it just it got like all
over the corn I see my coffee from the
people there might be some left hold on
oh my gosh there it is guys did
something everything
you gotta have the last set there's a
little bit left in there my blood sweat
and tears all built all over the outside
Jenko come here look it's here it's here
bro that's my dad that's a pure replica
of dad okay so the reason we're here is
we need squeezy bottles to squeeze
squeeze the pancake art out of onto the
pan and it didn't have anything like
that at Target so we're here at this
craft store frying pan we're trying to
find those bottle Jess found them there
are literally this section you were
walking up to and I was like I bet
they're in this sector I didn't say
anything because I wanted to find them
the story turn the other way so we
should check out right
there's a check node on them check out
my smoking-hot wife no not your buddy
doesn't pay in these pants Rocco is
cleaning the coffee off of the car
good job Joe jess has a giant loogie in
her mouth she just coughed in his right
eye and now she just has this massive
who Don Foreman he was literally
vomiting it's going and he was just in
the boxing room all right guys we are
back home baby think he needs to pee
yeah I got the I got the leash for me I
think yeah it's time for you to go out
and just put this there you go come on
come on buddy
time to go wee-wee outside let's go so
what's happening is we've got the milk
batter being prepared by yours truly
cake pancake batter you netic oh yeah
we have it so a little tray here where I
will because it's not on that was a joke
yeah so I'll be cooking on
sigh Xhaka will be cooking on this side
Jess will be vlogging as and judging and
also you guys have to judge in the
comments too and let us know if you
think one the guy with the strap your
shirt or the guy with the strawberry
get out of the stripy shirt or the
better looking out of the strike your
shirt I'm confused now to know which one
of us is better look boy choose your
weapon look at someone's you okay well
it's the same thing I want you guys to
see like you can do the better one ah
there's a great blog you should
definitely you put it on the look jess
is putting it on where you need to put
it on right there to cooking oil I'm
glad you guys took my advice here no I
was I that's not I wasn't more people
are professionals at this we're
recreating minions right now
we'll put this photo on the screen but
it's not one thing so if we stop exactly
maybe prayer it's okay can team I'm
gonna make you proud I'm kidding okay
you guys are kind of minions cuz you're
matching oh are you joking me right now
what is this I'm concentrating so hard
on my hand to be wobbly dude what did
you draw
Oh Tarek and you need it levy at Lanka
I'm learning from your mistakes right
now I'm just gonna fluted hey baby you
guys finish up okay then hours later it
seems way harder than it looks in my
head I was like oh this would be easy
and then as soon as you're like here any
before you like you're like what am I
gonna do with my life right now these
guys are professional oh dude like I
have the overalls and everything I
didn't come on long enough we're just
one net right round two Jess just texted
me the photo
it is this there it is a bunch bomb here
we car all right
are you kidding me I believe in you guys
oh crap - eggs ripping out and off with
my teeth oh yeah my way Jack oh jackers
don't again baby come on they should
have been a time limit that's not that
bad but I just don't know what's
happened with these ma'am they're six
and a half hours later oh I'm not gonna
lie I'm very impressed that looks a lot
more like spongebob then yeah does
Monaco's looks like guys is worth the
struggles of taking a thumbnail is what
she's having us do are you choking me I
don't know me look at this is what world
I'll be able three different different
one can you see it I'll just put a
picture here so you can see it clear
just try doing your dinosaur are you
joking me
this time I'm just doing a head that is
all I have room you know good luck
oh he's really happy - man that one
there that's actually really good
jacquard all right I'm done and I'm just
waiting for the final sizzle sizzle to
settle I didn't know he had ten minutes
it's been like six you know it's
actually been a side with him I am your
husband and the battery's dead today
oh that's good dang that's pretty good
I'll be good dude you just ripped it to
arm off Jacko I think we just glued his
arm back on so they'll be like oh I
honestly think jacker wins yeah I think
so oh I didn't get a full body yeah
Zachary's are really happy with Luke so
he's turned up I don't
common one which was the first one the
minions she won that I'm at number two
hundred eighty three two one that you
ready now this is the filling right here
the film technique you just wow and when
you it's a backward good job guys good
job I hope you guys enjoy the pancake
making thing right Milo you enjoyed it
like this video if you enjoyed how much
I beat Jacko at that pancake challenge
remember to subscribe to be a part of
the best team on the internet the Khan
team and check out jackers channel 2
also as well because he vlog hit the
d-block today yeah I blog today a little
bit all the good jokes from my channel
peace out Gabriel and jacket Conte the
love is here and here to stay so lay
your
on me
