Jess say goodbye to Claudia Maddy's
house I'm struggling with good luck bye
how's Claudia and Matty aren't here
they're meeting us at my parents so we
can say goodbye as a family together
oh you got it come on you got this
American loss can't hold you down no you
got it both the last time having coffee
in Florida yeah but not at this place we
would just add um a coffee shop I want
to go to a mall it has this really cute
plan a shop that one of Gabby's friends
told me about that is right and I didn't
know about that until two seconds ago
and Jess was like oh let's not see your
family right I did not let's go get a
planner at the mall I know I kind of
forgot that I wanted to get it and I was
like oh that's right I wanted to go to
the mall and get this oh I'm so out of
it today I don't know what it is you
know when you're just tired coffee like
it's woken me up like I'm awake but in a
daze this is how I always vlog see how
still I'm keeping it I was making fun of
Jess earlier when she cut the camera off
cuz she vlogs she like holds a handle
really loose there's kind of wobbles
around she doesn't just like hold it on
both of us at one time while we're in
the car she does like this and like cuts
whoever the person there is often and
like goes like that and cuts herself off
from just like hold it here and you get
both people stop that okay I'm sorry
stop pointing out my pores oh I don't
like it you love it I like rocking my
we're on an adventure to avoid a planet
over in Lantana under so that's super
convenient ah the store was right in
front of where we parked and they
officially moved to a different spot
inside the mall amazing it and now we
have to walk all the way real
Valente did you get a planner yeah but
my family is waiting we may not even be
a Boise back to my sister
it's all sad I'm having so much fun
right now but you want what just
happened the lizard all the way over
there scared yes and made her choke oh
there's two
it's a family just it's a family they
love each other look out still I'm
holding a skin room I don't know what
you're doing about oh look what Jess got
I got such a cute planner how do you
plant orange this is what Florida is
like Florida is so bipolar look at that
it's like rain clouds thunderstorm on
one side like sunny on the other side
and blue skies so how do you how do you
like your planner babe oh I love
so much I just went through the entire
thing for a long would you say we're
driving for like 15 minutes maybe yeah
since we got in the car till we just
sort of vlogging now she's been raving
about I think she's been flipping every
page be like oh look at this and look at
that in there stickers and I'm gonna
write this here and I'm gonna write this
there and it's a cutest thing ever I
love you say anything can be like just
totally camera down each other I'm
holding her she's supporting her arm
working is difficult sometimes it really
needs a bit of Anshu seriously we made
it to the fambam audio and MIDI are here
only put other person ears Nico so he's
gone so if it's gone gone somewhere
that's at work oh oh look who it is
look who decided to show up to number 52
I like it right here amigo give me some
give me some skin show me how you uh
hike the ball or do whatever you do I'm
not a sir you know at the centre what
are you your d-line and show me how you
rush the line bro Oh
ready Oh big dog dude Jess you yes we
we're trying to convince Claudio to
start a vlog Channel oh yeah no way Jose
and we're dancing
nikka dude I'm gonna put on some because
to have a black head like that on your
back I know facial hair
mom you want to tell the story about how
we would get in trouble if we didn't let
you and Dad pop our pimples and
blackheads when we were kids is it not
true it's true so true so true well
there's no there's really not a story
behind you we used to just make them lay
down and we used to pop there's it
because they weren't allowed to walk
around with pas sinuses yeah we had some
bad acne in our family down and we would
have facial events the war honey it was
the worst thing ever
like they were literally less on that
thing right there my dad would stand
over us and just like you and just
smoosh our faces and it was gross we
used to pride them there you so
threatened us no yeah you wouldn't bribe
us you at the vagus nerves sit down or
go to spank you no bribes one way are
here so we are heading to the airport
does that make us a little late but we
thought chefs would take the the whip
for a spin is it for don't be scared
babe you're gonna do great
don't need to drive and now pull out and
look out for the curb there oh my gosh
this is a typical uh
oh saying bye to my family was pretty
sad not really it was a lot less sad
than other time saying about my family I
don't like goodbyes in general so that
was yeah I try to like just do it like
quick and painless so we wouldn't be all
be crying okay here we go
they're indicator on the left side
opposite of Australia go Oh get off that
curb Oh look at me good look at you go
babe freakin Savage Dave you seem like
you are comfortable driving this car
- Travis to the airport no this is okay
because we just seemed like really quiet
Street yeah when we're in the
neighborhood we're in the name we're
crisper frickin neighborhood guys
freakin neighbor neighborhood oh well I
get we were saying with your arm turning
right in the car why's it I'm gonna do
the same a hole that you were doing
earlier with their hand like oh look
another Challenger up there ray some
racing okay getting this getting this
left lane here and you're gonna be
making a left way to check your blind
spot I like it here we go knowing
there's a four-way stop so no one else
is at the stop sign you can go you have
the right-of-way see that was really
scary why babe
I don't you don't okay ah now after this
guy
no go good job let it kill that four-way
stop they don't have 4-way stop signs in
Australia a little bit you are can we
just say that you were doing like so
much better than last time when you
drove in LA killing the game sometimes
you'll see like animals go by here
looking for this oral that's good don't
do that well I'm driving
don't put that the end what oh my gosh
oh did I get you again yes I did didn't
I okay say
waitwait
well going to Maine right for two
seconds you wouldn't have to stop her to
stop later I didn't like this why not I
just can't see
this is a very this cars visibility
sucks that's probably why Zack sprinted
to accidents with this kinda challenger
really yeah I don't think either of them
are his fault but that maybe a little
bit but maybe a little
they're turning you're good to go I
usually yeah yeah you're good also in
Australia you can't turn well here here
in America it's a turn-on
right on a red but there it's turn left
on a red you're not allowed to turn left
on a run really scared on it's a lot of
car look at this jess is driving on a
main freakin Road baby you're killing
the game that I'd like to talk to no
camera can you just tell me when you
could all right sweet we're louder I
have to talk to I'm just look I'm
getting a little scared come on you got
this okay you're going to indicate right
right now and turn it again you're gonna
turn this little light right here oh
please right here waiter get in the
middle just wait for the cars to pass
this one is that this is the test oh my
god this turn is the challenge after
this car
floor it no kidding good ball oh babe
know what this frickin we're training we
want a power close to the door
okay never mind forget anything I say
good job you did it Chloe
overwhelming is it are you really
nervous she's squeezing my hand so tight
right now I did it guys god bless Amer
god Bless America just do that and then
that's it
yep I'm sorry for parking here but under
pressure I had to do the easiest yeah I
know I know it's okay it's okay let's go
get coffee and head back to LA whoo it
has been a busy week in Florida it
really has I need coffee
let's get coffee oh my gosh Jess
you dropped it in here yes there's no oh
my god Jessica hold this can you just
explain what he just did I just talked
to my car
gosh
we walk out of her and
I mean like to
she has a crack in it somewhere I don't
know
finally right it's like going across the
screen right there everybody
I can wear it fine and then later that
night
there's a crack in it but we made it to
the airport we drop the car and we are
on a bus to the terminal we need to get
to Oakland and make a child's but
child's play we made it with time
we made it I'm surprised we took me in
the ladies night you're meant to be here
now yeah and she was like the pot
boarding starts in five minutes and we
were like Oh Sam but so that's all we
didn't vlog anything we were kind of
rushing but child's play playing so what
are we doing food obviously we made it
on the plane
people are getting situated instead
we're gonna lie and say goodbye but yeah
we're gonna think about now if you
enjoyed our a Florida blog peace out
from jet and Gabriel
