today so hot is the hottest date my my
little thermometer thing says 103
degrees Fahrenheit it we need to go to
the pool today yeah I don't even know
because that might we might still die
from heat look at this cute Street ah
can you see it can you see it and the
polka dots
so cute me we just had boba we had Bobo
well first we went to church today it is
Sunday when you see this video who knows
what they don't be yeah it was Sunday
went to church had boba with our friend
bride guy guy guy you saw him in the
Warner Brothers wallet
good old Bry guy and now we're going to
target which he might be that too
yeah he was like we might run into each
other maybe I should address the fact
that I always have my hand in my face I
think sir I have a really bad habit of
either when I laugh I cover my mouth or
I'll just casually just like I don't
know have my hand in my face
and everyone is giving your crap because
there like a lot of people unlike you
flaunt your frame too much I'm like this
is just normal if I look at the vlogs
before we were engaged she's doing the
same stuff I always have my hand on him
just said hey you know Jess like I know
Jess you would know she's not that kind
of person
I love smashing your face no sweets are
funny like okay let's when we get back
home after target let's tell our first
miss story thanks so funny it's so funny
we'll do that
camera hey we just appreciate the fact
that just wants to buy stuff because
it's pink that acne wash because it's
pink it's so cute guys I love that they
have a pink cream she thanked area
orange nice but then this pink isn't
that appeal to you I love pink oh look
I've got a new MacBook Pro come in there
you need something you need this and
this right here that right there oh man
we've had a long week okay it hasn't
been like I'm really like boringly no no
it's been like long in the sense that
we've been trying to get a lot in to one
week I have a lot going on this week as
a show of mine gets uh what would you
say released yeah we tried to cram a lot
in last week and it's made us both
really excellent
so tired and I'm just like Oh
but even with all that we thought yo
let's tell a story about this of our
first kid ours is pretty interesting
note that's pretty funny
hmm oh gosh am I so tired yeah I just
want to lay here and sleep for ten hours
okay so uh yeah you tell a story whether
a leg truth be told I'm so I know what's
at telling stories I feel yeah I feel
like especially this story telling it
from my perspective is pretty
interesting but okay I can kind of say a
bit of my perspective so do you want me
to tell the story first though and then
you tell your perspective well I think
that's a good idea let's see that okay
so we liked each other we buddy I I
didn't when did that happen let me talk
I didn't think he was gonna kiss me
because he told me wait can I save it
sure I mean I wasn't gonna kiss anyone
that I was that I wasn't in a
relationship with yeah and he told me
that you just have talking to me about
adding our different things and you're
like you know I I just don't go around
and like kiss be a girl's just today and
I don't kiss girls if I'm not like in a
relationship and yeah that's just messed
up you know being respectful and stuff
and I was like okay like we hadn't like
a fish in a fit enough initial swing she
haven't we didn't like officially say
like I came in dating now so we were
kind of like a thing we were that sounds
so bad we were a thing who is seeing
each other yeah I mean I guess you could
say we were dating at that point because
we had gone on dates I'd already asked
you out on a date yeah we made it a bit
but we've never been like so what are we
kind of thing
so I didn't think you were going to kiss
me although I wanted you to yeah you did
I mean with that it sounded weird saying
oh we kissed pretty early on in the
relationship which we did but even at
that point like
I think we knew we were gonna like the
first day we met she told her mom that
she was gonna marry me and then like a
few days after that like I think I was
like the second or third time I hung out
with her I was like she's probably the
one I'm going to spend the rest of my
life with
so with that being said we were kind of
I don't know I don't know what to say I
just don't like yeah that worked out for
us don't go around kissing people that
you started dating two or three weeks
ago
no no say something sorry a battery
guides we charged it but yeah I told my
leg up like that okay so we were going
to Disneyland and I was staying with
some cousins that I have here in LA and
it's gay anyway I was telling my cousin
who's actually my mom's cousin that I
was going to Disneyland and she was like
oh my goodness he's gonna kiss you at
Disneyland I've never told you this I
know yeah so she was like oh my goodness
if you guys made the fireworks he's
gonna kiss you at the fireworks I was
like I don't know I'm like I don't think
he's gonna kiss me she told me that um
he was gonna kiss me at Disneyland
she was like at the fireworks all's I
put you know people there like fans of
him might see and he might not like he
no I don't even think he wants to kiss
me anyway we went to Disneyland we left
before the fireworks I was like oh but
at this point we were yeah we have been
seeing each other for a bit but at
Disneyland when we're having lunch
you're like I still haven't kissed you
yet and I was like why is he like
talking about it yeah I didn't even
really did I mention yeah indeed Evelyn
whoops I'm assuming on your mind yeah we
were just hanging out and it got to like
it was around 1:00 a.m. no way yeah
you're hanging out that way yeah oh yeah
cuz we got back from Disney pretty late
yeah and then it was quite a drive to
her cousin's house where she was staying
we kind of just try and spend a lot of
time to get as much time as we could so
it was always like oh we have to drive
that far
all the way over there let's like hang
out as much as we can before we have to
yeah anyway so it got pretty late we
were just talking about stuff but no
okay I'll take the story from here is
what happened yes I'll tell you what's
good sheet right about now all right so
we're trying on this couch actually
we're hanging out it was set up a little
differently obviously we're in my
clothes
what's with this pause why oh yeah we'll
take this blanket for the sake of the
story hanging out on this couch my old
apartments a different setup I wish we
were there so we could like show exactly
anyway the way I don't know if you I've
seen videos old videos of mine you've
seen my old apartment the way of setup
that there was like the living room
couch area and then there's a kitchen
but then there was like the island as
you call it like the island counter and
you could like go around it and it was
like into the hallway that goes into the
kitchen around back into the living room
so it was like a big round thing I don't
know if it's okay anyway so we're
chillin on the couch and I was like I
was getting pretty tired at that point I
was wrapped up in this thing and I'll
just kind of laying down on the couch we
were just talking I was just laying on
one part of the couch when she was
sitting I think over here and then she
decided that she wanted to be all cute
and fun valetti
and flirting we'll go over that word and
she grabbed this from me wrapped around
herself and started wrapped it around
and ran away ran away from me and I was
like her freaking kidding me right now
so then I was like all right I guess I
have to chase her now so I got up and I
started like like play chasing this
sounds so Blaine I'm sorry yeah but it
was it was cute at the time
all right it was cute in the moment I
was chasing her around the apartment
just around that Island thing I'm
chasing her out and then I finally like
grabbed hair grabs her by this thing and
I pulled it and we just sorted hugging
with this blanket rum wrapped around
both of us just romantic okay we were
hugging and then for a while and then we
started like swaying back and forth and
she goes oh it's like we're slow dancing
yeah dancing then that at this point is
where the story gets great which it
could be it could totally be a
commercial for this thing I don't know
if you know the like Amazon Alexa thing
if you like social media people I
promote it or whatever I have it right
over there it's not plugged in though so
I can't show you how
I think it s because it to speak it's
like a smart speaker voice-activated
yeah so you go like hey Alexa it turns
on oh you can go hey Alexa what time is
it real tight of time so we're chilling
in my kitchen we're swinging back and
forth and she's like oh it's like we're
slow dancing and I look at her and then
I'm like hey Alexa play slow dance music
puts on some balm instrumental it uh it
was so sweet it was so good guys like
normally I'm not one to toot my own horn
to be like oh dang I was so smooth or
anything like that because Alexa could
have the thing could have played
anything but it just worked out
perfectly it was like perfect it was
perfect also we tried it again we've
tried to be like hey Alexa play slow
dance music and it'll play like the most
random crap ever there was only that one
time that it was my perfect song it was
like a five minutes instrumental song of
like slow piano and had like a torrent
in some like I think violence
it was pretty romantic to say there live
so we started cracking up and thought it
was hilarious we were like dang this is
pretty funny
Wow then we just started we kept hugging
swimming back on Florence still why
don't you tell us where I feel your
times her I'm just gonna okay I'm Tula
this is not you crawl back into the ball
Cyrus yeah kind of well it's just weird
for me to say it was kind of like slow
dancing tell me if I get any of this
wrong okay we was like kind of swing
backwards and forth
oh that's so wrong babe or you can tell
me who's still swaying like backwards
and thoughts and um I don't know and
then we kind of just ended up like being
still and hugging for a bit I think you
kissed my forehead I did yeah forgot the
details did you kiss my forehead and my
heart was beating pretty fast it's like
oh my gosh is this like about to be a
thing stops me you've never explained it
like this to me before so it's pretty
funny hearing
I don't know then you just like say what
you said oh okay
then at this point just as a very
innocent girl she's a very lovely sweet
innocent beautiful girl I didn't want to
be disrespectful to her and just like
kiss her like just out of the blue cuz I
have no idea where she stood on like
kissing and stuff like that I okay I
need to set up for this is good that's
good so at this point we're like hugging
like this right and then I like kind of
pull back like close to her ear and
whisper that sounds kind of creepy but I
was we were just hugging and I just kind
of said so it would now be a good time
to kiss you
pretty smooth line as opposed to like
and even word it right so romantic as
opposed to just good can I kiss you
anyway
I remember this clear as day she pulled
like when I said that she pulled away
from here she pulled away and looked at
me and had this face of like you had it
I'm gonna try and recreate the face you
had this face OOP I can't recreate it it
was like it was a face of like shock joy
happiness and love trauma
what like surprise I guess you could say
not trauma trauma that wasn't bad just
like so many emotions I get to wear in
your face and you pulled away and you're
like looking at me like half smiling
half like are you for real like is this
a joke really yeah I remember it clear
as day like I remember your facial
expression that's probably the one thing
I remember the bobbies I remember the
kiss but like I remember your facial
expression like a lot and then I guess
she pulled away oh no no but it wasn't
even like I remember that facial
expression but it was literally for a
split second because I didn't even I
didn't even kiss her I was just like so
can I kiss you and it was like boom bah
kind of it wasn't it was still 50/50 I
was just like oh for sure like still
just really excited to kiss you and then
so I just did it she went for it to say
the least
I mean even the face no I know I'm just
saying that after I asked I did it right
okay the way we can explain it is I
didn't um leave time for it to settle in
yeah yeah say yes I didn't did I just
kissed him her saying yes was kissing me
and then but it was yeah it wasn't like
oh she kissed me first cuz like I did I
was like so another good time to kiss
you and then she like why for basically
I'm a confess me Oh baloney
well technically you did initiate it
about taking the blanket in and movie
ends
she DMD first if you ever heard that
story but that's basically this story
that's basically Alexa thing was just it
was so perfect it was so funny how it
happened yeah that's what makes a story
because it seems like it is pretty lame
it was like oh it was in your kitchen
like when I think back to it it was
great because of the because of the slow
dance thing and like acting like hey
Alexa play slow dance music yeah we was
kind of giggling eyebrows made up of us
wasn't it smooth yeah what is okay I
thought it was yeah you did be like and
subscribe thank you guys so much for
watching thank you for so much support
on our channel watch it I'm pretty
ridiculous so much support so many of
you guys are just subscribing and
watching our videos yeah it's crazy to
see it's crazy
how many of you guys enjoy watching our
lives I guess you could say that's
really cool thank you so much we haven't
hit 300,000 yet but by the time this
videos posted we're like really close so
by the time this videos posted it will
be we're getting ahead on filming
because she leaves and the time between
me going to Australia again I still want
to upload yeah we still want to upload
for you guys so early yeah so we're
getting ahead so a lot of the updates
that we say on the vlogs that are being
posted
might not be in real time um they might
be like a few weeks delayed but yeah
just thank you for all the support love
you guys we love you
peace out peace and blessings young from
Jess and Gabriel alright goodbye
