what's up log we have with us a Collins
key yes if you haven't seen him before
you see me now and he's a magician girls
just be ready to have your mind blown
oh look at this it is lit ramp command
is wimpy what are you saying it is
you're like what are you saying you're
saying let's get no that's gotten the
lightning we're saying a version of come
on okay
but it's cam like ke RM care came on
yeah my man came in here even feels like
it's a face that goes with it too yeah
yeah she does it do it do it do it ready
three two one
I don't like a man she gets so annoyed
when I do it the most like weird thing
ditch fam train I turn this on for a
reason I was going to explain to you
guys that we're filming a video today
yeah and then Jess and I are gonna be
going through the rest of our date and
then tomorrow he's coming back again and
we're shooting another when we just
don't have enough time to get it all
done so basically it's gonna be lit fam
come in good what I can't clean jess is
like doing friends ways I'm leaving my
gosh Australia we're gonna start this
thing so coming I'm gonna press record
and I know what you're thinking
where's Collins and who are we so we're
gonna make them appear because we're
magicians - here goes nothing
ready
it's hard to look at me it is hard to
look at me absolutely yeah okay
yeah we're shy what job can you adopt
what size shoe does the other person
where I have to cover the nostril come
back oh man why do I know that's not a
glass I'm a chair when you're around old
couples I have no way you could just say
that Collin's video ended up going very
well it's crazy I look like a pig just
go watch it like in the description yeah
check it out I need a great take this
off so that you won't regret it do we
got the thumbnail yep looks good all
right yeah
that video is please watch like and
subscribe because please like it for
this yeah seriously can't even like kiss
you properly oh look at my ear oh it's
the back of the neck are you though
you're on right now
oh I'm sorry babe I I put so much tape
like we're gonna promote Hong Kong the
back of the neck the back of look at
this oh it hurts oh yeah these guys are
troopers I have no idea oh hey this is
not good feel like I went a little easy
on you
I went Hanlon oh oh oh my gosh oh oh
good stuff yeah thanks Collins
absolutely Robin you man oh your dog so
what's going down right now jess is so
excited paulin's is doing if you didn't
know he is a like insane magician use
hey he God is like start on America's
Got Talent
I was on America's Got Talent got to go
like on tour Demi Lovato like harmony
yeah like he's he's kind of a big deal
so what's going on is he's gonna do some
magic press oh yeah so known each other
for a minute and
I've never done that today but like
never ever we like hung out crazy the
first time we're filming together first
time I'm gonna see him do magic so it is
a needless to say it is going to be lit
fam clean all right so just make money
checks out there people go one two three
four five you're one you want us to see
the check let's see we got a life so
it's one two three four five bucks
nothing too crazy but here here's how
opposition makes money right it doesn't
take these bills and Jess you're going
to do this on the count of three I want
you to wave your nails amazing by the
way
hi here we go I'll encounter you to wave
your hand over these ones or anyone can
you go for it back and then check it out
what right check out so now look at this
now this now one two three four that's
not like fine you can feel it too is
like it's not oh yeah that's like real
like the real hundreds what right are
you no way
here I'll show you guys something else
like this is me I don't all jet of those
red nails
male D children every day I saw the
quality Hannibal Cardiff you guys know
that this one right here is called the
Jack of Diamonds
gotta watch out for this card very bad
Carter southern over here right now
we'll get back to that one in just a
little bit to camp card I don't make
sense a living a little bit but I jest a
stomper do you want stop
do you want to stay here and go farther
statement okay so take out get to show
the camera it doesn't matter if I see in
Georgia Cambria
alright cool and here so the frames you
will take a marker to the card what I'm
gonna have to use a moment I'm gonna
have actually signed a card and no what
are you doing here side you so the
reason I have a card signed is so that
way there's only one card like this in
the entire world
actually you don't get repeat your
signature on it too okay this is more so
I can sell it on ebay after this whole
thing I've done for par Victoria that's
my signature I want to I want you guys
see that is there's now only one card
just like this in the entire world so
take a marker perfect in here okay it
appears here between half and walk take
this card you got the card put it in the
middle if I run a ball is huge
let me just see this lets the other the
middle and here's are going to happen
this camel card right here it's actually
be able to find your card instantly
convulse your card you guys can see it
goes in the middle and then watch this
cannibal card I'll put it like I'm gonna
put somewhere in the middle like this
hold it your head for me Jones and
Gabriel ooh your head atop affirms you
making me nervous
and watch it's going to happen right now
this is that it's actually going to go
through the deck jack it's going to look
for one card done Gabriel take your hand
off and check us out that look we go
through these cars and I told you the
jack as a candle the card right so it
finds your card in a very unique way
because we go through and see all these
cards are good we get down to in the
jack
see it's actually taken up by it do you
say it out of one card you see all the
cards are good except for one card right
here to check us out
let's just recap really quick no you
guys you pull you pull the card out sign
the card you both sign the card put it
Jack found one car check us out right
here living as you guys can see that no
no and check out it really is like it's
a piece torn out of it but this work
gets crazy just check us out with this
you guys ready for this
what happens when you eat something or
does it go your stomach right yeah look
at this I said this is a cannibal card
right check your sidewalk so I take this
card right here look at this
what is ready you get this inside the
layers of this card you guys see that
right there
do I pull it out you can pull that out
that's inside the layers and make sure
it fit that ace exactly make sure that
is the exact same piece no way
what the heck no way what the heck just
happened dude that was the best thing
I've ever seen thank you alright you
don't try to launder the quick yeah they
stopped me whatever you want
stop no you want to stay here go farther
stay ok cool so let's see we got we need
a sharpie getting somebody to sign this
card we go any way any yeah aimer idea
by signing the card you now make it a
one-of-a-kind there's not only one card
just like this in the entire world
I am possible to duplicate here we go
and any one will do is I'll take your
card and I'll put here for one side so
we'll get back to that in just a second
right now game rules you're trying to
move like this and you just say stop
whenever you want
stop you want to stay here and go
farther shit
so here ok take a look at it cut ok they
ate so here how can you Gabriel to sign
this card can be your card and get my
signing it there's now only one 8 of
clubs just like this in the entire world
all right first one city of that so I've
got two cards over here we got out of
here we go we got your good sign three
and the eight things are gonna happen
right now this is this the goal goal is
these cars to line up perfectly this
one's going to get a little bit into it
but here watch so the gold is also an
optical illusion because watch I pushed
me like this if you line them up perfect
okay so you see how they did just a
little bit off do you guys see that yeah
you can tell that they're not working
yeah I want to make sure you can see
that um let's give back a little bit
though it's hard to get this it's hard
to get this so here watch but if I do it
perfectly like this because otherwise
you'll be able to tell you can't act
like it kind of looks almost like what
here you're going to just open your
mouth for me right now here we go boy
and I want you I want you to bite down
on these cutouts here yeah like right
down and then Gabriel you wanna come
over here to you get to bite down on
this understand my down the comics yeah
go for it comb for me I think it's going
to happen the car is going to start to
heat up a little bit and start to melt
you guys can put your lips on the car
that'll actually seal them done that's
your take your miles off check aside no
I want you guys to see this look at
there's no moves I want you to feel this
now there's only one Carter you feel
that it's not a two cards team together
it's really one card yeah if you want to
know what happened then other side cards
he's actually infused white right into
the back why what the heck I'm not like
my brain feel like my my head is in pain
from trying to figure out how this is
worried what the heck what yes that's
that's where you guys so yeah oh my god
thank you for showing us oh absolutely
yeah my mind is blind I freaking love
men that is so crazy
yeah I don't like it
I feel wonderful over is where that was
so legit dude like Rob how it is Frank
hey oh my gosh okay so our brains hurt
but make sure to check out his channel
and the videos that are the video that
we just filmed there cuz yeah it was it
was so funny it was our tape we were on
taping our faces that you saw earlier
that happened all that shenanigans was
what went down on his channel so make
sure you check it out subscribe like all
the chanting hands I don't oh that's
your name iggins it'll be down in the
description below
okay mean you mean gimme it came a
camera camera this make things very
Christmasy I love it sir
yeah you're never too early do nothing
to Christmas right
I'll be going so we're going out for
lunch and then we're seeing Kristen and
mocking oh I don't know that know that
know the words know that know that let's
say grace we're disgusting no no we're I
think they change his plan that was
eventful we drove down the street made a
big u-turn into a lot of traffic and
drove right back
that was like is so much traffic and
everyone was beeping and it was really
rude and I do stressful I appreciate it
I wasn't the one driving but I still
didn't appreciate it
got so heck we in here yeah
just trying to be my opera singer live
my opera singer dream wait your ring
makes you bleed so do you have to just
grow callous underneath so I want blood
I would like if this like see how it
kind of stands up when you're engaged
and talk about rings and show each other
each other's rings so they made it the
newly engaged couple guys there we go I
was just about to say that
guess seniority over you guys you do you
do yes yeah but uh you might get married
first no I don't I don't know we're
still trying to figure it out but if we
do then yeah so we've been playing a
friendly battle of Mario Kart and I've
won first every single time every time
but the game is about to change because
we gave Chris senator Marcos the
steering wheel remotes and Jess and I
are using the control things and I
honestly prefer the steering wheels
bullet fan the Luigi control right there
that's my sacred limo just letting you
know you might be winning every round
because of that thing but probably not
because I'll probably be winning you
guys are so concentrated I'm trying to
I'm just trying to talk trash to you
guys and you guys aren't even on it I'm
like I'm probably gonna win they know
it's true did you just try to say it not
really an accident nor say it again it's
like it's just like not even fun anymore
like winning first place
it's not even like they were talking
bowl the whole time it's just talking
trash you literally talk trash the
entire time Metal Mario which was me
come on for a second - where's the rest
oh there they are down there Marcus
you're just so humiliated you don't even
want to be on you don't even want to be
on the vlog I see you what am I saying
well we just got so competitive with
each other and we're like Mario Kart is
fun you know what's better than Mario
Kart real go-karting
I found some think oh I was drawn on a
site but we made it to a go-kart on the
track it's pretty lit or should we say
unlit BAM those markets are up but
they're paying so we'll steal it and
hopefully don't they don't find out I'm
just nervous that my girl hunting game
isn't gonna live up to my Mario Kart
game okay me the finishing up and we're
about to get dude let's go he's going
down tell you know you're going down bro
this is dude game over no chance any
last words you guys have to say bye
easy on me babe no chance when we get
competitive it's not even an option the
competition was tight your boy came out
on top got a Mario Kart hero but I was
on it I was the runner-up
it's a sad loss it's a sad loss but you
know what really matters Mario Kart so
that's their nature he agrees Kristen
and Marcos are leaving which is so sad
anyway um you know their stares back at
that door but we were like you know what
let's try and do this Toy Story shindig
here in bounce on the sensor that opened
the gate via Carlo guys we got a drive
up like we got a simultaneously jump
ready ready 1 2 3
no yeah like
and this is not working later guys
no you're saying an extra week or an
extra little few days right bye guys
is she like your new bestie today thanks
for watching peace out from yes and
Gabriel
oh sorry I had to burn
