it's rolling this I just untangle
justice necklace look I got it on Oh
think you got it Maria babes
you're welcome bigger a lot of this to
unplug ear here oh just don't put your
infected seems like your phone real
quick
Oh money money in the bank all you
haters tank well what what thanks babe
only a mr. lonely I've got nobody on my
own gonna pin a turn on the record
player right quick ooh it is October
October 1st that we're filming this not
even Halloween yet but it is never too
early for Christmas music especially
Frank Sinatra Christmas music on a
record player
so priorities ladies and gentlemen right
Jess oh right what right what
okay I'm in the middle of a
demonstration I know I wanted to show
the demonstration just showing us what
her dog does go she like stare you like
this and I'm like fur but um baby shark
eyes baby shark eyes it's been there
like Oh black you know I'm finding a
more how is that come having fish
tonight and it's all black I call them
Hey yeah Bruce right yeah that is so
funny
thank you sir no no no I'm keeping
nothing oh no well seek no you don't
miss it
yeah dang it thank you know what I'm
gonna have to do since you have the
camera oh here we go again now is very
loud what was really loud out there was
so loud it echo through the whole
parking garage today's gonna be a fun
day and we're not gonna be sad we're not
gonna be sad at all even though you
leave tomorrow babe don't bring it up I
just think we need to know what we're
talking about okay we're not gonna be
sad today although I leave tomorrow and
every so often I get really sad and my
eyes start to sweat you mean you start
to cry so right now you up to the peer
box because I had been waiting for my
colleague cosmetics package yes and then
we went to Florida and it's just been
waiting for me it's been lay it didn't
come before we left so so I'm really
excited to go get it and then we're
going to target and then then and the
one part of the day begins after that
then we're gonna go see how lovely
people
Kristen and mock is Oh coming wait
this means we've got to pack
guys I got it it is so nice outside
think about the PIO box that's RPL box
if you want to send stuff guys I put it
on my lips and I don't know if I like it
sie doch kindly gender whip kick
challenge I do the Kylie Jenner lip
challenge have you seen that video I did
it with the recitation in my lips worth
frickin oh my gosh
Jessica yes do you remember what that
Starbucks is right there the first day
we hung out ever he went to church went
to eat and then I dropped her off at the
Starbucks he did indeed and then we were
like hanging we're both in the area yeah
that whole night which was super bowl
night and we were both like walking
around Hollywood right I wasn't you were
walking around Hollywood I was I thought
you walked around before me I think I
did well I yeah a little bit but we went
yeah very close to each other I
definitely wanted to see you again
already yeah I kind of wished that I was
with you at that my first day man
we were we were hooked from day one it
was meant to be we are pulling up to the
building to see Christina Nathan in more
goods oh hey Jess you ever see something
cool with that oh that's us how are you
it is going on the vlog dude
the 64 graphics platform just disappears
you know those graphics do you want to
tell them the reason that you started
playing the 64 and then no I found out
that Gabe was coming over so I said I
gotta brush up on my 64 skills because
he crushed me and you I destroyed the
competition thing is okay you can beat
me if you can get one of my lives down
then you win I'll beat you five times
we'll see we'll see I got pretty
competitive with this crap yeah right
Jess we all know that room tell me so my
video idea is the blood what is it
called the what's in my mouth challenge
the couple's edition ooh we engaged
that's a toughie bad oh oh we're filming
out in these streets America Donald
Trump hmm today with Donald Trump
posting what what is that like a prop or
something that's hilarious
Jess do you want to explain what just
happened um well you spent out a lot of
feel freed well it's like cat food yeah
that's really gross
yeah all that gross crap was in mine and
Marcus's mouth who won wait we can't say
you'll have to go watch the video oh go
subscribe good job I was just about to
say who it is win it good save
go check out the video on Kristin's
channel it's going to be lit fami yeah
it's good oh it doesn't taste bad go
french uncle first bye guys bye children
little peg something
there's pegs just pick a fee on the
right night put both feet on pegs your
phone you're on vanilla dream Manoah
jury right there they go they just got
back I'm doing a bad job logging them
they are you gotta feel cool what was
our top speed root 17 17 did you like it
so Marcus wants to go to Halloween
Horror Nights tonight pretty bad so he's
trying to the tickets are all sold out
but he's trying to rig the system by
making lots of phone calls right now and
let's see if he can do this thing Oh
Oh
oh my gosh Anwar Valley bought it before
Donald Trump's presidential race and
actually used it for a brothel way and
then who's going to throw it out I said
I gotta keep it's too cold I'm a giant
very clean like mask no way I know you
guys have European subscribers so please
help me out here and Europe they don't
give you ice in your drink
that's not true but thank you when
Israeli I go fishing even know what I
did she just like Jess if they have ice
and ice trip pointed to the eye what
soon as call yeah
this is so bad full up how many
oh no son let's go you just open the
game lot of times you just press the
button and they just open it I know I
deal with it we're just freakin lazy
sitting up in their little thing I just
saved
I just saved like what was it what is it
now like is it 20 bucks now yeah already
paid it's 20 bucks right you guys going
to Universal I'm trying that's all right
we just saved twenty dollars by clicking
a button
dude you dog no he only had two tickets
available for Kristin and Marcus yes
still definitely going but they
convinced us to go anyway and try and
rig the system basically just like we
did with that button nothing in legal
just trying smooth schmoozer issues
we're gonna shimmy American Way you know
wait alright Jess you're gonna have to
do a little schmoozing up up here he's
on yourself oh yeah it was that step one
or one we just snuck in guys that one
we're in oh my gosh
okay we've made it into the parking
garage they don't know what our true
motives are guys Oh
yeah
things are going too well right now
Marcus says it's fate I say it's God you
know same thing okay so we're going to
try and do this that's me
God's favor grace and mercy upon your
life we we are here made it through
security we're going up now and this is
the moment of truth
Marcus I've got it I'm not nervous but
I'm just I'm hopeful but I'm kind of
nervous a little bit yeah it's like we
came all the way here we came all the
way here for us I just wish that we
would have to deal with this and we
could just be already like feeling free
walking and deal if it works it's going
to be doing ever and say hi to the vlog
guys names its trip wait are you guys
from the channel trailer hey no way okay
names names
hey Lisa nice to meet you guys the
moment of truth we're here we're here no
I am so you're currently waiting we got
general fishing tickets because they
have us but they're sold out of the Fast
Pass they will have to actually have is
that they have two left and there's four
of us the person that will fall is being
like super duper nice and trying to help
us out
and get us faster so hopefully it works
fingers crossed
run of the line oh right around shout
made a copy they allowed us to buy the
freaking ticket got him son oh my gosh
what is happening
oh my gosh oh I need I'm open to good
 holy freakin crap oh oh oh okay all
right
do that first one should we do on
Chainsaw Massacre
I don't know what the camera died in the
middle of that okay that guy's walking
close to us
anyway the camera died I'm using my
phone that's all I wanted to say oh my
gosh no I saw that coming
yeah like this
what
oh crap oh my god there's too many
hello everyone
next day jess is right there kind of
working getting stuff done because just
leaves today and it's a sad day but um
that's why we're finishing this vlog and
not filming the rest of the day because
we don't want to be sad on the vlog the
whole day so we're just going to end it
and say goodbye now but one thing that
we did decide to do was get ahead on
vlogs and film a lot during this trip
because there will be a few weeks that
we are apart since she is leaving today
um to get back to work
yeah there will be a few weeks that we
are apart but we still want to post
vlogs for you guys
so we we got a head on them so they'll
be vlogs from Florida here in LA just
stuff that we've done for the past few
weeks and then I'll be going back to
Australia to visit her we'll continue
the vlogs there yeah but yeah I guess
we'll uh say goodbye here and see you in
the next vlog no you're gonna stay okay
it's okay
Jason today it was a sensitive thing I
got and uh I'll cry I know okay I'll
just we'll just say goodbye from Jeson
game girl okay thank you so oh yes come
on
no I don't all right you want me to do
mm-hmm
peace out from Jess okay peace out from
Justin Gabriel I guess this is a satisfy
to end the vlog bye guys
