bye you guys I literally turn on the
vlog camera to say bye again he always
repeats stuff I don't look got to do it
for the vlog I'm alright if I check out
this dope rental car I'm gonna be
driving your do you want to drive it I
kind of do here luck turn sure oh oh
thank you you're welcome
oh my gosh ah get in the car he's so
silly oh my gosh what is he doing
get in the car oh dang I'm sorry it's
really hot in here I shouldn't have done
the tsak I just yeah
you got to do it for the vlog it's very
humid in Florida like ridiculously once
you're in LA weather yeah once you're in
LA and you're used to like perfect
weather you come back to places like I
mean just like the drier weather I guess
yeah that's what I'm saying
Oh cuz I care in Florida you walk
outside somedays especially after it
rains and it's just a frickin which was
like yesterday or the day before
that's like pop a water balloon in your
face with an antigravity machine and
then it just stays next to the hole does
that make sense
yeah Oh what I don't know if she wants
to be filmed she's waving that's so cool
clicking parrot on a stick okay here oh
that was pretty random we're off to a
cafe called the seed and it's pretty lit
fam can we have our Bibles and a book
which I am so excited to read yeah I'm
really excited to read this to that we
were when we were at church was it the
week before we came here yes at Hillsong
yeah there was a guest speaker who I
forgot his name it's on the bus John
Bevere that and he fricking it was one
of the best messages honestly I'm
literally like one of the best like one
of the best all-time but probably one of
the best I've heard in years like
unbelievable it was kind of like based
around what he talked about in the book
so we were like we have to get the book
yeah sweet don't do that because we're
in this car I can put down the pedal and
it goes like mmm it starts going kind of
fast
hey I don't speed I just do it for like
two seconds just to get her a little on
just to get a reaction for me to get a
reaction I don't appreciate it it's
pretty fresh I don't appreciate that did
I stop looking yes you know I just has
to stop vlogging because her arm hurts
when she holds up the camera well see
I'm not holding it like this with my arm
we have a thing on the bottom of it yeah
but that makes it easier
probably but I just I don't have any arm
strength say you do be thank you Hopson
mega arm strength after logging for a
while right I can already feel it oh
look at that latte in there right Jess
from the outback yeah I think I
definitely won with the heart I knew it
yeah you should have
I just really wanted to say that Gabriel
what I just said are you saying I just
said how much I love you oh no you
didn't you liar you liar you did not say
that to the camera
did you now what the Frick did you save
him I said I excuse me I love me oh yeah
let's not be girls on camera even though
it's not sunny out and all bright and
stuff sometimes you still gotta wear
your glasses you know just for fashion
except don't work don't wear shades
inside don't eat that piss it's like a
statement I get it but like it's still
weird like you don't it's like just to
be cool unless you're like ridiculously
famous and don't want people to
recognize you then like okay sure you're
still drawing attention to yourself if
you're wearing oh that's true that is
true nevermind there's no good reason to
to wear shades inside I'm too excited
yo big younger dog big dog what's what's
Papa Lakhan we are on our way back but
we're gonna take a little spin around
FAU
cuz Jess wants to see a college look if
they use like not really how normal
colleges look though that's what I'm
trying to tell her but she still wants
to going to college not really um I'm
showing her hey this is it right here
this is it this is Florida Atlantic
University does this excite you so much
yes I wanna go oh wait what is that
that's a mayor's house ocean the MS
anyway she really wanted to go to
American school and I went to FSU
Florida State University which is like
traditional American University American
College it's like the campus is
beautiful crazy football game stuff like
that so she was like oh let's go to FSU
but from where I live in South Florida
or where my family's from in South
Florida it's like a seven hour drive so
I was like yeah probably not going to do
that but there's a college that all my
friends go to called Florida Atlantic
University which is where we are right
now not nearly the same deal but it's
like kinda it's bigger than Community
College it's a university that's a
football stadium over there
you see it you want to pull over and try
and get in yeah awesome
all we're gonna try and sneak into the
football stadium coming let me show you
the exciting land college in America was
like before I dropped out this is my
kingdom
it is our green look at it that's cool
it's cool I guess
I mean I guess the cool part is the
stadium over there that's really the
farlands of the Florida Atlantic
University owls are you an owl now yeah
I think that i think i saw people inside
of there you want to try and go there oh
baby you see that statue in there
there's like a statue got in there I'm
not repeating it for the blog why but it
was Donald Trump everybody Shh but look
at the stadium Queen it's a lot maybe oh
sweet there's gates open over there oh
we got him we got in ah just a little
dance for the camera
you like this hit that snapchat snapshot
game Sean go do it do it
Wow basic ooh
snapchat game strong what I'm just
trying to get some good vlog footage
babe come on it is should I just jump
over this railing onto the field and not
streak a little bit just do a streak run
across just a quick streak run across
the field right yeah yeah yeah it's not
him at all excuse me
don't be romantic with that guy I am
your fiance
you're looking psyche okay you enjoyed
it yeah yeah all right you ready head
home her head - uh-oh thanks babe you
ready to head - uh back to Claudio
Maddy's yeah
getting the let's get in the tractor
babe let's drive home I just want to go
home and her she's like she's like oh
there's so many college people act like
a college student huh I hate class so
much I just want to go home and watch
Netflix I hate my physics lecturer is
that what you
what the heck is wrong with my iPhone
I'm looking at my right eye right what
oh no it's starting to rain last one of
the cars a rotten egg Jess I guess
you're a rotten egg first one to do that
seat but up is a rotten egg okay well
that wasn't
oh how dare you do it again I dare you
do oh you won't you won't she just she
just flicked me off with her ring finger
when you do the try to flick someone off
like a Christian give him the ring
finger yo so we are back in LA and I'm
finishing up editing the vlog that this
same vlog that you're watching right now
and I don't know what you want to say
about it it's very long it's very bull
no no no it's not very long the original
vlog which I filmed all that we filmed
all that day was ridiculously long like
too much footage it would have been like
40 minutes of footage or yeah that 3040
minutes of footage so what we're doing
is we're finishing it here saying by the
vlog because we don't have an outro up
to this point on the vlog again and then
the rest of it will be in another vlog
so yeah that's that's what's going on
you'll see all of that footage in
another vlog and it'll be a little fan
coming I say a lovely day we love you
and God bless mwah and the only reason
we film this club is to say goodbye so
and I'm off to Starbucks now so so I
just pick a goodbye you guys
peace out from ya and Gabriel we do that
different every time
