guys can we talk about this clothes
exception that jess has going on right
here gray she says she looks like a bum
which she totally doesn't she looks
freaking cute in this outfit
right we leave say she looks cute in the
comments anyway no get back here get
back here
vans honor on her hoodie gray hoodie
right everything's good matches her
shoes wait what are the shoes bands all
outfit section
ladies and gentlemen am i right guys uh
watch this I can use the Force ready
excuse me Jess that is not I use the
force not you it didn't work when you
used it
yes it did I was only started it and
then it goes by itself after that okay
all right all right so we made it to
Kody and Lexi's place say hi to the
college I've known Kody I'm gonna come
I'm gonna come over here explain our
friendship yeah I've known Kody because
when I started vine I was a very small
minor this guy was one of the big dogs
very hairy very good and he's humble too
and but um he saw when my binds and was
like yo um that's film binds together
because he was in Port at that time when
I was in Florida I saw Gabe stuff and I
always thought he was funny
so we linked up you came to my house and
yeah and we filmed some stuff and since
then the friendship has blossomed but uh
anyway I turn the vlog camera on because
we were in the middle of a conversation
yeah and you were talking about chickens
so let's uh Cody raise chickens
apparently so let's hear what you have
to say about chickens
I guess I feel like I tell people this
but I don't tell people enough but like
when I was younger you know 7th and 8th
grade I I could purebred chickens so it
wasn't like so I had I had purebred
chickens in what is that even me wait
the average chicken you see is like a
mutt like they're not purebred by the
bantam standard see there's a book by
Colin Smith there's a book that explains
they had to have the certain feather
colors a certain stance like they have
to like you know stand like with posture
not just can you do that stance again
like stand with with with posture you
know with with their beaks and and I
went I would put them in the pan affair
and I I'm a multiple champion like
winner champion chicken wait what he has
a plaque and guess what it says on it
what does it say best yeah cuz a rooster
only age of one year okay yeah oh my
I can put in the bog should i bleep it
out
I should all sleep it out not to sleep
it out we have the plaque we can make
you show me Sherlock yeah dude okay show
it to me I can just add it out I'll edit
it out rated this is going to be rated
pg-13 so what would you what would you
call are you a chicken Wrangler poultry
fan Sears I had chicken you know way
when when I was like eight who where am
i hell why did you have chickens at your
house cuz we had and did you like lately
eggs or anything and they laid egg no
way yeah I want to hear your chicken
stories too well that's it she wasn't
she wasn't it she wasn't a chicken
Wrangler like you were so in 2004 it's
called in club poultry show and I won
best and it's real like it's a plaque I
mean look I mean this is a little janky
now but yes is but it's like a real
thing and this is what I eat this is
what I used to do growing up like this
was my hobby I mean dude you were home
school you know how weird we were that's
true like back in the day that's true I
mean I was weird because I do the same
thing I do now I just go around filming
random crap and all my friends like why
are you filming so yeah nothing's
changed nothing's changed yeah Cody's
got a little more normal
slightly but I go back to saying we want
to raise chickens in our place and I
think that yeah cuz they're moving
they're moving to a new place just close
on a house Congrats up top you suck boom
and he was just telling me how they want
to raise chickens there so uh future
vlog will be involving us you know
handling the chickens raising chickens
so first therefore you know you think oh
you want to raise kids no they want
chickens chickens first you know if I
can handle chick
we can move on with the kids what do you
say yeah she's like I don't know how I
feel about that analogy we were talking
about getting a cat and she doesn't you
know like cats but what I thought is you
know chicken feed brings rats so we
would get the cat to get the rats now
from the chickens I literally told him
if there's any rats outside from cats or
from chickens then we're not having
chicken Lord I'm getting a cat to take
care of a rat Palmer no she's very
passionate about the subject we have a
problem if we had a cat getting the we
wouldn't a rat if we didn't have chicken
but we got it but we had a champion
again like I was when I was younger dude
I did not know that about you dude that
is the funniest thing he knows
everything about chickens you can ask
him any question about chickens and hole
no yeah I would say most yeah I know
like me I got you what interests you as
a kid to be like oh I want to train
chickens well when I was younger I went
to the fair and you know how they have
the chickens and the cages and they had
blue ribbons and I was like I want blue
ribbons like I want to be a champion so
I figured I could I could get you know
one of each union was random yeah right
like I wrestled I wrestled for 10 years
and everyone to turn them in either got
for a second or third you got a gold
silver bronze medal you around the
medals right that's for wrestling like
right felt like a man after a champion
yeah I got this plaque all right I
remember you saw the video on just this
channel of me trying Vegemite but Jess
it was discussing by the way but Jess
all right but just brought Vegemite with
her on this trip and we have it in our
cabinet we were just talking about about
it with Cody and Lexie and I think I'm
gonna run back to my place really quick
and grab it so they can try it okay I'm
excited I mean I think I'd like it just
doesn't even want me to bring it because
she's afraid that they're not gonna like
it I feel like I have to like it for you
just thank you not make you sad please
tell me you like it
it's disgusting thank you very much I'm
gonna go get the veggie mine I'll be
back wait did we vlog that dog
yeah they I think they saw you playing
with a dog on the floor pretty much I
love dogs
so much and I feel like my love for dogs
is like growing every day
are you judging me a little bit and I
haven't really like being around a dog
and like being able to like cuddle a dog
and stuff in so long we were at QWERTY
and Lexi's always still there but I'm
gonna go back thank you thank you
welcome
um so we were at it's hot in this car
can he just get if I ignore him maybe
he'll get in the car did you and I said
no what I said it's so hot in this car
maybe if I ignore him he'll get in the
car
anyway so they have the cutest little
dog who I actually thought was all white
but he's actually black and white and
they were kind of like chatting and I
sat on the floor and I was like tickling
like scratching the dog and I love dogs
ears I think some people know that it's
very strange
it is really love dogs ears and I was
like sitting on the ground and it was
like this on the couch
and it like fell asleep and I was like
playing with its ear and it was just
like and it made me so happy and I want
one you want dog maybe I'm married can't
get your dog now we can't get a dog now
cuz then you leave back to Australia I
know I just want a dog we're also
filming a video with them today yeah
we'll put there they also have a channel
together too so you can it's in the
description if you want to check that
out we're filming like a married first
engaged challenge I think is they were
explaining it something like that
something like that they're said they're
gonna refine the idea and let us know
when we get back but yeah pretty much
we're gonna crush it I I'm gonna I'm
gonna say we're gonna win but we might
not cuz they've been together like
they've been married for two years but
they've been together for so much longer
than that so they know each other
which channel duper duper well but oh no
assassin in 16 come on high five for
fascinations baby I mean we got the
bitch and um when we're walking out I
said sweet will you try it again yes I
said yes because he actually secretly
loved me I hate Vegemite it's disgusting
he actually really wants to have it okay
so right I'm doing it for the vlog you
know like do it for the vlog that's what
I planted it I haven't had Vegemite for
two weeks and you're having withdrawals
I feel like this is gonna be a really
special time for me
yes just like it was a special time
seeing a dog again I feel like it'll be
the same with having Reggie running here
so he said stay tuned alright so we're
back and we have the Vegemite um this
this disgusting tub okay
it comes in a weird container I gotta
say it reminds me of like baby food yeah
well no there's ones that are bigger
kind of like Nutella okay Jess explain
what this is
I don't really know it's disgusting it's
what it is keep saying you know what
literally I really want Cody nights like
this and I'm gonna have an open mind
because I don't want to make just sad
and I think I had such an okay I had
such an open mind
did I not when I tried out on the video
for her channel my I was like and I
think I'm gonna enjoy this jess is
preparing it from me very well I'm
trying it again though maybe my mind is
changing she convinced me on the way out
yeah okay he's okay yeah we're in this
together come on I'm not happy about
this okay please I'm single I'm busily
tell you good sup just thinks there's a
cell phone oh yeah okay cutting after
credit and three cut out and three
you're not eating more than a bite so
maybe maybe maybe we were
okay here's here's a thing though
because I know that game didn't like it
I have a preconceived thought that Mike
Jackson they're not just going with an
open mind okay here's here's here's boom
she ready yeah wait so it's is salty
like fishy
Aguila are you okay dude I think the
word fish if you've got them really bad
I'm sorry I do not mean to say that like
just all the memories of the first time
I tried what do you think first lots
it's very salty right also it's really
different like it's like nothing I've
ever tasted before now I want it I'm
gonna taste this a little bit that has
like it I'm doing better than last time
yeah you're right too much no I don't
too much it's too much hahahahaha
like I take it a bit by itself can you
eat it by itself and you like it no but
I like a lot on toast
wow yeah I just have to try it by
yourself no idea I just had a little
edge how gross is it it's just like it's
shockingly salty like it's very very
salty it's not tear it just tastes like
salty bread I mean I don't know where
else to lay it all over your mouth no
sorry
so you knew somebody who took a spoon
yes yeah I fell down a youtube video he
took that he took the thing like a spoon
went like that and ate it here was that
Sebastian oh yeah okay so much sense
right at least you didn't vomit it's not
as bad at all it's just not it's all my
favorite I wouldn't eat it like on the
regular yeah it doesn't make me like
nauseous or anything I think I think you
made it really good because you can put
a little bit and I think that that was
good but when I got it very well what a
job I tasted like a little bit by itself
and it was like no we did it we try
something for dnews thank you guys high
fives all around
Oh hope you guys enjoyed us trying
American trying Vegemite the native
Australian bogan dish bogan
Logan what fungus woman I don't even
know a bogan is I only don't bogan
because of you
Oh Jack oh right
Nik I don't know yeah that's how you
consider redneck bargain I am a Friday
night I can tell you love when he
doesn't leaving do you love me do you
love Gabe okay I see what you did there
you do you love me do you locate no stop
that no no no no no no you go up and
down there we go yes you love me right
no oh um Grover
Willie catch it if I throw it up okay Oh
big dog yeah boy come on Kimmy Kimmy
yeah bro do it for the vlog baby come on
this may be ultimate selfie stick hey
guys welcome back to the vlog - so today
I'm here with come to us okay so what we
did for coating Lexie's video is we just
as mimicking me again like every frickin
time that we do this we wrote down
questions and put them in this bowl look
at this bowl time my mizanskey you like
that I'm watching you Mike Wazowski I'm
watching anyway anyway yeah we wrote
down questions and put them in there and
we have to like know it about each other
right yeah yeah something like that um
thing like that and we're gonna film it
for their video so it's gonna be a
little just just realize she rolled her
eyes in the last video people are
leaving silly comments they're saying my
gosh Jess doesn't like I didn't really
they're saying that you're annoyed with
me with things I do oh my gosh Jess just
complains just Roza eyes I'm like have
you seen how silly gape is yeah well
that and also when I turn the camera I
make sure to do really stupid things to
make the vlog entertaining that I often
don't know about that she doesn't know
that's happening and she's like why is
he doing that like I'll just turn the
camera randomly and start filming
something stupid and she
like oh he's vlogging again guys don't
comment mean things mm-hmm no cyber
bullying even though it's not really
bullying but stop thinking about
annoying things that I do for Jess we
always just singing to her and uh I'm
just happy I just say Lee I just said
face I don't want just anyone I don't
show how to go to waste
hon you're beautiful so getting us
filming and you have any privacy you got
the coffee guys trying to be creative
with my vlogging shots on just a pair
okay is everyone here
yeah what's going on in your body I'm
Cody and I'm Lexie and this week we have
some special guests look who it is
Jess and Gabriel newly engaged guys yes
you're not to join the really old people
Club of being married all right favorite
animal okay mine first yeah come on okay
ready one two three
chicken hey I'm so glad we were
recording out of my camera - yeah well
yes we just finished the video for their
channel so make sure to check that out
we'll put the little rabbit down below
down below in the description
growver uh it's working over there we've
got it back and back that up baby hey
what do you have to say guys I just want
you to you know like and subscribe check
out check out our channel and I don't
even know to say okay thanks for
watching guys I can subscribe me sound
from Jess and Gabri I got a package
door no my friend told me he something
housewarming gift I know we already
signed the video off but I saw this it
was like oh we should add this to the
vlog the moment of truth
no no no way check this out it just
flames and it says Oh Herman that is so
good
you know shoutout to Sebastian he
actually has a blonde channel so go
check that out I'll link it in the
description because that's his own
frickin grating and I guess we'll sign
off peace out from Jess and Gabriel
