I've got the camera set up to film a
YouTube video Jessie's YouTube video um
and guess who's not ready yet
I've been waiting for her forever yes I
have hey sweet yeah are you doing
vlogging what do you think I'm doing
we're vloggers now babe hey Jess oh my
gosh oh oh we need to film this video
babe few things are going on right now
I'm setting up for a video Jess's
youtube video cuz I'm a good fiance
right Jess thanks babe love you I love
you thanks babe and she's trying to
figure out so I was trying to figure out
the new iPhone update what is it iOS 10
yeah Jess used to hurry up out of the
bathroom oh no she is I thought big came
in that's from this video boom thanks
Carrie yes I did you flash a little bit
we just finished the Q&A right Jess see
you want a vlog we just finished the Q&A
yes he did it wasn't engagement Q&A and
you guys asked questions about our
engagement
that's probably already up that's
probably already up on her channel
alright so guys your look shameless
promo guys subscribe link in the
description wait wait sorry by going
shopping I'm going down home um because
I have to get an outfit are you going to
look for anything probably not I'm
probably just gonna take around the vlog
camera and annoy you while you shop and
my sister's here and she she's actually
leaving today so set
so she's gonna go shopping too and my
arm gets sorry holding this thing I feel
like we should explain because in that
engagement Q&A we a question was asked
about like what went down when I
proposed Martin you're like putting me
behind you in this a question was asked
Jessica in the video a question was
asked about how the proposal actually
went down so I feel like we should
explain that in this okay okay but
that's kind of a story that gay pastor
explained because I just thought it was
a date and I was like loving it as a
date yeah we'll explain it after we get
back from the moment okay
a lot of things just a lot of things
went very wrong but in the best way
possible or a jump on the guy go oh oh
come on you have to wrap your shoulders
over my over there we go piggyback gold
man Kimmy
so yeah looks plain that later in this
vlog yeah oh my gosh you just picked me
up yeah yeah good time well yeah you
know Jess Jess yes sorry ready come here
what come here
what come here what oh sweet are you
ready really day I see are you ready to
leave okay wait wait are you ready to
leave yeah
that was so cool right I'm always
waiting always waiting on him excuse me
I've been waiting for ages wait let's go
happen to pull out my computer here's
the one at the door don't even bother I
was I happen to pull out my computer
when you happen to finally be ready so
okay see she's not even ready let me
just go back to my computer I'm ready
for all the girls Oh
jester's tried to scare me on her
snapchat I guess what job did I scare
you yeah yes I did
hey do you know about a Hollywood
California oh let me tell you thank my
college I'm in a deep and kennel of
guilty yes I sing everyone the waters
just right be wrong might be the time of
your life with me man try try try to
follow the let me see the camera now
sorry thank you nice try buddy
okay zooming in now shut the camera off
why you're wasting the battery
I'm in the deep end
candy ball jump thinking of your love
and my heart beats logic dumb nothing at
a desk what wait no it's adidas Oh what
did you say that you said added us
Americans say adidas Australians say
anodize Oh Americans say Nissan
Australian SN listen
and we say hi and I you guys say Hyundai
oregano and or Aragon oh yeah you guys
say Aragon but we say target and they
say Terra get
they don't actually we made it to the
mall you know what that means their time
for shop and my time to find a chair and
sit down for as much as we do
no no no no I shop much quicker I get as
much stuff but I shop not like a tenth
of the time I will go okay this or this
or this through I like I go into them
pick what I want and that's it
okay hello and welcome to my volley
Braille shop for wearing Northbridge
right now and the Holy Grail because
it's just a really spacious you know
it's not too pushy the people are so
friendly and what do you have to say
about it
are you done what are we trying I'm a
pumpkin spice latte I've never had one
before call me call me not American I've
never had one okay just not very close
but yeah I will try his yeah I ordered
want to looking to try and judging us
she's not in the mood to blog ah
Wes Mendell Kiev born and raised on a
playground
Monday I'm from spice latte ladies and
gentlemen and we're about to officially
turn into white girl so let's see how
this goes
good job Sarah hopefully that works
sweet please can we
No ride that train please babe come on
we've got our food can we just
appreciate how fat we're gonna be at
this this wasn't my idea by the way I
got the smallest burger haha you're so
healthy Jess just finished my burger use
a napkin
no-look shot babe trumpet rushing down
there talking obviously I have to be
safe on the road keep my eyes on the
road so that's why there's gonna be a
no-look shot right here good did I make
up yeah no way though I'm tired yeah
okay oh we wouldn't run around a lot
today a lot of shopping yeah why is that
Jess um because I wanted to UM just
those makeup on her hand we thought we
would tell you the story of our
engagement and what happened and what
went wrong but whenever people like
FaceTime us and ask the story Gabe
always tells it because I'm really slow
at explaining stuff and I just suck no
explaining stuff also the story was like
happening from my perspective yeah I
know I guess you could say so um should
we should we tell him
sure here goes nothing right it's a
Friday just typical Friday we're going
on a date we're going down to Laguna
Beach
it's about it I was thinking it'd be
like an hour 15 Drive it ends up being
like an hour closer an hour 45 Gabe
accidentally took a wrong turn all the
way down added 30 freakin minutes to
dressing sorry much and at that point
just was like babe don't worry we have
all the time in the world
yeah like we're together right now it's
just a date like it's fine so at that
point I was like oh my gosh we need to
get down there eat dinner and get done
with dinner so we can run to the spot so
I can propose to her we get down there
we have exactly one hour from walking
into the restaurant to when we need to
be driving away from the restaurant I
didn't have any reservation so I was
like kind of like oh I really hope
there's not a wait um hopefully they
could see this right away we go in they
see this right away and it ended up
being so quick serve the food quick we
ate break hey perfect everything went
perfectly was out of there in 45 minutes
15 minutes ahead of schedule right we
drive over to the spa
we leave the restaurant we're driving
over the spot a ton of traffic and to
end up taking probably 10 minutes 15
minutes longer than I thought it would
take to get to the spot so we're driving
there and as we're driving it like goes
up a hill and then you can kind of see
the area where we're going to and as I'm
looking up at the area I've seen my
three photographers there so in my head
I'm like okay check that's going good
for us and I actually made a joke else
like hey babe look at those people up
there goodness they're at the spot we're
going to like you're like oh I just
wanted to be you and me I was like sweet
it's fine like it doesn't matter yeah so
that was just you know kind of psycho
out a little bit better I thinking oh
yeah cuz I totally thought this ya know
just get her make sure she wasn't
thinking that they were taking photos of
us and then at that point I start we
start pulling up closer to the spot and
as we're getting to where we're going to
park we see cops getting out of their
car and in my head I'm like they're
going to my friends to tell them that
they can't be there so I pull over just
as like no let's just leave like I don't
even want to do like let's like go
somewhere else and I was like no I need
to pull over to try and talk to them or
something and at that point I was like
oh my gosh I can't propose anymore I
need to tell her that I was going to
propose and just try and do it somewhere
else two reasons two reasons this has
like the date of it so it was the ninth
of the night and so it had to be on that
it had to be on that day one of the
videographer who took the video for us
I flew her down for that one day from
San Francisco so she like had a quick
flight and to come down and but it was
only for that day so I was like are you
kidding me right now this is all running
through my head I'm like I have to I
have to just tell it this isn't going to
work so we pull over
put the hazards on and justice like let
me just stay in the crown like a because
like um can I just stay here and I was
like yeah that's a good idea just stay
in the car because like yeah yes yeah
yeah and I was in my head I'm like thank
God she wants to stay so the houses on
closer run over to them as I'm
approaching then the cops are talking to
my friends my photographer friends and
the cops were like are you wanted
proposed
and I was like yeah why and they're like
oh because uh because you're proposing
you're getting these guys all out of
$270 tickets each so then the cops are
like you can't you know you guys can't
be here Bubba blah the Sun was setting
at this point and I need it like I also
got to be proposing at this time and I
wasn't because these cops were telling
us that we couldn't be there but it
wasn't like we weren't trespassing or we
didn't know that we were trespassing
because the area there was like a fenced
off area but that was higher off than
where we were at the only thing there
was like a little like nice rope like it
was like a scenic looking rope thing I
guess you could say just like rope that
you just walked around you could just
walk onto the area of grass where I was
planning to do it and then apparently it
was illegal to do that so so at that
point I asked the cops I was like is
there anywhere we can do this bubbler
blah and they're like yeah like half a
mile quarter mile half a mile down the
road there's a parking lot that you guys
can park out it's just $15 to park and
then you can walk down the path there
and just find a spot it's like really
nice there too and I was like okay
hopefully it these guys are correcting
what they're saying I Drive back and I
couldn't drive my friends with me
because they they had already parked
down at that lot and walked up and now
they have to walk all the way back in my
head I'm freaking out I'm like I have to
make it there before sunset
I have this stuff is that hopefully they
are done walking all the way back by
that time we're all kind of freaking out
just as the only common because she has
no idea what's going I get there paid 15
bucks find a parking spot near the
entrance of like the little trail thing
that you walk down and grab all the crap
out of my trunk I had my guitar with me
because I convinced her um I was like oh
let me bring the new guitar that I got
you are relaxing understanding self
yeah so idea so we're walking down and
I'm trying to like sneak text my friends
like to see where they are see what's
going on like how quick they're gonna be
there and right when we get the BOK to
the bottom of the trail I see the spot
right and they're proposing I'm like oh
thank goodness
this looks great so we go down there
it's pretty windy so we you know put
down the blanket together and make sure
it's all good and I have the guitar and
everything like that and then though I'm
just having some fun lots of fun and I'm
trying to buy time at this point for my
friends to get there he got out his
guitar and he started like singing some
song weird I was just singing like
bullcrap songs just to buy time for them
to get there and I had it set up so I
was facing like files facing this way
just was here on this side and my
friends would be coming from like behind
her so she has amazed me we were sitting
on the opposite sides and he was like oh
maybe sit up like because my hair kept
blowing in my face and he told me to sit
on the other side yeah so when I looked
at him my hair wasn't so in my face and
she couldn't see the photographer's
coming so I'm playing bullcrap songs
whatever we're just hanging out then I
finally see them walking walking closer
and they have their cameras out they're
already ready they're ready to go
because I knew what was going down they
knew that we were on crunch time Sun was
setting t-minus however many minutes
there was left of the sunset and I
decide I'm like okay they're here it's
go time
I've put down my guitar and just was
actually like she was like okay my turn
to play and I was like actually I wrote
you a letter I was like a poem I was
like he's not letting me play the guitar
what but yeah so I was just like okay no
I wrote you a poem so I pulled out the
the thing but still I was like okay yeah
I read it to her enemy basically from
then on I kind of went down yeah great
it went down how supposed to he read me
the poem and I was like sweet like that
is so lovely thank you so much that made
my day can you read
she had me read it a second time and I'm
just like oh my gosh okay fine
in his head he was kind of like like oh
my gosh the Sun is setting I need to
propose but on the ass I guess I can
okay and he said he read it to me again
yeah and then I gave that to her
afterwards and then I sang hear the song
but meanwhile the whole time while I'm
reading the poem two times and singing
the song she's talking through the whole
thing she's like oh sweet it's so cute
but so lovely I was just like in my head
I'm like I'm trying to be a romantic
here please but I ended up working out
great
after I sung the song she still had no
idea that I was going to propose the
last words of the song or what what is
it I think I pick you forever I'll pick
you forever and I was like ah silly she
still didn't got the picture I stood her
up
we started hugging I'm trying to like
propose at this point and I just wanted
to keep hugging if you if you've seen
his video on him surprising me in
Australia and how I just kept going and
hugging him it was kind of like that
like I just wanted to keep hugging you
and then I like pulled her away and I
kissed her to try and like sneak you
know in you know grab it grab the ring
for my pocket and then she came in and
gave me another hug and I'm just like oh
my gosh Jessica I'm trying to ask you to
marry me right thing and no but then I
finally like after we hugged again and
then I kind of thought it sounds weird
saying it hold it you didn't like push
me off but you were kind of like just
like hey and I'm just like you set up
the house off the hog and then I really
kind of force it not in a bad way
no it wasn't bad obviously I should've
proposed to you and then I pulled the
ring out of my jacket in got down on one
knee and then I blacked out
she has no idea what happened no well I
remember you going Jessica Marie Bella
will you marry me Jessica Marie Bow Wow
but when he like was going down and like
getting on one knee I just remember
going sweet and
and I remember him actually I see me
yeah and then we were like hugging and
kissing and stuff and I didn't realize
that they were like the photographer's
next to it they were right next to us
they were all there's three of them were
two to photographers and one
videographer and they were next to us
and like to me I was like just knows now
that that they're there because she
could hear the clicks going off because
we were just like hugging and kissing
and stuff at that point I remember them
being like loud they were so loud I was
sitting here and I just like thinking
like Jess knows are there obviously
because the clips are going like and
then and then at the end I'm like Jess
meet my friends she turns to the side
and freaks out but there's three people
with cameras standing right there okay
that's how I went down Timmy it was
absolutely perfect because obviously I
didn't know that there were problems or
anything I obviously didn't have any
stress Kaufmann was got tickets yeah it
was almost what would have been like
close to 900 dollars worth of tickets
but then - a lot of you guys leaving
comments on that video saying like it
looks staged yeah I can't believe he
people bro of course it's staged I was
planning to propose to her no--but like
some people thought it was fake and that
we like Oh like set it all up just for
like clickbait or never and I was like
no and like people complaining that I
have photographers and a videographer
there who doesn't want their proposal
photographed you know what I mean like
filmed as well yeah like she would have
been upset if I didn't have those things
they're like my brother who doesn't even
have social media made sure that there
are photographers there to capture the
moment like it's such a normal thing but
and people were giving us cop about if
he would just have like opinions about
everything and I read some comments
I was like yeah those bizarre so to
those of you let those comments why when
and if you ever get proposed to or try
to propose to someone please get
photographers there because you'll
regret not having to that's a story that
is a story Kimmy
oh yeah sir
our it's nearly eight o'clock or about
to say you're my five long serve i
cerebellar how do you feel
Scalzi like next week yeah okay say
goodbye now buster have a safe flight
we left Sarah so sad now we're on our
way to church
er it was less it wasn't as sad as I
thought if you I know not no one cried I
think it's because you'll see her and
like a week and a half
yeah like two
so it's not like a sad goodbye like
Jersey next week yeah it's not like
saying about your fiance or anything
it's gonna suck
thanks for watching and one of the
comments was about our new outro was the
most liked one it was saying that we
have to peace out from just eating kiss
and then and then yeah Chris and cover
the thing but I don't I don't know feel
about that I don't get it
maybe oh I don't know that that's too
cheesy that's just adding more like I
was trying to get one that takes away
from the cheesiness and that just added
more to it let's just rhyme but I do it
all the time so it doesn't even matter
you got a full bladder bars we have to
end this video so you had a whole pack
your shit then I realized it I pulled
all over that shirt I look at this whole
look at this all its profession thanks
for watching so from Jess and Gabriel
are we are really figuring out Inuyasha
say peace out peace out from Jess and
Gabriel I'm too tired for this crap
