so this has been actually a thing that
we've had to talk about and discuss how
far would I go for an optimal okay guys
so Milo likes to sleep under the couch
you thought it'd be funny to start the
vlog off with us going to cuddle on the
couch and seeing if he just comes to
complete is in a state of life where he
just loves cuddling yeah he's really
lazy and loves cuddling the cutest dog
in the world go follow him on Instagram
I love munchkin another day I'm oh wait
wait another day another vlog son what
is going on on Team Syria did that Khan
team what is going on you guys welcome
to another we're excited to have you
here with us today we're so excited to
have any one example day yeah it's gonna
be a good day
I have no idea what I'm saying so I shut
this off by hand
I love you too I love my family but we
gotta like go do some things I can't
just pull out the vlog camera and be
like hey that's my favorite thing to do
ever so let's go
I hate cross what no I don't say
anything yeah okay you all go grocery
shopping so I think I've lost a bit art
form how did you know that Scottish
accent yeah Irish when it honest well
you're very nice white girl lighting
Jess all after that we're going grocery
shopping now it's like two hours after
we filmed our last Clint took us a while
to just get out of house and actually go
grocery shopping but we're gonna vlog
anyway cuz Kaiba loves grocery shopping
he loves it
clean sorry sorry we're vlogging I'm
sorry
it was people in LA men they literally
are what I've been driving I'm sorry if
you really don't like the vlog that much
just unsubscribe one thing I really
honestly don't like is honking like I
just don't like no people in Australia I
just don't hunt in LA it's just like and
then like if one person Hong simha
everyone else will join in oh my gosh
it's worse we haven't even gone inside
yet and she's already getting stuff to
decorate the house I'm more into fake
plants because you don't have to water
them and there can be no sorry my bad
before he getting that's gonna make you
happy than I wanted
yeah got three plants so I think the
best bet it's so pretty
mr. chocolate mints isn't long enough
over the baby yeah they're just too out
of control the rubbing the rebellion
seeks hours later are we almost done
Jessica Jeff are you really oh thank
goodness I don't know yeah oh you have
energy for this stuff gosh I like get
through one aisle and I'm like all right
ready to go home have coffee
are you the cutest girl in the whole are
you it's a nice question cheeks but I
left very job
oh thank you very much oh yeah she'll
region up dad I'm sorry I'm chewing an
apple I think it's time for a good juju
you know yeah you look angelic right now
look what angelic what angelic oh sorry
I just want to hear you say it
don't leave me alone don't leave me lo
don't leave me alone don't let me go
don't mess me up don't mess me up
dunno if I got the words right out ring
that's cute u of D it no I think you are
let us know if you want to continue the
juju let it snow in the comments no let
it snow in the comments let us know and
let us know you know I was listening to
Spanish music you where I'm trying to
get back my eyes no we're gonna groom
now the first copy yeah you gotta night
uh yeah can I get off what do you want I
got vanilla I'll say please have it hot
Grande I got a grown a strawberry sigh
refreshing hey that's so embarrassing
look I swear he knew you went legit oh
for sure I can like do decent Australian
accent that was rough I was just like
we're on time what the heck was that man
I let I knew that was bad all of you
Australians out there watching this I
apologize rate his accent out of 10 no
do not don't comment down below and
subscribe like definitely won't like
this video get this video uh 5060
thousand
eighty thousand maybe ninety a hundred
thousand likes
you won't subscribe join the contine
we're actually matching we are she's got
our drinks and I could get up to the
window and I'm trying to mumble my words
I'm just trying to like talk as little
as possible what I have to say his
sentence just kind of like mumble and so
he doesn't know if I'm like Australian
or American like give me the coffee I
was like Oh what his plan no and I was
like and then Jessica's there succulence
me and I was like yeah he was like from
where that's probably the most
embarrassing moment of 2018 for me so
far Haley what else would have been
embarrassing my life Jessica are you not
feeling well I'm sorry I shouldn't have
scared you though that was a bad husband
move right there this isn't feeling that
good we think her period is either you
say that either her period is coming
like tomorrow or or she's pregnant oh
I've been talking about it for a week
I'm like babe you might be pregnant and
that she's like getting your period
pains and I'm like I told you babe
you're back and you're pregnant I'm
telling you we'll see we'll see about
that
if you haven't noticed I love messing
with you guys about the whole us having
a kid thing like I think there was like
two or three posts in a row on Instagram
reading about it like Jess has baby
fever that is true actually just does
have ridiculous baby fever the lens
dirty hold on oh sorry
no I think we're good yeah I don't know
I just love judging guys about did you
hear that crying just talking with you
guys about just being pregnant - I was
late tail okay now that we gathered our
thoughts I think this is a good time to
sit down and talk about this so this has
been actually a thing that we've had to
talk about and discuss through our
relationship just as an act I don't so
it's not like a double standard here
it's like solely my problem and that is
how far would I go as like someone who
is in a relationship marry
christian-like has a set of beliefs and
the oils that I tried to live by how far
would I go for an activist the reason
why I'm talking about this is because
the show mr. student body president I
was shooting it last summer it premiered
back in November the shows have been
coming out and going 90 every every week
season two it's so good so but the
reason why I'm talking about this is
because in the show I think in the first
episode I and I don't cuss in real life
as season two I'm pretty sure like I
have the first cuss word of both season
one and season two my character is
different to Who I am in real life and
that's why I come in saying this cuz
people watch it and they're like oh my
gosh you're like swearing in this show
wait come on I'm forgetting something
right now and Jess is reminding me okay
sorry right before we started dating
like when we were talking in like you
know going on dates and stuff like when
I was making moves actually she made the
name of me she slid in it near the beams
we had a conversation about this very
topic right before I started dating you
because it was on my mind - because I
knew you're an actor and I wanted to
know like what you would do like in an
acting but in the show I cuss and that
is one thing like people asked me about
especially other questions are like so
what like would you kiss another girl
there like then it's like if you kiss
would you make out and then it like
escalates like what you do is seen in
your underwear this that we're in the
show I actually have my shirt off in a
few scenes which I'm comfortable having
my shirt off like I'd post picture to
make sure it off when we're at the beach
or at the pool or whatever that wasn't
something I would do but then it's like
what you do a scene and your underwear
and stuff like that as a believer in
Christ which I know a lot of our viewers
are of that same mindset the way I've
kind of drawn the line in my mind is
there's so my gosh there's so many ways
I can go about so with cussing itself
outside of it this is one thing like why
do people swear and why don't people
swear and is it not to swear raised in a
Christian household typically it's like
yeah you don't swear like that's bad the
reality is like why why is that bad you
know
yeah the way I've been able to justify
in my mind what is right and what is
wrong
through cussing is based on the verse
and the Bible I don't know exactly what
the passage is but it says just be
blameless before God and men being
blameless before God I'm pretty sure
knowing that the Holy Spirit is in me
and I feel when I do something wrong or
right addition I know that I could say a
cuss word and it wouldn't affect like my
relationship with God I don't think that
I would then like not be blameless
before God because when you look at
cussing like when we started dating this
is when I kind of first started thinking
about this as a whole when I started
dating Jess people in Australia will say
things that are considered like cuss
words here and then will say things that
are considered bad things there so like
saying like Daniel well the other day
yeah not not actually day but the one
but they consider that's like totally
fine like I heard pastor saying dang it
from the pulpit like while they're doing
a sermon and stuff like that and saying
what the hhe double hockey stick stuff
like that like that's totally fine in
Australia
have you never heard that one yeah so
that that's totally fine in Australia
yes is going to check on the food that
she's been cooking so then when that
kind of started going on in my mind wait
like is this wrong or right to say these
words like can i or can't I
it's different based on culture in the
reality of everything talking is just
like words that are being formed it's
different for every language like black
you know it's a
it's not a word but it could be a cuss
word you know what I mean like there's
no it's a very fine line I was like okay
well blameless before God man I'm pretty
sure I can say a cuss word and still be
be blameless before God like I didn't do
anything truly wrong blameless before me
so when you look at culture what does
culture identify as wrong and that is
kind of where I put the line of like
blames before man where if you do cuss
like people say like oh that's wrong
before God in man I want to be being
blameless before man and not cuss so
that's where I kind of justified I'm not
gonna cuss personally but in a TV show I
know that it's like not gonna internally
affect my relationship with God if I cut
it I'm playing another care writer wrote
that person and I happen to be the one
hire to make that person come to life
what happens is not a reflection on me
in the show we're then you're like okay
well if you kiss something that's not a
reflection you know the show of you in
real life what I'm going to say if you
kiss someone in an acting role that's
definitely a physical thing that you
will remember get X's or whatever like a
lot of you guys have probably kissed
someone in the past or whatever it is
you remember those things you remember
what it was like the kiss number can you
remember what it was you know what I
mean so even in an acting role like
you're still kissing someone you're
gonna remember that now I hate to lie in
a married relationship go out and kiss
someone and then come back to this
married relationship having that
experience in my mind so that's where
I've kind of drawn the line like I'm not
gonna do anything that my body will in a
sense physically remember that would
negatively affect my relationship with
Jess because ultimately that's so much
more important than any acting
thanks but I know the title you guys
probably thought it's actually kissing
so I'm not actually good as we just
wanted to talk about that subject it and
people have different like views on it
yeah even even in the Christian realm
people have just different standards so
we thought that'd be something
interesting to talk about because I know
that's something that you guys would
probably want to hear from our
perspective and how I think it's a the
interesting yeah I'm not an actor so you
know if someone's the user also it's
like would you play someone who's a drug
addict in a move in the answer is like
yes in the character that I'll be
playing is a drug addict and he's trying
to recover and there's a whole story
that he goes through and at the end you
know he comes there's a redemptive or to
it then yeah but if it's something
that's like glorifying being a drug
addict or if it's glorifying drugs or
anything like that then it's like no I'm
not gonna take that because like a
passion of the christ' and you got to
see another vein crazy movie but someone
had to play safe you know what I mean so
I think that's my spiel for today
but with that being said if you are
interested in seeing look should be
interested in seeing the show okay
that's freaking hilarious yeah it's
great I think mr. student body president
it's on the gonna in the app the link to
the latest episode will be in the
description below you can check it out
I'm in basically every episode for the
most part if you want to see me cuz it's
really weird to see guys it's really
even our managers when we saw the
premiere right when it like yeah they
were like what the heck
you speak of that language so with that
being said Jess and I are going to eat
some dinner and I think we're gonna log
off the blog we've been doing a little
bit of sit-down chit chats with you guys
because you guys said that you really
liked the Q&A though we sat down and
just yeah we'll start incorporating
these a little bit more into
our vlog it'll be vlogging and then
that'll talk with you guys and they love
you guys thank you for being part of
what we do supporting us in what we do
whether it's acting or merch or singing
or getting another dog or getting having
a baby getting pregnant we love you guys
subscribe to be a part of the best team
on the internet on team peace out and
Gabriel and Milo there is konzi
jazz made no I think we're good
