today I'm reviewing my favorite Holy
Grail bicep curl oh um it's made out of
styrofoam and metal and I just believe
it's really durable it's flat
minimalistic and the favorite I mean my
favorite um then my favorite part about
it is that it can be used for more than
one thing you can do the bicep curl you
can where you going
but you can also use it as a hat and
that's why it's my holy grail so I
really like that it's black it's quite
sweet I really feel like the aesthetic
really matches the rest of this
apartment okay
we're playing with the speech jammer up
because yes we're trying to work I'm
trying to get work done
me too oh you're not here you pulled up
this thing that what I don't know what
is it
it was speech de mama and basically what
you do is you put on headphones and as
you talk it repeatedly basically it has
a delay of what you're saying and it
worked and it puts it back into your ear
and it's meant to stuff up your words
but I'm killing it it's annoying me
because I'm not stuffing up so I'm gonna
try to get so he's gonna do the Pledge
of Allegiance but really like fast and
don't have a pause ready yeah
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America and to the
Republic of which it stands one nation
under God indivisible with liberty and
justice for all everyone killed
thank you very much I came it you were
like talking sorry loud and like I'm
sorry here on you try it you try it okay
go is that Edie they put over your heart
oh and you have the American flag on
your shirt I pledge allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America and
to the Republic for which it stands one
nation under God indivisible with
liberty and justice for all way to go
that's my first day no that one was good
so we're having a very productive work
day obviously as you can tell yeah oh it
you saw before just doing the on the
pull-up bar that jess has been doing
that with everything she finds anything
anywhere and then starts talking about
it like it's a YouTube review what is it
YouTube DIY reviewed favorite view of my
holy grail products
Jess oh my gosh oh oh oh my gosh
Jessica you crying I didn't like that at
all are you crying that was I'm
listening to like really loud music
right now I don't even give me a hug
okay I'm sorry sweetie are you okay yeah
yeah that really scared me it's pretty
funny though
yeah she's coming home oh my gosh um
that's like two times in a row where we
off to where I'm up to the Grove and
we're gonna do some shopping and oh no
sorry Roy at lunch
yeah first then the Grove I just meant
that whole thing up we're off to the to
have lunch then we'll go to the Grove to
go shopping
jess is dragging me along with her to do
some shopping so yeah she's excited I'm
actually excited that might do some
shopping but the thing is I only last
for like I'm like good for an hour that
I'm really tired of it where she can
have you last for a while I'm so
indecisive that I like she just sits
around a little - yeah just like this
I could be dead for a couple hours
so let's say I hope that doesn't happen
today cuz gesture said I have to be nice
to her in the vlog so thank you you're
welcome
say hi so as we were all walking by
right now to go to lunch we realized
that the first stop we made after
getting engaged was getting Froyo right
right there we're gonna stop for dinner
actually we're gonna go to the light
cafe that we're going to now but it was
way too packed yeah got it a walk out
and were like why don't we just get
frozen period oh no I asked I was like
wait you just want Froyo and she was
like she stopped it was like and Justin
just looked at me she did one these room
yeah so you know priorities priorities
best memory of being engaged Froyo wait
what is this cold
something just yeah yeah nostalgia
nostalgia just hit us like a frickin
racehorse we just ordered our food oh my
sitting at our table
and we look over to that table and we
realize that that's what one son
when did we said that it was out there
it was her first trip when we met and it
was the last night reward last night Wow
and we actually hung it should I find it
on Instagram yeah sorry some of you you
know you are there's like yeah it's a
couple there was a handful of people
that caught on to us very like before we
announced it because yeah because just
post up Gabe's jewelry right it was just
my hand nods and rings oh yeah but you
also posted a photo that night too and
they like put two and two together that
it was like your jacket yeah oh yeah cuz
I posted a photo that night of me in the
how fat I was wearing and then the photo
she posted just had let me find it real
quick
why do you post so much on it I can't
find this key oh I found it
misses it this is it right here and I
was I think they had different tables
then because that's a solid table but
yep that was right there though some of
you guys also caught on because Jess
posted this photo and tag me in it and
some of you saw it in my tagged photos
and we're like oh he went to Disney with
this chick just bow WA is my Australian
accent on point when we say something
can we talk about how so many people who
were like talking about our engagement
or calling her an Instagram model I am
NOT an Instagram model but there have
been I've seen like two or three
articles that have announced our
engagement as me being an Instagram
model I'm not complaining cuz if I were
to just look at her feed I would think
she was an Instagram I mean that's when
I fear no in the sense that she post
videos and sings and stuff like that is
does a much more than post pictures on
Instagram but based on your looks beam
I mean guys let's be real let's be real
if you look at my Instagram people which
is just powerful shout out like iron I
thought I don't post Instagram modely'
stuff
you don't you don't look nails yeah
there's like videos and flowers well
POTUS is Instagram modely I just don't
understand yeah that's true your
Instagram back up pull it back up right
now I have the greatest look like oh the
horror
no but go down to where we were before
excuse me
guys
oh that's sad okay
Oh what stop what stop why
what get in the car look up Jess when
you're so goals you stock yourself on
Instagram sweet I'm not what are you
doing I'm in my camera roll okay okay no
you're backwards now
so we have a huge problem we have a big
problem
um you wanna explain Jess you care to
explain basics not a problem well this
guy walked by and then just wanted to
say something to him out the window just
I put my window down I was like and
didn't say anything and all silent and
then she went on to say that my brain
doesn't work fast enough like I want to
say something funny and like the moment
and I'm like this is a good opportunity
say something funny but she always
thinks of it like a minute later she'll
be like oh and it say something be like
I liked what was out boy and she was
like that for the thing that bad day so
probably in like 30 seconds I think it's
like really funny to say that I could
have said to that man crossing the road
but my brain is just so slow sometimes
oh my goodness this is so pretty
my just looking at some magazines yeah
Jamel casually I'm shirtless in one
figures that's so crazy this is the
first time I've ever like been in
magazine that's pretty crazy in touch
pick it up at your local newsstand
somewhere we're in but Sandoval veteran
Jess Jess is like I go I put it back and
just like we have to buy it and I'm like
wait are you serious
it actually is pretty crazy it's pretty
cool being a magazine that's really
weird
but it's a cool and awesome I don't know
it's interesting it's different right
you know be a great thumb now what is if
you got me standing there looking like I
was miserable in Sephora when really
human guts thumbnail there we go
clickbait ah so we have finished
shopping we finished shopping this
basically how it goes down we get to
where we go we split up I do my shopping
like really fast and get what I need
really quickly jess is very indecisive
she wanders around and I end up with
everything that I need before she's
gotten one thing so that I got her I'm
like okay Jess I'm done let's go and she
goes oh puppy I'm not done shopping yet
it's like I was trying to reverse it
because the whole time leading up to
this conversation she was making fun of
me of wanting to leave really quickly
before he doesn't want to wait for me
hi this when did I babe come on don't
don't lie on the vlog as soon as he's
finished something he wants to like move
right along like why the work today yeah
he just happened to finish a little bit
before me and as soon as he finished he
was like come on like let's go
I'm like sweet you were just working
like let me finish isn't like a big baby
I'm just so quick
yes like I was like sweet home on our
address he's just not patient enough a
patient there's not much shopping or
work more life their life goodbye you
guys see you in the next vlog I just
like I think I hit my head with your car
it's like trying to kiss a thing
locations
