another day another clock Dana the dream
another time to be alive sorry good
morning or good afternoon or good
evening overnight it is almost noon time
to sell more tea for us so full second
floor good morning
so gaben and got us some Starbucks
drinks and I texted him what I wanted
and I said Kim please ask for an extra
skip we do of caramel yeah did you ask
for an extra skip leader no because I'm
pretty sure no one on earth knows what a
skiddly do means so I just asked for a
little bit extra caramel that was my
little bit extra here that's what I said
and I'm disappointed because they gave
her a lot they didn't give her a
skimming and like she requested yes it's
all your fault pretty much yeah I just
saw kind of we are on our way to
Missouri in that what's that some I'm on
my way to misery and happiness today
it's really about that uh-huh uh-huh
uh-huh uh-huh
tell them what's simple sweet boy we're
on our way to the department of water
and tell no we are on our way to
Universal Studios we're on our way to
Universal Studios which is um it's the
first time we've gone together well the
first time I've ever gone first time
we've gone together just went there once
the first time she was in town
because she was planning to do it and I
wanted to go with her but I couldn't
because I had stuff happening that day
and that was when we were that was
around the time when we were first
kindling my flame alone um so we are
going to have a really fun day mm-hmm
it's gonna be great it's gonna be lit
fam do you have to say that in every
flow every vlog it's got to become a
thing only just arrived we just kind of
we're still up sighs actually sought to
find out where parking is for Universal
but that was the largest burp I may have
ever done my camel lodges the largest
affirm oh that was a lodge that was a
large so I've come up with she doesn't
want me to say instead of instead of lit
fan she wants me to say spider-man
I love spider-man
hey hey I love em hey I love I don't
know I had it coming you liked the idea
of spider-man and like the action the
superhero yes of him not the you're
actually bluffing
no that'd be weird on like that no I
love me love babe
Thanks yeah we're pretty gross so take
people probably watch that they were
like wow
why'd you put that in the vlog yeah I
don't even we're talking about but we're
going to park and have a litter
what day I'm lit fam day what day a
little day I know what are you meant to
say instead o a spider-man day that just
sounds weird and stupid we're gonna go
into the park and have a real spider-man
day so yes it is spider-man
hear what I said sorry I was sorry I
said spider-man you're welcome okay yep
we're here at our premiere event we're
about to walk the red carpet it's going
to be freakin spider-man
just is so excited she's literally
dragging me around right now we just got
done with our first ride of the day the
restrooms the line was it was pretty
long and what was really frustrating is
we had we had the path passes but they
didn't even have a fast pass waiting for
us which was like the worst thing I'm
scared Rocky
The Walking Dead
when you have Fast Pass tickets but jess
was so excited she got including line
that she knows in the remaining out
waiting in the normal line oh my gosh
what the frickin crap was that this is
the most stressful thing I've ever seen
in my life
oh gosh
economy didn't have fast pass for a
craft no it's so scary
you're still shaking her hand is still
shaking it's so quite scary why did we
do that usually I like adrenaline in my
editor getting
no that was how Dracula how are you that
was a stupidest idea ever
whose idea was going into that I ran
into that you're so excited she's like
what is it I might get to walking dead
it's like zombies and stuff but she's
like oh as soon as we went in I was like
like well right away we didn't even film
this parks I had it off we walk in like
okay is this what is this is it still
the line in a freaking guy jumps out
from a door Rick Rick Rick oh there I
don't think they're allowed to go - lets
go - um sort of fun land yeah let's go
to fun land now instead I think that's a
good idea
just look look I never seem 1z nice
onesie dude this wagon would be flavors
fast past front of the line lanyards
which we didn't realize we needed at the
beginning but
fashion statement it tells people hey
look we're kind of important so get out
of our way we want to go to the front of
the line it doesn't say that oh yeah it
sounded really weird and not
we don't mean it was just a joke guys
I'm Roli joking all just use the
Fastpass skimming Kimi it Oh what is
that whatever is like don't put one on
so apparently we're supposed to be
minions on this ride and we didn't bring
our minions can we just talk about that
ride yeah it was really cool but my
bladder is so full cuz I have worse
sweat most inconvenient bladder on the
face of Europe yeah it's the worst
so as the ride it was like a simulator
and it was like shake and jolt and do
these things and my bladder was just
consistently in trauma the whole entire
time so our next next searches for the
bathroom I guess again or my gosh I mean
Harry Potter world
we're in line to get funded me a
butterbeer come here first I'm trying
someone just like hi-yah relations on
your engagement that's so cool that like
she congratulated us engage I'm excited
to try butter beer it's not an actual
beer right there's like kids in line so
I'm pretty sure it's are you ready first
time trying butter beer it is the what
version is is the slushie version of
hundred shares Mademoiselle
it's pretty bomb pretty bomb must say
he's very sugary though I feel like I'll
go through half of it
- Gary
ish like it's good it's very we could
have
we realized something our outfits are
exactly
in that gray shirt gray shirt why black
sketch I'm wearing a black skirt just
like Jess gray black black and that
miner almost wife but like white wine
when your goals is prick
beep
we wanted to get a good Instagram
picture because we're one we're in Harry
Potter world - and drinking but via
there's a baby crying and before we're
matching matchy matchy so we were
looking around for like awesome yeah
especially here in like touristy areas
because you get some
like an old dude he's gonna be taking
photos of like the floor yeah yeah the
photos were like he gets like from the
shoulders out in the whole rest of the
photo is just like a wall so you don't
you don't want that we were looking
around there's like a girl posing from
Bono we like she from the lunch she
probably has a good feed we're gonna ask
her to take the protocol so we did well
done that was that's a Jessa she was
like we should ask her I'll take a photo
for us it she probably knows her she
ditched it's a bomb photos it so a
follow us on Instagram
link in the description where to the
wise if you're getting butterbeer and
there's two of you just got one how much
I have she's I misunderstood she's done
and so am i and I haven't even finished
me there oh really
an abyss mining no the Lighting's good
I kind of want to vomit though from the
butterbeer like it's great but it just
it's sickly sweet you know it's lit when
you're fast past in Harry Potter world
okay me
okay that's suggesting his son Lau's a
darkest ride I've ever been on in my
life it was so it was so fun but a tip
of advice if you ever here don't drink
butter beer before going on a very hot a
ride there's three points for always
like like like like like oh yeah we're
going on a tour thing I didn't know it
was just in your before infection little
bit you up love it so we're doing that
that's what we're doing right now I feel
really sick from that Harry Potter ride
because that butter beer is just like I
know me in my stomach
oh wait drink way more than I did I did
which was not a good idea well we I
didn't know that we were going on that
ride directly after
and I didn't even know the ride was like
as
most likely
as it was but hopefully I'll just rest
sitting on a tram I will get over that
if the shuttle bus or train yeah it's
were in America we call it a train on my
chest
it shrinks raelians am i right by going
on the train Oh she'll this fancy got
you girl
come on soon know something stupid
ballet baby that's Natsu Valley I call
fake I call fake it's raising there it's
not here to have a tramp spoiler they're
lying
it doesn't message their line about the
have some burgers and okay we just had
to go come on say hi someone from
Brisbane which is really cool I really
have to wear this
but yeah we're going to have some again
and we got off that ride so yeah I call
it right this shitty the tour but it was
pretty cool cuz the tram goes into like
different like it takes around the
studios and whatever stuff like that but
then it's like you for instance yeah
like movies that were filming sup and
then it brings you into these like ride
areas where the tram kind of hooks up to
the machinery and then it like you put
on these 3d glasses and it shakes in
this it's like a so much water spray oh
actually an ass like I think our seat we
were on the far right and a certain row
and it was directed towards us every
single time we were gonna it's very sick
of it by the end of were like stop
spraying us with water but overall was
really cool less than the nauseous
feeling that I had didn't go away
because it because that was a really
shaky ride - it happened like three or
four times drop the whole tour
we're sitting down now all right yeah
yeah in the favorite we've actually met
so many people today we have we have a
lot of met a lot of people yeah I think
I don't know it's really cool meeting
people who like you your videos and
support yourself like that yeah it's
cool like seeing people from Brisbane
where she's from meet us all the way
over here just really it's a really cool
thing so thank you guys for watching if
you ever see us around in public no good
way to say hey I think we love it love
it love you guys you guys are awesome
and so much for supporting us and yeah
we gonna eat we're gonna eat sweet we
never wanted to fun land
yeah we did no we didn't we there we
went to the ride that was right outside
yeah sweet this not much more to go like
let's go this way come on
go to fun layouts we come on
amen
reenacting conversations that we just
have for the vlog is very difficult come
on we legit do that that one boy
no no cuz okay okay go if I am like in
the middle of saying something or just
like in the middle of being hilarious
like what today like he'll be like who's
like other way put let me go get the
clothes come on it's not again I'm like
suing it like let me just like that's
exactly what I do like whenever there's
something well no because I want it to
be as natural as possible but if I know
it's going to be funny
I say pause what you're saying I'm going
to start filming start over say what you
just said and then keep saying what
you're going to say cuz it's probably
going to be funny and I will laugh at it
that's my thought process there so what
happened with that conversation we just
had
is it was kind of funny and she was
laughing at me because I was grumpy and
everything got a Funland and I was like
you know let's just try and reenact it
for the vlog you know hooray for
scripted vlogs am i right
you're I'm confident it's groovy music
some curvature
drop the money
we're going in the mummy another rookie
move don't eat a burger before going on
the mummy good idea I was gone only the
Transformers then I think after your
burger my burger yeah really I only ate
a hot bag so I the rest of it I mean I
feel fine but during the ride it was a
little it's still fun there's a lot of
family it was really cool then you go
back for the last men leaving would we
be well we have to reenact what I did at
the beginning
goodbye Universal Studios twas a good
day
am i right it was good you have any last
words
yeah no it was great yeah I don't think
nope it was a lot of fun can I hold it
yeah it was a lot of there was a lot of
fun um it was very pink from Florida I
have we have Universal Studios there and
it's like bigger and has more rides and
stuff so a lot of the stuff was kind of
like repeats just duplicates of what was
there but there was like new stuff that
I hadn't seen like the minions stuff
yep so it was really good kiddo but it
was a lot of fun okay are you okay yeah
oh man scared it's okay
it was a good day so we hope you enjoyed
this I hope you enjoyed the Mullaney see
you next time peace out from yes
and Gabe is that gonna be our thing nine
eight okay
all right Amy we'll figure it out yeah
god bless what it's becoming a thing
what why I'm filming you you freaking
cowgirl oh come in
