we're going on a trip on your favorite
rocket ship zooming through so again
sorry alright here we go here we go
we're going on a trip in our favorite
rocket ship zooming through the skies
later alright snot science that's done
oh oh and look who's here
jesse is the cerebellar power the jet
lag is hanging you very hard
she's so jet-lagged she was from Sicily
- listen I don't we all though don't we
all we're going to the pool it's a pool
then you guys ready so ready you're
ready sisters I have a ivo got a package
just wanted to push me in really bad are
you gonna let me yeah what I'm going in
anyway okay where can I put this in okay
but you can't push me into because I'm
just doing my talk well this is cuz it's
it's kind of dumb and pointless because
it's a plan pushing okay this isn't
staged hi sweet oh this isn't a stage I
love you so much
you thought wasn't a procedure you know
do you ever get paranoid so paranoid
that your phone is in your pocket still
you don't never my girls don't have
pockets and you're a genius the pool is
so nice yo Jess yes coming
now it's focused by Mike so wait what
what is the program P we're not sure
what this vlog is gonna be about we
think it's gonna be like a mix of two
days mm-hmm put into one because we're
gonna start doing it yesterday cuz today
we're thinking that we like film a vlog
post a vlog film about like day to day
do that so every second day every second
day and then maybe take a day off so
like three times a week and then like do
film Monday post Tuesday film Wednesday
just got a haircut today sorry I was
just looking at it oh you were yeah so
we think that this vlog is going to be a
mix of today and tomorrow
yeah so like tomorrow would technically
be our data film but I was like we're
going to the pool I think we got some
good blog footage the pool is eventful I
think we went in the hot tub pretty long
right there stay still No lift your
hands up lift your hands up
Hey that is so funny
I don't know what else to say except
that it's such a nice day out and
tonight basically I kind of tell him
what we have going on we're going out
dinner yeah with my cousin who's in town
he lives in Georgia in Atlanta Georgia
his name is Reggie and we're going to
meet him I don't know if ov vlog with
him I hate like having to pick around
the camera yeah put it in people's faces
and then tomorrow were actually meeting
with Jacko's parents we're having lunch
with them yeah because they ran attacked
about Jack oh he's so in Australia and
Jack his parents are in town and Jack
was like he was like boy Haga my my
parents want to meet you anybuggy we're
doing that what else we doing tomorrow
um church at night yeah I think so but
like we'll probably figure something out
something fun to do yeah yeah well let
you guys know in the morning when we
plan our day we're waiting for my cousin
to call us we abruptly left the pool by
the way because I got a call yeah I know
I'm waiting for another call for my
cousin to call let us know I'll go pick
him up yeah there's a lot of phone calls
going on but we've decided to outlaw
this thing because jess was just uh what
is it called um I don't know I I just
remember we did it as kids a lot and so
I wanted to see if gang knew it I have
no idea what it is it's Australian I'll
show ya if you're American to know this
then I just felt a being a Mary motive
this is that camera man this is our
camera girl a camera woman hello says
Bauer hello love please comment down
below if you've done this before
I don't even know what the crap is thing
is okay ready it feels weird I got
chills off that we did it by the way is
that it definitely that's a vinyl okay
okay
walking through the forest x marks the
spot
dot dot dot
stop - duck spider crawling out from
that vacuum snake but see on the next
jewelry's tight squeeze oh that was so
fun yeah please
I loved it I loved it so much I loved it
so I don't know this is really random
while we're waiting here instead of
tickling each other's back and doing
patty-cakes on each other
I've decided Jess okay guys this is
something that I've just just please
come on take this seriously this is
something that I learned ages ago and
just now I decided to try it again so
here I only know the first bit of it but
here goes
Wow okay why are we sucking
I drank E I tried
Jessie like you just tell me that I do
okay you did amazing thanks babe yeah I
failed what I used to know back when I
was probably about 15 and I second it
so all right for getting better am i
right
are you zooming in my face you got it
yeah high five
you're pro I used to be a little ass
yeah she's getting better isn't she so
much better so much better that was
record timing if you were in the
Olympics for the inability to take pills
people you would have won mm-hmm
so yesterday look out come on Luke
Sheils little says she's your big sister
she stopped Jess she's your big sister
and she's my age I know how we're how
young and you're dating an old man what
yesterday my sister was trying to nail
light Gabe's accent and I was like oh
I'll show you this is how he answers the
phone stop you're making fun of me right
now
hello give me this give me this I don't
know what you guys are in get about it
did you just do the Dingling noises
about God hey go do it again do it again
okay go hello
that's how you sound but what hello
what's so funny about it though it's
like loud and American and like your
accents so strong when you answer the
phone answer the phone tell me what you
do
hello yeah all right take the camera I'm
done so um we didn't mention this but
today is tomorrow if you're watching the
vlog all consecutively um and we are on
our way to meet Jacko's parents without
Jacqueline without Jack oh so that's
always fun meeting your friends parents
so we're going to Hollywood you're going
to Hollywood
and I'm sorry I'm so like a lot too much
I'm sorry he literally talks 24/7 so
we're going to Hollywood and we're
taking Sarah and did you hear what you
just said it's just history Tercel Megan
I totally feel like the houses Sarah
yeah yeah I'm sorry Wiggly I want to
look at somebody who's gonna let me told
no but like these houses are totally
American like look at this one on the
right here and then like on the left
this one with a picket fence
that's like America right Martha mirka
so we're going to Hollywood and um we're
going to take Sarah to see the stars the
Walk of Fame
yes um and where are we having lunch in
an arcade what we don't know yet we're
gonna decide we're thinking Dave and
Buster's because there's an arcade there
and they have a Mario Kart arcade thing
which if you saw the last vlog you know
we wanted to play Mario Kart but we
couldn't cuz we didn't get the TV so we
can battle the Mario Kart there but who
knows where we're gonna eat
you might to chick-fil-a what what you
laughing at why are you guys laughing
sorry
yeah you guys making I win oh goody why
are you guys making fun of me not
everything's about you I'm just trying
to play the victim here all right babe I
really want to go to chick-fil-a and get
a chicken bag of chicken sandwich it's a
chicken burger guys I get why you guys
think it's a chicken burger but yeah on
the on the building it says original
chicken sandwich that's the chicken back
Oh Americans icon I am tired of your
sass I'm tired of your attitude and I'm
sick and tired of you calling
chick-fil-a sandwiches frickin chicken
burger and I'm tired of you mimicking me
all the families oh look the Hollywood
Walk of Fame
oh you're getting butterflies so um we
just had if you can hear us we just had
lunch with jackals
such lovely people
yeah they were all like they were all
major just like Jack oh it's so great
seeing them and coffee a but
I'm about to kick their butts when an
Arcadian baby
get to it
you guys probably already know this
Oh
all right here we go
oh don't be
big dog to the bananas Oh
yes
the wall
guys you know I was at a disadvantage
all right I just want to let you guys
know yeah hey hey
my me Oh Samia
a little grown-up obviously I had a good
start
but the game was against my favorite
items
character
she got 9 points I got 26 yes got 32 why
are you so good at this crap
who is your sister
are you freaking kidding me
I paid for this
I just wanted those and we didn't even
film it she just gestured Jess just beat
the both of us at the stupid motorcycle
game
look at the look on her face look at the
look on her face the look of mischief
and are you happy yeah we're playing
Mario Kart again and I'm going to get
your but they can't be omit though
because all three of us are client-side
we'll see how this goes
check in second
wait well I want what do you want that
way I was I guess so I'm pretty sure
that my crush not a fan
please dislike this video
my house
look at me god we just left it look what
we got Oh goals goals am i right goals
now what do we can into star we do the
storms yeah we're gonna go to the Walk
of Fame I want to go just as your
favorite and cuddle what that's your
favorite I'm allergic to them mom dad
say hi to the vlog she's good sure
Thank You sweet okay I don't care about
myself in the back no well Sara Sara
guys Sara sitting in the front seat
because she got a little motion sickness
so so now I'm in the back by myself
ending the vlog by myself of you I would
hold your hand if I wasn't what that's
kind of dangerous but thanks for
watching guys thanks for watching thanks
for watching our vlog non-success
subscribe to me yeah real guys thanks
for watching and yeah we'll see you next
time
in our next vlog which will be in a
couple days
yes bye
Hey
