so we are going on a date today so our
first stop is naturally the supermarket
to get her some sunscreen because she's
Australian no wearing and white oh oh
yeah we're dropping where we're going on
a date Sarah is going to we're dropping
her off on a hike and she's going hiking
by yourself cuz Jess and I are going on
a date we would love to take you Sarah
today is Friday today is Friday we're on
our way to Laguna Beach yep is we're
having a date estate and it's a far
Drive it's over an hour it's actually
like an hour and a half a little bit
longer than I expected at this time of
the day but the reason why we're going
to look in the beach is because I was
with a buddy of mine who lives down in
the area he lives in Newport which is
like right next door and um I was there
hanging with him like to tell you two or
three weeks ago and he was like showing
me cool spots and areas and something I
was like yo this is so sick I need to
take Jess here you're not me you're just
filming yourself so I was actually
telling you that day I was like I want
to take you down
yeah so remember that today is a day
that we make them up so I can agree hang
out friggin look we're gonna go get some
gonna be late
no we're gonna go sit on a cliff
yeah no there's just like cool spots
that are very beautiful um where you can
see the ocean and the beach and like
like cliff II type areas I guess you'd
say so yeah you can oh I guess that's
all okay my that was a long time it took
how much longer did it take ah I was
planning to be here about like 3:30
it's 451 so it took a while took the
wrong turn GPS that kind of stuffed it
all up yeah that really did it made the
drive 30 minutes longer we were already
running late regardless but I think
we're good we just want to make the
sunset later so we want to eat and make
the sunset so we're gonna put the vlog
camera down go eat and then we'll catch
you when we go do that
you
I know you'll always be the apple of my
eye
so I pick you a flower
if your life
I know you'll always be the stars up in
my sky
so I pick you a flower if you're like
she loves me she loves me now she said
she loves me I know now that she'll
always love me love me all the time
I know you'll always be the apple of my
eye
so I pick you a flower if you're lying
I meet you down by the end of the road
where the Suns had closed in the garden
brawl I got one pair of shoes with 20
holes in the toes and I can walk 20
miles just to get to those blue eyes and
if you smile for me and not to my
surprise I would stay for a while to see
what comes next
we can take off our clothes and now
hello conversations in French
I know you'll always be the apple of my
eye so I pick you a flower if you're
like
know you'll always be the stars up in my
sky so I pick you a flower if you're
lying
she loves me she loves me now she said
she loves me I know now that she'll
always love me love me all the time
cannot you'll always be the apple of my
eye so I'll pick you a flower if your
life
roses are red and violets are blue but
it's true I'd be too I don't have you
so I chilled up on a hill picking
daffodils make your wishes about you
mrs. I know you'll always be the apple
of my eye so I pick you for ever if
you're like
