so we weren't going to start this second
vlog of me moving until later until I
got to the new apartment but look who
decided to stop by he did Beatrice in
Francia and they Wow digester that
backwards Beatrice in France yeah
and they uh they found they found where
I live and decided to stop by for the
last day hey hey hey hey what's up guys
going on oh and she DC oh yeah legit
his hers and as a key the heart to the
key they got him for us
you guys are goals so you know things
happen we are about to head over with
the truck here and put all our crap in
the new apartment and and the truck
decides that the battery wants to be
dead and we have to jump the freaking my
houses in they're currently in this
truck so that's what's that's what's
going on and I know what you guys are
thinking about the title Gabriel you and
Jess Jess is moving to America with you
know that the titles totally click say
technically technically we are moving to
like together like she's helping me move
I've mirror and we are doing the process
of moving together but she's not moving
to America we got it started we got it
started baby yes
way to go home let's do this thing let's
move how do you feel about that I don't
know anything about cars
we're like pulling it out putting up the
jumper cables or shop and just so we
made it to the new spot look at all
those boxes and look at Jess over there
you don't want to be in it you started
it without me what what is that what
does that matter what yes it's our vlog
channel but angry yeah but we we started
like the vlog arrived at the beginning
of the day guys she's not feeling that
love thing to say the week jet lag is
getting the best of her and girl stuff
at the time of the month if you know
what I mean so just it should we give
them like a little tour of what why are
you making fun of me you holding way
wrong ahead you you have your phone in
the other hand right give them a little
tour from the beginning of the from the
entrance of the house it's not really
done yet it's not oh it's not done at
all this is like pre apartment house
tour like this is what you're getting
the sneak peek view of what we're moving
into and then I guess what we why do I
say we you're not moving in she's not
moving in but let's be real eventually
eventually when I decide to put a ring
on Jeana why look this is me I know
you come in what's your reasoning bunny
am I allowed to do that in vlogs comment
down below sweet you could do that
morning my boldness
okay so entrance of the house you see it
just show them awesome
mmm okay entrance of the house walk in
we have the kitchen and a big giant
clock on there Oh model foot kitchen
area right here you have like living
room over here Jesse want to model the
living room
woo woo yeah I mean okay no but what's
legit is that the people who moved here
before gave me this table for very very
cheap and it's like a really good dining
yeah it's really a nice dining room
table but also the problem with that is
because they gave me a couch which if
you come look over here in the okay
we'll skip all this and come back to it
but if you come over here right we have
the guest bedroom good stuff good stuff
they gave me this couch doesn't match
any of the other color scheme that I'm
going for
but they asked me yo do you want to keep
a pull-out couch I was like oh that'd be
great had people come say with me all
the time and um yeah be great place that
put them an extra spare room on and it
is an ugly looking couch to say the
least so not sure what we're doing with
that one thing that I did want about the
house I was like a lot of closet space
in even in the guest bedroom the walk-in
closet is pretty massive with a lot of
like hangers and stuff
of course the pull-up bar cuz I can do
one-handed on try doing the one-handed
pull-up you write for this be Oh and now
you don't have to do one-handed no I'm
holding it no no I'm gonna do one here
okay well it's like half were here
grenadiers swoll yeah what's that
ah WWE WWE okay so there's the guest
bathroom it's pretty lit just get back
here
Justin Gabriel vlog channel we have to
do this together is about that it's
about them pretty basic we have yeah
this is facility somewhat Chrisman if we
continue through the rest of the house
we see they're going to pass the area
that we already showed you here and go
into the master bedroom
don't wrong this is the walk-in closet
to the left here good stuff yeah that's
basically it
okay anyway look at this look this I
don't know if you guys already finish
it's not that exciting there's nothing
going on like the paintings just sitting
here um bad yeah cuz this is totally
your bedroom right
it's much thank you very much we have a
bathroom here what's good
ah that's our that's our little spot
here oh you wanna show me the porch
patio you're you the waving you should
okay I the best honorable the hold bins
part of the whole house Oh might not
thank you sweet Oh what did Jen what a
gem isn't she gentleman knee slapper so
yeah this is like we got a little
balcony thing we it's not me I have a
little balcony thing I really need to
stop saying me it goes to this part to
hear which that is the living room back
there but like this is the big
and then you can see the pool and stuff
over there and it's pretty lit look Pham
no stop saying that
so yeah I was just was like just a
saying hey you can't like say stuff like
that in the vlog like going all future e
on on the viewers and stuff like that
and I was like well what if like we got
to be real then like what if someone
asked like how many kids do you want the
future I wouldn't be afraid to answer
that and then she's like why what would
your answer be it's like I don't know
like minimum four she was like what
would you what's your minimum to you
mean three reporter I came from a family
with four kids
I'm from three yeah but I'd really
enjoyed like having a lot of us I think
it was fun minimal can I have two gonna
have to work on this one minimum t2
that's like not having any kids well
okay not one one I know when I'm a dad
I'm gonna be like gosh one is enough but
like and conceptually like in the future
I think gosh I think like when I'm old
how many kids do I want how like what do
I see my family as for therefore that's
what is it what I'm changing my mind
gee she's very indecisive as you go yeah
yes time out time out time out time out
alright so she goes she just after we
put the camera off after I stopped
recording she goes she puts her hand on
my shoulder and goes Bubbe three minimum
not four
and I'm like okay fine but six maximum
know why not imagine a house full of
little Justin Gabriel running around
everywhere no I think when I just went
super futuring on them just drop a
future bomb like not six what happens if
we ended up having six children and then
when we're married of course six
children and then the sixth child sees
this footage of this vlog when he's
older and is like a while my mom didn't
want me my mom didn't want a sixth try
you're gonna you're gonna have to carry
that burden for the rest of your ride or
not even married yet we're not even
engaged this conversation is like for a
manager it's a funny conversation we're
not having guests
sorry yet of course not yet number a
long time there's a lot of things that
have to come before that this man party
always touch my face sorry
ah so read what you need to talk I feel
like well well I don't you just said
stop the blog I don't know what your
history that's true
what we're doing now just update you
guys and I guess we'll sign off right
after this is uh
we're gonna eat for one thing cuz
freaking starving but I have to give the
keys back to the people no okay
time out well I'm out one thing is that
I scheduled for the cable people in the
internet people to come and set that up
in my apartment today and guess who
didn't decide to show up they cable it
and what did you say the cable and
internet but what how did you know Jess
anyway what we're doing now we're gonna
eat but then we have to give the keys
back nobody cares to my old apartment oh
okay anyway back to me ties so I have to
I have to bring the key back to my old
apartment it was kind of sad leaving
there earlier because like just was more
sad than I was for sure but um yeah but
I I kind of did up because she know she
was legit tearing up she was like I was
a bit sad but it's that time of the
month
okay I was sad because quick I was just
I does memories that yeah like we hold
our heat the first time holding hands
together was there and stop stuff like
that so just a lot of I don't know I
just don't like saying goodbye in
general see you're saying goodbye to an
apartment I guess this is where we will
sign off because we're about to go in
and eat some good food
that couple I'm so tired okay anyway
we'll see you guys next thanks for
watching
alright we need to really get better at
these outros anyway peace out guys what
was it that we're going to do peace out
from Jess and Gabriel right that's what
we did last time did we yeah yeah you
had just got off the plane no so you're
related I had to get it I had to get one
in I had to get one in I didn't even
want ah you want me to do
alright here we go are you okay sorry
yeah
pieces from yes am I do I say my name I
got it this okay
alright well just say goodbye now
goodbye
