the Bible Oh bye lovie
oh I can't now you're on speaker oh say
hello hello son I'm taking my cure the
airport you suck yeah I know I'm not
gonna cry I want to celebrate not three
I'm vlogging now you can say hello yeah
hello
vlogs you call me to see this ball yeah
I hope I sleep
security to my gate I bought very soon
hopefully it'll be more now pick it up
very tough
right now
so jess has been on the plane for about
I don't know the watch on but probably
like three hours now and it sucks cuz I
can't talk to her until she lands
tomorrow morning when I go got it from
the airport so I thought naturally what
would be a good way they'd let the time
pass so I was like oh let me FaceTime my
other Australian friend hey what's up yo
bros what is up Jesse
Gabriel first vlog and I'm on it so um
yeah I just wanted to start the vlog
tonight and let you guys know what's
going on basically just probably already
did I have no idea what she said on her
part of the vlog but um Jacko's dancing
in the background and uh yeah I'll see
you guys in the morning when I go to
pick Jess up from the airport I'm so
freaking excited
hey those dabs though wipe my voice just
first upstairs is loud oh my gosh it is
540 7 a.m.
but I get to see Jess I'm not even
complaining about waking up early I'm
gonna shower and head over to the
airport to get her honey coffee oh my
gosh beautiful day clear skies and my
first order of business is obviously not
get Jess it's to get some coffee baby
let's go get Jess so typically when Jess
comes here it takes her forever to get
through customs and stuff like that so
I'm normally waiting at the airport for
like a long time before she gets out so
I was like Oh leave a little later this
time and get there on you know a little
after she'll and so I'm not waiting
around for such a long time and I leave
a little later traffic gets worse and it
doesn't gonna be there 45 minutes after
she lands so if she happens to get
through quickly this time uh I'm gonna
be late to pick up my girlfriend I suck
let's hope I'm there on time fingers
crossed
yep love you Jess if I'm late to pick
you up so December so you know all good
things happening here just my gas tank
decided that it wanted to be empty now
but I think we're good because it says I
have 32 miles left in the tank
only seven miles left in the trip
hopefully I don't break down in the
middle of the trip here and can't get
Jess because that would suck but I don't
think that's gonna happen pretty sure
we're good
uh-uh stressful stressful I just want to
see my girlfriend I just want to get
Jess that's all I want to do right now
his buddies Jess
yo I made it I freakin made it jess is
the only few customs now or something
like that she's about to get out I just
texted and I was like hey sorry I'm late
I should plug this button so I can
concentrate I was like hey sorry I'm
late sweet yeah I was running late
traffic whatever and she's like oh no
it's fine I'm not even out yet so I was
like Frick yeah I made it on time
I'm officially not a screw-up of a
boyfriend haha uh yeah so I can cross
the street then I think we're good I can
see my girlfriend
so let's freakin go I get to see Jax
whoo that fancy footwork though come on
I just making I'm making a fool of
myself people are watching me across the
street
loser anyway I gotta see Jess Jess I
think is here somewhere where where she
where she she said she's going up the
ramp
yes I see
get this trick over hello um we shut the
cameras off because we thought it would
it was awkward filming ourselves
I don't know while we're hugging each
other just straight over here but she's
back she's back she's back
hello
maybe like an iron along no way yeah so
you're like I'm five hours of sleep from
yesterday yeah but the fridge is good
she didn't get stopped by customs this
time last time she came come what
happened last time last time I came I
got stopped by customs
okay early what I just said no but she
was in there for like 30 minutes and are
interrogating her like she is right
Carrie oh my gosh I was so anxious that
I got 9 others like oh my god they guys
think I'm a criminal well not that you
are you here in Los Angeles if you're in
America okay okay I have your bag I have
your purse gentlemen
no I got it sighs guess who's back back
again um so that was I've never done
that before filming when we saw each
other I didn't think my clip is usable
you just traveled back in time she left
Australia at uh what was it 11 a.m. yes
on September first and she's in America
at 8:00 a.m. on September 1st science
what was that what were we gonna tell oh
I was gonna welcome to our vlog channel
everybody can we come up with hey I come
up with a theme song you know that uh
new gal hunt thank you thank uh it's
just
Gabriel is that couple it's just real
welcome to our vlog channel um I think
what we're gonna be doing is the long
game hey the way it's gonna work is
we're probably just cuz obviously we're
long distance so when we're together
we're gonna be vlogging all the time not
sure if we're gonna do like every day
every other day three times a week we
just we're gonna kind of be honking at
me how do you think it's at you we're
gonna be posting like when we can we're
just gonna be filming editing as life
goes on when we're together and when
we're apart just cry just gonna suck
don't ya you when we're together you'll
be seeing lots of content lots of vlog
and it's gonna be lit fan is it not ah
you don't like saying plan yeah but you
go like lit fam well the a I got it from
Jacko y'all I got the funniest clip of
Jacko
um at the beginning of the vlog who's
facetiming me last night yeah before I
went to sleep I can't wait for you to
see it they've already seen it
technically not yet but they've already
seen it thank you for watching watching
why do you always do thank you for
watching if you're already subscribed
before we even posted this video you are
the real one all I think we're at like
14 or 15 thousand subscribers you are
MVP just stop cleaning like me you're
making here I'm just puttering underhand
this
you're the one making fun of me now I
would yeah you were you're teasing
thanks for watching y'all see you next
time how are we gonna rock why are you
laughing
finishing burger thanks for watching
y'all
so what's our outro thank you guys for
watching we'll see you in the next vlog
peace out from Jess jams
is that how we're gonna have it yeah
okay I
