oh this is happening three two one
dark another day another day there we go
starting the vlog you know who I need
help training hey yeah here we go
husband goals am i right lady and make
sure the baptistry working with some
dangerous tools yesterday just burned a
cap off of this I don't know what that
is but she burned it
it's my heat protecting spray I had a
plus for being a beauty guru oh it's
Sarah laxing when you clear my head dang
it I was trying not sure what's up Katya
how are you guys doing best team on the
Internet two things are happening today
first we are going and getting something
to interior decorate the house we're
getting the guest bedroom all set up
because we have a very very special
guest coming at the end of the week it
has been way too long and he's staying
with us I'm sure I think yes yes it
comment down below do you think it is
anyway I've never sent anywhere no way
it's like anyway also we ended up buying
this little mechanism so Jess as she
gets on her periods I say babe let me
take that paint for me he really does
you know we thought it'd be really funny
for him to experience some pain we were
like oh let's get like a period pain
simulator so I can experience what that
that period cramps are similar to the
pain of contractions that you get during
childbirth so we thought let's prepare
for Parenthood and I'll undergo a birth
pain simulator this is gonna be so bad
yeah I'm not excited for it I don't want
you to feel like any kind of pain this
is gonna be really exciting not real I'm
not excited for at all but let's just go
I'm gonna let that last half of the vlog
that's going to happen be erased from my
mind right now and I'm not gonna think
about it and we're just gonna think
about it decorating their house because
that's the thing that we like to do so
let's go wait wait wait wait wait but
first copy it actually
no way it is a very rainy day in LA
today which I couldn't have it happen a
lathe normally just like sunshine and
happiness and sunshine and sunshine but
it's actually very rainy today and super
wet it makes both of us feel like very
homey because I'm from Florida which
rains like a mother trucker and from
where I was from in Australia it would
rain - so home vibes cuz we used to do
this all the time in our rally of logs
from back in the day look just do it
we're not gonna spoil we're just gonna
forget do it right dance along this yeah
I almost messed up I messed up a little
bit man it's fine though like you can't
oh sorry Owen might not notice I went
for the year before the circle I'm a new
this is the first time we've set up our
vlog camera in a way it actually fits
perfectly like it slides into behind the
rear-view mirror our vlogs with Jason
Gabriel welcome back welcome back ladies
two cards with just it is Monday January
Hey we are heavy - whoa well should I be
an announcer horse yeah I should just
Nike just do it just do it okay we mean
it
it is currently still raining though so
we got to make a run for it three two
one
made it good so shopping is going well
we currently have two things in the
basket that weren't even on our list of
things to guess she's enjoying herself
oh I'm just pushing the car so just as
pics from this store are this little
basket thing here and this farmers
markets and I pick is this really nice
decorative candy that will go in my
mouth new year's resolutions not going
well I have you gotta make a run for it
let's go protect my candy chivalry's not
babe come on you can't do that she's
such a gentleman to herself I can't
stand it okay our party is very
different abrete if the car is about the
trunk it's on all of you Americans
I'm worried about my little farmers
market sign it might be the farmers
market sign holding it open committed to
our necks Edisto gesture destination we
made it to our next guest Osan gotta get
some pesto suspect it actually wasn't
really a lame joke anyway what a
gentleman
he was like stay in the car do it guys
oh my gosh Hey look who we ran into that
holds nothing of value to you guys we
actually just ordered this trying to
channel my inner dad since we're
pregnant
what's going on okay anyway uh shovelry
is not that you opened the door for
yourself again one of those things she
does that just no luck we found a chair
that could possibly work but we would
just order that online so on to the next
okay so we're going in there however we
thought before we go we could just get a
wax
now alright lady was actually looking at
me through the door she was like putting
chapstick on looking at me like yeah why
are you coming enact a shopping my
favorite thing to do ever I told Jess I
like shopping when we have a game plan
we say these are the things that we need
we have them on a list we go find those
things I'm like to just browse you just
like to go jess is like the ultimate
just walk through every aisle but like
right now she's just do why are you
looking at this thing and she was
looking at this how many blankets we
have we have like thousand I could talk
about this for hours
why is that in your hand are you joking
me you want to know what's cute one your
face - that hoodie that you're wearing
right there 3 this how do you that I'm
wearing my face yeah this is 100% how
people felt about us why are you
laughing at me I sat down on the chair I
found a good chair big catch the camera
imagine when these are twin babies oh my
goodness this one's a little bigger so
the first boy the second where we gonna
let you show that what we ended up
walking out little plan never learned
that the two plants we were looking at
before when we still haven't gotten
anything that we needed literally
nothing on the way that's not even a
joke like we literally haven't gotten
any somehow some way we ended up a
target it's been a minute fan it's been
a minute cut anyway anyway what are we
looking for it's get inspire inspire me
chair please I'm not ready this is gonna
suck God the time has arrived where I
have to put these things on my body
nobody's more of a daddy's boy unless
this is now for children by mine but he
loves me died tables are temporary new
ones are coming tomorrow magazine also
yes they can't go back a minute drink
jet oh okay things have to go love my
belly my love thank you so basically
with this thing this is also a massage
therapy thing about my I don't know what
you're doing right now but I'm trying to
vlog and basically they recommend just
using levels one through four however
they go up to level ten it's like an
electric pulse that contracts your
muscles like really tightly simulating
what it is like when you give any proper
back support I don't think this is the
angle you probably like pop up into the
frame of the camera for like a second
and then fella the pads feel hot but
that just may be my body heat okay give
me some motivation right now I can do
this it's beautiful baby I'm so excited
for out oh this is officially happening
guys daddy
Oh No yeah second fear just feels like
there's a little vibration on muscles
and my muscles are tensing up a little
bit doctor I need more neck support
are they home enough oh the twins are
good baby I'm gonna take you to level
seven oh what the freakin crap oh eight
eight and a half
Wow not the bad
of you all they're looking at is your
butt but it wasn't like it's not that
bad like I'm handle I feel like I'm
handling it like it like it's not that
okay this is the last round it's me that
level 10 we're doing it guys we're
skipping nine and we're skipping nine
and a half
yeah I'm sure baby I'm sure these babies
are coming out sooner or later
I'm gonna hold your hand citizen okay oh
by the way we were waiting are we going
are we going on one are we going to go
after one two one click ok 3 2 1 wait
wait wait I'm sure it's working yeah 3 2
1 go oh no that's good it's fine it's
fine it's fine I can handle it like a
man man it's really it was a super
intense fear like I felt really like
hardcore contracting man yeah like
flexing my muscles and I can't that's
what appeals I'm sure you know I feel
like it's different because like that
it's like oh my gosh I'm flexing my abs
and I can't stop box baby you really
have to help me with this because it is
gonna be so so painful I'm like oh my
gosh peeling these off oh this is worse
than the actual thing guys I hope you
enjoyed my misery in pain I think a
pretty good job I did a pretty good job
yeah that can't be what actual birthing
a child is that must be like way worse
than birthing a child I know anyway guys
thank you so much for watching we love
you guys you want to see that special
guest who shall remain nameless
leave a like on this video it'll be
happening in a few vlogs from now he
comes in at the end of this week so if
you want to see experience what birthing
pains are like and leave
like on this video I'll be so funny if
to show him what he's getting into
he just got a girlfriend that probably
gave it away to other than me saying I
should subscribe to join the best team
on the Internet thank you so much for
all you guys love and subscribe to join
the contine we love you guys so much
thank you for being the best team out
there the most positive team on the
internet spreading a light in this dark
world
jeez yeah yeah and Gabriel and Milo
Monty asleep little do you know my
mistakes are slowly turning me Milo you
did the outro you did it you did it you
did it you did it
