so would you guys want to see a vlog
that we never posted from like a week
and a half ago from us leaving our
anniversary trip coming back up to my
family opening early Christmas present
stuff like that why are you laughing at
me
to be a dad you know why another day
another love this but first coffee hello
welcome to another Paulo we are about to
check out about anniversary getaway cut
it why we're trying to rob a coffee
machine thank you continuing you're
checking out of our cottage today we
highly so we have a private like little
cottage that we got in the island in the
Florida Keys which is super don't in the
hotel basically has its little island
and with mythology colleges cottages on
it and it's just for us we're not going
to show you around because one we have
to check out too we just started did
that on her channel so go check that out
do you mean to say anything else I mean
you could talk about how like awesome
your husband is and like good-looking
yeah this was our cottage right there
and there's the hot tub so we were like
right next to the pool which is right
there last night this is the funniest
thing that ever happened you're getting
a hot tub and just got here first I was
like oh babe can you turn on the Bob she
walks over to this this great thing just
walks over it like so confidently when I
say so comparably it was like yeah I
like whacked it like yeah and when you
look at this this is the die for the hot
tub this is the emergency pump but she
comes up and just goes whacks it and the
thing just starts
alarming and sounding and we were just
like we're going to the hot tub on the
other side I looked at that I read this
I was like I don't want to click the
emergency stuff which I thought was this
button that's not a button not that view
though look
water it's so clear you haven't seen our
Instagram picture for a baller and
pretty freaking people and that is me
shamelessly plugging for you guys to go
check out our new Instagram pictures
we're on the road again I can't wait to
get tables have turned though because
jess is now in the driver's seat and I
am vlogging from the passengers that
never happens and I'm very happy about
it because now I get to control the
camera I'm gonna make the framing
perfectly where jess is usually either
just like this or like this and cut off
after anyway we are now headed back to
family in fort lauderdale / Boca Raton
for Christmas we're spending Christmas
up there during New Year's up there was
going to be a very nice next week with
family and not secluded by ourselves on
an island
it was sorry needed so needed it was not
even funny it was like the first time
this year I felt like I'm stressed yeah
it was really it was a weird realization
we were like this is the most relaxed
with felt full year and it was December
so here since we're out a red light and
you want to turn left make sure your
believe okay your blinkers on just wait
for when the light turns green if it
doesn't give you a green arrow first
like it does now so you're good you're
fine so you can make the left thanks dad
I got it I'm practicing to be a dad you
know why we stopped and got some snacks
and stuff but before we take off again I
just want to show you guys something
real quick it's really cool right it's
right no more though called me lame it's
pretty funny trying make up for this
really funny that was the best joke I've
ever had I know that is so blue that is
ridiculous
are you kidding me I don't think you can
see it through the camera as well as an
action blog this Drive is ridicu
this really is like you're driving you
you're constantly making fun of me on
all these walls now like when I do stuff
you just like mimic me and make fun oh
my gosh look at this this is view look
at this view right here but I thought we
would talk about our vacation we
literally did nothing which was so
needed but let me mention before we've
been go go go but it's constantly the
whole year and having a break like I
don't we didn't want to do that we post
it we ended up posting like two flaws we
posted photos and stuff like that but we
did nothing we slept in as late as
possible had no agenda went to the beach
went to the pool slit watch Netflix it
was it the greatest rate like shown s
especially for us alone we're in LA it
wasn't like we were relaxing and
spending like a bunch of time together
life was like just work related and work
central and for the best year marriage
it's very important to spend
everyone was like make sure you spend
time together don't over work don't have
too many guests and we didn't take any
of that advice we had like every more
guest and I've ever had my entire life
in me we're having a break was so
incredibly oh this Drive isn't actually
kind of crazy because there's so much
debris from the hurricane just piled up
on the sides of the road there's just
piles like this just like on the side of
the road guys if you were a compact
about hurricane or any a natural
disaster that's going on right now
Frank Reid love you guys stay strong we
just made it to our hotel look at this
beautiful freakin babe right here who
might happen to call my life we were
just driving flip Alice but we made it
to our hotel and we're really liking it
we have to go run a few errands so like
finish up the gift thing like we were
saying we've got to go pick up Milo and
I think we're seeing Star Wars through
my second time seeing just his first
time and she's so excited because she
just it's such a big star Wars fan yeah
the biggest love Stella
don't laugh stores
I love stores - let's go shopping one
hour later two hours later three hours
later you well that's for me that's why
it's not rap this is for you and then
this is for me from me
but it's not Christmas do you know how
long I was waiting man really waiting
for 10 minutes or conversations about
cameras 10 minute work but it's not
Christmas yet I know but I have other
stuff for you on actual Christmas and
amazing acting yes he was like you want
me to wrap it for you and I was like oh
that's actually a great idea help me
yeah no one's watching you only like 1.8
million subscribers you basically know
what they are right well actually you
might know is you're not into this stuff
as much remember when you said I wanted
easy yeah yeah I know but I remembered
it in my head and Merry Christmas
early America kiss okay why not
Thanks dang look at how cool you are
with those new cakes girl don't be
looking
let me just use the fortunate quick I'm
very impressed that your husband is
force sensitive that's a Jedi mind trick
I'm doing I'm actually lowering it and
making you think you're doing
exactly the reaction I was expecting
from from this scenario thank you
my hand was actually moving down below
the camera frame we were so visit using
the force that we got off on the wrong
floor
not to retake the elevator to the right
floor huh but where's our car though let
me just jet I sent it got it
I figured it out I got it I'm very
excited that we're seeing Star Wars
again also check this out
unlocked crap it didn't I love this dude
I need you to quit got twice you want to
see me use the Force check this out
he's so lame the force is strong with
this one yeah that was really good
twenty minutes later now the Christmas
shopping begins yeah like a lot of
people here because very packed yeah
we're gonna be caught in the hustle and
bustle of Christmas Eves each shoppers
receives Eve seats I was late ale oh boy
we did it guys that was one successful
like we got stuff for people there were
so many people there at that mall like
it was kind of insane like I grew up
going to this mall and I've never seen
it that busy in my entire life I want to
see Star Wars tonight like we said it
when we've just got my parents house and
we're picking up Sophia Nico right now
and we're going to see who Milo loves
more because Milo's been with runs past
me and I just don't want him to better
than me he loves you come on it does it
well so Milo has been staying with my
family the past week while we've been
gone and now we're going to see him for
the first time in a week and there's my
lovely sister El mozo Vienna Warren
Sophie open the door hi Mike come here
buddy
hi you came to me no you
my buddy hey mom
hello it's Nico right we gotta go see
Star Wars hey dad it's something so nice
hat another day okay we're going to see
Star Wars guys we gotta go
chivalry's not dead you have a door I
see that nice Chanukah force yeah yeah
there we go hey Sophie force force bro
look out force Claudia accidentally got
two kids tickets because the instincts
redundant it was just it was instinct it
was just older brother instead I'm like
this I'm like ah here in the tickets let
us enter the world of star
I'm so excited right now again I was
late L okay we just got out of the movie
and Jess enjoyed it a little bit like it
subscribe thanks I actually like really
enjoyed it and I kept planning to tell
you baby but I was like I'm gonna wait
til after me I really want to watch the
boat like in order we should like I've
been wanting to watch them all again but
I've been hesitating to because I'm like
now it takes so much time away from
constant me and Jess watching movies
together so Oh what the heck are you
guys doing here
Star Wars is so stupid see she enjoyed
it though I hated that out because
Disney please sponsor us Marvel owned by
Disney this is our dog it was the force
all right that is all ladies and
gentlemen thank you so much for watching
like this video if you like Star Wars
and let us know if you've seen Star Wars
you think not I am such I'm turning into
the biggest Star Wars nerd more than I
have like in my entire life so I would
love to read some of your theories and
opinions on the movies down below in the
comments mmm subscribe to join the force
subscribe to join the best team on the
Internet
the Khan team peace app and gabriel
conte
