how many boyfriends or girlfriends did
you have before you found each other
we've never talked about this in a video
before okay Milo we're leaving
another day another vlog we're really
getting creepy I'm really getting
creative with these intros guys I didn't
actually take a dump it was a joke you
did it for the blog I did I do it for
the vlog anyway but first Kathy yeah
like we're gonna vlog but first coffee
I've been drinking there's my second one
today so so today so today is gonna be a
little different we're doing a Q&A today
it's gonna be more of a sit-down video
the majority of the day however I just
got a new camera actually you just got
it okay because I'm such a camera bird
it is like so cool that Canon was
willing to send me a camera and this
video and everything like that yeah
which really touches my heart something
okay so today is actually our last day
in LA this video is probably gonna be
posted while we're already on our trip
yeah but we figured out where we're
going on my anniversary and we leave
tomorrow I don't know maybe really Galen
and we have a lot of things that are
keeping us busy today like packing
last-minute Christmas shopping all those
things and we would take you on
last-minute Christmas shopping but it's
really our family's watching this then
that defeats the whole purpose so we
decided to just do a sit-down video for
the rest of the vlog we asked
you got a canteen to ask us questions on
twitter using the hashtag asked con team
can be vlogging has a single the
christmas tree isn't lit but I'm good my
Lizzie hide up everyone who watch Lord
hell are okay so we have some questions
my life stopped working come on Milo we
are trying to vlog the road she was not
amused in any way okay question number
one question numero uno Shh okay so she
said I ordered match will it be here
after Christmas it depends what you
ordered yes because the another day
hoodies or the hoodies are all being
shipped out except the crop tops were
backordered a lot of people already got
the another day crop tops just so many
of you guys ordered them so we couldn't
get restocked on some of the crop tops
until the new year we're trying to get
them out as soon as possible to everyone
so thank you guys for ordering and stuff
like that sorry
for those of you who aren't able to get
them right away we're trying to get them
out as soon as we can yeah you have to
blame the people who ended up ordering
them before you because it's their fault
the con team is just too strong do
people ever say that you look like
Selena Gomez I don't think anyone's ever
said that about me no I think I see it
you know people do say that what camera
would you suggest to someone who wants
to start a YouTube channel
well we actually get that one quite
often yeah what would you like what
we're filming on now is a canon g7x it's
a very small camera great for us yeah
because we're traveling so much if you
want something that's cheaper the camera
that canon just gave me is the Canon EOS
Rebel sl1 first cameras that we shot our
first YouTube videos on we're on these
and has I guess we're about screen and
everything so it's such a good camera
everything on that you yeah you really
can't actually went in shot a few clips
that I'll show you guys right now and
it's just like so like you can legit do
everything else and I shot these clips
that you're seeing right now with the
kit lens that the camera comes with so
not using anything fancy like it's legit
a great camera is touchscreen this thing
flips out you can like vlog with it you
can set it up on a tripod and film a
video like this with it which is sorry
helpful that it flips out and when we
started we had like the older versions
of this camera and they didn't have
autofocus this one does so when you're
filming
focus on your face the whole time yeah
it has like Wi-Fi and you take a photo
or videos or whatever you can just send
the photo straight to your phone what I
was gonna say is that I know really well
known YouTube is that still use these
cameras mike foale activities and an EOS
Rebel SOT would you buy Tesla
let's say how ances at the count of
three ready one two three
yes like now no what I in the future yes
really yeah like okay okay my reasoning
like I really love Tesla's but I just
wouldn't do it right now because right
now it'd just be such a waste of that
much money you know like I would rather
invest in something with that kind of
money or yeah even like give that
portion that instead of spending all
that on something that I want the
tehsils of very expensive sir I would
rather invest it in like a property
other where in the future for at a point
where like financially things are like
so so well yeah anyway moving on if you
could change one thing about the other
person what would it be
3j I do want to hear magnitude yeah
that's why I picked it really yeah I
know cuz I was like hold on he has an
answer for that like okay well I didn't
realize it will just gonna be sweet
nothing cool good glad you have the same
interest me Bob we are thinking the same
thing the whole time okay next question
next question what are the sweetest
words you've ever said to each other I
have to poop when Gabe learn how to edit
his videos like I literally just had it
in my heart that I wanted to learn how
to really edit videos and film and do
videography and stuff so I don't know
how just going through a creative wall I
needed to have something that I was
creating that used like my creativity
like I wanted like filming and I saw
people posting like different travel
videos online and stuff like that and I
was like I want to do that and make them
like music video style I super into that
kind of editing so I just sat down for
months
I learned it all on YouTube watching
YouTube tutorial on like one screen and
then on the other like I had another
window open of my final pet and I would
just learn how to edit what they were
teaching me on final cut and then I
watched another one and do the same
thing and you want to learn something
you could do it on YouTube yeah what is
one habit you have picked up from each
saying excuse me after I burn yeah so
that was my answer I don't know what I
picked up from you but I know that
that's what you picked up from me and
then you say excuse me I'll see you back
now yeah I can't think of anything else
okay Milo we're leaving what is your top
five favorite Star Wars characters of
all time sure I wanted to answer this
because I wanted to try and guess it
okay I got sure you're not gonna know
like half of the ones that are on my
list your most favorite is c-3po No yeah
slash Anakin Skywalker Anakin Scott yeah
yeah then your next favorite is Luke
Skywalker no your next favorite is a
stormtrooper and then your last favorite
party do you know what's the one that
rolls around
BBA that one No Darth Vader slash Anakin
Skywalker
I like obi-wan Kenobi I'd really dig
kylo Ren Jango Fett dark malt growing up
he was like double the double lightsaber
or you have no idea what I'm talking
about right double green and blue no he
had to read on each side that's me next
question what editing apps do you use
for your videos lovely we both use Final
Cut Pro which is on before we used Final
Cut we break each time maybe which
worked really good that's free if you
haven't Matt uh excuse me I'm learning
see ya how many boyfriends or
girlfriends did you have before you
found each other
wow this is a juicy question we've never
talked about this in a video I wasn't
like really allowed to have a girlfriend
I had one before Jess yeah very short
lived ended horribly yeah and I also
the one thing I would say about those
two situations is that they really once
we went through those things which I can
really stopped going through them taught
us what we needed to look for in our
future partner next question are you
going to be on vine - I don't know it
depends what it is like probably I feel
like you would like it could be minute
long videos or something like that you
know so yes can you give us a hint - one
thing that's happening for you guys in
2018 there is a lot happening hey hey
we're vlogging
don't be rude like that now one hint is
what is worship now to some of you that
may sound very weird and probably won't
make any sense and to others of you we
you know exactly what we're talking
about so take it as you will what would
he do if Jay Biebs will Matt shall not
be so much trouble screenshot it and
post it on the contine mr. Graham what's
the hottest thing about being a youtuber
slash social media employee youtuber
social media popularity slash fame or
whatever you want to call it is so
different than traditional fame I guess
you could say cuz like a traditional
like movie star or TV star
whenever someone like that would get
popular they still have a level of
privacy more so shoot I mean we have a
choice to but more so choose like if
they want their personal life to be on
blast or not wearable who do like
YouTube or social media as a full-time
job yeah it's what you're doing is
you're pretty much putting your life on
blast and that's what people are a fan
of is like your personal life like
actors and stuff we know them because
they're playing a character or it's like
we don't know them it sounds like and
yeah also like hey yeah it's like if
you're doing an acting role and
someone's like well I really hated that
character I really hated that blob of
like something like you can kind of just
shrug it off what's your mercy is
emerging on your friend oh my gosh let
me check Oh mind is the crack crying
laughing face for sure in nothing it's
been that for years yeah I think we
always text with that Krylov yeah we
have the same okay okay what is the
first thing you say to each other
when you to wake up in the morning
what is the next goal you birth dream up
first it was marriage dog hasta
something that I really love to do which
is really random in slipper house like
my house renovated
sorry I would totally wasn't paying
attention at a whole time you probably
saw up in my face I was just like I have
one thing that I want to do is just own
real estate like invest in different
property like it would be really cool to
own a hotel or something like even if
it's like a small little thing another
big dream that we have it is owning a
coffee shop I've got coffee and tea shop
there she loves tea too traveling is
also like a thing that we want to really
do more of in 2018 because we did a lot
in 2017 it was like all around the
United States and then also kids but
that's like yeah for the future also
what inspired me to become a YouTube it
I mean social media in general just
created platforms to postings that we
already love doing it wasn't like I want
to be a youtuber and then we decided to
become a youtuber because of like all
the wars or subscribers or whatever when
I created my youtube channel I didn't
even know that being a youtuber wasn't
as you could sell a few blobs ago we
were reacted to my whole videos like I
was always shooting videos so it was
that yeah yeah we have ones of her that
we are going to show sometime soon okay
so yeah I wouldn't say like be inspired
to become like a youtuber that should be
something that you really love to do
like a lot of people do it because
they're like oh I wanna be like YouTube
famous yeah I'm gonna get following
would you guys ever get a tattoo if I
wouldn't get a tattoo I've talked about
it on my channel before I'm indecisive
I'm not good with pain I'm slightly
thinking about it but like I would but I
don't know if I will you know what if I
did get one I probably would get like
justice fingerprint and then for every
kid that we have together in the future
like getting their fingerprint yeah
so I feel like we were just answering
questions with so long you're good
paying attention to me crying you're
answering questions for so long but
thank you guys for those of you who
watch till the end thank you guys so
much you guys were asking all these
questions if you enjoyed some of our
answers like this video subscribe to our
channel to join the best team on the
Internet
right here love you guys so much my Pisa
yeah and Gabriel kind
oh it's again good-looking talented
funny huh
