dude this was it right here that right
there that was my unit we held hands for
the first time kiss for the first time
you give each other that is how it's
flirting it up for the first time pause
in the vlog real quick awareness Shh
this would be surprised what day is it
December 18 and what is that oh that was
so bad it is our one-year wedding
anniversary
yeah so we are filming this little clip
the same day that we're posting the vlog
so if you're watching at the dance
posted to you real con team members yeah
it is our anniversary today and since
we're posting a vlog on our anniversary
which is very fitting by the way I think
the vlog that we're posting is actually
a really great blog to post since it is
our anniversary so we thought we would
film a little clip just to say hello it
is our anniversary and I don't know what
else if you guys want to slightly keep
up with what we're doing outside of just
this little clip in the vlog we're
posting pictures on Instagram and
everything like that and like tweeting
and all that jazz so you can check us
out on other social medias while we are
away on our anniversary trip and so with
all this being said enjoy the vlog we
love you guys thank you so much for all
your support and just for sticking with
us through everything that we're doing
if we really appreciate it and love you
guys back to the block
another day another vlog cuz I'm good
tomorrow
I don't like spider-man right yeah agile
athletic super talented baby you gonna
get in the front he's tricky this guy
just that was the creepiest thing that
guy literally just walked by a card
yeah you stood at the front of it and
just looked at us inside the car and we
were just like okay
okay maybe he likes the look of this car
and wanted to look at the interior maybe
he just likes the vlog life like an
subscribe
today's a good day everybody you're not
gonna tickle me my reflex is you're too
fast I'm like spider-man like I said
before welcome welcome to another vlog
hello Bonjour konichiwa
hola get a good I might call it a no but
for real
what's up Conte and welcome to another
vlog we're excited you're here okay so
you guys would not believe we're about
to go so we just happened to pass a
whole department where we lived at when
we first got married but we're in the
area of where my first apartment in LA
was like we're both Jess and I first met
first helped a lot of memories first
kiss yeah so many they haven't visited
it since we moved out yes we've gone
past the area plenty of times but we've
never actually just like gone back and
rode by it or like visited it or
anything and obviously someone else who
lives there now which so we're kind of
inside you're gonna go reminisce in the
memories you know maybe make out a
little bit what guys we're getting close
and this is actually where we film when
I enjoy it in America for the Bears like
Trillian girlfriend drives and
it was like in these dreams yeah was up
in these streets in his hood dog such a
sentimental person like that where I
just get a mercy over just like little
that is just slang for emotional
everyone knows I am Russia people
oh my word this is so weird being back
here I filmed so many videos out here
you and I filmed that Facebook video out
oh that one there was one that went
viral and someone has an accident or
something like that
yeah and he was like dancing in the
street yeah we filmed it right here what
do you call this that's a charlie
dude this was it right here that right
there that was my unit
we held hands for the first time kiss
for the first time you have each other's
back how it's flirting it up for the
first time I just wanna go inside and
just like see what we cuz we kissed in
his kitchen like I just want to see it
again there are so many memories in that
you guys don't even Wow I felt right
you're like slightly tearing up I know I
just can't do it yeah not to mention
you're on your period right that's not
helping at all makes me extra motion may
be ready to go like not really well I
have an attachment don't you have an
attachment to that kinda like we can
come back and visit it meaning you Jess
real Wow
I think I'm vomited in my mouth a little
bit and have to swallow it back yeah
that's a weird thing to say to call
yourself by your own ship name I like
the old us that just you would always
walk to Starbucks right down the road
yeah I go to the grocery store that's
right there you breakfast at the
restaurant yeah and I'm prepared just
for the occasion my hair is back to
normal basically and I'm clean-shaven
yeah that was amazing
are you gonna start crying no it's not
gonna cry I'm not crying I'm just
sweating out of my eyes so sweet what
should we do now
some of you guys got what I did that I
said sweet you know you sometimes we
actually still do call each other
sweetie this is for like you og og con
con team containers that sounds so
awfully me well I said call him was
sweet so how many people got to know oh
my gosh remember the video where I would
I made you like sweet just like punch is
my sweet sweet
okay oh my gosh it is my smoking hot
wife right there we are passing the
stars on its that we just talked about
the amount of walks we would take here
even with Jacko to let me Jack that was
where I would work out every morning in
the gym right there
memories remember when I was like yo I
was Jack and you were like who's who's
that guy right there that could jack son
of a gun then we got married and I just
not marriage that did it hit the amount
of work we had just started going back
to the gym after tour
I literally weighed 20 pounds less I
think people noticed though people were
studying then everyone was commenting
about how skinny I loved and how
unhealthy but it's okay guys he's
sleeping good he's sleeping good he's
working out yeah like I'm back to
getting more healthy I've gained a few
pounds man I'm getting there guys so
thank you for all your concern and
everything like that six hours they do
it as many hours later we are now
sitting eating dinner might and switch
sorry I'm betraying my future know that
you said to anybody don't you have some
Stephanie to you I ran some errands and
when got us food and just wanted to show
me her fortune oh this isn't that's my
fortune my bad okay what does it say it
says a cheerful message is on its way to
you really let me check my DMS
okay well we need to go get ready for
our friend you want explained friend
she's like do you want to explain it
she's like no no it's fine I turn the
camera to her our friend Cody my friend
Grady Jones it's happened one second one
second man that meal was very satisfying
anyway anyway anyway excuse me sorry a
friend his name is Cody John Cena's his
very first shirt headlining show which
is super cool for him super exciting so
you guys know if you guys know Cody and
Lexie they've been in like past vlogs
before and they're really good friends
who are so we're going to the show to
support them and
he's gonna crush it but yeah Cameron
later that same evening Cody's show now
the man of the hour
Cody how you feelin now you know how we
fell for Q mind another freaking side of
this now even though you guys were
nervous but like it was such a good show
so thank you and that's what's gonna
happen tonight
yes right maybe maybe I'm kidding I'm
kidding together - oh the vibes the fog
dude mr. Cory Jones we got a VIP booth
it is so like we're baby in here we are
Christian don't leave me hanging dude
donut
pacifically came here to not be on stage
Thank You Marcus yeah dude I just I
specifically came here to shake and you
dragon I drag we are back home
alert gig it was amazing Cody if you're
watching this you absolutely killed it
that way I'm saying and it was such a
fun show and everyone was just like
really happy shout out to you Cody Jones
you're the man we love you bro we hope
you guys like this below and with all
that being said leave a like if you
enjoyed our love and gross well we were
reminiscing on okay
subscribe to be a part of the best team
on the internet akan team are you
looking at me like that
peace out from jet and Gabriel and Milo
Conti
