very weird that we were addressing it we
don't want to talk about it for very
long yes it's gonna be quick that's it
we're not gonna talk about it again
you're thinking about not even doing
this because we just don't worry we're
over
another day another bluff huh son we are
saying right now in Orlando Florida at
the Grand Floridian hotel in Walt Disney
World it is so beautiful it is so
beautiful she's like your face we were
invited by Disney to come and there's
like a bunch of other social media
people here and we're all like going
around and having a lot of shout out to
Walt the man for sending us over yeah
thank you so much yeah thank you really
good we're having really good freaking
dance very excited yeah
I wish oh okay we're gonna meet late oh
my gosh come on let's go babe booger
Patrol one second we can't go until I
know I think we're clear with nostrils
these big guys gotta make sure if you're
carrying around you uh stragglers or not
you know what I mean my baby you know
about that okay cool okay we're at our
first not welcome to Animal Kingdom
okay anyway I got some embarrassing but
I haven't been here since this has been
built that's actually insanity that is
the coolest thing that's from Avatar
right I was wasn't like a super fan of
the movie but I hear this stuff is
really dope know what I think it's just
a good time to cut back to that up
Wow okay anyway all right guys this ride
is like really dope and cool and stuff
like that so it's like floating
jellyfish and stuff but the problem is
is my bladder is so full and AM to be so
bad guys already know it's a problem and
seeing all these waterfalls and stuff
like look at that river stream of
glowing liquid we're done we're getting
out where is the bathroom
baby and I find it a bad thing right now
he ran by thank you so much where's the
bathroom please guys we found it we
found the bathroom
a feeling a lot better that was one of
the most amazing experiences of my life
oh I love Disney we didn't film walking
into that last Rite that we just went on
how we doing
you know like in the Avatar movie how
they ride the flying things it was very
it was a simulator but it was Wow that
was dope
anyway anyway moving on to the rest of
our day I may or may not have to pee
again so uh it's slowly coming back slow
okay yeah babe what are you doing right
now
you know just hanging out funny good
never mind right guys we're finishing up
here at Animal Kingdom we're heading to
Magic Kingdom soon yeah a bunch of you
guys have stopped babe you are like
glowing in the viewer angelic Jesus is
behind you Wow yeah we've met a ton of
you guys today so thank you guys so much
for stopping us and saying hey I love
you guys also we are addressing
something later in the vlog that uh got
there's been very twist a little bit of
drama has occurred on our channel don't
like being associated with drama
youtubing it's okay yeah but not really
drama anyway anyway kind of a personal
thing that we talked about and then
people are saying things that aren't
true and assuming thing so we're gonna
talk about that later
um we just don't want to talk about that
here in public in the middle of Disney
World we made it to the Magic Kingdom
reality err dog we out here nice to
magic what did you just say
yeah yeah how the turn tables all the
turntables okay okay he's paid like
three times since I've he's it doesn't
matter it wasn't on the vlog at one time
it was on the blog so it doesn't count
if it wasn't blah my best friend who
axia at Magic Kingdom if you haven't
come there I find here in the Emporium
I'm gonna go oh my god so exciting
I didn't know whether to do my thumb or
anything I was like this here you see
here got you ready she hasn't noticed
yet she noticed the reuniting on the
third wheel now hello I was late
you know on the bikes a little bit this
mean they need more I don't have space
Mellon it's gonna be lit and I want a
coffee again I've already had said it's
probably unhealthy for me but I love it
yep okay thank you to find the entrance
the fast passes all the way there
there's a line inside the line comes to
all the way out here I don't even know
where the line ends we're gonna go find
it for Fast Pass are you what dude look
it look it
we're just walking this is all this is
all the line right here Fast Pass you
know about dad no I don't miss it ends
right here
Disney is this a jerk go to Big Thunder
Mountain but first
and everything I think I told you a
couple weeks ago that he wanted to get
into knitting with my captain he wasn't
really enjoying it really think
and so when he's not around
okay what are you talking about what are
you do I have Burger system I tell them
about what what you wanted me to tell
them what did I want you to tell them I
quit in YouTube again guys I can never
go P by myself and leave Jess with the
block camera because then she tells
everyone he's not I'm quitting YouTube
what to do
it was the yeah I want to be a giraffe
trainer I'm gonna train track and I
explain why yeah it's got a nice out of
Jacko and just really miss him I when I
saw the draft there's just something
about it
yeah stead of trying to force Jacko for
me to train him out just playing drafts
instead anyway anyway anyway we're gonna
go ride some right you know Disney is so
just like beautiful and it's like clean
and nice and Jess always thought what
does he look like was what America would
look like so like exactly like this just
nice and clean futuristic just the
spinning planets up there you know the
exact replica of Jesse's imagination
and if I know like no yeah no but they
were like walking in the distance and
then all of a sudden is a girl walking
up to it yes she were walking up this is
iPhones she's like another day and I was
like why so much screaming in another
skin that you pointed a camera at us
that she was walking closer and we're
like another vlog all right guys we're
back at Space Mountain the line is not
nearly as long as last time so gonna
frickin ride the ride oh I'm so excited
to drive any burgers burgers check check
you know we just got off the ride we
realized that we made it had the perfect
time because that line is back to being
long hallways all the way down oh my oh
my gosh are you jerking alright I don't
want to brag we just say the buzz light
your thing Jessica for 2,300 I got 150
5100 I'm not trying to like make you
feel bad day but I could have determined
I am and jess is just looking to the
side a little longer than a few minutes
later Oh
Pirates of the Caribbean babe
amen
to the Caribbean about there
I could cry right now I know right on
all the times I've been to Disney and
I've never seen and I just bleh tell in
d'void the next day the next day we
forgot to finish what we didn't forget
it just got dark out really tired
well we watch the fireworks and then we
were like hey let's go see Black Panther
since that's out in theaters right now
oh and then I work out when it was
finished basically I just fell through
the whole thing yeah she just fell
asleep on my shoulder and I was loving
it and by the time I got home I was like
I can't vote anymore and I just the next
day and we are finishing this little
talk that we're gonna have with you guys
right now and it's very weird that we
were addressing this you don't really
talk about it for very long
yes it's gonna be quick that's it we're
not gonna talk about it again they're
thinking about not even doing this
because we just don't worry we're over
so in a video two or so videos ago Q&A
the Q&A we were asked about our opinions
and babies and that led to us talking
about things and on perceptive and very
personal topics that we decided to share
oh I'm gonna just address it casually
because it was very personal and we
didn't want to like yeah so you do like
the kind of word vomited our thought
like let's move on and we're like let's
move on a lot of it was misunderstood
what we said was like skewed a little
bit and there are a lot of rumors going
around rumors are going around on social
media right now about our personal life
and what we do in our choices and most
of them are false so all of you guys
saying things like yeah a lot of you
guys saying things as if you know it's
accurate or not I feel like that happens
on the internet all the time like
someone can say something and then
someone else can twist it and just be
like never like you'll never guess what
these people live like you don't even
know them so a lot of people got upset
that we talked about contraceptives
which I still feel we were talking about
so we're just gonna get through this I'm
just saying right just like mumble it so
people don't even know we're talking
about got upset that we are saying that
they aren't that ladylike aren't
effective which is not what we said and
that they shouldn't be used which is not
always
wow that went around a lot yeah and that
they're like whatever which is not what
we said it all what we're saying is that
we realize that they're not 100 percent
effective which is scientifically proven
and I think people should know that yeah
yes so in the scenario that they don't
work for us I know people I know people
yeah I've been using them and I'm still
gotten pragmas being in a marriage
relationship and being blessed enough to
be financially stable enough to like go
into that not that we're planning for
that now but if that happens that next
section of our life and having a baby
and starting like the kids part of our
family we're not scared of that in this
scenario that these things are not 100%
effective I am gonna say that it is less
scary to us because of the situation
that we're in so that's why it seems
like it's very casual when we talk about
it like oh if we end up getting pregnant
then not scared about it yeah we're not
scared about it so like we can talk
about without like the fear of somebody
we weren't saying that we don't use them
we weren't saying for you guys not
people not to use them and we weren't
there whatever yes and they like just
don't love you don't need to say
anything in the comments guy don't start
an argument or anything on YouTube on
Twitter on Instagram like people being
like I can't believe you guys would
promote this we're like we didn't we
said they're not 100% understood yeah
there are a few people like one girl on
Twitter said something very nice and was
defending us and we really appreciated
that because we were like what the heck
is going on right you don't have a
youtube drama
because we're not about that ready done'
look at the mess back here that's going
on and earth also before we head thank
you to all of you who support it or
though for the Parkland shooting sale
that we were doing which we are donating
the profits to to the victims affected
so many of you guys tributed so much was
raised unbelievable amount you guys like
came back and you're like I really want
to support it's really cool cuz there's
only one of the biggest things we've
ever done you guys are the ones get me
not us I don't wanna make it seem like
we're see but you guys are the one you
love you guys thank you so much for
being such a light in the world
spreading a positive message mwah gonna
do the bows
peace out and gabriel conte yeah got to
carry more than just my secrets to give
me love to carry children
