that's right right is that the pestle
right there are you kidding me to the
side right ripen do I do the test track
here don't take away from ya dude I
don't know there's your car I want to
drive it or do you can I throw dreams do
come true it's Christmas time baby I go
for it go for I 3 2 1 another day that
one was a new one yeah sorry I just
popped out of the merch closet there you
could see the hunt come out don't call
me did you hear that scream oh my lo are
you excited about today's vlog Wow Linda
that looks dirty huh okay we have a few
things planned for luck today and that
is well one I just figured you stopped
making maybe what's the first thing has
just ordered some pictures always and
forever continually interior decorating
the apartment I look at how aesthetic
that is that is all except this a lot I
picked out that ladder for that thing
anyway
if he does a little bit of decorating he
takes credit for everything I guess
we're going to pick up some pictures for
Jess also Brian and Sebastian are coming
over where's the sweater for Sebastian
and gotten last vlog we need to give
that to him today it is the greatest
Christmas gift single and ready to
jingle Oh Sebastian you are in for a
treat my friend yeah he's gonna love I
know what we should do we should get
brag I'd be like oh my god we have
something for you give him like this
like one of the hoodies I'll be like Oh
Sebastian we have something for you too
and then pull that out for him good plan
I like it high-five
nice and I also think I'm shaving bride
eyes head but that might be for his vlog
I'm like doing the whole buzz cut I did
you guys remember that doing it now for
Braga so what's gonna happen today so a
lots going down stay tuned right Milo
I'm not gonna lie I think we have the
cutest dog in the world but we've
already had two coffees today so but
let's get the day started
is that a transition okay well right now
put a transition really it's beginning
to look a lot like Christmas
wait you just change the cake night try
one more time mom and mom and pop can
hardly wait for school to start again
mom and dad can drive away
stop rubbing it in my face I did it I
don't know I went to see if it was like
an older lyric sounds good mom and pop
can hardly it's like an old Christmas
vibe a few inches later so we're hearing
Home Depot trying to figure out what to
do with color copy photos it wasn't
working they didn't get the order or
anything and I was just sitting here
like water are you talking about
hey guys I use the Force but gestures
Trish why can't I ever talk literally
once or twice every vlog it's me so
basically everyone was counting about
our loss when we did the but first
coffee bag and we twisted the camera and
it went into the coffee shop that's that
but first coffee and stuff when we were
talking to camera the guy in the
background dad like the parisa is in the
background outed everyone we didn't know
it will play the clip right now
everyone is commenting about that dad
like tweeting a screenshots being like
the guy dad we didn't even know it we're
II watched it in everything that we
didn't even notice it what the heck we
have to go back in there meet that guy
and be like dude you are on the blog or
YouTube famous bro you were part of the
con team whether you like it or not we
finally got the pictures printed or the
pictures from the shoot that we did I'll
show you them when it's in the frame the
ones with the Christmas tree and
everything like that it's a very crazy
check us out on Instagram if you haven't
our Instagram handles are right here
anyway
chivalry's not dead right babe also I
just realized this that we in the last
vlog mentioned that we had to cancel
reservations that we had for our
anniversary trip and now it's all sorted
we're going somewhere else we're not
gonna say where we're gonna go cuz we're
gonna keep that private because it's our
anniversary but we're super excited for
in case you guys were wondering if we
were actually gonna do something but we
changed it we're going somewhere where
we're not gonna see snow but early next
year I think we're gonna try and do some
snow thing for this girl right here oh
yeah she hates when I do that she hates
when I smash her cheeks but it's my
favorite we are about we put the photo
in the photo frame right there it's
looking good baby like it yeah yeah it
looks nice just like your face there's a
voice I do that always makes just laughs
if I talk like oh hey how does it go hey
how you doing son why can't I find it
the weeks
I got away mission accomplished
oh hey how you doing there sugar honey
mama Oh sexy mama how you doing is that
good no no you like it do you think it's
freaking section I still feel like it's
not a hundred percent but I'm working on
it guys don't judge me she's just
laughing at me why is it so funny now we
have a special guest here
Milo right over here by huge change of
plans
if you don't know I've just wanted a
Tesla forever that's just like the dream
no nah I never put it out that my dream
car is a Tesla bro I got as a friend who
is letting us like test drive all the
business because the SUV is just
absolutely baller like the wings go up
like this huh okay so we are going to
freaking let's drive a Tesla yeah I'm
gonna be in a Tesla for the first time
ever in my life you'll get to oh it's
right is that the Tesla right there
oh my lord are you kidding me what the
heck we're in the middle of shooting a
clip right now what we're going to test
drive a test lightly are you kidding me
bro okay so his friend has a test and we
were like yeah we're gonna go that's all
we pulled up and I was like all dude
there's the Tesla that's the guy and I
was like oh wow he's in the car already
like ready to let us test drive it and
it's tricking you so we're funny like we
like Tesla paid for me to be here yeah
this is not a brand deal I promise you I
want I mean I do it's like my dream
cause how weird is that that's the
biggest coincidence it's a meant to be
this is a sign right right do the test
drive here I don't wanna take away from
ya dude we're doing a vlog and david
dobrik tesla do you know how famous his
tesla is not so much him not so much
what I saw Star Wars and allies and I
went to go buy some lightsaber tell us
what dude I don't know there's your car
I'm gonna drive it or do can I throw
beard
I want you busted out the vlog camera
I have to bring it just in case you get
a car accident oh I'm glad you trust me
babe these are the doors I was talking
about earlier on the vlog these doors
that open up like this
oh my word dude the door opens for me I
feel really bad for the guy who's
actually showing you the video because I
feel like he's fine don't worry anything
yeah oh my gosh do you guys want me to
floor it how do you guys want please I
would gladly appreciate it okay ready
okay now I'm telling you what's the zero
to sixty three point two it's a lot
slower with four people in the car
that's what you won't get babe we need a
thumbnail so I'm gonna need you to hop
in to brag I see it so you're on the
thumbnail I've never experienced that my
life flashed before my eyes
dude I actually got nervous sing I'm
sweating too I'm sorry I proceed if I
got my favorite part about owning this
car oh my word you can't even hold the
camera straight dude I want this car so
bad so you're gonna part I'm not gonna
use my referral code ready all right so
I put in Reverse watch pop it up this is
cool I just hit start for auto part and
I let go of every way what are you
kidding me right now it's off and go
forward that's amazing you just sold me
lets you drive off oh my gosh will the
door closed on its own yeah touch the
brake really what dreams do come true
it's Christmastime baby wherever you
want to floor it kind of just floor it I
guess
go for it well I also want to be careful
just in case you like crash I want you
to hit anybody I really do not want to
crash your test it doesn't matter it'll
be great for your video I go for it go
for I three two one oh my word this is
too much if there's ever like you've
probably seen this because you've seen a
lot of reviews so if there's like an
ever a nuclear attack on the like United
stand there's like chemicals in the air
hit this button and it filters out all
like bad air inside the cabin I'm not
saying there's like a new connector hit
your car no no I can also open my front
door like this oh wow are you kidding me
dude you're like a Jedi and realize babe
we need one we need one so if you want
to open the side doors you hit it you
double tap it open the side door no way
close all you just hit the top of the
button I was in the driveway I was in my
house and he needed me to move the car I
was editing then your car just does this
what and then I wanted to talk to stop
it'll stop no way stop trying to sell us
David this is not I don't appreciate
this is this like he's just trying to
drain our bank account thank you yeah do
you thank you for showing us thank you
for letting us we'll be back your what
you're shook you know when you when he
was skydiving in the cheeks just all of
you guys you think that was like a plan
thing that we did it like 0% I promise
the place we going pinky promise pinky
promise brag I pinky you think you
promise that was not planned at all
these confirmations if that is not a
sign well you could drive it I do get to
threaten me I got to drive it and I got
to drive the faster much much lately
Sebastian high five he made it okay we
have some news for you guess what we
just spent the past two give or take our
doing
just take the wildest random as guests
you can ever take about any cars and
youtubers what are we doing does
youtubers and cars we spent the last 30
to 45 minutes test driving david dobrik
Tesla really imagined always told us
he's like yeah I'd the one youtuber I
really loved his david dobrik and he was
supposed to be here and then he wasn't
one more thing usually for you
whoa oh my gosh it still says you're
single you always get so nervous
whenever we like mention like we're like
Oh ladies you Xingu on tour every day
you know it dm's I get nothing
it's okay thank you not that I enjoy it
but like thank you for but like do you
guys know whatever Sebastian's around I
just bleep out all the stuff he says to
make it so me saying bad words and it's
really funny guys know we are cutting
bra guys here that will be on broad guys
vlog so you can go check it out we'll
put the link to his channel in the
description below
like this video if you enjoyed it
subscribe to be part of the best team on
the internet the contine yeah yeah and
Gabriel Milo and Bry guy breaking while
you fall asleep little Dino I'm still
wanting
