guys I'm so excited to go to Yosemite
and Gardens snow yeah we cancelled our
one-year anniversary trip and we're
trying to figure something out another
day okay see we started this look really
quickly because Alison is about to get
hit and we want to prank him yeah you
guys know David right so the problem is
is I want the clown mask but I think we
may not have it in the new home so we're
gonna look around and see if we can find
it if not we'll just have to make do
with that this scary face right here
wait babe it should be in the pot you
guys remember the pot I don't keep
everything so organized in this house I
hate that that's a thing like I hate the
daiquiris in a pot have you ever beaten
up the kitchen before it's done
it's okay okay we're gonna have to
improvise you could put on a onesie is
that gonna do
Scanlan cuteness all right we do not
have mass so what we're gonna do is try
and scare them with a loud gut-wrenching
Yael in the face yeah just like that I
think that'll work she's gonna get here
any minute
12 seconds later okay you're scared it's
working penguin village it has butt
cheeks and it's works my cousin's found
that in a store and they were like oh it
reminded us of you so we decided to send
it to you I was like thank you I'm glad
that's working
penguins remind you guys are my heart's
racing a little bit I think I've got no
skin that you think I scared you were so
yeah yeah when I was rehearsal okay I
need to redeem myself one second working
for you're not or you're fine working
for them you kind of always have in the
back of your mind like okay and they're
about to open up the door and I today
might be the day that hasn't happened
yet so it's gonna happen that just
happened anyway okay guys so jess is
like horribly sore because we started
going back to the gym and her trying to
put on her shoes right now is the
funniest thing you have ever seen cuz I
like comp in my legs very much I go
round two you got this chivalry is not
dead guys I've told you one told you a
million times you keep a little longer
than a few minutes later
oh my Lottie
on the road shall we I just are saying
alright containers you guys are the
content the content subscribe to join
the content anyway anyway anyway okay so
the first thing that we want to do is go
I feel bad for whoever since back then
it's the first thing that we want to go
do is find ugly Christmas sweaters I've
never earned an ugly Christmas sweater
we don't do that in Australian too
 lame and then well it's summer
even though I married one second thing
what are we gonna do we are going to get
gingerbread houses your requests yeah
and Jess came to me and was like can we
do this you know I was like can't want
to eat gingerbread house and then the
last thing we're going to do in this of
liggett of log is announced the plac
winter if you remember just got an extra
plaque from YouTube the 1 million plaque
and we were giving it away and we're
announcing that and this vlog so don't
skip till the end don't skip till the
end just patiently wait
first copy this store is meant for us
it's not a store it's a coffee shop this
coffee shop has been for us anyway
anyway anyway so just is so sore that
she like can't even walk properly
nice wobble baby wobble baby wobble baby
wobble baby wobble baby you know how I
be you could get in the car that home my
work baby you have to be like so sore
right now all my friends outside is
frightful but the fire is so delightful
since we now play suit a guy just walked
past and loved me really and no it don't
work I think he would doing it too fast
no I want you saying around I heard you
from so there was a guy that was
laughing at me yeah he just walked into
that store and he was like you know
giggling yeah gosh probably doesn't even
know about that vlog laughs that's
probably lying you should probably like
and subscribe alright do Veli
boring minutes later welcome to to
target to target so we found some ah
yeah ugly Christmas sweaters we both got
the same one during your magic so we're
gonna be freaking goals if you know what
I mean yes if you know who sebastian is
you know that he's very single and he's
very ready to mingle or should we say
jingle you could be easier for me if I
hide behind the trolley engine
that what the trolley you know you're
Australian when you call a shopping cart
a trolley found what we came for
so is it already cooked you just put it
all together yeah you just put the icing
on and glue them together and it's very
much easy I thought we'd like cook it on
arts and crafts kind of like Legos oh I
should put my Lego guys on the freakin
gingerbread house yeah exactly
they're moving in but building the menu
house Jess did you get everything that
you wanted no quit whinin what it'd be
alright if I give you a kiss we're about
to leave but we just ran into Anthony
all right we're back we are back home
and ready to cook some gingerbread we're
not cooking we're building some
gingerbread houses on fire oh crap I did
that I did that wrong
vlogging new yes we are we have a
gingerbread thing right here this is my
very first Christmas sweater wait
lenguage a yeah this is my very first
one guys were making history dude so it
is December which means that one it is
Christmas time the best thing ever
and two the most bester thing ever is
that our one-year anniversary is coming
around the corner it is really soon it
is in 12 freaking days that will have
been married for a whole year I can't
believe we just canceled our one-year
anniversary trip because we were
planning on going to Yosemite and it was
gonna be snowing and everything like
that but then we found out that it
wasn't gonna be snowing Oh guys I was so
excited to go to Yosemite & gert in the
snow and I looked up the weather and it
was like 0% chance of precipitation and
like no snow and it wasn't even like the
temperature for it to snow and it was
Pepa so yeah we cancelled our one-year
anniversary trip and we're trying to
figure something out they're gonna gray
someone really funny anyway enough of
our random tangent about our anniversary
let's build a gingerbread house the last
time I built a gingerbread house was
probably two years ago it was with Jack
oh and we didn't we just destroyed it
but it was in a video it smells really
good it smells like cinnamon but we have
the gingerbread house pieces we have the
icing my favorite plant and we have
coming then we have more candy then we
have peppermint and then we have gum
gummy draw gumdrops
you can tell I'm really into this baking
stone massage I think we have to massage
the icing it's almost out come on babe
look out oh my gosh the icing could have
gone everywhere yes I love anything that
involves the kitchen really yeah that's
my favorite you gonna cook dinner
tonight
what oh my gosh look I got this it's
great look guys it's coming along nice
beard babe Thanks I don't think about
this one Oh
all right I've designated myself as the
official icing layer downer he's not
letting me do anything else now look at
this professionalism right here yeah you
should have let me dream on you had the
option to no I did yes you did it's
gonna be the sizing hey again he's
really taking our bug but it's okay just
as we thought we were doing a good job
with like all the little designs and
stuff here that happened look at the
front so the front looks really good
door the windows it's cuz I didn't do it
what shade a freaking throne I should
probably write another district told you
right now you're already shades bow to
be thrown shades about me there did spit
a Christmas time it is here time to joy
and lots of cheer oh wait what's that
you've been throwing me some hate on
girl do you think you're funny but
you're not ooh
but that gingerbread house is pretty
high just like my wife oh wait that's
you huh that's not shade dang it I was
like doing good and then and then you
guys are commenting you I really suck at
this rice hey guys I think we're
stopping I don't think it'll get any
better than that and realize the more
intricate we want to be the worse it
gets said this is my very first
gingerbread I mean for me let me take a
picture of it away can you try it now
we're just gonna need it goodbye Jim I'm
taking the door Oh clink
very crunchy
dude I am tired and I've had so much
coffee today that's when you know it's
bad when you've had tons of cup excuse
me okay Shh give me the plaque what it
means very difficult to pick a winner
because there were thousands and
thousands of entries literally thousands
if you didn't win don't be upset like
these only said love to the person that
wins and just yeah we hate doing because
we like love all you guys it sucks when
we're like oh let's do something cool
for them but then it's like only one
person can win yeah whatever it is
please please don't get upset we did go
through a couple bowls so yeah just if
it's not you please don't be upset we
bake because it just like breaks our
heart to like then you go through the
comments or go through like tweets and
stuff like that that's why it's taken so
long to just on Instagram alone there's
over 4,000 yeah okay so the winner is
her name is Kaitlin P so if your name is
Kaitlin P check your DMS on Twitter
congratulations Kaitlin we love you
thanks for being part of the con team
and thank you to the rest of you for
being part of the best team on the
internet we love and appreciate you guys
so much keep being a light in this dark
world be part of the content you know
I'm talking about and we love you guys
we hope you enjoyed this vlog and
subscribe to join the contine
also like this video if you liked our
gingerbread house I was gonna say our
sorry excuse for our gingerbread Kisa
gabriel conte as strong as a log in
south that's the cotton you like in
times we got hot like a nagging you and
I
