wait have you ever seen a real Christmas
tree no this is your first time we
didn't walk away with the real tree but
we walked away with Milo's new brother
that wasn't dangerous
yeah oh I saw you see the another day
another day another line of merch dude
we talked about that later we'll talk
about that in a minute but first copy
cheers babe - coffee she never gets a
coffee chivalry is not dead ladies and
gentlemen ohoo Dane doesn't she look so
good with that another day crop top
right thing I don't know you know what I
don't know a song you know what you do
know though what Jame another way no
okay Jamin of the way
Christmas can we do like n cuz I didn't
sing it properly Christmas why can't I
say it right no idea sing the right now
babe sing that thing that song I was
just dreaming Christmas wait maybe that
wasn't Gabe's brother and sister-in-law
my brother and sister and Lois are in
town at the moment and we're gonna hang
out with them I think we're getting
going Hines okay I'm gonna show you what
the boys are up to
hey guys Black Friday
do you want to show anything the Lego
speak for themselves babe it's friggin
lit I love hey excuse me this is very
important stuff this is for big boys
this is for boys from the ages of 9 to
14 all right I'm done being a 12-year
old for the day I think I think now's a
good time what time is it
two o'clock that's perfect time for me
it's not being in twelve-year-olds but
we are officially gonna talk about these
dope things right here so this is
happening on Cyber Monday days these are
on sale right now like if you go to our
description of this video and click on
Jess and Gabriel calm slash shop we're
gonna find them they're on sale
they're available for 48 hours from
10:00 a.m. on Monday 10:00 a.m. on
Wednesday however they're on sale for
the first 24 hours so if you use the
code that we're gonna put right here
yeah 15 20 percent off on the first 24
hours so you get it now basically it's
what we're trying to take we've got
these three colors in the crop tops dude
my personal favors at 1:00 so how do I
look
before my shoes there now since we got
that out of the way we just want to talk
about the hoodies real quick ladies work
good job you guys a-plus modeling
basically what you don't want to be
doing is wearing this shirt you want
they sure know you want to be wearing
both however that's not on sale anymore
so you can't get it anyway so now you
want this any way you like I like how
that works
realtor close up close right here yeah
you ready yes these will be on sale also
on Cyber Monday there are two more
colors there's like a darker gray like a
very dark grey and then a salmony color
kind of close to the crop top I was
wearing but yeah be ready for that you
need be ready to 300 not be ready we got
to be ready cuz it's film in those few
days before but it's Hardy Alice moving
in the description plug plug plug anyway
anyway we're going on a hike dude and it
is gonna be lit it's already lit right
now because the Sun is so freakin bright
we may or may not have locked the car
we're not sure if we did or not but
Claudio claimed that if you put the you
want to come back here and explain it
after you put the key fob under your
neck your brain will act you're an
antenna yes it acts as an antenna you
don't hear anything right but now I put
it under my neck you hear that there's
nothing there's nothing you can do no
there was nothing actually matter you
good just run you have to run down we
have to run down to the forward motion
of us falling it just carries our people
carry I'll go down and I'll film you
dude you can run no you run it no I'll
go down first and you run down how sexy
was that babe
oh thanks no give in to peer pressure no
give in to peer pressure please don't
think just do don't think just do 3 -
dude this looks like the lamest thing
ever Cameron when you up there you're
like dude this view is ridiculous I
always forget how awesome this view is
about look at that beauty
what would Michael Scott say in the
situation look Simba no that's the
nothing - like that's you know that's
what Mufasa would saying just as
embarrassed behind the camera right now
and she's a babe don't do this but I
have to for all your office loving fans
out there this is for you did you hear
that babe that was sorry my voice is
back I'm not coughing into it oh my gosh
it's like the Titanic way sexier - the
Titanic thing okay we'll do the Titanic
you put your
everyone's looking okay we didn't bring
a lock with us so I think we're gonna
that one's ours
I think this is our sisters excuse me
yeah we're just picking a random lock on
here because we didn't bring one
okay you found them first what is it's a
Crystal Geyser natural springs water
Tomomi good dog I was such a bad joke
eventually okay guys it's time Katya and
I decided to a various I don't know why
but they decided to be a good idea at
this like stipa spot to geography yeah
he's ran we tried to sprint up the hill
which is very soon turned into a very
quickly turned into a slow trough he's
still running
he just commit what this view above you
that view right there guys we freaking
did it told you got a free hike but we
kind of paid for it it's fan mail is
definitely not family the city of Los
Angeles is our fan 93 bucks
Oh basic basically it's a 93 dollar hi
babe that's what I always say
are you kidding me right here this is
the sign that says no stopping this way
and we parked right I was about to say
that because I thought that's what but I
didn't I didn't know for sure I was like
oh I didn't really think about it thanks
bro grab an uber hold when we were
talking about like babe it says in our
stuff if you like not everyone else is
doing
Thank You Matty later that same evening
I all right buddy let's get the show on
the road shall away I think we were
still at the hike we were I just got the
ticket I'm pretty sure and we got it
keep it on their car I would really told
you yeah I didn't pay that yes okay
showered up we grabbed to buy some ice
cream and now we are on the search for
our first Christmas but in Australia
getting live Krita not live a real
Christmas tree you don't mean to say in
Australia it's very welcome for that
ladies and gentlemen in any way in
Australia it's very very rare for
someone to have a real Christmas tree
I've never met anyone in my life in
Australia that has had a real Christmas
tree like everyone yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah maybe it's the weather I'm not too
sure like because it's summer when it's
just oh you know why cuz the weather
outside and there we've no place to go
what was I try to harmonize an hour like
yeah anyway anyway we are now here and I
think there are real Christmas trees
just kidding okay we just had a burger
and ice cream
like I'm bound about from this clip all
that we need to say is that I'm gonna
see like real Christmas trees yes
there's like a real Christmas trees
right behind her
yeah we're not anywhere special we're at
Home Depot eBay yeah do you hear I'm
like burping and talking everything okay
wait for me wait Jessica
oh are you just so excited right now
these are real cause it can you smell
the like the scent of the Christmas
trees wait have you ever seen a real
Christmas tree no this is your first
time ever wait why is your head floating
what the heck why do you have random
hands
I love camouflage I love when a floating
head of kisses my cheek color does the
cue for you to kiss me I love when a
floating head kisses my cheek
babe look they have firewood too right
here your head still floating you what
why are you hugging a Christmas tree why
are you hugging a Christmas she's
talking about them like they're humans
and she's like they're perfect they're
so special they have zero flaws we
didn't walk away with the real tree we
walked away with Milo's new brother
welcome to the family Patrick just has
to pee really bad hey babe don't take
too long all right don't take too long
in there don't take too long peeing in
there all right baby a few moments later
nice karate chop I'm ready fighter are
you ready fighter Christmas tree
Patrick's ready to find a Christmas tree
yet you take Patrick I think he loves me
more milo loves me in the morning yeah
well look there's Patrick and there's a
dope another day hoodie right I'm
hilarious good-looking yeah I'm smart
and I'm talented and I'm humble you took
my freaking joke it was leading up to
know you all my work on our Christmas
tree
this one right here pre-lit what are you
doing right now just about filling out
chuckles Oh Patrick hope you enjoy the
concert my however we got a tree and we
got the last one total a tree like hey
we want this one she was like oh there's
only one left the display was so we
copped it bro bone so it's not even
gonna box or anything you need help baby
babe let me get a house you get a tree
I'm actually really surprised we did
that enough really good baby you were
really hidden do you how long I wait in
places like that just to try and skate
you look so angelic what we come to some
other stores because jess has this idea
that should happen I want to get a
basket for the Christmas tree that's
basically it I have no idea we're
together
it's like a big basket that the
Christmas tree sits in one utility later
we got a basket down a basket one big
enough to fit a Christmas
I don't think it'll fit no I'm gonna fit
we just have to move Patrick Patrick
what is your problem basket fits no
Patrick next to the trash cans that are
in here that we go okay we have one more
store of generating I am fading fast
he's ready to be great a better much
strange thing I'm a grandpa I just want
to watch him oh my god it's a stranger's
dreaming cream we up we are all people
that bedtime is early live one store
left
to to to to to to to to to tog that was
one of the loudest one and we're back in
the furniture section yet again oh baby
let me climb the ladder again it's okay
as in I sure do not perfect okay I'm
just gonna you are so talented you know
what's happening is actually very high
stakes because those are ornaments in
that thing so if you drop them there
shattering everywhere oh my gosh babe
baby I let it go let it go guys we're
back home and look it's there's our tree
it's really short oh yeah dude you want
to plug your Instagram talking eyes
you're talking and just bleep out random
stuff that you say sounds like you're
cussing the whole person just your first
tree in America how do you how does this
make you feel
I'm excited what do you think oh how to
use this he acts like he doesn't know
how to use it Nico like two days ago
subscribe to Braga you want to shout out
your chance no I'm serious my god it's
Bryan Carrillo you probably I believe it
how would we bleep your thing brag I I
swear you if you don't brag to ours
listen it's it's asked
okay just bleep that out its accent
perfect I heard the hawk thank you guys
so much for watching remember the
hoodies are out get them while you can't
in the crop tops that Claudio and I
award ever so gracefully more anyway
anyway subscribe to our Channel peace
out
Gabriel waiting for me we were just kids
we fell
