guess what just happened what are you
doing what another day Wow you don't in
the back another day another burp - you
know it is welcome back to another vlog
con team the best team on the Internet
right there that's your than that thing
right there
anyway today is gonna be a fun day when
I try and find something really fun to
do that probably has to do with a title
that's vlog so you guys know it before
we do that's that's really strange of
bizarre but we're gonna go grab some
breakfast so see you in a second but
first coffee okay we just had breakfast
but first Kathy Kim she didn't have her
usual she okay anyway anyway anyway what
are we talking about three hundred and
forty-six minutes later we're filming
this on December 1st baby
it is officially Christmas time for joy
anyway anyway we just woke up not that
long ago
hence yeah the coffee and yeah we
literally woke up at like what time I
think it was 10:00 which it hasn't
happened I think in all of 2017 we were
out really late last night on the
premiere of mr. student body president
season to remember the show shooting for
like three months this past summer it's
out so go check it out so good and he's
so funny in it thanks babe so yeah if
you guys want to check it out you can on
gonna any all that info will be in the
description below the first two episodes
are out and every new episode will come
out on Thursdays I'm pretty sure so
watch it guys it's really good thanks
babe the support in love a few minutes
later Jess what just happened what are
you doing what Jessica what was that I'm
sorry sorry for that what happened I
don't know it was just as we were
driving she goes then does that pulled
guys my mouth was full of flesh
uhaah calories you hock a loogie you
know I didn't I just went it was all
disgusting I'm sick guys yeah guys
justice been sick for a minute finally
finished being sick and she got sick
again so yeah looky all right you guys
remember those blinds that we were
looking at the other day when I made
that shady joke address ah babe you
wanna make a diss track cuz I'm ready to
throw you some shape
that was the biggest failure that was it
was funny it was a joke it's still going
yeah so we're back to keep doing because
we still don't have blinds in her house
so I still can't walk around naked I
totally forget where we have to go I
think we need to go where's the shadiest
spot in the store ah
chivalry's not dead ladies and gentlemen
it just gave just my hoodie because she
sniffs can't you have a look at France
it's exactly what she said she was
called thank you you're welcome
guys take notes cash don't think this is
the shade I threw at you last week drop
the hottest district of 2017 and it's
December so I say it a lot cuz a lot of
already come on already
alright here we go I'm just gonna
freestyle I'm just going we in Lowe's
but you know how nasty love from the
head to the toes Oh what I just saved
your my wife of him here
this is horrible that was the best track
I mean thanks it show was that was the
best I'm glad I have your boat you want
to try your hand you ready what I'm
gonna say it's your really lame and I
that was right you let me give you is
already so lame I yeah I finished it for
the following days do I love yes I love
you that was a freaking fantastic scare
high five to my set hold this real quick
Thank You Gabriel yeah I was waiting for
you that's it forever
anyway anyway if you couldn't tell it is
the next day after we got the blinds
Jess it took so long just kind of wasn't
feeling well so we just didn't vlog the
rest of the day Milo's going under the
couch fast coffee okay that it's not
even coffee I'm a businesswoman
what okay anyway anyway yeah but it is
now the next thing we figured okay we
figured we would finish the vlog today
go play mini golf because who doesn't
like a good game of minigolf I think the
last time we played mini golf was stop
the making me babe I think the last time
we played mini golf and it ended Terry
it was like over a year ago I crushed
him in he got so mad that is actually
the exact opposite of what happened
basically I kicked your butt pretty
badly thing is that no it's pretty close
until the end and then you're just
messing up and I was just destroying she
was P owed by the end I rubbed it in her
face as a good I like do you told you
any weight someone wins
in your face that's Gabriel yeah I'm so
competitive that like if I lose I'm like
fine I lost rub it in my face but when I
win I'm like I have the right and
obligation to let you know that I kicked
your boy that's always authority like he
always had the excuses of his sleep I'm
kind of tired though I gotta wake myself
up boom boom jess has decided that if
I'm vlogging please don't text me I've
decided that it has to be a punishment
we talked about it and just once there
to be a punishment if I if I lose you
said if you lose there's no punishment
if I lose I have a punishment yes the
punishment is that if he loses he has to
bake Christmas cookies with me because
he hates baking and I'm always like
let's bake one hour later it's December
Merry Christmas ladies Merry Christmas
mr. bootleg
are you ready to sing a little jingle
BAM all right enough Christmas music for
now let me go kick your button summoning
off baby you're excited about gonna kick
your button is off no welcome MTV Cribs
we we just moved into a freaking castle
yeah we got our club now like this is
the wrong style for me I don't usually
play with this you don't play golf with
a golf club
I'm just saying like if I lose it's
probably that's because you had a golf
club and you didn't use your foot it's
called soccer babe what's your name on
this scorcher beaver beaver think I
better name Khan team team for me
because you know the cantina always wins
all right ladies first
you're letting me go first I just want
you to like scrape it out a little bit
do the telephone people go first
wow that's not it come on now you got it
back up a little bit Wow
okay very poor decision anything you
stretch from anyway
no pulling what oh yeah there is no
hole-in-one just that are you kidding me
it was cold on me hold this for you
you're gonna need all help you can get
I'm such a smack talker Oh
oh my god babe don't stuff it up okay Oh
got it babe no pressure no oh no that
didn't count they didn't see anything
what delete that last clip that they
just saw okay it's hot okay
I'm sorry the weather is hot today yeah
of course here you have to ricocheted up
off the top you get a ricochet anyway do
miss
cries you need to freaking
so you can
here we go
no way no way no way are you freaking
kidding me that makes me so sad like how
are you the one that got a hole-in-one
babe I love you this is it this is the
last time we're second please
baby still one I don't know if I want to
know we haven't even tallied up I know
you dad for the first half of the course
I doubt 26 and just got 34 so right now
the Khan team is winning all of us are
winning Jesse's ooh I'm getting them
good joke I got 26 again dang I am do it
what was the final score 52 it might be
less than mine I think I find Omak
correctly you might have 161 and a half
the final scores ladies and gentlemen
the Khan team one boy you know what that
calls again for I really feel bad right
now guys I really feel bad for kicking
your it's okay bub well do you forgive
me
yeah good you forgive me but kicking
your butt great and then putting this
scorecard on the Christmas tree I could
put this on the Christmas tree so people
know that I am better than you at
minigolf just like a stop no I'm not
happy how many times in this vlog and I
pretended to be like SuperDuper sad yeah
you're the one that won fine every time
you like say something or do something
I'm like
so it cuts the black and white and has
some like epic music but hey you know
what that means I don't have to bake
cookies with you and you get to bake
cookies for me all right all right let's
get the shoulder or shall we guys like
this video if you like mini go I was
gonna say if you like that I kick
justice but but no if you haven't yet
subscribed to our channel also to be
part of the best team on the internet
spread positivity love and kindness all
the time you guys know how to hit the
con team bro thank you so much for
watching we love you guys thank you for
supporting us and everything that we're
doing and stuff like that god we could
make no fun videos for you guys like
this and peter gabriel conte
if we don't feel the pressure we're
kidding ourselves ain't it just like a
heart some thinner
