another day another another day no wait
we should do like us another day another
love you didn't good son so I'm we're in
Dallas right now we finished our Dallas
show yesterday I still have a sore
throat but that that's the outside looks
great you can't see a thing out there
but we got something from a fan and just
wanted to show actually Milo got
something from the fan it's his little
bow ties oh he's like put me down mom
you're embarrassing me anyways we're
checking out with flying to Chicago yeah
we have to leave now we have to catch
our flight this is a very exciting vlog
cuz we just got through like the next
section of tour stops and we have one
more left in Chicago but something very
interesting happened something very
special happened in Seattle yeah it's a
head of the vlog guys take the spotlight
Milo anyway okay there is something that
we need to talk about so we came up with
that like Cohn team hands symbol thing
that we did Walter too though I don't
remember but a lot of people going to
ask him to do a meet and greets however
after we posted that vlog
just really I was home-schooled so
obviously I don't know about this stuff
but that sim was that funny Sena so that
a hand symbol is close to another hand
symbol that means something else not
gonna go into it
but I think we're gonna not do that
anymore for the sake of everyone yeah
being appropriate and stuff so anyway
yeah I think that's all we have to share
for now
yeah but we're at the airport and we're
gonna take my plane sorry Sebastian just
loves the camera she's loving it 2,000
years later we just made it to Chicago
we're in the airport right now and man
was actually here and was here waiting
for her mom and he's also oh my gosh the
town she's coming to the show to my
fingers back she's gonna change
I'm so excited
we just met her like two seconds ago and
I was like a plus content right now is a
good scaring a fan not click we're in
Chicago okay Chile Chile Chile oh hey
babe
you're hot they're smoking hot Sebastian
who is our videographer for the tour say
hello Sebastian hey ladies he's single I
do that every show I go ladies he's
single when he comes up and like takes
photos and stuff he hates it so I make
sure to do it every show anyway okay
that's not what I was okay it's been
editing on the fly the part that we're
going to show you right now and that
I actually proposed that one of our
shows you have been planning it's like a
month or so
a while before yeah she had no clue so
that being said we're going to roll the
clip
in the
he's engaged
this is dead by the bus okay don't do
that honey you're on stage and he is
proposing today and he's proposing to
Ruth his girlfriend how are you feeling
I'm super nervous so I was probably
seeing what I was gonna say and every
single time I just started tearing up
and freezing and it's hard what I'm
excited it's such an honor that you
chose our show to do something like this
act now we're just talking about it like
that's something I think you're stuck
with that well you got you guys were
actually one of the biggest inspirations
for our for our marriage for our whole
relationship no because when I just
started dating Ruthie she actually
showed me you were guys this wedding
video and at the same time I was like oh
no it's just you do I don't really care
but then I started watching that at all
I started tearing up turning up and then
like knowing the chair goes down so so
after that actually went home and
checked out some of you guys video this
couple is awesome like they're G their
whole center of the relationship is
Jesus and I just I just love that in it
I've made it of course I mean I made it
a goal for the center of my relationship
with Ruth you have to be so Jesus would
be our center dude okay so the plan is
typically we do a fan verse fan thing in
the middle of the show we're pushing
that towards the end before the last
song and then we have a little thing set
up where we're gonna get Ruth and her
friend Emily onto the stage and they're
going to be doing the fan verse again
and though she's gonna think is that
she's up on stage doing famous and yeah
and when we finished the famous and that
is a prize for both of them but there is
only one prize well typically we have
two two prizes yeah each of them on
saying so they both don't walk away
empty-handed however we only have one
and then we're gonna be like oh wait
wait where's
hold on Ruthie I hold on let me go
backstage and get it real quick and then
I'm gonna bring him out he this guy the
prize yes and the prize is that right
done good
I'm so excited and super nervous but she
actually thinks I'm at work right now
I've been texting her all morning like I
have customers she's like I'm praying
for you and I feel so bad so she has no
idea that I she's out there right now we
are so excited for you and your new
engagement we hope everything goes well
wedding planning goes well and that you
guys are so so happy and live a long
happy life together with Jesus in the
center yes that'll be so much Ruthie I
can't believe I'm doing this right now
I've been planning this for literally
over two months now I've been talking to
them so super excited for this
it wasn't - so we're gonna give this for
you oh okay we only have one so I'm
going to give this evening
I'll go get home okay
okay you're sure
and he wants to spend the rest of my
life
uh-oh what's up so it is the next day he
totally forgot to vlog the rest of
yesterday I hope you guys enjoyed that
so today's the day of our last show but
you just held that proposal which was
like a huge moment on tour that it's
like we talked a bunch in that video
that's fashion way for us but yeah hope
you guys enjoy that super special moment
right now we're waiting to get into the
venue you have me granted to some fans
do you guys want to be in the vlog hello
how are you hi five boom nice hoodie up
in the content
hello guys there's more you want to be
in the vlog - hey where's your guys
canteen hoody oh no I'm kidding I'm
kidding guys
how are you thank you guys so much for
watching like this video subscribe to
our channel if you want to join the
contine right there you see that Gabriel
