all right ready another day another tour
another vlog another vlog there's
something about this house that makes
your books you're just too much of a
star now Gabe but Kai this is something
very serious that I need to tell you
that's my favorite things when we knew
he was coming we were like oh let's pull
the vlog camera now you know why dude
your laugh is still the greatest thing
ever for those of you who don't like
watch every single vlog which you should
like to subscribe you know the thing
that was the presidential handshake
history behind it used to do it all the
time growing up in middle school and
high school with my friends we brought
it back with Kai's outside but uh yeah
we brought it back with Kai on the vlog
and just freaking away funny because at
every single meet and greet people asked
to do a good game yes the amount of
pictures I've taken of the presidential
handshake is absolutely incredible
wait Kai okay anyway anyway anyway
everyone is asking and meeting greats to
do the presidential panel for me you
should be proud everyone wants to do the
presidential handshake I know we started
the thing well technically I started a
thing and you happen to be there anyway
all right guys this is sad moment Kai's
leaving now you know what that means
back later but
all right buddy let's get the shoulder
Lord shall we gosh guy is so freakin
funny
we typically wouldn't just like film
people who are like part of our
management but he's just to do more
talking about they probably didn't like
us vlogging
anyway anyway I found something out that
is amazing as of like two seconds ago
yeah Jess and I were talking yeah and
she was like man I really need some
caffeine and I was like well I'm gonna I
want to go get a coffee and Jess was
like yeah maybe I'll have a coffee
and I was like yeah hold the front door
you're trying a coffee guys she hasn't
had a coffee in like yeah I think it has
been a yes guys this is a big moment
from our relationship this is a huge
moment for our relation Aries crashing
because what if it's a bad this is a
ginormous moment for our relationship
right now yeah I've been wanting you to
have coffees with me for so long
every single day and this is finally the
moment and we happen to be sure of
everything anyway we happen to be
vlogging and it will be documented
everything is going right today I get a
coffee and it's a bad coffee that'll
turn me off have it at least like you
give it a shot shot of espresso - I was
late okay guys sorry it is a little
while late ah I just woke up from a nap
you can probably tell me it came back to
out harm and I was just sorry tired
I like hit a wall so I went and laid
down and I slept for a little bit and
Gabe left with Milo to go and do some
why we never went and got a coffee but I
think we'll do it when it Gabe gets back
I totally forgot but we booked massages
today in like 102 hours then we're gonna
go do that I just thought I'd give you
an update guys look it over it so this
is our bedroom right now so we are
sleeping in the guest room at the moment
because we don't have our bed yet I
think we explained that on another vlog
but it's just funny that we have
literally like nothing in everybody shui
anyway so I heard that just walk a
little bit while I was gone he said that
she said we were gonna get coffee before
going to get massage we don't
time because on my watch right here said
that we don't have enough time to do
that before so still running on no
coffee today really not living by the
book first coffee not motto also we have
these big packages yeah we know what one
of them is not sure what the second one
is and they look exactly the same they
look just like duplicates that's a
surprise fan and vlog after we finish
everything else we're gonna open these
yeah so that's about it right babe
right babe boy hello hello I got my
Australian wife hello right guys we're
gonna leave so we're gonna leave farmer
sausage net of masucci family after we
are going to leave for our massages now
so we'll be back soon
alright three hours later and now it is
like very much later we got our massages
and feel good it was one of those things
where it's like so painful and it hurts
but like after you killed a mouse relax
anyway anyway anyway any we're now
getting coffee because coffee is
freaking amazing like it subscribe
actually I don't know if I want to come
no baby you have to get a copy it's been
a whole year since you've had it fuck
off I didn't feel like it but I know you
have
yeah okay how about you try my deal yeah
okay you promise
thank you probably like and subscribe
like and subscribe if you like coffee
like the Vision Expo it's happening but
right now I'm gonna coffee because but
first coffee Sun okay
are you kidding you look at this but
first coffee
god bless america we're at least I know
I could have my cafe image is also that
thing is a strawberry croissant is
amazing
all right we are back home and we are
going to open these things we don't have
scissors yet so here's the keys babe
nice gadgets we are pretty confident
that it is just Nazis 1 million so we go
break it up clocks at the same time the
Jessie gave everyone in the Jess kunti
lunch but then we opened them up and if
one was accidentally sent and it was a
girl in Brazil let me think this is the
proper one we got the Justin Gabriel but
we didn't get Jess's so pretty sure this
is Justin however we have this extra box
over here it's second and we're so
confused this one doesn't have like a
youtube sticker on it or anything like
that this one does right there
boxes are exactly the same yeah same
size same way yes that is a YouTube the
moment we've all been waiting is this
just hunting one milli YouTube play it
is the correct letter cuz if you didn't
know when I got my 1 million play he
sent me the 100k letter so Jess Kutty
Jeff's gotta fight but what is that
second now the real moment of truth to
see what this second box now I never so
confused
it is enough this is another YouTube
what the heck is happening right now
this is another freaking YouTube plan
what is going on are you Jess
now has 2 1 million bucks
are you kidding me I like they we send
it back to YouTube can't do it they're
not gonna give it to the new announced
it has your name on another chest
you literally can't do anything with
this second one other than keep it
Sophia
first of all say hello to the vlog she's
frozen hello are you frozen let it go
what I did there anyway anyway anyway
look at this for one second okay you
ready 3 2 1 Jess just got to 1 million
plaques no idea me Dan oh right there
has been a little gap of time and
there's been a little gap of time since
the last clip and yes and I have been
discussing what to do with this extra 1
million plot we thought it would be
really really fun if we gave it to one
of you guys you want this in your
bedroom with my name on it and we can
sign it at the top I shouldn't say that
it's all here you can sign it
sure yeah I'll sign it too so this is
going to be a Twitter lash Instagram you
can choose giveaway so make sure whether
you're entering on Twitter or Instagram
make sure you're following us I'll put
all the handles right here they're
actually the same gabriel conte Jeff's
on sambo platforms yeah but you're gonna
want to tweet or post an Instagram
picture with the hashtag gimme the play
hashtag G I mm e th e PL a qu e give me
the black baby
you could wean us a video tweet us a
tweet or upload a picture on instagram
with hashtag upload a video on Instagram
it could literally be anything you just
be creative to create and we're gonna
take Bonnie one person we can only pick
one person yes we're just giving away to
one we're not kind of no it's really
funny I want it that was a great joke
we're not cutting it up anyway anyway
anyway anyway and be picking the winner
for Jess's extra plot here in about a
week to two weeks I guess we will be on
tour so we'll be very busy with that
time you see this video we're probably
already on tour so we'll be figuring out
sometime in there and the winner and
send it to you guys once with where I'm
from - oh yeah be creative funny and
we'll send it to you soon whoever the
winner in this ticket in this vlog took
a big turn we were not expecting to do
this giveaway Thank You YouTube for the
extra plaque so what a bad buddy okay
okay go to there right there we go
sleep time we did that being said like
this video if you want that plaque I'm
telling you and if you like coffee I
already told you like what to do if you
like coffee so basically this videos
gonna get a million likes because
everybody loves coffee right babe yeah
you love it so much next book thank you
guys so much for watching and we really
hope you enjoyed this bloke subscribe to
join the contine that was so loud in my
ear the best team on the internet Sean
and we'll see you guys next time peace
out gabriel conte fuck you
