largest piece of pizza I've ever seen in
my entire life I didn't even know you
had a three to one another day it was
good now we have to get on the elevator
I know the day elevators go
I never day full of Sun good it's 12 19
we did sleep in though because we just
finished our New Jersey show Austin show
and our New York show
hey Jess and Gabe we strive to be like
you guys we we want to be couple goals
like you guys you guys are so mean
like the fact that like god is number
one
your whole motto is just like show me
this I appreciate your videos then
there's us closer together it really
does I really didn't know of you guys
until the wedding video came out I saw
the love and I saw all the emotion in
that video and really hit me it hit me I
want to be the exact same thing you guys
are with her thank you guys really
appreciate it
we love you Jessica
we have a day off in New York so we're
gonna hang out here it's gonna be a
super fun day we have some things
planned and whatnot plan out logging in
Polish so every just looks at them it
was a peaceful there couple and they
look at us like what is that oh it is
cold dude hello New York really yeah and
it's very windy and very cold we meant
to start this vlog earlier but we
decided to practice what we preach and
the first caucus just never gets coffee
you guys already know that you already
know No
anyway we're staying right by time when
you are walking to Times Square right
now yeah oh but the fun thing of the day
before I say that one thing what's up
conteiner yeah what feels good to be a
gangsta yeah but what's up contained the
best team on the Internet it has been so
cool meeting all of you guys while on
this tour and it is incredible
I tweeted this a little but if you wanna
follow me on Twitter plus we didn't
realize what like an amazingly loving
and caring and respectful we have the
best fan base most encouraging things to
see you guys and hear your stories and
everything like that and what I was
talking about before we had a photo
shoot like one of the biggest
photographers on Instagram you know
Brandon Wolfe for me the photo shoot
with him later today
very light yeah like with the smoke
bombs and sparklers and all that stuff
but anyway anyway we're just kind of
hanging out for a day enjoy a New York I
really shouldn't be yelling is we have a
show in like a few days I'm just going
into forever 21 right now wait I uh
welcome missed my exit here whoa it is a
club hey hey guys welcome to the club
about forever 21
three hours late Dale so that didn't
take long at all to find one jacket
kidding we bought like just got like
three different things then I ended up
getting some stuff I was like I gotta
look good for the photoshoot today we
were basically in the club I know what
happens in the club however you're gonna
hang out for a little bit but we decided
to go just walk back to her hotel real
quick because my bladder size what the
heck
quit stalking us we have one day break
from you off of highway I'm kidding good
why were you here though we were staying
here oh you just wrecked it that makes
sense wait now you're in the same hotel
as us yeah you're fired
oh dude wait I didn't know you're
staying here tonight you got it from
American Eagle I'm guessing it's really
nice she want to go inside it was a fun
joke well at last but what were you
saying not to seem like a creep or
anything like that you guys have a photo
shoot in Brooklyn Bridge but I'm gonna
be at the Brooklyn Bridge later today
because my college of course you're
gonna bye see ya man all right guys we
weren't planning on vlogging in the
hotel room but now it's a party because
Kyon's enter here why am I so I was like
why did I do that anyway anyway anyway
here's like the gifts from you guys you
can't take them with us or we are
literally shipping them to our own PA
box so we can pick them up when we get
home our room is just a complete wreck
just as getting your hair done for the
photo show yeah do you want to take us
on a tour kai I feel like you're getting
more comfortable with the vlog you can
now start vlogging oh yeah hold look how
dare you trip over my son now that
you've heard the feed I could sue but if
I hurt my letting gun you're fired
you're fired okay actually you already
finished the tour stop signing my five
minutes later
oh hi
two hours later all right let's get the
shoulder roll of shell way a lot of time
is passed
we don't have that much time before them
we have to wait for the photo shoot and
Amira book and bring about the hospital
and I need a pelvis my jeans my new
jeans I got it if they are falling down
like they're falling down right but in
the time that we weren't vlogging we
actually got a lot done we're able to
shape all of the stuff I don't see we do
actually I don't think we did that much
basically but do you think you're really
productive but you're not well looks
like the night at the club American
Eagle
okay so we got food got my bill yes and
justice all dressed up and her thing I
got my stuff for the photo shoot and
there's our first time meeting Brandon
well we'd like to talk to my minds were
really excited for the shoot it's gonna
be freaking down like he just recently
like blew up because the photos are so
bad so we're really excited to get a new
photo shoot so we made it and look who
it is so no pressure on taking good
photos also we're waiting for Sebastian
so on Sebastian
you'll probably be watching this at some
point so we missed the sunset or
whatever it's all your fault
Thank You Sebastian
finally are you ready for Duke you're
waiting for like 20 minutes anyway are
you serious five hours my god I
literally just ran I was like shoot me
Brandon so we're walking down the street
and it look it's like a very photogenic
Street like the buildings and stuff like
that like seriously and just is walking
down she's like oh I love the street
it reminds me of Warren brothers and if
you know if you've been following the
vlog for a bit who like and subscribe
blah blah you would know that Jeff's
freaking goes to Warner Brothers all the
time like what's about anyway anyway
anyway
yeah we're vlogging why does it have the
vlog I can subscribe what professional
photographer professional videographer
professional vlogger professional idiot
whatever it was a joke I make oh oh
photo shoot what it's lit oh this is
where we're doing our shoot okay what
it's closed
we're cancelling the photo shoot I'm
pissed location number two we just shot
in a little bookstore at thank you bro
just like your face classic husband joke
right so we just walk by like oh what's
up Sebastian it means I came the guy was
like I thought you're in California he
goes yeah I'm on tour that is true you
are on tour I wanna shout out you're in
screen for no I won't do that go follow
him at I knew I was gonna have okay
whatever I told you we weren't gonna
believe a talisman
ya know right there psyche you it you
know just casual photoshoot
these are incredible you are so good bro
so these will be up on Instagram check
out Brandon check out us to you
obviously like before don't check out
Sebastian I'm kidding it's a wrap on the
photo shoot baby you know this calls for
VIN the ultimate dab how did you guess
anyway anyway a gust of wind just blew
by oh my word my nipples are so hard
right now but in other news we got he
just gave us his book has all your like
photography and stuff right this is a
photo book it's called luminance Gaius
luminescence
I was reading it upside so where could
they find it on shop catalog calm no but
for real free allows you to follow my
poem on the Instagram and that these are
heavy your solid yeah I didn't know
photography wait so much what was that
you're like that's a lame joke oh my
gosh she looks so tired are you kidding
me
we're taking subway and we are going to
get some some New York pieces Jessa's
already a New York you like the cheese
we are so very good the place is like
the best show sorry
we better like it yeah it's hot though
what do you mean it's just hot it's like
really hot like my wife you're gonna
have some pizza and I'm gonna eat a
freaking thing and stuff my face and
it's gonna be delicious food but it's
not right what email
find out anyway anyway anyway this place
is specifically known for their
artichoke Pisa that's why it's called
artichoke pizza no way was this place
called again artichoke pizza because
they sell artichoke pizza you know oh
good so I'm probably gonna order some
pepperoni pizza here yeah babe you
really not want the artichoke pizza so
we made it here to Washington
what anyway anyway anyway we're here in
Washington trying famous the largest
piece of evidence
the largest piece of pizza yeah that
we're eating an artichoke piece it is
like world-famous right yes it is Thank
You Sebastian right ready thing we
waited I'm ready 2 1 wait wait what do
you feel the mist yeah it's raining
raining if it's from the waterfront 3 to
think
that is so good that is so good what I
told you my life has been changed is
really good funny a few moments later
god bless in New York Pete's are we just
down at the pizza I think we're gonna I
guess so much for watching remember to
like and subscribe subscribe write in
the comment section below
leave a like on this video if you
enjoyed it and if you like the pictures
that Brandon took cause he's pretty
Savage dude you're welcome and subscribe
to our channel if you haven't already
join the best team on the internet the
Khan team didn't even white team :
but anyway you sow yeah and Gabriel
Brandon as the bastard party
translate okay come on
