oh my gosh wow that's gonna be so bad
don't do that don't do that it just like
my eyes are so that's not how I wanted
to start this out I wanted to start it
out with even though it's kind of not
really involved yeah it is I mean we're
gonna be driving around in the car it's
a video a lot of my lugging okay anyway
so today we thought we'd do something
fun two days ago yesterday two days ago
two days ago we were driving around just
playing disney music and i was playing
like the Banger disney tunes from back
in the day like Aladdin in the Lion King
and jazz playing her high school musical
bangers if that's what you want on you
know it calm and basically from that
experience we thought this would be the
funniest thing if we film alright so
without further ado just is the okay
juju juice it is that a bad would that
be a badge acid noise thank you take out
yeah we're just going for a little Drive
let's start with this I can show you the
world tell me princess
my head hurts from screaming so loud I
probably shouldn't be doing this because
I'm going to destroy my voice in my
vocal cord and we're not going to the
studio soon to record another no or not
that's not I don't know what you're
talking about YouTube content please
don't be so ridiculous get a grande iced
camel macchiato and a venti iced green
tea unsweetened with lemonade two
blueberry muffins please maybe changing
the order on me last minute and stuff I
thought we were getting blueberry muffin
I told you that back then no Lily went
today did she say that the camera was
off it wasn't on the vlog did it really
happen
but you can this is not how I do not
want to sing when you take your chance
I'm crashing timeout I'm questioning how
do I know these how do I know that you
probably you play this stuff a lot I
haven't seen number two I saw number
three one something we definitely have
to watch the second or probably don't
you're gonna love it probably why you
know this embankment be deep
yeah I know I know that part
I'd love to bake shooter scones even a
pin down
you know no one you like have those
songs that you think you know and then
you start singing in your to
rock-and-roll gave our microphones in
hand guys this is underrated Disney song
of all time
then it goes into the reprise from one
theatre kid to enough this song is legs
it gotta keep one choke well it's you
already know the words but it's nice
only when I can't afford and that's
everything I found one part where they
messed up the singing and they kept in
it it's a funniest part in the whole
thing cuz he messes up singing anyone
else you know that's seeing a wagon or
is it just me in the whole world cuz
everyone I talked to about just on
seeing a lot in they fit crazy
yeah Aladdin is probably the are you
crazy that's the best Disney movie in my
opinion laden is probably the most like
Disney movie by people who watch Disney
movies back in the day once Dame once
something is the potty is for you okay
look plant right here what's me ahead of
the sword and boy swing that is a secret
that I found in that song that I show
every we use and to Italy still let's
rephrase the question do you want to
make your husband happy
I can show you the world that when did
you
babe this is you don't you dare lose
your I play the reprise of the first
song playing it's so meaningful and deep
people done it this part of the musical
just down he's an orphan
riff-raff Street rats I really wanted to
sing the words there I just I think
you're a fake a lot of fans
I'm not a fake a lot they see a poor boy
no sir B there's so much more to juban
up human pride don't change the musical
on me babe oh I like the song
it sounds so good Jess I know you want
me Jessica
yes so don't you I thought I thought you
said we were done listening to high
school musical
High School Musical for cash on the date
but you're here in my first you think
they would actually cast someone like
Hugh Jackman and has no musical form but
great decision sorry I'm just fine I
have to fart it's just on my mind I
don't know the lyrics that well yeah I
was making them up halfway through
actually the whole time I was making
them up but what are you gonna do even
though the sound of it watch this like
crazy as I can also it was Sophie's
favorite movie so to speak did you see
me whipping in their name - it was
deemed a future oh yeah I'm sorry no
what I really shouldn't have been doing
that I need to learn from my mistakes
let me just let's pull over real quick
and then we'll do it again
Oh way those quads oh look at those
calves do you yeah bro I've been working
out let's get the Lugg day it was
driving me when I was driving in America
I was sitting there and do it in the
back yeah and you're like oh you want me
to get in the front and then so you
climbed over oh yeah exactly like that
I have to he let the real one beside the
French let it snow let it snow let it
snow oh the weather outside is frightful
actually you haven't yelled that the
whole day I've yelled the whole time
sorry guys for yelling the whole time I
can see what's happening what and they
don't have a clue oh they'll fall in
love and here's the bottom line our
trios down to two
not Disney what's still banger all right
you guys like this video if you guys
sing along too if you agree with my
philosophy on Disney musical like the
video if you think a lot is awesome like
the video if you think the greatest
showmen was actually High School Musical
4 that was very fun actually enjoy doing
this kind of video sorry this wasn't
like a vlog vlog style thing I just want
to shake things up you know spice it up
like that guy didn't know this thing
that thing yeah we want to spice it up
like that comment down below which of
those songs was your favorite every what
in which Disney musical is your favorite
Disney music yeah high C musical does
count I know I'm really kind your
favorite musical cuz now I'm curious
alright musical in general because it
means so with all that being said yes
thanks so much for watching this video
remember to subscribe to our channel if
you have not already be a part of the
best team on the Internet the Khan team
and don't forget to grab your content
clothing at cotton clothing calm
everything is in the description below
we said everything that you get so much
for being so supportive everything that
we do love you so much lisa gabriel
conte changes
just this time strangers you feel no I
can't huh ah what nothing all right
latte it's fine Mike they like put NOLA
lemonade lemonade that is too much lemon
odd huh what's happening
I can I can see what's there now it was
a vlog I was holding the camera like a
blog that was a vlog it's a vlog now
guys okay bye
