guys I literally married a fan I married
a freaking fangirl another day and
another day another bloke on team how
are you good morning well we've been up
since 6:00 a.m. we went to bed really
late because we were finishing final
plans with the tour and we headed to the
airport right now well we got a walk out
of the door first but then we're headed
straight to the airport going on
freaking tour guys we're headed to San
Francisco gonna be friggin late dude one
hour later oh my god just made it to LAX
and I feel up the whole car right now
like to San Francisco where he may have
but right now first coffee as always you
know homeboy inside you did not kind of
she never gets a copy of it so since the
season it's on record that she's gonna
kind of cut but what I was gonna say is
we just been a fan she's actually from
Australia walk and she came up to us and
then after we like talked to him and
everything I'm like she literally just
watched us but weird I can't sing enough
yeah
it wasn't like she wouldn't have watched
it was probably like oh wow they're
kissing really affectionately that's
probably them all right we're on the
plane very small boy we'll only find fly
45 minutes till L see you in San
Francisco guys we made it to San
Francisco you're trying to steal the
show right our flight was good we had to
roam around for a little bit because her
hotel wasn't ready but we're now getting
ready in the hotel we are here a stop
we're now in the hotel we're now in the
hotel in San Francisco when you're ready
to have a great day we're gonna go see
the Golden Gate Bridge which will be our
first time seeing actually I've driven
on it once
what did knots not your first time yeah
I just realized that but I haven't done
the experience of taking the nice photo
and stuff like that anyway with that
being said we're gonna get on with the
day but before we do that I want to talk
about these for split second look you
need to update you guys because Saturday
the sail was supposed to happen we
didn't realize how high of a demand
there was for these things that we put
them on sale on the website crashed two
times and then we just couldn't get it
to work as everyone was sitting there
refreshing and reloading and stuff like
that we were trying for a couple hours
that day and it just like it wasn't
working so we decided to figure
everything out pick a new day later on
that would work in up the quantity a lot
of you guys wanted these a lot more than
we thought so we decided to make it a 24
hour sale they will be available for 24
hours unlimited quantity so you get as
many as you want there's not just gonna
be 500 so because so many of you guys
wanted it and we just felt sorry bad
with all the troubles that we had that
we wanted to make it up to you yeah and
make it available for everyone one
person can order 500 if they want go for
it do it I dare you you will watch
someone I actually go buy 500 of them
don't do that don't waste your money
like that but get one 13 so that'll be
available on Friday at 3 p.m. until
Saturday at 3 p.m. those are Pacific
Standard Time which is California time a
lot of the other times in the places in
the world will be in the description
below and the whole Milo were vlogging
calm down even Izzy between my legs is
balking at the cleaner don't work at the
cleaning lady she's a nice lady I
promise
miles you're right it is that Justin
Gabriel dark calm slash would they
already know what the 24 hours held it
yeah there's two colors now he just
rambling nonsense but let's get on with
our day because we're gonna have a fun
day and I have no idea what so we're
about to leave and I freakin need some
coffee because my energy is low can I
slap your face too little wake up sorry
I love you but the reason I pulled the
camera before we actually left was
because I walk over here Jess charging
her phone and playing The Sims thing the
same thing this Sam hey excuse me
hey I'm playing SimCity not the sins no
you're playing census I just started it
today oh she's right now I only started
she looked back and she was like oh
mister
she thought I was filming her this is my
accommodation right now anyway anyway
you're a nerd you just got dissed and a
little boy is tired oh yeah
scratchy-scratchy-scratchy scrap I need
to lay down
alright thank you very much god bless
okay so I do a little Google search I
have no idea where we are but I put in
the address from the Google search I did
find
coffee shop in the area that we're in
and this is it I think it's across the
street one sec I got a look at Matt come
on
found it golfy but first betty middle
company got our coffee and I am freaking
ready to take on the day you have no
idea jeff has some sort of plan that she
has currently rerouted us on because she
just figured out I'm one of her favorite
TV shows with set in San Francisco and
it's called month
yeah 99% of you haven't watched that
show it's about a detective or something
or other
anyway anyway the place like in the very
intro like what's the theme song so like
a main clip and the theme song that
plays every episode it's like guess what
you have some food in your teeth for a
judge yeah you do you actually get out a
little bit you want to see in the
defenders chivalry's not dead guys I
told you once it doesn't matter doesn't
realize I'm vlogging right now I'm
double knotting cuz you never double
knot I am shoelaces always compatible
I'm capable of tying my shoelaces that
way I have mine like pre-tied I only tie
my shoelaces we want to double knot him
and then I slip my feet in and out we
got it dirty
okay is it him in a drive it's an 11
minute drive 11 minutes
okay that one minute just I think that
changed my mind I'm already what are you
apparently what I've learned from being
in California for the past little bit is
people from San Francisco don't like
when you call San Fran San Fran oh yeah
SF or San Francisco I've decided to take
it upon myself today to say I freaking
love San Fran Cisco just hates when we
go up a hill new comer this is like
freaking out right now
all right thank you man tape don't trip
when you get out since we're on such a
steep hill he already been guys she is
so excited to like see this spot right
now are you fangirling a little bit yeah
you don't want to it's this right here
everyone this is the thing her reaction
live reaction quick babe babe just look
what this is the angle or whatever guys
I literally married a fangirl I married
a freaking fan he didn't care she's like
yeah you did so I don't know if we're
going to make it to the whole house
thing because I want to go get a photo
at the Golden Gate Bridge and then this
was like her photo spot that she wanted
to go do so last priority is the full
house thing you want a photo here nothin
yeah you know what my reaction to this
whole thing is we already saw Jess's
reaction you know in my reaction is all
right guys comment below if you've
actually seen mom because I make fun of
Jess all the time for watching it's an
amazing show but no one has ever seen it
at least but who I know and then jess is
over here like it's my favorite show
ever
I can subscribe bro seriously just made
my life so happy what about me
my inner fangirl is just really happy oh
man I married a freaking Wonder chef
we're getting out of here quick okay
never oh we made it our uber
driver was freakin legend talk to him
the whole time I'm out let's look at
this view are you kidding me dude it's
so chilly right now chilly chilly chilly
that's something that no one will
probably get either this is so sick dude
I love it man San Francisco and the guys
that is normally not this clear like you
can see everything right now like you
see all the mountains and stuff and the
city over there dude oh man but this is
beauty freakin fall dude this is insane
look at this guys look at this right
here
oh wait after turn the camera that is so
gonna get a frickin picture for the gram
did oh we just took a few photos and boy
is it hold my word I can't feel my face
when I'm with you I can't feel my
fingers Oh anyway anyway when I was
singing but I was literally just
standing there like this
yeah I think we're gonna head back to
the hotel I had to eat some food or
something but we got to get out of here
because we cannot got sick for the ship
sir all right did you know there's a
freaking low god bless where's it no no
that's yeah I was gonna sit next to you
over there and you freaking we
maneuvered it you just bumped into well
we're back at the hotel now oh yeah back
at the hotel now oh and I think we're
just gonna order some food watch the
office oh you can't wear that
are you serious is it that shmegmer I
mean is it bad it's not do this oh come
on that was one you're being silly
I wasn't being so sit next to you
whatever anyway so we have to be really
chill because we can't get to sink women
to be on very cool restaurant vocal rest
so that means we shouldn't be talking or
anything well not too loud
I freaking love San Fran yeah she crazy
Wow
so yeah just gonna be really - yeah and
the battery's about to die which is
perfect timing because you enjoyed this
below like this video if you enjoyed it
was much more she'll stay tuned for lots
of like traveling touring below yeah
we're gonna be in 17 different cities
over the night like four or five weeks
so it's gonna be hectic a lot of
traveling we've set like days aside to
actually like enjoy the city like we did
today and just continue building my city
tonight oh my gosh literally every uber
ride we had she was playing the sins
every single one I don't know I don't
lead check it and let my nails and my
wood and stuff
what is that I'm just collecting my
stock hello why are you messing with my
glasses
anyway anyway anyway we love you guys
thank you so much for watching remember
to subscribe to join the contine the
best team on the internet love you and
peace out and gabriel conte Milo say bye
say bye buddy
see bright oh okay alright that's
nuclear if we don't feel the pressure
