are you kidding me wait what the heck
are we getting pranked right now where's
the hidden cameras in our house are you
kidding me
another day another vlog but why am I
saying it by myself why isn't Jess here
I'll get to that in one second today
today today there is a very very special
announcement that we're gonna start off
with right away and it has to I'm just
gonna get right into we've talked about
it before is the thing reacting to in
one of the blogs a steady hand wait for
it oh but I'm just gonna get right into
it and babe
you want to come out ready is the runway
babe just walk out three two one is that
a con team hoodie with Los Angeles
underneath and a con team exclusive logo
right there because con team clothing is
like officially the thing like that's
gonna be like our merch it's gonna be
but it's like not just armor it's like
our merch
our merch like contains this is sorry
comfortable yeah no not like we made
sure that the quality of this stuff is
legit we have a box over here of a match
and we got them in black check this out
we have black ones - they look freaking
sick dude these are actually like super
comfy like contine clothing we have an
Instagram account now that's just called
con team we got the handle I don't know
how that happened oh hi my love so with
all that being said we'll give you guys
the information for that in a sec but we
are running out of daylight because yet
again we started another vlog like five
or six o'clock so we're gonna do the
photo shoot for these things right now
and we got to get out and these photos
have to actually turn out really good
because they're for the website and
stuff like that so let's go jess is
behind the camera now but we couldn't
leave David hanging and you know so uh
come on you want this one sure yeah good
no me the lights off
Flint roller roller say watch everyone
especially when all your wife likes to
buy our white fuzzy blankets then when
you buy black stuff you just I love my
job okay photo shooting frickin photo
shooting for this thing look in freaking
fire literally because if we have
freaking smoke bombs how she's looking
david bomb watch oh that's my wife
you're talking about that i'm not saying
it smoke bomb oh my all right that's all
you got that's all this thing peak you
get that's it nothing back inside and i
smell like smoke bomb yeah but we're
back inside we're trying to get the
photos on our laptops and stuff but
they're a little being a little sketch
so we have David here trying to cover
his face and we have Milo here
destroying a toy giraffe Milo say hello
to the Khan team they're trying to Oh
now's a good time to explain this oh yes
sorry guys this is actually very
exciting he's very exciting we are on
FaceTime with the manager right now the
man and so we're confirming that the
flash sale goes up this Saturday at 3:00
p.m. correct
3 p.m. at Pacific Standard Time but the
thing is there's only 250 gonna be
available in white and 250 in black so
there's only gonna be 500 available for
the entire world anti walk so the reason
why we do that first off we want it to
be like a very special thing like the
first release of the con team stuff we
want it to be limited edition that's
very special it's gonna be limited
edition sale and it's also my love's
stop playing with your toys you'd makin
noise dude
toy not playing with your toy dude stop
making so much noise Sood way the Khan
team like we've talked about in past
vlogs a Khan team us you got all of us
together we're here to promote
positivity and all that stuff and we
kind of wanted to put out 500 of these
hoodies to start this next like leg of
con team and what that's gonna be
and have you guys who rep this as the
ambassadors for what we're doing so
there's gonna be like 500 people wearing
these around the world yeah yeah I'm
like the ambassador's like that first
thing and we'll we will visit head we
will be releasing other lines in the
very near future and we wanted to be
like a thing like we're gonna be coming
out with dope clothes and clothes
clearly I can't even talk right now dude
we're coming out with dope clothing
meaningful clothing not just merge to
come out with merch like we're coming
out with stuff that just hasn't meaning
behind it and and it's gonna be freaking
movement I'm telling you on Team is
something that we can all just gather
around and be part of this team the best
team on the internet dude that's what
it's gonna be um let's see look really
cool not to mention they look freaking
dope bro thanks David
so it's 3 p.m. Pacific Standard Time but
I'm going to put a screenshot right here
of all the other times in different
places is the world
that's not alarm on your phone if we can
raid I don't know what that is I love
them yep I can't even explain there so
don't look at this freaking babe right
here oh what a frigging stud actually
you wouldn't be a stunned I think I mean
I can be a stud if you want me to be is
that ok ok it's so enough talk about
this we'll be wearing for the rest of
life you want to keep looking at him but
to get on with the rest of the vlog
let's do it boom that transition was
kind of pointless because we're like in
the same place but enough with this so
we already talked about this crap on to
the next time not only do we have one
freaking huge package wait - what could
they be all right got a scissors what
my guess what this is you guys probably
can guess what this is right now all
right you do what could this be - one
hot team hoodie straight from YouTube
what's kidding guys kidding it's not
please what does it say I'm bigger than
thank you Oh Norway Oh Norway awesome
thank you
Oh Nora why dude he's got the freaking
good part wait is that is this tooth it
doesn't say no way did you see that no
way no way we got someone else's 1
million plaque are you kidding me wait
what the heck well it's actually a
pretty faces are we getting pranked
right now where's the hidden cameras in
our house who snuck in here I haven't
heard of this person before maybe I
would recognize Janet too far oh we
don't know who that is we are so sorry I
don't know DM us on Twitter or something
it was not expecting that at all cuz we
both were waiting for our vlog channel
and Jess is waiting for her 1 million
plaque for her channel so we figured oh
they both just came at the same time
this cow she's from another country guys
we just got someone else's 1 million
plot are you kidding me wait we have to
open the other one now since we got that
out of the way which is so bizarre she's
from Brazil you know it's so funny
though YouTube when I got one my 1
million plaque they said either they
sent me the wrong letter they they put
the 100k letter inside that yeah and now
we just got someone else's clock we
don't have that good luck with YouTube
blah but I don't even know how
get that you have because she pretty
sure she lives in Brazil that's what we
got from doing a little research
so stop sucking you know how to social
media like round 2 everybody all right
babe tell us what's in the box what's in
the box 3 2 1
cotton sweater again oh god a YouTube is
on it dude they know what's good son
hey okay no really put that back in the
merch box right here huh nice and tight
are you bigger than thank you but we
have bigger than Venezuela also big in
Las Vegas why does that sound so oddly
familiar oh here we go
oh there it is baby freaking did it oh
my gosh
she literally pointed at my name she was
like important I was like they forget to
spell my name on that is so exciting we
got it what was that we don't have my
hand oh my usual come very soon no but
that is so dope babe we freaking did it
I mean we did hit a million a while ago
brought 1.7 now so thank you guys so
much for allowing us at 1.7 million guys
want to see yourselves in the sea yeah
so shiny it's so cool that YouTube is
the one like social media platform that
rewards their creators with something
like this like an email saying well that
YouTube recognizes that because that's
why I really love you yeah YouTube is
there's something different though look
at this okay so here's the here's the
100k Plex these are the new ones Jess's
which was just Bauer when she hit 100
okay
that sounds so weird I think I married
her up quick but we have just Bauer
Justin Gabriel but then I hit 100k like
awhile ago and it's like way smaller but
now like the 1 million won and this
wasn't that long ago and that it's like
yeah like look it like that one's so
like thick and bulky and this one's
really nice and thin who's that
good-looking shake right there oh that's
my is my head like it looks like a
filter Ellen on snapchat so we'll be
hanging that up shortly but that was not
planned so insane I mean how could you
even plan that yeah we called up YouTube
we're like hey we need a good thumbnail
here thumbnail you send us someone's
plaque no we can't return it to you you
will probably like send it to ourselves
or we could have maybe we could like ask
our manager to contact Kyle's our
manager so when we say Kyle maybe we
could ask Kyle to like ball boy what a
vlog dude that's put a really big spin
in the vlog but the vlog must go on guys
I need to show you something
no wait so since we announced the new
sweaters and we just got a 1 million
plaque we thought we should celebrate
and what are we gonna celebrate with
baby ice cream obviously and where are
we gonna get ice cream where are we
getting your ice cream maybe not I
realize it's really dangerous walking
out like this cuz like it's announced in
the blog such Shawn Mendes
that's nothing holding me back okay that
Shawn Mendes can you please be quiet
we're trying to vlog here okay like it
is like I'm trying to vlog I'm just like
I thought what I was trying to say it's
dangerous walking out in this stuff
because like it's not actually announced
as about the frickin furniture section
every freaking time dude let me tell you
oh no they have new like blush stuff
this is just as color this isn't good
guys this is not it look at her face
look at the smile on her face right now
are you excited
what is that Oh freaking a and now the
rose gold section are you kidding me
it's very pretty
are you talking about yourself nice just
literally every new thing she goes huh
this is so pretty this is so pretty huh
this is so pretty huh this is so pretty
babe what is it is it so pretty he ate
everything what they have here look they
have to freaking content parties right
there yeah I know what the heck why in
this section do you yeah this is a very
strange section to have it in hey where
did you video
oh we're we made it to the promised land
oh just grab what you want and then I
just wanted the Cherry Garcia
they were here checking out why is this
so close to my face
so we're here checking out a target and
we realize that target saw it first the
con team sweaters it's not a secret so
we've left on che yes and miracle we did
walk out with any house furniture things
not today sir not today some of you
might know where that reference is from
twice right my childhood right there
yeah anyway we thought that we would
actually just walk I mean what we
thought that we'd sign off now
so we hope you enjoyed this vlog and
remember to like this video if you don't
forget to senton along on your phone for
these they're going what day live
Saturday Justin Gabriel calm slap shop
remember there's only 250 of these as
250 these bad boys right here excuse me
also if you aren't subscribed yet please
subscribe and join the confi and the
best thing on the internet we're gonna
be doing big things we love you so much
ok gabriel conte do you know takes us
slowly trying
little do you know I'm trying to make it
