Oh what is that behind you just what is
this bin oh I am I think my I was
running oh my gosh I'm so hungry okay my
love did you hear your call hey babe you
don't like alright I'm gonna stop using
I know I don't want to throw your ears
come here I did say that he loved you
which of you guys haven't seen it go
check it out and like and subscribe and
you guys already know the deal in any
way son you don't like I know Milo do
you like it
he's not it yes hey Jess stop eating dog
food hey babe
nice glasses hey Milo nice haircut
oh hey Milo way to be confused oh my
gosh I look like a potato while Jess is
taking my outside take a freaking dumb
I'm gonna take this minute to say what's
going on that's team on the Internet
right right right team side nice bit you
guys like it I've been growing it out I
posted an Instagram picture that little
put right here and I feel like there was
a good response with the beard there was
a very good response I'm think I'm
digging I think I'll let it grow for a
bit see what happened people said that
he looked like Nick Jonas Zayn and Sam
Smith I got seen a lot yeah that one I
got because we were like both already
like same skin color same like facial
hair color anyway anyway anyway today
we're doing something very special that
is the funniest thing ever give me the
slip just like the water
say and I'm like okay I'll suggest how
do one of these things that we're going
to get not straight like one for her
that she had for a while and she loved
it used it all the time and her family
is taking trips into town after we got
married and her sister was gonna come in
but her sister didn't know that she
thought her family and her family came
and thought that Sarah had already
brought it it was really messy and
confusing and I still don't have the
thing Jess and I made the executive
decision we were going to go Jude and
bring you guys along on the journey I'm
actually so excited so excited
was the video no no don't pause yes
positive after we're done talking
comment what you think it is was a video
comment and then keep on keep watching
the video that's actually final see if
you get it right he did it right anyway
guys we're going to the food place that
we talked about was it in the last one
it might have been in the last vlog so
subscribe like and subscribe we love it
very much
one minute 37 seconds later well that
was a fail I'm literally says closed
Monday right on the door and we've
missed that every single time so on
Monday when we decided to go it's closed
where you want to go now welcome to all
we need to figure out a play go eat
because we're currently starving
we have starving okay
anyway anyway I don't know I was so
excited to go here we are so starving we
haven't had any lunch we had like a
small breakfast for rehearsal earlier
today been working all day we're
starting this vlog at like 5:30 in the
afternoon so we're so good at blogging
leave a comment of where we should get
narcan have a few slogans we left by the
slogan slogan one of them
it's 6:00 p.m. that's my rule if it's 6
p.m. and earlier still have a copy it's
not 6 p.m. don't be able to fall asleep
so if I'm gonna be able to fall asleep
it's if canvas I love coffee
oh my she never gets don't forget coffee
no it's not this is a car you know when
you're really hungry many finally it's
funny these some music goes on that I
was gonna use this for the overlay of
what I was about to do okay baby full
now from that lunch dinner thing use
your full full across I'm almost 23
close next month is my birthday so guys
help me what should I get him oh yeah
she doesn't know what to get me guys
helped us out tweet her something I
don't know yeah I won't be looking at
those tweets to see what you're getting
me Ben oh it's green 20 minutes late now
we made it we made on a scale of 1 to 10
how excited are you actually like trying
to come up with something clever clever
answer for the vlog vlog life okay now
you can find what happened to the other
point five percent look really ones I'm
like get
so once we're in the store then I gotta
let's get in there quickly
now we're getting it babe we're getting
myself they still don't know and I'm not
going to show you I mean you see what's
going on back here be still don't and
you could see what's going on back there
well huh
and you know or don't you you'll never
know well you're not like really soon if
you keep watching the blog I can
subscribe like and subscribe we just got
the thing holy cow that sunset is insane
oh my gosh are you kidding me - look at
that sunset sunset is on fire baby they
probably found our mixtape what why is
it so zoomed in what okay let me zoom
back our big
they probably didn't find our mixtape
they probably found under the covers vol
2 5 5 in iTunes I keeping the suspense
up baby sitting right there right out of
frame you can't see it I'm just really
happy right now she's really happy that
we got this thing it made me feel so
homey having it feels like you're back
in Australia around here doesn't show a
nice eye we back in the house and Oh
what is that behind you just you want to
announce it right now what it is what it
is what are these
because what is this bin ready oh I am
so ready baby you don't even know drum
roll please Milo you ready I think my
eyes running it's a new ukulele which if
you don't know jazz explain what you're
doing whenever I travel that take my
ukulele if we ever went on my vacation
how to take it everywhere and moving to
America I didn't bring it with me and
you know who else in bring it with them
to America my sister Sarah and rutan
Janine and Toby okay guys we just got
another one and it's listen you wanted
to sing together cameras not that guys
the camera is not
sounds pretty dope that's called a mega
dad the speed death what are you talking
about it's called the ultra-dense we'll
ever be
because your praise will ever be smashed
you professional ukulele playing guys
didn't know we're going on tour you know
what that calls for if you want to hear
us sing so that our baby I was gonna do
the ultimate dance for real though you
guys if you want to get tour tickets get
an edge as in Gabriel calm it's gonna be
fun they're selling out fast as of right
now we got news like how long not long
ago there's one ticket left in Chicago
and that's the last one we announced it
may have sold out already we don't know
if that one ticket has Soviet though but
we're not being said make sure to get
your tickets we're guessing Gabriel calm
and what else can you get there and what
else can you get there music and what
else can you get their photos no what
else can you get their pretty sure
that's all you can get there anything
that you guys want is there any way it
doesn't get like a like a subscribe okay
just brought up a very good point
your old ukulele had a name oh yeah what
was it George
sure George okay you want a new name for
this ukulele you know what I think we
should call it woody get it cuz it's
made out of wood down below that was a
little lame oh we should call it giraffe
has such a long neck what'd you say
okay for all you new members at the con
team if you don't know who Jaco is a
really good friend of ours and when we
started the vlog Channel he was on all
the freaking time like well he can watch
any old vlog of ours he was basically
and he has a really long neck I'll put a
picture of him right here also he looks
like Cinda sloth but that's beside the
point I just spit everywhere so Jaco if
you're watching this we want to let you
know that um yeah you look like citizen
love you buddy let us know it's a boy
that's it's a boy we're pregnant it's a
boy I'm just kidding Jess isn't pregnant
I am now it could be buzz but why would
that be named buzz when there's not even
a woody well it's original woody but
we're not gonna go with woody what's the
next best thing buzz since it's Woody's
best friend and we named it buzz Oh
how'd you get to see Bobby oh how did
you get bro I got ya a lot of people ask
can we give our friends nicknames yeah I
guess that makes sense
that'll painting that nothing will keen
I love with Matar SP so fun about
violence I think shows coming down below
if you want but I really think that has
a good buzz to it should I do that babe
you know you have to have a good time a
select possibility hey baby you are just
so cute
no you are stop pulling on my
heartstrings oh we are so clever and
corny and disgusting okay hey nice
ukulele what is that made out of tree
bark he doesn't like that all right you
guys oh let's get the show on the road
shall away you didn't even care place
yeah not this this is comedy right here
class a vlog comedy like and subscribe
baby subscribe and subscribe
no but for real though like this video
if you enjoyed it at all we had a great
time getting just something that she's
been wanting for so long battery
about a die so we made some perfect
timing there also subscribe to the
channel to join d team the best team on
the internet dude seriously the con team
it's friggin dope up in here that's all
I have to say also it is the best team
on the internet because we are a team
who's devoted to promoting positivity
and love and perseverance and just being
kind continually and persistently
definitely something that we want we
want to promote and share and I think
that's one of the reasons why we really
felt comfortable with being like oh
let's do con team and like do a fandom
name kind of thing because we really
want to like get people on board with
what the message behind it means and to
be part of it is something that is a
building process for everyone makes
everyone a better person throughout the
process how would you agree yes yes and
I think there's not enough like kindness
and positivity on the internet so you
know that's really cool that we have
this like team that's all like for that
yeah so if you're internet troll and
your party your internet troll team you
can join a new team stop showing people
what are you doing dude anyway anyway
thank you guys so much you like see me
hope you enjoyed it yeah we'll see in a
couple of days soon a couple days
remember everything is that Justin
Gabriel calm and if you live in the u.s.
we might be stopping at your city get
your tickets now cuz there's already
four cities sold out even that being
said peace out and gabriel conte
with you it's me
