he used to be my facebook cover photo no
way and you know what the caption wants
I can't help falling in love are you
kidding me
I wanna stay right there backup a backup
now look to your life it's looking too
oh dang who is that good-looking guy
right there
who is happy baby but you know what you
know what it is you know it is but you
know what it is another day
you guys couldn't see that on the other
side of the camera David we're just
standing there watching us like just
like that he just has to accept the fact
that Jess and I are gonna make fools of
ourselves well me I'm gonna make a
fullback so before we get the day kicked
off we want to mention something to
these white landscape people here we get
the blog going you gotta make it
something cut two engines change we
gotta mention something to the contine
because it's gonna be something very
exciting in the very near future and you
want to let you guys know but we can't
show it yet but Jess and I are going to
see it and let you know we think about
it before we present it to you guys but
we just want to let you know that were
cooking cooking up something when you're
cleaning yeah in this bag right here all
right so we got to be very careful here
Oh a little you ready oh my god this is
insane oh you keep scaring me this is a
process that's actually so cool David
pull out pull out wait for it Oh around
the house make sure not to show it in
the background over there
dude that is freaking dope oh my gosh I
cannot wait for you guys to see this we
have to open look at that's the other
car oh yeah the other color of what I
don't know
oh very nice Oh
oh that is so sick I'm so excited for
you guys to see this something you know
what this calls for what the ultimate -
excuse me I'm trying to down here are
the ultimate before you get babe all
right guys we have come up we have
approached we have encountered we've
encountered a dilemma with vlogging
which is sometimes we just don't know
what to vol we don't know what to vlog
today is one of those thing you can't
just pick up the vlog camera and film
random stuff cuz then it doesn't make
sense you need a story you need a theme
you need a title for the vlog it needs
to have some substance you know I need
to have a juicy so the problem is is
that you're trying to come out with a
vlog you don't know let's do and then
you're like you're trying to find out an
idea for this vlog so we gotta ask them
people what the vlog so we're gonna do
that right now the show on the road
shall we alright
oh we have someone else to ask hold on
so David what should we do this vlog we
need your help any suggestions ready
three two one guard ah
maybe go Mario Kart go-karting ah right
babe
my what should we do in the vlog today
you have three seconds to answer three
two one my love you're a genius that may
be the funniest thing we've ever done in
the blah my gosh anyway let's go out
someone else bro we need your help with
a freaking vlog give us the first idea
of what you think we should do in three
two one go
we're trying to figure out what to do
for a vlog and we want your hat no no no
no no no no no listen we need your help
say the first thing that comes to your
mind 3 2 1 go
and I kind of missed having a shaved
face you know what's really good I gotta
shave the other happened quick hold on
is the second blog irrelevant we started
with vlog and we're so good at vlogging
yeah we're just busy doing stuff during
the day like working and everything and
then we are like oh we need to actually
law today and it's like 6:00 p.m. and
it's dark outside and we're like man
we're really good at this but this right
here this feels so weird I like already
feel like I look different I got used to
myself with a beard and now I look like
you look a little different good
different yeah feels good to be a
gangster 20 minutes late now turn around
it's possessed the film is possessed she
shut it off it literally says it's off
yeah yeah I think you're crazy so we
were on our way to go get some dinner
and then we had to make a pitch down at
a pharmacy because we got some mad
heartburn using your scratcher oh that's
very nice I like it
mmm that feels really nice on my newly
shaped face so I think heartburn is a
thing that you get when you're older so
confirming we're hey babe noticing a few
things around here that says it's
Halloween you know what that means you
learn from last blog button our native
hasn't made it to Panera and we always
whenever we come here reorder the
broccoli cheddar soup which I just
didn't she got something else and
honestly to make me feel a little salty
what are you talking about that was very
funny oh man we're call upon that's
crazy you know it's another vlog where
we eating a meal you know what that
means so guys I just feed it out for you
guys to send one-word answers of what we
should do in the vlog right now so we're
gonna let you do
awkward dancing in public embarrass
think I've ever done in public person we
please go right now and literally was
going to this in children
look like truant in Thailand we just
watch the dancing and you see the part
clearly really see like when they make
eye contact because anything come out we
left quickly you're an artist man
they're real quick real real quick so
while we're on our way to target I just
wanted to remind you guys that
chivalry's not dead no it's not if I've
told you once I told you a thousand
times Larry is not dead I really wanted
you right now but there's like every
single whore in front of us has people
in it right now do it for the vlog but
you have to pick a song fast you can't
let me stand there baby baby baby oh
like baby baby baby no fool of myself in
front of so many people today you know I
make a fool myself on the internet all
the time but when they're there in
person this lighting is awful but you
know I gotta make do with what you got
anyway anyway guys one thing that we
wanted so one thing that we wanted to
talk about was the whole con team thing
because we've kind of just been calling
you guys a contine because here part of
the con team you know but last vlog at
the end if you watch to the end you know
what I'm talking about if you didn't
shame on you I don't even remember what
but you don't even like and subscribe
like and subscribe we're talking about
that's meaning behind yeah like a
II will roll the clip right now for the
last vlog of just a little section of
what we're talking about we are a team
who's devoted to promoting positivity
and love and perseverance and just being
kind continually and persistently and to
be part of it is something that is a
building process for everyone makes
everyone a better person throughout the
process and I think there's not enough
like kindness and positivity on
that's a no that's really cool that we
have this like team that's all like for
that and now since you saw that clip you
guys know that like you gotta like okay
there's meaning behind it and it's
really cool seeing the response from you
guys we just put that blog out there was
so many tweets today that said like I'm
proud to be in the kunti it's cool that
it's like a thing to be better people
and to go out and spread positivity to
go out and cuz that's what we're about
yes sorry for the lighting guys but it's
I'm sorry we're driving we need to get
better at vlogging during the day it's
really cool to see people within like on
team within the best team on the
internet like becoming friends with each
other and having little group chats with
each other and it makes teamwork to make
the dream work baby oh oh excuse me five
minutes later
got a detour the vlog we're not target
yet for Justin I've been listening some
music and having some conversations to
find out some new things about my wife
guys I was just telling him that I used
to love Elvis
no no but like I knew it she was like I
used to love Elvis I'm like okay you
like his music and stuff like dope okay
cool the pelvis saying I still love his
music yeah and she was just playing it
and she's like oh do you like this songs
like this song I love this song back in
the day oh man and then she like kept
going on oh I love this song
man I used to chant this song so hard oh
this was such a good one man I used to
love I love us so much I had a crush on
Elvis and you know that and then I
looked at her I was like no I said I
used to crush on Elvis like what are you
talking about you used to crush on Elvis
and then she goes like the old you know
like the Tom blurry pictures of him when
he was young
like what are you talking about babe he
used to be my facebook cover photo
no way and you know what the caption I
can't help falling in love are you
kidding me babe we sing that song in our
first EP but get under the covers on
Biden's bottom you have got to be
kidding me baby what oh my heart man you
do you learn something new every day
right sometimes sometimes not the
biggest stuff I'm sure I'm just saying
like look I was into Star Wars in like
Pirates of the Caribbean okay I crushed
on Johnny death because he was the man
kidding me Captain Jack Sparrow legend
but with all that out of the way guess
where we made it - oh I don't know just
target the target so we made it to
target and we have no idea what we're
doing here and now we're in the
furniture section yeah but these pillows
are really nice I mean Jess your head is
floating oh oh wait oh yeah my bad
you're just wearing camo on your torso
your finger like stuck in my armpits
that I guess like that guy that's I
think I know Connie you didn't know I
don't know you're not doing anything oh
oh did I call Finn a kiss thing he's
laughing
it's upside down before she had it
upside down on her face this is what we
were going to do what are you doing
without on stop acting so immature
oh my gosh baby what were you doing if
you can go to the gym lately we could
just get weight to that that is very
true the biggest ones are 12 they don't
have heavy enough ones for me today
Oh three perfect always always we're in
the baby section freaking again why are
we always here but we're not having a
baby anytime soon or are we I think we
both just found our dream onesies Jess
is Spider Man Spider Woman so we decided
that Jeff should probably get that you
baka once our themed and one we get
comfy ones these two Halloween costumes
check baby you you're gonna look good in
that shoe pockets never been more
attractive but yeah we're out of here
we're gonna look so good with these
onesies on it looks pretty good
oh hey no no that's so rude no you can't
not age we're vlogging really here
that's weird that's what you think of us
alright where and then we'll stop
vlogging then guys Milo hates the
lightsaber look watch it watch it oh hey
don't use that language in this
household like Chewbacca Chewbacca is
your mom and your dad's a clone
alright you guys thank you so much for
watching remember to like this video and
subscribe to join the econ team the best
team on the internet hello what are you
doing dude alright thank you guys we
love you and peace yeah Gabriel in my
okay that's your bud god
