yes that's so mean that's worse than
scaring me at the start of the video
yeah walk I walk in here and I hear
havens going oh hey you know where to
reach me if you want to get him back
not another vlog with Jess just yet as I
decided to do another thing where I'm
doing something behind her back like
shaving my head if you haven't seen that
fog go check it out remember like this
guy's you know it is anyway today is a
fun day I asked my assistant who's
behind the camera hey I put on his to-do
list for this week
find a Millenium Falcon from Star Wars
if you don't know what it is it's giant
anyway anyway anyway giant ship I asked
them to find one of those didn't find
one even realize so we thought we had a
brainstorm what's the next best thing
that can be close to that the Lego
Millennium Falcon so what am i doing
today I'm going to buy it just doesn't
know cuz she gets really upset when I'm
buy Legos but recently we've had a
breakthrough where she's realized that
it is kind of a stress reliever for me
to buy and build the Lego set because
I'm always focused on work it's
sometimes hard for me to fall asleep
whatever so we both came to this
realization that when I'm building a
Lego set it gets my mind off so I'm
using that little bit of bake that I
have on a good side with Legos to go and
buy a huge Lego set ready this Lego set
is like over $100 so I buy two so that's
what we're doing today as always first
coffee buddy metal cafe I just got a
text from Jess that said you were acting
very suspicious don't come home with a
bald head I'm not doing that to you
again I'm not gonna go and get my head
shaved and go buy a kids to go shave my
head at home by myself
no I'm kidding I'm not gonna do that I
feel like I'm doing something that's not
as bad as shaving my head I don't know I
learned my lesson last time babe 1
minute 37 seconds late oh oh we've made
it ladies and gentlemen I made sure to
get a big car is the one I'm looking for
right here it's the size of my whole
horse yeah
baby I'm sorry won't even fit here you
know we have to put like the big things
at the bottom look it's got another one
decisions decisions
I don't have any of the big ones I have
that one have this one have this one of
that without one this one yeah realizing
I don't have that many you should
probably get more I'm like do I want
this
I feel like I'm being judged a little
bit in this target right now okay I'm
fourteen years old right I don't know
though my strategy here is to soften the
blow on Jeff's just mentioned a few
things that you wanted to come to target
for later today but I'm just gonna try
and remember what she wanted and get
them for her so she's not mad at me for
getting these you know marriage for you
right there she mention she eventually
found a light bulb found moss that she
needed for a planter thing I don't know
if the house furnishing things just also
wanted a dog bad for my I'll use that to
protect my lighthouse sleep tight don't
let the bedbugs bite
I was looking for like these little
succulent plant things I just wanted and
I couldn't find my thought to myself
what is the next best thing
starwars club when I was in a kid no big
deal I didn't do anything then I just
want the target no David didn't I gave
him the camera because he likes cameras
and he may or may not have film stuff
babe it's okay it's fine maybe maybe not
no baby hey y'all you'll see when I get
home you better not have shaved your
head
Bubba job no babe I can't FaceTime you
I'm not I'm in my office but I'm still
like my camera is rolling right now babe
I don't want to give anything away
oh just you'll have to see when I'm
paying well I'm having a panic attack
same things I am
my heart is beating through my Justin
Gabriel split up okay babe I will see
you when I get home I can't give
anything else away do you want me to
come Trey home are you almost done
filming then we're probably like ten
minutes away so by the time we're home
will you be done yeah okay all right
then we'll head straight home I'll see
you soon she hung up
she even said she was like it'd be such
a you thing to do to just shave your
head again after you've already shaved
odd messing with her is fine she's gonna
be like like what that can you do that
and then I'm gonna show her it's done a
lot of money on Legos so oh crap that's
not that red light that's a stop sign
the outside then come in now I'll keep
you updated hey buddy
we've told just to stay upstairs babe
love you no not yet we have to set up
since she thinks I've shaved my head
I'll put this back on to freak her out
even more just do it the same way as
last night
okay Jeff already why do you have a mask
on how do you know how the mask on I can
hear you did you dye your hair
David David what happened
you have to come to the house no I'm
gonna cry on I know what did you do have
to come sit oh my god no it's fine
what are you doing sir
no but I don't you're so freaked out
that we were like let's just play
pretend that I did something oh my gosh
you're so not happy with me right now
are you I'm so bad anyway anyway anyway
I have some good news and I have some
really good news should we have the good
news first I'll take that as a yes
okay sweet so we went to you had
mentioned a few things earlier that you
wanted from Target so I went out of my
way to get you your light bulb that you
wanted for your lamp oh thanks down in
the moss that you wanted for the tree
that's so key and it's such a key job I
was gonna get you the succulents but
unfortunately they didn't have him there
so I decided to get the next best thing
that's your lights a buck take it
think you're still shaking no no then I
got you the Big Bang well kind of oh my
gosh
I got my loose bed I know you're doing
all of this to this Jackson fact that
you got a fuckin Millennium Falcon II
knew it this is the really good news but
you know what's better than one Lego set
you have your king two big lego sets are
you kidding I was thinking about laws
there I was like why would I just buy
one Legos when once I'm done I'm gonna
go bind you how much time I say if it
was like ten minutes of target and back
so down the road just store this one
away I build this one and down like a
month from now and I'm like another Lego
set I think oh my gosh I don't have to
waste 20 minutes driving to Target I
just walk to the closet boom pull out
this thing genius you filled I don't
know that you know that he's not you
don't so you're mad that you were
nervous
yes that's amazing that's worse than
scaring me at the start of the video no
they took me Bob I'm sorry what are you
really mad at me no I didn't really I
didn't like at first it was just a
playful I was gonna get like I said it
just gave me a little
it was about buzzing my head like I
already have a bug head wouldn't know I
come home I'd like definitely involve
like this you forgive me oh my god hey
thanks
jess is going through her footage right
now of her video that she was filming
while we were out and she's trying
yeah but I walk I walk in here and I
hear them going David's going oh hey you
know where to reach me if you want to
get him back
I'm really sorry babe
actually I truly am I love you okay yes
please don't give me crap
chivalry's not dead Bobby
it sucks so to make up for it and you
just wanted to go to the mall and get
some stuff a Sephora you taking me to
get makeup yeah that's what husband's do
when they have set their watch I'm not
that good
you were very sad like so anxious for me
I just didn't realize how nervous she
got about it all and that wasn't even my
intention my intention was to come home
with you not even knowing anything
really bad but we're gonna get makeup so
yeah 11 minutes later we made it to the
mall and we're ready to get to makeup
yeah he's going to get her makeup now 20
minutes and that means that my dream has
come true of not spending two full days
inside of the makeup store
oh no she's getting the Bob you guys
she's getting the bug she wants kids dun
dun dun dun
Jess just picked up facemasks and I'm
not gonna fight it because I'm gonna be
a good husband and do whatever she wants
because what because I never bad - you
never do anything whatever it's fine
because we're gonna do it face masks at
some point right Oh MacDonald had a farm
eieio and on that farm there was like
what the heck why was that in my head I
messed up at the end it's all good
the real failure was the song choice I
don't even know what song it was anyway
we're off to go pick up my load the next
clip is gonna be him all fluffed Milo's
gonna appear my arms in three two one
oh my love's here oh this doesn't look
like my leg hair cut they gave them they
literally they shaved his whole body but
then decided to put nose injections I
was literally like miler like if this
isn't you did you have fun like he's not
responsive I feel like this isn't my
life did they drugged him yeah hello
hello before we end the vlog I just want
to say like they save the people in
Florida yeah and in the Caribbean in
those areas like the dr and cuba and
stuff like that i'm from florida and my
family is shacking up hunkering down
because of the hurricane that's coming
through hurricane Irma that is right now
worse than harvey was when it hit Texas
so I'm nervous for them and for everyone
there which is my whole family and all
my friends from back home only just stay
safe and pray a lot yeah so a deep my
family's watching us I love you guys
stay safe no see you guys soon my best
friend
yes she's in Orlando and for all of you
in Houston they've been praying 'thy we
have been praying for you guys we didn't
address that on the vlog or anything
like that
but I guess we'll just address it now
with everything else going on in the
world yeah we really hope everyone who
is being affected by these storms is
safe and is getting help and we love all
of you guys with that being said and
thank you guys so much for watching
yeah it's an unhappy no milos home alone
is it my own dong and we're gonna church
night which is really good once we shut
this off we were getting ready and had
enough heading al is heading over there
remember to like this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to our channel
to be a part of the ecology the best
team on the internet Sun and everything
is at Justin Gabriel calm the tour
tickets which is selling out fast
Chicago has just been announced as of a
few days ago so make sure to get your
ticket and your merch which is also I
doesn't get real calm in their music
which is also had Justin Gabriel calm
and anything else you need I just get
over
gabriel conte later that same evening
what the heck did I agree to I'm not
happy Jess
