this is just really sentimental are you
gonna cry yeah bum should I just
proposed to you again you forgot we were
vlogging today yes how dare you the vlog
like don't stop so I never clean her
here and she'll probably be looking at
us like why are these two idiots filming
themselves but was good content and now
that day and now loves the Sun today's a
special day today what is today babe
what does today mark what does today
mean what is the anniversary of today
today September and what does that mean
you tell them what did we do September 9
last year September 9th we did some we
do oh yeah we got engaged sorry I was
just a small minor detail I forgot in
there but the real news I'm kidding I'm
kidding we got engaged you got engaged a
year ago today so we thought I'd be
special to have some breakfast grab more
just my song stop doing please showing
this off oh that was Jacko trying to
message me Jacko you'll have to wait I
have more important things like vlogging
and get breakfast at Sony at coffee
doing the thing then we're going down to
Laguna Beach where we got engaged and
having a picnic first time I'm hearing
about that I don't know what we were
doing I thought we'd go to the same
restaurant and try and eat at the same
table that we hate it yeah okay let's
see that prize babe surprise and then go
to the same spot that we got engaged yet
because we haven't been there in a whole
years have you really cool to go back at
sunset and reminisce on relationship
gross --mess I need a bearing on God
probably sure there's days where just
forgets to put her ring on and normally
oh my god it's fine she was quite they
comment on it she has
today would not be a good day to not
have your ring on because you got
engaged you got it year ago today I gave
you that tie freakin five lit Sun five
minutes later
before breakfast we wanted to check the
peel box and I just got a package and
it's a very special package you know I I
just so I hearing
I literally just lost all my hair that
is sorry laughs good thing goes bad guys
freaking Amazon primed a box of airhorn
I am so happy right now so we found this
new breakfast spot and we've been coming
every single day there's our third day
in a row it's just so cute and like
quiet
I feel like knowing do know that yeah I
thing is right now there's no Park
anyway what I'm saying homeboy needs
coffee because I'm feeling weird right
now and the caffeine if you know what I
mean so that I really probably shouldn't
be doing this because that's gonna
destroy right here it already has it's
funny though guys I realized a better
way to do this hey babe nice bandana
there's always an app for that ordered
breakfast oh you know what number we are
number one does the contine is freaking
number one do to say I'm the best team
on the internet you know yes now I can
subscribe if you aren't ready hey babe
orange you glad we came to this place
because oh man I really like it a lot a
Yeah right so just decided that we
needed to have a little impromptu photo
shoot during breakfast yeah you did
log in here alright it was not three
photos paper you can eat like we took a
photo in one spot it was like a million
photo especially of me I just look like
a potato special my shaved head I'd
literally shave my head and turned
myself into a potato my burps are good
today and let me tell you anyway they'll
already be up is what I'm saying so
let's check out those photos because you
know we're trying to get the plug
breakfast day is fun
I'm the real date big game babe all the
wins coming soon you know what that
means that is the funniest thing oh my
gosh you've been framed oh yeah babe
I've been framed
yeah what cash me outside how about that
where hey babe we're gonna use your on
the beat this probably isn't the best
place to do it but I'm gonna do it
anyway
all right Kelly you got to pick a song
quick because it's gonna be a little
dangerous you know to me is it too late
now to say sorry cause I'm missing more
than Jesse yeah oh my gosh trying to be
spider-man
call me Peter Parker one hour later it
is now one hour later funny surprise
Jess's driveway Bonnie because it's
always mean driving this is like
opposite of what we always yeah that's
true
it is very true but we are off to Laguna
right now yeah guys just says she thinks
she looks sailing with her bandana on
but leave a comment telling her how
freaking cute she looks
everyone thinks that you look freaking
beautiful and gorgeous
you just need a little boost of
confidence and I'm sure that all of the
contine wants to help out with Nick
their con team the best team on the
internet spreading positivity in love
anywhere anyway anyway we're headed down
to Laguna the GPS says it'll be about
two hours so road trip that wasn't even
planned we've nailed it oh man we're two
hours later we made it to luck you know
that one that exact one was the one we
parked in last time we came here a year
ago he was acting always I think when I
was acting I was chill I was so chill I
was good lady I was actually crapping my
pants oh here at the restaurant right
there that is it right there I'm so
close but yet so this is the last place
we were before you had that ring on your
finger forget
hey was good walking down the street
like you know I should reppin my murse
check hey I'm not but you should buy on
Justin Gabriel calm that's so
thus far in the vlog we have taken you
along the journey of the day that we got
engaged happiness I guess we have they
sure we've explained the whole story
Michael yeah we did thank you a year ago
you know like it subscribe we're gonna
walk through exactly what happened so we
left the restaurant we were trying to be
tired the Sun was going down I needed to
propose at sunset I was already freaking
out so we're headed there and then we
got to a certain spot where I was first
planning to propose which didn't end up
working out and I'll explain why once we
get so we are now at the place where I
was meant to propose I want you guys to
see it cuz it's a very beautiful
so before we got here and we're like
kind of crunched for time because
technically going there as you leave I
had my friends who were photographers
here waiting for us and I was like
trying to like play it cool I was like
oh look there's photographers there we
ruled it but I got out of the car I saw
that there were cops there and Jesse's
like I'm gonna stay in the car yeah
which was perfect so I run over and
start talking to the cops and
photographers who she didn't know I knew
couldn't have met them before so it was
perfect talk when the cops are like oh
it's illegal to be here we're supposed
to give you huge tickets for being over
here but we're gonna let it slide but
you have to find someone to do the
proposal we were kind of freaking out
and we have to go all the way down to a
park down there and we were in the car
so we could drive but the photographers
of mine had parked somewhere else so
they had to walk all the way down now at
this point the Sun is way lower than it
is now and we were holy crap you're
going to lose the sunset they have to
like book it over there we have to get
there find a random spot there I was
freaking out I was crying I was crapping
my pants at this point was when we
continued to drive did you through the
other spot see you in a sec we just
parked is like really crazy sentimental
I'm sorry sentimental it's
cheesy inverse but like right back there
is where we started to war again gonna
I'm gonna put my hoodie on first yeah
yeah I'm a gamer again oh good okay this
is legit it I can't repair right there
where that white car is and then we walk
down this path meanwhile this whole time
so we were over there we ran down the ru
snapchatting palace on snapchat
Gabriel coffee and Jes Conte cookbook
the reason why we came here to this area
was because the cops said that this was
the closest public area with a good view
and it was at this point that I saw that
area right there it's right you can't
really see it cuz it's unlike we're
walking down and I solved that area and
I was like that is it like it was it was
a god thing I'm telling you like we were
just walking out and I was like holy
crap that's what I'm doing it right
there and the view is just incredible
here like look at this it's freakin
insane right now right now was when I
was like okay things had a little like
blanket towel that same one we now you
from Milo this is where it was right
here I had a song I had the guitar I had
a letter that I wrote her I read it to
my friends with her cameras walking down
that road and I was kind of here for a
bit because we drove and they walk and
my heart was literally going like this
this is just really sentimental are you
gonna cry
I'm not gonna brag or anything but I did
pretty good huh both views were bomb
that one and that one
bub should I just proposed to you again
for old times sake Jess please stop
hugging me I need to just get married
hell yeah Jessica Marie Bow Wow Jessica
Marie Bower will you marry me if that
wasn't the cheesiest thing we've ever
done on the vlog very surreal something
back here because it's happening
right here oh my gosh we did yeah that
spot right there we took a picture we
were like you're sitting and I had our
legs kicked over we'll enter the picture
right here we're just suckers for love I
would say I'm the hopeless romantic but
but I got this girl I got a game son
game all right goodbye proposal spot
until next time goodbye little man right
there who's standing where we got
engaged little does he know me little do
you know how I can get under the covers
volume to you getting the plug I think
there's a certain special juju on that
beat that we got to do right now this is
what we were thinking right when we left
this book gonna get married he's trying
to tell me how to sing this and it's
know a king say I'll pretend that I'm
still singing okay so now we're gonna go
get some gelato but wait thought that we
would sign off the vlog now so with that
being said remember to like this video
if you enjoyed us reminiscing about our
very happy and gross love stuff we're
sorry guys yeah and subscribe to the
channel to join the best team on the
Internet
signs join the content thanks guys we
hope you guys like this video and we
love you so much
I can subscribe no one was a mess you
guys in a few days peace out from Jenn
Gabriel
you are you
singing follow me everything is alright
