have you ever texted a girl behind my
back
do you miss being single do you ever
ignore my texts sign what are we doing
today going to our first rehearsal for
another day another tool I'm so excited
this is our house
this is the moment where it all becomes
a rage everything up to now is just
seeing something the internet about
stuff but this is where the kids we're
putting the show to get this would be
really interesting to see how well like
hey the lack thereof after rehearsal
which is gonna be the next four hours
they're going you see two people have a
lot of you guys wanna see film till the
friends sOooo friends I go by the names
of Alex wasabi in laurdiy gonna be a
good day to be a very good day but
Lauren and Alex's something isn't
actually coming down I saw a video of
him doing a lie-detector test
and I was like that is so Jamie Alex
you're brilliant
can I copy your idea so we're going over
there and we're doing the lies but yeah
that's what's going down today
see you at rehearsal we you know I look
nice and tan in this lighting time
signature oh wow pick this off well goal
or like not goals that's like way too
cheesy merchan Lincoln bio weekend
description I'm excited I'm so excited
yeah I'm gonna be on the drum set yeah
surprise guys oh babe I've never seen
you play the drums oh never mind if I
were to play there's what it sound like
baby Oh circuit just went through
stop being so talented first rehearsals
going well we just ran through all the
songs twice we're gonna be going through
the run of show that's a little bit we
have a rough outline of it but don't
forget we're just looking the
description I love it very much
this is so it's not it's not even like
we're wearing the same color but we
didn't plan it I put this on went
downstairs she didn't even see me and I
was like all goals and goals alright
guys so yes I'm really excited the
second part of the title where it says
another huge announcement or something
of that sort we were able to add one
more show so we wanted to put it in the
place that was the best place to put it
so most of you guys could come we have
seen a few places in the top contending
positions they put out a Paul and guess
who wants your cog and that will be
announced everything will be like
officially ready everything will be
going on sale tomorrow after this vlog
is posted so if you're watching this
vlog a day late fan tickets aren't down
there but if you're watching this vlog a
day late you know who you are if you're
watching this right now and it's a day
after we posted any better like and
subscribe put the notifications on
you're notified to watch it right away
anyway if you live in Chicago very new
cargo or not near Chicago come to the
Chicago show three hours later we just
wrapped rehearsals I forgot we were
wearing the same shirt go holes
everybody goals he just wrapped
rehearsal number one first rehearsal for
an annotated Atul
that was so much fun that's the first
time thinking of like holy crap well
actually this is what we're gonna be
doing on stage across it was pretty long
teri that was like a full hour with us
I'm happy I'm just gonna you just when
you're in there just getting new ideas
just a little joke yeah and my concepts
weren't you're gonna be doing I think
you guys are gonna love it
yeah so they're really excited for your
ball or boots a month away so a heading
home now freshening up a little bit and
then we're going to see Lauren and Alec
so we just got home and Braga was here
watching Milo and she told me to stay in
the car because she wants the ice Braga
if there's one question that's okay to
ask him he's like trying to see if it's
like crossing the line so I'm a little
worried for these questions now that I
have anything to hide but like taking a
bryggen lie-detector test you can ask me
anything in it 57 seconds later you'll
have the house left bright guy we're
headed to see morning Alex but first and
of course I'm not getting coffee yeah of
course it's getting afraid of pain
none of your crap well I'm down man
y'all
oh really good
so we're lost well let's just not beat
around the bush here we have no idea
where we are we're really close to where
she lives that's all we know but she
draws this janky map that's like an
arrow pointing that go here go there
okay where you turn man where's Parker
anyway so we were parked here in this
alleyway that Lauren told us to park in
injustice conversation with her via text
is very intriguing you'd be Lauren okay
you epoch in public talking no our uni
alley question mark are you in Asher
yeah in the wallet coming what just
right there
valley cry loving face haha alley wow
I'm dying
we found some random person you know
we're Lorna I'm not gonna film the
number be mine we should live in an
apartment before hi Kenny yeah moose you
Savage will say how do you guys later
will say behind the dog person okay oh
thank you wrong great thank you
Jess just told me yeah I thought him not
dead
that's that mean she's very happy with
my outcome you should do it dude bro do
you have a pet but they see the thing is
I didn't tell her oh you didn't do it
bro you just kind of yeah that'd be
great
yeah I was just I was just challenged by
this guy hey Mario Kart except the heck
on the switch I haven't played the
switch yeah I'm ball or out the Wii you
guys are the levels are saying dude it's
the saint's row game over game over dude
it is on
you're gonna watch me and be like man I
don't know what is are you better than
this if you moments later
they're reading there reading the lie
detector what are you doing to me so
what we decided to do was wait on the
lie detector thing until after he loses
Mario Kart to me just look at our faces
it looks like like a Mario Kart driver
I'm gonna first round on this vlog
second round on his vlog so I'm gonna
check it out he's excited is my screen
she's got her screen Justin Allen on the
big TV right there no I'm just
competitive I see you Alex yeah now
actually from in front of you eat that
red turtle shell baby yeah I know cuz I
hate you right turtle shop also you suck
wait
Lauren you're good I'm in sixth now wait
that means I'm beating you it must be a
glitch
oh my gosh that's a good shot in first
place son I'm behind your behind Oh
today's overall score I think you're
behind me back oh so you're winning what
much later much much fourth place so
don't get too excited point yeah well
you know the contine is better son why
we win so much Nita that the old
narrator got tired of waiting and they
had to hire a new one there's a tight
match on the second round which means
overall I still want I'm just saying I
have to pay for getting like they're
nervous
why do you new batteries in I'm gonna go
pee while you lie about what wait oh
that's good okay done
what'd you guys get oh those are on your
body oh hello you put these on one hand
index and middle finger and then this is
the heart rate wait what is this do that
yes yeah you can do whatever you want
the truth is gonna come out either way
boy you see the answer business to the
end we know all them together all my
guys if you guys enjoy this in any way
give the video a thumbs up and that'll
tell us that you want me to do it I'll
do it be all the way around whatever you
ready to stop yeah I'm hosting I was a
good kid do this lie detector test do
you think you're funnier than me yes
now let him simmer in his own lies
excuse me you're just a one doing the
test you know you do you think
smiley loves me more yes I can try and
lie anyway you can try a lie but it's
gonna tell you what you truly believe
unless you're a really good actor ready
yeah
do you really like my short hair yes I
did I think that's a lie okay are you
ready yes hey what do you want
when you click coffee for me yes sure
are you ready for what are these the
hard questions now yeah go ask it ask it
Ben
have you ever texted a girl behind my
back no babe that wasn't you guys you
text your mom station without telling
her I thought you would have said yeah
for a couple reasons
oh well I've texted girls but not behind
your back not behind your back like me
not wanting you to know yeah yeah
I'll explain I'm like Explorer do you
miss being single
that's quick do you ever ignore my texts
on purpose no poor game okay yeah wait
wait
and the machine has detected
irregularities
would you like to explain any of your
answers no my hikes I explain the text
behind you back well let's see what the
computer says can I think this is the
juiciest part of the video I'm so pretty
can there's 330 results I can come from
each question true or false our
undetermined do you think you're funnier
than me you said yes yeah computer says
undetermined
oh so you might be use you how deep down
you think she's really funny idea he
does short laugh at me I taught you
everything you know
question number two do you think my
little loves me more you said yes answer
is truthful custom three all right give
it to me do you like her short hair you
said yes science says truthful oh yes
I'm Toby
I do I love your hair I don't next
question yeah would you quit coffee for
me he said yes and the machine says
truthful it's a good guy you're a good
guy I know this guy what there's
probably have you ever texted a girl
behind my back you got my back her back
no it doesn't have to be in a bad way
okay can I tell you why I said why I
thought you'd say yes yeah the thing
where I caught you look hot I know it's
like not bad at all doing room okay
remember but just the right before we
got engaged I saw a text come through
from Olivia and I was like that's me
he's texting you girl yeah Lana yeah and
you were texting her about photographing
a video in a proposal and I didn't know
about that that's not bad I don't know
but there's been times where people from
like college or back home text me hey
you're like during the ways I can't
Congrats on getting married blah blah
I'm gonna tell you about like hey this
person was not coming you don't know
those college yeah it's like behind your
back because you don't know about us but
it's like you know what I mean we both
have like our thumb prints on each
other's phones and stuff yes there's no
snow secrets no it's for this next one
do you miss being single you said no
don't give me that face polygraph says
truthful final question do you ever
ignore her texts on purpose you said no
siree and the answer that the polygraph
has given me on this day September 4th
2017 oh my gosh never ignores your text
on purpose I never ignore your tank let
me just took a lie-detector test Oh guys
if you guys want to see the me ask her
questions which I would gladly like to
do for what you just put me through yeah
just like this video guys - lemon is Ray
I went through it would just make me
feel a lot better later that same
evening
you guys liked this video yeah it was a
lot of fun we had a really good time
don't forget to like this video if you
want to see the next a lie detector
thing comment if you want you too don't
forget about the tour stuff that we
mentioned earlier everything at Justin
Gabriel calm even the merch all that
stuff our music if you haven't listened
to it yet you should because it's
freaking fire we'll leave Alexes and
Lauren's videos play yeah but we'll
leave their channels in the description
so you guys can see those videos make
sure you subscribe to the channel if you
want to be part of the con team I can
dope up in here son gabriel conte yes
