this calls for a test of whom I love
likes more babe what time is it
right now not what time it is what day
is it or what's happening today do you
know what's happening today yeah another
day another be getting another dog no
we're not happy so I got this new black
whiteboard for my office I'm not gonna
show what's on here's I had like really
secret stuff but just likes to come in
here and write me little notes oh dang
who's that good-looking guy right there
the shaved you're my favorite oh think
you probably gonna write a love note
also put it right under your and that
isn't that romantic
like and subscribe I actually wrote the
wrong thing huh oh my goodness no sign
of a description yeah I tell you have to
write something back to me oh wait no do
you see that in the reflection right
there the Justin Gabriel Marsh let me
thank you shoot okay chivalry's not dead
guy you want something really romantic
yeah okay oh my gosh okay everyone
watching have you got the keys what's
going on on a team best team on the
internet fan site fan I mean anyway
anyway anyway today we don't have I
should keep both hands on the steering
wheel today we don't have too much plan
it's a pretty chill day insides out
we're just kind of hanging out we're
gonna get breakfast now just live in the
loving life you know just lemon lime and
loving it
you know I shout out to Jackie
lemon/lime in Lebanon a baby no it's
really funny is that when you look at my
shadow of Sam stone when you look at my
shadow it legit looks like I'm bald she
shaved your head - yeah you're so bald
guys we have not done this in a minute
we're doing it now son for old times
sake maybe um
oh wow he's excited if we don't feel the
pressure a kid in Essos and it just like
a hot tip line something else
oh my gosh Wow so what song were you
singing min I don't know how are you
singing the pressure yeah you weren't
singing the pressure from Justin Gabriel
under the covers vol 2 mice definitely
not you probably weren't singing the
song that if you go to Justin Gabriel
calm you can find or like in the
description plus about five iTunes like
plugins in song this segment is called
rapping to our own music little do you
know memory Jam yo that I'm trying to
shake it
you know he ball
but anyways anyway we are here at the
grocery store to get are we getting habe
of orange you glad I haven't made a pun
yet carrot catch baby you got an apples
man that's so great let us think about
that hey I love coming to the grocery
store with you I'm just lemon lime and
loving lemon lime and lemon and justice
decided that she wants us eating salads
during you know what I have to say about
that I just think you're nuts
several bad puns later I just went to
the restroom and had some kind of think
about all those bundles making and like
I realize that they're just so cheesy if
you were like either Jess Ryan grew up
watching VeggieTales Larry the Cucumber
we found him next to Bob the Tomato I
think that's not it to me oh that was at
pepper look so babe look there's Bob
below we left the grocery store just got
all of her salad stuff there we know
where we
one hour later I know what's going on in
California but holy crap it has just
gotten so hot again like I thought we're
coming out of the summer we're like
going into full I know a little bit yeah
I'd be like cool out in the mornings and
at nights and if you want to go like to
get dinner at night you have to throw
like a sweater on in this week it's
gonna be what's it gonna be this week so
I got a hundred degrees this week over
100 people we got all of our food here
did all of our adult shopping I did most
of it of course then I was freaking on
it orange you glad I haven't made a pun
yet and that's so great let us think
about that I just think you're not
you're so cheesy oh I'm tired but I
think I've come to the conclusion that
Milo likes me more it's freaking awesome
come here buddy come here buddy
oh yeah you want to come to your daddy
don't you babe
you can't hold him against his own will
yeah he wants to hang out with his daddy
no this calls for a test this calls for
a test of whom I love likes more sit
stay
I know your mama was passing out saved
her my look you okay he doesn't like he
doesn't like either of us he just gonna
chill right there this is his spot he
messes up that pillow that justice does
sure you know he messes up the pillows I
dress those every morning it makes like
a little bed for himself right there Hey
look buddy that's a spot that you peed
and left a stain in a carpet and that's
where you left just as liquid eyeliner
he's like an angel most of the time
there's like what like what would you
say to 3% of the time he's just bad he
went through dog puberty where he was
just rebellious it was honestly so bad
like he was ripping up toilet paper and
leaving it all here all over the freakin
carpet like in this area he would go
into the bathrooms get toilet paper get
stuff out of the trash can just how to
liquid I learned the liquid eyeliner I
bought her in that one video that we did
was on the diamond roll-on before we go
on say make sure to go watch up in
yellow club club like and subscribe like
and subscribe you know the drill
anyone but that liquid eyeliner we had
left on the dining room table right
there he jumped up on the table when we
were upstairs you're getting ready
anyway
anyway he was down here by himself not a
smart move he jumped up on a table got
the eyeliner when he came down and like
how do I get from the dining table why
did he decide to do it right here why
didn't he well it wasn't just there it
was like there there there he's stayin
right there and there then he decided to
freakin pee right there Don Blas puppies
love him kid the best actually right
buddy
so from life competition who do you
think won I'd say he loves us equally
problem cuz you know how they say
whoever feeds the dog dog likes more
yeah we boy she and I don't know
everything like we're both pretty equal
about taking care but I will say is that
I'm all my huddle e with him all the
time and he's more discerning so Miley
listens to him in like 0.5 seconds yeah
whereas I should be like Miley Miley
Miley cuz he knows I'm a softy and once
yeah I wish Miley had a real like human
boy you also wish she had a cell phone
that you could call him on whenever
we're out I'm like I just wish I could
check on my life then she goes like that
she goes I wish I could just call my own
right now hello guys I like his hair by
the way like I'm so used to it now that
it just took probably a full day and huh
I like it you know yeah I'm actually
obsessed Milo Milo buddy
hi oh thank you guys for watching
remember to Like and subscribe like and
subscribe to our channel to join the
conte man what is going on here I know
what's going on here she's mimicking oh
I have to like shimmy out of it you know
also remember Justin Gabriel dot-com
tour tickets cuz they're selling out
quickly we get updates every day about
ones that are like selling out still la
Houston Dallas are sold out New York in
Atlanta and I think Seattle are all
pretty darn close a lot of American
also on Justin Gabriel calm you can find
these bad boys and the hats and the
sweaters that have the same logo on and
the music and the music that you heard
us rapping to earlier in the car
peace out and Gabriel and Milo Conti
