I freaking like went up in flames just
like my future oh my god oh my god so me
coming yeah but you heard me I was
walking at night but you do know what's
happening right now right yeah
another day another blow son right my
son
high-five I haven't taught him that one
yet okay yeah that's not fun anyway a
few moments later Bobby eventually I was
like did you hear me yeah I believe her
you upstairs and I kept looking him like
where the heck is she no race huh crazy
hi everybody I don't know I just got
this burst of energy you know I was like
hi everybody best team on the Internet
son what do we do today what are we
going to write what are we doing today
guess what we're going to finish it oh
my gosh we're doing a photo shoot not
exactly sure what for yeah I think it's
just like can I have more photos
that girl is curling her eyelashes while
she's driving she's literally curling
her eyelashes with an eyelash curler
so just came up with this brilliant idea
guys I need to say a back story before
he hates the kitchen he hates cooking he
hates cleaning he doesn't cook and he
doesn't clean no the dishes Oh like in
the kitchen
yes I'll vacuum I'll do stuff everywhere
else around the house he's happy to do
my laundry I've done it before I unclog
all the toilet I do stuff I just there's
something about the kitchen and doing
the dishes dishes ever since we've lived
together there's just something about it
that I'm just like just as happy to take
that for me because I'll do other stuff
anyway anyway that's my backstory - it
was really story is just like an
explanation but anyway I thought it'd be
very very funny if Gabe picked a meal
like he has full control he picks a meal
we go grocery shopping he gets
everything he needs for that meal and
then he cooks it there's gonna be a
disaster
have you cooked before like not
scrambled eggs egg have you cooked a
meal
if it's taken me this long to think
probably nothing so yeah there's your
answer but the problem is like I have no
idea like I'm gonna have to go to one of
those you know like Facebook pages that
have like easy to cook great meals and
like you watch a video tutorial that's
what I think I'm gonna have to do it's
true yeah that's how I'm gonna learn it
something like YouTube tutorial that's
how I get through in life do you have
anything particular in mind that you
want to cook
food chicken Fettuccine Alfredo really
you wanna cook that I'll be delicious if
you pulled it up I'm sure I could easy
I'm pretty good at like following
instructions and doing you know it's
just that my problem is like why is
there a Mary why is there a second
whatever
what is this circus baby to you excuse
me I do not look like that I am I would
say what I was saying before is I'm good
at like following a direction what I was
saying is my problem will be knowing how
everything works and they catch you like
how to operate the stove you want to
operate the same kind of operate the
refrigerator I know how to do that stuff
guys come on I wash my hands like once a
week one hour later like an hour later
where are we look at this view holy can
you believe literally beautiful we're
not even that far out of LA and it's
freaking look at gorgeous out here look
at Mountain this is literally just a
novella you know what this is guys
freaking gold so we already did one spot
of photo shooting and stuff like this
view this view right here right oh my
goodness why have we never been here
before I have no idea we're lame oh
that's what yeah that's exactly what if
you're a fan of the office you'll know
what I'm doing I'm the king of the world
echo though why Oh light latte let's get
the show on the road shall we quick
change we change very different clothes
I think we're going to our lost
but these photos are turning out
ridiculous you guys will see make sure
to follow us on Instagram Jess Conti
gabriel conte because these photos
you're gonna want to double tap Oh what
is this view dude this is like stunning
God's creation is insane whenever you
come to places like this you're just
like in awe like how how is this even
written every time I go to a place where
there's just like beautiful mountains
and everything like all the time and all
the time guys good but yeah make sure to
follow us on Instagram because we're
gonna be posting up these photos and
it's gonna be very good indeed oh okay
all right Jess guys this is insane
it was ridiculous this other view is
ridiculous that is so pretty
oh yeah that's it that's also pretty
longer than a few minutes later
bye you guys have a good one this was
such a nice way to like end up what are
we doing do you have a recipe book
anything that you're gonna follow that
would be a really great yeah we got one
of those found one
broccoli chicken Fettuccine Alfredo time
is 25 minutes none that I think I just
have 25 minutes I found my broccoli
chicken breast they passed that olive
oil this is go so I'm just gonna place
it right there Parmesan cheese so there
are a few more things on the list but we
have them at home so that's a win-win
one because we don't have to spend any
more money buying something - I don't
have to think of picking food out you
I have no idea how to do it later that
same evening we are back oh and now I'm
reading through the instructions and I'm
about to make broccoli chicken
fettuccine alfredo pasta the first thing
that this says that we need is Kampala I
always forget that this thing is in you
remember shaking your head walk there's
a Clemence we need we always keep it in
the pot who said I wasn't a professional
chef huh who knew son saw that I forget
next so this bad boy with some water
should have done that before just
killing two birds with one stone will in
turn up with hot water so it doesn't
have to keep them yeah temperature
mm-hmm it goes a few minutes on the
clock
listen you've never seen this before
that's it next thing gotta get the pan
on the thing but watch this check this
out you said I wasn't a professional wow
did you see that pea African like went
up in flames just like my future
I'm gonna put this somewhere no I got to
put the entity 1tbsp about other boys
Wow mmm who said it was a professional
chef professional chef Brockett out a
little bit more come to number three man
I'm good pressure is on know what
pressure is on but you know if he's done
yeah then how much salt does this one so
a lot a healthy American diet has tons
of sodium each baby you should know this
something you married an American nice
and green all that was burnt what
broccolis done just gonna put it in my
bowl here that was a success one pound
of fettuccine pasta 16 1 pound perfect
easy math and I put in about a quarter
of it kidding I know how to freakin game
out guys please mom oh man is scary you
think I don't know how to cook know what
I tell him who says that wasn't a
professional show you having fun do you
want to cook dinner every night yeah
look at that finish solve innovation
ladies and gentlemen and we are done
with the chicken let us put it in milk
one and a half cups of milk into that is
the strangest thing I've ever done in my
life putting milk oh I don't know what
I'm doing I know exactly what I'm doing
so don't once to say it again who said
I'm not a professional chef
professional shower I gotta do it I
don't know if I should be like helping
you or saying anything by myself a few
moments later and so over there this
completely reassured me of why I don't
like cooking I just don't have I don't
know why I just don't have the patience
for the kitchen I just can't anybody Hey
he just wants to cuddle yep
now I have to drain the pasta I first
time ever do this is my first time ever
cooking an actual music oh it's gonna be
so delicious part of me just wishes them
this was like vanilla icing
I wish that was going to a cake all
right guys
oh okay do I just pour that right there
chicken and broccoli in here this is it
oh my god crying I can't believe chefs
and cooks have patients never even get
to eat at the end they're cooking it for
other people I know and I was not meant
to be a chef and I will accept that with
dignity and practice cooked a meal so on
if you haven't tried it yet this is the
moment of truth ladies and gentlemen you
think I like it
probably this just looks like such a Oh
this someone's first time cooking
probably made this meal and that's the
truth link
that's good the chicken is really nice
sorry the camera died resetting this out
the chickens there do you think this
soldiers are not good pasta and the
sauce dried out so like it I'm gonna eat
it don't get a really good job but a
happy with it not really that I did
better mine's pretty good yeah but see I
don't want to be like yeah pretty good
drinking of awesome needs to be awesome
you see the best
this isn't math oh yeah I'm sure you
well I'm not simple that like the fact
that you cooked then makes it special
you know yeah fuzzball what do you say
you're a good cook no can you not see me
over then those are disaster if you
weren't there to like don't do that it
would have been a colossal meltdown all
right guys I think you've had enough of
us for one flaw remember to like and
subscribe to our channel if you wanna be
a part of the con team the best team on
the internet Sun for tour tickets and
the merch and our music yeah literally
anything find it ah Deborah you guys
know the drill
we can do it like and subscribe Misao
gabriel conte
