another day looking back at the past
year has been ridiculous last year this
time last year we weren't even engaged
we didn't even have the blog town we
didn't even it's been almost a year of
the vlog channel since we posted our
first vlog we weren't engaged yet yeah
so it's been about a year when posting
our house and we're posting our hundred
video it's been a crazy yeah yeah it
really has been and through like getting
engaged and getting married and just
seeing where we were a year ago to now
and that we posted over 100 videos on
this channel and just like grown so much
like we've grown on social media like
numbers and stuff like that but we've
grown as people yeah and with green is a
couple we've been looking back at some
of our old videos recently and it's
really emotional let's go see Jess
looking back and seeing where we were
and that's doing long distance yeah and
it's really uh it's like funny in the
sense but it's it's really special that
we are what we are and doing what we
love to do a working together and it's
really really fun yeah
my favorite moment I would probably say
is every time I get to scare you for
sure not getting married break it I was
gonna say this so much that has happened
on the channel yeah in the past year
that it would be hard to pick one yeah I
mean all of our moments with like Jack
oh those are freaking hilarious we
started the vlog channel we got engaged
we got married we moved in together we
got a puppy you moved across the world
so much has happened yeah it's hard to
pick a favorite it's hard to pick a
favorite I mean obviously the pinnacle
is us getting married cuz that's like
the best thing that can that has
you have like a favorite below vlog the
one will be with the tango luma it was
for my birthday actually and we were
entangled in Milan with Jaco over in
Australia Vanessa's room we kept like
yelling at Jaco like he was our son lick
the sand do not lick the sanjak do not
you kidding that was one of the funniest
moments ever
I was probably laughing the hardest in
that moment that I've ever laughed
can we do the freaking heart thing and
then we did like the heart on the sand
the jacketed but we were laying in the
heart trying to act all cute gross we
decided to draw a fake girlfriend for
Jacko
got Milan he was literally like this big
oh that vlog was so funny because we
kind of didn't prank on you guys and oh
yeah what's it called babies can yeah
it's not that anyway mijo we held up the
the thing and you gotcha gotcha
but that's the reason why we're
announcing this video because we're not
pregnant and stuff the future is gonna
be ridiculous it really is because
thinking of the past year of our life
that has been like the best year so far
it's so much it's already happy with
release 2 ep2 going on tour in the fall
and then there's everything that's gonna
happen after that is so exciting
we're 100 videos in on this channel and
here's to 100 more and
so for the future in general not just
the next 100 we truly love you guys so
much and we're so excited and we're so
excited that you guys can come along on
this journey with us it's truly a
special thing that we get to document
our life and put it like one thing is
like us looking back on like all the
memories we've made from vlogging but
it's really cool that we have all you
guys coming along and cheering us on it
just being so insanely supportive of
what we do it's one of the most special
things and I wouldn't trade it for the
world
yeah peace from Jess gabriel conte see
over the next vlog peace out from Jess
