like this
this is just hitting me no actually
anyway another day I am actually not
gonna say that because Jess isn't here
yet while he's just now here yeah cuz
she's at our eyelash appointment right
now why is she at her eyelash
appointment yeah um I don't you want an
eyelash extensions but anyway anyway so
what am i doing talking about jess is
gone from the house right now and I
thought what a better time get my head
shaved and when jess is out of that
house she comes home I surprised her
with a bald scalp and I did my hair just
for the occasion and wouldn't you say
Gabriel isn't that a little
counterintuitive sort of but I kind of
wanted something to look back on to just
realize and remember what a stupid idea
I've just been annoyed to do this with
my hair everyday just really annoying a
blow-dry gotta put crap and animega and
it just takes time and I told just one
time I was like babe what if I shaved my
head she got really defensive it was
like you can't shave your head don't you
shave your head don't shave your head
and from that I decided we're gonna make
a vlog about it but she doesn't know
about it she has no idea we're doing
this right now she thinks that I'm at
home doing something not shave my head
so yeah over the past I would say like
two they have the two and a half months
that I was on set shooting this show
I've just been tired of my hair every
time I get home from set I'm like baby
when I'm done with a show I'm gonna
shave my head I finished the show last
week
and I haven't mentioned it see this is
like the moment of regret before they
were I'm like dang should I really be
doing this I don't know all right
I'm giving it back to you yeah fight me
I do find final finishing touches on the
baby thank you very much I can feel the
wind rolling over my scalp I feel so
tall I said when I was walking in here
when I was punching and stuff I look
like a wimp now dude
game over bro game over okay so this is
like the moment of truth I need to
figure out where jess is so I don't just
walk in because I want to have like a
hood on or something because if I walk
in the house and she is sitting in the
living room and sees me through the
window before then like she will have
seen me before I actually surprise her
which I don't want to do so next thing
her to see if she's done with her
eyelash appointment it's gonna drive
home and cry I'm calling it right now
she didn't want me to shave it she was
adamant about me not shaving so that's
why I didn't tell her I don't advise
that if you are in a relationship I
don't advise it but just as a lovely
soul and will love me no matter what
anyway anyway anyway enough relationship
advice
I think she's gonna initially be like so
shocked and like not not really saying
anything gonna be like what the heck
happened then she's gonna turn into like
wow I actually liked it I didn't think
you would look this freaking smoking-hot
yeah she's gonna think I'm looking
freaking good she's gonna like it she's
gonna love it she's gonna want some more
of it okay just hasn't texted me back
here so I'm guessing she's still laying
in the chair getting her eyelashes done
the Jeep is here she's home no she's not
home Jess just texted me she said yeah
I'm done lol just woke up she was
sleeping for two hours all they did
right anyway anyway anyway I can respond
in a second but where's the climax we
need
when we always keep it in the pot why do
we have the clown mask yeah why the
clown mask do you ask so let me tell you
it just walks in and sees David with a
camera he's another one set up over
there and he's like why are all these
cameras and I just walk out a head shape
it's less of a surprise she's ready for
something if she walks in I'm wearing
this it's covering my baldness cameras
are everywhere
I love a blast she's like oh okay dude
they were scaring me another day another
vlog I can subscribe subscribe anyway
and essentially it's a decoy to what's
actually gonna happen cuz then it's like
out of her system she's like oh my gosh
okay it was a scare I say hey baby
you want to see something scarier rip
the mask up rip the mask off sure where
this monstrosity right here game Oh game
over bro is Milo recognized I think he's
a little confused he'll have a little
getting used to it that didn't make any
sense just got a snapchat from yes she
is in the car right now
so we wait I think 10 15 minutes is the
drive 2,000 years later still waiting
for Jess she isn't back yet this is how
I feel right now under the covers vol 2
find it on iTunes and Spotify so when
she just finally like sees that my head
shaved and everything and you know gets
used to it after a few seconds she's
gonna be like
and I'm feeling under pressure right now
find it on iTunes and Spotify under the
counters volume T like and subscribe
like and subscribe no way
yeah way when did you get that done I
went through that so on that you would
tell me I'm surprised oh alright
you're more scared of this than the
clown mask years old
duh it's gonna grow what made you do
that we both went there and just chopped
all our hair did
we've been vlogging the whole day
planned it all out this was all for you
scary why why is it scary do you not
like it tell me the sugar no yes No like
what was that what was this you really
aren't happy right now
no I'm happy he just looked like a
different person a little bit how much
was a cover up it was very clever yeah
through you are very cleverly done I was
like he's he knows how to scam me and
that wasn't a scare
were you really nervous to take the
thing on my heart was pounding I was so
nervous though when we saw you pull up
we saw the car pulling up missing oh I
got a tattoo too no can he how funny
with out of it I do this we're like so
the tattoos a lighter blue like you just
look like with this part of you got me
babe hey they're like different that is
so exchange she try to kiss me I need to
take it in I'm your husband you should
love me no matter how I do alright I
just need to take it in and try and kiss
me are you kidding me no no baby's
different I can't just like touch your
hair and like you know like this is
nothing she's into it you're gonna be
doing that all the time they're just
gonna be rubbing my head oh yeah you are
I'm telling you they're gonna love it
what we haven't done yet cuz I was
waiting for you to do it look at you in
the camera you look like you have no
hair yes I know I have no hair I just
did that on purpose to just cut it all
off on purpose
babe you good day I'm not does anyone
else know you've done that no sauce I'm
facetiming my mother
oh stop so shames it off I felt like it
I was tired of my hair I need a break
give motherfuckers
yangon 10
I can't Peter ok 15 14 13 10 Jeff shy
bladder 6 by 2 1 means that it off is so
hard I know it's so bitter
hello and welcome back hello and welcome
back to opening p.o box things with
Jessica you wanna open Smith yeah that's
a lot of man this one in particular says
opening a vlog we haven't vlogged into
Mick as I was finishing out the season
to mister student body president but
this year given to you by a fan we've
been holding on to it open in a blog
we're giving it at beautycon and I'm
eatin great and she was like oh
hopefully they've been on the blog it
has something from Halloween no way it's
similar the one that he hasn't so no he
had this ripped it out so we got one
back and oh friend
no no mail I get off the table
this is open the gifts on the boat so I
can see your reaction shout-out to my
BFF Lord shut up Laura shoutout Laura my
Christmas in August what is going on
this is such a moment oh okay
Jess's babe that's us
okay sorry legit she's very toned
madisen & hailey you guys a legend
oh why hubby why it's a form on three
two one nice yeah yeah I know oh I think
I think I'm the husband strawberry sour
balance so that it's weird at first
thank you honey
everybody's and everybody's give you
love you gotta shout out the best team
on the internet the contine series talk
i think that's becoming more thing you
guys really caught on with the kunti
yeah you guys really liked it so I think
we're gonna roll with it but before we
end I want to say a few things one the
tour a few cities have already sold out
yeah la Dallas and and Seattle's really
close in Atlanta's really close I think
so I mean all of them are getting up
there they're on their way to being sold
out so if you guys are planning on
getting a ticket do it as soon as you
can because the the venue's are selling
out pretty and I saw like when LA got
sold out a lot of people like ah dang it
I was waiting to get a ticket
don't wait try and get it as fast as you
can because they're going quick and it
just it makes us really sad it makes us
very happy that oh oh you guys yeah but
it makes us sad that some of you guys
can't get tickets because you're getting
sold
yeah yeah but all of that information
will be in the description below you can
find everything that Justin Gabriel calm
you could also find our merch and album
that you listen to before one jess was
on her way home
you'll figure that out once you watch
the vlog no I didn't I could have
breathed fire and effort that was so
ferocious of a bird right guys like this
video and remember to subscribe to our
channel to join the best team on the
internet that was my third pitch she's
trying to take Lamia peace out okay Pisa
and Gabriel good boy though come on team
