I've been walking around the section for
five minutes and I have no idea where
sighs is the most confusing thing I've
ever done in my entire life hands down
oh my word holiday you oughta stop the
subdued going on bro so dude at the
party everyone's here say what's going
on today for real today is actually a
really exciting day one because the
album is like officially out everywhere
in the entire world and really good it's
like on the charts and stuff like that
so uh we're going to give you guys a
little sneak preview
she's got to check that out and I think
in Spotify if you have it all right also
that's for you going really really good
yeah all the places are selling out
quickly actually like New York and LA is
basically sold out already so if you're
watching this and there's still some
typically Stilton and I can speak still
some tickets left in your area and make
sure to snap it because they're going
quickly don't wait smegma but also
always it is quality money
I was I don't think I telophase like
4:45 a.m.
why-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y aah oh babe I'm
glad you asked
cuz bringing New York for you you don't
son which I think we're posting which I
which I think I'm proving at the same
time as this vlog when you're gonna
watch him in go check out the New York
video because frequently should I think
I literally spent a solid two to three
weeks getting this video done I mean is
freaking awesome ever been more prouder
of a video but anyway look after the
freaking day enough of us talking in
just an unmade office yet she said she's
never so much as a house to decorate our
offices yeah I think the famous mostly
completed my can't be happy or anything
that you have to do okay I just got the
last 10 minutes cleaning up Milo's P on
the new carpet no yes he did I'm
literally like pour water on it soap it
off
like go through the fibers like make
sure there wasn't yeah it was a Halton
yes he did he's been so good too
he doesn't I know I'm like what that I
walked out there something like that's
definitely here I don't know just didn't
pee on the rug so obviously it was
either me or mileage yeah Emily what is
yes I'm trying to get more creative with
the way scare Jess so uh sorry babe I
love you no no saying it are you kidding
me I freaking walked out of there and
Jess was standing there and I literally
had it on I walked out I just look at
your like I just don't I didn't see you
didn't until you jumped up where do you
think I was well I heard you guys out
here around this I feel so bad I had it
all planned out the whole thing I was
still ready oh I'm so disappointed in
myself
guys my baby front look great always
look so especially after I scared it
with aplomb ah this guy's awesome
that's why freaking glasses over to the
mouth go and put the glasses over it and
I was like kind of messing the glasses
feels like there's a really super idea
and I walked out and I was like this is
what happened it's literally what
happened like hold the camera Mike
Scandia second and then it took me a
second to look I know that's why I
wanted to be like a shuttle scared where
I was like behind a corner when you
walked out I'm just like walking out
like that hey babe
one for the road
every ten happen okay I'll edit it out
I'll edit that one out too good job a
first try
high-five strike the talk I hear you
guys I didn't say anything
where'd you say was that warm up well it
any one workshop are you kidding me
alright you know I'm done with this crap
no no I love every single shot inside
the government
don't do it again that ended on a good
night I'm done I said on is that a
freaking talented thank you very much
chivalry's not million times you guys
know when you are looking our song and
make up lyrics to the song have we
talked a little oh yeah we have and we
have but I came on the radio and I was
like yeah come on love tear gas lesson
learned tree bears gotta let go of all
of our clothes you all know we ain't
kids no mom so what time is it babe it
will be among us and what are we doing
right now like or indifferent that's the
first meal of the day baby
nothing bad can you work up around I'd
be like all day that's healthy by like
5:00 in the morning I just like let him
silly I didn't want to wake him up so
yeah we're headed to breakfast that is
kasha copies us
at the same time company technically
they will bring out the coffee before we
offer
bassant which you will not have it's
longer than a few minutes later somehow
we ended up in Hollywood we're getting
breakfast here we just couldn't decide
no place where we live and then we'd
like drove just so far because you can
decide that we're like hang on right
definitely going on oh look everyone
everybody thank you for coming to my
meeting greet you guys so much thank you
everybody and really appreciate it he'll
pictures please excuse me no pictures
you guys so much for the support please
like and subscribe merchants Lincoln
buyer one utility later we just had
breakfast and now it is 5:30 yeah you
know we're just talking about very soon
it's going to be a year of the whole ken
burgin credit crazy getting close to our
hundred clubs getting close to a
hundredth video on the channel pages so
crazy so great but quick sorry I have a
little challenge that I want to do right
now no German well I asked him to go to
talk I have a couple things that I want
to get from Tom in the make of all this
okay
basically I want him to take out my
makeup let me all of these types of
videos I just love makeup the owner he's
gotten like pretty fab and actually
doing the makeup follow that this is so
much better than Lawson but that was
just using products that I already know
and love so I think it'd be really
interesting to him to pick out products
a evening the problem is that you need
the product like you need to go buy that
I am elated a buy one what am I getting
I just want you to get like normal
everyday amount of makeup everyday
amount of makeup
I have no idea that you know what we're
going to do this where are we going
the target organ in a target oh wow look
we made it to target both went to the
restroom own and walked down just that
disappear that I could find her in the
home section guarantee oh look who it is
good you look like myself uh Covanta con
team you guys seem to have liked that
con team son I tell you something do you
hate the automatic flushing toilets and
this is I think in like the two minutes
I was sitting on the toilet a toilet
flashed about 37 and apps now and every
time I was like lean in any direction if
not always I have to wipe like everyone
else might have to freaking like wipe
all the wet flush right every time and
then by the time I'm done it flushed
again and I have to do it all over again
it worse TMI but the real frustrating
here and babe I see you got a steamer
because things are getting steamy huh
no I think we need this bin a babe I
think we have to have it we already have
no we don't have this one this is okay
no since when oh you don't even even
like about those you don't look at you
like choose - um not know what big I
need it I can play like the ten-year-old
you right now you like cuz cuz up how
babe
find me no club name etre babe what I
mean look no she's like a dream to me as
a kid because you can get them with
things that actually like bit and get
them with real webs
sounds real life Gabe's gone somewhere
and I feel like he's gonna scan me
babe what are you doing get ready for
the pool party HS riding a bike and
target actually I'm not because I don't
want to be really disrespectful man yeah
thanks Dave wait talk about me or the
bike Thanks yeah we're going to the main
part of this vlog where I get to pick
just make a bun I go I have to guess
everything I know the one thing that she
actually means it's concealer the rest
of it is me trying to figure out I'm
gonna buy some makeup and you're going
to wear it all here goes now I've been
walking around the section for five
minutes and I have no idea where to
start there's the most confusing thing
I've ever done in my entire life hands I
look at this and I'm like I'm getting
all this stuff guessing that it's going
to be the right color for just face so
liquid makeup cool engine work what are
you doing here baby I'll have to shop on
myself okay you know so much I have this
pluto's often hi wow I know I'm in a zoo
I'm in a freakin Zoo right one of the
most difficult things I've ever done
this is harder than putting the makeup
on your face this is running out of
battery so I'm just going to shut this
off concentrate get all the crap normal
show off the Jets we're back at the
house and put a new battery in the camp
so do you have anything to say before we
go
good last thanks babe several bad puns
later so we got home finally sorry we
went and got ice cream and homeless
often in as many hours later but they
pulled this packages came in the mail we
got the LA palm fronds just got
especially obviously just an ass off
now I can actually off so it wasn't
actually there would be yes we should
joke everyone we're kidding we would
never have them do that to us
he's doing it to Milo you can say you
know what I do have two cents laugh do
or not Oh Frick I got it I got it I got
it
you were like door and not a dude catch
it pretty nice
nice buddy all right whole freakin right
so now almost 10 p.m. and we figured if
we were going to do this right we have
just put the makeup all over her face
and like actually trying to use it but
since it's almost our bedtime because
we're grandparents we're just going to
go through it all yeah and come on in
lump all right what are you going to
start with up I'm going to start with
what do you think that I like I said I
have to combo you for that so excited
about this tonight she wasn't just Joey
cami√≥n is doing it to the vlog like he
actually was like actually every
periodic like I make it up jokes in the
blog but like periodically I'll actually
toy but we was my crellick trade for a
podcast like a new insight Tom welcome
back to JT news and what do you have for
us tonight
I read you argue what you can do
yep sounds like what I would put on my
facebook what you would put on your face
first BB cream say this is life is life
I nailed it
I wouldn't get like why yeah when I have
self can on I'm not the shade line so
you have to do darker mm-hmm I got you
concealer because he's mentioned that
thousand times saying that this is the
thing that you want to do this it can
scale on the Sun everything apparently
not just as I can you just show me look
in Syria you got to make sure you got
the right one
apparently I didn't because when I
showed that to her she will she
literally lacked that he said walked
away went got the concealer that she
wanted to get and I'm sitting there like
wow I've already failed that that's only
haven't even started a foundation oh you
got me BB cream mmm foundation right
well I wouldn't wear it but so that's
pretty heavy so you got me the covergirl
trublend yep in Mt
so I think that's really close I think I
am three I don't know I'm pretty sure
what else in the back let's find out
liquid eyeliner I don't know as a liquid
eyeliner and just read it now is awesome
okay so why did you take because it was
the Holy Island
extreme Punk wet mascara I'm glad you
remembered NASCAR
what else did I get I plan to drop
anything in the bag I want you can play
the clip that need to breeze about Brock
Brown not bout enriched Brown do you
have like any like reason of white makes
the shade well you have dark hair so I
was like that what I think
yeah that's maybe you have picked things
that I've never tried that was my goal
so have you tried any stuff not anything
and then I got nude yeah some cover
ponies what's this like contouring your
eye shadow yah blush bronzer something
really nice out of anything
I know what's again I'm really impressed
I just the only thing if I wouldn't do
BB cream and foundation ever like that
I'd be a little too well the more the
merrier stay matte liquid lip color
pretty that's a really pretty name and
then I got some powder
I think he's literally sort of
everything I just didn't you just miss
the one thing we missed kissing same
what what could I possibly miss you're
like a thousand things on there may be a
famous one being miss Thailand does
exist you can use it yes yeah I would
read this nine out of ten it's a
literally like ten cent what does it
have to do with anything what are you
doing you ready under alright let's do
it
I can't can you I don't want to touch it
in the wonder I look weird my glasses
works we hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
and like and subscribe son will like and
subscribe baby and also marks one can
buy okay we just want to remind you guys
that I'm at now tickets for the Tula are
going really file so if you do want to
get your tickets get them sooner rather
than later because we really don't want
you guys to miss out me sad also
our album is available on Spotify so
make sure to check that out everything
is not just a great welcome make you
miserable
this but mommy your videos on my channel
to go check that out cuz yeah it's
freaking awesome piece yeah yeah Gabriel
in my lo Conti
