we are going to the airport in Burbank
because I'm taking the two boys on how
today we are going to my dad in my
presence you are in turmoil they saw
that Toby was in town or dad got into
town district and he's that day is
unsheathed your birthday tomorrow
that's a is tomorrow but yeah she could
be the big two one son big 21
jess is going to get freaking plastered
yeah we did peace baby a few years
whispering okay thank you
we're going on a helicopter is an
adjustable yeah we were going to do
everyone but Jess's mom thank you make
it a little scam is too scared to go out
copter so just decided to stay back with
her mom and I'm taking the two boys on a
helicopter over element which is my
first time being a helicopter overall a
second time being in a helicopter in
general you don't know we're going to
Surprise them actually sign in
expressing so long story short were
really good at surprises because we have
no idea how to tell them that we're
taking on you but we're going to go
we're going to do it and then we're
going to get on a second a helicopter is
going to be freaking sorry
as of now look at it oh my gosh Toby oh
my gosh it's okay oh dude I can get
crying a little bit
oh my gosh hey buddy look where he's
representing Jessica girl calm what was
one home another day your parents don't
care at all you guys were like oh crap
we're back to vlogging again oh no not
again
hey what is it Hey no what you say 21 is
officially the best relays in the future
the next day over there you were 21 or
not sure like Congrats babe way to go it
is a big accomplishment
alright you have one shot you've got one
shot to show off for the vlog let's see
what you got
hold the technique oh oh so close okay
one more one more over ten this is your
first one oh babe killing it here hold
this for me
oh I guess I'm the only one with the
skills today all right one more shot Oh
mine are this all right I'm gonna need
everyone to lean in here oh hi oh my god
but we already did all right let's say
it again they know they keep out they're
real fans we are going to the airport
and Burbank because I am taking the two
boys on how ya know what we're going on
a helicopter right now what yeah how
sick is that goodness are you said oh
yeah Toby's like you excited oh my
goodness mohandro yeah all right looks
good boys are you scared yeah yeah a
little bit I wanted to do doors off but
I think I would have scared you guys
what's going over like all of LA a few
moments later we made it Toby ready yeah
you're very nervous yeah yeah I'm not
after doing it already
I'm like hardly nervous at all this has
been a secret for like a month with
maybe even over all right you ready I'm
ready I was born right here you guys
ready I'm ready
oh I could see the nervousness on your
face thank you this good or are you
really significantly such a good day
cause you're meeting your favorite
author
yeah no yeah and today's meeting his
favorite author of all time how many
books have you read like 22 that's what
he'd say true fan how many videos of
ours have you watched I bought Oh Minnie
there we go Where's Waldo everybody bye
but you guys call it Wally right then
slowly Australians good luck
I suppose mom's running Sicard watch
there on the other side here on the
other side of it how was it vomit really
so nauseous
no way yeah sitting in the back girl
they can't really like see out too much
so I'm looking down and she said if you
look down I had a great time now which
is good so how was it
sorry grew of its toll on cows Leonardo
DiCaprio South Georgia society and you
could actually see the cell from the
wolfenstein nation we like flew over
people's houses like celebrity cafes and
they short of psychos like Johnny Depp's
house and we noted captors houses they
go okay that picture him to live in a
big house like that then we went over to
like Denzel Washington's houses and
stuff like that like Mark Wahlberg had a
full-size basketball court in the
backyard of a golf course a skate park a
swimming hole the size of something
that's like a Disney World or something
like that like like ridiculous these
houses had what we say like 50 to 100
rooms and beverage pizza business
yeah hey guys where are we that was you
guys are planning that weren't you
working at a full puzzle
how are you well you know it sounds
better than a four-part harmony did it
at all yeah just a target to target the
target
what were you what were you saying the
helicopter rides white clothes anything
oh dude Toby I just found this reading
horn I think I found your bike right
there right yeah perfect I'm not a bad
influence I'm a funny influence this is
how to find an Australian target Aussie
Aussie Aussie where he doesn't hear the
same fun that is so fun in high demand
and Ozzy and target party Aussie Aussie
all day she's obviously not close buck
and came home disappeared she's
completely gone just their eyes yeah we
should get precious care families their
standard oh I'm too good at it I'm too
good at it I'm two L's later guys tell
Jess that she doesn't look gross she
read before she claimed she was like I
look really gross today another one and
I said no you don't know you don't
you're beautiful so tell she's beautiful
comment below start like a subscribe
just gave a couple of words for now we
can be great really gross called that's
Johnny yes we're in target stuff we
needed came back home ate lunch and now
we're off to the brokers just need to
buy some stuff so we thought we've just
a little tasting yeah I think the
Aussies are going to be and that be a
little bit cuz then yeah it's kind of
catching up I was doing okay so we made
it to the Grove and basically two things
are happening right now on my bladder is
exploding to my iron explaining the
first order of business shopping I just
want to say thank you to everyone for
coming from a meet-and-greet thank you
guys so much there's definitely a book
signing going
or something thank you guys so much
thank you appreciate it we appreciate it
everybody thank you thank you guys just
your shoelace is undone and hold it well
the chivalry's not dead
will you once I told you a million times
chivalry is not dead so I was able to
use a restaurant alive for the ladies
room in Barnes & Noble or remember the
restroom was like would it take you 20
minutes no longer than our meet and
greet life justice currently they're
still busting snow trying to hold that
baby note I just realized that this
whole section of the vlog about going
through the Grove is just us trying to
find somewhere to use Russian have we
talked about nothing else's I thought
having the scene and where we hang the
priorities privately we are leading the
Grove right now we did everything we
need to cut the things needed again and
repeat which is only impedes a thing for
me to keep all the urine is out of our
body marshes tonight we're going in
downtown LA because my dad's favorite
fair share holder is having a book
signing so it's a really big day for him
it has been I'm on a helicopter he's
taking a nap interviews favorite authors
welcome our kid you want your doll light
bump there we go not sure how long this
vlog will have been up to this point we
think is a little short if it is short
we're sorry we just want to spend time
with family and stuff like that yeah
that's really important and they leave
yeah and it's just hard to rust until
like during the week because I'm on set
basically every single day still trying
to get out concentrate us it's great we
love y'all
everybody else can say I'm 21 fire guys
and this is the last vlog that you'll
see as on your own as sober Jess that's
very information guys we're we make
those jokes cause it's not like actually
true yeah we can make this me commander
Chuck that's fine but thank you guys so
much for watching remember to subscribe
join the Pam into join it's going on we
love you guys murder Justin Gabriel comm
ads always keep reppin it y'all love
seeing you guys tweet us at you yeah
exactly really the key yeah so we like
to favorite on reply to you guys I guess
so much for supporting us that way Oh
too huge
yeah yeah you're going to huge
announcement I coming your way very soon
in the very near future in the next
lesson two weeks are really just are you
ready guys because it eats a bit like
this Rose big stuff not even lying to
you guys like I'm hyping it up right now
but I don't think of me hyping it up
even text it up enough if that make
sense yeah it's gonna get a cut well I
got excited thinking about it anyway
okay so thank you guys for watching and
stay tuned to the big announcements
really really soon peas out from Jenn
and gabriel conte son Oh son
