oh she is falling oh my gosh what's
today
hey and what else is today yeah and what
else is today let's go really regulated
okay yes okay now today another love
Sean but first coffee like like another
day another vlog the first coffee which
happened prior to even filming is he
drinking coffee so yes I do live by what
I preach trucks where you've reached
kids okay so today we already know it's
not going to church trying to hanging
out a little bit I mean not hanging my
Catholic yeah and then we go to the
airport again mom so just my mom and my
little brother are coming today because
my dad still has left for a couple more
days they keep coming a couple days late
on and them and I haven't seen that
animal in seven months what we both
haven't but like so me like I never
moved out of her I never did anything
other than like locky oh we had trip
science talk to each other but other
than that I was boys out or incident so
it's crazy that I haven't seen
my mom's gonna cry just one all my gosh
math usually feeling any credit is
ringing Matt are you kidding and it'll
be like they'll probably be really tired
getting onto this leg damage writer in
the face by a friggin trained basketball
like a basketball watch our last video
we have a pretty funny anyway especially
if you like the elephants yeah
especially if you like them but we are
headed to church running a little late
and we blame that 100% on my life I had
to take the medication of the footage
food what you have sensitivity like
charge anyway long story short gave boy
sizzling we estrellas but momentary show
we tried so many different ways to try
and get him to eat the medication inside
food and he just wasn't doing it it was
not about it wasn't real requires now so
that's why we are ready to run running
product oxygen went to church and though
it is to 14 we're having our first meal
of the day
well you know we're gonna have four
that's definitely plastic yeah I'm just
a sucker for breakfast this is what I do
is that you love Texas becasue I can
have for breakfast for brunch for lunch
the second breakfast for Leonard
dinner what's that thing on that you
don't watch the Lord of the Rings so
like what about supper for a second
simple about breakfast what about second
breakfast I I think we just walked
ourselves inside of a parking garage
because we have no idea how to get out
at the exit seem like to see led at the
end of the tunnel there's a difference
between Jeff and I and it is this versus
that
yeah I breakfast she would she's not
like chivalry isn't dead people who tell
me else lay down he ever really filmed
anything from posterior so just in doing
so front of house but we are off to go
to the airport to pick up her mom she
hasn't seen in seven months since we got
married which is very rare you can I
love breasts and so we bought you're
going to get flowers fresh quarter-mile
because just as the nicest person in the
world I came up for that great idea and
then radically it for it so we'll keep
you updated one for the road son all
money are you kidding me budget excuse
my accent it's just bad time China no
that was look for those of her second
yeah can you just show them what you
just be a good hard I put water bottles
they're like engineer Regina they're
going to get in the car and they're
going to be besties yeah this is a a
class car circle so fancy just these
don't get to watch the sunset then while
sipping on them on their bottle of water
you guys know just says something and
then I'm like baby's gotta turn the
camera look at that will determine I'm
having a serious mineral composition and
you're serious real conversation was
you're like my body's at least or that
has been Thursday when I went to the gym
I really took my body for training what
is that I had a personal training
session sentence I was saying that
Thursday morning I really took my body
fingers and then he was like terrific
okay well what does that mean
is what I think what does it mean you
take your body that's right but the fact
that I could walk normally and not
stumble down the stairs
no no that what you're trying to say is
I took not being sword for doing no I
took my normal body feeling not being
sore you guys did but we are getting to
the flower shop not we're just gonna go
so cuz it's Sunday and Florida clothes
everywhere I looked a month for the
office to take care of I you want to
picture on a bike rack so aesthetically
pleasing me do you hot stuff
yeah I'm not going to scare you then why
would I scare you I'm not going to Jack
yeah I'm not going to go i legit can
tell you I'm going to scare you and
still carry you like right away right
after huh you should get I want main set
a half you want those for the house Wow
how dare you babe we're making stuff up
for your mom right now not to the house
so let's get this beverage it like you
just a little bit you're the cutest
perishing I've ever seen so good laying
the things that ever is pyramid uh yeah
I would say so a gift to your mom that's
weird
wait how about these yellow ones now
babe well more think food shield
excuse me I'm learning just as teaching
and learning every day and we're just
excuse me after I've got now okay
- a really pretty bird so for sale I
honest I have no idea like what is your
mom gonna like oh those look at some
cars that you like and then the colors
at your mom that's not that looks
exactly like a sense house
oh the ones with the big dark apartment
it all fades I think that's a ticket
right there
it's like your mom's colors in your
colors yeah Mac I got four Cavazos I
know you're gonna make a whoa no what
kind of positive he's allowed a while
just like you see now that's so lame
that is so lame now that I have to like
go to that whole thing just to make that
joke plant that like they all come from
bottom technically good observation base
oh yeah chivalry's not dead guys I told
you once told you a million times
here you go babe oh my gosh oh man
there's flowers next to you oh yeah we
do it's just bit it I don't I'm the wool
know what I've noticed every time I try
and scare you and I say babe oh my gosh
that's what I service yeah no work we
are even down to airport enter mom's
Exeter just texted that just going to
like customs they know about me gypsy
like that's what Toby
in America the very best very first time
ever in their life much bigger feel for
your mom than Tomi because typically a
thirteen-year-old doesn't go
cross-legged so whenever I start talking
gay boys oh you're saying something very
interesting I just never really think to
like I'm Rhett to say something
interesting let me pull out the below
camera well I think that on the day that
we're vlogging because we have to have
that you know interesting content just
like in the vlog this lighting is awful
anyway what I was saying was that it's
going to be so weird like when they walk
out of the arrival section first of all
because I haven't seen them in so many
months and I know that my brother is
like the same height as my mum now which
will be really mad but I'll say like how
did I describe it it's like a two worlds
colliding yeah because when he came to
Australia last year that was kind of
weird I came being in my no like city
and like it was weird seeing him in like
my well I was actually just thinking
about that it's really weird thinking of
your parents in like here right yeah
they're like your friends like oh no we
go visit your family in Australia and
that's what we do in our shreya your
family's there and like my family's in
Florida and we're in Florida because
they don't really come out here that
often you know I mean yeah we really
weird is really exciting to me some
takes me to Disney we have just parked
and now we are on the hunt for family
cutting down family Australia Australian
family down that back there try am I
oh she sounds like a pirate that's right
father first time I told you I was like
your parents feel like pirates yeah this
is really weird we had this spot right
here is when I was always waiting here
we're not when we were doing obviously
you're going to try anyway so maybe soon
as your mom is crying in the time I'm
telling if I cry and my sister came and
I just like I just want to object this
is business situation right here we're
just sitting here and people just keep
walking around the corner just like tons
of them just keep coming and coming and
it's not her mama Toby every time
someone comes around it's like that oh
not that so we're having a competition
right now my bet is that she'll stop
crying it's fine if she comes down the
corner and save up yeah I think right
when she sees us as one she'll start to
cry I'm going to get music three seconds
three seconds after seeing if it will
email I shall refresh you'll be like
keeping it together until she comes but
well you can't can't go in close well
she's already crying she's crushed here
Toby I think you lose like I told you to
work watching baby are you gonna cry
no no you'll make me call she is falling
oh my gosh how was the flight
good long Toby got a gift for us
Oh Oh can I guess what this is no no you
don't get this - why can I ever - okay
you open yours freshman Oh what is this
here's he's like yeah he's like yeah I
did that he's humble about it too I'll
just put it over this ring son thanks
buddy
I'm feeling analysis Oh I guessed it I
didn't actually guess but dude Wow that
was freaking me that was so good brawl
that's all thanks buddy
they are here at the house welcome
welcome to LA Colantoni and done okay so
I've just been working in my office for
a bit and I see this downstairs way I
missed it I missed it one more time oh
hey that's where you got all your skills
from yeah son stay right here with the
camera in my hand oh crap it toads a
nice fidget spinner that we just got you
right behind my five best siblings in
the world oh but nice Justin Gabriel
sweater on Justin Gabriel calm son a
little sweaty from b-ball sesh but with
month mom with a you mum not mom because
Australian mom in Florida we've all the
weight in the book yeah yeah so thank
you guys so much for watching like this
video if you enjoyed it remember to
subscribe to our channel to join us
going on here because it's freaking
awesome a bunch you guys have been
subscribing recently so we love you guys
and if you're new mwah welcome also we
just plugged it but merch description
below Justin Gabriel calm peace out yeah
and Gabriel and my and my Conte
