oh I'd like to call myself a good
husband most of the time hey babe
another day son good morning good
morning Jessica
Conte how are you I love you so much my
enemy I can feel it is that why you were
like just walking really slow yeah save
it and usually quiet oh my god ready to
have a good day yeah have a good morning
actually because I have to get to set
3:30 today 9:30 we thought it's not
wasted day it's got a vlog in before I
have to leave and work for the second
half the day so that's what we're doing
it's going to be freaking uh what is it
going to be baby
really fun uh what else is it going to
be big really sunny day okay okay that's
actually true but what else is going to
be the lid Sun oh come in haven't said
that one in a while you will be very
happy that you said that yeah I know
everyone like tweets me like not saying
career but guess what guys Jamie butt
out we're going to go get some breakfast
actually but first
coffee look at how beautiful and I make
my freakin lattes you should try this
actually so good right that reminds me
of the coffee's that my mom would make
me memories we actually see them well
her mom gets in on Sunday it is now
Friday two days so my mother we are back
in the car again what else is new I feel
like half of every vlog that we shoot is
in the car yeah and if you didn't know
that but obviously obviously me do
network I mean that obviously means
you're not subscribed yet to make sure
to LIKE and subscribe to touch
go ahead at the breakfast end we're
coming back home not sure what we're
doing in between breakfast and they
can't be anxious championship of me
kicking your butt in basketball he's
very cocky I'm very confident not cocky
we'll see you there real winner is so
basically the playing basketball
come to realize it is a little
competitive well heated I have his cut
on my arm I'm doing a mistake I was an
accident no I was trying to dribble
around Jess and she like try to grab the
ball for me and select my arm with one
of her name it really was an accident I
didn't want them to see we thought we'd
have an official match it's not going to
be an official match to bring us looking
silly passing set don't have to be there
till 3:30 Suns got the morning off son
how it's I'll out probably order the
kangaroo
here is making
Australian Jack don't you guys like ride
them to school and stuff but yeah yeah I
really like we first have to get your
kangaroo license and like requirement
and you can do to a car yeah yeah my
first kangaroo is Jerry Jerry did you
ride him to school every day
well yeah yeah I need some Florida if
you cry baby we tellin ya everything we
just we go in the backyard grab the
saddle on you know the harness vitro it
on and brother alligator I was
home-schooled so it was not far of a
ride but you know pictures from the
backyard back to the front door right
we're headed back home we figured we
would just drive on the sin of taking
the alligator and the kangaroo and
Stenness change no I mean it's a perfect
day it is a perfect day for basketball
everything just comes out here and she
goes to the gym yesterday for the first
time so she came to America and like all
first time it's ya know whatever is up
it's gonna be an intense day so yeah I'm
ready for it she's at Club feelin all
busted and stuff like that and you know
Congrats or I give it to her but like I
have she's on my turf basically with a
home court advantage
I wouldn't exactly say that's accurate
because it's both our house so I think
we both have a home court advantage but
I'm going to go on a limb and say that I
have more of a home court advantage I
think my lucky shoes
those are just bands you have anything
else can you say about the championship
going on there you know it's a big one
it took a lot for us to get to this
point to both me and the championship
really nothing happened but I said I'm
going to convince myself that that was a
really athletic up really good at
basketball and just we know the Sweden
yeah I mean I'm fine with it up there
buyin I think you uh yeah I just want to
be able to tell you think we should look
I think we should well is it all right
oh yeah Oh son get out of my court Oh Oh
son try to do behind the backwards and
normally works I would say let you keep
my leg it's out of bounds
no that's just a you would probably
follow me I think crossed off the wife
okay you can't just all right what's
that supposed to not actually be a point
about I'll give it to her I'll get it to
her I'd like to call myself a good
husband most of the time with you I
think that means that I should get a
couple points just because you are in
the way of the ball
I played basketball back in the third
grade but the fun fact is that they
bumped me up to the fourth and fifth
graders because those I get my fastest
real basketball injury you're welcome
turning into a real man oh all right
what's the score
I lost count ah not sure what the score
is I think we lost count
somewhere between dunking it on Jess
about five times in a row
I'm you getting hit missing so I would
roughly say probably like I'm probably
winning at the moment I think probably
and once really know what that means but
I'm pretty sure that's the thing you say
when you shoot shoot here why do I suck
I say never they get my head
got it ah why am I feeling so wrong
head in the game but I ought to know son
why do I know this
this is No so after much decisive
reasoning and trying to have a fair game
because we both knew on way better than
just basketball
well what we decided to do was winner of
the game is the first Russian to land a
backward shot behind it with our eyes
closed closed right Oh congratulating
I'm ready
3q can we do it separately not since I'm
ok 3 2 1
did I make it yep
i freakin made it babe you so cheated
what you t did university tit I never
treated duty tape uh no comment
you know I missed it actually three two
oh I guess I won the game son wait wait
wait you knew the real reason why I was
right what I'm not wearing my basketball
shoes you don't have any methylation you
know I'm going to say I'm happy with my
performance today I thought it'd turn
out a little differently but I'm not
complaining I think I played a good game
I mean you just couldn't stand a chance
of my home court advantage what comes
down to look after third I think he did
that on purpose do water kick your foot
son
but when it comes to being competitive
do anything I can't I can't hold us
I'll do anything even if it's my life
and I know I was like anything could be
seen against probable I don't buy into
that because in normal life
obviously that hasidism but when it
comes to like basketball and stuff
there's only two options
win or lose and if you plan not to win
what well well well I hope you guys
enjoyed that segment of vlog we had a
good time filming yeah that was not
planned hitting her in the face was
nothing babe I think like it honestly
got scraped some of the makeup off your
nose right there it hit my nose so hard
in here and all over my face I'm sorry
but I really am sorry
those guys all the BS I was talking
during that segment of the vlog so legit
so all I just referral acting you know
I'm going to get like that office style
doc mockumentary style technician really
laughs random version is again thanks
for David for filming ya know I really
think that acting with the best part yo
I left my phone outside in the Sun and
it is lazy right now it has a
temperature so you know people make a
meme out of this thing and it's like
whenever I take a selfie that is
whenever you take a selfie you you're
just the most photogenic person I've
ever met man you really are
I promise me yeah yeah she is go check
out our Instagram go check out both of
our instagrams plus it seems so freakin
hot baby woman perfect
what you doing above coin I need to help
any media oh I'm so sick by the way why
I really feel like it was the basketball
room I know so it is my fault
I literally smack you in the head with
the bat I feel like I need to lay down
and like have a lot of water like I go
through and you know help me change the
backdrop and stuff I think I won I got
you where's seconds lay down
guys we just set up this home studio
with all this stuff and I look at how
freakin babe of a babe just looks look
at that or you sexy little mama you owe
the studio set up though that lighting
though okay he's not really good-looking
guy okay am I not good looking at all so
we pulled up a fans livestream on a fan
account and they're kind of freaking out
that we're on here so we decided to vlog
so this is freaking they say hi belong
shot out the K enemy from Minnesota that
was the sweetest thing that ever
happened amendment is so freaking cool
to you them just like they were just
very happy
they said the nicest things about us
yeah and to hear they were like so
touched by what we do kind of like weird
to hear because sometimes it just
doesn't feel like we do too much you
know they consider we do things but I
don't know is because it's like one
internet it it feels like it's a selfish
thing rather than like we did it
and I think like having faces and like
watching the live stream is having them
like actually voice yeah how many feel
is like them to be obsessed yeah that
was very special
we love you guys and we are to meet
Monday yeah I mean I love all you guys
are watching thank you so much for the
support really I don't know feel very I
really do we really hope you enjoyed ll
I hope you guys enjoyed me taking
justice button basketball is what it
really comes down yeah well I still feel
things there is okay but thanks so much
people like and subscribe subscribe to
join the fam to join what's going on
here also we have our merch link in the
description at Justin Gabriel calm get
it while you can
peace out from Jack gabriel conte oh the
Wii golf yeah yes
