what'd I miss look I was talking to me
why what happened what happened
freakin happening let you just say
breakfast and it is about degrees
outside
oh my god
everything in the car is hot apparently
it's 98 outside but it feels like it is
so hot you know how makes me feel oh my
another day another vlog anyway so
anyway see should it be fun today we're
doing a lot of stuff how stuff it's
officially been a week since we moved in
which is really exciting too limited so
yeah we have some things that we have to
buy today they like grocery shopping and
get a few things we currently have a rug
in the back seat I also go to the mall
because I want to get some clothes I've
somehow ran out of pants all of a sudden
I don't know where they are
alright the things you do I had to make
a dress pants I have pants we weren't
going when we're going to go to the mall
nope alright guys we made it to the mall
look at what he does the lug things I do
for the vlogs guys quality content my
goodness we're under the Sun right now
it is blazing
I honestly think I should have just gone
in for them all about hands up would've
been way cooler
are you kidding I'm sweating so much
naomi is really interesting too the last
time we were in this hallway here
there's a little man form right there
and dad today so what does that mean you
have to call me daddy shouldn't please
do not planning what the last time we
were in this hallway was the day before
we got engaged I was getting her nails
done I remember being on the phone with
my buddy Isaac back home in Florida like
telling them everything I was going on
and what I was planning to do and she
was in the nail polish
for everyone like did I just hit you in
the balls my hands this when I take and
a half hours mate we haven't vlogged in
anything in like the mall for going back
home I'm on the phone so I would my
family back we just suck at vlogging but
not really it's anything like a little
bit no we don't speak life not death
we're so good at walking we're on our
way to find some backdrop
yeah boner camera store find some
backdrops and just as an office and a
little studio setup that's going to be
closed down your video like backdrops
until monitor horizontally looks calm
today so I'm very special recently not
yeah we're now running lots of errands
today or helping so it's just going to
do water in the car in a store that in
the park if you don't like driving tell
me the whole it's going to be a great
wall hearing each other because these
delights not death as long as stink
I don't know I can ex 1 oh why is that
not surprised I'm just saying I got
really good friend coffee no you're
gonna say coffee not drink maybe we just
need to say that fast
caffeine because I drink to me that's
true
let us know we're going to say it now
and then let us know not something we
should continue to say we're not
changing it yeah coffee is just a thing
maybe so is this oh you're getting Oh
some guys how good for this look as just
as background for her video brings out
your eyes
look I mean Oh exit lady where we made
it to Dave favorite pitch spend more
money because we have to furnish it like
heaven got a drone oh no oh no we have a
house to furnish I mean we kind of have
it half done because of all the stuff
we've had but now we just have more
space to go we have three times of
square footage right yeah yeah fun I
will say it is fun more so for her than
for me because I'm kind of just like
we'd rather have it be done I'd like I
want to join in like the designing of
iterating and she finds a lot of joy on
bringing me with her through that
process 1 Timothy late no.3 leaks data
we have made it back home and we thought
we have to continue to run errands my
listen hon say hi you little bear he got
grooms and he looks like a fluffiest
human of the earth yeah the fluffiest
human I've ever seen Milo you know
you're human talk come on talk to us you
won't tell anybody except the entire
internet watching this video right now
no but we got some things we thought
we'd show you I just got a bunch of
furniture not today but got a bunch of
furniture for my office it's the one
thing that I'm calling all the shots for
as far as interior decorating because
everything else I'm not allowed to it's
not no it's not that you're not allowed
to yeah I don't insist that you let me
take more control is like picking out
the furniture oh yeah better tasting
I've learned I've learned from her I've
learned that if you want to make a room
look good I'm something a picture on the
internet or something like that
based on off that because she like is
decorated only so we did the apartment
decorated the whole thing based off of
Pinterest pictures not all of it base
off like your ideas I mean I yeah no no
I know what stop it kidding me so this
is my office right here and if you
didn't realize it comes with this
amazing smokin hot babe right here
and happens to be my wife so when when
this is going to be a complete display
of all my Legos and I'm going to get a
lot more actually it's not but my Legos
will be going on there a bit oh gosh I'm
doing the nut beta I'm doing the door
thing again do like a booger jazz okay
coming back up to yes okay I got heaven
dosing again for the nose thing that we
would do all I do babe are you kidding
me yeah I think you can no but with the
office we're returning this because I
realized that it wasn't going to work
and don't be oh my gosh from what I saw
in here it looked like he was squatting
down on my desk no not a good boy don't
teach you to pee on my desk anyway that
thing right there I'm gonna get another
one of those I put it in that corner and
then it'll kind of like line up so
that's a curated should humans and so
that's interior decorating tips with
gabriel conte am i right babe yeah
classification the keys oh yes hi bye -
what why is it why is it banana through
the whole department now that we
actually have a basketball oh yes sir
okay no pressure
hi well at the actual size of a hoop
that's way higher and I've ever ever use
that's too hot why is it too hot not
usually that high yeah babe we put it
that high because that's how you
actually have to play oh close babe
close oh don't hit my lows mm-hmm that
would be bad try one more time
Oh son babe right here up top this is
like a real life exactly what we did
last time but we actually have a ball
this time
one-handed off come on man I saw few
guys didn't know I used to be a
basketball back in the third grade yep I
got it in in how many three just warming
up I think I'm winning yeah but watch
this
are you kidding me that's enough
basketball for this blows on let me just
take a few more shots
I know it
chivalry isn't dead people if I've told
you once I can hold you a million times
dudes get it together
chivalry's not dead where Alec I've told
you once I told you a million times guys
did a little bit of Tiger people always
look like he does I do that and like
literally everyone the parking lot is
like he's out there guys these guys we
just met a youtuber vlogger from the
Philippines what's her name
Adrian Adrian super dude we saw you
running around we were like another
vlogger I love that yeah let's take a
picture I think that was so often he
literally came with his mom to target on
a random chance and we just decided
let's just go to the Burbank one instead
of the one in North Hollywood and he
just ended up walking and we're standing
here like there's the front door and he
just ended up walking and we were
standing here pretending something and
he's on vacation for the day yeah what
are the chances that he walks in like
that we're here at the baddest in sk√•ne
he was vlogging are you better off dead
I love that I was I just shout out to
you people from the Philippines
utopian fans go hard in the paint it's a
an American thing I think it's like work
hard in the paint Sean but yes we indeed
return something that we didn't know we
were able to return and apps are much
figuring out and return it if you like
cooking cost because I found the receipt
online yeah they really like now yeah
they're like it's not going to work
unless you have the receipt and I was
like got to be somewhere because I
ordered it online and then just return
the whole dresser right there Sean
Oh game you saw me coming
I was literally just like walking up
like a normal human being I don't know
god bless that is a flavor Jess Jess hey
you're walking the wrong way yes sir
there's where we came for the Legos Lego
section and Shirley's okay okay scissors
we had scissors all right now I'm
looking at these really sweet ones I
handed Q put babe here look these are
cute right here look the pink and
flowery Oh perfect free one
I was about to say no way freaking guess
that idea that I was wrong okay okay I
have ventured over the entire sort of
target define this pair of scissors that
just wanted Jess this is a sign and I
love you ooh what did I miss
a guy was talking really why what
happened what happened - very
interesting she's in the car
actually telling us story okay by the
way I found scissors those the least
excitement I've ever you're like ah
those are them yeah big that has to be
them those are the only gold scissors
they were literally like on display do
you like them let them
let's finish grocery shoppers are you
happy where's normal enough freaking
guys alright so we're back in the car
away from the thing like that happened
it took him so much courage and then I
just shut him down and I just it's so
sad that I don't talk about well justice
doesn't just is worried about talking on
the wall cuz she hear you and all she's
worried that she's going to sound rude
but you guys know that jess is like the
least rude person in the entire world
and she's coming from a point of view of
a girl who doesn't like to be hit on
because she's married right okay so like
with that in mind tell us sir I don't
know why I don't know the story well I
just don't even know how to tell the
story because I learned down I was going
through different aisles in target
looking at like different cleaning
products and that's like on one side and
then you kind of cross get rid of the
grocery side is that me : yeah
presently when I go to get your scissors
he gave literally walked away probably
maybe like five minutes before no you're
not probably to go and look for scissors
for me he was gone so I was by myself
walking through these aisles and then I
came into like the grocery section and
then I was in an aisle and then he was
kind of just standing that and then he
came out to me and it was like hey I've
just I've been waiting and then I zoned
out because I knew what was going to
happen
and so I just act like I just didn't
rush I was there well I don't think he
would have come out to meet you then
exactly obviously because you're like so
ridiculously pretty everyone like gods
are going to try and come up to you and
talk to you but it's just like deadly
for two seconds and dudes are coming at
you and I'm just like no and he was very
nice and he was like hey I just I'm
going to get his like words on the you
end it but it was like hey I've just
been waiting and I just like I couldn't
help myself I just had to come up and be
like well who is this gorgeous girl and
put out his hand and then I just felt so
bad and so I shook his hand I was like
hi and he just like tried to stop a
conversation in me like what are you
doing here tonight and like well above
what and I just like cut him off halfway
through I was like yeah I'm actually
married and he was like he was like you
want of Ikea and he's like wait but
you're really young I was like yeah I'm
20 and he's like whoa that happened fast
but I mean it works but and he just like
seems very sad and then I was like
anyway it was really nice to talk to you
really nice to meet you and then he just
like walked off and then literally as he
walked off gave walked into the aisle
and it was such weird time which you
guys saw dang it was just I just
probably felt so weird
and I talked bad because he was
obviously like following me for a little
bit trying to get up the courage to talk
to me and then as soon as he started
talking to me I was like yeah but I just
felt survived it was just dude if you're
watching this wiki I won
I got there first son I'm kidding looks
like it that's why I didn't want to like
vlog a lot about it in a store and I go
and try and find him again well then I
want to try and sign them I just want to
see what he look like
I know but that's so sad and you slowly
so embarrassed you know and little does
he know you're like a youtuber come on
my sad sorry
cool story bro it's interesting that
just made this vlog so interesting so
thank you bro first as water okay sir we
I'm actually just come to me up friends
at ice cream out there I think so we
thought that we'd end the vlog now
because it is 10:00 p.m. and we want to
eat ice cream I'm so tired
we heard that you enjoyed this vlog
remember to like and subscribe to this
channel to join the fam and everything
that's going on also we have we're not
wearing your merch or anything but we
have that check it out below link in the
description just as mimicking me again
and forget socks k well oh baby got a
log on every piece at all that's our
I'll try forgot beanie sound from Jen
and Gabriel Conte's
