Tom it is time time to say goodbye guys
Jess oh my gosh did you I was like he's
got to stop the vlog I'm nervous gimme
you know me so well but another day
however today is kind of a Saturday
we're starting the vlog
at tonight is dark outside it is
currently what time is it
it is not High School Musical it is 6:30
and someone is leaving today we're
taking him to the airport it is
yeah Milo's leaving today I don't know
where is he Milo you have a flight to
catch
where are you have you packed yet I feel
sad
but it's been fun it has been it has
been a jam-packed lit two weeks
Fontaine content content content
vlogging being best friends you know
about that you know about that best
friend steadily editing a fight of us
you never do you follow us on Instagram
you know my Matt no wait but with that
being said guys seriously follow us on
Instagram because the new algorithm has
messed up my Instagram not Jessa's yeah
I'll explain what an algorithm is really
quickly because I know some people don't
know it's rush rating me guys post
photos in order for no logical so if I
posted 10 minutes ago but Jacko posted
five minutes ago it'll be first I'm
gonna be second you see the 30 minute
post after that but instagrams changed a
lot and so basically you're gonna bro
it's helping but then it's ruining
something they're putting posts on your
feed from the people you follow if they
think that you're going to like that
picture and they will hide ones from
your feet if they don't think you're
gonna like that photos on the back end
we can see how many people see our
pictures audience we have found out that
like half the people that usually see
types pictures aren't being shown gapes
pictures yes yeah and it's weird saying
this stuff like the is sterno it's
weird saying I'm taking a blank
notifications it would mean a lot if you
guys help me out because it just saw
a photo and well it just doesn't like
know what yeah but no one's seeing okay
so with that being said guys I'm
desperate for attention follow me please
please are you gonna leave that up there
it's gonna be reminder of me yeah I'll
do don't forget your glasses they're
right here oh that would be bad see then
I know you know about now oh that's a
little follow the cheque on Instagram
too now that we're talking about it you
know about that where is my son
hi my lord are you on my back you think
heat and fluffy hey yourself laughing
I'm gonna die guys we're taking a
Polaroid as our last and that my friend
is how to take a Polaroid one I want one
more you always have Polaroids you don't
know how they turn out
take one more for safety what is wrong
with you buddy another one another one
my face was twitching I think I was like
going like this like hey this one is so
funny it looks like there's a Polaroid
and someone photoshopped the dog's head
just into it this one looks like it's
gonna be the ticket there's a last one
that's the good boy that is blurry as
crap oh yeah did you draw that here so
we got this in our peer box today yes we
did so thank you so much for sending
this to us this is actually very
beautiful so good like what the heck
it's really beautiful
I think jess is going to get a frame for
it we're gonna put it up in the house
yes and if you'd like to send us
anything we do have a P o box on it that
we've said that recently in some of the
vlogs but it is in the description below
it was that choco what you want to tell
to the vlog before you left today it
would be in the description saying happy
checkers arms off descriptively and it's
gonna say slightly bigger than an ant oh
these actually came out good which one
do you want to take the one where Milo
is covering your face damage my bad oh
that's a few inch
chick-fil-a on our way to the airport
sad thing but we decided to do one good
thing before dropping the chicken off
exactly what we did last time remember
we go chick-fil-a you know what what
what
chick-fil-a good okay Jackson do you
have any last words sorry
wait so this is my last vlog ever it's
gonna be slow for a minute I will be
back and I'll miss you guys and it's
been fun but I have something to say
okay what do you suggest when we're not
around jacker we get a lot of comments
and tweets saying like why on why isn't
Jaco in the vlogs anymore well he
happens to live on the other side of the
world we don't understand I always get
messages into it's ain't going visit
Justin Gabe why are you friends anymore
ins yeah we're still friends but I live
on literally the other side of the world
it's hard to just get you know the
flighty just letting you guys know we're
still friends if you're worried and you
haven't caught up with any of the recent
vlogs and you're wondering what is Jaco
doing here
subscribe to our Channel I've got a
bunch of old school
I was so cool listening to these back in
the day I was like I am in the in-crowd
this is when I had like a diamond on my
earring like the normal spot I was like
this is when I was still homeschooled
and was a total nerd at times have not
changed Wow okay y'all hoodie makes you
look like a chicken very nice girls the
register knew who we were so she gave us
a bag of chick-fil-a sauces it was a
very healthy amount of chick-fil-a sauce
in my healthy I mean we have took 400 of
them so I could take them back to
Australia guys we made it to LAX
Tom it is time time to say goodbye guys
we're here having a moment crying and
you're just like it's all good I mean
yeah I know we're gonna see you soon
brother the cashews and I thanks for
having me Porsche dogger have a safe
flight make some dope music make a tune
dude are you sure you didn't forget
anything we could just run home real
quick it was a long trip I'm just gonna
get or just be an hour there our battle
we can make it out in the fine if we
forgot something
Jess and I have to go to the bathroom so
we're walking this way right now that
way yeah right okay bye jack oh my god
have a good one what should i do should
I go on this Green Team yeah go that way
let him in see ya have a good on Jackie
he doesn't know what he's doing hijacker
mom had no idea what he was doing baby I
think Jaco is lost already already I
can't leave her son like that out in the
wild out in the open sad trying not
something about it because I get really
sad goodbyes especially at this and I
know this is where we would say goodbye
all the times I'm trying to think about
it too much otherwise the tears that you
don't think about how emotional it is
bobbin she's looking at all the memories
are you actually having a very
sentimental
it is gonna be weird without him though
because once you're like with someone
for a long long period of time like
living with them they're part of your
family today okay what is today been
explained to them while I continue
eating my food explain to them what is
happening this morning okay
today we are about to tear into the
airport because my flying to Utah
are you okay okay okay okay they're
flying to Utah today and we're super
excited we're going to the scenario for
a couple days
explain the history of why we're going
to Utah specific so exactly two years
ago today I flew into America for the
very very first time when she met your
boy no no yep I don't know maybe yeah
but still this is before we met in
person we had already talked on the
phone anyway two years ago today I flew
in to America and I flew to you two and
I met one of my really close friends it
was then I loved it Utah is so beautiful
I've always wanted to take Gabe I'm so
high school musical was shot there so oh
yeah and I went to the high school okay
check it oh sorry I know it was the best
thing so that's what we're doing I'm
back to leave for the airport right now
and I'm really sad to say goodbye to my
life yeah
we've been making plans of like what to
do there and just as like I know you
want to go to the High School Musical
high school I know you wanna go I'm like
I really got there for you just okay
really good yeah
and dancing yeah I'm pretty tired
well we were just like sitting in the
back of an uber just like yeah we're at
the airport and we're ready to conscious
flight to Utah Utah you know Matt Matt
hey babe
Utah you know Matt that we just checked
our bags now I'm in through security and
I think she looks like a mess but she
doesn't look like a man go get a drink
you don't want some coffee
some more coffee and you can do I said
more delicious it's such a delicious
drinks thing as we're headed to our
flight now but first
here we go baby another day another
flight oh my gosh we didn't see another
day another oh yeah we did at the
beginning yesterday it's a two day vlog
babe come on got it together I'm the one
who had coffee so my mind my brain is
fully intact Jess on the other hand
we're gonna set the whole flight like
this remain very do this you listen or
there's gonna be so much gonna be made
for you Tom start coming like it no
there was a whole bunch snow but it
still gonna be a great time and I'm just
kind of so much so we got our bags
officially waiting for our uber now and
we decided to what are we gonna do Jess
anyway it was your decision and why did
you want to go do
excuse me will it bring tea like I was
saying but we're driving past
password means each time I've never been
more excited about something in my whole
life like you'll be a little happy gosh
no I'm not going to you stop what is
that she goes don't smile this stuff
we're off the high school musical
oh my gosh this is it guys cool cool see
I had no idea what the next pad was
later Troy Bolton we made it to the
hotel all four of us that way there's a
thousand of us oh wow I love extra trip
you're very excited about this trip um
we just got into the hotel room and got
this really great view of this mountain
of the tree that is great this is a
great view of that I'm just kidding
there's a view right there of the
mountain but what you're gonna do guys
we are in Utah and we're in Utah now and
I think we're gonna go grab something to
eat we kind of didn't eat anything all
morning and just pumped ourselves with I
ate coffee I ate a lot of coffee and I'm
gonna go drink some food now unless
you're high but we love you guys thank
you so much for watching remember to
subscribe to be a part of the best team
on the internet hunting remember to get
your merch at hunting clothing calm it
is in the description below love you
guys gabriel conte oh we're strong as
and soft as the cotton you like in times
we got hot like a nagging you and I
