jeonhwa missing pieces what missing
pieces like that I don't behind me or
that a a season one or the missing
mirrors on the wall yeah we moved into a
half made house how long does it take
you to get ready oh my gosh I was
waiting there to scare you for so long
I was literally standing behind that
door this clip it's much shorter was
that in it but it's enrolling for five
minutes
my mom in Finland because I wanted to
scare you and you were like are you
ready and I'm like yeah are you raise me
and walk out
yeah man you look really good too happy
fourth of July it's just as first fourth
of July and it's also Milo's foreign
from first fourth of July
another day another love and so on look
wet in red white and blue kinda were so
festive guys its fourth of July for
those of you didn't know believe yeah
it's fourth of July well not we know
watching this but when we're filming it
and where else to delegate you know if
you like to plan ahead like we got a
house we really like to plan ahead and
put it put in an offer on a house and
with three days after that we have to
move in so we have three days of packing
and really like to plan ahead also it's
worth of July we like to plan ahead and
buy our 4th of July festive things like
American flags and stuff like that
on the actual day because it's more
festive we like to plan ahead say what
are we doing today today the fun day
every time let's go out today today the
fourth of July you didn't know that all
right hey did you know it was it Daliah
guys you want of them what a lot of
people we don't know we're doing I know
if I thought that you'd tell me will
show you guys a little bit of a house
not like a full house tour because
there's still crap everywhere but we'll
give you a little sneak every morning
that's all the closet no I don't want to
 we're not going to show the houses
so we don't really know what we're doing
we're thinking this isn't in no
particular order we're going to target
now because we're getting stuff but like
the kids when aren't we at Target so the
things that we think we're doing is one
we'll just in this vlog we'll talk about
like just what to normal in a house and
everything like that begin we're
officially moved in literally me and
then - I think we're meeting up with
like Sebastian and Mason and Isaac and
all them maybe that's not for sure yet
because they might want to go to that if
there was no sentence or scent on it or
something and I don't know if I want to
be in the conference going a house and
traffic down there anyway we don't know
what's going on but it's going to be a
Sunday and we're going to try and find
somewhere to be fireworks so we have a
lot planned we are really plan ahead I
just like I say watch today
be nice oh sweet and we made it to digit
org
I don't think I've ever done and you try
yeah and what you want me to say yes and
now we made it to target everyone is
last-minute shopping at Target there are
so many freaking people so for this
we've ever pumped a lot of people are
just like us and they like the plant it
has like a few hours after you out
learning a few hours a day so we're
trying to get a pretty good like fourth
of July Instagram picture there's the
flag there's a flag we need wait is that
really any reason why you want a flag is
for Instagram of course babe this one's
on sale always I'm always down to save
this one's two bucks cheaper you know we
could spend that money on do Legos Legos
a lot of target buy some Legos American
flag I have a bomb insta pick that'll be
it have a beer would you say man I'm
very masculine manly and I have facial
hair I'm gonna stand up I need to
perform for everyone I think we need
these right here let's see the American
flag tiki torches
just-just-just no oh good catch yes I
think we need one of the pools back
there I'm going to pull there will be a
lot of fun for you we'd have a pole we
don't have a pool in our backyard so I
think it'll be fun so we can relax and
stuff I mean for my love for my love to
have a little medical yeah for my love
to just relax and everything like that
yeah I think we're gonna need like three
is just what are you wearing you look so
ridiculous
me what since we saved those extra two
dollars let's put this right there mmm
yep Jess has officially decided we're
having a picnic and she wants what do
you I have no idea
what do you want or is we need the
healthy stuff maybe like goldfish or
Chips Ahoy a cheese's or something guys
we came to target for an American flag
acting I thought maybe this is all home
furniture stuff who's the one decorating
the house yes it is all your fault 100%
your fault we you're like you're like
yeah it is not complaining I'm
decorating well we're out this is the
moment where we're walking away from
Target and we have a receipt that's
longer than my future where we
immediately regret everything that we
just lost except for the Lego set I
don't regret that but everything there
and anything I regret nothing
all right there's a bug flying around
here but so what tell me how is shoe
Mont got up there What's in what missing
pieces like that I aired up behind me or
that uh a season one or the missing
mirrors on the wall yeah we moved into a
half made house not for animation a
friend they were renovating the house
and there are certain things in the
house are ignorant and it's because we
wanted to reinsert off and they didn't
get exactly to every little detail yeah
well like every little detail is being
like a CMS is a week and a half out of
natives are quite a bit of time is past
it is now 5:30 I think it's the time
with 6:30 is the right time and I was
very productive you know what I did I
built this Lego set yes productive Jeff
do you have a problem with how
productive I am when I build LEGO sets
also we have the American flags open and
ready for business for us take them into
picks with and Jess just what have you
done yeah she just didn't you do a lot
of stuff around the house but now we're
going to go on catch a view for fourth
of July
picking out a little picnic with all
this little picnic basket that's not
really a picnic basket but we're using
as a picnic basket and then we get some
pictures that's why we're bringing the
Americans like it's going to be a good
freakin time you know what
really weird in fact one day we'll have
babies one day one day very very very
far in the future
oh yeah but it'll be house gave and Haas
yet you know I was looking at you and
then I hope well he's cute baby I'm
gonna have baby
anyway we're gonna wait up cake we're
always trying hard but this is about
deputies and hopefully we can get a
really cute thinking but we'll see it's
kind of like we're going and we're just
going to see what happens and if we
can't do it then it was worth a shot
no we'll find somewhere we'll find
somewhere and we'll keep you updated on
the process this is a little revenge
little adventure longer rocket yeah
there because this doesn't work then I'm
going to be some god this is called
fourth of July
one of the stream up so on the way to
the lookout we stopped at another
lookout but look at this view this is
 this is really cool because there's
probably like busy reversal right over
here or yeah right there you see Harry
Potter world I think right there yeah
the minions checking up right there but
anyway that they'll probably fireworks
just like launching right there which
would be really sick view and I don't
know I'm debating whether to stay here
go to the other we can really go to the
other one if it sucks and come back yeah
guys we found our spot we found now
packing we found a parking spot our
covers leaving but we pulled it it's
just like roadside parking so you kind
of just gotta find a spot and they do it
what you got and I rhymed yeah fun spot
I make do what you got because when you
get the spot you know it's got to be hot
okay look at that we did when I greet
you was coli they were like Park Park
rings at gates are closing there's Park
Rangers on the other side of the gate to
make sure people wouldn't go through or
so but we found another spot but like
look at this view right here look at
that
Oh oh my were all oh my god oh look at
that city what we just do we just took
some bomb photos I was walking on this
railing good a dad but gosh take photo
so check out the grand give it a like it
look so sick okay
dude bro dude brawl dude looks so sick
bro I'm hoping that there's tons of
fireworks because this view right here
just like the view and just seeing like
fireworks go off is going to be one of
these sickest things all of my life we
found a killer spot let me tell you
we're an adventurous couple Lola
Fillmore months like the fireworks once
you really start saying you can already
see some
yeah for now we're going to stuff our
faces so we'll be back after that look
at all the fireworks Oh No look at all
those chickens everywhere that is so
sick that reckoning god bless america
oh my gosh you can see it's so clear on
this camera I love it miss cameras and
saying guys if you want a camera that's
very easy to use especially at nighttime
has great low-light Hannan g7x shrieking
baller let me tell you all right I'm
going to end this clip is just you got
the picture the next day turn it is the
next moment it is perfect it's an
afterthought and basically what was a
lot what happens comes off to the bottom
so we left silence before the typical
and just be real and forgot to finish
the vlog well I actually went to bed he
was after a while I suppose but now
we're finishing the world peace out from
Jen gabriel conte
