o M G
another day another vlog son grant love
that nothing good idea what my underwear
guys I have no pants on yet maybe I
don't think it matters if I'm pants on
or not because you can't even I can't
even see it well we're going acid you
know you can only see it when I come in
the mirror but like when do we ever film
in there we're going up for dinner but
we're not for like I left 15 minutes so
I can still walk around the house with
my pants off because it's our last day
in the apartment sad another day I know
them okay so what has happened to past
few days not so much we went in toward a
house put an offer on it that day after
we got back because we loved it they
accepted it that thing and that was like
two days ago so now this is the current
situation we are packing and since we
looked at the house which was Wednesday
Wednesday Wednesday we looked at the
house moving in Saturday which is
tomorrow it has happened so fast and
I've been on set the whole time so jeff
has been done yet man justice Ben just
has been going so hard in the apartment
trying to get this all together so
totally bit shorter she's been counting
what of it she's like a labeling
everything to linen and towels giveaway
quote I don't know we different clothes
but the very exciting part about all of
this is that we have the keys to the new
house just pick them up today walls on
set we're going to go over there tonight
look at them it is currently a p.m.
we're starting this blog at 8 p.m. at
night but it's still going to be lit you
know why I could movie house I'm dabbing
huh yeah both anyway we gonna get some
dinner and this is the last part
mmm this is the last night in this
apartment which is say it is pretty
weird we've been married for six months
already moving out you will be missed
there's our big time you're welcome
you will be missed cry if you need to I
can say about you all day can get our
album on iTunes and Spotify you can
tremont sapphire action it's a good good
out and I am you need to date about the
fall day you can find our merch on Jeff
and Gabriel calm if you want to good
stuff that we have happy tired you need
very much oak okay maximum focus a
little zone anymore you might wanna sing
it not for me I'm gonna try this that I
don't know if it'll work last night you
in my room now my bad shape smell like
you something something that then man
now I'm in love with you buddy okay I
just stop doing songs if I am any
hopfully right so how's that well you'll
see oh oh
mg new so we're not going to vlog a lot
in the new house today because there's
nothing in here
we haven't business there's that's all
I'm going to show you that's it that's
the only big you get is only computation
and I'm not going to do like a house
full we are not going to a half to a
strangely no when I get everything burn
it you deposit in books yeah mostly
different parts of is going to be the
accents we last turn the camera on we
look through the whole house kind of
made plans for which I'm very small
picture web we're going to place
everything because there's a lot of run
and then we went in a food so you
doesn't like a good dinner don't sit so
lame my burger really it was so tired
we're going to get to go I thought
you're going to tickle me you want me to
season oh my gosh I thought she was
going to tickle my armpit do that all
the time I'll go like this and have
Yemen
it's log going to continue into tomorrow
because we started this at nighttime but
here is tomorrow right another day same
vlog actually go check up as you can
tell our room is totally packed and
we're moving today oh this is a very
heavy box so have any luck we can
finally show the number to our partner -
one two three out here so you're this
year anymore this is a very flattering
angle you can see all 16 of my double
chains we are on are driving at 19 down
those old country lanes any may know
desolate doing in a tiny dancer but oh I
miss the way that you make me feel so we
are we're about to go to the houses but
for people like Africa lancha I first
copy we got it we got the coffee maybe
I'll go back to drinking cups but not
only did we get coffee we got to bagel
not only do we have bagels we have
relationshipgoals we have run into quite
the dilemma that amazes are coming to
our comments pick up everything in for
three hours a little under three hours
but the problem is as we got here and
there was staging furniture like this
little plant and those things and
couches everywhere and stuff like that
then and now supposed to be all the
moves before we moved in and we got here
today and it's all still here and this
needs to go in like we need to figure
out a way to get it out in a few hours
so making happen
pray for us guys well once they see this
Oh
you got it get you oh my gosh well we
have a hoop and just wants to show off
some of Bristol's you have a ball we're
gonna get one but yeah we need to get a
basketball pronto right in the meantime
doesn't need your imagination okay right
here ready dunk it oh sorry ready round
two
ball oh you have to go pick it up from a
minute pass it back to me all right can
you see my battles cause ya doing babe
sometimes yeah hard life you know I
always tell myself in life being
basketball people will see these scars
and be like Jess how did you get the
scar and I'll be like I'm the basketball
up suggest is moving stuff not really I
mean you're putting stuff away in the
kitchen but I took the liberty we went
to the PIO box before we got here and I
took I'm taking the liberty right now to
open some of the packages so babysit my
little Pete against Natalie okay yes
thank you guys for another my love toy
candy
the second package of the day in the
final package got letters too but those
are letters don't go and we'll read
those Oh for that 9/10 right thank you
great time out what is that what are the
all baby thank you guys so much I'm
gonna wear this all the time good people
really shades up your muscles
thank you wow you guys so much since I
had to running an elevator from the car
because it avoids about a mark his
territory let me tell you it is and mark
my tears did you wash your hands up top
day it is a 1 p.m. the people came they
showed up thank goodness
where are your moves like the philosophy
tap other chunk wasn't big enough to get
all the staging furniture out so they're
coming back at 4 o'clock movers get to
our place we get things going we're
moving and grooving baby cam I really
want to be expanded I'm just like I
think we'll be excited with time I
quickly get started right oh yeah can I
get a yeah a mango iced tea lemonade
mango iced tea lemonade please
Grande please are they threatening to
work honey
yeah and
Rhonda I feel macchiato I know that's it
all right corner thank you very much oh
wow vacuum we apartment hmm everything's
still here ya know so long I think
that's a movers you know that my acting
was horrible and they didn't understand
me
he went okay okay what he was going to
say accent with that because I think
Lauren I am not letting you go hall one
that's all I'm going to say sure I
didn't understand exactly it's happening
it is happening things are going quickly
but I think this is where we're going to
sign off because we gotta continue
working hard doing stuff it's already
like 5:30
yeah and we haven't even gone to the
house yet or should I talk to me because
people usually news like sesang in the
morning in a full day to unpack and
we're going to have all night all my
junk to make a great butt thank you guys
for watching remember to and subscribe
thank you guys for watching um like and
subscribe to join the fam - I what's
going on here if you want my moving blog
and like happy book those are coming
very soon pisa camera yeah great
pizza from jay and gabriel conte that's
the last time we'll say that in this
apartment cry of your name is buried
above
mr. Paul day
