Jess what is it what what is it Thursday
another day another vlog Sean
another day another vlog and if you
think we're alone we're not you know why
cuz that gorilla analyst guess I'm using
a family meet the cousin Michael if you
are subscribed to my channel and saw the
video I posted you would have met Mike
already but if you didn't meet Michael
hello I start like subscribe outside
Michael has had boosted by a half time
I'm a reason for him when he said
hashtag like subscribe that's a part you
shouldn't listen to oh but um Jess yeah
what are we doing today I'm going to be
making some cookies today
Adie know if you want to make them with
me because usually when we make food in
the kitchen you're sitting on the couch
and I make no but I'm really good at
eating stuff afterwards all right that's
what I'm the best I'm very talented at
Zoe's okay chocolate milk chocolate and
white chocolate chip waffle and you're
felling saw what's that December if you
guys watch Spongebob when you get that
joke I'm good thank you I knew I was
once thought that I didn't get it okay
if you watch mine draw me may or may not
cut that you well I'm thinking we could
take them to a dot perfect excuse
let's do it Michael you want to go to I
want us to take you to a dog park Milo
you want to go to a dog park I told you
guys that I like eating that's America
oh I didn't hear some sound inside oh my
gosh she's Australian oh yeah just got
out of your organization
that's an American dance that what is it
what it lashes what is that what
understand German
we're going to take down a job we're
going to be kicked out of America
so we've realized that it is not the
national anthem and there's god bless
america and it's another thing that we
shoot at sporting and everything that
we're seeing a sporting event we made
fun of just for like not doing what it
was and then we're sitting there like
that's the national anthem oh but God
loves pizza
right oh excuse me you guys miss Poste
burps didn't you wait Dave have you done
Justin Gabriel March plug plug plug
Justin Gabriel calm the ones on the
bottom lot but I can't get the mouth
down wit there's one under there and
then yeah
what's Oh swag and so see these bottom
ones are like sliding Brown oh yeah then
it goes down there give me at home you
have a I hold it these are the cookies
since all but they're meant to be like
really gooey and stuff so they need a
light pod and out of the oven said what
did you just say okay well I said you
can't eat these cookies so I mean you
just can't eat them yet they're not the
eating yet why not if you they need to
just harden up a little bit like you
likes it yes they do you eat them what
like in about 15 minutes I'm going to
inhale 75% of all these Oh Nina so why'd
you say babe do I want to try one yeah
yeah I feel like I'm just like filming
all the boogers in my nose right and do
you ever feel like you just always have
boogers in your nose and I just go like
this
he always good paint babe looking like a
relationship goals am i right ladies
am i right ladies Karen said that one in
a while Jack come on died like really
just everyone just stop saying people
want you to say that and they want you
to death and they want you to say it to
it lit n gga why just a zoo animal now
and everyone just bosses me around and
tell me what
kidding guys I love that volume still
uh-oh I just went through a phase where
he was doing it like Marty said yeah I
was I went through a phase where I was
like way over the Piney so does it like
everything I'd be like babe I am i o
clock I am dad
hey David assistant Oh yo let's try this
cookie
yeah that's so buddy it's not burden at
all really cuz mine with Ben no it's
like mine was on the bottom yeah it's
just like a little crisp on the bottom
is it I want some of this in Slimer
even a girl a dog park Milan
guys he's never been to a dog park
before he doesn't know that word so
about like 30 40 minutes later update
nothing exchange we're still eating
cookies but now it changed and we're
going to go to go pop well went on how
are you don't have to whisper we have to
make it because Michael Michael
shirtless man to be quiet meeting plan
of its linking he's he's gonna get he's
gonna get very energetic I'm gonna be
high paying my mellow we're in the wild
wild west Milo I wonder how he'll get on
with the other dogs what is he gonna get
it on with the other dog again
Australian terminology just don't get it
oh wait you didn't take it on no to get
alone I'm gonna have they're going to
get along with the other Dino how he's
gonna get a lot with you Michael
I was like why are you making silly
jokes that makes perfect sense that are
amazing Australian only through
Australian or maybe British people say
that - I don't know but anyway
god dammit hey my lungs ready off of it
okay yeah just it's your nook table
parent moment you know right babe yeah
this is like when a baby steps using
diapers what yes
yeah this is like when this is like when
the mama bird pushes the baby birds out
of the nest so they can fly on their own
climb I low fly or just take a pee on
that patch of grass before you fall okay
fly are P that is my video fire Pete you
know that's a good rule of thumb if
you're gonna go flying make sure you
take a wizz before you do smiley has a
send all right
this is Jack I don't know we just named
the dog ourselves yeah he looks like I
don't know Milo I welcome your buddy
hi buddy this dog is so up here like
screw this dude get me out of this dog
park I'm sorry bud
please let me freeze I like when you
know sorry boss oh my hell is that -
yeah breathing heavy yeah guess we're
off to target so we are also target
because I want to get a couple things do
you want to get anything don't adjust me
this year and I just decided to come
with you because he loves something love
shopping I'm just getting you a couple
of like Jeremy paintings and I'm doing a
couple tiny things like mice and jaws
and stuff for the kitchen where you're
going yes let's not beat around the bush
here we have something serious to talk
about by talking my knuckles
I hate basically we have so many
exciting things going on tomorrow we're
not going to vlog it no we're not going
to vlog it serious business I'm heavily
focused but but but basically basically
a mime are oh we're going to look at the
houses school so we're looking at houses
oh I'm really exciting because we
realized over the course of the past
four
yes that we are very quickly outgrowing
our apartment and like it's not so much
that it's like oh it's because way and
legacies and a lots of guests but the
season of guests is just going to go on
kind of rebel yeah but but I guess I
wouldn't even say two guesses the reason
no but that it adds to it but it's not
so we definitely need a more space and
we're so excited to look at houses
tomorrow
yeah well the well the thing is that why
we need more space it's not just we want
more space and now we why do we need a
bedroom for us to live in - I don't want
my office if you've been watching videos
on my channel I filmed myself from my
home base is in the corner of our
bedroom that's like my office cleaner
and with everything that what are you
doing he needs an office of his own to
put all of his equipment and all of his
stuff in just a place where he can guard
yeah and film and stuff like that so he
needs a whole room and then she needs
like we've had the guest bedroom or the
second bedroom in our apartment has been
used as her filming room slash office
slash the music studio when we were
recording which would also be you know
in tandem with her thing the spare room
that we have in our apartment right now
has a lot of uses and we just kind of
need must face whatever so I'll keep you
guys updated with everything that
happens yes guys it's that time again
it's that time of the week where we end
up at Target in the furniture section
and
this is the section that takes 90% of
our bank account so you like I don't
even know what that is like we don't
need that but like just likes it and
finds a way to like incorporate it in
the house and like 20 of those later
we're spending how much are they - 300
bucks sir I got my things for the
kitchen and everything I'm gonna let me
catch a mess in the kitchen whenever we
won't pasta this island hog it enjoys
like yeah I free I like forget it's here
and then I freak out like that goes when
my dad and brother come in town maybe
you guys cool we're gonna pretty drill
the Millennium Falcon begging dad anti-v
you've been warned you have been warned
so we are done at Target we are done oh
my gosh he Austin you trying to kill me
run two balls Jose okay I didn't know
what ball yeah I was just like I was so
surprised you didn't ask
Oh what are you going to say typically
like Oh what are we going to say in this
clip like it was pointless just turn it
on yeah random stuff like but if you say
asked like if he says up and coming
around like a lot but I was like okay
anyway we're done in target and we got
some really key things right now we're
going to get a bite from this health
food place and we're going to swing by
the one of the houses that we're looking
at her yeah that he really liked from
what was seeing the house itself looks
very nice it's a little smaller than the
ones that we're looking at but 1/8
exponentially cheaper yes then other
ones that were looking at
well what's the smell and it looks a lot
more updated something like this is a
steal
we're really we're really excited yes
literally so much cheaper it is so much
cheaper than the other way we're looking
at Jesus so we'll see how it goes
recount then you can see in the
carburetor if I run a red light
we're fine we're fine but we don't we
come on and in this vlog now and tell
you guys the peace out from Jack but we
did just drive past the house and it's
pretty cute and it's in a really great
street so very cute too cute table keep
you guys updated and and we're signing
off now because we have to get some work
done before we go to sleep tonight we'll
get home I have to be at set at 8:00
a.m. the morning tomorrow morning so lik
we hope you've enjoyed this blows yeah
and we love you and can't please out
then gabriel conte i think we've done
that just us true
