Oh what just oh my gosh
you know how to come out and I thought
you were just looking at like yeah I was
like why isn't she turning around then I
decided to scare you
hi buddy hi buddy good morning good
morning good morning
another day another vlog Sean today's a
Thursday what I know I'm logging out cuz
we're literally knocking over vlog for
several hours until after I'm back from
set we've wanted to do another vlog
couldn't because I've been on set
literally from like sunrise to sunset
every day this week Thursday though I
have one scene where yeah one scene
today so I have to go in in like an hour
don't never watch it whenever you had a
what time did you have a very odd cycle
across the freckle I have cost-effective
I got a passive left freckle so I one
scene they'll be there for a few hours
doing that and them and we're done we're
going to vlog the rest of the night even
though I really should be editing but
there's not enough time to do everything
right now cuz set life but that can't be
true we're gonna starve out right now so
late got to tell Jess that she doesn't
look like a mess and that our hairs
beautiful she doesn't like what she
doesn't do her when she doesn't train
here but I think it looks amazing
Kampala tell if she looks like a
freaking babe how much your dude I will
find you oh we got our copy except just
doesn't get coffee anymore which is so
sad she gets your little tea something
around there's my love you want getting
a blog stop with us sorry game passing
right now I have to leave I have to I'm
skateboarding to set because who doesn't
like skateboarding too sad when it's
like five minutes away I thought we have
to
that well I can yup and this one says
what anything what's inside is so lit
that you'll regret not sharing it with
your fans so when that being said we'll
open it once I'm back so see you in a
few hours guys except for you guys it'll
be like not even a second so okay
one guys gave this one his way home and
he was just facetiming me he's like a
couple minutes away so I'm going to try
to get him you know how bad I am at
scaring but I'm going to try oh my word
I go ahead are you doing that oh my god
okay you you gotten really I look like
my makeup is on fleek I feel like it
looks so weird when you go to set and
they put you through hair and makeup and
then they push your scene to four hours
after when they intended to shoot it so
I just came home and I don't have four
hours until then so we're going to vlog
a little bit I'm going to watch this
makeup off and really fix my are you not
looking at me I'll bet that means would
now have to do it again yeah they're
gonna don't have to touch it up any my
sweat and stuff makes it fall off with
this now I'm gonna take this off because
I look like a mannequin right
the floors lava oh yeah we better that
dang I'm good at that I'm good at the
floor is lava the floor is lava my jump
on jump on that Mercedes right there
there now that's Alexis jump on jump on
this BMW why can't I do it
floor is lava what
baby you're lucky that's alcohol Oh No
hold on hold on hold on wait wait wait
when I point you got - my seat oh did I
did I did I did it for me go better that
I've done in the burrito oh I've already
stopped a lot because I don't know the
words - bye see you - okay great that
was the West one I don't think it was
this chances haven't done it in so long
that I realized how stupid I actually
look like if there were someone I heard
a door close in banana
there was someone like walking by they
would have seen me just dancing in front
of my car I mean we all music and going
like so we have to go get some passport
pictures for something I don't even know
we will party with that but then we're
also just going to eat going to drive by
a house that we couldn't offer on want
to see is because I've been up every day
so I couldn't go just I was the only one
that looked at it and he just had to
trust me I took a lot of videos and
churches yeah I just had to trust the
relationship goals am i right we might
move into a house and have anything like
we're driving I mean yeah that's really
crazy but he trusts me you guys I have
good taste
we're gonna drive past it so you can see
because it kind of really progressed -
yeah good
I always feel like I do especially if I
do this what I feel like all of a sudden
I'll crop back to keep well right guys
do that right now
do it right now like this and then be
like oh my gosh am i animal video then
comment below and like the video and
subscribe to our Channel but legit guys
just glad to join the fam we don't have
like a fandom name I don't know if I
want to do a fandom leave now but I feel
kind of weird I got
Marcus John good friend of owners he was
like after him subscribe to him nobody
was like thing is I kinda want to put
labels on you guys don't let people put
labels on you know it but you can still
be a Potter now like it's only part of
the lift and like an add-on but it's not
like it's not but I'm not saying that
like Yura you're just real inator
you know it's saying like yo you're part
of the litt family you know know that I
don't think I like that you know like
that well I liked it went because it was
Mikey me and Jack oh right mama'll it
damn it was like the lip band reunited
Jacko's never yet I invited him over
tonight
fandom totally he comes over Jackson she
hasn't even responded to my texts so
Jackson brazier you're watching all mugs
um of us oh my god it was so funny these
old ones that we were laughing at so
ridiculous we just drove by the house
and it's looking really really key oh
but guess what the floor is lava oh that
was easy you know when you like take
your driver's license photo or like a
passport photo or something and you just
like look back on it you're like man I
did not know that I look like such a
freaking spark that is me right now I
just look at them god bless people
chilling in my spare jenna kissing no
maybe you are you are the most
photogenic person why are we getting in
the car we're just going to eat leg
across the street right oh no we're
going yet everyone I'm stupid
the floors off what just happened
baby you realize one when you asked me
to do when you actually to do the floors
off oh yes
I like to jump up something really high
and go and then when I ask you to do it
you're just like I know
that's okay you're coming you know give
and take the floor is lava I'm not gonna
calm down I am not yet not about the
hopin that deficit is the worst feeling
dumb sort of ever sighs Oh
time for we've got mail
we should have the segment where we get
mail call it we've got mail
it's like the AOL thing that thing's me
yeah you got me but we have men so we've
got mail so guys it is now time for we
got mail all right honey
oh look one of their packages of mail
Charlotte Soloway
Holloway all right so this is it we only
have like three packages but we have
three that we got from them if you're
Hillary should we open to some left the
lid package yes yes well for the list
package laughs but this one seems pretty
lit as you know it's a near a giant
chocolate bar and this is a golden
ticket for Charlie the Chocolate Factory
all right it says Roger please had to
look at its from Indonesia focus this is
the place postman sir jewelry I think
that they're just for me I wear please
definitely dude no it's not okay
Linda jewelry I got the keys keys keys I
got the keys keys please wet someone
stop this was necessary gave up randomly
for girls we didn't have anything for
you but we lucky some cry of humans
I can't bear to watch you all day crazy
with murder on the other side it says
Justin Gabriel what no way that is sick
that's okay grumpy come love genogram
what's up Bruce Winkle insa I'm not too
sure I caught this will enough not a
tape there wrap this in like this thing
is probably really fragile why can't we
get fitted I don't know to Neelix to but
I never should have found the right
decision you know this is but you're
about to find out yeah oh what funny
it's Milo about those oh my god we look
so freaking funny and there's a letter
with her about it what you're going to
baby look like Elvis that's awesome area
that is so great legendary legendary
I named it recently you guys have a
music video that I thinking fan mail but
I hear heard that you can make another
one into my gifts and that I can become
happier than ever did you notice me
we noticed you want to thank you so much
for thank you so much thank you so much
that's psycho and now for the last
package of the day the extremely wet one
will keep it's more less than this but
it's not that it's a competition buddy
it's here in my life oh my gosh I'm
gonna keep whole you can see what's
inside is through it that you'll regret
not sharing it with your fans
tada the creepiest picture of me ever
person on the Internet
that stuff coming really what is it it
is law camera so this is guessing a
photo of the two girls attended to us
cool on camera ready yes it's a flash
camera ready yes it is come on down
thank you ready yeah whoa whoa yo oh my
god way that is so funny so they have
Collins and Jacko in there that is so
fun that is hilarious
and then news photos of us oh that is so
nice and they wrote us a whole long
letter in here which we are going to
read oh that is so nice and then there's
more back here Oh mmm that's a clever
that's they created that is so sick this
is circu look at that Jack I want hmm
oh that's awesome I love that verse all
right and then this oh that is sick that
is then put mister missus you put up
dang are my gosh that is really cool
that is a copy that is so sick Wow
thank you guys so much just like a book
that you don't have to flip the pages
you just pull this that is awesome that
is so special I love that oh there's
more stuff in the back baby Kiki this
must have taken you guys so long
thank you thank you so much look this
one we got my love slime that is so sick
I love that so thank you guys so much
Alison Vicky Alison victimisation got so
much there's like more letters of stuff
in here that we're going to read
so I went to set so my things came back
and now the battery's gotta die so we're
just going to say please doubt I don't
know what else we have to say that tree
is about to die that's what I just thank
you so much for what I really like
described yeah thanks Pisa mm-hmm Pisa
from Jen Gabriel
Kanzi in my life concept she's doing his
own sorry okay peace out from Jen
gabriel conte
