oh no wait what Webster - today is a
really safe environment it's your fifth
month
Athena age six month birthday mom is so
happy to see you we're going to take a
Polaroid or reflectance and Philip we're
going to take a Polaroid real quick but
first don't think you're fasting all
right so we do this helps family in 101
is going to be really less like put it's
way out there
it's your favorite Chewbacca get ready
I'm just going to just just smile at the
camera and then oh now you lick my
entire face this is a working level I
can take a minute you ready is very so
bad oh I saw solid
that's actually pretty cute family
memory L familiar and we'll wait so it's
like oh sorry excuse me different ways
are this or to develop so what we're
never going out to breakfast go to the
peel box to get packages and then
opening them and taking Madeline taking
Milo that's the whole time because we've
missed you so much
while we were in Hawaii add anything
things so blessed to have friends who
were like just willing to take him for a
bit and just they were like you guys
need a break you're like wanna go on a
honey but they just Brian Cody money
Brian Thank You Katie unless I look like
fart in that Polaroid what am i doing I
did you see me babe I tap the Polaroid
to try and focus on the Polaroid yeah I
look like a second fart no yeah
no baby are you kidding me another day
another love another day another dog
vadoma gee we missed it a lot is this
car we were driving a smaller like
holder probably over way and this is
just like so happy you know what I miss
a lot the reverse camera fancy good old
fur vest so now we're getting off for
breakfast I don't know if you said that
I mentioned it I said it was on a
breakfast go - chicken - no box open the
mail what you have to say to everyone
Barbara my sister we had so much fun in
Hawaii and there's going to be a video
on his channel yeah about all the things
that we got up to I mean it's not going
to be like about what we did in a sacred
while we were around I just brought my
camera and just when I thought it was
cool got some footage of stuff and yeah
I'm just going to put together a cool
little video it would be really cool but
my favorite thing and I think his hurt
thing was we went on the doors off
helicopter off the best it was so so so
cool it was so cool and it was like I'm
afraid of height I'm gay I'm slowly
getting over I feel like I'm afraid of
heights or like I had my camera with me
which is really great because I'd like
to look through the camera to be taking
pictures or videos and stuff like that
it really helped me like focus on
something else other than how high we
actually weren't but when I would take
like a moment and look out of open
window or open door just down and think
of like me falling it was very scary and
then I just go back to messing with my
camera like taking pictures so the
camera was a good distraction but then
once you get used to it about like it's
in like 10 minutes and you just get used
to it and it was the most peaceful
blissful it was just amazing and to see
like unreal most unreal experience it
was for my special thing like so close
to these mountains and stuff it
literally looked like a pretty awesome
like you're just read your hand out and
touch the side of this mountain that
you're just flying by a helicopter it's
just crazy if you ever have a chance if
you would open door helicopter do you
know what really when I think up Siri
can I keep jumping none of it
anyway family scheduling meeting we got
the notebooks out but yeah we'll have to
get to some work so we'll be back in a
second look at how can't I got into why
I'm like a thousand shades darker how is
you made up uh not a really
inappropriate
fil we'll be back in a sec ooo we're
back out of good good brekkie yeah
basically we have two days we have
Monday and Tuesday before we leave town
again on Wednesday Miley's coming with
us you can forget about a week's worth
of work done we had to kind of just
organize our week out our chart today
yeah really sick now we're gonna go
check out PA box so when we were away in
Hawaii brag I already checked in front
so I'm not sure if there's going to be
something anything
yeah we have most of the packages and a
lot of letters more so than packages
there at the house but we're just going
to check a kiss anything came in that
don't tickle me
got a frigid spinner that min okay oh oh
all right we got some stuff that we're
going to open okay well last night when
we got home I already open the package
and it was some kind of cosmetics i
spoiler it but that's not like something
from them listen thank you I'm a
businessman out of shape though Chris
yeah Amy we have a lot of lettuce and
then we have um this from Springfield
from Robin come on yeah
all something I'm going to explain this
this is from a company this is awkward
I'm pretty sure this is today
you already have a million this is a
bunny without a face
this is actually from the tanning
Company the night with Lovington big can
say such a pretty book we just got a
letter on this thing that I'm not going
to read it because it will take up a lot
of time here we will read it but just we
were not going on the blog but thank you
Robin so much and I'm going to look at
sting oh wait they send me something I
did things I don't think they did unless
they sent yeah she's all for just it's
the dust or anything but what whoa
that's really look at that you know I
think my nose could have been drawn a
little smaller but other than that I'm
kidding that's I yeah big noses look at
eyebrow Thank You Robin for the drawing
and also tried to pick one like this
hard to read because he's writing on
both sides so it's I'm also trying to
pick one of them it's really hard to
refinish I wanted to help you pick some
songs could you do happy no way that is
hilarious
that's a three other songs in there when
we went to the jewel on the beam Jeff
could never think of a songs if she just
put a bunch enough okay we're gonna do
one right now we good good lucky get 17
Jesus gotta let go
no a goat okay I let go all the way
let's go alright next Bob we got a lot
of letters I hate the drawer termination
in Franklin TN Tennessee perfect because
you're going said I see he is amazing
does it even go
Nathan Shore I am sure that's going to
be a good CV that sounded so sarcastic
give me the pond oh I am sure I did to
be fun level people are creating and
making things and making content whether
it's music or videos or whatever it is a
lovely show yeah love that people are
doing this oh this is cool kind of got
to figure out more what it is but it's
like a reference guide for the Bible and
this is from Jordan Thank You Jordan
miss oh look at that we got these things
called date boxes where they send you a
box for a date and it just has came in
any government how did I get any idea in
there so it's time for your date welcome
to your dates this is not this is not a
paid nothing we just get this and like
it it's fun Oh enough wait what when I
think kpop no way that's pretty cool you
should do this with bribe I just wanted
to cook oh yeah
Braga you're coming on your date on your
date
they're coming on our date with us
that's that's like ultimate third wheel
when I got a couple of doing a date and
then you go along on their date that's
what you know you like succeeded in the
third day that's all of the things the
sticks that we get to make them later
there are three six there's a coloring
like watercolor food coloring some
sprinkles a cake Papa name so they have
everything included lots of napkins and
they have paint brushes to paint the
tops right hang meet any of them
wait is this this actually cake pop wait
make cake pops maybe no okay so you bake
the cakes off and then you paint
well it's cookie ah that's cool
that's okay I got it alright now we have
a bunch of these letters which will go
through
but not only long so thank you doctor if
their names on the front and read Imam
thank you to no-name thank you to camera
and you get CV Thank You Jenna Thank You
Caitlin gizelle thank you Rihanna
cue Jacqueline thank you no names
hey Ian Ian Ian Carla I think it is so
cute when you get invited to graduation
we were input here on this with safety
but thank you so much Chandra for
inviting us to your graduation
congratulations
Congrats it would be so cool if we could
go to every graduation in like weddings
to we get invited to yeah we did
we just can't but you never know maybe
one day one day what make it a point to
go somewhere but that is sort of
precious Thank You Kristin Kristin
jasmine in Isaac thank you wait I'm
gonna be a wedding
oh my goodness you guys it's a wedding
well congratulations to Jasmine and
Isaac girl Congrats oh we met them oh we
met him no way
very much church and they were so sweet
say congratulations love it love it so
thank you guys for all the love and
support love you guys yeah and I guess
let's update we got back from our
honeymoon yesterday update then update
done we got back from our honeymoon and
know we're back to working it was a
really good break that we had really
like kind of gave us a time to breathe
and come back to reality would like the
mindset of excited to get back to work
and exciting yeah and
I filmed my first vlog yesterday
probably up before this video is up if
you didn't check it if it is yes on my
channel and I'll be on set shooting for
three months in the summer we have
signing goodness coming we have I think
in the next two months we have over
maybe just over ten just over ten in the
next two months time span and um yeah
just is working on a lot of stuff she
has some really exciting stuff that will
be announced very soon it will be
announced
like next week and then I'm starting on
aside from the vlog and me being on
statue in the show I'll be working on my
own project that I can say nothing about
right now and like going back into the
studio yes
so I'm not saying anything you're not
saying anything else besides studio
scratch my leg babe were you doing
alright guys I think that calls it a day
for this vlog we'll see you guys next
week and she's down did you see what you
do
okay winning let me do hmmm peace out
run yeah Gabriel and my house country
yeah bye guys
