that's an exaggeration though she and
another day another yo-yo yo-yo was good
we're in Florida right now I got my loan
we're informing at the hotel room all
set up
well we're about to leave and yet not
set up we got we're all packed up is
what I'm gonna have had my coffee yet so
you know that's it look any big d look
at how beautiful this is if you go home
let me go look at that man so great our
windows a little dirty but it's still
beautiful for you very nice for what I
like you
sorry we're dinner together up hmm
so we're gonna go check out of our hotel
and go get some breakfast but first
we're getting coffee with our grandpa
we're gonna say it we're gonna go around
town a little bit see what's going on
visit my family but first ah there we go
that's nice I think it works like
literally just enough anyways yeah and
then we were in La Fortuna you guys knew
that we were leaving qiansun aunt we
dint say where we were the two days in
the labor complaint we got so much done
like surprisingly so much done so we
were able to come visit my family our
family
have to like a drops out about you late
too much while we're here let's no work
is the proper amount of time and what
should it be a really short trip yeah
and we're leaving today and going back a
line and it'll work
Kate like not yeah oh there it is
we're going to practice going on
breakfast a lot it what am I trying to
tie up we leave today first dance comes
in tomorrow I think we clean off so we
have a lot of guests coming a lot of
work to do can be a really busy
sometimes I don't think I think oh yeah
I never talk about all the time but they
know you know you get it you get it you
get so we're going to grab breakfast
check your will come back after one hour
later all right all right water we put
him back then anyways in the pool and go
to sleep every single contract okay so
we had breakfast we are sorry fall I had
a freakin cinnamon roll french toast are
you kidding me
that's disgusting America what's going
on that's so it was rather delicious I
didn't have a lot of it though because I
felt sick afterwards but it was very
fantastic but the creativity that
Americans have with their food is off
the charts like going to Australia and
like going to restaurants and let the
food options it's just different the
different culture Americans 3 yeah it's
just a different culture Americans just
think of everything
that's almost on the verge of not
necessary but but like when you have it
it's like wow I was very creative
animation we actually have to go to the
expo
yes but roundabouts by going to be
something up then we're going to my
family so they will be anyway anyways
anyways so we're going to best die and
then we're going to hold here yeah we
are and then we're going to have by the
way the reason for Cadillac because
Cadillacs that that was a joke we were
trying to make there something hilarious
mister why am I say can we go somewhere
else you just forgot for a Best Buy
it isn't that's my Jess hall son in the
car that's an exaggeration that's what
you did when we kind of quiet for a bit
just like driving web right three like
tired and I just and um anyway I was
like dang it we would just at Best Buy
like it just clicked to me that I missed
my opportunity it's so frigging funny
by the spin for the flight home I wanted
to place this in clarify because it's
like a speaks outline that's it are you
really you're with you legit one of my
goddesses yeah was on my mind like
please I'm big when are you ever going
to play I'm playing no let one else
after that are you ever going to play
the city on the other plane
oh yo what's going on spam hug it back I
can wait a little bit yeah
so she got her wisdom teeth pulled
she looks to me it's better than her
being on the vlog and then explaining
what happened if you're being like
what's wrong with her face and i
smelling my loom thanks
so mom you're you're in it i don't have
to get behind the camera you can't just
have that I'm Sophie the whole time yeah
I'll cover it now walk behind walk
behind me it's not daughter I just like
meet my pet show guys it's different but
like they're still like stuff over there
but yeah we're daddy's eyes oh wow this
looks great
we just yoki it just different from what
I was bored like though I'm getting rid
of those and putting like actual you
have Emily going through my new area
it's just a bed oh no be cool if you got
like one of those like folding ones into
the wall that comes out so you have a
lot of space for activity you're saying
you'll give us so much extra space in
our room to do activities I have a like
a situation where like I would have so
much anxiety going to sleep that I'd be
laying there and then in turn over here
so but imagine all the activities you
could do if you folded it up we're get
so much more activities done your robots
are there so many activities what do you
say no it's hot every single
time is law I look so bad comment below
and tell her how great you
like it doesn't get much worse than this
like to be honest though that looks like
it was dad's old t-shirt and you ripped
a hole on the top but on my t-shirt
swollen hasn't washed my hair like I
think the only thing I've done is like
brush my teeth
why are you guys go to South love you
too hey guys thank you so some really
special needs I'm dominating or since
yeah we ended up getting it CH enjoyed I
love getting it for me I readily I
rented went into starring got it for me
to like know it's mine even asked you
and I was insane happy wife happy life
I'm getting it but the thing is I was
downloading it at his parents house yeah
and it was going so fast and ahead eight
minutes to go but we really had to go
because we need to go to the airport I'm
going to security and everything like
that and so I was like oh I have eight
minutes to go anyway I don't know nine
hours keeps jumping up jumping around
yeah anyway it's probably like an hour
and a half now you're probably not gonna
work download unless you got in here for
Wi-Fi isn't that very sad I was eight
minutes from being able to play it live
had a really fun trip to Florida now
since us in LA very into it no know why
we kept it on the DL for a little bit
more typically when we come to Florida I
grew up here tried a lot of people here
like all my friend I have amazing sense
here logic saying Oh My Damn
here it's implement I call one week on
it's always like non-stop and every time
I have come to Florida I just mean like
Overland put so much I've had to do in
some of the places who had to be either
strip I do a text all my friends like
guys in Florida love you guys
yeah not hanging out with you guys are
spending this very short trip with my
family and it's been great
nothing that the Friends of the problem
but like images this trip was to focus
on it's really fun story well not an
entire time here gel by the way led to
airport right now
great the output we have like two hours
here mom if you're watching this thank
you for telling us that the security at
this airport was very on lockdown and
very heavy we got through faster than
any other airport security I said now we
have two hours to fill I really could
download at this end
she can't download ago Wi-Fi sucks here
she can't down like this oh thank you
Arnold Palmer baby right there
I really feel like when I guess I gotta
just let boogers bottom right now
disconnected there
okay good yeah Wow
we're going to sign out already please
yeah
all right we're ready and peace out
again and Gabriel
we papa Conti
