okay so I don't have to be saying this
or not I just what's up guys okay before
we start the vlog we just want to say
happy Valentine's Day okay we hope you
guys have an amazing Valentine's Day we
love you guys so much we thought it'd be
very fitting to post this vlog Q&A on
Valentine's Day that's why we wait we've
waited a little bit to post it totally
not because we haven't filmed anything
else and have been slacking on we're not
slacking on the content anyway the Q&A
is very relationshippy base yes and we
are very excited to share that with you
guys we're also very excited to share
that these sweaters these new condom
sweaters we have content on the sleeves
embroidered and love never fails it's
one of our favorite verses and thought
and be very fitting also for Valentine's
Day so they're available for 24 hours at
content clothing calm yeah these are
like one well favorite things that we've
released very near and dear to our heart
because this enough self promo right now
we love you guys enjoy the QA I hope you
guys take something from it we'll see
you in the next vlog Kamiya this gay yes
another day suits on what today's gonna
be a Q&A
another day another Q&A all right we
asked you guys to ask us questions via
twitter using tweet hair on the Queen on
the Twitter of you know about that using
the hash to ask a content ask
honey con team get the shirt rad can't
including comlink the description below
so you guys did that and we're going to
be responding to all those questions and
we're very excited about it like
relationship debased questions and study
think uh missing relationships but first
in coffee oh it is a good day have a
caffeinated drink in the late afternoon
yeah but you're not you're not having
compliments she's a liar she's a liar
yeah hot chocolate found my coffee
lovers Cheers coffee waters love you
guys be the realest content Hey okay
anyway a few inches later oh my gosh
babe are you okay I just scared us so
bad my nostrils do I have boogers guys
save dad buggers alright everybody
welcome back to another video hello
hello everyone welcome every video she
films on her channel hey guys video just
gotta get ready for this Q&A so we don't
end about relationships and stuff
gotta get my thinking cap on and really
answer these questions correctly
Oh question number one and then we'll
put the people who asked the questions
right here the tweets that you guys
asked us using hashtag con team you know
why is there any positive parts to
having a long distance relationship if
so which ones
you are is that any positive parts to
having a long-distance relationship okay
all right yeah I just read it twice
well I read it once and then I I what's
this called guys comment down below like
this is I'm having a mind fart right now
it's oh my gosh I am a no one in it
anyway positive pots do you having a
long-distance relationship was that a we
built a lot of trust for each other
because we weren't with each other for
most the time yes and even like
committing to a long-distance
relationship and being faithful to each
other like that's a lot of trust
yeah that's exactly especially in our
situation because you're on opposite
sides of the world
a lot of the time that I spent awake she
was asleep like we weren't like
constantly communicating or texting and
just trust and be at peace knowing that
she was being faithful in the same with
me I don't think you'd be able to shadow
oh my my and everything I was going to
say reuniting was a really positive
thing probably I can I made her over we
was so so happy when we Audrina and like
the next question for today is the best
advice of makeup after disagreement
probably like mascara I was thinking
like foundation eyeliner sometimes or a
big lipstick yeah no question signs of
an unhealthy friendship or relation
this reminds me of that episode of the
office where he's like I don't feel
happy when I'm with her oh yeah yeah I
think it's the signs lie like within
that sounds so like weird and done the
signs live within you you have to be
very like self-aware and know your
feelings and know your heart and know
like deep deep down like do you deep
down in a relationship that's not
working you know that it's not working
it's like the attachment that you have
in the feelings that you've already
built up that are causing you to
convince yourself that it's okay and
that it's fine but deep deep down inside
like you know if you feel I feel like
this isn't right like that your hot
chocolate yeah yeah I'm gonna make up
the part of me feels like dang like
something in this doesn't feel right
that usually means it something in the
right about it there's just like a
constant problem and there's things
always there that are just clocked that
are just clashing and you know man that
compromise you know about that if they
aren't making me happy when you're with
them like oh I had a friendship a couple
years ago and like a friend just like
didn't make me feel good when I hung out
with them and like kind of always teased
me too and like sometimes you can tease
your friends but it might do Sebastian
all the time this person doesn't make me
feel good you know I don't know yeah my
next question is trigger talk about past
relationships why they ended and what
differences maybe you realize that this
was the right one that I could trust you
because like I said what I said before
was from experience of someone doing
things that don't allow you to trust
them yet they're kind of putting you in
the situation where you're the bad guy
saying why don't you trust me that never
once happened with Jeff you always gave
me a reason to trust you and whenever I
would question that because of my past
and I had trust issues instead I call
that is gone now because you've never
once given me a reason to think that I
can trust
yeah yeah disgusting okay so I should be
saying this or not yeah no no that's
fine I got was more or less cheated on
and I've only really been in one
relationship to cheated on and that was
with that person's I think that's the
most I've shared about the very deep
deep so what in this relationship made
me realize
this was the right one who convinced my
last relationship what's that my way
that Gabe treated me was not how I was
treated in my last relationship
whatsoever and that's why I was like
holy-moly like who is this boy like this
is what God had planned to me because
like no boy ever treated me like that
chivalry is not dead
I told you once I told you a thousand
times it wasn't even just like jewelry
and like Apsley you of it it was like
how I felt about myself and how you made
me feel about myself all right next
question how did it compromise when
you're both angry / annoyed by this
court that says it's bad to lose the
argument then the person that's a really
huge light jump but like that is
actually always yeah like as far as
compromising I feel like in every
situation we kind of both compromise so
you have a little time to breathe for a
second whether it's 10 minutes an hour 2
hours typically result that so it's
usually like we come when we come back
it's like saying sorry yeah I feel like
we talked about how it may have to be on
yeah honestly you want to work and like
obviously you don't want to hurt my
feelings so I don't want to hurt his
feelings you know okay the next question
is from Hannah and she says I'm real
confused if this guy likes me he says he
likes me / that I'm cute and wants to
get here in Atlanta with me soon but I'm
not sure help girl if he wants to take
you to frozen yogurt
oh boy is it okay no that's a very
that's like so specifics it that's like
a situation you need to like a Reno from
the situation funny you get if you
decide to go on the date with him we
cooperation you get after on Thursday
thank you
didn't yeah we did totally did I thought
you meant like after the first time
and I was like no we didn't I probably
went to that restaurant in the grove
knowing you and Jess were going to get
married how did you prepare financially
for your future I think anyone that is a
good one
bonding preparing financially for the
future is like still happening like
making sure we're spending our money
right saving up for home yeah putting
money away in our retirement fund stuff
like that but that stuff we're working
on now but before we got married I'm
more so the pair have the tendency of
spending money on unnecessary things
like clothes that I don't need or I
think you're pretty good I would say I'm
very good comparatively I guess just
being in a married relationship we were
thinking a lot about our future and a
lot about like our kids and we're gonna
have to pay for college one day if they
decide to do that and drop out like
before we were married we kind of like
if you didn't know I was on fine and I
was able to like drop out of college and
move to LA because I had already like
gotten a following and stuff like that
and I've been able to save up I was
living by myself and they're just
wanting to talk about this you know how
to talk about it we're both not really
partiers so there's a lot of money that
I spent in partying and your money can
be quickly spent on a lot of those kind
of things yeah we're very like old
hearted there's been a very long answer
but I think it all makes sense like I
had saved up enough to then when Jess
and I started dating just doing long
distance like flights to Australia rgp
yeah and then she started being able to
work in the same industry and had
opportunities and she started being able
to make money and safe and we saved
enough for the wedding yeah I think we
just it's a mindset no matter how much
money you're making you don't have to
make a ton of money to save money it's
very difficult it's something you really
have to like dedicate yourself to and a
bunch of friends want to go out and go
somewhere do something fun and go to the
movies and like you be like nah let's
just play Monopoly literally like let's
just play Mario Kart okay this question
is this yeah this question was so cool
why don't you and Jess see yourselves
your family and your relationship in
five years
lemme to five years I will be 28
probably have a kid by then or two will
definitely have a baby
hopefully I don't know I don't want to
just say like we'll have our life
planned out then I can prepare for the
future but not trying to plan out the
future if that make sense yeah I want to
prepare for the future but I'm not
trying to clean up that's good thing is
I don't want to be the kind of person
like I'm both under the type of it
oh hell oh my what is that he has your
shoes I would say like I don't want to
not prepare for the future and be like
God's got it under control whatever
happens happens if he wants me to make
it be rich I'll be rich and have a
family you know what I mean like you
have to work towards something one if
you don't hit those things you'll feel
like a failure but if God doesn't have
those things planned like if God doesn't
have certain things that we want in five
years planned into our future like who
are we to decide whether that should be
a thing or not but we're preparing for
it like I would say investing in the
right places and putting money away for
our retirement and stuff like that give
this video a thumbs up if you guys like
mom videos ours are vixen
give a thumbs up if you liked it when I
explained thanks for 20 hours advice on
dating someone who has a different
religion god we pick some juicy ones
this is a deep okay so I have dated
someone that had a different religion to
me without going into it too much I
think is just like take us away pain I
think at the time you can be like oh
like you know it's fine like
but really it can just get so difficult
when you date someone you're either
gonna break up with them I'll be with
them for the rest of your life
so there are conversations that can pop
up like okay when we have kids like
there's church do we go do you know what
are you gonna teach those kids you know
I mean I mean it kind of goes like on a
base level it goes along the same lines
of like what standards do you have
they're like do your morals line up and
I just conversations about the future
like you want it to line up and you want
to be able to like have half that you
want to take for your future all right
just be careful next question is we are
having a relationship and showing it
through social media yeah it's weird you
know when you have to draw the line of
like am i doing this for views or am i
doing this because people will like it
if I do this if we do this you know what
am I doing this because I actually want
to show my love for this person yeah
like when I filmed when you went away to
Orlando and you came back and I was
filming a half flowers you and
everything I had to really like check in
my heart to make sure am I doing this
because I want to give her flowers and
I'm very excited for her to come back or
am I doing this because I know we'll get
a reaction off of our video I can get
very easily swept away with like numbers
and making sure still growing and I
always have to check myself and make
sure like no I'm doing this because I
love my wife and it doesn't matter who
sees God knows just knows that's
basically all that matters so sometimes
it's so weird just like remember when we
went to Universal and I felt sitting at
mic talk to me about my lay like
sometimes it's weird being like whoa
like people know so much about
yeah we kind of hinted towards this not
really so that's the question anyway
what are your current opinions on having
a baby we love I don't know what you
what I don't know oh did you plan
amantha we I mean we want to have yeah
he's more than one maybe less than four
more than two really since when when did
we have this conversation are you joking
why am i hearing about this now like
this reaction finding things out on
camera for the world to see how many
kids we won't we when did your mind
change from three to plus four five I
don't know having one dog I need to
speak to have it like a lot of dogs I
know like when I have one baby I'll
really just like one just like lots of
children but I don't like having one dog
has made me think like man two will be
tough maybe three and it's like in God's
time not like I said that and some
people free some people freaked out
there are like the other kind of
Christians that don't believe in
contraceptives like people are really
freaked out when I was like you know we
trust in God I mean contraceptives are
they don't work there's actually a large
margin of how little they work so I feel
like everyone just things that they
you've said yeah they don't like we're
having a baby
that's one of the greatest yeah like
that's God's decision saying like I
wanted to have a baby regardless of any
pointers some people are gonna say
that's all right yeah I know but can't
please everyone okay the last question
is actually really like hot in this is
from Kelly and she said he cried is just
hate it when you buy like
I actually don't hate it she freaked out
that one time in that one video because
she thought I did something nuts and it
ended up being Lego because I thought
you'd died your hair or something you
made it out that like you did something
super horrible and scary or something
and I was freaking out about that and
then clear like wow just get so mad at
you're getting like I blown you my good
for Christmas she does
she likes America very long Q&A yeah I
think that vibrated the whole probably
not yeah that was a very long Q&A we
talked a lot everyone I talked a lot we
love you guys thank you so much for a
lot if you watch this far you're a real
one your real part of the content what
just happened what just happened what
did he do oh he knows he's in trouble my
love what did you do buddy
oh is that your teardrop blender thing
Milo he knows he knows when he does
something bad oh my word guys look at
this it's just all of them oh my god oh
yeah it's like over there too what a way
to finish the vlog off right this should
not be laughing right now Milo you have
to go get another one do you not have
another one all right you guys thank you
so much for watching if you guys want to
get some hunting clothing make sure to
do so in the description below we have
the link content clothing calm this is
actually one of the best selling pieces
from the new line that we just launched
so we could go mess with us and then you
shoe not in other words
and it serves God to be a part of the
best team on the Internet Esau gave her
he'll Conti found a love for me darling
just dive right in
