Jacko there's no turning back from ah
bad idea
another day another law high-five hey
it's okay oh yeah never mind don't
affect another day another vlog my local
image so game plan today we are going to
Universal because I'll friend Zack and
Jack no but Jack has already been there
before I think what Zack hasn't been to
Universal he's leaving on Wednesday back
to Australian you want to go to
Universal we were like yo we gotta we
gotta back
yeah and universe is pretty lit but we
were like you know we got to get good
wild content though we're going to come
with Universal so yeah that's basically
the plan for today we're going to go to
Universal Zack when we get here Jack was
going to get fat because he went out
last night somewhere and stayed out but
he's coming back and then we're gonna
head out to Universal and it's going to
be awesome it's going to be a good time
any last words
say something inspirational well I was
very inspirational here's my
inspirational quote and you know today
you'll you're greeted a your wish you
started today when I come here here
today right again and again whoa I
thought I got this time next year you're
where she started today this day next
year you were she'll start it today this
day next year you're when you started
today so inspirational babe way to go
good advice though I like it actually
should use some of that event I've so
many thoughts in my head of things I
want to do and I'm like how much I start
inspiring than marriage what it does
inspire each other so what's going on
bro high-five me how's the party
good bless you funny
stories do you have some story to tell
us bro see Jeff and I aren't really
partiers Jess and I are at the biggest
party oh so what we do is we send Jacko
out for us to tell us a story how the
night we pretty much just go and preach
for them melt on we send you out to do
our missionary work that's exactly the
vlog this is funny that we are we kind
of explained it earlier before you got
here so I don't know but you could tell
them you could tell what are we doing oh
that's like going to be V with your mole
that there's not a there's not like
actual roller coasters there it's like
all simulators but crying to me I can't
bear to watch the ball day ok rap horse
one time rob horse one time you ready
check one two one two
drilling my doing that night I went out
and I went to a party it was really lit
and I did a big party itself and
everyone was like record get out of my
body and skipper comes back up
ready back your turn already just
kidding you're too what I just bottle
flip on the first freaking try but
Jacko's camera was worried so I decided
to put it in our vlog you ready for this
big guys you're watching thank you I'm
glad to have your support babe we're
trying to bottle flip here was sad now
with their new glasses check this out oh
I'm the one the one who don't need a gun
to get respect on the street I don't
know what your condo Nina doesn't look
at how blue the sky is today today is a
good day
you broke your class and today Shaco why
would you do that
this bunzo Jacko did finally buy his
ticket and now I don't know going on now
we're finally off we go to Universal
about first topics I mean nothing I'm
going to get coffee
chivalry is not dead dude stop breaking
your glass like so good me thank you
very much
you know coach another how many
universes I am lucky and I are loved it
it's pretty cold here guys were just
trying to conserve warmth but you sexy
better sunny I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh you do a lot of booger
hahaha yeah I'm Tucker bloat obscura
bracket so much better Jacko you look
more like the guy - yeah
I feel so like VIP celebrities out in
front of on let me just get the front of
the line and it's late like VIP oh dude
you need these strong no no check it out
oh we got to go better man we're going
to do tour you know that means the
middle of it you guys are gonna probably
be a little boring but are you kidding
bro I look freaking sick what am I do I
look freaking the ticket and I am
selected all the my my you know dark in
here
exactly you're so much more
better-looking in the lighting right
because I can't see
don't struggle ago
oh here no he didn't care you did
that was there that was like holy
immersive we have traded water
haha that was the longest for my life I
think because it's a slow day here they
like triple it it was good it was fun 3d
glasses Nick so I got often two things
happen one I have to pee really bad
quiet
me too I'm very hungry
you know people come up to you and try
and like solicit and I would have told
Felicity branded like get your
information for some sort of thing I'm
the guys like okay and I'll like walk
past or they don't get I was kind of in
the nicest way possible blow them off I
got to go say but just is just too nice
and kind of you know okay it outside it
okay Bowl
oh I didn't realize what was going to
pick her up
he doesn't even work for that company
just like can I get your number
he's real maestro I did I do that
basketball thing in Orlando and won or
something I made the Lashon but they
remember when I won you stuff laying off
people it was a basketball you in the
wall oh oh it's going to be lit Timmy
Pat made me proud you to Jack arute do
me proud we got 30 seconds 30 seconds 30
seconds show off how Deckard is actually
a possible playoff
Guilhem saw baby cousin Decker I thought
you were a basketball player right now
in fact no it was great
it was rigged razor the ball in the
basket balls were raided it was when the
hub core then and I had to be really bad
even though I just pee oh Sid you're so
popular ready to hate of the vlog she's
been watching since like the finding
first I was on vine that line was 50
minutes on this side it is 50 minutes
thank you for making this surge a coke
and ah dude you could dislocate your
freakin shoulder dude I didn't know you
could freakin do that I used to fight
stick you to school
either go to the stick by it I had lunch
so much it's against my shoulder to get
at a coffee guy like every song a few
days a couple way we're allowed to go on
the mommy forgot to go on the moon I'm a
man I mean man mMmmm
those fun fact
a few moments later are you vlogging on
a GoPro
it's no what but that's what what me
therapy dude oh my gosh I almost forgot
how cool you were until you put your
GoPro in your mouth oh we're going on
the jurassic park ride and wait single
single riders get set cute both you guys
you're single you could get them hit the
line she was like Jurassic Park to the
left I'm single do you want to diet me
obviously obviously just like everybody
else I have that mean you go ride in the
other line and then I want to be single
you'll Jack Oh Chuck oh is that you
that's your always alright I'm going to
film the drop I'm going to keep the
camera here and it's um the drop yeah
that's gonna be so fun and here we go
we're going up on a Monday it's Monday
going up on Sunday Oh
one
you have got to be kidding me none of
that was reported angling and that made
the great pain we go up to the drop
sauce recordings and so there goes our
thumbnail oh my gosh will show you uh
right now we'll show you what he got on
his GoPro how you are before the show we
sent some of our merchandise to our
family and stuff like that and a brother
just said my brother our brother now
my brother yeah detected us pretending
to be me and posing proper funny
that's definitely a you guys I know I
know sorry
you can tell me about the good looks in
the family several awesome the Harry
Potter right out of all the lemon lawmen
roughly longer Watley that one that like
our wedding is oh oh my gosh I'm so
going to drop the kid if you
throw up for the vlog I'm a comfort good
exact if you can't perform for the vlog
and throw up for us and what's the point
kind of our boss unless you throw up get
a good ride Harry Potter on is a late it
puts you like in this job and you like
the machine goes up to these different
like dome screens that are like
different sections of the ride and it's
like a circle screen how are you oh now
you're going to watch yourself on
youtube I don't sing the oh my gosh you
really want to throw up here ahead of
time ahead feeling inside my neck so
again let's boy let them anytime
no no oh my gosh dude I thought your in
anyway let me finish my review of the
ride it goes into this screen that's
like a dome and it's in front of you and
the whole thing is moving so it's kind
of like virtual reality in a way all you
see is the screens pretty cool it's
going to give it an A+ right
I triple dude you have to do it
yeah if The Walking Dead is like a
haunted house all the gel medical prime
your nose part you have to do it bro
came all this way
three scissors Jaco okay we have one we
have one in all just like Cheers
okay you can stay in the middle I'll be
in the front
I'll be in the front exactly in the back
end you mean that are you doing it yes
yes high five
hi how are you are you really okay see
so much high five yeah of course
Jaco there's no turning back bro ah ah
this is great
oh my gosh
hold on Ilana guy throws down hold moxa
details here are you freaking it all my
gosh girl from granular look look Devon
yes mark I showed you I hate scary so
you don't know how happy I am that we
got you on when we were going through
the cage reasons like hands are coming
out let's do it at the end
Oh like they were singing their hands I
was touching my head dude no a guy stuck
his hand out and touched my forehead my
also hate of the vlog bye guys that's
written here have a good one hope you
guys enjoy today's vlog we had a lot of
fun today this was a really good day it
sucks English shoes what time you did
some business but I yeah and we've
really been enjoying like setting stop
talking Chako
what yeah my gosh we're enjoying we're
really enjoying the vlogs again because
we as we told you remember we were like
we are setting aside like a whole day to
do something fun and film an entire vlog
and we're doing that twice a week now
and really setting aside that time and
it has been very rewarding we've been
having a lot of fun with it and today
was a reminder of how awful is that idea
have to go down that alibi date with
that
oh so we're gonna we're gonna go babysit
these two guys and see you later peace
out yeah and Gabriel awesome save them
hey mr. kaanji
