you just baby took your advice and he's
literally drawn another day did a lot of
them another okay guys let's just start
this again ready all of you guys are
going to be behind me
yeah oh no I'm gonna go no I'm going to
know another day when all you guys talk
about another vlogging some in really
cheesy Imbros all right you ready hide a
different Jacko behind the counter check
out down there you're second so I can
see another day Jacko dude no dude that
has to be blurred out Jessie blossoms
academics that was a horrible world that
was the most fail about myself yeah it
doesn't matter we're doing very bad
coordination guys let's go I'm hungry
we're going to breakfast and it's going
to be fantastic because I am hungry it
is the wrong time of my watch because I
haven't changed very much it is 11:30
oh nice watch thank you good yeah I like
anything visible head yeah
Apple invisible freely yeah this is
11:30 we haven't eaten anything per
usual but the story of my lot much like
million Villisca afternoon okay I was
going to say I'm you're very
inspirational then but then I hope you
know what my face says it all ugly is
not inspirational poverty also for old
times sake we're going to judge you on
the fat order on that beyond that be no
but with all juju on the beat you join
that beat
they're all gonna do June and I don't
have a song or anything this is gonna
work but you don't judge me cuz if you
did baby I would judge you - I didn't
what's going on that didn't even what
was that guy that was kind of a fail a
good job oh my okay
that's me oh my gosh
I think that was like max Padma I was
really general it is crazy and what a
thumbnail bro what was the juju effect
yeah just why was the ginger effect well
did you guys see us off Jacko was
planning to mess it out from the
variables running men in the wife thanks
jack no you're just doing it backwards
so guys we have a really funny idea to
film today it's going to be quick okay
so basically went with integrated Jacko
going back to Australia yes sorry this
morning we're getting her to talk anyway
so we're going to grid a target today
and I'm gonna pick out makeup for Gabe
and Jacko to do each other's makeup
you're going to be so hilarious because
it's always like girlfriends boyfriends
makeup so we're doing boyfriend on
boyfriend tonight okay tobacco I am a
married man anyway so we're going to go
do that but first let me take a selfie
Ferrell Brown what not self what
comedian again oh yeah Oh Jacqueline is
saving a lot of time but first and then
you pop out I'm going to do again for
the vote it's not what happened or I
don't you woke me when I do funny stuff
or don't block me at all Thank You Peggy
thanks that's actually learned sorry the
blueberry banana and Claudia when your
life's cream
but I grab the potato potato nice abs
bro no no what do you say again I said I
guess just pulled the short straw making
no gain or crack honestly I'm pretty
salty about that one that is a cake is
your sweet nun and me you just like
sweep there but it sweeteners your
participation will come it's jammed
because you're my jam I wasn't upon that
to cheer with you get yeah but let's be
real jack on my sponge are pretty hot
I'm here in smile make me do it
shut up chop chop chop chop why do you
hate me shut up and we still eat on his
back sack when you watch this video is
love of Jason guys are speaking in Jacko
is a literally he's a savage when the
blog turns on anyway
hey where we are anyway we're talking
now it's gonna take at to make up with
the boys we said we are going to get
coffee when we said but first coffee we
didn't get any copy of the restaurant so
now we're gonna get coffee
but coffee oh yeah now we're getting
close okay guys we're parting ways now
jess is going to get our makeup and I
have to go run us well I'm getting Ben
may go say bye boys
bye babe hi if you need to watch the
wall day it's late Oh twins twins four
days yeah so I walked across the
entirety of target with Jacko down
underneath the thing I'm just a good dad
god bless and a dad yeah when you buy a
human that's in Jacko's vlog I didn't
have the ball camera because Jess had it
but we just met up with Jess and that
what was going that was what that
initiation that's what was going on the
entire time that just was finding makeup
I was pushing Jack around thank you
speaking in anime not one and it was
even like more difficult picking out the
makeup because I don't know if I've got
everything but I have a lot okay when
you're sweet I have broad wrap it lit
lit drawer Zac you don't get any so you
came here too late and we didn't order
on you for you I'm sorry oh that is
dominant bro dude that looks so dope
look at that wait bro you should be the
model on our website for our dude that
is so dope guys now you know this stuff
is actually licked
oh no you're at San Gabriel calm no I'm
going to walk on the streets after this
new photo show shoot and you're gonna go
I use a model from Jesse James website
so I going on doing shows makeup
vo we have been blogging is on real time
Joker I really do feel weird I feel like
like hi guys welcome back to another
video
I'm yeah would you like me to get
everything out
yeah and I need to put it out and we go
freaking ham close it that's the first
bit the fact of tanks ice P that's the
bit where you change the skin colour and
you know this because I don't know what
I'm doing qe we don't have to believe
that sense we don't we have to disperse
but usually it try to like put makeup
around don't put like a lipstick around
the eyes you know I mean I'm sure how
many brushes they're different Russians
are how much goes to no lipstick candies
this pink one okay look bigger and
there's brown wait that one can that
thing is you solid in it yes whoa wait
why does he get one it's much you get it
what is it let me see it I'd read your
face promise much muscle only and timer
mean begin wait why we have for the same
brush yet they're only this must with
this they're all all these are exactly
the same
I think you wasted money you never if
you lock okay that's the different
colors do obviously because I look like
this I know exactly what it is this is
yes
foundation apply oh no no Beauty Blender
I learned that last video probably
promise ice we promise
hold run water alright look at the
shoulder hold on wait can we think
before BB what you do okay now I'm going
to get us into these back then house
okay is best one side of my face push
right can you look at me this is too
difficult
okay oh my gosh don't pick my help stop
white garlic I like this shirt oh oh oh
oh it has to be a dude what the heck it
doesn't have anything on it just as you
take team on holiday to did however I
use this one look turn what a cover here
skin second no no no look up dude I
cover your back put your head down all
right yeah now I'm just gonna that was
dumb very close these nothing still for
me but I remember the Beautyblender
keeled all things if you have like
flawless skin condition what the why
garbage shirt I don't have a life you
know
forgotten I don't have a line and
pimples on my neck you just you've had
just I learned that from yesterday still
this is called Matthew polis and it is
foundation
Tandy joint and you have to die in fact
it's Road didn't worry this is I'm done
making your face fire income yeah
what's your so little now because I'm
making the cut part anyways do you know
what is after foundation I do I'll play
it I'll wait the cheek no no no I know I
know I know that could powder Washington
how does not change microphone just like
the whole neck move I've been shaking
put nitrogen jirafa would do two things
the fact that come about the thing is
funny dude what's wrong
ow ow I'd rather sleep don't believe me
I'm Brandon oh look at that or you just
do the teeth I don't have to on set
every taste a powder my face because my
face is like the it is like he's big
took your advice and he's literally
drawn this is the worst thing
ah this is the funniest thing I've ever
done okay what were you going for I
definitely put way too much lock on the
know you can lose every punch them the
army I don't know what I'm going forward
it's freakin hilarious you should walk
around the pub you're good at doing all
this I really asked up bro like really
bad dude like I try to do that really
dark web kind of Madras look you know
dark I shout out there really freaked
out bro don't putting the middle of them
on do you see that don't draw one more
arm I'm not crawling I'm going to the
line oh my gosh
I freaking killed the eyeliners I can't
get the bottom you're closing your eyes
too much is going on
no it's not you're fine you guys not
over in wish you'd do me let me have a
black nose
I'm sorry sorry we did that schematic
why are you guys so excited to see I'm
not a I'm excited is the right word I
would say I am like eager to see and
apparently I have like a friggin ward
okay right when I say Argan look in the
mirror one two three
Argus Oh mean bag why do i do do i legit
i Mario's mustache on like what up and
their absolute black God I really really
really look like I just can't read on
Mario say that game crashed it and won
everything except jacker one the
eyeshadow the literally put I've just
got out of jail
who so we got the makeup all kind of I
feel as we both look like we like
jackass to let some kid and the son
sitting six please
yeah kind of looks like we thought make
fun but it's all good we also filmed on
janitors channel right after we filmed
our makeup singing we filmed blindfolded
play to watch it it's funny it's his
vlog of the day basically said Oh check
that out and then jess is currently
trying to figure out just as helping
Jack I wouldn't make a situation because
he's going to shoot a music video right
now action you would dis music this
right here yeah so um so that's that
you're looking out for that too or don't
because it might suck it does suck so
thank you guys so much for watching
remember to Like and subscribe and see
you Sal yeah and Gabriel and jacket in
Milo sagen Zack
and by my auntie ready gab down on three
three two one
