no matter what the workshop
another day another Wow was good
some people are back with Sebastian Pepe
Jean whatever you want to call my guy
guy you guys already know him though
he's irrelevant okay Justin I were in
Santa Monica staying there for like two
nights we were part doing the Kids
Choice Awards we were out of the house
Bry guy was dog sitting slot
house-sitting Milo this little guy right
here buddy
hi buddy you need to be brushed did you
brush him ah no I
are usually dropped in by the way no you
bought what just happened was actually
one of the most insane things that has
happened in my life I got scared
probably one of the worst you guys
explain okay you guys well I was not
part of it at all they were all in
cahoots yes yes yes what was that
SSSs
okay how can you go back to New York I
mean because the part of it that I was
just like messaging them and stuff they
kind of Flynn okay so basically this is
what happened I know that I left I like
bra guy knows I was coming to California
and I was like can I stay over your
place oh yeah sure whatever
I don't know why I'm explaining that
photo yeah so basically right that's
adorable
stop interrupting is my camera time all
right so I'm really admire the water
okay so basically what happened was I
get here to California not letting
anyone know I was here except Jess when
I got here I was like Jess Avery doesn't
know I'm here I'm going to plan a
locomotor rewind sorry I was weird Oh
anyway so basically what happened was I
told Jack that I was over here and I
knew that bright guy and Jess had
problems scaring Gabriel felt like
you're on a prank King I want to seem
off like really cocky or anything like
that really nice combo
scaring is very humble to really
important I don't know I think that
hatred
okay so basically what happened was I
impose on both to plan out like a scare
system or scare prank and yeah we were
messaging on JEP guy and we just figured
I since I stayed the night I poked them
both look I'm gonna say I'm gonna lie
that I broke their new couch and anyway
we basically went into the room and then
so then they got our own camera this is
what happened we'll play it right okay
Justin Gabriel just got to the parking
vicinity justice message me and Brian
it's go time
let's do this
they started know what the worst
terrified - you might shoot along bro or
herons how do you feel like being scared
by heat so prank dream is it for my
shoes oh my gosh bro why are you're not
supposed to be here okay your eyes you
should know it all you can estimate
should be here I know I'm not here
I'll give the past three days and come
here don't come you knew that soon I'm
saying like a block away
no way I don't know I'm using this
anymore the footage that you just saw
from Sebastian go check out his video
because he has like the entire process
and the whole thing of it on his channel
bug bug bullshit
yeah I wonder if you Sebastian oh we
reviewed Sebastian my heart is still
beating it is payback
nothing I was guerra but I was part of
it you would normally do I have cheap
lenses this is a team effort
I'm so scared for my future how about
brag I got it right
as my nose right come on oh come on god
of a little gift a little thank-you
comment thank you for not the
babysitting this one's not for scaring
me for banished for dachshund account
sending whatever you know what you do is
you take it and you put on your shelf in
memory of us and you don't do anything
with it no you don't have to open it
open it we decided to get a dog card for
you you know we try to keep it relevant
oh we did not get him a pet coat gift
card to buy more stuff for my love every
dragon while they're leaving now Bry
guys bye God get it see what I did there
guys okay thanks for the nice vlog
footage get out of our apartment
ladies first
okay bye guys all of that just happened
and look who slept through all of it oh
you literally just woke up as I said
that and I just feel like really still
the whole time until I've decided to
balkanize
tonight pulling out the vlog camera for
several reasons right now I shouldn't be
vlogging with it I think that's poop on
my hand oh my you see the poop on my
hands ill so anyway without saying
multiple reasons why filming this club
now one per usual we forgot to end the
last laws of at noon outro - it's
convenient that my lizard poop on his
tax which was good with any designers
step in so he's been running all over
our furniture and stuff when we're
chasing them with two boulders hands
blog content he a second our friend Zack
is here if your focus is on you if you
want a DAB real quick Sean was good I
don't want no money is it awake for
thirty hours because this is what
happened through over from Australia
didn't sleep on a plane obviously
because if you don't that's a 14-hour
flight and right the heart anyway
twice over I'm Jody doesn't have a place
to stay tonight that's all he has to say
but things like that that she found a
white like a puddle began we were like
hey are you yours a from Australia I'm
going to come come stay with us nobody
hit us up and yeah so he's sleeping on
the neck on the couch tonight and down
are not on the couch we have an extra
room with the bed mechanic Amala know
Milo's there compass oh well you depend
for the dogs get hot wiring right now
but yeah I have to wash my hands because
I have coupon until being seen I'm
telling you is my name because they say
not good I'm just saying babe like
you're you're using the baby wipe
like that's rubbing the boot into it and
I'm getting them up babe I can still see
poop on his balls
do you know I'm gonna I will I'm just
wash my hands purchase backwards all
right yeah I can I have a white shirt
okay I take the blog camera guys ready
oh wait should we update them about the
new posting game oh you probably thread
on my snip found on how I got on my
snapchat
how'd me not her anyway as you guys know
life has been kind of crazy for us even
super busy Tom vlogging has been if he a
lot of you guys can tell and have been
telling because you guys have been
commenting about it but making a little
bit me maybe a little bit mean but it's
okay we still love you guys our content
hasn't been like oh let's do dis my love
you okay so was being really busy which
means that we have been blogging in
between going to meetings and in between
doing this and doing that in between
every single thing that's like literally
taking up our entire week schedule so
posting three like entertaining blogs a
week it just can be really really
difficult we are slowing down or
scheduled to film more which means the
bugs are going to be way more
entertainment yeah we'll put another two
a week and we're going to like actually
do something too
long each time I cut out a day and be
like today but delighting to Disneyland
Liz laws rather than like this one like
take a look like this one it was
thinking to Sebastian with the time to
scare me so now we have a blog that I
got how busy we've been like our French
film something to scare you know and
yeah I don't even know what I'm saying
right now he's draw coupons hands so
let's end this now okay I knew coming
days are Wednesday and Friday and then
we are going to be posting on our main
channel on the weekend they don't worry
you still getting a bunch of content
yeah but yeah so they're still from us
both you're still getting for videos and
legit don't know our daily vloggers do I
know
gosh I feel like that's all they do he
has a whole lotta just of one big long
list you Dodger on you to think if we
try to overcome visa and Gabriel and my
look and that kind and you turn the
camera because okay you ready no no you
to do 0 do it that we can't have again
you ready okay I turned it away anyway
okay bye guys woo
