right for sissy stuff and Easter look we
got you a gift
bro how do you like it
hey big baby
hey man hey baby
another day oh yes are you why are you
wait wait wait wait no hey you ever seen
seen fun what I don't see males opinion
of idiots of Facebook did you get the
Facebook invite what about them what
about the evite did you get the events
without the email you don't know yeah
yeah
I didn't get the invite I thought it was
great did you see on the YouTube Adsense
things that ad before that was before my
blog oh you do you click on those little
ways
oh we're wearing stripes everybody you
guys get the joke funny we're going to
get a noise complaint no I think we're
going to get a stripe complaint I don't
know we came out I don't know what
happened
ok so another day another vlog actually
I was going to say but first coffee but
first let me get my coffee Bowl coming
so um today is a big day tomorrow is a
big day because Jaco gets into town and
we have a lot plan it's going to happen
to him so Jaco be ready even though by
the time you see this vlogs will already
know what has happened what what do you
want okay good talk
I need everyone in the office pronto
all right okay everybody needs to be
sitting here so do you have any now hey
hey watch it
this is operation prank Jacko it
commences now if you don't know if you
haven't been keeping up with a vlog for
keeping up with the bathroom vlogs which
you probably don't
anyway recap of that video not my life
Oh
dureena loser isn't so bad today
you let me pooped three times around way
this regular Phil no it's not
I have full confidence in you guys just
give you those counters that are always
praying and he supported the Sebastian
try to prank me actually all three of
them tried to prank me it was a very
warm don't even get it on
no guys what a waste dudu you're picking
this entire thing up did you just fart
even stricter sorted Joe operation scare
Jacko is officially underway with
Gabriele Sebastian actually what are we
going about about developing a Bobby
Bobby or Bob or Robert whatever I guy
and Jeff obviously and sujin Africa I
went up to Party City to get a few
supplies before we started this wall and
this is what I got I thought I'd
surprise everyone with what I got
because I thought it was pretty good so
we have Q half-hearted hoppers going
through those students there frizziness
rule is jazz was gonna be walking into
this room this thing will be set up as
his bed now in that closet over there in
the corner Sebastian will be in there
with a clown man I was like alright he's
going to come into the room we're gonna
have to camera set up he's pretty smart
so we don't want to see the camera so I
was like all right we need a decoy that
will take his attention for the cameras
take his attention if that makes sense
so I thought I guess would be nice it's
almost Easter bag of peas and a
chocolate egg of Easter Bunny
Oh hold on oh no blue and pink little
bunny that'll be scattered around the
room
oh why for what I said decoy he's got to
walk in and be like what the heck but
there's gonna cameras everywhere
you never know that
because we're going to have duckies or
rabbits nobody is holding the duck that
is the plan it will be happening with
Bob and Jeff he arrived to land in LA at
6:30 a.m. tomorrow Jeff and I are gonna
head to the airport Bigelow when that
happens he will be getting to the
apartments getting ready to scare around
okay so what happens is he leaves
tomorrow too and Jacko knows that he
knows that Sebastian leaves tomorrow he
doesn't know what time so we were like
yellow Sebastian
since John Wester show early come scare
him before you have to leave to the
airport it's perfect he's not going to
think anyone's going to be here it's
going to be assuring
to one I don't know what your car don't
need I've got to get my facts they both
almost fell backwards off their chair
not and we're going to do the Australian
Way of praying people don't hold on not
every Australian brave is this is just a
lot of women yeah I don't know what's
going I'm American English book okay
here I think you are used to killing
thank you and you know how I was hot as
an American blob a dub dub thanks for
the grub amen
a vacation i G Instagram all right you
can follow him on Instagram his username
is an ad we're going to be pleased down
anyway but I want to say a huge thank
you to these two gents right here for
making dinner for us with a big onions
that I don't like vegetables and
potatoes it's lit guys usually nothing
not the voice messages we're both single
they're both very single election like
single right so is two jokers right here
speak Spanish very well and talk all
time in Spanish commentary off you can
the white people in the room I don't
understand but Jess knows how to speak
Spanish most have a little bit cheating
down to ten so just the trick question
single okay
tak or Cho no Anna can you believe no
not police never done least mum not be
done the police mugged up Feliz Navidad
Feliz Feliz Navidad Feliz Navidad Feliz
matters and all the violent police love
that all right
it is the moment where we set up and
move this is jackass cute little bed
were making for him right or you made
for him babe we do think together we're
married now alright we are setting this
up game plan here we go when you're in
the middle of scheming an amazing scare
and homeboy has to leave he's logging on
your phone we're going to spread it out
on the floor evenly it'll be the hot
lava Sonya's snapchat Adam on snapchat
it's at what's your snapchat you want to
tell the ball judge cool everyone heard
that no they didn't waiter did foam
Hoggett love it
a long time love you in there that's
such a me move bro that is you're
learning dude do you put that put the
mask on that is freaking amazing how
scary is that babe oh my gosh this is so
freaking good people are going to be
looking like through this window right
here like who is this guy walking around
the krama so this is what we just did
look at all the beautiful little bunnies
invading Jacko's room and then we got
the big bunny as a surprise and you're
going to come over here check out the
little gifts we got them little candies
chocolates and peeps and stuff then BOOM
Sebastian comes out in that scares them
with the confetti
and then to top it off I'll come over
here on the bunny ears play someone
jackals had to know that he has
officially bren-bren
for my saying officially been pranked it
looks like something out you if I was
decorating for my like Easter but
without being set we're going to get say
goodnight for now his past midnight and
we're waking up at like 6:00 a.m. so see
you in a few hours
good morning it is a new day but the
same vlog though so which I don't know
I'm doing okay so it is currently 7 a.m.
we woke up at 6 just get ready we're
going to pick Jacko up at the airport
we're about to leave rations going to
stay obviously getting this clown mask
and all that stuff camera one can sit
there and doesn't matter he's not going
to be conspicuous about it because we
have our camera sitting on her desk
calls on camera - boom camera three
yours truly right here camera four four
when we walk in just trying to try find
the king you see where the calendars I
mean he's not going to see it fit is it
on the table
we're on four W random aha yeah Wow Rock
City South you ready Oh game over dude
no chance you seeing that crap that's
going to be pointing towards them so
when he walks in just to kind of show
that we're home and just kind of cache
whatever's going on out here
did you hear me whatever changes are
going on out here there's going on out
here before we head into the dungeon
when we're talking to Jacko and showing
them the room once he's in the spot for
Sebastian because he couldn't see me
last time yeah I kind of guessed and ran
up you need to key word so I was
thinking how do you like it we show them
everything in easier and I do how do you
like it game over dude Jacko I'm going
to pick you up or come and scare you
it's going to be lit see in two seconds
let's make it happen boy let's do it see
you soon I'm sucker scary dude because
if you guys didn't know Jacko get scared
so easy like so he's probably worse than
Jeff
right I guess he's on the couch Ansan I
don't like scaring from behind you legit
like jumpin freak out a drama called it
like you jump if you like jump from the
Catholic can you do that again Institute
again miss it driving long my friends
the traffic camera view it's the same
thing it doesn't even show how bad it
was we're so diverse but poverty
basically what will happen what will
happen is what happened was was that
Jacko so I was little delay general we
were going to show up a little later
anyway because we were like the
immigration laws back on a crappy
roulette custom is going to be pretty
hard like a charter for people to get
visas and stuff like that cousins the
boycott on me takes forever that we
thought and I was the fortunate
breakfast and Jacko comes in
20:17 and guess what happened yet -
faster than he's ever gone through
before he's waiting he not turning in
like 15 yeah where everything we're like
what watch what happen and not basically
we're so far away still so he was like
yell long as you get closer he's driving
to a ball that's closer we're going to
take a mop down I never can predict user
this clip isn't it too much this is not
about desert promoting a choco log back
into the sex
update jacker isn't here yet and the
David was just running because he asked
the picture that we were waiting in the
parking lot for Jacko perv it because
his uber driver was a little confused is
not feeling it so I took an emergency
number to stop in turn because I already
know that we decided to do a quick
little uh it stopped shining on now
we're going out to meet him because he
is certainly out at our car right now so
fondant begins now all man all word he's
here somewhere at the cars and lucky
might be inside the car I know I think I
know how to find them hey Cameron
anywhere anyone know okay you know what
no worked at the sound jack oh hey man
that was a strangest thing ever a guy
just drove up next election yeah
no I shut it off the guy drove up to us
and was like is it legal
we were like is what legal he's like a
sound and we were like what are you
talking about like is it legal film that
was a weirdest thing he was like is it
legal film random strangers and I was
like we're not filming random strangers
were filming ourselves he goes yeah but
is it legal to film in public I'm like
yeah
everyone everyone film then he just
looked at us and sped off like he was so
mad that was a strangest thing of my
life he might be in the backseat if you
got in the car so the doors are locked
what did you guys scheme something you
know where he is
we're getting pranked right now I know
it what the heck I'm outside with
painters person
come outside are you inside stuff what
the curtains were you coming near the
target engine no I mean anyways the door
Aaron yeah walk back up yeah so we are
and we just got like yelled at for
vlogging you just laugh and roll
practice what what why oh the jacket
okay man geez look at this what is that
dude how'd you get I went to sleep on
the planet I'll work out with that look
at my foot it doesn't have it earlier
dude you got a hickey from some sleeping
what vlog Bros jumped that broom to a
rush away they either Jacko is inside
subway right now I'm back there
somewhere and we're getting ready
Sebastian's over there freaking out and
I said we'll text him and we're leaving
to start rolling on the cameras because
it's across the street from the
apartment I just need to get to any skin
care if he has a really good reaction we
put so much effort always coming guard
and shut it off oh here we go
okay John goes in the building it is
time to scare him let's do this
you
oh yeah you like Uncle Jack hey yeah
uncle Jackie oh yeah you smell your
cousins Australian cousins you guys kind
of look alike
how bro we set your room up for you go
on to your bed it's all cushy and cue we
set it up you can't go in we set it up
there all right you ready good
how am I going what are you dumb your
Easter is this stuff an Easter look we
got you a gift
kitty
nah nah right that's not cool here you
are Brad outside the Aragon team oh I
cannot see no ue Oh bro my fault how
funny is that bro I didn't know it's not
oh my god that guy looks so cute now
just like crap like I wrapped myself I
couldn't even see it because I was
looking to the mask oh I don't know how
your reaction with dude I think on crust
moco we have cameras everywhere look at
it look at this look at this you ready
camera one turn it up Jack Crawley
gotcha
look at that you ready camera one camera
two camera three in its hand
what get over here a bit like the
ultimate price it up bro camera for
Heroes funny thing was like I literally
didn't do jack oh come here I have one
more thing for you put these on
happy Easter big boys alright so that is
a successful writer prank done my friend
high-five Wow maybe so that okay
everybody just high-five Iran everyone
you have to get that please who added me
literally and I can't do it you can't oh
yeah thank Sebastian I ain't Club it
Swilley are you talking about we don't
know who clogged the toilet
it was either brah guys Sebastian or
Zach alright guys we're gonna end the
vlog ready thanks for watching like and
subscribe peace out bro yeah and Gabriel
the bathroom and took it kunti
coffee always it had the car business
okay
