another day I'm not a law so today is a
busy day but it is a fun day because we
have my love that's always an amazing
thing to have but we also do blogs ago
you guys we just told like just hold me
to do slime Gabriel ash I get on Twitter
it's trim the tribe this shirt because
I'm like a swamp today I feel like I'm
pretty shiny - essentially a season one
with the my sweet because you guys are
very crazy yeah and basically oh my god
you're back yeah they send about me
Radha
but basically today's the day before the
Kids Choice Awards but they like
pre-sewn some of the signs are
impersonation but anyway they preach on
some of the slides and then show them
during the show or whatever so I seeing
fish slime that happens like the
influence okay the influence line I
think it's going to be a lot of show
colleges in America but I'm pretty sure
will be somewhat we really have no idea
you'll see it on social media
Jonas and stuff but uh yeah I'm this
stop slime that'll be one why a lot of
those just what he did the proposal so
yeah that's where we're headed now but
first copy so my lady is going through a
little bit of space
funding me I've haven't seen it like
ever thought the other day every time
I'll be like in the office and then
she'll yell out I like how do you guys
just come to my hands like I'm just
trying to play with you I'm just trying
to you know and I am be your mother you
don't know what you're doing he's donor
what it means get too young we haven't
given you the talk hopefully we don't
catch it on the market economy I think
he knows like the cameras on me to
behave and I mean like Uncle Joe welcome
here sometimes we made it Santa Monica
and the hotel oh we're saying it and
very beautiful very nice out that Santa
Monica's always like 10 degrees less
than where we live Tommy - hey - the
vlog the publicist is raised it's your
first time meeting Milan yeah so we are
we've been given over rooms that we will
be staying in the next two nights during
this Kids Choice Awards time yeah which
is fun um so right here is a tow what
what they they have dog toys from mom
it's a spongebob likes when I think no
way that we put on him
holy crap that is so great nickel Lady
Nickelodeon knows how to spoil us though
thanks Nickelodeon look at this view
though way one of you that's awesome
hey man it's only not building with me
we got tattoos tattoos Rugrats
tattoos yo jack - we got ninja turtle
beanies we got spongebob sweaters
hoodies you like it though we were just
given our slamming outfit I happy you
ready to go to spin class yeah so my
suspicion is my suspicion is that we're
all getting slimed all how many of us
are there there's like eight of us eight
eight okay good
we just got Intel adjust and confirmed
there are eight of us my suspicion is
that we're all getting slimed kind of
sad about it because I was like we
promoted it so much for me well I mean I
really didn't want to get slimed anyway
it was really you I guess she's not
happy about I'm glad that she's getting
fun if we all get slimed and my
suspicion is correct
during my phone in the pool and have
election how are you
but yeah if she gets slimed I'll be very
happy but then a part of me is like like
oh man I wanted to be the one only one
getting slimed but it doesn't matter
everyone getting fun it'll be fun it'll
all be fun it'll be good it's a cat it's
exciting
yo no but look at my pants right now
though they're like they're like the
middle school basketball shorts I used
to wear that like a lower below the knee
you'd go like a cooler it was this is
the area right look at the slime yo it
is lit though hey the block Bobby go
with that are you ready to get slimed in
it looks like we're all getting scary
you're so muddy be fun I was just told
that wait one person gets one on yes
like one passing it's time for TV wait
yet the winning on the winner gets one
don't even everyone else still gets not
we wait but find on TV is that like
tomorrow
so it's film now but it goes by educate
pays off so time grandpa gotcha
oh so one of us gets on TV no pressure
no pressure but we all do that's why I'm
critical so we found out the big slide
is we all hold one of the buckets and
they and now who the winner is and then
the perfect everyone gets to dump their
bucket on the winner and then we have it
on five done we have a farm right
afterwards so everyone's getting slides
with the salon fight and then one person
gets like actually legit slime yes I
went it's all your guy's fault so you
know
lift always look forward lower when you
want to walk forward to take your buck
you have a nice looking side if you have
you had in a minute and here I thought
it was fun to go to grips the person
being flying here Marian oh all right he
wasn't Elena I know man pardon me
disappointed but then a part of me is
like oh thank goodness we come we're
doing a fight anyway I haven't resigned
my everyone gets fined anyway yeah but
it's also close he was like shit very
English every night whatever emotional
person Oh
are we okay Robbie's Mariano yeah kind
of a part of me odd that one get a pond
and your kids
I thought you want
oh we're going to reset for a slug
before those words I was lying
apparently I was the runner-up so Alice
thank you guys for that that was so
bizarre
if sellin my head and I'll just in a
tunnel of green for this reason you know
yes there roll it up for it this is what
I call the slime dad I don't know what
your condo made getting slime thanks
Nickelodeon will always anyone we're all
cleaned up a few moments later we are
about to leave packed up because we're
staying at the hotel Milo that guy right
there staying with this gen-y guy the
babysitter
uncle bra guy already fulfilling his
duties step number one check stay the
night stay - night - oh nice so I got
upgraded he got upgraded he got the the
upgraded and his suite over here show
you real quick because we got a go what
is it you laugh at it it's so inspiring
it's pink
well thank you Jeff I thank you both for
your hospitality
you're welcome I really wanted to give
you the pink bed so that's why you know
either lomax hang on there the normal is
the emergency kit we have toothpaste cap
stick toothbrushes and especially for
you we got a few campaigns oh yes just
what I needed by mine oh my god leads
with my life wait I want to cuddle it at
you cuddles and Zoey home families very
good okay um he shot he knows look at
that face so what do you do something
like when you have the camera you just
do this yeah like if I'm talking you
have to be very like quickly if I'm
talking that's all
you're talking like that when I like
switch about yeah I'm really got to be
swift with it but oh by the way Brad
guys brothers ahead Ramon your name
Adrian we met like five minutes not five
minutes ago but yeah yeah okay
no crying he smells like me he's more
like you yeah duh dad dog smells pretty
bad
well alright I'm leaving good later guys
bye Milo let's see you soon ma I came
okay so we are off to it gettin out with
the kids choice people that we've been
hanging out with um six fun has a green
light so we're going to go it's been
really busy but we're very grateful this
little to be a buzz ya know it's been
it's been really cool so tired
Ross dinner now and afterwards we're
going to our buddy town walk said the
director of our music videos house to
look at like the first cut of it which
is really exciting we're stoked for that
yeah and somebody busy night and then we
wake up get ready for the kicks Choice
Awards tomorrow and it's going to be
great yeah I'm really good I was yeah we
got a busy few days I'm pushing through
yes well we were truly we're doing so we
love it oh look at the book now and we
hope you enjoyed watching us get slimed
that was so fun she's very different
brains are slowly like not functioning
we saw the live
from jet and Gabriel Collins me
