okay oh my gosh I got to put the camera
fine there we go good morning everybody
jess is currently getting ready in the
bedroom and my was currently climbing on
my shoulders mm life update our house is
a wreck as you can see on the iron.i
implements or like in acne is great
Milo's better mmm
so basically our house is a wreck weeks
way to see what I think on the last log
anyway but it's like so that and what
sucks about it right now
is that we've been so busy we like it's
not that you're like when you're so busy
that you don't even have time like you
get home it's a complete wreck all you
want to do is clean it and you have time
to clean it's the worst feeling in the
world but let me kind of show you what
we've been dealing with what our
apartment has been like for the past
week and now this room like this corners
okay I like we have a desk set up piano
and I just really like that was looking
halfway decent weed or haven't had
organized yet besides like that mr. and
mrs. Conte in the middle put them like
everything is just the printers on the
floor we don't have anywhere to put the
printer right now besides on that black
box the hallways clean and this bathroom
is pretty clean so not complaining about
that but this room whole this room is
just wreck look boxes I'm taking this
box down and then that big box over
there in the corner down taking it down
to the trash so that'll think things out
of it but this is just like Milo's crap
on the counter just it's everything's on
the table his grass patch thing in the
corner it's naki we don't even have a
couch we've just been shooting a music
it gotten substantially during the past
two days because we've just been
shooting our music videos and stuff like
that which you will see soon so
subscribe lug plug plug plug and
basically we leave to set in the morning
we've have to bring a whole bunch of
stuff with us pack food for Milo like
just bring a whole bunch of crap we have
to sometimes bring wardrobe options
which is this scenario right here then
we get back home so late we literally
just dump the stuff down feed Milo get
them to sleep down into bed
we don't gamble or sleep wake up the
next day do the same thing so this is a
good combination of the past two days of
just crap lying around but chess is over
here doing her makeup because the
lighting in this room the bed looks nice
though right it was I think it's not
made but it still looks like but yeah
that's that say to Milo just his vlog
another day another vlog a man another
Milo no no no I look Milo should just
trot away like a savage
you know mommies are but you need to eat
my friends hmm lunch I hope you were
just eating literally like raising child
what what
but you have to keep eating it a little
bit there you go babe
now during this time of the vlog I would
typically juju on that beef per usual
but we don't have time - dude you today
do you not GG today guys tell Jeff that
she looked amazing with international
curly hair yeah we kind of left the
house in the heart I didn't know if any
from blush we left the house in a hurry
this morning because we had a lot on
this morning and so I just left like
with wet hair I feel like I'm a bakery
but we just finished at the event my
mimetics news I think oh god bless you
be I'm allergic to cats guys and we're
in the pet room and I started sneezing
helicopters and I like that man he's
he's asleep he's lost that little crazy
psycho he loves it and he was like falls
asleep inside and like when you try to
get him out he crawls in the back and
the vet pen he was super healthy and my
plastic which I already do sorry yeah we
haven't had anything this morning to eat
drink how does that copy did my advice
kind of zombies we came up first colony
but first we went to the bed so I reeled
it but second come on fishy so we're
about to post today's vlog I went to get
a coffee and let just watch the vlog
before it's posted and everything like
that and I was editing with Milo on my
lap and then I gave my all over her so
she could watch it at Milo on her lap
and I can make a copy of stuff like that
and this is what is happening right now
I was watching this walk okay no I think
easy answer okay you want me to just
stand behind you okay and I'm gonna hide
right here
that's it oh we decide get my love that
is so funny when we're when we're doing
the part where he's sitting my luck sit
sit
oh good boy honestly he might have to be
closer to the pouch okay so pretty much
Gabe was on the phone with someone and I
was playing with my light in our bedroom
this was this is a little earlier um
before did he like it a couple hours ago
yes um all my Nana's hair all right I
say we were playing on the bed and then
my legs up to squat Nigeria does command
of his bun and then I pick him up he
stops now going on my hand and I run him
out to the fresh pack yeah that's
disgusting like you know that I love you
if I am holding creep in my hands
did you wash your hands oh yes and
sanitize anyway that's not was very
creep was like coming out on to my hand
and I ran him to scratch amazing and
when he finished the person so he nearly
picked out of it and I'll bet is like
white any poop stain would have been
lovely Shane Lee visible the thing is
like we have to keep an eye on him all
the time because he also proven pee in a
house so we always have him with us
right carrying them all the time so he
doesn't poop and pee and we'll put him
on the pad and when he's on like the
grass he'll poop compete right away he
knows to do that but he doesn't know if
he's like just running around the house
by himself he doesn't know to go to
though he hasn't fully went and yeah
yeah I feel like right before I went to
take him to pee put him on he pee right
away but he'll still just like pee
anywhere if he is by himself he doesn't
notice goes I thought you I think I gave
he's gone out right now he's running a
couple of errands but I was just someone
saying to him telling him what Miley was
doing and he was like wait please blog
that that it started when I'm sorry I'm
going to try basically we have a bunch
of mail that you guys have sent us and I
I like sat down so I can read them and
my like came over and was like jumping
all over them and like he would get one
put it in his mouth and then bring it
towards me it was so so cute I'm just
going to see if he does it so which one
did I read oh my gosh she's very
distracted which one should i anything
oh my
oh you scared me my heart is beating 6n1
your wife's Australian and she got that
Australian Spotify account and plays an
edge here and album before at at least
in the United States thank you very much
my mom because you love this right right
oh yeah hahahaha grab my actual top
second oh we got two o'clock things are
coming together new cloth look at that
that's pretty dope right don't want to
give it all the way but does it don't
big canvas and the living room is pretty
cool that we're gonna show you what it's
all done but your need to be in grevioux
right now and this is what it looks like
right now that in turn the music down I
can properly explain this whole canvas
in the dining room I can't build it
myself kind of rocking look like it
supposed to be a good canvas like it's
like so loose a little bit ratchet IKEA
telling you that right now but it worked
for its time that it worked and now we
have this masterpiece right then that is
a wedding it's cool cuz it's like very
large and almost like a small canvas or
something like that but like far away
picture but still house on the photos
like pretty lit palm bay kind of
ompletely during the day yeah and then
he gets cooking crazy at night
no no I didn't oh my gosh are you
kidding me no he did not
my hand is soaked Milo look at that I'm
freaking peed on the bed oh my gosh we
have it on at what look at this at what
point did you just pee on the bed oh my
goodness gracious
if actually got that I'm kissing pretty
funny though good vlog content a yeah
thanks Milo okay let me wash my like you
want the camera what do you not like me
well what does that mean I just realized
the peas are on line sleep Mikey legit I
don't how in the process of all that how
did he just pee on my arms we're in the
sequence of all of that that he just
squat when I are in peace oh my gosh
alright so I just tried to kiss Jess and
I like reached in and I went to reach in
with my leg the hand that has pee all
over I want to reach it with my left
hand I was like oh wait so I grabbed it
with my right hand I was like okay I
don't wonder okay I don't want to touch
you with my left hand FPL over it I went
to predict isn't she just started like I
didn't like cross my mind she just
started laughing she was like that is so
romantic
thank you you being so romantic people
kidding me having a dog is a lot of work
it is now bath time and ready
Milo ready oh boy oh no you want to get
out Oh Hollywood it's so funny the water
like his paws under the water or like
fluffy and they're like somewhat above
the water you should say can't wait till
we have kids yeah you can I love up
sitting around like man this is so hard
I'm just holding the camera by 50p we're
professional vloggers I wouldn't even
cost professional because you're far
from that being that we forgot to end
the last vlog and I'm sitting here I'm
literally sitting here finishing it up
the Edit and I realize we don't have an
outro so I'm sure I'm gonna have to wake
you up my love to go find mommy Good
Morning Sun she literally sits on my lap
a whole time what I'm like working on
the computer and stuff so just she'll
just sit there the whole entire time
just taken but we have to go out finish
the vlog you ready sir you want to be
part of this no I remember Sarah follow
her on Instagram her Instagram it
jeezow yeah wow I'm thinking too much
there's a dog there Sarah alright okay
peace out yeah and Gabriel in Milo congi
Sarah's not a contest he's a Ballard
alright well bye
