what is good guy so this is actually the
last clip we are shooting for this vlog
but we're putting this part at the
beginning then we're going to be back
here ending out the vlog so whatever it
is parts your ramp on this part is very
important there's three things you guys
need to know first off camera second off
the mass of that merchandise is back in
the store so Teresa always talk because
I got so I got sold out for a while but
if you guys didn't know its back so
we'll get it before it's all sold out
and up sure if you finish making me go
or what you want because I was really
sad when you guys between me that you
missed out so please feel at this time
Justin Gabriel calm stored there also
last thing that you want to say it okay
this weekend we're going to kids Torsen
woods and we have an attempt to get
slimed basically I would love love love
if you guys could tweet with the hashtag
slime at Gabriel a million times so you
can get slimed on stage difficut yeah
that would be that would just make my
day please Jake if you tweet over and
over it works right I think we're just
like create III end tag minutes like a
Mikan so let's start the vlog from
yesterday actually here you go today is
it go someone's excited it she's trying
to do the jumping things that thing I
think you guys do it again you got close
okay no oh way to go high five baby boom
okay so we are on our way to church
running a little late but you know what
else is new I think we run late to every
single thing that we go now that we have
miler it's like we have to make sure
he's rattled in the band and blah blah
it's my life yeah my love made our
schedule like I don't even know how to
describe it we can try to get ready for
something and it's well acting to them
but I have enough gas to get the church
it's very much like having a baby like
we wake him up we have to take him to
the patch of grass we have to give him
breakfast we have to like watch him and
make sure he's like behaving so that's
why it's Oscar and then also if we have
to get somewhere in the morning we have
to wake up early enough and have
enough time to play with him and get all
the energy out because he just freakin
hyper he may attack in the morning yes
you're excited in the morning because
obviously he doesn't sleep with us yeah
he's excited to see us in the money yeah
so excited to touch we're meeting and
Cody unlikely that he has an accuracy
hopefully officers who don't get aside
well we well regardless not sure is
grating likes you I cannot convert them
to all kind and we can say my fantasy oh
we have been on a tandem walk and not
another vlog but first sure two hours
later alright
waters on me alright water let's just
show the road slowly so or chicken you
gonna do that I'm serving size matters
so we just made a visit to a peer box
and opening some packages and we had big
feeders ones everyone into probably
confused we are about to meet up with
codeine Lexi I try to make a stop home
first to check on Milo I think we're
going to bring them when I start we
decided to check the fuel box on the way
back home and then we got a really cute
package and I know that we would sure so
Zack Zack Zack sent us he said I Justin
gave her congratulations on your wedding
and adopting Milo I know that Milo
Cantor and coffee but he still deserves
some Starbucks so here's a coffee Tori
for Milo hope he enjoys it
yeah we're going to go upstairs and give
this to his wife it's a star bar brunch
eros doggy decomp is so cute so Anna go
upstairs and give it to Milan and see if
he likes coffee so we got some cool
clothes from this company called
bluevine is like a christian-based
bait based clothing company and they're
not getting paid for any of the stuff I
don't want to like promoting stuff this
is just we really thought this was
really cool and like make his name
famous light up the dark bottoms that
you're loved
yeah cool thank you Sarah from glorify
and Thank You Zack for this system Bart
yeah inside
we have the toys and we have Milo your
copy
he wants the coffee and coffee
oh yeah we are about to pull up to
offside
and - fast ship to the side definitely
not his well someone's not excited just
literally Cody just said just got here
cody has never - sighs your husband 400
we are tainting out of it very started
like my heart refuse in my heart that's
like we kind of just grow up a little
bit all right we're here and I know it's
late I don't know what you look at these
guys oh the dog dude I think some
animals Milo
meet your uncle and on we do a complete
train oh yeah I finally he's gray with
strangers ah the love feel the love
you know your cousin Grover yet to me I
guess the yes'm me all right whoa all
right
did you just say I said don't be mad
yes yes I want to hear what co-teacher
said you'd be mad if I God not I knew
are you honking okay look I'll try lucky
throw like like dude this guy is
basically like a smoothie that God gave
us another all right all right hi peer
pressure is gone so give it a fair
pressure came to life and besides God
blessed the broken road that led me
astray to applied it oh that's a good
good bro he's still one with a freaking
smoothie but he decided to try it what's
your crush your I'm going to try
this on
and your life will be changed she
doesn't look like yours oh that's the
thing mine looks like heaven a little
bit is what heaven would look like you
know you love it I taste desert peanut
butter in there like you know but I like
the detail under this time out would you
take a bite of mine are you weird about
sharing sue no okay trial gods Dave hold
it all right
we just have to been shopping here
strawberries I'm giving you bananas get
on if you think of life as I get a
little scared and I can speak no you do
this in heaven in a not really in the
bottom with that are you ready
he loves it did I mention it in a path
vlog I said if anyone ever goes against
us I got Connie on it how amazing is
what I gotta say I like is more annoying
you I don't know what your condoms got
to get that super efficient go Instagram
husband my wife
oh my gosh the way you look Milo you
like that ass I was gonna say hi wait I
need to take a picture of ealing women
all got that Instagram oh my god hey by
the vlog no it's okay bro you can go is
a buddy like you thank you oh you guys
look angelic the light is shining off
your car
Milo you ready to go home yeah babe I
haven't you Jude on that beat yes I
think you can I know a song he name is
he can see daddy at the same eyelid this
is something that daddy likes to do I
don't have its own I don't have a song
Regis air you decide we decide a site
and he thinks it sing you know real song
hmm I real song yet
yeah yeah that was a coldest juju on us
really yeah what what song did you do
yeah you'll have to very high my low bun
shoes hello precious
boy you matches with my sweater all
right no way I never knew I could love a
dog so much it's so weird
yes I said Doug Paxson now and I'm a
Mylo person I'm a viola for the guy man
you are you go become you done so I've
been editing this whole time in main
Channel video check it out it's lit I
don't want no one your contact with
Braga so funny
anyway I love promo for myself subscribe
like goodbye
Jeff lost recursion let's talk about my
sister let me call her on snapchat
follow on snapchat
funny face that cuts off your nose makes
you must really think follower on
snapchat blood plug plugs you want to
follow me on snapchat so you can turn a
blood plug plug anyway and I'm self
promo here basically I'll be looking for
my dress all day today and I didn't know
where it was I looked all in the house I
was all through the car I was on my
goodness I've actually looked my pet
yeah very uh kind of surreal moment
where we were like wow she lost her ID
and I have murdered anyway I was kind of
freaking out and then I asked her I was
like babe what was the last place you
had it and she was like party without my
phone call target was on hold for a
little bit but they have it someone may
be a target employee was so kind of
turned it in so he not remember putting
it down at all but we did take my lawyer
which is probably a little distracting
so I may have put it down somewhere
anyway coffee soon I'm going to run to
target she's in the film a main Channel
video for her and I'm going to go run to
Target to get the stuff I'm going to
pick up a few things that we need and
yeah sign in when we're back day - Oh
what time is it I'm making a high school
musical references what time is it it is
the next day Milo was a lot to handle
last night and this morning so we didn't
actually draw anything after I left to
the store but it is the next day Milo
decided last night that he wanted to Wow
guys he floated in legit exploded the
whole thing with silica gel and getting
out of it when I was taking all of it
out down dresses all in the crate like
all in the crate so it was a rough
morning and we had to spend the first
like what Alan half two hours cleaning
out the crate cleaning him we had to
give him another bath and stuff like
that because he was just full of food
Milo like he's so freaking cute but he's
just a little rascal sometimes jess is
currently on a phone interview in the
bedroom so I'm going to show you guys a
few of the things that I've taught my
love my love he always hides under the
table know what else he does so I could
peel miss new rug is what it likes to do
which is not cool I think he's getting
used to it though because today he's
gone over to the patch and peed on by
himself several times about
of - sit stay stay good boy good boy
flick it Kyle you did great on the
interview I could hear you from out here
beautiful
two thousand years later
one utility later
greater and how do you have it sitting
there for a long and we're back in the
okay whoops and we're back in the car at
the end of the vlog thank you guys so
much for watching hope you enjoyed it
peace and gabriel conte
