Wow oh my gosh okay what do we have here
what are you playing all right what is
that you're wearing right now are you
joking oh I don't know oh my gosh what
am I wearing what is all that stuff
sitting on the table is that David what
what's going on what's going on Jack oh
yeah you're not wearing it and you're
not wearing the right shirt
oh are you joking Khan team down the
sleeve world wide world what dude you
gotta start your race okay you know my
net I'm not a day.another
so right now we're just starting this
vlog off by announcing that right now at
content clothing calm we just drop and
we have the new like website - it's not
Justin Gabriel comps I shop anymore
we're making the clothing line official
the business is official it's lit and
its content clothing calm we're super
excited about that we just drop a bunch
of stuff we brought we drop new hoodies
new long sleeves with the Jewish the
jack is wearing and is currently stuck
on hanging around we have the new
t-shirts you saw mine underneath this
one is one of the all-time faves it's
like a peachy pink kind of thing we have
this shirt and then we have Jack oh your
shirt it's still in the flow you want
any more Guppies now we have the girl
tanks yeah these are very very adorable
and aesthetic ladies so a piece from
Conte and clothing girls and it goes
really well with this summery skirt and
maybe even some short shorts or you can
even wear a jacket over the top we have
a few more things in here the merch
closet welcome so official
yeah we got the the tags worldwide tags
on the hoodies also also guys putting
back two products from our previous lash
sales back on the website you know the
day crop tops and the another day
hoodies they're going back gonna be live
on the website so make sure to grab
those while you can too because those
are actually limited quantities so like
I said before get it at cotton clothing
calm and
with the rest of the blog Jacko would
you like me to kick your button
mariokart real quick oh that would never
happen cuz I'm a maestro on the bike now
I'm a stroke you mean maestro oh you
want to play 200 this is lit jess is
playing - milo you want to play - I
don't think God's mad glasses if you're
not wearing them they're hard to find
Khan team first place in second place
it's cold you don't three red team dang
it Jake Oh
11 that wasn't last OH pretty much Oh
guys I got 1st on every course just want
to let you all know I haven't lost my
touch but we guys the Khan team doesn't
lose however I will go on the record and
say that at real mini golfing Jacko beat
me last night and I wasn't happy about
it
and didn't we go just one hour later all
right we're trying to figure out what to
do for the blog and my life doesn't
revolve around vlogging I can subscribe
guys two hours later we decide we
decided stop throwing crap at me so we
decide we decided to be really funny of
jackal and I spent the day handcuffed so
we're going to go buy some handcuffs
somewhere then jackal and I are gonna
literally spend the day handcuffed it's
a horrible ending right - coffee this
morning I'm definitely on an A - that's
a mumbled we need handcuffs quick that's
vlog content if I've ever heard of it
that would be the funniest thing it's
like we both have two people at the same
time and you're sitting there on the
toilet and I have to go in the sink oh
my gosh dude that is such a ok let's go
we're buying handcuffs right now I've
made the executive decision Oh Lottie
let's get the show on the road shall we
we are off to find the boys
handcuffs yes we were going to a costume
shops a Halloween place don't know why
they're open all year but we're gonna
pair of handcuffs there get some
handcuffs like embrace these moments of
being free okay right now Jack I'll fly
fly away this contine hoodie has never
felt better
look at my wrists right now cuz you
won't say the same nope all right you
ready
Jagga oh that hit me right in the face
I'm not gonna be able to cuddle you
first yes you are you're just gonna have
to cuddle with Jacko too right you just
got handcuffs we found him you guys
become such a little kid
okay boys let's go what is Thank You peg
glosses do you think it's real
no Hypnotizer doesn't know what may be
totally messed up that is a lamb back
okay we're leaving now the original plan
was to get handcuffed
we're being responsible adult said we
were gonna get Hancock Josh Drive
however she doesn't have her license
right now and we're definitely not gonna
drive with me only having one hand
because that is very reckless and
irresponsible and you know do it for the
vlog that is not the extent that we want
to go to going to be attached that is
very true you know these are like real
these are like the fluffy ones let's go
see you guys very soon when we're
handcuffed we are back home and it is
the moment of truth are you excited for
this yes do it it's gonna be the best
thing best friends and we're gonna be
stuck together forever all right that's
good
oh gosh we I'm handcuffed oh oh my gosh
it's done it's official we're done well
first these I need to talk to you
actually
oh my gosh yeah cuz in your bathroom I
bet pie while you brush you know that's
a really good idea through this trip
actual thing here so we go like that so
you can see yeah we have jacquard
brushing his teeth and this is very
nerve-wracking for me we did it
guys I think we're making history right
here on YouTube
would you say so this is has that
anything has this been a thing before
talking about being handcuffed and
peeing and brushing your teeth
no probably not I'm pretty sure that's
the first are you gonna have to go with
me on my what I'm naming so that's why
you're here it looks like I'm shut the
door is what I was talking about guys
when you're at this angle and Jaco turns
his head to the left to not look at you
he's looking at me it wasn't working
right boys what are you doing I'm not a
part of clean here because this is what
he does he stays here and just hummock
baggage I've never claimed I just
haven't found a partner's yet look at
them both handcuffed and texting I'm
trying to do business right now guys we
decided that we should play from the
game of Mario Kart you're starting the
race now this is going to be a little
difficult okay this isn't that hard
actually
okay not that bad oh okay wait bro stop
dude you're knocking me off the course
bro I'm in fifth now Thank You Jocko six
now Gabe is currently first Jaco is very
usual Wow jacquard came fast yes
we're not now watch me whip watch me
mimic I hate losing and Mario parts
decay that sort of I just said it's
definitely very much dude can you maybe
why are you on the floor
alright because I'm you know Amy doesn't
clean nothing wrong when does it last
time you made your bed I just made the
bed for you hey I'm making your bed for
you it's fine just piss looks very nice
good job guys secret visas this is the
worst job yeah
take another all right babe come on get
in here get in here guys remember to get
the clothing at contine clothing calm
it's frequently and its worldwide baby
nothing like not just America like the
whole and not just Australia everywhere
the whole thing I kind of have to pee
again
not like this video if you enjoyed it if
you enjoyed us being subscribe if you
are not part of the best team on the
Internet the cunt Amy P sad
and Gabriel jacket together we are one
we are one we are man I have to pee
let's go bye guys waiting for me we were
just kidding we fell
