another day another la so today is a
special day obviously if you can summon
thumbnail me yeah thank you exciting me
very exciting news um you wanna you want
to say it let's just not beat around the
bush here and cut straight to the chase
hmm everyone needs me my life Conte I
think I know the people so there's no
rules here I think I was pretty much
psyche although accidents do happen so
who knows maybe she's okay I'm nothing
like yes we have had a little baby boy
yes and his name is Milo we just got him
today and we thought we should walk in
and we thought we'd prank you guys a
little bit kind of throw a little
curveball as yes ha ha ah Johnny so
freakin precious look look at this face
he has like a beautiful face not even
not even lying to you look at that
beauty look at that beautiful look at
those beautiful faces I hate it you're
never scared I'm sorry did I yell he's
really scared by the camera yeah your
little camera shy don't worry you're
going to be youtuber one day did you
know that this is your YouTube debut you
love your mom well your mama loves you
and your daddy loves you you know why
cuz I'm your dad in my life my home no
try getting used to it min so if you
respond to my Allah we've been watching
a few dog training videos online well oh
okay boy you just almond tree yeah oh
yeah you love great getting into the
crate we know a thing or two we watched
a few YouTube videos to say the least
oh good I have the cutest face in the
whole entire world Milo Milo my
boyfriend I can you home yeah I'm your
dad and that's your mom she is the most
beautiful one of all but you're so
really cute though
okay down what is all right
mmm you love me Oh his face I'd be the
cutest dog face I've ever seen really so
he woke up but look you can either play
the drums back in the day oh yeah so
much energy yeah I'll just sure anything
will walk away oh there he comes
yeah oh you look precious okay you have
to stay here with mommy because I'm
going to go get you some food
all right so you stay here on the area
where there's no couch anymore because
we're pretty decorating remaining
selling furniture because we're
redecorating and thank you for doing
that account where you have a lot of
things right now thank you for waiting
put on new furnitures if you can live it
so right now our house is like hop and
be half empty but we're working on got
the walls painted white if you didn't
notice and now those are white on my
cloud the walls are pretty ugly before
I'll show you the bedroom real quick the
color palette I had for the apartment
when I was a bachelor was black gray and
white just took the black turn that into
pink so now let me show you basically
what we're working with here show
there's not that light in here but this
is kind of this is what the bed looks
like now in the bedroom yeah it's still
pretty empty there's still stuff to go
we don't have a place to put the TV but
this is the vibe we're gone for you see
it's like the wood it's rustic I don't
even know Jess can explain it to you
better but I'm gonna go get the food for
the dog and we'll be back I'll be back
well we'll be back make them BRB
like that we've been doing this Marlowe
yeah yeah oh yeah actually I do need to
go I do need to go need a kiss from both
you guys mmm mmm that's the one and we
out when your family's lit I don't want
oh ma up let's go all right so I just
got back I'm in the parking garage got
the can sue and campaign shushing from
canned food I got I got the canned food
that I needed to get and it dawned on me
that leaving running errands and coming
back this will be the first time coming
back where I'm coming back to my family
now I know all of you guys can like
start throwing up now sort of vomiting
and stuff like that well I smell that
means a lot to me and I thought why not
document it on the vlog so that's what
we're going to do we're going to go
inside just have your barf bags ready
everybody because it's going to be a
really gross moment how's my beautiful
family is you really sleeping you know
there's the first time I get to come
home and say hi to my whole entire
family we ran around the house did you
are you playing with them and then EP
you peed in the house yeah no see we
have a little patch of grass out there
howl it is that so it's like a real
grass we have out there for himself
learn to poop and pee on so when K when
I practice him in the crate again
because we want him to be able to sleep
in the crate without crying and stuff
and so I said humanely crate and I gave
him a treat and then I looked it and I
walked away and I did that twice and he
didn't cry but like when I came right
back around the corner he was staring at
me like what are you coming - yeah and
then I would sit with him a couple times
as well and he was so good I've watched
youtube videos on this guy's I'm a
professional dog trainer see sick day
say oh good
successful day day by 5:00 boom look at
my beautiful life cooking dinner look at
our cooking dinner over that see I would
totally cook dinner but I the skill
level for me of cooking dinner is like
on a scale of one to ten to zero for
sure where Jeff is a freakin crawl few
fun things are happening right babe bang
you know what they are
yes first bra guys on his way over to
target wrecking cool thing is that Lee
that's why guys meeting the dog hi guys
meeting my look a menacing guy guys
gonna try hi-yah which is pretty good
it's funny any exciting thing that
happens in the vlog other than my low is
about Braga right and you are Milo is
uncle Brad guy that's your fairy
godmother
mmm that's your fairy godmother my
little man freakin cute right so cute
oh my gosh he peed on the patch ya did
oh yes I don't understand he says I just
met you this bitch is crazy
well guys asleep she's kind of coming
into the green rock and look at how cute
you are with Milo all because of my low
other one you were just come oh you
would not go oh yeah alright next any
other friend to get out and get out
right now
Braca why don't you save the best for
last and put into the raw Cameron
but uh Jessica hogfish yeah because I'm
number one yeah I'm a favorite though
thumbs up describe yeah alright let you
send it now and Brian thanks for
watching like and subscribe and still
that's that yeah we're going to none
ready
peace out okay tomorrow party job from
Jeff and Gabriel and Brian I love bone
this is a Twitter again you know my
breath has a wow do you even find me I
might hand up that often times thanks I
appreciate
