another day nah man I don't know me I
don't know door
I don't know me I don't know what y'all
today is a good day because we're back
in LA in Los Angeles my guys coming
Ireland on his way we are going to play
place we're going to play a prank on
Briah
all this trash that we have there from
my packages that we ordered him stuff on
oh this shirt actually it's from Daniel
Taylor and we met him movie world in
Australia and he like started a
everything line so he sent me some stuff
really dope stuff I thank you Daniel for
sending me this stuff so yeah he sent me
some clothing with bug who put those out
Christ sent me some clothing some
closing did you send me some clothing
which is awesome so thank you Daniel
you're the man you are I don't know
maybe just exactly the one the one you
don't need a gun you can but this is
another gift that we got from highly
that we just got on the peel box and we
had to show this one because it is just
like this is freaking sick Jeff and
Gabriel blanket thing how sick is that
and it has like our wedding photos that
has engagement photos at the bottom is
really very cuddly Thank You Karma oh
wait a phone is vibrating by guy hello
oh yeah just a target all right I'll let
you in time for free oh my god let it
come in I know in Reverse whispering
he's on his way up
howdy yes it's all going to think that I
trust Karen a lot I'm probably going to
think I want trucks carrying a different
kind of practice called
the rubbish prank but it's not going to
be a rubbish praying if you did there's
rubbish Mike ain't no rubbish
see what I did there for Billy had to be
Australian the ant rush really proud
I you know he's going to ring the
doorbell that tiny night practice you
can do this with a doorbell
that's what he does about it everybody
patience is a virtue we we could see him
walking past the elevator if we went and
looked in the off dude god you're here
Katie you didn't actually need to take
it here I'll take this one I'll take
this one for you look at that
thanks bro it's a good one foot
welcoming back you think oh no I have no
shortage of surprises there yeah hurry
yo are you the one the one oh my god I
don't want nobody yo cup bowl lit bye
bye guys bye guys since you are going to
be when we get a dog remember how we
said you're going to be the godmother no
be awful thank you we thought you should
wear a pink ones from our product line
do you like this grey you like the dress
you want to Greg come on no matter
colors in three two one why oh dude
swag bro I don't know what it's a lid
I've never won a onesie all time we just
took your onesie virginity okay you're
getting raped the one thing here one two
five five signa hi oh I thought you were
going to say lick yeah well the candles
are also with so get them Putin okay
well I'm not going to fuck you want to
propose yeah oMG Wow I see how it is
Brian you just wear it for the vlog and
you take it off
the first very comfy comfy and
convenient and has the PISA / it has a
pooper zipper so you don't you actually
don't have to take the ones we off to
use the restroom ever ever today the
great painful time did I'm so excited
first side we haven't had to end up like
a week off on so how was the bathroom
rough are using dish soap to wash it
doesn't work yeah well you know you win
some you lose some
there we go you have to watch you do on
the beat big think of a song now I mean
look he's teaching bragging how to
cheese yet I didn't it was anything hey
I just met you and this is crazy so go
and maybe I couldn't you work it yes bye
guys yes the funniest day of my life
singing call me maybe
look okay so we are about to Creek at a
time and I just like in the car real
quick
hi guy alright but we're just watching
this video of this boy Diego you're
going reacting to our eating which is so
sweet I'm - a cool I just like doesn't
know what to say hey guys
don't bother about it
that's release we're going to keep
watching your and you'll have to say
about that what so cool what game you're
going to sign off on suffice for people
so we do have bananas in it you can take
a banana fanna guys life hack very
resize yet honey on your aside it takes
it from your time with your honey hmm
kind of good quality hi no squad squad
yo what's good squad
Justin Gabriel product get better look
Oh are we gonna go you want to go I
can't do it just go go in there
vandalize break things and take things
and then am I gonna get left looking at
left in your eyes I would be on tinder
we're trying to find bride I a lady
friend so any of you ladies watching on
let me know if it's Brian you know what
to do all of them on Instagram I bleep
ugh what's your internal one oh it's um
it's gonna be bleeped yeah I've been
down this road before
what is that song always gonna be no no
it's uh you pick up well god bless the
broken vow how does that relate to t
know cuz I said I've been down this road
ah the broken road drag I just told us
what is it it's big as Ikey and all of
America oh my god oh my god
nothing and leave it alone no I don't
plan on buying it just I don't need a
walk through furniture our number of new
ragga furniture couch or like a new
table or 50 no mention of that no no we
don't need a table or a coffee table
like a desk and no new pillows throw rug
he's been bragging yeah we don't need
any of that 2000 years later oh my god
oh my god finally made it out of that
never-ending maze called
itea like I tired not with fun is a
target we are in the newly decorated
just this couch is nearly decorated with
the pillows and throw saying what we are
in the newly decorated office room for
for the vlog this no we're filming a
main channel city well technically this
is this is a vlog but that what we're
about to do is in the blog because I'm
the only one who knows what's going on
this what's going on okay we are filming
main Channel video for me and who better
to choose in this guy right here we have
just writing out some stuff for us no
pressure just no pressure better be good
I can't post this video for some fun
anyway so if some of this video is going
to be great fine back in once we're done
with it
hello I saw this I saw the camera open I
saw the camera open a new helmet oh you
can't scare the king of Merit not yet
rushman you can't hold me down oh this
is a nation do you know happy wife happy
life
it's my mom a patent bride guy happy
Wi-Fi Wi-Fi
that's right Ron what kind of commence
Brides start a blog channel is this time
to shine who's going to be brought back
for the blog remember how do you this is
heavier is a shoulder workout up up
right there yeah my wife shoulders so
much one that is America so then do you
like just look in the camera
I've got to check up here a few times to
make sure it's focus and stuff I a
considered regular huh alright so my
day's been great I went out this morning
yeah we're preparing to be open there we
go coz open today I know it is kind of
the eliminated yeah so good we're all
that was the funniest thing that was a
funniest thing I've ever experienced you
walked up close to the picture okay Jess
you're the girlfriend
I'm Drive holding the vlog camera this
is the door right there how can say we
are at the garage floor we're not like
the first one other person getting in
the ladies it is right as is wanting to
do it open showing your girl I wish the
camera had like a camera on the back
side you can see that it just went right
up to the did you almost imagine the
face of this thing okay yeah dude you're
so but you're so into vlogging drone Oh
brag I had a safe to say that your first
attempt at vlogging fail was I think
that no that was an absolute failure I'm
sorry
you do this you'll get better you wanted
people in the face of it you won't
embarrass yourself walking out on the
wrong floor stuff like that you'll be
going to have to multitask you know you
have to listen to the elevator and then
hold the camera and then look at
yourselves here looking at yourself as
the hardest part we're here about a get
dinner you'll log back into the blog
after dinner
oh right but the fire is so delightful
let us know let us know everybody tried
there you go that is awesome but I got
make a joke what are the sexiest animals
Gabriel eject two sexiest animals on a
fire that's a riddle I love a good
riddle
this isn't a regular descend upon the
river what are the two sexiest animals
on a farm wait is it a horse I feel like
it because when a horse walks it like
knew just but until like look there's a
horse looks hello
that is a sexy tail doesn't bargain in
the contract are they actually animals
your brother you look like an angel
right now left back like behind you oh
my god Brad guy how are you single bro
oh man ladies help a brother out
okay the sexiest animal not fun ah
chicken no a duck and a gate frontal
effort rub using a Branca I'm Chicken
Little Bird Count
Cinco brown sugar brown cow thank you
for watching like and subscribe and
stuff if you haven't checked out our
product stuff go find a Justin Gabriel
calm very comfy good stuff also if you
want to listen to the album that we just
released like a week and a half ago or
something like that or download it on
iTunes or stream on Spotify Lisa yeah we
uh uh excuse me sir
okay sure that'd be sad yeah and Gabriel
Kanzi and Braga yeah so cool
