oh good morning even though it's like
already 11 o'clock
not a lot of jet lag because that would
be what would that be 8 o'clock in LA
jet lag is a litt we have a dilemma
right now jess is deciding whether or
not to mark at or cap you guys decide
leave a comment in the description even
though this vlog will be done by the
timing this day will be done by the time
you see the vlog so I won't even matter
but let us know I have no idea what
they're telling me to 1 because you look
so pretty without a hat anyway in second
if you lose that hat and apart I'll be
very disappointed because of my favorite
but yo look at the view of this building
no but there's a really cool river there
some things like a river I guess and
it's very blue my life like it the bay
where we off to today Dean seems my
island isn't joking we'll do that again
we'll do that one but babe where we off
to today we're off the island ah
adventure but first copy I know I know
up to coffee we go oh so we said that
first possible rely on first perfect and
we got wind that the Starbucks that we
want to go to the coffee is the moral
and the largest Starbucks so I'm be very
disappointed if it's not actually that
pitch Oh lit let's go that way
heigh-ho heigh-ho off to islands
adventure we got islands of adventure we
go
you like the duck it's leaving it like
it like takes me you know what else is
cute your face see I would make this
joke but you're Australian
hi honey she knows I mean what did you
Patti it's a commercial Australians not
knowing a classic American commercials
man oh look at this yeah sounds
adventure Tower hard rock is probably
the city walk over here are you excited
I mean that was a little weird those a
little creepy baby look this is he is it
hey you excited why is this picture at
Oh have you oh we made it
ready pretty big got like ginormous I
was definitely expecting a lot more
expected to be like two story hits big
it's a joke to it and all the types of
out coffee and can't deal with it baby
can't you anything it's not all a
Floridian with a cold outside and as a
Floridian I'm going to say it's cold
outside right now that's all it's 73
degrees call the whole the freakin hall
it suits you oh yeah
Lynch babe we are going on this so hard
look at that oh my gosh
growing up coming here as like a kid I
would go on that ride you finish the
ride get back in line
it's right over and over and over and
over how you saw spider-man or favorite
superhero riders over there
it slid it is lit like the Harry Potter
one in LA this is basically Gabriel
Casas reviews on how to do steam Clark
okay if they have a net in case you fall
out really good
the football
yeah babe we are riding it maybe we
should do all the few other warm-up ride
first
you're not doing mmm I can't stand that
kind of oh my god so I'm filming halfway
through that that uh you need glasses
keeping obviously the camera doesn't
have glasses Universal one Gabriel here
about a gold Apple the crazy ones we're
not allowed to take anything on we have
to use a walker how disappointing
because you don't get the blog footage
but whatever you got a bit rules right
and I will see after oh my gosh what
just happened I think my headed what's
around my brain inside my head it's
awful isn't the can't even walk properly
Phibes body what is just hominid line I
was in rapid leave that one alone for a
while Harry Potter
there's two roller coasters ed I'll have
to do it they used to be called drooling
dragon but then they added that Harry
Potter world when they built the Harry
Potter world and now it's some other
dragon me I think I don't know what it's
called now but it's going to be that
it's going to be I don't know what
you're doing this for you and getting
one of those supplements and watching
these other people using like a ram the
ball is increment like so down seems
like a very point let's just fantasy
prodigy pork it goes in like this and
business needs about
so um babe last one
no way what do I win
we got a minion babe well I wonder
three-year we don't have a dog yet would
you have a minion I'm so proud of it up
with yeah really proud or tons of charm
what's his name the name is great loving
I guess that's the same as name is at
all I love honestly can't believe I made
them I like white and I was like no
it'll be funny blog that you're missing
on Thursday
you're my better happening you win we're
going to Harry Potter's wealth lands
well babe I think I'm addicted to
dreaming
she's making boomerangs of the splash
zone we both it on a last laughing so so
uh-oh what I was going to say is go
follow us on Instagram because I came
and let's let's let oh there's Harry
Potter world I mean dang she wanted to
take a gold couple photo I think this is
the spot look at it this one looks so
much cooler than the one in AH in LA I
mean want to know it's pretty sick but
this is dope we just did this to roller
coasters doing dragon thing oh my gosh
that's doing dragons anymore it's called
dragon challenge I miss laws if you like
you to run the blue one you just did
both couldn't bring it on again and oh
my gosh I think my brain is broken have
you recuperated well no I feel weird
we're going to go fine to the thing no
more big ride trucks because like I'm
sorry integrate
yeah I think I might throw up on in a
second
all right I'm going to shuffle the
artist shot of the pizza Hammond what
the pizza
no cooking you Stephanie what is it ah
there we go it is what it is so Jeff and
I are thinking about getting matching
tattoos
thank god they're real baby make it like
you're riding one this is like face Oh
mom well no look we got ones that are
like I don't know what like language of
things but something like that so it
looks kind of Oh Helen could get a lot
butterfly tramp we can get the dog full
oh I think that's a tiger paw you're
getting fake tattoos guys
ah goals it is one of those moments that
you probably wouldn't you in real life
but since we have a flaw camera when you
go Florida I feel like I would be like
babe whatever listen can they go to the
next ride okay but this one in my head
is one of those moments why did I get a
fake tattoo and then I'm like let's do
it for the vlog like that's my deciding
factor on something sometimes life is so
windy how does it feel getting your
first tattoo bitch
oh my gosh big there's no turning back
that's going to be their forever home
five things which one is the one that so
sexy Dave I got to represent you what
are you getting please block
a secular love it and can not believe we
got that one we officially get on
matching patties were not matches but
they like they're similar
it's called sexy love I got love he
literally got the one that was too sexy
there's a time and place to represent
that was a time in putting you represent
what sexy community I don't know I know
you are dedicating it to me me because
you're sexy one of us had to get it
what's up is I came in no know what I
think my butterbeer what do you what do
you think about me Thanks oh just read
it that John man that is really funny
I'm at home normally there's like TMI
joy we're going to do it in LA I'm not
home normally I like I'll have to get
down from that guy you never in my phone
I'm drinking the coffee over that and
I'll bring like in the Nigerian I cereal
bring it just because it's like you know
I'm go to the office for a bit catch up
on some more so never take itself is
usually pretty long 20 minutes no I'm
not very polite because I'm getting
stuff done and being productive Alma
it's not just like I'm sitting there
hoping for fine okay anyway I'd like me
I really got to take a dump right now
it's just the weirdest thing I've ever
said in the blog and ever I'm like
telling them my poop cycle right so I
might be another consultant she goes oh
the air drop me all the photos that you
took of me earlier so I can edit them
all and I'm like babe I'm going to be in
a now I'm gonna be super quick like
you're not going to have time to edit
photos qlf oh really you think the long
term
no I don't wander or I'll go in and out
go fast time two minutes 47 seconds not
even three minutes guys right thank you
thank you I'm glad that you're proud of
me for taking it with them by far the
weirdest thing I ever saw in the law but
like it's funny I guess I don't know
that's the part and now we are taking a
little ferryboat ride back to the hotel
I mean what is it going to be this
skinny huh
it's going to be lit you know better I
trained you in this in a way the vlog
doctor wants to come through it a
thousand times
what is it
all right so we got back in a hotel and
I passed out
let me tell ya I'm speaking for a while
right you set foot on my Chanel and now
it is dark outside as you can tell and
we just had a business call who my brain
is been working I think the roller
coaster is messed up my head oh we're
going to edit the rest of the night
which is let me grab some dinner
who knows oh so she showed the vlog you
see my face you know time man hey thank
you so much for watching remember to
like and subscribe and stuff plug plug
plug Heat okay Pisa from jet and gabriel
conte and say time america burp oh very
good
mmm amazing
