so I'm here by myself at the other get
it just kidding anyways guys we paid
seven bucks for this crap two of these
waters for seven like I got it's a big
bottle but my two dollars might be okay
seven are you kidding me thanks Obama
oh wait no he's not president thanks
Trump but yeah we are a tea animal
kingdom it is to me a what is it going
to be a good day
Wow okay but yeah we both kind of woke
up late again her usual because Jeff
well what was the kind of scent it's so
early that my mind isn't even working
right me game coming oh yeah we got
ready and then we're like ready to go
and we leave and we're at the park and
we're like wait we still have to eat and
I thought the drinking coffee
but I don't think that mind is I
connecting John yet you know we need
some feel Matthew I mean a much much
coffee
nice much Consing much much I'm probably
going to inhale like a whole pint of
coffee - coffee okay I'm going to just
now we have to get inside
Oh
Oh Oh
boom
Oh
Oh random while we're trying to find Rob
in this park because we have no idea
what we're doing dish Jess got one
through yesterday actually but this was
gifted to us I a dude at united world
soccer in downtown disney and he was
like he's awesome was like yo if you go
to the soccer shop he like knew who we
were and he was like you go to talk shop
I'll give you some stuff they gave me
this which is lit and he gave just one
that she's not wearing but yeah shout
out the Trevor if you go United for
soccer
he goes oh hey Trevor and go say hi
yourself but yeah yeah Thank You Trevor
this is dope I just realized that the
more I vlog stuff the more I realize how
much of an awkward person actually
another's ducts over there maybe I'm a
little bit of an awkward person
oh that oh close I got this child's book
Oh
what damn town fish we found coffee I've
never been happier in my life except
that I married you
let's do it for the view again they see
that little guy up there just goes they
got a hunk of Nursing oh that's a winner
guys we're about seeing gorillas it's
going to be lit it's gonna be lit babe
what is it going to be exciting Oh cold
my gosh what is that like having Abraham
Dirac was the Kevin I think we're
looking at Simon I have no idea what
that was a yellow-backed you to what
realization did you just happen because
watch and they just cook like they
probably go to the gym that's my theory
didn't expect all the times you'll let
hit that's people at the freaking
hippopotamus is so far away no but that
is so that hippopotamus did not come
close to us at all went up to the glass
and it went away we were waiting for
like 20 to 30 min and I was like what is
this was eating his poop well we're
going back we're going back around a
second time to see if the hippo wants to
hang out his last time he was not about
it at all
Lee let me have that it was Lee oh my
god we call ahead well that was lit
actually look so dull I was like Oh
tickle Proximus on the biggest frog I've
ever seen it just loves frogs so much
and they look what's in my hand are you
mad at me
did it Rick I'm sorry babe I love you
you love me yeah the one line for the
safari and we ended up getting pretzel
but if you look just ate the ear but
it's a Mickey Mouse restaurant
Mike
- America but no there was a rubato
gonna Safari that's going to have like
what is it going to suffice tigers bears
oh my
it's going to be lit fatally but the
wait time is one else where we got
French quali waves lions and tigers and
bears Oh mom
that was so much fun oh giraffe they
were like this far away from my face I
was going that overnight
yeah I'm legit wanting to stop I gotta
go okay animals are second love it on
their dress what is it it is real it is
what it was since the head of the vlog I
didn't name full good Dean Alessa nice
to meet you guys wait what old dad at
the same time already three two one I
don't wanna know what your car don't
need that doesn't get my back oh we just
got off of Everest which was so dope
like that was such a fun ride you go
backwards and it stops and you go
backward flip Aldo yeah we just did that
this is your animal kingdom recommend
let's go through the Patrick to meet Kim
your hand Oh are we in the future be
continued to hold onto the silver Henry
what I was going to say was here at
Magic Kingdom all the other party Park
right in front walk in Magic Kingdom and
make you ride the monetarist over the
magic doors look I'm using the force not
working
are you jet
yeah was a the vlog him look what's
right in front of us see Mike's bigger
than the one in LA oh yeah tricking few
legitimate Oh Castle I forgot how big it
was I haven't been here since I was four
I had this craving my friend to come
here in live in Florida they have like
annual has to come here literally every
few months
when you try to be goals and take
pictures with your Mickey Mouse ice
cream and post them on Instagram is
Instagram goal so you have follow up all
up on Instagram blood plug looks good
I know what you're thinking Gabriel how
is your ice cream watching I did my
inhale blossom Prince is the second IRA
how far I got
and just hostel open so we just met the
nicest group of fans I don't like
calling some but really viewers follower
DeSean was like hey gets put on TV today
I found pull it real quick what is old
that would mean what were their names
again guys HR and and college name is
Michaela yeah don't be offended if you
guys are watching this don't be offended
because I forget like literally
everyone's trying to get on this right
here though I don't know where the line
starts all we're going to be an hour
long way or whatever you're supposed to
be on the ride ten minutes ago we
stopped at a whole nother section one
they're going to be like a two-hour wait
like goes from there and then just like
zigzag back and forth through this whole
room and we started going around there
behind the wall all the way through
there and then don't even study the
talking about can't sit on the line
we're behind the wall although we said
we go finally behind the wall so hot
look at all these peasants on the other
side they thought the wait like five
hours I'm sorry these I'm just making a
joke we were once
our presence on the sorry guys is all
right cousin beau or next we are not
Hammond that is the time you can't see
it because 125 minutes that's the time
we waited I thought we walked in then it
change from seven seventy five minutes
175 minutes awesome having you guys were
wondering arrived I got to find a
bathroom so bad I'm not getting it back
my bladder so foolish ridiculous
thank you guys thank you we're just
drunk we're trying to catch the train
just pulled out how do we get past that
rope I don't even know what to do from
cold tired so we just got on to the
monorail back you get to our uber and we
ran into Gordon and rethink oh we're
back at our hotel we're tired as crap
for about an order some food and we're
about to sign up for vlogs so here goes
nothing oh okay yeah yeah and Gabriel
copy right
