you want to get the past thing about
these onesies what they have a double
zipper streak and okay and they have a
pouf zipper like you can either back
those lights are lit but also these
Justin Gabriel sweaters are also left
here they look like oh come on oh maybe
not
these things are come and you know what
you want to do is get them at Justin
Gabriel calm I am I am I am I am I am
don't know what you're kinda Leland here
really personally menacing
hope you like that sexy model things we
have this we have a coffee month we have
the plan dolzhenko and we have one lit
right now it's going to say I'm like
very surprised how amazing this is and
we have the one villain which are still
kind company yeah we just did a photo
shoot with all of them some silly stuff
so check it out doesn't give a lot home
I don't want to watch ok we have
finished we'll try to shoot Limburg
still in out Jess and Gabriel swinish
you know why because I'm super comfy oh
all that and they're also made I don't
know what nothing but yeah after a good
day of photo shooting our products
they're out right now by the time you
science video dying they're out you guys
better be ready to get them because it
is some awesome stuff we're both very
top we're very happy with hot everything
10 times we kind of had that here pretty
late so it's cold that we were able to
you one gets the easy eater ground Amin
Osman that we did is kind of like three
leaves to get the DPL can all of them so
it was a process but we're glad we got
it done in time for Valentine's Day we
really hope you guys will love it
because we loved it and we went to
really - a nine o'clock and we're really
hungry so you know what that means
chick-fil-a baby come on I mean another
day another vlog sounded so America
think I did that I'm Pepin another day
another wall another day another vlog we
are here in the music room I'm trying to
set up is Mike situation and how does
that make you feel what you're like a
man
construction and tools and screwdrivers
well you heard it here first ladies and
gentlemen look I got it guys wait wait a
second so basically guys update what you
just saw before this was actually two
nights ago the night before the release
of our EP which was yesterday you
haven't heard about it you can watch our
video where I'll just hum now put our EP
on pre-order but by the time you're
seeing this video it is now alright yeah
Norah on iTunes and Spotify so you can
go get that but also you awaiting that
thing around but also special
announcement number two is that the
merch is live really cool products it's
awesome on Jeff and Gabriel calm this is
like the ultimate
know how I do like calling me here plus
our club does that subscribe button
it is like literally the ultimate log
plug plug moment of I think our career
get the product so Justin Gabriel calm
go get that album on I can then Spotify
I made this thing work with a lacquer
phone inside of here now and it's going
to work out that's not how it happens so
basically you can find everything that
we've talked about on the actual
websites you know you just hear the
website first and then find everything
on that this thing is very weak I would
say and we should probably just go to
Guitar Center gym pro even later so I
wanted to limit things I've ever known
what can you do like mean stuff is so
funny unedited because like wanted to
edit it it looks fun probe even list but
yeah I think we're going to go to the
Guitar Center tonight get that done
going to go to Target or something just
want something at Target
what else was man bought one thing I'm
sending like old clothes of mine that I
had and just like other things to my
family back in Florida so I got a big
box today and we're going to be shipping
all this to my family in Florida I don't
know whatever and there's just a big box
and then I have some old headphones to
get my little brother and she was
mimicking me what I did yes you were yes
you are you mean back for the karate
chop you look like you're just about to
do like
and it's gonna mmmmmm boys crack and
it's gonna be I don't know one don't
want yes this is the Box were sending to
my family and it's it's so heavy we have
to carry it out together
I'm gonna put this gun right here and
ready oh here we go
oh okay oh this is intense
this is in ten inside of pancetta
intense inside pathetic oh okay bed
right back up into the Nook you got it
no way look over shoulder right there
she got her nuts Jack you're not baby
you got a child Cupid back it up
make it any better no it should be
brought in are you kidding no baby no
come on we got the shop 693 you want
look girl I'm gonna you know if I think
I could take it from here take the
communicator
Oh oh my gosh go husband that's my
husband oh my god is there the pressure
gotta do this real quick
we're good then I'll call my Hercules or
not you're close you're hacking me Joe
come on Joe boy guys yes that's what I
like to see whoo oh and since you got
outvoted for the juju on that beat here
goes nothing you guys he's so happy with
himself along and think of the song you
better watch out you better not cry
better not pout I'm telling you why
then I caught his coming to town he's
making a list he's checking it twice
baby remember all right water let's get
the show on the road shall we okay so
we're now going to be tossed and play
anymore because we were going to greet
it again a microphone stand but we
realized we're not going to need to
until we get back because we're going to
be gone for a week not a priority to go
and get and we have a lot of stuff to
get done tonight including packing I'm
sorry Wow
I totally forgot we have to pack so now
where are we going to get crazy
want to come we are going to target
Georgia target update it pretty much
says this thing on iTunes called the
pre-order like cha and basically in
Australia we charted number one it's
currently charting number one I was like
the most pre-ordered food item on our
district and in the US and UK it was
number two which is so exciting Chris
that was so weird like opening I changes
yeah like if you just open iTunes and
then scroll down a little bit it shows
pre-orders and right now on ours it
shows that we're number two because
we're in the US but in Australia we're
number one you Australians are
younger wonder what your condoms I will
see you at Target hey Jeff guess what
the target the target
oh don't worry everybody we're here
we're at Target we minute I don't think
get run thank you we walk into target
and what's the first thing Jessa goes to
the pink section of house decorating
ready to go on I think you forgot one
thing either is it
okay yes guys this is in sane we
actually all just happened now we are
number one pre-order in the United
States and Sun cream thank you guys so
much thank you guys that is that's
insane who knows what it's actually
right now since it's live when this
video goes up but um I hope it's still
doing well and that you guys are
enjoying the music exhibition so
exciting they wait don't think we need
to go back to the Lego set section I
think we need a new like I said yeah
well you have to add to the collection
Lego Batman let's go now more about that
Lego Star Wars life you know what I mean
that noise even know what it made that
noise on camera that was pretty funny
wait you go up to it we're leaving okay
goodbye for the Thursday there we go why
we didn't break anything
okay we had to check out how many things
did we get that I came before Babel we
like house decorating and we comes apart
and they have a whole new line of spring
stuff that is the exact same color
scheme that jess is going for and house
what things did I come here blocking
their shoes and pull away and we got
neither running to the carcass just as
coal shall we do two in one video come
on let's do it let's do it the thing you
guys have done I thank you you know I
didn't know that I was starving till I
tasted you don't need no butterflies and
you give me the whole things if oh no
I'm so curious to know what both of the
songs are they sit there because you
want it to not do them and now you
thought of two songs in one vlog lit I
don't know yeah I don't I can see but I
don't know I don't know wait what I
don't know me I don't know me I'm the
one I don't know I don't know I don't
know what your thought oh
so guys just as done packing good job
almost done and guess what I have packed
nothing that's why my suitcase isola and
it is a 11 past 11 it's like 11:15 and I
haven't done crap and I have to wake up
we gotta wait for like 6:00 a.m.
tomorrow
thank you guys for all the support and
everything number one albums number one
pre-order in the UK now and that is so
exciting so crazy I honestly didn't even
think that that was like possible but
you guys you guys did it for us so we're
very grateful and so grateful thank you
guys so much and since this is going up
tomorrow maybe the album is like I'm
doing great when it actually goes live
and stuff like that we love you guys and
peace out from Jenn and gabriel conte
mmm
