what is going on guys so the special
announcement is happening right now
we're on set right now working on some
other things for it having to know how
to say this okay anyway you had know
it's been about music right Thank You
manikanta on the down low yeah tell me
cuz I'm is going down Oh sir acoustic
cover EP is now on pre-order on iTunes
and it will be on Spotify it will be
released on Valentine's Day but if you
get it now while it's pre-ordered you
can get it for a discounted price which
is superb side of you guys here yeah we
put so much work into it an effort into
it and we are very happy that I finally
here and it's finally happening or now
we play a few clips of songs with some
of the kinds of change
BTS behind the scenes of us when we were
in the studio and yeah hope you like it
let's roll and I will see you on Tuesday
for the vlog and for when it drops
officially again
every time when I say every long lost
dream led me to where you
