yeah dang it dangerous too quiet after I
asked you to get the camera and I knew
love you can't fool me song a baby you
know what I have to tell you oh oh
night Lonnie let's get the show on the
road shall we look what happened to the
lines was hella way out
no I'm sorry babe you know I was just
working for a while so I was trying to
get the last vlog up
I don't be silly I don't subscribe let's
uh plug no nothin you're leaving I'm
leaving too I'm you're right today's a
good day today is a good day we got a
lot of work done and then we're heading
out I think we've had a proper meal of
an egg what else is new yeah I had some
heart man I had a bite of your own you
know here we go babe come on let's do it
you have to do come up with something
it's insufficient I just I'm a bit
nervous
can you do something or are Gigi and
that'll be a final one normal are you
doing so this just has just made the
final decision she's made the executive
decision but this is the final juju on
that beat unless you guys very crazy for
us stopping it then maybe I want to keep
it going she's just tired of thinking of
a song every time we get in the car yeah
I heard on that please enjoy the final
would you do on that beat come on unless
you guys your hands on apologize last
one
alright so here we go you do want that
beat do you do on that beat if you do
and that you do on that you do on that
beat and something something I don't I'd
what hmm
don't Sunday don't stop dudas driving by
and I was like peace out man so I just
realized I mean I swing out the woods
it's literally the exact dance I've been
doing I slide drought-hit that also see
you like why would I know there's my
dance moves mom get the first why the
folks I think is like the other name for
actually that is confusing sorry
it's a great day for
I want to start and we want every time
we can get inside we can say today is a
really good day WOD well I would just
today is a good day for so we're going
to get good aside and then we are going
to go because we've been wanting to
watch the sunset somewhere romantically
for a while this a husband in like
comedian read a letter like that and we
love each other and we haven't been able
to do that a lot because it's just
cancel a we miss it every time but we
decided today is the day we're going to
go to this lookout point that's like
really beautiful where we actually
posted that one picture where we
announced our relationship on Instagram
first anything ever posted with her was
at this spot and we're going to go back
and watch the sunset tonight - good
morning what's on set for so many days
there's so many days success we do need
to get some time we're playing there he
sees the SS Lincoln yeah that was in
like 3 or 4 miles
look at what the dog I think your dog
are like radar for all my job right now
is so good so on
like it's insane actually we're getting
the side you we're getting a scientist
we're getting aside you I wonder where
it is
fair enough out of the blue clue we just
got a letter
right no what you oh I don't think they
do please please it yeah Wow when your
nineties kid we squeeze was my jam and
this makes me feel like I've been locked
out of heaven for so long I makes me
feel like sorry I caused that sorry ah
so we are on our way to sunset go north
we'll make it but you know Mary setting
is we are you just setting so we're
enjoying the view from the car but the
spot will be cool and there'll be a
little light out even after its s
filming for me anyway regardless but if
you were hanging out with tonight after
the sunset go bragging to target he
works out Warner Bros or possum orbit
literally tossing it right now hi brian
i brag i and if you don't know who Braga
is you guys know what to do plus below
yeah we're trying to figure out what to
do for dinner tonight he said no to
Panera you love Panera not a pizza
because he already had pizza it's a
national tea today
that would mean such a good thing to get
women one option is lefted acai
we're headed to fun set that's happening
right now 14 minutes away and it is
heading fast
we made it we freakin made it and we got
to go sunset quick he's a nothing it's
already sent
is that bride guy
oh yeah juju on the beach just wants to
end it she literally said in this vlog
that she was going to end it she's over
it how can you be over this yes
don't you love me we just decided that
when we get a dog Ryan is going to be
the godmother yeah no yeah no God
father mother uncle's idea altogether
god oh no just uncle uncle okay okay I
just figured something out about Brian
uh he was really sharing this with us
what are you I said I had a slice of me
being a people fan and like I just
imagined myself like you guys walking
into my bedroom like what in the world
cause you bedroom poses like this is a
bus and like you know how we needle in
middle school that I never I never did I
definitely did that I did I was I'm
looking wait you were Superman gentleman
Hey
for who this new clothes no bro no I
thought she was gorgeous here that is
the funniest thing I've ever I didn't
have a pool wall it was small it was
swollen contained it is called half of a
door okay anyway the point is I
envisioned myself being a Superman stuff
like here's haven't been in my apartment
because I wanted to custom cover my food
I thought about the other day I was like
Ryan comes over like every bye guys I
got sober I got my guy comes over like
every other day we never been to your
apartment
granted you live with like two
their Destiny's Child is awesome dude I
am not letting that go I have no idea
what you're saying I'm a survivor what
I'm not going to give one I'm not gonna
oh that might be it you're a real super
fan over happy my name say my name no
one is around you say baby I love you
playing games in my name say my name
that's the one song I kind of oh that's
what I don't know is any child's oh okay
alright water right he did you do every
single time
welcome back to the water so we just
drive in separate car drove in separate
cars modest okay no we drove in separate
cars and drop then Brian drop this car
off but then decided to inform us
afterwards that he was listening to
Destiny's Child in the car and we have
evidence we have evidence
it's gonna show you you don't even know
the lyrics did hey I just wasn't ready
that was very like intense ooh that's
amazing Rekha we should probably all do
karaoke together oh that was not analogy
I've never done curio PMSing stop let's
sing sir
then placing it oh those are good pink
I've never heard of em don't you know
they think I'm doing it with the
classics oh don't don't on was to about
this before like I know you played it
wrestle and it's like I know I sing
there's no way that's possible Qatar
hero because that's the one that you've
just as popular as get hot here pretty
sure much
don't tickle me babe stop stop stop my
armpit how will you bring my god crying
you need a bunch of all day I don't know
if I said this before but we're at the
mall and you know that means we're going
to vandalise inside vandalize I mean by
just a pair of Converse and don't look
at the furniture for babe you want to go
into our visa patrovita you are cool oh
gosh I'm obsessed with this big we need
this pillow I think we need this pillow
I want this antler thing we didn't like
anything in this door right here so I
guess one on you I'm going to vandalize
it watch it I feel like I'm in Australia
right now I'm in a tea store oh she is
he how do you feel about that teacher
really good yeah smells like a desert I
feel like I should be eating that so
update 30 minutes later in the store we
find out Brian used to work here at this
P store and basically just sold Jess the
entire store yeah they do on a payment
Australian dollars thank you I think
they accept it's like an Australian
store just tea everywhere right now you
out pop your bedtime clothes clothes
he'll be he'll be back just in time to
make us coffee because my mom will get
mad if you get home you're gonna spank
away yeah she's texting me like crazy I
love you mom all right later did
that's the little have a good one thank
you thanks for the tea in it any
direction and instructions you give me a
call you send me a text message you
email me you snatch that me you cash
back you send me a tweet you can be the
engineer ever and just love I have to
pee and just like my bladders full
oh we are back home guys and guess what
what I'm freaking tired because we've
been so busy lately we would this is
going to kind of like a life update
we've been so busy we were obviously
working on this like secret project
thing that will be announced like very
very very soon like this vlog is going
up Saturday which means the next few
days you guys will be hearing about it
which is the day off yeah just keep up
with our stuff and you
but you'll be the one here have it burst
yeah I'm so excited for you guys to do
this but anyway we've been just like
super duper duper busy with that
obviously keeping up with the vlogs and
everything different meetings preparing
stuff for the future like for things
that will happen after yeah it's just a
really exciting time and a really busy
time it's going to be great and next
week we're going to go to Orlando for a
little bit I'm so excited
yeah the parchments a good guy it's
going to be awesome I've been asking to
go to these parks for like three or four
different trips to Florida yeah can we
go to the car think we're going to
Disneyworld
I think we might be animal kingdom with
it and then we're going to do Universal
and islands of adventure I am which are
excited she's going to be sick yeah so
I'm really gonna do that I'd been back
there I would go there when I was
younger and I haven't been back in years
so it's a really exciting time we are
going to have a lot of fun you'll have a
couple days off that will still be
vlogging both still be blocking will
definitely be vlogging but it'll be good
to get out of LA just for a bit because
whenever we're in LA it's like we're
literally working non-stop but it's fun
and we're doing what we love to do
thanks to you guys
we're very blessed and um and we get to
do it together yeah which is the best
part but that's that I hope you guys
have been enjoying the vlogs um I'm glad
that we've been even though it's been so
busy I'm glad we've been able to keep up
with them and yeah you're able to pump
out three a week and I hope that we
don't get too busy that that stops I
don't see that happening in your future
at all we want to keep the vlog channel
going down so don't worry but um yeah
I'm glad that we have you guys have your
support and that we're able to make
videos three times a week for you guys
because it's a blast yeah yeah very
slender don't tickle tickle yeah Thank
You Amanda I'm gonna get you stop it
let's sign off the ball hey drinks truth
you started it all right you ready oh
gosh thank you guys for watching like
and subscribe and all that shenanigans
and peace out yeah and gabriel conte
hmm so good yeah
