oh my gosh nice game a little bit I'm
just saying you two get married what if
I was I'm changing what if I was naked I
know you had pants on what if I was
changing my pants what if I needed to
change my undies huh
we took my pants and I was changing that
money to no butt naked baby what about
that and then with a block in already
naked
we wouldn't put that clip in yeah well
true hey what is all today another day
another log dog I'm not that day and
that was wrong what good oh my gosh did
you get scared
I didn't even flinch ah you scared me
like three times and you walked in on me
naked alright guys well Jess figures
everything out here we are going to the
Grove now why do you ask
are we going to the Grove oh yes but why
are we going on a date I'll tell you why
we're going - good question guys I'm
glad you asked
we are going on a date because today is
February 7th now last year on February
7th that was the Super Bowl so I
mentioned in the last vlog we met on the
Super Bowl a year ago did we mention it
in the vlog I tweeted about it call me
on Twitter glug glug glug well this year
the 7th isn't on the Super Bowl but it
is the day that Jess and I met in person
for the first time
what is that scent frozen area Oh whoo
what a song cue singing Disney songs and
frozen but the seventh was the day that
Jess and I met for the first time I went
and picked her up for church we went to
church then we went to eat lunch at the
Grove which is why we're going there now
and we're actually going to go eat at
the same place that we did last year on
February 7 and hoping that we could get
the same table to we'll see a buddy is
able to happen yeah so what is a special
day for us it is very special
we're going to like celebrate all our
anniversary hanging up for the first
time our first kiss in church our
wedding anniversary our engagement
anniversary we actually started a
relationship and then it will be like
six month anniversary for every one of
those things all of the little things
every single one oh she did it guys take
out that Invisalign Oh sexy mama
busy la she drove to many libraries on
me the growth right marriage but yeah
let's go get some grub I'm actually
starving so there's very very good I'm
very excited for lunch not just that
we're celebrating that a year ago but
also that I'm starving and I want to
inhale a lot of food that's gay let's go
swag thank you my voice crack ya know
okay everyone make fun of it what's up
nice parking job babe look at that you
are it is very good very good
everything was a plus except for parking
on the line we're in LA everyone goes
crap like that I stayed spotted lucky
this was a setup this was this set aha
okay how do you feel awesome being in
the exact same table as a first day when
are you gonna cry
right now I love you is actually very
weird because I remember this completely
I remember this we were legit sitting
right here and I was just talking to you
and I was just trying to figure out to
figure out the deal what was going on
here right for each other or what but
then she left this day home her mom the
American person a mess but gamine now a
family now a america jessica is a little
baby mafia in convention and I remember
like admiring Philippi and then the
state made a comment what exactly what
you said I don't know but the baby had
like really cool eyes and remember I was
right I was like I would paint a house
like Nana videos crystal blue eyes just
like you
mouth primer all about compromise when
tinleigh experimenting back here and
like sitting here we can be sad exactly
that I said yeah that actually is pretty
weird how to describe how I feel right
as I remember this very clearly and it
is also weird because I feel like I've
known Jeff forever it doesn't feel like
it's only a year but then it also is
like it feels like it was not that long
ago that this happened because I kind of
remember a perfect memories man crazy so
basically what has happened it's 7
o'clock it is much later we had some
meeting and stuff and there are a couple
Alice gotta back home now and you have
the we have and you guys aren't going to
find out what they are because they're
about the super-secret seeing that we're
doing so you better subscribe
what what was what saying saying that we
have some very secret courage echo we're
announcing and it's going to be we're
announcing it very soon to make sure you
are if you put up with everything what
make sure that you're keeping up with
everything so you know what club you
guys are going to be still I think you
guys be as excited as I am
alright my wallet well he just walked me
home
get out Macau we just got home
officially which I mean now we're going
to change into some comfy clothes
because then we're going to let them as
salad the Minnesota side we got last
night and I just like being craving a
high all the time check back in soon I
got a parking ticket today
awesome right all right guys apparently
we're doing good do you think although
it's kind of primitive songs and I want
to start doing a new thing but yeah
insists on doing it for the book today
so here we go he goes not half that the
plane at LAX with a dream I cannot again
welcome to the land of Fame excess whoa
am I gonna fit look Democrat well I said
cloud and if you're a Hollywood sign
this is okay everybody seems so I knew
what song you're singing that time I bet
I said I jumped in the crab with a clap
jobs in the
up here in here for the first time look
to my right and I see the Hollywood sign
if you done so crazy everybody seems so
famous some eternal enough in the condom
on sick fuel-efficient rhythm nervous so
when attacking mentioned on the radio
with the head and ad on the TV son was
old and the jay-z song was on Jeezy some
bird I don't over the hands anyway
anyways guess what we're after is it
and you know your tribals are literally
I don't know what your condone it as I
was decided by the way it was so good
but I'm mad okay and you won't know I'm
mad cuz I said lit again what else is
new and Jess said I said I couldn't wait
until you like saying you buzz and Geney
things like when the dog is like Oh III
III III III I am no I know what your son
don't need a gun we'll never die it's
really I feel like the lid and dabbing
thing has been going on for a good
amount of time now because the whole
like command thing is kind of diagonal
coming and that's not because are in hat
so what's going to be the next thing I
don't know what's going to be the next
thing but for right now it's dabbing and
saying it's late so I don't know what it
is the next day we suck at doing outro
as you know we mess it up every time and
we also forget to do them sometimes but
I thought since we do that we would be
so kind enough as to keep it looking me
just please he's what we thought would
be kind enough just to give you a little
sneak preview of our secret project I am
I don't know if you're ready for this
you ready let's turn this up oh man you
ready ready ah that's it
that is all you guys get nothing more
stage subscribe anyway thank you guys so
much for a soldier for watering thank
you for watching this vlog and we hope
you liked it and stay tuned for the
secret exciting stuff that is coming out
so
please out from jet and gabriel conte we
do it on the first try that boom
why delicious
