three two one hundred three two one
con team I knew you were gonna say that
always always said that when you kick
Jacko's but and we golf again
ah how many times have we played we got
once no how many times since you got
here me play Wiegel Oh know who I beat
him every single time and he's always
like dude Rema those really good they'd
always like rematch today I'm beating
you did you beat me
no however now we are going to go play
real mini golf and I'm gonna win that is
not what I was looking for one hour
later another day yeah I know what you
guys are probably asking why is Jess
running around the car like a maniac
there's currently a be chasing her
outside and Jaco and I are laughing at
her spa thing to be do is get in the car
why'd you say I can't hear you we'll be
in here say then you can fend for
yourself outside but she left her jacket
on the floor are you alive just oh my
gosh it's right there oh she's not
scared all right we are here at the mini
golf scene and I think you guys are
ready to let me beat you right
well you won't you're not gonna let me
you're gonna try them so look at this
mini golf oh there's the course that I
beat you guys on last time yeah that's
one that we did you know it's dangerous
to walk in text right yeah especially
when you Jaco because I'm very uncommon
baby drop yeah so uncoordinated jacket
burst jest verse the great gap see we
got our clubs on our golf balls
trash-talking starts now it's already
actually started ok guys what are the
state what are the stakes
well you loser well you can get ready my
person
I like medium person with this state are
high because the loser overall loser has
to pay for you know dinner okay thing is
like if you win an I lose your self
again yeah and if I lose an you win it's
pretty much if you guys paying for me or
I'm paying for you too yes exactly
no but that dude even if you get second
you're fine you just have to beat your
goal is to be just like you need I'm
just a little salad
whoa look my face is floating how crazy
is that
that's nuts anyway it's your moment you
okay no no no way no way no no way the
first shot of the game mercy where's he
going
they just made it in two so I'm only one
behind I'm so good and now it is just
his turn oh yeah oh three
oh that's that's good that's good come
on
check out look at how crystal-clear blue
this water is one hour later we are now
done many moments later so basically
what's going on is the first half I was
winning by one the second half Jaco did
exceptionally well getting three more
hole-in-one Jaco and I are tied right
now you go here are tied it's our girl
how many was that two and gestures me to
a now shokran eyes turn see who wins the
game
bring it back okay I'm happy with that
I'm happy with that you take this so
seriously
the suspense is so real right now
only
Oh
not bad Oh got to be joking me
patty Phil I am so disappointed in
myself right now like if I miss this I
lose the game I wish go baby we can do
this
I'm so disappointed in myself
Jackie what did you get I know a big guy
is not how I wanted to date ago talk my
fans out there I apologize I let you
down
beeps - all right you're only allowed to
order from the dollar menu you'll state
if you read back through the terms and
services I don't have to win at anything
so I might get hmm maybe where you
entrees main a couple sushi sons have to
age at all either inside the next few
days that was really funny Jaco Hauser
really that was really clever you are
you you to Britney blogging that you are
so how's the dollar menu looking hold
back just can we say that last part
again I'm shutting this off can we just
pray play the clip of man Jess I like
hugging in comedy just so happy one stop
the replays why are there so many
replays it does not mean 15-minute
innate it so we just finished our meal
and jacker how did you like your free
meal it was lit we're currently looking
at the dessert menu which I'm guessing
we're also gonna pay for Jacqueline are
we paying for your dessert - you have to
pay anything
Oh favor do you pay for the whole thing
to save me from B's I drank some water
called Kevin raised by a blow to be
stuck in here forever
yeah we are back at the house and we
just and I we've been playing this game
that's called what is it even called
it's a passion
no it's like um telepathy challenge or
something like that anyway anyway you
just look at each other and you just
blurt out the same more to say it's me
and you we would say the same word
anything and then based off what we say
we try and like get to the next closest
thing and like both try and say the same
word yeah so like if you were to say
tree and I was it to say I don't know
rabbit rabbit then you would say like
carrots or something like that as
carrots go with rabbit and related the
true those are the rules of the game
really nothing to it so we're going to
see if I'm more compatible Jessica my
wife or the jack what just happened
oh my gosh never met dad all right you
ready three two one hundred three two
one
Khan team I knew you were gonna say that
always always said that dude you too all
these words are like intertwine now I
know move load Channel I was climbing
videos Oh have another guy okay don't
kiss me I guess
three two one one one one fateful pasta
Josh surpassed be so funny if he watches
this and he's like God is that my name
one sermon where did Moses come from one
branch to manage who what were you gonna
set read see one right okay jack look
into each other's eyes and think the
exact same thing three two one be real
this time
three two one one one before it doesn't
relate to the other two things just as
you parted isn't lunch nice
Oh guys you got this ready three two one
that was it was in fact I was gonna say
easy I dunno that works I'll look at
yours I was like easy
okay that's really simple maybe maybe
I'm like the factor in this that is
really messing things re to one one one
one one one
dude you suck at this Milo oh my god I
knew you're gonna say that and I said at
the same time why are you joking because
you looked at it before
hi Charlie I'm sitting like this okay
okay let's go guys the battery's almost
dead because you had three to one baby
one what the heck Groot is the character
on guardians a gal give you things
literally a baby treat okay okay okay
all my poo is coming out sorry
okay guys we're doing this by ourselves
without the distraction my face okay one
leg one really blurred and love becomes
a baby boy I get your train of thought
the one
what woman superwoman spider-man and
girl woman Mary Jane where did Batman
come from yes they connect to two so now
are you ready are you ready to do the
outro with us have a good time in the
office
okay guys try the challenge with your
friends at stuff like that and let us
know how you guys do it in the comments
below and like the video if you enjoyed
seeing us fail horribly at a connecting
our emotional level with each other
subscribe to be part of the best team on
the internet the con team we love you
guys
ma again thank you guys for 2 million
subscribers you guys are the best okay
guys ready let's try this one more time
right 3 2 1
peace out and Gabriel and the Czech head
in the mile he just disappeared Milo
Kanzi God I need a little more time
Oh Wayne Wayne
