another day and then blog like squishing
my face or what else is mince
coochie-coochie just love that so today
bra guys coming over very soon which is
going to be little a readjustment we
were just with them we got some aside
beside it and we're just going to kind
of be hanging for the rest of the day
going to film some videos for our main
channels so you better check them out
link in the description I wanted to go
much of sunset the Hollywood time but I
didn't need a lot of time that is in
like an hour but yeah we have to film so
I don't we're gonna have time for that
iRobot to get down put it but yeah it's
gonna be fun and we got more light bulbs
for the things yeah you know if you were
keeping up with a blog subscribe loved
ones one we got these like light bulbs
that are automatic and connected to my
phone they're pretty cool they like sync
up and when I leave the shut off I
really never have to flip the switch
automatically does I throw with that it
came with two and it was a gift from Bry
guy so he's coming over not to help us
install the rest of him Michael we just
gotten that are sitting right there but
he's coming over and then we'll happen
to help us so we're going to install
them they're there damn not there
because you need special light bulbs for
those there there there there there and
there and with that being said once the
light bulbs are installed what is it
going to be baby I don't want to work
with
well I literally literally lit like
it'll be lit because it's lit but then
it's also going to be like lit because
light bulbs are lit when you turn them
on them it what is with this helicopter
boy we're filming here a lot of update
cry guys brag I just adjusted to target
home on down now the funny go
like what am i coming up yeah so we're
about it you're my friend going to help
us with the level yeah make sure it's
pretty holy is an X on a brandy on some
of the branches this is amazing
yeah you're right it's like the Pyramid
of life dude
we're putting them in that thing acting
sort of one and that thing was in that
room that room let's go this is like
both on these website are here we go
say Brad guy just set up some mo light
bulb things right guy in the IPL thank
you guys guys add it again look at this
watch check this out
whoa and a click of a button no big deal
sobriety guy over here playing the game
if you want to hire me just call video
games who uses but Yellow Pages anymore
Brian okay top rubber or whatever you
used with the hanging - sorry we're not
we're not all as old as you Brian we're
about to film some pictionary for just a
channel but first copy come on you know
that is oh hi oh hi oh hi oh hi oh no
one don't wait Reverend C copy cause the
people who later poolside oh it's all
alike a second agency anything hey like
that hey oh yeah anything for you if you
got me got me anyway she better put
metal company
oh yeah I can be as loud as I want
no I mean it how does you cry and you
need very much this is your first time
in an actual YouTube video well I mean
vlogs are actual YouTube videos to
subscribe 1+1 but it's your first time
in a main channel busy old song
hypothesis I was born with it funny joke
Brian Brian
good body yeah just just look at them
and cry this is you
hahaha I didn't think should I was like
I was like oh yeah
kidding I'm just gonna climb with a
group are you gonna cry
it is the next day what's going on guys
um it's Super Bowl day and the Super
Bowl Sunday fun fact about today this
drive that we're doing exactly last year
not the same day but Super Bowl Sunday
it was when we first met look like in
person when we first met in person I
went and picked her up
we drove up the church hung out a little
bit that day and yes Wow
that car was did you see how close
completely just cranked right a little
love tap a little Society it's well
Sunday we're on our way to church and
then later we have two friends brag I
and DJ coming over DJ whose real name is
quibec woman was my phobia false
equivalency to diedring forget how that
happened we were like oh like Colquitt
with main focus and I was I vote we need
something like fried eyes like quick wit
and then they're like all that sounds I
think it gets like a stuff that was and
then I was like okay yeah nickname is
dubstep and then I was like no I'm gonna
call you DJ and that was how we came up
with DJ so we're going to go to church
and we'll check in later
so church was great by the way we're
coming home from church but I love like
Jaguar cars so whenever I see when I put
it on I go oh babe look this Jaguar
unless she goes oh oh it's not like one
with the thing on it wouldn't that like
a cat or Tigers or no
the Jaguar I realize wow I've never
liked something that that was the
jackpot when I think of a Jaguar I
really think of a card so as I call the
call that had two tigers I think I might
be want to please and I know also last
year the Broncos played the Super Bowl
she had a Bronco shirt and a horse on
the bed she goes what he did in the
Bronco was an appointment select
horsemen in it but keep it just a little
one
so you're very smart both trust in
commitment and the most laws once you
have it'll be a bit for us better only
like two seconds for you guys so we're
going to have a new battery in the
camera right and we're back ladies and
gentlemen right there do you love me do
you love me do you love me even when I
scare you yes you do yeah yes
Oh someone's here hello oh yeah but I
guy there we go bright eyes coming up
babe should we try and scare I'm picking
a better spot here black guy he's going
to be coming from the elevator down the
hall
are you hiding here comes around the
corner ah dang I thought oh you bro how
are you can you hug good ah baby saw me
heat is not coming we told them the
whole story to look at you with your
green you live in LA fashion I'm from
South Dakota
dude but we told him the whole story
about DJ and how we got the nickname for
him and he's not even here
you know the Lassonde David Oh David
Elms cometh he was there like helping
with the engagement photos and you're
gonna meet him I like oh did you send me
hi Brian when he set them up the other
day she liked that them up so when I
walked back into the house it
automatically turns a life on with a
little light bulb things it's again even
if Mississippi any more that I thought I
still have to click the lead home button
or clicks a arrival home button but then
we walk back in they were on and I would
show with gestures like wait did you
turn these lights off so even when you
leave home I can notice know that you've
left I'm just scared like what if it
doesn't work for me there's an app for
that ladies and gentlemen a nice candle
babe it smells like boys that won't
candle a store that we remember
oh boy smell that was in the Super Bowl
Karen it's actually already happened uh
we've been watching the game go Falcons
because I'm from Miami I'm kind of a
Dolphins fan don't really keep up with
it too much
but I just don't like the Patriots
because I'm a Dolphins fan so
go for the Falcon probably 90% of our
audience doesn't keep up with sports but
yeah go Falcons right there waiting
twenty one two three so we were talking
about dogs again shocker there talk
about bugs or something and this is a
Brandon I said hugs breathe interesting
okay they've really they go oh and
everyone meet David I don't know what
this dude from 30 rock is a male version
of Lady gaga
all the Justin Bieber record hold on
let's put inside a little bit Super Bowl
after party I don't know what the Super
Bowl did to me but I have the worst gaps
right now and this a bit up sorry guys
David thanks for hanging out with us bro
is it doing that sorry kid I'm missing
more than just your body good David I
don't know if you watch this vlog you're
not subscribe let's plug plug if you
don't you're one step ahead of everyone
else who does but that is traditionally
do everyone's I have screen above it all
you have subscribe we've just come up
with a new game if you ever spot a dog
first win see this isn't fair because I
have to keep my eyes on the we good dog
right before we turn the camera on
they're running dogs are we spotted and
they were like okay turn the camera on
let's play the game no dogs
wherever you are there's literally dogs
everywhere in LA and they just decide to
disappear when we do the camera so I
don't see we're going to get some more
ice cream like we did the other night
we've the kind of dog dog dog dog dog
dog dog right outside I thought sorry I
had to do before you say I got it I win
dogs outside Tony there was a dog right
there we were in the middle tang and I
thought in my peripheral vision and I
just stopped I gave I just stopped and
picked up the thing and the lady was
confused about what was going on but I
was like nope I'm winning I'm
competitive
we just got back haven't touched myself
will sense because we were used oh I can
imagine
the Super Bowl ended ages ago you know I
just think a nice people get out makes
my bitter oh did you bring your pajamas
okay oh we actually have the other
services like I didn't bring my one
thing all right bye guys oh hey Dennis
bag God do you want to go in the hot tub
I do you want to go on a hot tub let's
do it it's gonna be cold outside mm now
so I go hop in and Shh
we're down in the hot tub now chilly got
it
but yeah it's going to be lit I need to
something like there's so much but we're
going to sign up for vlog now see I can
take it remember to like and subscribe
and stuff peace out Jen and gabriel
conte you
