another day another yeah hey guys is
this surprising at all that jess is
looking at dog videos love you hmm Wow
sorry my husband is a little bit comfy
we are watching of love just this week
race day subscribe go check up a lot a
lot like blood blood basically whenever
gave watch is something he doesn't
realize that he copies the facial
expression from the screen he copies
women doesn't himself so I was watching
him while he was watching the vlog and
he on the blog he literally just raised
his eyebrows and it has been he raised
his eyebrows and he doesn't feel it I
just watch it and I'm just she was
literally like havoc she was literally
having like a laugh attack it was not
funny and I was like a blog isn't that
funny
we're not that funny so I'm a little
insecure about the way I watch our bones
that's what I say about that I'm not
giving them that one okay that was what
or should I say omelet you can get it
because the lights are not on my
conscience well as this being you can't
complain oh thanks a rejected gentleman
a very pleasant gentleman guys I was
editing a photo you want to go see it I
got my Twitter what's like blood flow we
definitely have secrets are nobody can't
you see what I did I'm literally like a
role in your ear we just listen to hope
on this side of you so much sir well at
the same time I love lasagna but not
what we say we just listen Carrie al
take a project and react so I say so
excited about it oh it's gonna be
freaking stink just walks over these
candles and goes it starts freaking out
so I can they smell like boys it smells
like a boy and boy smell like I love
your boy oh boy smells so good if you
heard it first you heard it from her
your boys got games on them thanks for
hours later
most of Mellencamp just has been trying
to make the bad all cutesy Ferdie not a
thank you to greasy it is but we were we
were wait we were looking for one pillow
we had one pillow left to decorate the
bed there was one left here and I was
like I don't know what is lit that's
what I was the weirdest thing just
happened I got a phone call from
Domino's saying they were at the
apartment ringing the doorbell and he
knows I exist gabriel conte my personal
personal he had my number and address
and my name's one a guy from Domino's
like yeah the pizza for you I'm so
confused I'm like kind of scared
kind of like maybe every one of our
friends playing a prank will update you
guys on this very strange situation I
was turning the camera on to be like
there's a friend of mine who was talking
about Domino's pieces a while ago saying
you know I have three Domino's cheats
and we just got this free pizza and I
was literally going to turn this on and
I was like I could probably do Sebastian
he was in a vlog and literally as I was
turning it on he texted me saying yo I
sent you a pizza it's so sweet Thank You
Sebastian but I'm very sad now because I
could have I'm starving could I had a
free pizzas but no we decided to walk
around and look at dogs this is a little
dog okay okay they said we entertaining
oh yeah the day we met we ate there
Sebastian
thank you so much
the mental loss in honor of you we
decided to get pizza or this you say
thank you for this piece instead of
review that you tend to keep those in
honor of you cheers for the brutal I
hate everything I said yeah we did and
great I was like you know you're really
bad at tearing and then I'm awesome
animal I think he's got a caring food I
thought oh sure really well he had to be
sorry for
I offered you the recommend what did we
order you tell me request appeasement
soon we play why did we want two three
how many you not warm enough and then
you said okay so because you want one
and a half what will we get as well as
default remain constantly both people
that's my order to Nicole because he
won't want to repeat that and more half
slices wouldn't coming up to me then the
top box was this after you've had a
meatball you're raving Mountain if you
like these people are amazing Calif I
know what let me give you the rest of
Meatballs actually went down in my head
we went up there and we both decided
that we would have won in the Hospice's
pizza and then we have a people at least
admit that he accidentally ate
my true so in my head I thought I was
getting one of the hobbies in the pizza
and me I feel like the wall camera and
all the viewers are like our Council and
we rather like a therapy session and I
pull my editorially tell your side of
the story because we're like on the blog
we can't really fight and we have to
make up now we don't really look like
you know what I mean
come on that's our dog that are always
paired off you want me to go up there
well seconds later we did it guys we did
it we but we didn't come not because I
would have been really when I would have
gone how that creepy level was already
like really high and we would have liked
it Riggs only moment remove the cutest
dog I've ever seen in my life I'm really
holding you have an aura if that was
like a normal ish golden you don't
imagine what I get two points are
connected em to people we destroy them
for a really long time and you would
know that we and being like if that
wasn't a sign from God to get a golden
doodle I don't know what was but it
really pray when did we present I
remember saying oh like crying for dogs
like maybe like pray right before know
y'all been praying about dogs Jeff
you're turning me into a doctor's Jess
just walked into Crate & Barrel and whoa
aesthetic they talk about aesthetic and
look at how aesthetically screams aw
look at how aesthetic that pot is look
at how aesthetic that milkshake is
so I dabbled in dancing when I was a kid
NBD no big deal I was you get the ticket
the holidays and Jessa's in the car
waiting for me I'm scared
never mind I'm not gonna scare she saw
me we're going to scare you so good -
babe 13 a little tired you negating all
right water what's that whole another
day and uh we didn't say that Savannah's
video K this welcome tea coffee singing
hush where is the content Rebecca and
Justin is really mr. mosz
sir Mike skinny Singh bt-dubs we
literally will jettison on the song I
learned this on right before we hit the
record button so sorry
what you bring it is my pitiful
nothing I'm so much Fleming my throat
that whole time I don't have an excited
believe in Christ holy
three
Oh
we technically finish the vlog last
night but we decided to keep it going
because and just end it on this note
that we are about to hit 1 million
subscribers
it is currently at right 25 away will
take a while we'll be sitting here for a
bit but we're getting close oh it's
happening it is happening oh my gosh on
a 999 and 0
I went back down I feel like people are
going to be answers to try and be the
million to one people are going to like
unsubscribed Andry subscribe and
unsubscribe and re-subscribe
oh my gosh oh no guys what are you doing
oh man I 700 no and we're looking again
oh did it we did it
I can picking me up yeah million you can
good way to celebrate we just had a
million subscribers on YouTube on the
little mini thank you God for 1 million
we did it we did it we did it
Kevin thank you guys so much for the
support this is our first log out of a
video with a million subscribers so
ready to sow these as rom-chan and
gabriel conte and all the million
subscribers you guys are late
