another day and knives ah what is good
Ligety vlog what's good YouTube so we
are it is watch on 951 be kind of taking
our time getting up this morning and
sleeping in a little bit because we have
about to do that past few days so since
we told you last time in the last vlog
that we were doing some music just let
me know that we'll be spending some time
in the studio today and it's going to be
I don't don't want don't believe yeah so
I'll be ready for that it's going to be
freaking so you ever go to the studio in
a bit but first coffee I just was
currently trying to convince me that you
can fly if you really think about it and
you really believe who did I marry can
you find us just really any Mary Poppins
tab they would decide I would like to
say something nice just to just like
jump into this thing every kid driving
I'm guilty of trying the umbrella thing
I tried to jump off like a table with an
umbrella no freaking way right now okay
so has we been looking at dogs just
search this thing for apartment called
fresh patch okay that thing called fresh
patch that they deliver a pot of grass
that you can tell them like your patio
or something so you don't fresh dry
every week every two weeks so you have
to take your dog all the way like
outside the building just species of
being like this kind of grass justice
look researching that we're both like
kind of obsessed with researching dogs
right now I wasn't up till really late
last night looking at dog training
videos new earthly I was
and then we just saw the truck outside
you were like no anyways I think God's
trying to tell us something
I hear dog barking right now what is
happening when you save up first coffee
and she orders a tea
Jess's excuse for not having a coffee
that it's a lotta it is in the latte
I like you a latte Boychuk hey hey bro
life update house update apartment
update Jess and I are Russian okay Jess
and I are working on taking the guest
bedroom slash music room slash office
slash Jacko's bedroom slash all the room
in the house that's not the master
bedroom into like office music room
which will be pretty cool because we
just got just this last night we got our
new keyboard and she's loving it she's
so excited about it so thank you to all
of you guys at the floor reception who
are so generous with your gift because
this is a result of your net generosity
so we just want to thank you so much so
it's all you forward of people much love
but yeah we're going to start moving
stuff around and see what the best setup
is in here like death keyboard crap like
that to make it look as Jess puts it
cute new song always got game so we made
it to this studio can't tell you too
much because it is a top secret but if
you know just subscribe and stuff like
that you'll find out soon blog yeah we
will be back in effect ik and a half
hours later we are out of the studio
session it was awesome we're both so
tired hungry but guess we comes over
tonight dry gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
you don't know who brag is better
subscribe and catch up to the rest of
the logs we know O'Brien is plug plug
plug plug plug plug
Hooten I'm Mary chicken break the things
out so just and I've been doing a lot of
fighting recently we have been arguing
about what dogs again you're like oh we
want goldendoodle this that we're kind
of obsessed with the golden doodle but
then the real problem is is what is the
size okay let me down are you ready to
what sister really cute video kay just
prepare yourself okay okay well before
it we watch this video I just want it
like precursory what was it precursor
what are you talking prologue here
before we start training I don't know I
don't know this stuff I dropped out I'm
not a high school I'm a I'm a college
dropout I'm sorry
we're both college dropouts they
actually don't stay in school kids
anyway we were like oh let's get mini
golden doodle blah blah blah we were
looking it up forever then Jess was like
what if there's a smaller version went
down to like micro mini golden doodle
and toy golden doodle teacups she's just
been going smaller and smaller sizes and
now she's got the size dog that is
literally fits in your hand I didn't
even know it was a thing and I'm like
babe I don't want a little dog want a
little dog running around going all the
time and I don't want one that you are
walking around and accidentally killed
because you step on it and didn't even
see that it was their Chinese he just
wants a big adult anyway look at this no
I don't want a huge dog I just want one
that's like you can cuddle with and play
with because that thing is like it let
them see this you'll you're gonna play
with that thing you're going to take it
and throw it like a football - hold up
it's cute I understand it's cute but I
just wouldn't want the size of the dog
is all I'm saying are you kidding me
sorry think he is head is the size of a
thumb the cutest thing I've seen in my
entire life I guess who doesn't know you
guys know that is not that that was
already has an owner babe from basically
we're going through a rough patch in
America this dog situation we don't even
have a dog there's no dog no dog
anywhere to be found all I wanted to say
in clip was that we are getting a teacup
no that is not true guys but people
think I was a goldendoodle had a
goldendoodle yeah it was a either
Goldner elaborative literally right
after we talked a matter where the
chances I see what I find is funny is
that she just freaked out had a big dog
and I'm saying here look at what a
little smaller than that and she's like
no I won't leave other than to see it on
Jen just freaking out and I'm like but
so what we just sang to the world camera
while I was talking to brother oh I know
you were talking about me I was talking
about how you're like oh I want a teacup
dogs of any CD's big dogs like that one
was huge did you see it change exactly
that doesn't matter how tiny it is you
can still get a cute dog and it'd be a
good size I don't want that either do
want I'm saying we got one like a little
song and it still see oh she's starting
to sink a lot I'm starting to convince
her I actually I think that dog
convincing I wanted a mini golden doodle
in the star I'm the one that coming to
you you just keep looking at smaller
dogs and smaller dogs and you're like
they're cuter they're more instagramming
today I definitely not brag I Shimon
Trigon buh buh buh bye guys
reigai come on down welcome Brian you
look a little different I did
wait did you do CrossFit this morning no
way you skip the day do it
Oh going on dude I'll get up but I'm too
lazy so can you okay again my husband
look at you I don't know how it makes me
feel nice cardigan thank God well you
know I just ah yeah when you're not
running up the bandar-log get out
hello Zuri what a coincidence named dogs
everywhere everywhere everywhere
I hear the market for dogs right you
don't want a dollar am i right No
by guy what are your thoughts on the
very secret thing that we did show you
guys
oh god get ready you're ready to rock
and roll everybody get ready
I'm so excited for you guys to listen
see or hear or know that I know you they
know it's music okay we're kidding
julissa draw and see and there's other
stuff
yoku use we don't know what's going to
happen again turn the ice cream you know
you're the lit one when you get a flavor
of ice cream
and they both copy you molten chocolate
chip cookie dough it's lit try it
sometime guys if you don't remember bra
guy we got us a water filter in a past
vlog like three four five the auto glass
experience doughnut
yes I'm talking about oh and if you're
subscribed you know what's good you know
who brag is you know about the gift the
water filter that didn't work we never
get could really have what he got us
another gift and we haven't opened it
yet technically we open this package but
we didn't open this package we waited
for brag I to get here so you know what
it is I know you know what it is lit oh
yeah then you got no no okay ready
everyone you know what it is I don't
don't want don't why yes you're right
good job
yeah what the heck is an intense number
two oh is that what you roll in the card
thank you you bro bro boy like that so
cute
am I right lot it to this alright Oh
what got it's a light bulb easy
wow thanks robbery literally you got a
to light bulbs rough so basically so
just so you know this is the hub you
connect this to your Wi-Fi and basically
you come to your house you can say Oh
okay this isn't a brand you know I know
I'm kidding you're gonna easily to you
guys in town code hope you can send it
to it
what you walk into your house electronic
question how do you buy more light load
where wait timeout you just put the
light bulbs in any lamp in any way no
wait wait timeout this thing is
connected to the lightbulb themselves
yeah yeah and you don't need special
land for nothing because no way dude
it's a heavy light bulb it is a
technology like phone right here you can
make it romantic you can make it real
live Brian the IT guy bright idea you
guys say that Wow Bry the IT guys wait
no do I have it bright eager crazy guy
oh my oh my okay
model yeah I want to do you don't even
how to work it wow you're an IT guy
right - you guys guys this is what I'm
talking about right here just is like
you guys have to come see this but we
have more dog video looks more dog
videos look we just put the lightbulbs
into our lamp I quickly ah that is so
cool brag on we're gonna if you're gonna
seem you go to nighttime why and then
you go back you can go bright thanks
bright guy
thanks Ryder this is a wit gift can you
try to look in a series hey Siri what
yeah turn on the living room last one
okay this is the coolest ribbon Emma
this is so sick dude this is
revolutionary and they're sizing yeah
Wow that this is revolutionising
revolutionary and others are
revolutionising are ya life
reintegrating realist it's
revolutionized their life there we go
not to work so I'm glad you know yeah
thank you Brian D Tyra Banks dog you
know it's not no water filter but it's
you know
automaticall yeah you know water filter
was like the 8 plus K this is like the B
plus cos no is not junk
I was like when saying B plus gift No
is freaking sick we're about a hoarder
when your how many lenses I mean light
bulbs do you order the hubs if you know
can only do up to 50 so if you do more
than 50 light switch that's quite a lot
you'll need another hug thing we're
gonna need another how to fit them
anyway completing a drug I love thank
you so much thanks for watching um like
and subscribe
that's a 20 foot foot foot be ready for
the big surprise that we're going to
have yeah so you're going to want to
subscribe to a foot pump it's too late
Pizza no I think I did that kind of win
I was like peace out peace out yeah and
gabriel conte
