another day another no you have to say -
you have to do it babe you have to do it
after I jump in and turn around and do
like the Superman landing Dan you do
here let's start up the suit again
another day another - babe what are we
up to today some makeup I need to thank
you why not distracting oh all right
fine I'll explain what we're doing today
fun but first I have to clean off the
lens look like because it's a little
dirty so today we have a photoshoot for
something that you guys will find out
what it's for very soon not sure if that
sentence made sense anyway doing a
photoshoot for something that we are
going to announce soon we're very very
excited to announce it it's gonna be
freakin sick when we announce it and I'm
so excited but you guys can't find out
about it yet so we probably won't vlog
it because that would give things away
why it's gonna be sick and I'm so
excited to announce what we're gonna
have to announce what we're going to
announce yeah weds right now or not
they're not working what's it gonna be
Oh Cameron I'm ready look at me babe
I'm freaking ready okay okay all right
so just didn't let me open the door for
her this time so I'm just gonna do my
voice crack what the heck so I'm just
gonna hand it at the camera let's do I
think I figure out what songs I have
done and what I haven't done happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear someone happy bye oh
wow did you hear my voice is crack let's
hear it again listen again happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear someone happy
birthday that then I got all I'm sorry
guys that one sucked and he just thinks
I'm still singing so what'd you do
I failed we failed mm-hmm what else is
new anyways we are up to a photo shoot
but also a photo shoot the way we
actually had a friend shoot yesterday we
had one yesterday and I haven't the
Motta awesome that's way yes three in a
row but yeah well off to a photo shoot
right now I don't think we're gonna plug
it because it's top-secret
you guys will find out soon enough what
the heck is going on I'm the dog this is
a big problem dog update this big
problem is that I am starting to get
obsessed with looking up dogs to not
even drinking he's become such a dog
person which I like he's like I'm
looking up dogs again I mean I've always
I've always liked dogs I just have never
been like obsessed with him like Jess's
and the more she talks about them the
more like I'm starting to think about
them and I just it's it's a thing that's
happening and I don't know what's going
on but I'm I think I'm obsessed with
many golden zeros also and last night we
were on a website like where you can
adopt different dogs and I picked out
two dogs that look close to us and I
want to come and look at them today we
have to make appointments
certainly turn the camera off make
appointments for
that's that'll be what we've on today
because we can't block the photoshoot I
don't know if we'd be allowed to vlog
dogs we can't visit the place and just
you know what maybe a little girl visit
them today alright guys we are here at
the very moderate the thing that we're
doing and yeah behind the scenes of our
photoshoot gotta love Hollywood right so
we are here and you're doing some stuff
sorry for being shirtless I've been
waiting on a shirt but it's here is
right sorry Charlotte continue with the
day with our super top secret stuff okay
and that is a wrap babe on our boom on
our super secret project that you'll
find out about very soon so I guess
you'll just have to subscribe if you
want to find out what it is for me now
say you know you got a notification and
turn notifications on is that a thing
yeah
turn notifications on so you can be
subscribed Belle subscribe the bell yes
so we didn't update we're at the Grove
right now and we ran into what's up you
guys nice to meet you guys hey Jess look
at me
that kind of like made me jump little
scared you with my fart alright guys so
recap the day of what has been going on
because we haven't vlog too much because
of the awesome surprise that we're not
telling you guys about but a hint
let's think of a him ok guys so it has
to do with
yeah so that's really exciting you know
but seriously it's about
Gani back daddy
okay no okay but for real soon we'll
give you a hint seriously it has to do
with music
whoops
nice yawn babe we already did it we can
do it we can do it two times in a vlog
watch this guy's okay guys apparently
we're doing it two times twinkle twinkle
little star how I wonder what you are up
above the world so high like a diamond
in this guy clink okay that kind of do
it work
guys I'm getting really bad at this
about work so I'm a so red because
you're hot we are leaving
Jess is pregnant no update we are Jess
will be pregnancy know we'll be getting
a dog before we get a kid so we're gonna
go to night church and just decided it
would be funny it would not funny fun
fun and funny if we try to pick each
other at all by the way hint I do want
to wear a hat tonight well see I don't
want to peek stuff and it not match so I
want to put it on you but I mean like I
want to try some stuff on you before I
make my decision
uh-oh she's turning into a fashion
designer oh okay you want to pick my
outfit up first
sure do the vibe that I was going tell
me the vibe you're going for babe what's
the vibe that you're going I wanted you
to wear something like this but then and
you said you wanted to wear a hat so I
was like if you want to show what this
is I can't say I love thee this long
sleeve sweat is I don't know he looks
cute and both of them except this one as
a stain Wow what the heck what what is
that what the dirt a big thing of dirt I
didn't even realize I really like this
okay but if you were wearing it I'm not
other boy probably I think I won't okay
well let me show you it would work
I love this hat I want to wear this but
I would only want you to wear it
backwards okay all right all right all
right
I put you in jeans okay you go put jeans
on and then you could throw a would you
want something underneath or like would
you want a jacket I'm thinking this and
this okay
look at you babe you style and so Junior
teen
what sorry I was perfect can you change
into this 3 2 1 beautiful do you want
black jeans would you be into black
jeans yeah I'm down on the black jeans
my 3 pairs of black jeans are ones with
huge holes ones with a little bit of
holes and ones that don't have holes
that are literally the exact same Paris
with they're not gonna be able to see I
can't see my own oh I'm in my underwear
does that mean in your face yeah
my fly's down babe this thing yes
alright now it's time to put on the
sweater this is it so far the hat looks
purple in this but it's not purple house
like a tinge that's great let's try a
jacket what do you think alright we're
trying a different house jess is
obsessed with me wearing back are you
kidding me that looks so much better
really I think it was the clashing of
the two grey is check out how it looks
with different poses you know wait baby
what about the shoes yeah I know I'm not
making sure together though I'm making
sure you like that first do you like it
I do okay good these but I don't know
yeah maybe they match the top okay cool
now it'll be interesting what he dresses
me in I love that at the beginning of
this Jess was like okay I'll take a
minute to dress you 15 minutes later
good thanks babe honestly it's still
like the Hat like you shouldn't wear a
hat really yeah maybe black lock one if
it goes in with the see I'm just like a
hat forward kind of person I'm not that
backwards happening yeah can you put it
backwards I mean both oh for sure
alright guys my turn to just dress
that's what I just think my turn to
dress Jess where's your black jeans are
these ones of the riff - black ones
they're really ripped ones alright so
he's starting me off with ripped jeans
black jeans and then we're gonna move up
- I like this yeah I love that I like
this but the question is what are we
going to throw on
I know this is a dress but can you talk
to the dress in well I have great off
where oh babe where this one go with
this it's just called out alright I'm
gonna get changed
alright and then I feel so puffy when I
do that what do you do what when I have
this leads in what's leaving these when
I like to wear them like this I feel
puffy well you can go like this no I
feel even more puffy no you don't this
is freaking cute when you're not hitting
me it's babe trust me I'm not feeling
cute you are freaking adorable
there's my job to dress you babe I know
but I have to approve where is like
having it like this it's so much better
alright take this this one and tuck the
bottom into the front of your jeans like
this
mm-hmm and then this is a fun game for
me but now he's over it and then your
blackberry and do you want me to wear
any jewelry I forgot dressing the girls
are hard you're watching that I got you
for your birthday
all right guys we're done let's go look
in the mirror all right looking good
look at us being Church goals all right
reckoning sure has to pop out the bottom
accuse folding up yeah so we're gonna
vlog for a bit while she's on the
highway let's go hey babe let's roll out
Ghost Rider
you're Ghost Rider and I'm what's my
nickname
I need a nigga Bev I need a nickname I
need a nickname for the vlog your
ghostwriter and I'm like all right babe
no push it push that I think that works
yeah boom Sun kicking butt babe and make
sure your rear view mirrors are all
lined up make sure you're good to go and
floor it straight through the gate just
is doing great learning a lot of traffic
but it's alright because you just
one because just likes it because we're
going slow - it's great because we're
still headed to church three it's great
because what's really being in traffic
isn't great but for me right now I don't
know what it is lately I always feel
like I have incredible amounts of
boogers hanging out of my nose and I'm
just going like this all the time okay
yeah sorry TMI my hands are so sweaty in
a circus this is like the longest you've
ever driven yeah in America and the
first time on the highway it's we made
it alive ladies and gentlemen okay so
church is great Church was awesome like
I like it it is I just get three late
attacks because I think it's like past
our bedtime right now I was in church
and it was like the service was so good
as I was sitting there but I'm just
tired right now yeah but yeah no but
other than that it was awesome this cars
about it huh so let's get out of the
road
hey there's cars about us from
everything let's get in the car you
driving all righty then Lottie let's
head back home yeah it's like legit ten
o'clock like legit bedtime yeah we
walked out of church at that past
bedtime okay so when we walked out of
church we met a friend of a friend
called Bailey and he was basically just
really encouraging basically he said he
was just talking about how oh I'm sorry
I have to Burbank that's me he like told
us that like he and watches our videos
and and he's like friend group does too
yeah and he said the support that we
show our viewers meant so much but then
also the support just
if he was saying like from him and his
friend group being like supportive
apartment is that the support that they
give us back to know that like I guess
all of you guys support us too and just
like the kind of the bond that is there
from yeah it's not just like a one-way
it's not just a one-way thing I don't
know it was just he put it in such a
good way and he wedded it so nicely and
it was such a beautiful compliment yeah
talking about our love yeah that's and
it was so sweet
Bailey if you're watching this it was
awesome to me at the end I was like
broken your heart the battery's about to
die um we didn't visit any dogs sadly
enough okay so pretty much we visit dogs
this week at some point hopefully we
were so busy because of the exciting any
quiz so any place I'm glad you like the
watcher of locks in it is very nice that
you like it okay good bye thank you guys
for watching we'll see you in our next
vlog like and subscribe Kizer from jess
and gabriel conte
