no way you guys we got all this mail and
stuff Angelina sent us this package
there's no on top and then right as I'm
looking at it there's one visa side hug
Angelina Peggy so much Angelina all
right let's read the letter first
actually that the unicorn onesie is for
you and guessing this one is for you
babe she said the penguin one was for me
that is the greatest thing ever I got in
China onesies and three two one oh it's
already that comfy the penguin Thank You
Angelina for the ones you use anything
she was thankful that you really didn't
have you really didn't but hey
no one we couldn't find one that wasn't
now I have one look at me miss a cat
Mina hey today Gabe is going to take me
to the gym but first this is me when he
doesn't listen but sad Oh coffee
but first cause if Gabe is Evan not
listening to me I know it's because he's
playing a game and he is obsessed with
Betsy and whose fault is that okay all
right all right I'm sure division yes so
we both play it by for morning he's been
playing it because you've seemed stuck
on a certain level no I did it I beat
level 75 I'm a level 76 thank you very
much ladies and gentlemen
round of applause rattle applause yeah
Jenelle and I can't use this water thing
the shield yeah right that's the water
things oh but look at that combo beat
the level came in oh what's that 77 now
I think so now we actually are required
to disclose that we are sponsored by
best fiends to promote them but it
doesn't even matter because we actually
are obsessed with a game I mean how else
would I have gotten to level 77 am i
right and I rise ladies so if you're
past level 77 let me know because that
is very impressive and you could
download it for free but if you actually
use the link below you'll get a free $5
worth of stuff in the game you can even
play different quests and stuff like
that which is super fun and connect the
game to Facebook and compete with your
friends which is pretty lips to say the
least good jump up
I'm so proud of you baby okay buzz well
I'm gonna go get coffee by myself have
fun buddy so guys we are going to get
coffee but then we also are going to Jim
later
I think Jeff mentioned Matthew galavant
when he went oh thank you so we're going
to go to the gym but I kind of need Jim
she's gonna go get Josh gym shoes
because she has nothing here like three
pairs of shoes with me right now into a
boot so I need to go get some Jimmy
shoes and I'm gonna go show her what's
good energy and muscle machine the
muscle machine since you're such a gym
junkie babe all right babe show me how
athletic you're going to be when you run
today on the treadmill okay all right Oh
whoo doggy they're calling me babe
they're calling your name in dog
language I think they're saying Ches
Ches Ches I think everyone knows what's
about to happen right now I opened the
door for jazz what's that happen man I'm
just going to take the camera anyway oh
but that make you sick it's always gonna
be another mountain I'm always gonna
wanna make it move on an awful battle
sometimes I'm gonna have to lose a man
outside faggot that he thought I was
okay we talked about this before I go in
the cot and you thought I was going to
do hi home hopeful I just said that we
talked about it and that I told him I
was going to do hi-ho
I hope it's all super illegal but who
knows if that's even true because every
time she tells me she sings a song and
then it's not the song when I go to edit
the videos I look like that there's a
first time I'm hearing of this song when
you're singing while I choose you on
them beat so dude you wanna beat but if
you wanna do some homage and you wanna
eat I didn't know forget it cookie right
now because we both decided it was very
hungry but it just happens to be a
really good lunch place for me where I'm
buying my gym shoes okay it just finish
eating and now we're going to get a
nice pair of shoes she's going to be a
gym junkie ladies and gentlemen already
an Iranian yeah you're going to teach me
a finger to the field and how do you
feel to be a gym junkie yeah take a
laugh walk around so we're back and
getting ready to go to the gym Jess or
gym junkie stuff you are one step closer
baby becoming an official gym junkie
what was that
as I was filming her this is what you
did as I was saying how she's coming a
gym junkie look around look at that over
here reach your hands up hood and jess
is gonna put on our new stuff then we're
going to go in gym so hard when you get
frickin swole I am slow yeah let's
forgot look at her outfit guys baby flex
on them oh look at this gym chick oh
look at you babe you savage kind of a
boss yeah okay teach me a thing or two
big show me how to use the lod palm
laughing machine
oh yeah the muscle machines right like
be out what is it the Jack Taylor
yeah the tricep curler yeah and suddenly
you say for like collect your loofah mm
just doing that we have Russell leave
I'm trying to be a good personal trainer
here I'm going to be just as personal
trainer for the day but the problem is
is that I know how to work out as a dude
which is totally different from like a
girl so I'm like I've been like on my
phone trying to figure out what workouts
do I do for Jess and stuff like that and
we're going to do the same thing I think
I have a few things in my head that are
going to work but I'm going to show you
a lot so thinking so it's okay so any
personal trainers out there watching
this video don't judge me I'm trying
this my first time all right I don't
know why'd you say that's good let's do
it oh yeah oh
I mean it's with
get it get it get it get it get it look
at those try baby I got a run in fast we
were going on a set for a certain amount
of time but just have to cool down
buttons yeah it actually cools you down
brings the work out that's not what I
signed up for actually signed up to get
smaller yeah you know I found something
out you know just loves what she's going
and she's like I don't like it I don't
like it instead of counter to thing I
don't like it
look at this girl go he's killing it
look at the phone we have 115 pounds
yeah that's basically what it is two
plates or 115 pounds look at the school
no one would be so bicep tricep pole is
actually really easy but I have to get
each case how to do it because she's not
very good at it are you guys to live I
situation son
I actually list out the back muscles and
the bit of the biceps will fill all the
back muscles and the dodging it's all
walk back mom good try set back the last
muscle Kajal at pool work that treasure
he's a mess look at this one I'm just
letting you know she's killing women as
right for this montage check this house
look at that for your cannibal chemic
that's one like form you're done this is
Matt time fucking sound good snap baby
killed it pretty good and I did yeah how
was that my personal training session my
pretty quickly thank you very much
wedding yeah
alright so baby I do this thing called
protein shake
what will it do if I drink it basically
like it helps you it helps your muscles
repair in the simplest term how's your
mom's okay right right you personal
trainers out there really analyzing my
personal training technique or repairs
your muscle I know much stuff I'm a gym
junkie I learned from Jeff the ultimate
gym junkie hi guys welcome to the clunky
gym junkie often first workout Christine
cake tutorial step one of becoming a gym
junkie is buying Jessica gym clothes
step two actually going to the gym step
three protein shakes all lit it's
protein taste delicious base we have
nothing to worry about the protein is in
the bottle you love shake shake shake
shake shake shake I shake Naya I'm good
why now hmm so hot right mmm
confessional trimmer I shave my
approaching it's like this I kind of
powdering
it might feel weird ad it might feel
weird for a second okay I can really
taste the top with this give me pick
them up when you wake up in the morning
you will be bigger than me big guy think
Jim was really really good um I actually
have really crazy muscles as you can see
I work out a lot of my arms today and it
was really yeah it really loved your
boys are back size up bad boys bad isn't
that the one where they're dancing
through the junkyard yeah I called up
the Ninja Turtle phone because it looks
like the Ninja Turtles dancing around
but yeah we are showered and expected on
Pizza doing a little editing stuff out
ooh I get to it black black black black
shoe but Kevin work with word wafer
now my new work work work work I don't
know what else to say the size King
peace out yeah thanks for watching like
and subscribe peace out from jet and
gabriel conte no way we got in the first
shot that's all free so that's a pizza
