just currently working right now which
is why I'm starting to blog by myself
okay she's very focused okay blog the
other way said blog what the crap of
that law what's happened today is it
some day honey this film it will be
posted on another day but we're filming
on a Sunday went to church it was a lid
we have the cleaning lady come over that
was lit I guess well it's a whole kind
of she was cleaning Justin I decided to
be very productive and officially move
our things together in the house
organized is the best way to put it so
I'm going to show you guys what's good
look at how clean our room in those eyes
that big pile of Lauren my shoes in that
trash bag everything was clean besides
the stuff on the best y'all but check
this out closet goal am i right am i
right lady but master bedroom clean
kitchen clean dining room a little bit
clean guest room / second room / storage
room / office / filming room clean oh
wait but who's that good-looking son of
God table clean couch clean so we
decided that we want to be very
productive and not vlog until we were
done because vlogging would distract us
when we probably wouldn't have got as
much done as if we didn't okay I lost my
train of thought but starting with vlog
now and as you can see it is nice but it
doesn't matter because we still going to
have a great time and it's gonna be
what's it going to be I don't know one
don't what you thought you heard her
flint-head yeah didn't you love that
name didn't we love that burp nothing to
me
making a funny moustache simple bait
real quick you want to tell me who's
coming over just make the count playing
off a pretty big guy oh don't take well
I actually am laughing right now but um
today is Sunday and we're going to have
talk or Sunday talk about is Sunday
anyway doesn't my White House
Association yeah okay yeah that's what I
thought too doesn't my wife have such a
good sense of humor we are having two
friends over one is bright guy you
already know if you can subscribe for a
minute or gone through and watched all
of our vlogs I'm not saying you should
do that but you should probably do that
the one where we went to one a brothers
and kissed like spider-man the guy who
showed us around is bright guy we love
Friday we were with him earlier today
and we were with Sebastian who's also
coming up I'm really sorry but I have to
finish watching so we can have a really
fun night and when you come in hang out
with me I get really stressed it no I
love you we're gonna hang out in like
five minutes okay you out that I'm an
actor babe aren't I talented yes out of
the labia I got you yeah dude I had to
bro thank you for the bobo bro hey bro
extra Bobo's for Jess you guys are
legend for bringing us all whoa I got
this specially for you babe Oh got your
gift yes listen we got it today and I
was like want to just random package we
didn't order anything and just as like
just Bryan's gifts and all the clothes
right guys coming today
we're not opening until he gets here and
she was so mad
that but I wanted to open it on the vlog
in Tirana Bryan come on let's open it
Scott you want this is been why I've got
muscle get it baby
savage savage Oh we've gotten the night
before that's when Jack Eliseo Sebastian
debut on the vlog bro what is it anyway
you want to break the news to embed
yourself way cool yeah I'll do that
we're already using it you know let's
return it right now baby we're doing it
stupid water filter I know you worked
hard on this thing and you read a lot of
instructions on how to use this but it
is going down the trash chute okay we're
not going to throw this out he just got
a letter
we just got a letter we just got a
letter
I wonder who it's from Sebastian thank
you when is this Morgan
have you gotten married or something
okay what do you get right there's a
card here and AH the get wild Starbucks
no I'm Maria I'm gonna read it right now
I'm not reading it on the vlog because
apparently it's very emotional oh you
emotional beast Sebastian Oh ladies he's
single the cameras blurry but he's
single ladies soup is better sorry
look at that hair go in there ah thank
God is gone alright they want to tell my
future I don't know he only Taco Tuesday
tacos not Tuesday
taco Sunday Papa Sunday my bad guys but
we're just going to get our taco stuff
because Jess and I are totally prepared
for tacos and stuff like that second
chakra Sunday or they last Sunday we
didn't have talking we had Pisa for
tacos on maybe eight pizzas and it was a
Brian I'm not Brian Bragg i whatever
whatever
same thing but it's becoming a tradition
Oh save a dollar guys we're making money
license we should get all the right here
make like ten dollars
Jess your jokes are so cheesy and new he
says Clinton babe it's our cheese come -
Jess - you uh you have a pen and
for my channel goodbye not a biggie to
nice places Sebastian this is friend you
can't take him anywhere
nowhere I mean did you invite him I
thought it was us and he came with you
yeah I'm here adjusting you know what I
see ah she was looking at my Instagram
photo and didn't like it
oh now you okay I'm looking at Sebastian
student ID right now in my come far away
looks like a different person but then
when you look at it up close you're like
wow is that Sebastian's like older
better-looking brother all right now
start cutting we both looked at each
other
well my games not gonna do anything
excuse me give me the stomata do you
want to much do I want to cut it you
know babe I don't want to cut it I'm
going to because I'm a good husband what
feels good to be a king so cookie with
the cousin eh eh eh guys the vibe to
write for Taco Sunday are you ready for
it
lenders independent businesses and that
and then that
yo dude you want to shout out your
social media Trevor on a blog social
media on Twitter YouTube snapchat is
council oh yeah so following because you
totally know what he just said Ryan we
want to shout out your social medias
it's okay buddy you guys come on well
don't forget that thanks again in two
months but I'm pleased actually but
legit Sebastian is actually vlogging
right now on his super fancy schmancy
camera but if you want to see it right
here dude you you're wearing your own
merch you have merch Yeah right you what
I did I went on this night now like hey
I make my own version I'm going to buy
my over so I still get some money back
didn't no one else my your birth no one
else funniest thing I've ever heard
no but legit he's vlogging he almost
tased me want to show on the occasion we
have a Taser disciplinary knowledge just
as traumatized I think she's crying or
about us so our bodies a lot of food so
we thought we'd work out before to
really just burn calories you don't know
what's going on I'm about to squat you
babe that's what's going on I'm going to
have me Swami ma yeah oh my God look at
or on Facebook
all right here turn Swami Larry good
there's you one seemed so strong
Taco Tuesdays lay Sunday's Taco Sunday
he basically did gentlemen when you're
trying to get that Instagram say hello
to the vlog the jacket oh come in come
in come in come in can I live listen
bribe jet Drive in America catechize bit
okay
alright that's what we're headed guys
we're going to get ice cream you know
why because ice cream would I we all
scream well it looks like you're driving
come on I'm just going to try that on to
the first guys this wasn't a good idea
it's a wonderful idea I'm going to drive
that onto the street and the need to
address the what do you have you in
you call it like what is this light it
again finder just where are you I think
if we want to get ice cream in a decent
amount of time we should probably let
junk out then we won't have an appetite
by the time we get this you you are me
we're happy family with a great big hug
and I get to meeting you you degraded a
great yet amazing thank you I would have
continued just longer I'm so nice back
home yeah you got access Ches Ches Ches
so much because Ostrow night I started
going to the gym again some time to
reward my dog yo guys guess what yes is
driving it's at the house if you leave
it in reverse you can go straight there
guys was there a bull Oh doesn't work
yet you got a park it just don't I like
my chance
high-five oh I think that I found myself
a cheerleader baby have to put it back
in you have to put it back in so we can
have a my paper battle we didn't hear
that
we don't have lunch ever guess what uh
sebastian gets it off randomly today
hey guys look if you guys couldn't tell
I was in a stall or club announced okay
make sure to get Sebastian's words all
these before I need to use the port here
wait was that drone footage ladies and
gentlemen thank you Sebastian people
jumping and then I was something I
didn't I we totally weren't trying to
pry this a coordinated out trap Desalle
yeah and gabriel conte and fry guy by
the bottom
