what was the date of Almaty December
2016 but today what the day 15 finally
take another day another love sign
speaking of our son where is he Jack hey
where are you the check hey where is he
oh that's hot making the bed oh there's
our other son our sons are so cute all
right come on buddy
you too my I scare him the easiest okay
a few days ago I made a snapchat story
where I scared him if you saw that funny
thing about I'm an Instagram story too
I'm gonna oh you're saying you're the
new target to get scared yes was yeah I
know but it your way funnier
dude like let's instant replay that one
more time let's get the shallow it what
are you doing Mike we're leaving you're
not watching the TV we're going so we're
gonna be doing a challenge later today
we're doing the earth pain simulator
thing on Jacko because remember we said
we're gonna do it so we're gonna be
asking questions that you guys asked us
via Jess's tweet about our relationship
and seeing how good of a third wheel he
is so it's like a third wheel challenge
thing yeah with the consequence it's
gonna be great but we're gonna go out
first
I'd like to eat do a few things then
we're gonna come back and it's gonna be
Jack Oh what are you doing sitting down
again I'm gonna scare you just to get
you out of the door just go away
hi we out here sorry we're just crossing
the street my bad
vlogging subscribe
do that that was funny yeah if you
subscribe to you know okay it's actually
very hot outside right now don't know
happen la it's like hot out right now
shouldn't have worn this hoodie see that
things come in keep up to hear the
announcements and stuff
so at this price that you made your own
you literally like rate your own burger
and you market out also the drinks are
the size of our heads we're preparing
jackal for later today he has his third
wheel challenge that he's doing and
right now he's just you know sitting on
the other side of the table while we're
over here and loving it
you want some test questions name the
date that we first kissed really yeah
January are you closer Thank You airy
yeah except you're not gonna get Clues
like that when we're doing a show
26 May 26 one sec yeah we'll totally cut
out all the stuff before it then to make
it look like you got that question
really really quick yeah we're totally
gonna do it don't you 100% okay we just
finished eating and we're heading back
to the house now
oh wow I almost died off that's oh I see
what you did Jack oh dude I found your
Airbnb right there I was lost I lost
mine it's a jar it's a jar he loved oh
just keep out so wait oh no sweet you
like if you're reading this it's too
late too late for what to light your fun
down it's not too late to subscribe no
no dude you're just sitting there like
looking at your camera and I was just
like this is a perfect time to scarab
this is what he's doing right now
zooming in on his face so he was one of
those people that a photo posted photo
my I would go Varro but I'm not cuz I
have crappy eyes
you know how crappy eyes you have green
eyes are the color of pee and beans
no one likes beans brown alright guys we
are officially back and we are about oh
my word what are you doing for our stay
young kids you realize that our ages are
24 and 23 years old we act like we're 5
where are you what are you doing right
now
oh you know how Abby Jess so what are we
doing here we are going to quiz ass how
do you feel about that Jackie I'm scared
because this is electricity involved
this is true I don't even know the
questions about Giger little on YouTube
jess is so excited for this I could see
it on the face she's like she's going to
pick out all the questions - she's like
yes we're gonna shock I'm like curtsy
ready jack are you ready Jackson
greasier we're gonna shock you up but
first
blogs ago we used events on Gabe and it
was a simulator it was just absolutely
finding and we gonna be really funny if
jacker experience don't know 20 has a
weak stomach it is very hilarious and
now he's going to be a pain it will also
be hilarious there's going to jump right
into it no testing we're gonna have some
questions in shop this is now a
consequence rather than just a test so
we're gonna ask him that you guys asked
us on twitter follow us on Twitter one
just really bad
into oh it's gonna be really good here
we go guys okay question number one yes
ibn Jasper yeah good job
oh are you nervous yes question numero
two when did Jason gave have that first
kiss oh we just review they said in the
wall people know it is you simply does
not have a confederate yeah what day was
it what was the date of outwitting
he was the emcee at the wedding he
should know more servers 2016 was like
November October 20 December was
December what is your final but today
was the day
finally yeah you're fine dawn you sound
so Australian right now
Oh guys that was so funny and that was
the funniest reaction ever you're like
oh do you want to know what the right
answer was to that question to December
December 18
well story title what level do we start
on your arms 10 is gonna be nothing
sorta 6-8 I hope the show don't go I
told you other name now how about these
tethers no way
sure you got to give me something out of
10 that successfully if you get fired
if you get 5 out of time ok let's go in
all of the songs and albums Oh both ep's
Oh perfect buy a shirt yeah cuz you just
heard that one
you hear that the last vlog outro broken
road well they will do you know 3
talk peridot you can listen down on
iTunes in sauna my links in the
description
well no I'm not thinking about it
because of that like you told me and can
you put down you need two more bro
do you give up I don't want to do that
cuz I'm scared yeah you don't know okay
level six three two what the heck no I
did the six that was weird
couldn't you control what the heck all
right we're doing on the arms ladies and
gents cash one season where did Justin
gave go on that one
well that we kind of had to honey Tom
you went to Florida
final answer good job I said last one
yeah just making sure they're only lots
of air I'm good are you ready oh can you
bro he's sweating so badly
how you feeling like what are Jess's and
Gabe's shoes James 10 11 I'll finance be
easily
yeah less violence is that correct just
wasn't anatomic that's correct you have
to say the final design
good effort good effort what I never
want to say that like people I'm
sleeping and you put that on me to wake
me up
not happy I just talking about ID I'm
locking my doors but we hope you guys
enjoyed that that was freakin funny for
us not for this guy but we enjoyed it
justice trying it out real quick just
putting it on like a really small level
and then she's just doing it on her back
yeah I hate it
what's that what levels that on it just
feels like really bad pins and needles
yeah it's really weird
doesn't feel like pins news if you like
someone's like it feels like someone is
he felt so much more than what you felt
babe did he turn it up where'd you put
it up Oh way to be a sport thanks for
the content it's so funny you come from
Australia we're gonna use you for views
and I wanted it to like swing around and
like pretend like I'm going like this
okay alright as we're about to film
something on Jacko's channel and it's
gonna be anyway we're filming something
on Jackie and also make sure go check
that out
subscribe to be a part of the best team
on the Internet the Khan team this is
the first time something no one knows
about this so be ready for that
announcement very soon Lisa also like
the video peace out and Gabriel and
Jackie Conti
this song
gentleman so slowly when 50
