we just took it the greatest snapchat
face well I guess you could say of all
look at how unbelievable that is it's
scary how good it is actually so if you
want to see it you can add me on
snapchat gabriel conte or on twitter
gabriel con flood plus plus plus you
want to follow Jess - you can if you
have liked for this hi Wow she doesn't
need your follow everyone was saying
Gabe's always like offal around this so
let me listen I don't do that I'm always
like that that's like in the past one
and a half long in the past like 30
vlogs okay but anyway guys I want you to
say hi to myself this justin by present
my show go check it out not my show I'm
part of it I'm part of the show I'm in
the show another plug anyway where are
we going again seems like every day
we're going to feel about I get like
text notifications of when we get a new
package and stuff like that every day
we've been getting package whether it be
from like one of you guys or national
package that we're expecting so we never
know what we're getting in the mailbox
every day but we go check on it but
today we're going to go it's going to be
Jeff I don't want don't mind you condone
it Lee oh so late oh here we go high
five guys guess what
another day another blog oh sorry hey
world guess what another day another
blow yes everyone we're talking to you
people right there so not only did we
have two packages right there we had
three that is some my mum and dad it's
just stuff from Aldi gland that we
needed to ship over some of my stuff
including any reckless potato
that's going to be no one know what your
card is okey-dokey stuff dog it just
legit preyed on the way for the Ola she
was like I've heard that there's dogs we
got four dogs and the walk is like two
seconds nonetheless America god bless
babe open it what's in the box what's in
the box what's in the box
lick no way that is so funny that your
mom wrapped everything in Christmas oh
look it's it mrs. mixed up and Oh
Clinton Oh lit it's adapt tap tap
I don't know one oh my what is it what
is it what is bubble wrap my favorite
what are you happy about me record what
your new Justin Bieber record I got that
one last energy this one's cool - let me
come the other Justin Bieber records but
this one's actually cool I'm excited for
that which one's this went purpose I was
like oh let's get the purpose CD sing
album sing vinyl but then I was like do
I really want this picture of Justin
Bieber spinning in my house like this
that we all sad bring your mom and Sam
Smith and then this guy is Australian oh
yeah okay
hey Jeff no Sam go what do we have here
look at that now if you don't remember
in the vlog where we went and saw Cassie
we gave her one of these and told you
guys that there were two more that we
were going to give away some of you guys
how are we going to do this so what you
have to do is if you want to win it you
have to comment down below make sure to
include your Twitter handle because we
need to be mu you don't you go to the
handle that we can't DME basically
comment why you should get one of these
in my life and work to use yeah just do
a funny comment or whatever and go down
and start liking the ones do you think
you're funny because we will be going
through the ones with the most likes and
picking two out to send yes to make sure
that you read the comments and like the
ones that you like Jonna yes Babbage
basically with your jokes and stuff the
heck was that the dry out is well as
wide so all you have to do is comment
your Twitter handle and why do you want
to win and then will be mu and it
doesn't matter where you're always going
to you anyway and there's a lot so if
you want to see like how sexy these
candles are I'll give you a sneak
preview yum-yum
the day and 13th of the shelves because
that's how we write it you must yet oh
yeah and Australia it is the day the
month than the year we're in America had
be 12 1860 and I don't think we even
explained because we don't know what the
candle is and this um bigot that we gave
to the people that attended our wedding
we had a few extra so we thought good
few good so that date is our wedding
will probably announce the winner in the
next love all the low boxes
ah
oh really you get me I was waiting at
the site oh that's what you get her
trying to scare me oh yeah Jess can you
uh can you drive for me this is the
Ketchum there you are madam was uh okay
yep and she takes the camera guys I
don't know it's um no no no way to think
of a really good song
Oh
mary had a little lamb little lamb
little mary had a little lamb whose
fleece was white as snow my gosh I
forget the word I need that phone guys
would you say mess up I'm getting bad at
it what do you think this one I just
couldn't think of a song laughing so
funny - jingle that was the funniest
thing it works so perfect they were done
shopping now no we are in love shopping
with me well yes enough I like shopping
for about like no.4 I like shopping for
about our max know I can uh now uh okay
nice 45 minutes let's stay hot now no no
like 45 minutes I'm good just keeps
walking around by the time I'm done I'm
efficient go win pop rock everything I
need to get I'm out of there by the time
I'm done shopping just still hasn't even
looked at a single thing that she was
thinking about so I sit around like this
the whole time on my phone or like
pillow talk to smile sometimes
I go into the dressing room and just
take a nap in there without the people
know he's making this up okay that part
of me but the rest of it I'm just
indecisive so I take a bit longer a bit
and then when his stuff is done he
doesn't stay patient you for so long
patient when I'm so patient
what what in the bowl that I was
thinking like yo guess let's log while
we're in the mall it might be funny but
we actually came here to get some stuff
and just won't get any of those things
appropriation it's like if I'm lugging
I'm just going to be a success basically
we're going to go shopping but first
coffee oh yeah Jess we're going to need
to go on the escalator found you
actually came up with all right guys
I'll admit it I came up with that pun is
my pun I'm very blog conscious like when
we have when I have a joke to say I'll
take Jess pause I turn on the camera
then I say the joke because it's funny
for me okay
fingered vomited alone my house isn't
just the cutest human being Edgar in the
whole world and just kind of take my
stuff a hundred oh my car
I left Jeff in the store to pick out her
shoes she didn't know what you want from
Starbucks I was like I'm going to
Starbucks and I'm picking a drink for
you there you are madam lose oh you're
welcome
cheers babe
oh my gosh cat burglar
embarrassment myself affirm the whole
tour and whatever I don't get this about
makeup right there's all these pens that
look exactly the same
and just as drawing them on their hand
if you'd be different but they're all
doing the exact same thing what it's
literally all the same shade I love
shopping can you make decisions with a
camera on you guys she found what she
needed pretty paper I was like standing
in here I don't know if this dude is in
here anymore but he was like I'm staying
with you while you're looking at stuff
there's another guy and he was looking
at some hours behind we made eye contact
and I was looking at him and I was like
I feel you girl now that we are finally
out of we're still vlogging which is a
good sign
I asked gels I kind of go outside and
sit down and she was like oh well you
could say but this is literally what I
want what I want to I've come to talk
with you again are we finished shopping
positive
we finished shopping like seven no I
think it's eight o'clock so we've been
shopping for a while oh man my brain
hurt
yeah my feet well we got some of you
guys in there you guys are awesome to
love we did Cayman Cayman Jaco burger
merch let's go cuddle I hate that so
much I think it's a funniest thing like
her face squishes especially when she's
trying to talk try and talk and say
something pretend to sign off the block
okay guys thanks for watching anyway
anyway you can cuddle me nicely make
sure you comment down below um a chance
to win it what about wedding candles oh
yeah lit and sums up the ones that you
want to win because we'll be going
through the ones with a lot of thumbs up
and what are you doing laughter better
thank you
I legit like I'll be laying down be like
oh I suburban I have to sit up and burn
I think I have a problem where I'm
laying down a camper like we'll be
laying in bed I know enough which on the
laptop or something and I'll be like
wait pause another I'll pause it and
then just wash it up that Burpo that I'm
lay back see I'm sorry is like actually
thinking about what you do what you do
to be watching something and you just go
love you guys the in the next video like
and subscribe to play peace out from Jen
and gabriel conte we had it that time
baby sort of laughing are you laughing
what is different here is different
resonant peace out you like peace no
three cute one piece Jesus well why is
that what is so funny I do I do the
peace sign every time any three two one
peas out from jazzy rule kynzie
