I got it I need national followed by
myself another day and I'm looking oh
I'm just watching a public announcement
Eliza basically I am blogging by myself
right now not for the entire world but
for right now because dave is not
feeling very well
he's actually in bed resting which is
really sad I hate hoping for myself but
pretty much Gabe isn't feeling very good
right now so I am running some errands
for myself
yeah I am going to up two books right
now I think we had two packages to pick
up and I think one is really really cool
so we'll probably show you guys on the
blog so I went to be a blog and there
are so many letters and we only checked
it like yes today over there before and
we also have this package which we both
know what is inside oh this is such a
bad building angle analysis I hopefully
gave it to me a little bit I'm really
sad that he feels sick I can't turn this
off because my Englishman and made it
back inside and let me sadist and I
suppose it would be I told them that we
know what it is you don't know but they
don't
he's not well I mean it's a little
overwhelming look at all of these we'll
let it there's so many thank you guys so
much it's really thoughtful delicious
thank you for this this you guys putting
me in a good mood
oh there avail and you guess what it
would be
I'm actually about to think of Wow good
shot Jess and gabriel conte okay oh I
don't getting is good letter
communication you've done something very
new YouTube creators accomplished and
that is let's just shake them let it end
no subscriber point that is so excited
you let Justin Gabriel congratulations
worship
passing 100,000 subscribers you look so
funny in the reflection of that psycho
yeah laughter that is very cool yeah we
have to put it in the office or
something am I gonna open all of these
no we're going to do some of the mail
now so many letters there's over 30
letters that you guys sent that since we
last check two days ago just crazy
thank you guys listen to a bookmark in
bracelet I needed a bookmark for my
Bible and a next day
yeah just real verse Peter 4:8 someone
gave us this heart casing thing and when
you open it it's a letter inside that I
just read a pan they're pictures of us
she cut out pictures with them inside
one he gave us a poem pretty oh yeah we
appreciate it we appreciate you guys a
lot you guys just made members off
- laughs let her we just read through
all of them they were really sweet yeah
you guys are back Riza this girl's on
the side of her holding the letter she
sent how is it how this when I hear
let's not put her return address on this
is a lot of exercise I was doing the
last letter
mr. and mrs. Kohl period Simmons you get
so much but everything nation I'll
arrest some guys it up someone sent us
this Starbucks gift card and she said my
useless - what's he saying you did for
your next - coffee you want to drive -
Sara and I invented cross not really
busy breath well we can make a very
roundabout way of getting there we could
just make right all the ways we haven't
left yet for just to drive enough to get
coffee but we're making sandwiches in
our new sandwich makeover this look at
my sandwich all lit lit lit lit lit I
don't want don't want your condo made up
let's see we're family now so we do
things like cook sandwiches together and
stuff you know why we do that it's lit
yeah we are family
our mothers brothers sisters and me I
don't want no one just shows how excited
you are today okay
she walked out right when we were right
next to Jeff from your target is what I
was going to say was that Jeff show us
how excited you are to drive in LA
rhythm how excited your
I didn't say what for thank you dr. Jeff
my god what's the song for today guys
jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the
way oh what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh hey
oh look at that what a cutie hothead
using the fun
geez you wanna be quiet that's why
excited again good started saying
something I was like wait I say do it
did you actually sing it you hang the
real thing how does it feel it feels
good to be a gangster and pack your liar
you liar liar liar you la oh yeah you
lie that is the time to do it oh yeah
you and I echo so but I don't know if
you'll be able to hear that echoed very
loudly
I'm meant to be driving Wow
we suck at this alright
but you're gonna want to do is that one
yeah that's a good luck burp right there
what you're gonna wanted you can put the
crown over a clot what okay we have this
fancy schmancy thing right here to
reverse camera oh my gosh what amazing
we're literally going one thousandth of
a mile per hour
oh my god oh my god I'm doing it oh my
gosh I'm getting out right now if you
are going to scare me I'm getting you
and Kelleen inside no no no no good
let's go this way
you're not scaring me I could have ran
him over look you're going one
thousandth of a mile per hour talk to me
no I have to instruct you yes
and do not scare me all right okay I'm
sorry about me I hear you from it I
promise that I'll be a great instructor
and that you won't scare me unserious
right now it has to not have to they'll
enjoy it I'm gonna pull any okay okay
okay what yeah say it say it come on I
have a fare you be the safety and for my
hot and for my feelings that sounds
scary but thank you now I'm already
scaring myself I'm kidding I'm serious
I didn't cross my fingers I just did it
to be funny I actually promise I promise
that I actually promise I don't know how
to drive right now is really close to
that well the Toyotas can you just pull
away from the wall got the hell the wall
doesn't move you can move got it you got
it you got it you got it you got it you
got it all lit all lit all lit all lit
don't hit those Christmas trees right
there boom look at that oh my god having
really scared I'm gradually on the road
that's what happens when you're in a car
I'm literally
okay why are you laughing you have to
wait for you go go go but I can't fit
you can fit content you just alright I'm
doing it you're good I'm not going on
that main road you have to that's the
only way to go all right
there is harmony real cause it's there's
not patekar sends it up you got it oh my
god oh my god okay I think you drifted
I'm actually nervous because last last
time we drove in America we weren't on a
road dis busy he want to show you we got
to keep driving the driving lesson has
not stopped in really I thought New Age
stuff such as eat speed is a drug and we
don't do that the speed is following it
slow something you know I'm half of the
time that is going oh my gosh I'm really
seeing you're actually going ten miles
under the speed limit that's okay that's
okay if you get up to 40 you'll be doing
the speed limit isn't going to take a
left turn
because right turns are easier she
refuses to take a look there right there
I can't drive instance I can't do it you
are in my collar I'm literally going you
did it hey zero there's nobody on this
round doing it on highlight all right I
know going on a highway right you want
to go in highway know you want to know
it may be alright if you want we in a
charge
you're literally driving oh the game
guys right here without like you're hot
going out of control
my heart always going out of control are
you going crazy
want to come oh you just switch lanes
yes
found it babe both hands on the steering
wheel pub
now all you have to wait for is the
desperate lady with a baby don't hit her
we don't want to hit you ladies there's
two right there right when you said it
oh my gosh there's legit two dogs right
there to study thank you Mrs Millie I
can see so right there good put it in
park emergency brake good job you did it
what I'm so proud of you you drove like
all main roads and a pretty busy time
thanks Ron traumatic actually so let's
kinda Cara but first coffee are you good
getting out of the car like I was
 right I've got a baby yeah like
leukemia was like okay that's good all
right okay we're back you're back by us
guard so thank you for the coffee
we need another package unboxing it says
fetch what is inside this surprise
package oh my gosh what is it look how
much bubble round
oh no way what you just got coffee mugs
really I think so a gift from someone
buzz I'm Jasmine Jasmine thank you so
much for the game so much that is so
legit let's check out these mugs and
this pink one a tree you know pink is
Gatsby okay that's rasa I'm just making
sure
ah another day another vlog that is 30
let's say that is because the same
things but in bubble wrap
look at that thank you for the gift
Johnson that is awesome sorry legit just
two coffee gifts one is actual coffee
I'm wanted
you want to take the coffee and pour it
into the mug right now that's freaking
through that anyone I'm doing it had a
stronger music there's any germs in
there cowboy I would watch them while
using it but James just want to drink I
have a strong immune systems yes all
right here's my latte I like you a lot a
clever I'm going to clean this out and
that is why I do the dishes beautiful
more I think about this the more thing
about how disgusting this mug might
actually be Jasmine this one for you
ready
another day another moolah wait I gotta
say it to Jasmine this one's for you and
I got a day another vlog Oh anyway Thank
You jasmine so I think so what change
remember to like and subscribe and all
that stuff that we usually don't say in
blogs so do it but yeah thank you guys
for watching we love all your guys
support you guys are amazing the guy in
a lettuce
Emma yeah just a letters up we got that
I really showed how much you guys care
about what we do and we want to let you
guys know that we care about you guys
and we've had everything - Lenna and we
really appreciate it and you guys are
all so amazing I don't know what your
condo needed up so guess what Pisa okay
I didn't know you guys I thought we were
gonna flow light into ending and not
mess up and that did not happen
peace out friends yet and gabriel conte
I guess I wanted the old onion juice out
from jet and gabriel conte
okay
