so uh another day love look who it is
yo welcoming I don't even know what to
do I'm feeling so squats back and we're
about to go to the beach a little beach
day and then Jess and I are going to
we're actually go into that roof you
know that 360 oh yes I have had to knit
it before I like spins around when
you're 18 so you guys but yeah we're
going to this it's like a tower that
goes really high and you can see like
all up sitting it's a 360 restaurant
it's just like spins and you just see
crazy view you can't even couldn't be
jocks before I get e slime on hashtag
Mike albums that was actually just a
coincidence I had no idea my Calvin
favored you wearing your cousin's dress
how do you get a brand deal hey Jess are
you from Tennessee because you're the
only ten eyes babe I was trying to make
a shot of your old man knows a good one
thanks bro off to the beach beach let's
go get away get away
way Wow look at all this it's gonna lit
you know he's a good friend when he pays
for you oh oh is that paying for Jess
though what feels good to be against a
real gangster have you had a third wheel
in this relationship
apparently hold my hand
I just realize that you just kissed
yourself we've made it to the beach
mirtha Bondi beer are always going
famine but we decided that our goal for
the day out of all these out of all
these people on the beach here one of
them has to like him we're finding Jacko
girlfriend today so we have to do you
have her in a trap uh yeah one 227 all
right that leaves us with a lot of a lot
of room
the success rate should be high excuse
me do you want to be as his girlfriend
would you like to be his girl they
really like you jr. lie on the beach
I'll do a few sit-ups and then I'll get
a girlfriend you want to be his
girlfriend that's probably not the right
way to get it go so what is it coming
close to three weeks of marriage yeah
two and a half weeks of marriage
am I getting fat but I definitely am I
getting I think marriage is getting both
we would both pregnant if jackal I think
our marriage is getting me fat your
marriage is really taking its toll on me
I'm just eating and crying cause I'm so
depressed that I think I'm pregnant how
do you even do that with pregnant but
then go back in see I just don't
understand how that even work I asked
gave to put my shirt on her crop top I
really can't see Topshop crop top part
of my hat hair right now hey Jess yeah
are you from Tennessee is your Lea
eternity because you're the only ten us
ok can you stand up now I'm not standing
up or just like this Wow I'm taking this
off hi guys
oh hi this is in my camera a legit
thought it was more no way no way didn't
even have your camera you know that's
what's so we update we're just chilling
except jackal had to take so my gosh
babe stop tickling me don't I will I
will tickle torture you yes I will
guys watch me no you're not watching no
no no I way here from tiger well he
wrote you get it was the funniest thing
right so we asked jack gonna take some
photos of us it's like one of those
memes that's like you know you're the
third wheel when you're taking pictures
for your phase like couple the tumblr
pictures and people
who takes these photos of like these
couples kissing Jack who was that person
yeah no one knows that behind the scenes
of all those amazing couple photos is a
third wheel just getting no credit for
it it's okay jack one day someone will
take a photo of me and my invisible
girlfriend he's right there and I don't
know before accidentally we want someone
to take a picture of Jack May taking
each other yeah cuz it would be the
funniest photo ever yeah maybe we should
ask we need to ask someone to be your
girlfriend but we could also ask her if
she could take up to be a little
girlfriend no okay you want a good photo
but he'd say hey in three two one
what's up guys welcome to the vlog
okay so the girls who just came and said
hey to uh thank you guys for coming to
hit we love saying hey view guys if you
see us a public don't be afraid to say
hey cuz we love meeting my guys but
those girls we made them take the fugu
 we made them take the third wheel
photo just check it out of my Instagram
if you are leaving the beach and we have
2d sand our towel teamwork makes a dream
where that girl just woke up on let's
get it nice nice but what else is new
with the third wheel does real I'll come
through karriesue oh yeah I forgot here
take it but I'm gonna have to bleep out
what you said oh it carries all the ish
yeah City yeah but you said gotta say
bye to Jacko now
around me are familiar faces worn out
places worn out faces All Right see you
tomorrow man right how's your bagel it's
good I'm just filling it all right okay
I'll keep talking it let me turn this
way to get that lighting oh that
lighting null so on our way back we're
like let's be healthy and get price
juice never done that before you go as a
store get these pressed juice things and
we're like oh yeah they'll be normal
price a few bucks maybe 10 bucks apiece
for these things we we just dropped $20
for two smoothies so these better be
good okay you ready to try this thing I
tell them what we got
really exacting nothing exact same one
there are any ups - it has orange
promise promise rinic raspberry and
turmeric no idea what tumeric is but she
said it won't taste it so I think we're
good okay it doesn't smell that better
not smell bad if you pay $10 it's gonna
be thick cheers Cheers
talk about Pope yeah holy Pope that's
good done you know for $10 taste is like
good but not the best but I'm better I
gotta be getting healthy as crap
drinking this thing if I paid 10 bucks
for this thing
oh my gosh yeah dang it
oh you still made me something she knows
did you like really quiet
I was like wow he'd be going down says
oh he's gonna blow you know me too well
babe what time is it if Jess would hurry
up and finish her makeup the kidding
babe I'm just messing with me buck I'll
help you dear you really trust me right
yes do you know where that guy's new
what that is on your cheeks yes really
it's so like right here yeah cheek bones
oh my gosh
Bob is this good would that be a lot of
days what there's what girls do right
it's our day okay no I'm not I do not
want to ruin the night for you like
giving you horrible makeup I just think
yeah look who's finally ready
I'd be down awakening love Oh liars
you guys want to say hey to the vlog yes
Matt the Kiska oh yeah we won with water
right so just kind of forgot her rings
again I didn't forget my rings I took
them up come in to the beach today of
course I'm gonna win I'm finding me
sound bad I don't know of course I don't
even mind because babe look hold this
it's gonna put them on the right way I
don't even mind because then I get to do
this over again
hey Jess
I do we got married again wait someone
just thought we got engaged a lady
looking pot so second congratulations
okay so we just got dropped off and we
are headed up there we're gonna be at
the top of that thing eating and you
know what it's gonna be
whoa whoa whoa wait gotta get into the
elevator and we checked in and in fact
security they have like a scanner thing
there it's like nice security I kind of
feel important for once in my life check
it out this way this is just and that's
insane
and it's slowly spinning around we'll
set up justice finally do it fine we're
headed back down whoa what is that
are we waving no way we're saying hi to
other people through this camera that is
so funny okay that's like kind of creepy
but kind of cool wait that's not what
the heck that's pretty good
thank you for us that is awesome we just
finished that dinner it was great except
that really fancy so we don't know how
to eat our food and tunics
nauseous from spinning around it goes
slowly but you kind of get nauseous / -
yes
Gabe's just gone into he wanted me to
pass on a message she wanted to let you
guys sorry that she is really
embarrassed because of how lame is and
we just wanted me to tell you guys that
he's really sorry for being such he's
going to try and work from it he's going
to try and make funnier jokes but he's
really embarrassed so just don't say
anything to him just be really sensitive
and kind to him because it's really
embarrassing is not the very funny
person we just had a chat about it be
really sensitive and kind towards him
because he's just really embarrassed at
how lame he is we just walked up walked
out I was like she just is making me not
watch that I want to watch that clip so
Jess isn't feeling good so what you now
- you were talking to them yeah I
wouldn't know you're not letting me
watch it okay well feel fine now okay
I'm sorry
peace out from jiggly and giggly get
these out from Johnny peace out what
peace out from jet and gabriel conte
peace out and gabriel conte
if it
