you wanted to scare me okay you want me
to go back so you can scare me okay okay
I'm coming down aah
we are back in Elmer we're back in LA
got back at like midnight last night
another day another vlog that's it again
another day another blog but first ah
you're not even drinking a coffee you're
drinking a chai tea I'm I'm drinking
martinis chai tea latte so one of our
first orders of business was to check
the PIO box this morning we woke up very
jet-lagged but we set an alarm we're
like we're not sleeping till 3:00 p.m.
we're gonna wake up and be efficient
with our time be efficient with our day
got coffee and check the peel box and
this was the aftermath we got this crazy
big package right here she came in the
mail you guys after a month of being
away there's a lot of stuff granted the
majority of it is this package which is
from Jess's mom so I wouldn't exactly
call that fan mail I guess you could
call it fan mail she's a fan but yeah we
got like tons of letters from you guys
can't wait to open them and read them
all
lit but we'll open it later because
you're gonna go have breakfast and go to
our favorite place in the whole world
target because we need to get some stuff
for the house like clothes hangers for
justice new clothes because she's
officially moved no web said the same
time and the reason why we're going to
target is because we need to get a few
things because see she's a fit no no you
have to come stand up she's a fish guys
she's a fish because she is okay because
she's officially moved in okay so this
is now my apartment - that is our
apartment not just mine anymore give it
a couple days it'll be pink oh he's back
oh look at this what is he doing oh this
could be the start of something new
feels so right to be here
Oh and now look at Minnie yes looks like
that was really good
what dance was that guess the dance
you'll see I was singing to do what I
just said so he's about to drive in the
foot I'm about to drive for the first
time and we're gonna say 800 years yeah
yeah they're about to drive for the
first time in forever yeah but this
doesn't even feel weird like I feel
normal I feel weird because I always
feel weird being on this side after
being in Australia for so long I mean we
talked about hope good my car smells
after not being here for a thousand
years I'm not about 800 years it was
only 800 years of you I can't even talk
right now yeah the Sun isn't - if you
like this white girl lighting anyway so
there was one place I was super excited
to go when we were coming back to LA and
I was like yo I'm so excited to come
back here it's gonna be lit you know
where we are
what did you do to target to target
ladies and gentlemen welcome to to to to
to to to to to to target sorry
pedestrians right people it's game plan
what else do we need from Target we have
up adjoined hangers I mean even a
bajillion bins baggage bag garbage bags
and I think we need some Legos and some
stuff for the we definitely know why not
know there we a lookout
I'm growing up yeah yeah exactly so I
need some stuff to keep us young and
like the tickle-me-elmo right there babe
I think we need we do not feel
lightsabers okay fine then let's get
that life-sized Darth Vader yeah we
should get onesies yo you want to go see
what one sees the house guys I think we
need onesies
we're getting one see it's getting a
little tired jet lag is really really
kicking it yeah okay three two one yeah
three two one yeah um we still want to
get onesies you can't find them so we're
gonna try and ask someone there's gonna
be really disappointing if Target
stopped selling onesies I will not be
happy about it say beliefs do we want to
join my theme I was like I was like Jess
how about this one right here this one
says home sweet home and just was like
no someone else has that on our floor in
our apartment
get back oh wow that is pretty cool I
like that goodbye that way you want that
one pretty little goodbye hello goodbye
hello goodbye hello but nothing I'm so
tired
Wow I mean town we are going to find
once he's pronto I need a new onesie in
my life
she's so gentle she's just like I'll be
talking her and that she goes
Jessie good you okay I need to nap
target doesn't have any onesies
what a mess
seems like it's been forever
I'm getting it okay first thing first
things first I'm the realest Gabe was
just driving on the left side of the
road pulled out of the parking spot in
the parking lot I was on the left side
there's a car behind me and I'm pretty
sure I got judged very hard and I was
trying to tell him to but I'm so tired I
was like oh second thing we met a couple
of you in target yeah but we were tired
I feel like you better than me
well I felt like a zombie we're showing
shot Larry bad I felt like we were
sleeping with having food I was trying
to like wake myself up internally like
hey gotta work back because she's a
little sick um it is nighttime many
hours later camera died we couldn't vlog
anything like we're doing the rest of
the day jet lag is very heavy but we are
still going to open the letters and
stuff so uh we decided to order some
pizza for while we open these but first
let me take out my Invisalign mmm I
don't think we'll have time to read
every single letter oh yeah on the vlog
we're gonna read every single letter
just it would be way too long for the
wall so okay Amanda from New Jersey
Thank You Shane up from New Jersey Thank
You Colleen and Jenny Christian from
California freaking in Arizona Asia from
Lancashire and Lancashire my curtain
link nice we gave you suck at this
Catelynn from Caroline Abbey from
Pennsylvania Justine from California
Dean Massey from Virginia and then there
were a few of you guys you sent letters
that we are going to open but you can
put there's no names on the outside so
we don't know who they're from
yet we will soon let me open them so
thank you guys so much for the letters
Cameron yeah we're gonna read all them
just off
now I'm going to open the packages from
I apologize for us stuffing our faces
inform you guys on camera we're just
super hungry gotta be a good idea to eat
in films and open packages at the same
time and I'm now really realizing that
that was a bad idea because you can't
understand anything we're saying I mean
let's just do not Bend so it's probably
important dinner ornaments okay I don't
use any one hand because I'm covered in
pizza sauce what look at this no way
that is so cool
but first coffee that is so sick cool
it's just a little send it to us she saw
it while Christmas shopping it
immediately
that is the coolest thing more pizza Wow
whoa what is this it's a treat
yeah I know but like what's inside it
looks like cut up bits of a book what
book I thought there were all like Bible
verses nothing oh that's so sick you
really can't this is really cool it's
lit not really but figuratively little
miss yeah we totally miss Christmas
because we were we were getting married
or something I guess I'm something
ridiculous like the whole dang this
package was like a long letters already
see something I know I'm gonna love
really so this is a really long letter
which we will read off-camera but it's
like how five printed pages looks really
cool they put like pictures in Mesa
that's from a guy named Josh she
included High School Musical stickers
Oh another one mm along in these are
some of her favorite Bible boxes right
rheumatism don't take these I love High
School Musical by the way guys I do
everyone was early everyone knows that
this is so cool Japan one index card
yeah that's what I did it's awesome
you better grab that time keyboard makes
a dream work and you have Pizza ready
cool 3 2 1 okay a lot of like legit a
Christmas gift yeah
I have pizza all over my hands on the
waitress are you ready yeah you got
Christmas gifts after Christmas you know
it's lit when you got Christmas gifts
after Christmas thank you very much
hmmmm it's more wrapping good one while
this gift is technically for Jess we
thought it would make gay black limo so
merry Christmas to you both do you want
be someone oh it's a shirt that says
it's lit its lit thank you when you
don't get a gift your mom's on his
family I don't really want to open this
one on camera it's really big but it's
just a filming like it's a ring light
total circle lights except that I've
been no justice gifts Jessa's gift from
her mom for Christmas
hmm down opening the packages oh my gosh
jet lag sucks yeah coming back going to
Australia is fine coming back from
Australia it's so rough completely
blocking you Jess but it doesn't matter
cuz I only want them to see me this
morning was good I get it Wow
good bye 3 2 1
please out from Nick no I don't even say
it
oh my gosh Kisha Wow I would say too
late peace out
and gabriel conte goodnight
