don't hold this cuz my arm will get so
okay so today is something special I'm
really excited for me too we got this
Lana in my pari box a couple weeks ago
and it kind of touched our heart yeah
really did it was such a sweet letter
just read it to me
the first time I read it I was a mess
I was crying so much yeah then she
ratted me I started crying I'm expecting
to cry again maybe read it the girls
sent to it to us lives very close by we
thought it'd be cool to visit her today
and actually right after the wedding
while we were on her honeymoon
j9 J dizzle Jessa's mom took us some
about wedding cake yeah which was really
cool um and we really wanted to hang out
with her too before we went back to the
States
mm-hmm so gonna do that today but I'll
read you the love sheet we we've been
talking her and she we just wanted to be
sensitive about reading the letter and
everything like that and we asked her if
it was okay and if we could vlog and
everything like that she was like yeah
close yeah so it's all fine hey Jess my
name is Cassie and I live locally in
Brisbane and I'm absolutely in love with
your channel I think that you are so
incredibly gifted and blessed and it
makes me so happy to know that you are
so contempt with your life and that you
have an incredible fiance who provides
you with so much happy to love and
happiness I'm basically writing this
letter to you because I want you in
Gabriel to know that your videos that
you post on YouTube I've made a lot of
dark days brighter for me this year I
graduated high school and fell head over
heels in love with the most incredible
boy named Luke Spalding my boyfriend
Luke was diagnosed with cancer when he
was just 14 years old
Luke was diagnosed with desmo plastics
small round cell tumor with a life
expectancy of 5% survival rate after one
year of having that cancer Luke was the
only person in Australia with this
cancer and one of 60 people in the world
to have it Luke went into remission for
six months in 2014 but that's shortly
been broken with a relapse not long
after his relapse Luke and I crossed
paths and my goodness did I fall
head-over-heels for this boy he was an
18 year old race car driver who was
juggling kids
it sucks but this year his cancer has
gotten really bad really quickly January
14 we rushed him into hospital and
within a week found out that he had
pancreatic pancreatic that it which was
caused by a new tumor in his pancreas
due to this he had to have radiation to
try and reduce the size of the tumor in
his abdomen but while having scans for
his radiation to new treatments came up
positive located in his liver it breaks
my heart talking about everything he
went through this year it kills you when
the one you love is in so much pain
which can't be healed from January 14 up
until now we spent a total of one month
out of hospital
Luke was sick and in hospital most of
the year and I didn't leave his side
some say that having cancer is a massive
flaw and I was openly judged by many
people about why am i staying in a
relationship with a boy that's got
cancer I stayed because the cancer was a
part of our relationship and it made us
us it was tough I'd stay at the hospital
three week nights and leave to go to
school the next morning at 6 a.m. make
it to school by 8 a.m. and then drive
straight to the hospital after school
and do this on repeat for 3 weeknights
on a Friday when school finished at 3
p.m. I Drive from thorn lands into
Brisbane City to stay at the hospital
all weekend
it easily became my new normal August
23rd Luke was rushed into hospital with
a blocked bowel on September 7th he was
discharged and sent home which we all
found to be such a blessing up until we
found out that the reason he was being
discharged was so he could have some
peace because he was undeclared as
terminal and had about three weeks
prognosis left of living before his
cancer took over his body ten days later
he lost his battle September 17th
this year Luke lost this battle and
passed away in his sleep in the early
hours of the morning with his family and
myself holding his hands as we watched
him take his last breath my heart is
beyond shotted the feeling of knowing
that the person we planned to live your
entire life with has died
and that your dream is now impossible is
well and truly the most heartbreaking
moment attending the viewing of the boy
that has brought me so much happiness
was like a kick in the heart but the
feeling of having to attend your own
boyfriend's funeral who is just 18 years
young is the worst feeling I could even
describe I've had so many dark days
where I just locked myself in my room
and don't want to deal with anything but
honestly watching your videos takes my
mind off the hurt that I'm feeling
seeing two people that love each other
just as much as Luke and I loved makes
me feel like everything's going to be
somewhat okay again one day so thank you
for making one heartbreaking girl feel
that even though my world is crashing
down around me
it isn't as broken as I think it is and
that it's going to be a cake and one day
soon I wish you and Gabriel nothing but
love and happiness lots of love Cassie
she put in some pictures of them too
yeah so we got this letter and it really
touched us and we really wanted to go
visit her and that's what we're gonna do
so we're gonna go pick her up and take
up only the bowling gonna be good I'm
gonna have lots of fun so we thought
we'd vlog and take you guys it yeah it's
gonna be good day another day another
load turn dog I um don't wonder why it's
late but first except I've already had
two today so I might just gotta teach
she's DMing kasi to see if we should
pick something up for her but let's go
to get some coffee
she has puppies and I'm so excited to
say that oh and we have this candle this
candle was uh not this one candle we got
a bunch of these candles that have
Justin gave Cartier wedding get our
wedding gift to people who came to the
wedding
we've got a few left over and we're
gonna give her one we have one for us
for our apartment in LA and then we have
a little giveaway that we aren't sure
when we're gonna do yet as we're just
trying to move to America yeah we will
do it soon
when we are back to the stage yeah so
you could win that little thingamabob it
actually smells so good oh gosh an ice
would be awesome an ice she's gonna meet
us in fact Jess and I have never been
pulling together yet we have it we have
it we're both pretty competitive people
and but one thing I didn't know about
Jess is that you care to explain I'll
only play if the bump
excuse me that is not real bowling it is
a big place at the bump is on mister I
used to all he doesn't play with bumpers
okay I don't know why you want to have
this conversation walk because we are
playing with bumps like there's nothing
I can say that will change your mood
we're gonna ask Cassie
ah we're here uh yeah we just pulled up
and we're gonna say hey and pick her up
and then go bowling first oh hello how
are you
oh my gosh so how you doing can we feel
yeah oh let's do it me too
oh my gosh hey they're so cute
yeah I know you know what bump is up
went with my ball and you play bowling
Jesus the things the things things that
the kids use and Jess she refuses she
was like we're not playing on my face
bumpers I've never played a game of
bowling without them she's laughing
haven't done that one in a minute with
that one of our first vlogs know that
was where we were clogging that wasn't
my YouTube video where I was driving in
Australia Oh blitz can you doubt Cassie
no you can do it you just go like this
maybe we'll do it just kind of sniff
your armchair ready one I don't know
what your son don't need oh I think it's
lit oh thank heaven
we're laying 11 we're gonna do on names
now yeah we are coming up with cool code
names what's your code name
that's a really cool codename name I
leave for two seconds okay full three
months one is the same way and then you
would have been by itself so we thought
we'd all be managing their crap is
g-dogg you know i don't care
it's not about the name it's about the
performance g-dog you've gotta demolish
the competition sorry I got it girls
once the bump it up so Cassie changed
her mind take a look at the scoreboard
ladies and gentleman you see Toby
started off with solid five just came
through the six and cast and come
through with an eighth but it's time you
need to take only bullet time doing
stuff it up turn drop it alright let's
see how he does
I've never been bowling with the IDA no
you're good at it okay Toby
oh it's okay but better luck next time
Oh pound it boom
all the bounce technique no way see this
would be a totally different game we
didn't have the bumpers
I am no wonder why your son
what was that I still ended up with 113
all right guys are the bumpers all right
before you make six pieces I would just
like to let you know that I'm winning
right now I'm coming Chuck and we're
playing a half-second game and it's
really intense because so far I'm
winning if he gets another strike I just
got to strike and I get one more strike
I will gain 30 points and be five points
away from Jess on the last thing off 121
shove 126 then I have two more bowls if
I get this strike you got five points
computer we have such a competitive
hustle
I will genuinely be mad just because we
have bumpers every strike them to have
done have been like hello let me throw
it on the wall Matt back strike he's
making that up
I don't know what he's doing about I
have really good muscles try be has been
using the bumper I will admit to that is
really intense but have you ever double
0 takes focusing start on like oh my no
way Leslie why kind of you want to love
it
I need more strikes wait haul it up I
put 111 I know but if you get I need
another strike all right I'm still
winning I'm winning another shirt wow
that was intense
this is the most intense game so I think
he has to get another strike to be he's
really focused right now he like pauses
no way just doubled my 7io no one no one
no one no one know if he gets one pin
okay
dear Jesus I pray that he misses the
bumper and get all the pins he literally
has to get wonderful I'm on the bottom
one and that see of that I'm really
nervous
what if I just say I did not distract
him on your goal he takes this so
serious all right you got this don't
miss it though
Oh free I'm fine with that and whoa wow
that was good
talk about a combat though I was so
frustrated that whole game I was getting
like ninepins
every time nine pins and they were
getting spares and trikes and I was like
I need two strikes in a row to
completely get close
trap it my friend
Chiba
Oh somebody say late Cassie did you say
lit item take the photo looking good
ladies work it work it ladies Cassie is
such a nice she is so nice
she's so sweet sighs soft-spoken yeah
she's a legend that was really fun it
was really fun like just taking someone
that like watches us like just taking
them out and hanging yeah like that was
fun she's very strong yeah just very
shortly and strong me is how I would
describe them
yeah sweetness but before we close out
someone commented away for us to close
out the videos now and it had like
almost 500 likes or something like that
yeah it was peace out from jess and
gabriel conte ah yeah which I think
works peace out from death and gabriel
conte i like that's key that first one
time topes dad press two times
oh that first three times oh oh
what
