Oh another day another period so I was
like Oh Jess you want to plot the vlog
Cameron vlog right now since I'm driving
in Australia and she was like really my
period her eyes a little swollen she
woke up with like she had a swollen eye
I was like well then just let people
know that whatever your eyes swollen
that you're on your period and she's at
camp but what else is new I always walk
out of it
look at my eye ever can you can you see
it's actually gotten a lot better but
you can tell that it's swung a little
yesterday I worked coughing I was like
like this ain't no whole her whole right
I was just closed and the other one was
open it was pretty bad that's right cuz
we were gonna vlog address yeah that's
how it was we were gonna vlog yesterday
and her eye was completely swollen so we
were like let's wait till tomorrow it's
still swollen it's okay
you always do even with a swollen eye
you're a babe babe we can't get he isn't
driving I'm Australian by the way if you
didn't know I'm driving on the left side
of the road and I'm on the right side of
the car so I guess it's obvious to
everyone as to why we stopped looking
yeah that's probably the Albany to talk
about most
we haven't said we actually didn't say
another day another
another vlog first coffee even though we
just had breakfast it had coffee guys
act be honest with these this isn't
various I know what you're going to say
it is one of the saddest things I've
ever I haven't drank coffee in a while
yeah well no I'll have the occasional
coffee I had a coffee on our wedding day
but like I don't drink coffee daily
anymore and it's very it hurts my heart
my heart but I'll probably get back into
it
see hopefully gonna bet get her back on
the coffee grind so we can continue
honey so he grind coffee be out here I
got one so we stopped vlogging because I
was a very busy miss I mean we both were
yes you were more than he had like
people to show around
I had like a thousand family members and
friends here from Australia five
thousand I mean like 15 or 20 which is
basically the same thing we have 20
Americans it is equivalent to a thousand
people
she was busy with
all the wedding planning stuff and we
told you that we such as the busy with
wedding planning but we didn't mention
that the wedding was a week away say yes
because we were getting married very
soon
that's why we stopped blogging yeah
things just got so busy with family and
planning and we thought that we didn't
have enough time to spend together to
make one but now I'm Harry and you know
what that means we're together every
single day
every freaking day it is awesome we love
summer so we'll be back look the reason
why we haven't vlogged after the wedding
which was obviously like a week and a
half ago was Oh plenty moon that was the
brief that was a break for us which was
also Emily hypothermia Christmas and day
after Christmas we posted the wedding
video which is yesterday now and now
we're back I am no one no one your son
it is late did somebody say late
over the next couple days I am packing
up over
so yesterday I packed up all my clothes
well I kind of sorted through my clothes
and I donated three bags and clothes
she's a gem back to LA and then back to
LA gonna be live in the marriage dream
so jess is supposed to be packing no
your online shopping Spotify is on now
but you are online shopping for ages oh
yeah you were oh look she's blushing
she's blushing
no I'm packing now see isn't she just
the most adorable human being on the
planet of this earth yes yeah well I
tweeted out that uh we're gonna I
tweeted out that we're doing a Q&A and
it was hashtag ask the Conte's cuz we're
a family now no man and it's absolutely
lit all right Jess wait um before you
guys go Gabriel why aren't you helping
just with packing I'm not tried
independent welcome she won't let me
help her no matter how much I ask she
literally has a pile that is the packing
up to take to LA pile right now she
won't let me take that stuff that is
already designated as we're taking this
pile and she won't let me pack it what
is your defense madam and Conte haven't
I said they're Madame Conti cause we're
married
I don't I'll get more done if I'm doing
it by myself then if someone is helping
me going do you want to keep this Oh
Jenna throw it out like that takes more
time
Nikita thank you Luffy Oh
bub get that out of my face why everyone
loves your face would you marry me if I
asked you to marry me Jess I really like
American accents don't take off your
tongue I could make you look really
beautiful you are you gonna make me look
really cute yeah good I've always wanted
to look super duper cute for you babe
my gosh what just happened did you scare
her all lit I don't know 101 lit oh hey
Dad these are temporary tattoos yeah but
it'll come off in the shower especially
if you use my exfoliating look I thought
it was a sticker right so you put a
temporary tattoo on there it's good to
inspired it looks awesome for several
days for several days so this is staying
on my arm for several days but I really
will make you look beautiful
what if we have matching one by putting
it on I'm I know okay
oh I'm gonna give you the prettiest one
oh I'm so happy that you're giving me
the prettiest one yes I really should
have been working out like the past two
weeks which I haven't been after the
wedding I kind of just stopped working
out why cuz we were on our honeymoon now
what are you talking about why does it
matter because if I'm having a tattoo on
my arm I need to be freakin swore it's
gonna come off tonight I'll put it
around this Oh perfect
Oh your arms too big it doesn't fit all
the way it feels good to be a gangster
but real takes it that easy now this
might be a little painful
mom I don't want to be at the doctor
today oh it is already on there oh I am
I am so cute right now
Wow yeah it did not reach all the way
around but Wow
yeah still like a leaky that's really
key do you want to put one on me you
give me whoa-ho-ho yeah I'm doing the
little polka dots next to that and
they're going I have it up in couples
would get fake tattoos together stay
together all right you got to put it on
and I'll hold it and then you have to
well I know how to DIY I'm a youtuber
alright you ready
yeah that was 100% of fail sorry I
thought you said you knew how to DIY I
suck at this ah what what what did I do
okay this has plastic on the front of it
it's not gonna work unless the plastic
is off well so now this is stuck to the
plastic I wasn't supposed to know that
you had a deal you're setting up for the
Q & A all right so I favorited a bunch
of questions and um I'm through the
music off it's throwing me it's not I I
love it this is weird because it's
usually man that has all the questions
when we do a Q&A no no I have all the
questions MA I am the gout ah
question one this is from Tasha where
did you guys go for the honeymoon we
went to a place in Australia called
Byron Bay yes we did well the first two
nights we got married in Mulaney at a
place called weddings with Tiffany's
shout out to weddings at Tiffany's it
was sick then we stayed at a place there
in Mullaney
for two nights which is so cool which
was really cool was like a little villa
thing private hot tub was pretty cool
and you could walk to a waterfall yeah
it was like cool but it was a little
landlocked to be honest I just need a
beach that's just my growing up in
Florida always gonna be J we running
that 50 days
so that whiskey yeah so it's fine let's
get the chill for a day and then we're
their second night then we left the next
day to Byron Bay which was amazing
Ric and we had massages I'm going to the
beach
yeah how long did it take to write your
vows love you guys and that is from
Katherine okay so we both went one night
- um would you call it a bay yeah it's
like a little it's like little sand a
little bit of water a little bit of
dachshund harbour ish see a little bit
we went there and moved Bergman to write
them dare you hurt yours there yeah I
basically wrote my whole thing in like
an hour probably yeah well I mean and
everything that I wanted to say I
already knew because I had thought about
it a lot before in it same with you yeah
same with me I just like couldn't get it
out the way that I wanted to say it so
instead I wrote down like three pages of
dirt points in that hour oh you did
mm-hmm
gotcha and then over the next couple
days I wrote my vows
see I had like the first thing that I
wanted to say and then like the order
after that and then I had to like tie it
all together yeah that was the hardest
part was just like trying to tie it all
together so I wasn't just like word
vomit and crap right before I married
well you guys have children soon now
that you're married love you both that's
from how do you say that Brett Brett
Brett Brett dancey cat she is adamant
about not having children no I don't
have kids yet yeah um
like I don't either cuz I wanna be able
to enjoy the first few years of marriage
and stuff like that but if an accent
were to happen and one of us no names
mentioned ended up pregnant
Hey dang I wondered yep I wonder if I
wouldn't like I would be really excited
so would I I would love it but I I just
don't want to have a kid yet yeah I give
me a couple years I want to like
adventure and like Java with you yeah
that's a good thing I think
yeah we want to spend time together
perfusion being able to travel and stuff
like that we want to visit a lot of
places in the world which I've always
wanted to but now that I'm like Mary
didn't have this beautiful girl by my
side all the time
mmm it's much easier to go travel places
rather than just packing a bag and going
by myself
yeah from Kayleigh is it different to be
married if yes how yes yeah but no like
we're still it's not like oh my god I'm
married are my minds are now open to the
future our relationship isn't different
yeah it's nothing they're shaving up
something sorry I still love you tattoos
I still love you yeah you know what I
mean um no I completely we don't have to
say goodbye best thing I ever we wake up
together and we great asleep together
yeah like even saying goodbye at night
Mike was sucked because you just as a
couple that's what you wanna you just
want to spend every second together of
your life so being married is awesome
from the weekend half of the experience
we have I was interested Jen asks how
did you guys feel the day of the wedding
you night the day the wedding went
really fast it went really this is a
long day but it went really but it was
like the morning of I just want cuz our
wedding was until three o'clock and I
got up at like 6:00 in the morning we
had hair and makeup and like photos and
everything to get done so it was like a
long time before the actual wedding and
I think I was I wasn't like nervous I
just wanted to see like I just wanted to
marry I was nervous I was a looser and a
machine wreck if you saw the video I was
like hyperventilating I was like this is
my lip of the day of the wedding okay
I was I was nervous not like for
marriage itself but just for like the
wedding and like the ceremony and hoping
it goes well meaty and hoping it ran
smooth and the weather the weather was
very rainy but it ended up being perfect
just the way how it all worked out but
one thing that sucked the day of the
wedding was was before there was like a
lot of time before we actually like had
the wedding at 3 o'clock so before like
all the dudes got ready we were ready
took the photos we needed like we were
in our suits and everything we were done
with like the videography stuff that the
guy had to do and then we were kind of
just chillin for like a solid hour and a
half to two hours and I this was my
heart really just sitting around just
doing nothing yes you didn't sit around
it was like well we did in a way because
it was a really relaxed morning that was
my hair that was makeup we had music
going it was really fun but it was like
it took a long time to get everyone's
hair and makeup done and then I put the
dress on I did like a reveal to my dad
or reveal to my brother I reveal to like
everyone yeah it's a difference between
like dudes girls getting ready for a
wedding the guys just like suits alright
hair okay I guess I look good you know
get the girl more the girls for saying
the entire morning I was like you know
what they probably slept in where cup
plate America got dressed and they were
legit bling Mario Kart and when I never
played Mario Kart that morning I was too
like in the same zone yeah but they were
all playing were they all like woke up
and just like sort of play I know I love
your tattoo next bed I just I got a
professionally done I know
by um my wife concert at so boughs asks
how is just feeling about moving to the
States obviously she's excited since
she's gotten so much packing done no I
am excited it'll be really cool to have
like our own space and it's not
like me visiting Europe I mean with
people in it
yes yes every time there is people we
get to decorate it moving through the
states will be really fun but it's also
probably scary yes almost done we're
filming a vlog just finishing up a Q&A
it's ridiculously late I under 101
anyway it's very exciting but it's gonna
be really different because it's not
just gonna be like another holiday for
me yeah sorry it'll be gonna be home hmm
it'll probably take a bit to get used to
yeah finally Halle Halle asks who's the
loudest in the family I'm guessing
you're asking between this family a boss
- it wouldn't be so obvious and I'm
pretty sure if you've watched any vlogs
you guys already know it's me what Gabe
is American of course he's louder I'm
American and three types of Hispanic so
like he's the loudest of Latin all NART
like your family is a very loud family
yep I would say my family's louder than
I am yes but you're still like pretty
loud loud yeah I feel like I'm more like
softly spoken whereas you're like what
it's a what you know what I mean no it's
the impression of me how does it feel to
have a new last name at Jessica Conte
nice Twitter handle it's good even my
handles Jess counting my bad my bad
um it feels really weird and I don't say
it a lot I really had to like say it
once I think over the phone when I was
ordering the massage like last name and
I was like plenty I feel like it would
take a little bit to get you soon yeah
some weird guy named he's kind of ugly
named Jacob razor says hey hashtag ask
the Conte's how much do you love me and
miss me
Oh
not at all no I'm jerking on my gotcha
yeah
love you bro we love Jack racer oh you
know what he's the best third wheel to
have when like we hung out with him a
lot and then he goes away it's like yeah
it's it's like weird the energy goes
from like here back down to here we miss
him straight away we miss you did you
need to move to LA soon because guess
who's gonna be there you're too would
you lick my fingers
yeah Dana asks what was going through
your mind when you saw just walking down
the aisle like the main thing in my mind
was like once you walk through those
doors when we walk back out of those
doors we're never gonna have to say
goodbye again once we walk out of those
doors we I would say like once we walk
through those doors we have to remain
faithful to each other for the rest of
our lives but I would even say like we
have to like we get to remain faithful
to each other for the rest of our lives
Jacob was saying that to me when I was
standing there Jacob who married us he's
a good friend of mine who I grew up with
since I was like eight years old or
something like that he was only married
us and he we were just talking at the
front um and he was like when you walk
through those doors you get to remain
faithful to Jess for the rest of your
life and I was like that's really cool
that is the best way I've ever done even
put it the Twitter account is Jess and
Gabe lit and it says please answer me X
much more excellent for my ex much my ex
mushroom on hashtag a saccade days when
will you have a baby I mean we kind of
already answered this one but uh but I
chose this one because of the second
part of the question will you let her or
him join each of your upcoming vlogs
like will we vlog our kids yeah yeah
absolutely for sure I couldn't imagine
not blogging them yeah
just thinking about kids that's crazy
not yet yeah Sam no last one laughter oh
my gosh babe stop tickling me subtext oh
my gosh Jessica hey last one from
Stealth that's a Christmas
I'm guessing rendition it's like Steph
but she went stealth to do elf for
Christmas
what's the first thing you guys want to
accomplish being a married couple I want
to accomplish
meaning what I was gonna say for this
after but I was gonna say I want to
accomplish uh getting our like the house
organized like it's already organized
for me since I was living in it by
myself but there's a gallant opinion
yeah so we need to make it harder ly /
gasps getting settled as a married
couple
yeah cuz we'll go there and just be like
a lot to do to get her settled in and
moved in but what about after that after
that um I think maybe traveling yeah I
would say like traveling to another
continent that is not Australia Erica or
Australia because we've done a lot of
traveling this year but just between
America and Russia
it'd be cool to go to like another
country that's outside of those mmm
asking the fun things but asking the
countries question we're back blogging
we're back logging again which is
absolutely lit Oh probably next time my
eye will be numb we haven't done this in
a while
just feels weird oh man 3 2 1 yeah I
feel like a much better movie she not
get emotional little bit cooler back
should we change it to peace out from
the content should we change it to
extract money three two one peace out
are you gonna say from and then we'll
both say the Conte some of you think you
say peace peace out from the countries
that what peace out from the con oh
let's say the whole thing together
peace out from the cons ease now channel
is Jason Gabriel
peace out from Jess and Gabriel let us
know in the comments if you want peace
out from the Conte's or peace out from
disengage
I just know what you want peace out yeah
we're just adding this here goodbye we
already said
