Oh biker gang let's go Kimmy
another day another vlog another day
another vlog gonna cry I'm nervous
we'll tell you what's not bad so right
we even we gotta say hi hi
we have never looked for a while I mean
yeah it feels like I know no we only
skipped one the other one was just I
felt like so crappy about it because it
was just like a last minute posted to
post it which is kind of been happening
recently with our vlogs and stuff if
there's cars passing by and you hear
room go by we're sorry we're we're
filming off the balcony and it's lit
outside to say the least
okay so I guess I'll say it you want to
start okay well I want to say that I've
been really busy like the busiest I've
ever been in my entire life yeah well I
was gonna explain that
so basically we're here in Australia
it's holiday season it's getting busy
christmas is coming up my family is
coming to town some of my family and a
few of my friends actually decided
they'd like come with me on the trip and
it's just like been a really busy time
as far as like from my perspective I've
been really busy with them I guess
trying to entertain them as like guests
of Australia even though I'm technically
guests of Australia too but anyway um
and we've both been really busy but jess
has been like extremely busy much more
busy than I have been as far as like
work and stuff like that and what she
has to get done it's not even busy that
we're like schedules are packed so we
don't know if we can or can't vlog it's
out most of the time we're just not
together yeah we we on spending a lot of
time together at the moment
sucks like last week I did a bunch of
traveling you with other people and I
had a bunch of work to do
yeah if we both went to Sydney but we
didn't even spend any time together we
went to dinner and wait it's like it's
absolutely lit he just looked over at
Austin was like yeah also can we say
that like you were staying with my
family which I guess made it easier to
fall oh that's true I was staying when
whenever I'd come here I would stay with
her you and your family yeah at our
family's house and that just made it
easier we wake up you're in the same
house and and I'm you two films look and
now um Gabe is staying somewhere else it
um with the people I brought I can't
just invite them into justice here it's
awesome so I guess that - like when not
waking up in the same house yeah it's
it's really it's really tough like
throughout the day we won't see each
other that much today just literally
came to this place where I'm staying I'm
about to run to do something yeah she
came just so we could like make this
video for you guys just to let you guys
know what's going on she's gonna go she
has to get stuff done I'm gonna be here
getting stuff done I have to work a
little bit then I think we might meet up
for church later but there's just and
we're not spending enough time together
to vlog and it's just in this like
season um it's not gonna be forever yeah
honestly might even be like a few weeks
if that it's just the Christmas season
and all that stuff is really busy with
family and stuff like that and it is
keeping us just occupied and it sucks
not being able to vlog and stuff like
that because it's so much fun vlogging
it's just we're not able to keep up with
it right now I think um like we kind of
spent the evening together the other
night which we could have loved to it
with your family but that wasn't really
what we're thinking about because it was
like is that rude to say no it's not
it's not because like it was that it was
the first time we had been together in
like celery or four days that we had
even spent time together so it wasn't on
my my
look straight away it wasn't on mine
either and with my family and stuff like
that like they're fine and being in
videos and stuff like that but I just
don't want to be filming it was a my
quality time yeah it was more quality
time for us rather than just trying to
vlog because we need to get it
with that said with like needing to get
a vlog out what we found with with like
trying to get the past few blogs up is
that we're kind of just like what can we
do let's just film something do we have
enough footage okay let's just post this
hopefully it's funny kind of thing or
hopefully it works hopefully they enjoy
and we don't want to like make videos
because we have because we have to post
that we want to keep it enjoyable for us
enjoyable for you guys keep it really
just cars shut up just keep it like
really fun and organic and but we know
that like once it's really busy season
especially for me like once all of my
busyness stops we'll be able to have so
much fun
like make really fun
a bit Herman
so we we're stopping blogging at the
moment but with but with that said if we
have time to put out a vlog we will like
if we do something fun and we're like
let's video this we're going to put one
out then yeah for you guys if it's fun
well if it's something fun that we're
doing we're going to inch we're going to
enjoy it enjoy filming it and stuff like
that then we'll get it out and if I have
time to like edit it and stuff like that
then obviously we're going to make that
happen I guess don't be expecting the
three days a week type of thing that
we've been doing up till now only a
little bit proud to only say for like a
few weeks if that but yeah hope that
made sense see something else I forgot
hey you love me
like obviously we both still have work
but then like on top of work and on top
of the holiday season and on top of
everyone being here we're still planning
a wedding yeah which is crazy more so
for you
yeah it's so crazy you're the head
honcho with when it comes to the wedding
what does that be you call the shots
you're the boss I'm the boss you're the
boss for the one I should we just go
away
like happy would you just leave it like
well Jack hozen is a runaway downstairs
we're not gonna do but we'll see them
soon yeah we'll see you guys soon
obviously we'll be posting on our own
channel something I don't want them to
go anyway
yeah don't think yeah don't like be like
alright bye guys
please don't go anywhere we love you
guys and it's only a short break we'll
be back obviously we'll be posting on
our own channels but we'll post whenever
we can because we love it and I don't
want to cry are you okay
they love you I know it's just really
sad
peace
now I'm sad three two one
peace out from Jen and Gabriel my eyes
is sweating
