I can't even be bothered to put this
camera on a tripod literally just just
sat on my sofa I kind of like that
though because it's like you know we're
having a conversation
caveat you're a friend you've just come
around for my house and you're sitting
on my little pouf I think that's what
these are called are these called poof's
who someone booths this might be a bit
random video I don't really know how
we're gonna roll with it but I have
decided I would like to document me
learning a new language now Marcus why
might you want to learn a new language
well in case you didn't know my
girlfriend is German Russian German
Austrian she's a lot of things mainly
German and her main language is German
so don't worry we can talk like she
understands English English is her third
spoken language but we in the last few
weeks went through something she had a
major operation Steffi has a stomach
issue that she's born with and she had a
major operation to try and fix it cut a
long story short I was there in the
hospital and I was becoming very
frustrated at the fact I didn't
understand everything
obviously everyone speaking German so
Sophie's mum was their best friend was
there but every time the doctors and
nurses were coming in this was ten times
a day or so they were speaking German
and I was just sat in the corner like a
little boy watching like oh what body
language are they using oh oh that tone
sounds a bit wrong oh is everything
okay
and then I have to wait them to leave
and then be like so what goes oh no
nothing this led to frustration you make
be honest it led to me feeling incapable
because I didn't understand anything
annoys the hell out of me the other
thing Stephanie's family a Russian her
parents don't speak a single word of
English that's actually like they do
speak a word of English they understand
hello they understand it's okay and they
understand hands we do a lot of talking
with our
and this frustrates me because I can't
have proper conversation with my family
now Nomos you might be like oh that's
totally fine like it doesn't really
matter but unless you experience this
yourself
I don't know if you understand what it's
like to be in that position and I'm
telling who gets frustrated at things
like that
and me being frustrated saying like that
was a reason for me to go I'm gonna
learn German and I'm gonna actually
learn German like properly want to learn
it because I understand German I have
been immersed in the German speaking
language and culture for about two years
now so I picked quite a few bits up and
I've I've had like I'm always asking
questions more is asking this and that
etc but I never speak it because I'm
 at it if I'm being quite honest I'm
absolutely at it and I get really
nervous when I go to speak it and most
of time I go to speak it when I'm on my
own
in Berlin I'll try and speak it and then
they'll reply and I don't sum what
they're saying and then I'll speak
English and a lot of time they don't
actually speak English Germany is a
nation is I like to think a very good
english-speaking nation don't know why
maybe you guys learn it at school but
Germany has always been my fourth or
fifth biggest viewership and yeah from
meeting a lot of German people you see
on average their English is very very
good
but that's not that's beside the point
like I want to be able to fit in with
the German culture I want to be able to
understand things I want to be able to
have conversations with German people
and not feel like an idiot
and I think this whole hospital scenario
really made me want to achieve that now
you might be asking why are you filming
it why are you just ranting it feels
like I'm ranting right now but I think
it might be good to document it I don't
have any idea how that's why I'm making
this video because I was like literally
had this idea something so far as I oh
my god I'm gonna document
Milla in German how do I do I know I'll
just turn the camera on and roll with it
so that's literally what I did and I
don't know how I'm gonna document it I
think you'll be boring if I'm like sat
here learning off my laptop and you're
just watching me learn that's ball
but what might be good is if you know we
do I don't know how often I'm going to
do these but I talk to you in German I
talk about some of the things I've
learned I think that might be helpful
for me maybe even some of you will pick
some things up but I want to document
the journey of learning German and who
knows maybe at the end of it I will be
able to have full blown conversation
with Germans with my girlfriend in
German so that is why I want to learn it
good glad glad I told you that one so I
think I'd like to get some insight from
you guys because like I said I think
there's a lot of Germans who watch me so
go easy on me
I was never brilliant at languages at
school so don't expect me to learn super
fast but be patient with me and help me
I would like that if you are gentlemen
or if any of you guys have actually
learnt languages because I think England
is so and it's so embarrassing as a
nation that we just don't learn
languages properly at school you know we
taught them of course we are but I think
because English is the world language we
have this notion to just think it
no we don't need to learn that so I'm
not going to learn it whereas all these
other countries they're like we have to
learn English we don't learn English
when we travel when we connect with
people around the world we're not gonna
be able to speak to them English people
are just like it doesn't matter to
go back to my point I'm gonna try and
document learning German on this channel
so if there are any of you who have
learnt languages as a hobby through
school through further education as I
don't know for a job you've moved to
different country maybe some of you are
in a similar situation as me what really
helped you because I heard loads
everything's great playing here and you
know some people like oh watch your
favourite films and put German subtitles
on but then I was reading a forum the
other day about it and people were
saying that the issue if that is that
then your mind is listening to what's
going on the other party Minds
concentrating on the words and then you
miss what's actually going on etc so if
any of you have any tips thrown my way I
was tempted to take some kind of course
because on do it but I think my biggest
thing before where I've tried to learn
it is I
never consistently stick with it so I'll
get really into it and I'll spend a
whole day asking questions in German and
like trying to learn it and then I don't
do anything for a week and then it comes
back and I'm like oh okay great I've
forgotten a lot of things treat it like
this I have very very basic German
knowledge at the moment if a stayer ein
bisschen deutsch there you go I
understand a little bit of German
but speaking it I find really really
hard writing even harder reading it the
whole thing time I have an account on
duolingo and I think I'm gonna try and
do it every day and just see where I go
starting with that because I think if I
can commit to something like that then I
might have something to work with and I
feel like if I'm documenting it then
that's also like a goal and I think
actually some inspiration comes from
Evan Edinger
who has learnt German as he tweeted me
the other day and I wouldn't watch this
video and he's talking about duolingo
and he was like yeah do cheer lingo on
the desktop Robin on your phone so I
tried that today and I was like oh this
is actually so much better I really
enjoy this thanks Evan if you PM Marcus
I'm really bad because I didn't learn it
in school and stuff I'm really bad at
introducing myself and a funny story if
we're gonna talk about this he like said
step his family don't speak English and
we were around at Christmas or even
before Christmas at one time we were at
step his hometown and I was trying to
talk about my mum and it was me and her
family sat around the kitchen table
weekend and I obviously don't join in
many of the conversations I can't speak
a lot by understand so I listen and I'm
constantly like oh yeah
Steffi bless her is like the constant
translator so I feel a lot of stress for
her but i sat there and i was like minor
Muta is z gamoo sir that translates to
my mother is very vegetable not really
that funny is it but her whole family
start laughing and I was like huh yeah
isn't it cousin
my Muto's egersund which means healthy
so I was trying to say my mum's very
healthy and her mom he's a vegetable so
yeah I was hoping I could maybe speak
some German in this
but because ed I'm I'm not good at
putting since this guy I just I'm quite
good at understanding Holly hello you
get ha me gets a good tank on dear
oh yeah if Ben muda ah pizu we're gonna
have translations on this a slothy -
select mmm from the bar by so hard to
have a conversation with yourself in a
language that you don't really
understand that was much hotter than I
thought was gonna be as you can see my
German is not very good if Harbor Vice
Vesta and the heist Natasha and Heidi
it's he comment from Brighton yeah we
got a lot to learn numbers in German are
the hardest
oh my god so for numbers sides by 3
affirm sex even up 9/10 that's one to
ten soon as you start going into the 20s
30s or 40s it becomes very complicated
coming from England because you
basically say let's say 25 okay you in
German it translates to 5 and 20 so
that's the pattern you continue to go up
into the hundreds it's like instead of
saying 185 it's 105 and 80 so trying to
learn this is very harsh and it takes me
a long time to figure out a number so if
I try and say yeah okay let's go 25
first so pumpkins that and God pumpkins
one sick Clinton's unsafe that's 25 185
iron hundred pump and oxy I think don't
learn from me though that's not my power
I'm not trying to teach you German
because you're not gonna learn anything
from me by I'm trying to learn and
document it the other thing with German
that is particularly hard is
grammatically the sentence structure
just does not match up it doesn't
translate logically to the English
sentence I'm really bad at given these
examples but even today I tweeted and
I've learned something quita each
learner Deutsch today I learn German
that would be the like word-for-word
translation but in German it doesn't
work
like that because correct me if I'm
wrong but I think when you're talking
about a day or a time the verb always
goes second so it'd be quite er learner
if Deutsche today learn I German
brilliant that's yeah so I mean the
other really frustrating thing with
German is with a lot of other languages
is masculine feminine and neutral words
alright say that okay
the laptop the water the hotel the shoe
in English it's all that the other that
in German you have masculine feminine
and neutral all those you have a
different version of saying that you
have daddy in desc
dere is masculine D is feminine das is
neutral so - Hotel D sure I think P
shoot dare ban Hoff the hotel the shoe
the train station I think that all right
bug probably wrong
I don't know Sean D D flasher I think D
flasher is correct the glass the reason
I'm sharing two years because I would
like to know if there's any way to learn
because from what I think so far there
isn't any particular rules that go with
those so why is a is an object masculine
feminine why does it have dare do that's
attached to it like what makes an object
masculine feminine and there doesn't
seem to be one as I'm aware so I don't
know if you guys have any tips for that
or you just have to learn to everything
you learn you just have to learn the
correct version of that before because I
know a lot of German words actually
that's a complete lie I know quite a few
German words but I'm not sure on any of
the things before like Tasha D Tasha I
think is bad Kent's do Mir health and
bitter that goes back to me talking
about the sentence structure Kent's do
Mir health and bitter can you this is
what that technically translates do can
you me help please can you me help
please masking for someone to help me
Serna shop hello
can't do me a head from bitter and now
go ah yeah it can
I'm like haha that's a thing that's
about it really this is just the first
logged record so things I need to figure
out from this video one how to document
now and this is where I'd like your guys
advice in the comment sections should I
try that
so I learn like a certain topic or
things that I you know as I construct
your sensors better together then I
build on having conversations with
myself kind of like why I didn't have it
translated beneath is that maybe the
best way to showcase it or yeah the end
result is obviously having a full-blown
conversation with Stephie that would be
cool to do these like however often I'm
gonna do them I'd like to have some kind
of format to it so just need to think
about that but anyway this has been a
very random video and like I said I just
wanted to share it I just wanted to film
something I wanted to get my words out
of my head because I've been sat here
and yeah it's a Sunday and I was like
you know what I swung I'm doing well
that's some German so yeah please leave
any insightful comments down below I
look forward to reading them and
hopefully posting more on this channel
which would be nice so yeah I will see
you guys when I next see you bye II
