what's up guys welcome to day 6 of the
grand tour today
we've just gone from Switzerland into
Italy
tell your Clarkson impression Carlton
presenting impression now bit more James
May we are in the van today there's Mick
there's Mickey's give me a time go I'm
slow no honestly we are crossing into
Italy we're gonna do crazy challenge
days poor and really upset because you
can go go-karting yesterday because as
you will have seen the amount of snow is
ridiculous
you want to film me don't matter action
action is that what you want yeah German
that oxygen you're 40 years of age it
raise your age man you're embarrassing
yourself
alright Matt you're Irish sorry not know
of an Irishman Irish
we are two hands up in the video and
like the video if you want him to hear
American uncommon hookah says you should
get an Aston and soda why if you get a
nasty
because that's why it's a parameter
meaning we were at Monza we are taking
part in the next challenge and we are
also competing points behind team
package that is the enemy we are here on
a low Monza it's not a month ago look at
the river on the racetrack insane going
dead have you got it okay guys I got at
the end they will invite you to a
challenge at Monza the most famous race
track in Eton mantra is well known for
its fast stretch of road which is
straight today we've made it wonky
grandtourist Isles
good luck remember to bring your napkins
first lesson today that means the third
just for verification is team Marcus
watch ever on it right what's your
tactics
everyone else is doing their job and
we're not doing anything who's gonna win
this one whoever performs the best in
the boxing lady look the square off go
get closer than that guys oh you think
yours because you're perfect with his
men he's out there who comes out there
how Japanese do well he's struggling a
bit see Bell right now I'm just gonna
tell the driver to drive out my seat
I think it's fine okay guys I'm about to
the challenge hookah went first Sasha's
going now and then me so the aim of this
challenge
is there is a straight line path they
have obstacles in May we have a driver
taking us around in the i3 I'm gonna be
sat in the passenger seat the big bowl
of spaghetti and the aim of the
challenge is to not spill any spaghetti
this is my CD whilst being driven around
the track in the track is about to cough
so we have to run across pull the $50 -
there's two aims police matter spaghetti
spill most amount of spaghetti kept and
poured into the tube you have eight
minutes - as many laps as you have also
you've got the Italian influences over
here who are doing moat control
obstacles remote control schools to try
and distract the driver so therefore
Galilei Pavlik what we need some tips
you guys love us come on you know you're
winning but please what you should do is
just grab your your plate and throw it
out the car
Marcus come on you got this piece
is it the same leak new son
that's a pretty fun let's get it to the
end
so on
or release about what
I hope you guys enjoyed this video also
as you know grantor is now on Amazon
Prime video
worldwide media
- you got me God
