hello wait howdy cool how's it going
beautiful safety people we're back with
better lighting because it's the daytime
it's sunny outside so my one window that
I have in this rather small New York
apartment is lighting my face
delightfully
like the video ask nice and happy cheery
but it's probably not going to end that
way because today's video is going to be
another try not to cry because we like
to spread a motion on this channel we
like to get depressed by watching sad
things although if you've watched any of
my other ones which you will when you
search like more marks on YouTube you
know one of the top things that comes up
is try not to cry because we're just
setting trends here on youtube if you've
seen it on the others you will know that
I don't really cry
am I like a cold person I don't I
already cry when it's really sad stuff I
cry when it's like happy stuff because
today that's just what gets me going
last myth of God is this can be someone
died in last minute of Odin I tell my
other crazy Pacifico guys you know a lot
of sensation whole life there is smoke
extreme risk our time my life
I wanted to spend myself spiritual time
I really couldn't uh nothing about
wasn't room to expand I needed to go to
a neighbor the ghost was there the whole
way through me being on the edge of the
middle just lay next to you nice
experience another day he was hurtin Oh
this spot is dog
so very naughty whatever is he was just
so down to dialogue Annabelle Muir
you showed me the live example how to
love and I love playing I don't think I
showed her never love me
I can't keep you know what
for my own comfort you know yeah we're
going to document the connection out the
five hours here o'clock the sender it's
more like we're doing the right thing
and I think that people that know what's
going on
od
State will sit there because I was I
moved into different place we wouldn't
have dogs if my place had five flights
of stairs and the thing about me like we
can't take em oh there's my childish
fears like I'm gonna miss you Duggar no
don't go you know
and this on praising me reversal job God
getting some job doing because of hand
room music cannot add emotion on the
Block I what clothes was wearing what
car he had what food we came with what
friends when they came to quit he was
taught about palliative and it's like
you know you're sick of my couch here my
friend
you know I mean tell me now it is mostly
I need some more common okay Jesus we
love it
you think I on will give you a new leg
clickers it give you a brand new leg
you'll be okay
I want to be a man you know agree I
could have put this dog there John Wayne
them it's not me a lawyer
oh they cannot like show as you fucked
out already processed immediately thank
God
Monaco to hold it up manifold oh yeah
this child is done your jobs gonna Java
no way of the - oh shit legit shine that
oh I'm not sure about let you give
advantage in Oh a lot of spears you
can't leave me cuz I'm very clear on
that
don't you say you've all enchant I gotta
go sometime
and help understanding lover to do it
Neela's gold newest as well
as I wasn't gaining nothing to do there
oh gosh
yeah sad of course that's really sad I'm
very sure why they made the video though
I mean I need to research it more like I
don't just want to attack this video
because it's beautifully shot on it's
obviously an emotional piece for the guy
who made the video but I don't know it
was a bit much seeing the whole process
of the dog actually being put down I
haven't have ever had a pet dog but I've
had pet cats and the cat that I was most
attached to Bailey was like like the
best cat in the world and he has to be
put down and that was like you know I'm
relating to it from that element of it
because that was super like we literally
had to say goodbye to the cat and it was
just like five this is my childhood cat
that I loved pieces and it's like it's
your time to go like because he was so
ill yeah I'm more like emotional now
thinking about my cat and relating it to
that that's what's making me a bit
teary-eyed Father's Day most touching
commercial ever off so I was thinking
when I saw someone crying every day like
people do this
does that help like to dry your eyes out
yes it does doesn't it we'll find out
right here we go I'm going outside
how easy it is for us to forget what it
was like when we were once family
until see quite a battle fucking some
hot chocolate
good times
mom sings ba dum is our only you see it
is first to protect me okay fine
how easy it is for us to forget how to
smile
it's easy to forget about the elbow
nice yes more appalling when he has been
contained
but it's even harder
not too much
my bad
almost got mad bah
about a month ago
is forevermore Wow love smell that's an
advert for jeez it's so deep hey that is
on that is emotional see what I mean
it's the sad stuff but the like
obviously sad and then sorry Bri bills
and everyone's like showing love and on
God
woo well at least getting sad a happy
stuffs nice because I feel like happy
now let's go spread some love just gonna
all right yeah I think this that's the
most I've like cried I mean I'll never
I'm not I'm never going to sit here I'm
gonna do that I don't know that hit me
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the video
hopefully or like me maybe the first
video made a bit sad that the second
video spread some happier give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see tomorrow vanilla alright mate
