hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
this video that's going to have someone
walking around in the background we've
got all full lighting I'm sweating by
fine because we know this is genuinely
from my sweat I think not as wet okay
single sweat know what that is I was I
was drying my hands hello I'm Stephanie
follow me on Instagram
it's thunderstorm and it's also late at
night so it doesn't have got no natural
light so I've literally got a desk lamp
sat on the windowsill glaring at me like
blinding me so just go with it but
anyway today's video is going to be a
real or fake challenge okay so we're
going to checking out some quality
pranks you know how much we love to
review pranks on this channel and we're
going to be assessing together whether
it's real or if it's fake but there's a
theme around these pranks and that theme
is cheating cheating pranks I don't know
like choosing boyfriend/girlfriend style
I think but let's just see birth prank
cheating prank on girlfriend of course
what we got is every single prank hassle
on YouTube gone extremely wrong
okay like I get the interest of the
video but then it just cuts to some
scenic Casey nice that kind of shot what
is this is not I don't watch this
thinking or this this is going to be a
prank video I'm watching the thinking
this is going to be a lovely arty blog
wasn't like third channel dream team so
today me and Charlie we're going to pull
up another prank on tonight we're going
to do the cheating thing but I'm not
going to be cheating with like a random
person I'm going to be cheating on her
with her sister
I hate these pranks Musleh who is it
let's who get to someone like that I'm
greedy
to be fair though if she went to slapped
me like that I would definitely fall on
the Bella's oil
get away from me you will possess oh oh
that was a good slap that was a good
sign she can quite aggressive now see
this is what I hate about is pranks then
they do if it is real Lydia and they're
like how am I always so funny it's like
no you're actually just a massive felon
oh yes our gun we're hiding in the cops
sorry wait a minute someone's got a gun
I know I'm just gonna slowly open a
closet door close it and then look for
it
this is now Sophie because if she had a
gun you'd straight obviously like
there's a camera how the fuck can she
not see the camera she's so close to the
camera it's like this close to her why
are they like so good in the camera like
this is such a bad fake she lives like
how she knows how to use a gun your
reactions like that quite good though so
I don't know and she was like okay I'm
going to kill you now with my gun and
she wouldn't stay in the flat I just I
mean the camera is literally in her face
like this is such a bad face they're
like okay we have to be there so you
everyone can see that you have the gun
and then this is perfect honestly you
can see the girl in a cup board you can
see it's like very good like very
thoughtful yeah I'm calling bullshit
this is some really good fake acting so
fake I think it's a very bad acting kiss
all the time she's like oh I'm a hair oh
right it's like my top down there
because if you would care you would not
be like oh I'm putting my jeans up I'm
pulling my hat
good stuff okay yeah that's a next video
I'm good at reacting right guys I yeah
okay the viral brothers I've seen some
of their pranks before because look how
many views that's got their videos to go
viral but it's just one of these
bullshit prank channels when it's like
two mates and something and they
constantly prank each other and like get
revenge on each other ones revenge Wars
that's like really real and stuff we
decided not to bring to shadow anymore I
don't want the good in sorry they went
too far oh very similar sorry all this
time with a friend
my girlfriend Lanka it's going to be
cheesy bread okay pop Samantha dear
remember again anything that's really
funny
oh my god says it's very stupid like
very good hunting if you would just go
into Herman's child yellow desert west
all right but no this is my revenge
surprise for him okay it's quite a good
Frank a bank with weapons
wait is this his girlfriend so she knew
that they are working so him his mate
arranged it with her to actually prank
him do you think so of course she was a
bad actor because she already knew as
well okay portion oh my god she's
pretending to shop out the window so in
this time that is a good prank not a
good one so you can see it like matches
up timing lies
definitely fake because if you see an
open window you're not like oh of course
my girlfriend jumped out right would you
think that if you see an open window
wife be like running to the window
knowing that she jumped out do you read
that
I don't know it's better it's much
better than the last one maybe what I
don't know I think I think is I think
does legit like I think that's a good
friend yeah it is a good prank if it's
real so I'm calling word on that real
yeah I say like I say sake because it's
a bit too much that he's like running
through the window and then I think if
you see your girlfriend dad you need
like some seconds to think about it to
be like oh my gosh she's dead and then
you would react but he was like straight
away ah I think that's a bit too obvious
that's a good prank it it caught my
girlfriend cheating prank 15 million
views
he's all right now he's on the way home
actually I went to the husband I bought
this mannequin and I also have printed
out his face of a man out another throat
take the man see I'm a wakeful crazy to
get home he's on the way right now we'll
be in bed I already have oh yeah here's
the nose this thing happen exact same
god nothing for me I think it's the most
pissing in the life there yeah
he's on the way right now we'll be in
bed I already made like put some clothes
and stuff and I started to make it look
like actual body yeah looks like an
extra body come on I'm attorney at his
way for when you open the door all he's
going to see his knee on top in this
space right here again really legit face
I can't believe she's running down this
doll it's the main character from Prison
Break
whoo so what the fuck is on with the
head but that bandana fucking out oh my
god so stupid I think if I would come in
and I would see you with something like
this I would think lucky as a weird
fetish - does he like would be like what
the dolls in back I would not think he's
cheating on me oh yeah obviously know
something I looks like that
male voice again these are real why do
people want to do is to their partners
it's like not have a nice things up you
know yes you all look here all right
what huh nobody is you wouldn't you
would never do we working anything you
would not just go wait who's that in the
background I can't so looking at Michael
Scofield in that bed also what the fuck
how are you having sex of someone on top
of them like that on top of the bad to
do that do they oh my god purpose
particular know what I do even if you're
in a moment I know who's laughing like
that like was so awkward
where did you say you just walked off
they're gonna come back that baseball
bat or some shit yeah such bad action
such bad acting oh my god I hate her
laughs I don't like her do you think
that's realistic
would you really get you wouldn't walk
in and be silent and just go I'll just
get a nice move hmm hmm hmm so if
someone is cheating on you you would not
kill this person would you but how she
is lying there like that's a look at the
face this is my favorite face let's just
wash his face again a minute oh my god
he was opening the door like already
knowing cuz you'd be like hey babe but
he was like this is all so bad if he's
that aggressive he would not be like
move yeah I know use flow
he'd be like move bitch I don't know I'm
cool and fake on that's all right for
sure drama drama
Jenny comma comma comma comma comma I
think she can't hear me
I don't even want to watch Robin barrel
I have to put myself through this like
that we're leaving that for a part too
if you guys want more videos of this
reacting spraying stuff then we'll do a
part two also it's quite long already so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the video
if you did give it a thumbs up Sarika
like the random lighting and like
everything I hope that's cool with you
and I will see you guys tomorrow in our
video yeah all right
good bye
