hello you do alright today's video the
Mandela effect we've done we've done a
conspiracy theory on this before light
is actually a thing is there not and it
seems to actually be a thing that people
have or people get confused and if this
is the first time you've ever heard of
it Mandela FET is when people often
remember a false memory for example a
song line people think it is something
but it's actually something else but
you're so certain that is what you
thought it was before sounds confusing
we're going to get into it and you'll
follow along we're playing a game and
playing challenge and we're going to see
if I and you are affected by the Mandela
effect quick bit of history the reason
it's called the Mandela effect is
because so many people thought that
Nelson Mandela passed away in the 80s on
1980 when he only passed away a few
years ago and everyone was like when he
died everyone so what I'm sure he
possibly in 1980 what this family of
friendly bears called Berenstain Bears
or the difference oh I think it's the
right one oh okay and they've always
been this is one of the most cited into
the Mandela effect thousands of people
saying they remember it differently
there you go what's this candy bar
actually called the Kit Kat is
definitely on the left was the I'm so
shot I need to google this now Kit Kat
I'm so sure kick-out has a dash in it
oh it literally doesn't there's a
perfect example I don't know if I'm the
only one who thought that but like I'm
not annoyed looking at it thinking that
is true or false the comedian Sinbad
played a genie in a 90s movie called
Shazam I have literally no idea and so
viewers what is your what is your line
is true folks what's the book Shaq
played in a genie movie in the 90 foods
that I would love to see that that is
amazing
what's the name of an rice book that was
later turned into a movie song Tom
Cruise and Brad Pitt it interview with a
vampire
definitely with a vampire interview with
it's definitely with a vampire what's
the science behind it like why do people
associate with that is it because it's
better like it flows better like that
and I I'm getting started get quite a
night now what are all these lovely
characters from Looney Tunes you know
what I think it's the one on the left
like my initial go is one on the left
but the Looney Tunes is like songs and
stuff isn't it so I'm going to say the
right see that is only because I'm
thinking that this is Jana get me now
I'm pretty sure it was Looney Tunes on
the left
true or false George has a tail he
definitely does have a tail doesn't he
does his monkeys got tail no no all
right yeah apparently apes and
chimpanzees don't have tails so we've
all learned something there how does the
theme song for this show start mr.
Rogers neighborhood literally never even
heard this so again is one for you guys
which is great because you guys a plane
alone right it's a beautiful day in this
neighborhood it's a beautiful day in the
neighborhood
it's a beautiful day in my neighborhood
it's a beautiful day in our neighborhood
our neighborhood he looks creepy wasn't
any of the HBO show these later on I
know the answers there everyone thinks
it's Sex and the City but it's actually
set in the city but everyone calls it
section city because if you say listen
if you say it quick section city take
some city like I do sound different but
it's sex in
okay there are walls being so super
confident brilliant to oppose the bosses
real name is Bruce Springsteen I'm going
to say false but I would have said true
Fruit Loops Froot Loops I'm saying
laughs okay
apparently hot dad yeah okay cool what's
the name of this air freshener for
breeze going right I'm just going right
because I'm going against what my
initial thought was if my initial
thought is that I'm going to vote
against it I want to get more which of
these is and always has been Volkswagen
logo the right only because I had a
Volkswagen polos my first class so rich
uncle Pennybags the monopoly guy wears a
monocle yeah definitely does wear one in
definitely it definitely does stop lying
to me
well he looks better with one which of
these is the actual Volvo logo the one
with the arrow I know my cars guys
what's the name of this modern Stone Age
family the Flintstones and the
Flintstones
was Flintstones I mean that was a guest
suites out 15 right I'm a sucker for the
Mandela effect I'm sure many of you felt
the exact same well at least we're in
this together guys your video thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I'll see tomorrow
of another one goodbye
like this is impossible either man we
can't Weaver
