Oh guys Oh guys old guys old guys old
guys ah I'm not looking for this video
it's a video I've been putting off for a
long long time but it's finally time
Maine that video tell you my only thing
is that bad but I do I have a fear of
baby food I have a fear of that mushy
sticky gooey slush smelling stuff they
put into a mouth I have no idea I was
here at maybe I was force-fed as a kid
and stuck in my brain but I don't want
to do it I'm just going to do it got to
do it it's been a videos gone wrong on
YouTube for years literally I mean a
person so there was Charlie McDonnell
doing it years ago like hack good video
I'll never do that but all the time
look who's sat here about to eat baby
food on my own in in this flat because
I'm a cool guy mid-twenties eating baby
food
well that supposed to sounds like it's
about to take off so that's good
not the aircon state but at pop video so
by CVS yeah popular American store CVS
pharmacy that isn't really a pharmacy
because their pharmacies here are
basically like supermarkets they sell
everything and what I did when I came
home I put it in the fridge just because
I was like there's no I mean in warm
baby food like I'm going to do it's got
the cold it can't be warm right I've got
four types of baby food hence laying
them all out all lit up filler good
bombs or what hi
you can call me a I don't you know
what I don't care call me a as
much as you want I don't know why I feel
sick I feel sick
what we're going to be we're going to
have kids do you know when you do the
old they're not eating it so you mmm
it's lovely
oh my god oh now your turn I'm taking
you know I'm probably in for the first
on my mouth and go no it's nice right
baby food bananas all of it are just oh
come on all right
two packs here in case I get hungry
later do you reckon that's a thing like
that adults eat eat baby food lots of
baby food I serve a lid lovely oh my god
I literally ganked I literally gate ion
who's that I would never do this video
now I'm doing this video I need some
spot I need like that I need some
support and Debbie come here and support
me she said she's gonna be home in time
for this video but not here
banana what's wrong it's just banana is
just bananas you bellend
me I need to stop being a
one day you're gonna have kids and
you're going to put this in their mouth
author is being it will not offer is
being mine like you know I mean
little Ola oh yeah
so the auntie I said I don't care to
call me Wow
it's good to ask that it was trapped a
weird tax tax I so slimy ah they taste
fine it tastes fine it's just slimy as
hell okay
oh sweet potato sweet bloody potato
oh these don't match the colour of my
top um I think well that's a lot
it's sweet be there I love sweet potato
I love it I'm a big fan of sweet potato
don't want to eat it
getting sweats as well that's going down
I think put in the fridge was worse oh
I'm so not me to be an a parent right
now Oh God sorry sorry future child
sorry if you ever watch this and you're
like wow my dad is a massive Percy I
promise you I'm I can change your nappy
I can do all that stuff just eating your
food is not what I'm meant to be doing
in life is not my purpose a nice egg
from apples
why does videos just I mean hope is
entertaining that base of my pure
patheticness I'm so hot as well aircon
please that literally just pops and went
into my mouth
brilliant Oh smells it smells so bad I'm
sorry that is not an apple like you're
not telling me when I eat an apple that
is what I'm eating I'm just not I'm just
absolutely not Am I I've run into nozomi
judgment Oh God
so I fill in my nose alright come on do
it to the baby there for the babies
Cheers
oh my god what is wrong with me what is
wrong with me it's not even that they
taste bad like that that isn't going in
one out I'm right oh that tastes
horrible
it's going on laughs I'm like that
texture is not meant to be in my mouth
okay okay always makes me feel very
funny all right guys we're doing that I
was going to lie and be like oh no I
actually only had three and then I
wouldn't have to do the last one I tell
the truth on this channel we've got a
squeezy pack banana blues blueberry
squeezy squeezable puree lovely and
think of anything better to be honest
and a five o'clock on a whatever day
we're on afternoon right now let's mix
it all up shall we give it a good old
squish make sure it's nice and combined
ought to do it with Apple left
unlikeable thumb all right come on open
it open open oh look at it coming out a
little poo coming out after this video
is over it's done
dust it you can thumbs up now subscribe
if you're new oh here we go
at Jesus cries off but my life is so
pathetic
oh ah I needed the liters over give the
video a thumbs up for my absolute
patheticness you can last me all you
want I will take the criticism it's fine
yeah but give the video a thumbs up and
I'll see you some over no one all right
see then be ah oh
Mummy Mummy Mummy Mummy Mummy Mummy
