hello beautiful sexy people look I'm no
it doesn't really make sense somewhere
in California but I'm wearing a t-shirt
that says California but in Russian
elefante California that is my
impression of a dashing accent ello
Michael welcome to today's video
that's awful anyway today we're gonna be
looking at the most
Instagram Abul places on the planet
there's a list of the most Instagram
will paste on the planet take a look at
them oh so I'm drinking some ginger
honey lemon tea today some of it ill you
know when you have one is like lingering
colds like it just goes through the post
like day one it's like always look the
Epis or throat data it's like shell a
really sore throat
day three is like oh how about a runny
nose now day four site hey fancy a bit
of a cough day five like hey have a
really dry cough dataxe is like hey a
really Flemmi disgusting coughed a
sevens like just shit everything in your
head everything's wrong and day is like
oh the process of removing all of those
yet you know I mean so I'm going for a
month I'm on about day eight right now
so we're on the up yeah we were down
down down down our coming up the
grandeur familia barcelona me llamo
Marcus you speak Spanish with a little
bit of a lisp in the tongue the sound
Spanish that is a beautiful cathedral
I'm not sure if I've been there what
we'll do is if I've been there with a
picture of me here like ding ding or
ding oh this is singer although they've
got loads of forgives Giza pyramids
Cairo somewhere I've never been is on my
list of places Gold apps you love to go
and see the beautiful work that was put
into these pyramids and also thinking is
really weird that the thought that
they're being like dead bodies and all
the adenoids just made a bit of a weird
feeling I haven't been there I would
love to go there Accra polis of Athens I
can't say it properly again it isn't
isn't Athens like the oldest place in
the world or one of the oldest places in
the world you know that's a complete lie
I'm saying haven't been there I've been
there but I've been there for
talk so I literally was there with Jim
Alfie Dom we did a talk in the middle of
nowhere so we weren't in like the cool
area of Athens we were just in the
middle of nowhere it's random hotel and
we had one night free and we took an
hour taxi into central Athens to go to a
bar we were there for like 30 minutes
and then left because it took so long to
get in and we were so tired we're
leaving early the next day only at Taj
Mahal I remember when we first learned
about this in school in religious
studies and I was just mesmerized I'd
love to go there I'd love to go to India
and I don't know that India is like on
my list of places to travel I think is
it would be such a incredible cultural
experience so really on the other I have
not been to the Rocky Mountains in
Colorado
I've never been to Colorado love to go
to Colorado to snowboard but just look
at the scenery it's so beautiful I just
want to go and breathe in that fresh air
aggghhhhh know what in Cambodia is the
largest religious place is huge look at
it and it looks so old but full of
spirits and energy and I want to go
there no being here to Cambodia went to
Vietnam which is close to Cambodia well
so far guys I haven't been to any of the
most in scramble place in the world so I
need to up my Instagram game Riviera
Mayer in the u k-- Japan in May got a
big Mexico twice I've only been to
Cancun on family holiday when I was
younger so I haven't been there but she
looks like she has a lovely coconut so
Atlantic City New Jersey really I feel
like I should go there because I'm in
New York right now and by New Jersey
it's just one long isn't it I did not
know that was one of the most Instagram
places Charlestown in South Carolina
it's the oldest city in South Carolina I
would like to go there
so so far still I mean to any of these
places I'm sure some of you probably
live in these places here we go
somewhere I've been somewhere I am now I
think I'm lucky enough to have gone up
the Empire State Building like
four times once my family once of Alfea
twice of my family actually one of the
most iconic attractions in New York the
Empire State Building crazy thing is the
34th tallest skyscraper in the world
when at a time it was the tallest South
Carolina is the place to be because
they've got somewhere else on that
Myrtle Beach and they just have a girl
showing her bum attracts tourists census
climate and large number of family
attractions aka bums brilliant family
attractions they are oh this is honesty
Yosemite National Park loves to go
hiking here climbing here camping here I
mean not like people do crazy climbs
there when they go free hand free
climbing stuff not that crazy but I
really want to go there some roping the
Colosseum in Rome I've actually been
there with a bunch of youtubers don't I
think there's a picture of - can
somewhere got a picture outside it doing
that something somewhere else I've been
the Burj Khalifa man being up there with
Stephanie if you guys saw particularly
particularly cost come and you saw this
by video we were up there I think that's
a tallest right tallest building in the
world
it is crazy when you're there it's just
like bigger than just ridiculous like so
much taller than any other building
close to it Waikiki in Hawaii I've never
been to Hawaii but I want to go to
Hawaii
Grand Canyon Arizona what am I talking
about am I not listen I thinking yeah
like Vince the Grand Canyon as well I
did when I went to Vegas we Mindel as
mean the boys to get helicopter ride you
leave Vegas and you land in the Grand
Canyon you have a champagne picnic which
they sell - sounds really nice is
actually like bit champagne like soggy
sandwich but you don't care because
you're in one of most beautiful places
in the world
so very lucky took on that my tubes -
Chris go to South America yen Peru isn't
it one the most dangerous hikes in the
world correct me if I'm wrong I have not
been there Niagara Falls I've not been
to Niagara Falls would be very cool to
go to Canada to see the Niagara Falls
this way is in Canada yeah it's on the
border isn't it
border of US and Canada Mardi Gras
Louise
Jahna haven't been Oktoberfest in
Bavaria I've never been to buy pink I'm
gonna go this year
moved up on nuchal to you German not
true Dom party which is famous for the
hunchback is not cut down as nice
transfer but I just love a film I have
been that beautiful beautiful building I
love Paris's architectures you squeeze
prime Square New York where I happen to
be again I'm being there since being
here but I've been there before it's
much cooler to see at night then in the
daytime if you're gonna plan on going
that my hometown London is cool that's
on the list Las Vegas Strip Nevada I
have been there a few times I really
love Vegas bases a lot of fun a lot of
fun but then whoo yeah I've been to the
Berlin Wall first one with my mates when
we went to Berlin in February last year
for my friend's birthday and we went to
the Berlin Wall South Beach Florida is
that Miami I did not know that is one of
my Instagram or place in the world
Eiffel Tower I had been there it is
especially beautiful it honestly when
the Eiffel Tower lights up at night and
it sparkles that is one of most magical
moments you will ever witness Disneyland
California is the most enjoyable place
in the world not sure about that I mean
it's you know it's okay but there's wow
it's very interesting well there we go
that rounds up the motions round grazing
the world a really daring cuz my throat
is like right now but yeah oh you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if you
did and I'll see you guys tomorrow in
our video all right goodbye
