No what's up beautiful people how's it
going with weren't pink today pink
because you stink actually goes the line
of this video because this is try not to
cringe and it's also on stand-up
comedians something I would never
attempt to do once I'm clearly not funny
enough and two because I just don't have
the balls to try and crack jokes in
front of you right stand up comedian
you basically have to think you're the
funniest person in the world because if
you don't think you're funny like you
it's just a weird concept isn't it so
today's triumph cringe is that a
comedian here yeah oh that's very bad
you'll restart you can outrun your
parents another bathroom you quickly
figure out because you cannot outrun
your pants
so I fasted a lot near the soul yawn
right and you're into a cowboy NFL is a
wiki right away histories give up now I
can put the going to try or again the
promise on animals of the pasture my
paintings
hey ah oh it's turning off no I I don't
I just ago what makes you say oh one
second stop seriously women again oh ha
ha ha what
are you like a cop I'm saying if your
guy is a pay attention to dumb coffee
blonde so he's not only homophobic he's
ooh so sexist whatever your fucking
blonde that is this like how call it in
in Middle America lugs all right I never
won I don't in it okay I met a girl
we're going to focus I said you think I
am a girl so the tow story shows her
story how he meets a girl and then
everyone's rinses him like you may go on
you think biceps mean you get girls
how can you can he telling story just
start like doubt state clearly your shit
no one likes you like does he get off
that stage and he's like yeah I smashed
it just terrible crowd like they just
really weren't that good again on his
pacing him I should probably try
something else I hope you have some fun
otherwise by a bunch of fucking
cockroach eating grasses were all good
when they clearly wanting everyone to
laugh and it's just absolute Island
whatever even with no offense but since
it's my last night your gala and the age
of clapping stage your career than $3
billion fucking a birds will why do
people why he was still making like gay
gay jokes you'll get what do you say
you're queer than a three dollar bill
just give up which no it's cool is the
ordinary
after you wait exactly we do hmm don't
rolling it no fan so I'm trying to give
the guy a break is just how much funnier
I am cringing and hard so hard like this
guy's all four attempts of joke yeah
what fucking wing in the bathroom fuck
you okay Wow good one don't have a girl
so you know what you know what he's like
he's trying to be smart like I don't
have a girl and he's taking the piss out
of people saying you're gonna fuck him
in the toilet and he's like then we can
all just join in fuck him I don't I
think they're crapping at York enough
mate you know the difference between
fucking looking for a golf ball in epoch
I gotta spend 20 minutes looking for a
fucking golf ball really walk back
fucking bomb along parently all hope you
guys anything that's a way to like win
the crowd back just to keep abusing them
like just literally saying yeah fuck you
guys fucking piece of shit
oh hey I do eat oh right oh so when he's
retinas out you think he's like
expecting he's pause in moments hoping
that people are gonna go ha ha ha arrows
just like
if one thing is that what you get
married because women right again oh my
god dude you don't feel not funny
you don't experience a women fucking
suck actually I am have you get
introduced by the bond of fucking gene
Simmons and Artie Lange better target
lines and everybody sorry man no I'm
saying he's kind of funny though he's
like been doing it for 25 years
bullshit thank you all for wearing
Brooklyn cherries anybody fuckin philly
ok did you go surfing today ok did you
lose your keys no but I see your radio
letting me you actually married
yeah do that pick up women you're not
gonna hurt my feelings I'm gonna work
nope I mean unless I was a teller and
fucking KFC saying you can't have the
double stacker with it oh oh oh is jokes
I like just fat shaming or just being
sexist nice but not even like people can
joke about that in a funny way he's just
the most unfunny thing I've ever seen in
my life
don't ruin the site you're doing good
holy shit a woman with intelligence go
figure
my god Wow take your filter Road systems
in this country man well don't
skyscrapers in the building men unlock
disclosure alarm system in this fucking
place and like my something
except for the fact that your seats
probably fuckin soggy and dirty because
you get a fuckin hairy ass and your
fucking fat you fucking suck on the
fucker
oh my word yeah call you sassy for your
uninsured of America bad guys I am
writing page do comedy yeah I have a
like a couple careers going on
goatee what the open life is fucking
jack just foolin yet yes
supporting real comics I didn't know you
were going to be here just work it is
notated me I am yes how much you get
paid for your left in this set it's
priceless invaluable you can't put a
price on what's going on right now don't
be angry do you just have a good time
I'm a cute little faces my microphone
that's one very nice very nice why my
we're posing comedy but I'm dating Chris
you're a comedy no seriously are you
incoming you know what
regardless you're going to die before me
you fat fucking asshole so fuck you take
my stage presence to fucking anything I
hope you rot in hell after the ranchers
and fuckin choke on your own good closer
oh the most a way I like to sit through
in my life
ah like I wanted to cry sorry this whole
coin if you start try stand up
oh good I said I kind of saw him just be
so dumb but like yes you got between
your place sometime well anyway I hope
you enjoyed that video maybe you got
some last out of how awful those people
were he's really a thumbs up if you did
I'll see you guys tomorrow moving on
video alright peace out bye
