hello people safety people oh my god is
hot it is so hot where I am I'm in New
York at the moment I'm doing a weekly
vlog actually that's going up on the
main channel which you'll see soon I'm
in New York and it's 35 degrees also if
you listen if there's any pauses in you
hear there that's just air coming
through because it's hot right today's
video is going to be a little bit more
conspiracy yes we haven't gone into one
of these kind of videos in a while now I
feel but it can be a little bit creepy
because we're going to be looking at
actors who have died in doing their job
which is acting a lot the time obviously
people have stumped men and some women
these days some stunt people do is
they're like the stump stump stunter
that's called a stunt er I hope you have
stunts of these days but a lot of people
like to do their own risque maneuvers
whatever you want to call them I guess
some people have died doing that not
that this is going to be all about
people doing crazy stunts I don't know
what it's going to be about yet so let's
just have a look at how actors have died
and I guess it's going to be also a bit
older I'm guessing just because I feel
that health and safety now is so on it
that I just wouldn't allow people to die
these days I mean someone might have a
heart attack and got me stop that but
let's begin during the filming of The
Twilight Zone Vic Morrow was killed on
set on set in 1982 along with two child
actors the twilight zone script
called for the use of both a helicopter
and pyrotechnics - deadly combination
this hit helicopter pyrotechnics is fake
explosions right think it during a scene
in which Mora was being attacked by
American soldiers in Vietnam the
pyrotechnics exploded severing the
helicopters tail which caused it to
crash Pacific ating mora and killing the
two child actors that's so scary
surely the film company must have got
sued so much money for that later it
came out that the children who died were
going to be paid illegally under the
table allegedly the director was trying
to avoid California's laws against kids
working at night as well as working
Tenshi dangerous combination of the
helicopter and pyrotechnics john landis
the director and four others were
charged with two counts of involuntary
manslaughter oh my god
apparently though jury decided that the
director obviously didn't mean for it to
happen and wasn't expecting to be
dangerous and found him not guilty
that's crazy like someone's got to be in
trouble for not assessing those health
the health healthiness of everyone
Brandon Lee why recognize Brandon Lee
son of marsh lot no way the son of Bruce
Lee was killed in 1993 in a Sun accident
on the set of the crow he was meant to
get shot in the scene but that the hang
and they were using actually had a real
bullet in it and he got shot he was
walking through a doorway carrying a
grocery bag as another actor fired
blanks at him from 15 feet away oh my
god director Alex Proyas used a double
and some special effects in order to
complete the movie to suffer I was just
like oh so I go that happened method of
thing John Ritter John Ricca
unfortunately collapsed on the set of 8
simple rules for dating my teenage
daughter he fell ill whilst filming the
show and suddenly just collapse so
rushed hospital and found out he had a
10 is a hora like there's nothing things
that is just savage because there's
nothing any like you just say all poor
the poor sods like just death you know
happen to be working on the last day of
his life like that's that's pretty
horrible Tyrone Power this is in 1958
this dude was in a fencing scene you
know to Google a lot strike fencing and
had a heart attack literally during the
scene just had a hot second well oh oh
it must be so awful to film imagine that
like personally sentencing with everyone
around it's just like Oh what was he
foreign oh oh it just died right in
front of us is horrible Roy Kenya in
Kenya think Kenya so 54 year old British
actor fell from a horse in Spain whilst
filming the return of the Musketeers
he broke
pelvis I went hospital but I didn't die
from that he died the next day in
hospital from a heart attack how is
that they so jeez this makes honey
so deep we have Martha Mansfield this is
that in 1923 so nearly a hundred years
ago she was filming a silent film in her
breaks and nothing to throw in her break
she was sat in a car just chillin just
literally turned a random passerby
lights a cigarette smokes a cigarette
flicks the match it happens to land in
the car through the window in the car on
her who's wearing a highly flammable
dress from all those years ago what
happened she goes burning up in flames
but how what a freak accident next one
is a bit just close to my heart because
I was a massive massive fan cracking
right it's a bloody beauty it's a real
perla Steve Irwin or what a legend mate
Steve Irwin
crikey my extra Beauty Expert I'm gonna
stop the impression how much from a long
time I saw watches ace love love his TV
shows growing up the kid I honestly me
and my sisters and he unfortunately I
remember when he passed away I think I
cried I think I was that attached him as
a childhood kind of hero he was filming
a documentary ocean ocean's deadliest
animals 2006 and was killed by stingray
yeah I remember there was at the time of
video going round of it and II can't
really see it's literally like just does
that it get John the Eric tech from 1984
filming a TV series he was on a break
just chillin he had been napping whilst
I was delayed whilst you don't film
stuff there's always crazy delays so he
was nothing he woke up from that thing
found out that there's more delays and
jokingly just picked up this Magnum 44
which was loaded with blanks put it to
his head and said can you believe this
crap obviously joking pulls the trigger
and bullet fragment shattered his goal
he was rushed is rushed to the hospital
where surgery is performed and 6080 was
pronounced brain dead so savage are what
something from Top Gun art school I only
thought our art show short show only for
this film not that long ago one of the
stunt pilots are worthless so d so
they're filming that this is a film in
the 80s a thing and film equipment is on
the plane you're trying to do a maneuver
like a spin the film equipment that was
on the plane weighed it down so much
that it couldn't complete the spin and
crashed into ocean the 51 year-old died
right so Savage so yeah that's a little
bit non conspiracy a bit more deep kind
of I like going to these information
kind of s videos a bit I hope you guys
enjoy them if you did please give it a
thumbs up as it lets me know you liked
it let me know if you'd like to see more
stuff like this and we'll do that and I
will see you guys tomorrow
alright goodbye see then a red plate
