hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing I'm a bit ill but hey that doesn't
matter today we're going to be looking
at some of the biggest to be of gossip
on YouTube we've already made a video on
the main channel about the unbelievably
talented is every day Bros on quality
time in the last week as a lot of you
probably are aware this YouTube drama
between the pools has grown to extreme
Heights and no one knows where it's
going to go out how it's going to end
and everyone's just dropping new songs
that every day a new fresh Toones being
dropped every day bro so we're just
gonna have a look and and delve into how
this beef happened why it happened and
who came out on top
ahh starting off Logan Paul mr. Logan
Paul he released the song that she I
think is quite a good sign quite a
catchy song it's it's a good song what
do i I only told you 12 times the first
guys that you put on it still you'll get
fine
I genuinely really reacted so I think
it's a it's a great song those kids can
sing
Logan can sing this proper music video
tell me how what you try to do cuz I
don't got a clue 907 you happy yeah I
can vibe to that I'm support that I
really honestly think that's good
quality stuff from there I mean yeah do
we need to go on to on to Jake oh that
song just the start makes me feel sick I
made a whole video about this song so I
don't need to talk about it song
and Jay Paul and Tim tan released this
song called it's everyday bro and it was
horribly received by everyone
god it's really fuck is a guy ok so we
have found the church or what I hope for
is a it's a good church well actually no
that's not true it's it's got a million
likes is a lot it's also got a million
dislikes which is also a lot but a drew
mainstream attention because it still is
awful just on March 10 it's nothing like
that is why it received the kind of
negative and the message it was
portraying so then a few days a day I
never I was like oh my god it's a joke
bro oh ah
was it really though I think I don't
know not get into that
so from there this whole kind of beef
thing came about I think Logan made a
video reacting to Jake song and probably
throwing a bit of shade towards it I
have actually watched this yes we can
yeo jingoo what do you do it broke and
Logan kind of has the right to say that
you know you can say what we want about
his brother of course he can but it was
also shit song and always think corner 8
I think Jake took you a little bit too -
and got a little bit annoyed so he made
a whole diss track and his older brother
Logan yeah we made it in one day we
complaining we had like three days to be
better so critical everyone's so
critical nowadays again jake has this
whole thing with like this is all done
in one day like as if it's bragging
about something that's why shit don't do
it in one day like spend some time on it
make it good
we're gonna make it this track Logan we
head into the studio we're going to make
a diss track Logan we head into the
studio we head into the studio right
let's listen to this fire here we go
what fire came out for me
Barna I'm gonna Rose Royce cook this one
no no not a lot of fish why don't we go
rushing is all we made we didn't in one
day you an offense but it sounds good
his songs good use of them first and
your song is done okay why don't we Jose
he would straight our own mmm an
eight-mile like this is some serious
he's pulling right now only thing worse
than your song is our gang go there such
as my woman mr. Donald Trump there I
don't really love it Oh mr. Donald Trump
hair and Simba and we know your
contention that why you jump a song and
take me to prom or in rhythm with fire
absolute fire and quite annoying if I
may on it's quite annoying like cool
make a diss track was just sounds
annoying
Logan responds I already saw this one
I'm pretty sure Logan just kills him and
every way possible
it's got way more views way more like
way less dislikes
so there's have a look what load load
load big I made one phone call I got the
same house of you awesome strong it's
right
I made you famous what if the pastor
happens right yeah you wanted me but who
helps you read all your life me don't
forget or you were my shadow one fine
thing is Logan actually sounds like good
on the track you know like he sounds
maybe not like a rapper but he sound
good house well produced he sounds like
he knows what he's doing
the farmers are always looking at your
face you know no one a music lover doing
not the nature man today you know I saw
a live stream they were doing like Logan
and them did the song live and I was
like actually legit like these guys a
propagates and I can rap to a happy
then I goes a little bit weird on him
from the same model biologically you
know that makes us brothers crazy
respected by the music that I was like
crazy hi everyone talking about second
verse
so he pretty much killed him with that
it's just better everything's better
about it it's a better song it's better
it's better then the next week goes by
and Logan talks about the second verse
he then throws it away or something he's
never going to show again second verse
gets lead to list of violets in MPI I
owe ya term anyway all this happens and
then last night they upload two videos
two music videos Jay Paul's was kind of
like let's watch it I love you bro song
fees Logan pull and make this tag line
is wearing a like a good negativity what
happened to the clouds and the happy
energy came up in Ohio wasn't what to do
and we found a place for you to flow
this just like a nice little song isn't
it I mean it's a bit cringe but just
nice you know they're apologizing maybe
they found each other the same as what
Mulcair not asking the devil joganki I'm
just going to say one thing and I think
Jake you're killing you're killing the
YouTube game right now I don't think you
should continue to rap because I just
don't think you've got that in you you
know where's Logan
you can do whatever you want me you can
sing you can rap you can act YouTube you
do everything Logan you're an
all-rounder Jake and more just bit more
you know just better at one thing so
pick with that one thing
I love you in my book and I want you to
know that I'm sorry for our nice tomato
yeah friends brothers love spread the
love and everything and Logan also did a
video on his channel the rise of the
pause now me meeny miny smoke make a
youtuber and roast in flow they so below
it's clear that all these are the buzz
of humbling out whether messed up but he
still got his Disney contract see me in
person
Oh everybody parts to the erection I
could take them on one on one though no
fighter we're not looking to buy in
because Logan's pre Atletico you know he
looks like you could you could hurt
someone
Jake maybe not but again I'm not really
fighting tight one-on-one no basketball
and I've gone something stop loaded
second first can never come out but bro
what do you think we should address that
one thing that everyone's like you're
wondering about no I'm serious it'll be
another like week of bringing out the
second verse and like hiding it throwing
away and leaking and all those things
that's what we like this beef is
continuing yeah Jesus Christ that was
quite an annoying song I was I'm team
logo gang all the way through this that
song though is just a bit bit arrogant
that so isn't it stuck don't know where
to go as a viewer you know as a viewer
viewing in on these masterpieces where
do you go you go jakey would you go for
Loki it was always low-key but piss me
off a bit that song that's Americans
flying about but hey I'm still waiting
for you to come back I'm roast them just
as a viewer watching in on is holding
because that's why I am right I'm I'm
the same as you guys just just a person
watching in on this drama unfold anyway
what's your opinion on this whole
shebang you team Logan 18:10 or you
don't give a fuck you hate them or you
what are you guys a but yeah I hope you
enjoyed this video it might
slightly longer I would see you guys
movin on video I good back peace
