hello beautiful sexy people look at that
sexy vest
yeah it's not plantation Friday
unfortunately remember when that was a
thing yeah sorry it's not thing anymore
some people want me to bring it back but
a lot of you just didn't like it so you
gotta please the Masters right so
today's video is going to be a bit
advisory a bit sit down a bit chatty I'm
just going to chat to you guys I've got
some questions that I'm going to ask
from you about like how to be a youtuber
because did you know a youtuber is the
most requested career in kids at school
when they want to grow up they want to
be a youtuber that's what people are
saying so got some questions to help
inspire them just like any of you
thinking about doing or any of you are
are doing it and just one want something
that well because I'm mad okay
Paulina wants to know how to overcome
the hate this is a very good question
because when you first start doing
YouTube and not many people start
watching you when you first get a few
viewers everyone is usually really
positive and really nice and supportive
and you start doing this really small
tight-knit community of just nice people
because they found your videos and then
they slowly grow with you and grow the
etc then you get hate comment of so on a
dislike your video and you feel so
abused inside by that you're like why
does this person hate me what have I
done
and you feel targeted you feel but you
want to ask them why you want to chat
them and it brings your whole mood down
and this was such a big thing to
overcome because you're just like why
why why they hate me and to be honest
the only advice I can say is like you
kind of have to just try and not think
that focus on the positive stuff because
the haters are just there because
they're lowlifes they got nothing to do
they literally are just trolling you
whatever whereas if you care about the
real people people actually watch your
content and care about what they're
watching and comment and like they're
the people you're going to get your good
energy of vibe off of them so try and do
that for the beginning stage and then I
always think it's really funny the
amount of hate that I'll get now I don't
I literally don't care about it I think
because I've come so numb to it and I
just kind of take it and make fun of
that so you guys have seen I've made
videos
with like hate comments and stuff just
because I think it's funny to sometimes
joke back with them about something as
long as it's not too personal but anyone
that's too personal ironing out is block
them cut them out Katie wants to know
essential cameras mics and equipment now
I'm probably not the best person ask
because I'm not like a camera connect
fanatic who's obsessed with the new that
Alfie Alfie buy is a new camera every
time we go to the airport now where you
going about waltrip Alfie will buy a new
camera or a new lens something like that
for me I use a Canon 70d it's good
because it has like an autofocus you can
leave almost you're moving so it's good
for that kind stuff microphone I use a
rode mic for stuff here I think for the
the money that it costs is one of the
best things for vlogging like in front
of a camera when we do sketches we will
use a Microsoft it in my chest because
the sounds much better if I'm doing
stuff in the public and the camera is
far away or it's just someone's better
sound quality that way even when we do a
sketch and that's also rode mic and it's
actually cheaper than this mic up here
and you just plug it into your phone and
it records as a voice memo so you sync
up and then you can I hear that way
vlogging wise to be able to use my phone
for a lot of vlogging because it's great
easy you don't have to carry camera
around I'm not one of those people who
has like a camera bag and I'm not casey
nice that who's got so much camera
equipment I don't know what to do with
that I like easiness so I just have my
phone and depends on the style of your
content but a lot of people always worry
about the quality how it looks at cetera
but you've got to think a lot of the
time is content over quality you know
like right now this looks nice the
backgrounds blurred and so that but if
that ground wasn't blood is not really
going to make any difference to this
video whereas if you're doing an after
you blog and you're kind of like a
filmmaker aspiring to be that sort of
kind of youtuber then maybe camera
equipment etc is a bigger thing for you
and the types of different things you
use does make more sense but it totally
depends on what you're what you're
wanting to achieve more kind of videos
you want to make but for a lot of the
things you don't need super high and
equip them give some Abraham how
over the nervousness of talking to a
camera that's actually a really big
thing not only talking like to a camera
how I am now a lot of that is vlogging
in the public you guys know of me I'm
not very good at vlogging in public on
my own yeah I'm always we get really
nervous I'm going in public I always
feel much more comfortable I'm with
someone doesn't matter who that person
is I suddenly feel a lot more
comfortable talking like this through a
camera when I started I would do it when
no but in the house ii didn't want
anyone to hear me or I'd do it when like
my mom was hoovering the house so I knew
she definitely wouldn't come in or I
could hear the Hoover stop when she was
going to come in because there I was a
secret and I was nervous and I didn't
want to be like yo I'm talking to a
camera but I feel like now a youtuber is
such a known thing that if you're
telling your parents are oh I'm gonna
make youtube videos they kind of go oh
yeah like I've seen those videos before
you know how do you get more subs by
them not gain subscribers when you start
is very very hard I kind of found
collaborating was great to begin with
and I talked about this earlier that I
really feel like the generation of
YouTube's for me didn't really collab
and it was our generation that came up
together everyone clapping everyone
hanging out and we were the first real I
want to say community from YouTube that
we were always hangout always in
people's videos always helping everyone
whenever someone had something cool
you'll tweet it we do just because we
will meet and want to help our mates and
that helped everyone grow but a lot of
that has changed since then you know the
youtubes coming up now I feel like these
big daily vlogging things that are
really popular at the moment are based
around they plan things that happen in
the videos so a lot of daily builders
will literally not film that day like oh
I'm doing this day I'm doing that it's
more what crazy thing can we do today
cool that will get us fused we'll do
that for the title and thumbnail and
then they do the rest of the vlog around
but everything in the blogs pretty much
set up you know that's kind of where
daily blogging ourselves going how do
you make your voice not sound weird I
don't know your voice it I think that's
to do with your thought process
saying up because when you first hear
your voice so many people like I hate
the sound of my own voice that's just
because how you sound through a speaker
or through something recorded it's
different to how you think you sound so
when I'm talking now I think I sound
honest but how I actually sound is
slightly different and I think that's
what throws people off but that's just a
habit thing and you'll get over that
soon I don't worry about that upsides
and downsides of being youtuber upsides
there is hundreds literally I think have
the best job in the world I can manage
my own time I'm allowed to do you know
I'm essentially my own boss so I can do
what I want when I want just as long as
I get things done I get to travel a lot
from YouTube I feel especially with me
of so many other opportunities of come
out of it like all of the crazy things
I've been able to in the last year is
because of YouTube and you guys watch my
videos which is awesome and I'm always
grateful for those kinds of things some
of the downsides I would say is that you
have to be or you don't have to be but
you feel like a commitment to share your
personal life and that's just me
speaking though I daily vlog for two
years it's like you let this you let
people in on your life and then when
things happen you feel like you have to
share what happens with your audience
and that's a bit of a weird thing I feel
like now I would just be a bit more
pride in them but like I don't know
that's the thing it's like some
youtubers a daily vlog chefs so much
information about their private life and
it's just really hard that when you want
to step back and have a bit of privacy
it's really hard once you put a lot of
things out there so that's another thing
I'd say it's just sometimes think about
what you're actually putting on the
internet because it will be there
forever here's a question
how long does it take to get the perfect
thumbnail now for these videos I'll show
you our doodle process now so I finished
the video so when I'm throwing more
Marcus I'll be like well there we go
thank you so much for watching I hope
has been insightful to you guys maybe
this can be a theory so if you enjoy it
let me know maybe leave your questions
down there but I would look to know if
you'd like more of this or you just want
me to shut up and never talk about
again let me know and then I would say
I'm not see you guys tomorrow in our
video subscribe to the new bye
that's how the video ends as soon as
that finishes I turn auto focus on my
camera on now I'm in thumbnail mode so I
will get a bit closer to the camera and
what I try to think with each video is
what is the sum now going to be in my
head and it's tries to vision you know
is there going to be a picture here is
there gonna be a picture there is there
going to be picture like I'm actually in
the middle so sometimes do a variation
of things so I might come here no
because it's like YouTube I might go
thinking face so deep in thought that I
might move here and be a bit closer like
because might put something down might
put your questions there so it's like
and now I say I've got the thumbnail
shot and I'm going to actually finish
the video so yeah see you guys tomorrow
Hey
