hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going welcome to my show what imagine if
that was the first time someone has seen
my videos they're like oh my god this
guy speaks the 9th place anyway today is
a trying video on the battery's fashion
we're just going to run with it we're
just going to hope that doesn't die on
me had to buzz when it just drops like
that today is trying pop-tarts but like
not so we know chocolate strawberry
pop-tarts the really weird flavors I
mean when it says on the front
artificially flavored that is what you
want isn't it that is something you want
to eat for breakfast I feel like they're
huge in America right and in the UK I
used to have my dad juice given to me
for breakfast so good nutritious dad
thanks for that gave me my ABS when I
was a teenager yeah we're ending you
meant to eat them and you meant to eat
them for breakfast you need many
sometimes - no but I really like that
like their ingredients list enriched
flour wheat flour nice and reduced iron
vitamin B fireman monetary vitamin b2
riboflavin folic acid corn syrup sugar
high fructose corn syrup soybean and
palm oil with blah blah freshness
dextrose contains 2% or less of cacao
processed with alkali modified corn
starch salt leavening baking soda so a
moment halfway through yet Oh
so first up pops are frosted red velvet
I can't be bothered to eat them so my
personal preference is just a mouse
parachute mouths very very good what
flavors are red velvet are you know me
that's one let's go I mean it does smell
very let's get this breaks out
stop poking on my face focus on the
pop-tart there you go mmm here we go
what's this gonna taste like
and so disappointing that is so
underwhelming he's taking all the saliva
of my mouth next up watermelon
watermelon these even in date
it smells horrific look I forgot them
this is what the watermelons looking
like guys here we go
for the while a melon eyes I'm going to
snap in half again
oh no revolt is a cheery mo Maori Oh
horrible
literally nothing like watermelon who is
lying that seriously who is paying for
that next on the list we've got blue
raspberry naturally and artificially
flavored give me I'm sorry we've we've
done that we've said this before
proud sponsor feeling pick and what
Olympic athlete is eating pop-tarts
seriously salut are are three again look
some lovely really really lovely lovely
Oh the inside or smells so bad
you I think I'm so fussy birds just it's
natural just no part of me things that's
nice I mean to be fair the Royal rebate
of it the blue raspberry is actually the
nicest tasting bit but I mean very
artificially than that there we go I'm
sorry if I offended you some of you
might absolutely love pop-tarts I used
to love them I used to love the
chocolate one like I said but when I'm
just trying and recently I'm just like
what's the big fuss room I don't get it
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the
video give a thumbs up if you did I'll
see you tomorrow with another one
goodbye
