the Grand Tour
let's get those 300 that was close those
retweets
so smooth so classy about Matt do you
want to eat to see on ice nice Drive I
mean I just did up what you telling me
you can't review it running news here's
some quality content for you
it's as if Marcus star the road trip so
I'm just getting some bogies out when I
was lovely guys get close-up on that how
you feeling start the road trip team
markers whoa
need those points yeah we do I might do
cool little time-lapse later like hold
it like that all right Casey nice that's
all that's lighting no I'm just saying
that's clever
he's clever isn't it well good you are
good they're cringing Bluetooth whoa
thanks guys Jeremy Clarkson here to see
you guys you're getting a lot of looks
from yep Scottish the Ranger Barry you
just offended a lot of people yeah you
know I can speak both tech that's
actually very bad one that generally
they're you're quite good at accents
you know if I I need to hear someone and
then I can copy yeah I was gonna say
you're not Joe sugg but you are you're
pretty good I realize you know that
Christmas song you really like I've
quite good impression about go get
anyone yeah that's pretty good
yeah I won't say is I feel like and just
hold the moon's as if he's drunk my
favorite is o no is 500 people playing
for a red light that makes it I love
them they messed around about red light
they lost
okay over I can see the I got the convoy
behind me I'm the leader oh that's a
lovely park some good park chat going
take your next right
yeah their set of traffic lights please
I said this one hurt yeah going right
over oh look at that dog
it's a greyhound - poke they know yeah
what I was gonna say agents ready to let
you drive
do you fetch when I first got in the
electric car and then get absolute risks
is this a city
yeah I'm looking forward to seeing what
this Apple we can do need to play some
good car games what was your favorite
when you're going
lay low car you even see one exam Oh
cheater
yeah the way you win games but I still
like playing the waiting game now
occasionally occasionally when you see
people in a frame like we know when on
trains away I don't in the middle of the
street did you have any of that what the
wine last night what do you think Oh
what was your dream
explicit I love this car right maybe if
you say what it is enough I love this
new mwy hitter eight mile of BMW comfy
seats yeah but I said I only realized
I'm not six-foot like last year I'm not
smooth average is not five foot seven
average five or seventy average height
male UK I reckon is five foot ten bye
denied being average the average high of
a male in England is five foot seven and
a half is five foot nine and you just
say
printer up there can you just say I am
Smith duh my eyes I mean you need to be
proud of you to take that take ownership
ya own that small man syndrome and you
google how to Richard Hammond is
actually um similar to him five foot
seven right well II five nine six one
six one okay because the greatest
football of all time let's see how tall
he is
Ronaldo no message 5/7 I'm taller than
the greatest footballer at all times
well done oh that's good a shame oh wait
do you want to know scores oh okay
thirty thousand archers mid-morning
matters itself isn't great bad
