I'm back yo yo I'm back in savage
manhood savage hammer the slavka hello
beautiful sexy people welcome today to a
highly requested video based on the last
week's video which was watching that
stupid challenge of people economists
calls that get dumb Chuck get ugly
challenge
don't judge me challenge and all the
comments like please do girl blows and
please do girl's version so we found the
girl's version and we're going to watch
it and see what amazing treat things
they're doing headphones are in savage
Marcus is out until you got mass they're
really young I'm just like oh that's
cute you're gonna regret that when
you're older Oh
first thing can I just say like what I
didn't say is the nos is it one of the
reasons why it's charge pissed me off
so much it's because everyone assumes
that having freckles or fake eyebrows
and a glasses make you ugly like get
real with in 2017 people don't be so
judgmental of people's look although I'm
completely doing it myself it's so
ironic isn't it it's called the don't
judge me challenge I don't think you've
been more judged in your life Wow girls
fucking slay that faux go on just in
case you haven't already put your hair
behind your ear keep doing it you know
keep stroking that bit hair keep doing
that because that is good nice sexy eyes
very annoying music turning down with
two n is nowhere near as cringe as the
boys first they still like that it's
look fucking weird laughing it's nothing
funny you're not laughing out of it can
they like move their faces at all it
looks like they've got so much plastic
surgery in that page look us is the envy
Candyman a Mills theoretic but back at
dick
what back at dick
yeah that slow-mo look in there come
again a slow morning a minute already
slimmer look us you see and we can leave
animals the early but like a dick what
back at it it goes with the girls is
more about the pal thing you know the
old and like doing this thing with your
lips where they're not open they're not
closed it's like you're trying to blow
air through them but you're a little bit
like constipated and concentrated on try
but at the same time like that's what I
look a bit like the shoulders now maybe
hate this song
I've just never seen more awkward videos
in my life with that just staring at the
camera what the fuck you doing
who's why are you doing that just I just
don't get it I want to be like one of
these cool kids this to this to this
am i longer Gabby
what are you doing literally looks like
she just props are selfish this is weird
I think you've got a bit too much
lipstick on it kind of goes like out of
your lips a bit okay so the guys have
their way to be sexy the girls aren't
quite as cringe I feel but it's just
it's like this hair grab like they have
long hair versus oh it's just like
crunching the hair what
what is crunching and hair got to do
with I mean what is this challenge in
the first place we already know that
this challenge is good as well
these girls aren't as young as I thought
this was when it started I thought I was
going to be like eight-year-olds and so
these are like
16 17 18
oh my god Wow fuckin Oh what is Jane
like missing the camera and the other
one is definitely well annoyed that
she's in front of the camera more than
her so she's like listen I like oh yeah
oh what a mess
go y'all got it we'll have it break yeah
we don't know what to do so they just
like touching ahead together on the
right is bopping so awkwardly look at
the way she's moving
even weirder because but like with the
boys they were giving like doing things
a bit more whereas the girls are just
like staring into your soul doing
nothing other than it's a bit freaky you
got a lot of different expressions of
men into I'm done I'm sorry I'm so over
this challenge I never want to see
another one of those things again in my
life like I said that for me is nowhere
near as I mean no it's very it
frustrating to watch Dilbert not as bad
as the boys ones I must admit but I
still just like what what are you doing
you narcissistic annoying people so yeah
there we go Randy Marx's over for today
if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up and I see you guys tomorrow
everyone back
