you know my screen my name is Matt Goss
and I think I do a pretty good Russian
accent would you like for starts the
video no you'll think this is a good
Russian Maxim though you'll think it's a
good Russian accent it's not that
example at the meerkats I am Alexander a
founder I've compared them near Capcom
hello viewer those people welcome to
youtubers baby photos episode to see
series - yeah you like that boom you
guys know how work Matt shows me
pictures I have to guess who they are
your self guess who they are that's the
video let's go I think I know who that
is
but eat before I guess that is an
amazing picture well is it like child
labor clean the stairs son is it Issa no
oh it's not it looks a bit item doesn't
matter this is quite getting filled up
later if you can if you know you choose
always accuse being lazy stuff like that
eat lots for it there's no hobbies
worked no it's not Jerry you're so my
guesses it's not Jerry SATA
no no what I guess this is nothing I
shall profit English or American
American class get philip Franco no
David a brick no way I did not as I
david dobrik whereas his friends like
all of his other crew okay next it's
quite young have braces isn't it yes I
know who it is do ya hmm
Logan polo yeah low get low gang for
like yo ever so I don't know I'm not
positive are looting not far below game
looks realized leave me go man is it's
really difficult
it's not an easy one they America they
can American yeah I'll sell beauty yeah
hey Rebecca won't her name wait you oh I
was close come on you could have gone
clothes you just like no it's Rachel
Evan Rachel Levin asked your beauty
wonderful kid yes I am a legend who the
bloody hell is that
see I think that's easy I don't even
look young that's it what about give you
keep clearing the old then I will say
this is very old folk the fantasies it
looks like someone out of Vampire
Diaries or something
any guesses do I know them well possibly
yeah
do we ever talk about they'll say I
forget okay why would it black me that
would mean yeah my god
that's not full of Frank oh no I need a
clue I literally can't see anything in
that person because change them I'll get
it away Anjali you calling missing an
American yeah not eaten is what the fuck
that is not eaten it's not either
he is pranked everyone there that is not
eating so I really need to edit decision
- so - what do you say - is that what
it's all day bro
oh yeah team 10 pitch while you cut
their head off
sure why is that had bit better is that
Joey no looks like the what if you know
the picture of Joey when indicator looks
like him I
anything at PHS or cherry okay you can
now click what did you do your best
fill it Franco Oh al can you just put
him in there I just want to see him as a
basket it oh no it's not her and I'm
giving it to do I know them yes okay
annoying at the YouTuber some people say
yes that means you think they are no I I
don't know can we give up was a name him
with that get it away
can't give you that the feeling yes is
it yeah I mean at its Clutton no Gina
welcome to teach lip swinglish I think
you lips can Denis how do you do many
clicks are Emily no personal self
youtuber
the gabbie show is it
bethany mota no that's one for American
see so arms goodnight Andrea Andrea
Russett I would never of course not and
you're us is we have Beach back in the
days are these yeah I would love to be
able to find those messages oh my god so
funny
there we go that was season 2 episode 2
season 2 of YouTube YouTube is embed
wrong channel YouTube's baby photos gets
YouTube by the baby fire there we go
I hope you guys are just playing along
as well cute video thumbs up if you did
not teach movin on videos bye
