hello beautiful sexy people I can't I
feel like I look tanned in this light
but if you saw me in real life I'm not
tanned at all
welcome to a trying video today not a
tasting trying just trying products oh
yeah got them all here and my stuff with
them you can't do it they are these are
face masks all of them very weird
flavors and sense
starting off of this honest ism this is
actual snail like slime you know when a
snail goes on the floor at leaves its
slippery mucus on the floor this is a
packet of that apparently is good for
your face I'm really not sure about this
and then the other three I just if we
get even Hong Kong yeah we did anything
all the way from Hong Kong we've just
not got around to using them red wine
masks she have a car they mask sheet
tomato mask sheet so one thing I'm doing
is I'm just going to put a bit of
everything on the face and just see how
that goes really so I have Accardo or
that you just open it you squared out my
thumb Oh smells nice
is there a farting get moisturizer mask
sheet well hell is that
directions tear open and apply space
leave on the 20 to 30 minutes now we
don't that much time for Oh
oh yeah that's bigger that's amazing
look like a American Psycho know how to
murder someone it's very bit by the most
visible so yeah what's on take it up to
this is this what you're gonna do
ladies I need some help here I have no
idea wondering if I'm gonna say anything
it smells great what I'm doing with it
though I have no idea
is this a woman's product I mean that
girls tend to do this this is the hot
thing you want to be coughing them on
your face well this is an avocado one
your face if you say moist but in guys
I'm really not sure about this tomato on
I mean does anyone or ever gone you know
what I want to do a tomato face face
Mars are the same throat you have an a
view you've never sat on one you know
what I fancy a tomato flavored facemask
oh it doesn't even smell nice it smells
horrible it's just a bit creepy
don't know it wait a minute either and
smelling one yeah that's exactly the
same as one before tasting on my lips Oh
what I thought these were guys was a
like paste you know no you put your own
paste one on and I thought I was a very
wet one red wine no one wants to smell
of red wine like sweet red wine yeah so
what I originally thought it was guys
was paste and I said yeah I can cover my
whole face and different ones turns up a
little wet slippery fish not that it's
just bits of paper because all this
sells the worst red wine like is you
just meant to sit there like this with
on and it drive into your face yeah you
do they do that
front-of-house stuff around the house
you do him well stuff round house yeah
candy they were flavor cool - that's red
wine this I'm not sure this is Oh -
knocking this is a mask as well and
that's like actual snail slime ha this
makes a really funny I feel a bit sick
oh it's in sections although there's two
one's name on PA of the word one oh my
god it's so slimy what the hell oh boy
you need to feel that it is so slimy
fill that oh my already don't like this
why don't we live that's going to eat me
that is not going to stay I need some
assistance you need to get it out take
the hakka I wish it would stay oh oh
it's so slimy oh hang on Oh looks like
space invaders
what happened well this is what Michael
Jackson look like if you're a giver so
wet it would be great if this could just
stay out of my mouth this is always like
to have snail slime in what it's
literally you look really scary
snail look this bit fine nothing rock
with it a bit like I'm a superhero
a spitter dubious low but actually I
Jenny I like you this arm for a bit off
the video I'm gonna what was very fun
again y9 Phil's refresher joking I said
so I said it don't wonder to last result
all right do it because I look a bit
like a bird so a little bit of fun yeah
I sort of got bit and BQ well there we
go that's me trying some weird stuff I
hope you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
tomorrow even on goodbye
