however beautiful sexy people welcome me
welcome a literary so much Mele today
yeah I'm different to other youtubers
guys a lot of other people fly back from
somewhere they jet like for that few
days and they cry about in tweet about
it me straight off the plane we've
already recorded podcast today and now
I'm filming because that's I just don't
have any other time really I don't at
the time just do nothing very busy boy
welcome to today's video where we're
going to be jumping or not gonna be
jumping physically but we're going to be
jumping into some scary abandoned places
or creepy scary places in the world that
will scare you city cooling tower old
power station in Belgium oh my god what
does that drop down to yo I would love
to know if any of you have been to any
of these places I'm sure most of all we
haven't if you have get in touch oh
there's a few pictures of it okay cool
that is so like what is that used for
these are worn out parts of cooling
tower in an old Power Station
magnificent trumpet like structure in
the middle introduced hot water to the
structure followed by cooling effect
this yeol that looks so called sunken
yacht Antarctica is that frozen there
brazilian crew taking it to film a
documentary but fell victim strong winds
forcing the crew to abandon the yacht
the water that rushed over the ship
froze cracked its hole and eventually
something up that is has since been
salvaged that looks so cool though
that's on me I'd love to do is I have my
patio can water diving qualification I
would loved I may not call Cuba dive I
would love to go and do ship dive in at
some point in my life that's on the old
bucket list
the Mon dual sea forts in England I
think I've seen boaters of these before
serve the war magnificent force was
supposed there near the Thames and
merger of ISM Britain to provide
protection against German air during
World War two Falls came inhabited by
some new tenants like pirate radio
operators and by the
principality of sealand which claims as
an independent sovereign state so yeah
what is that used for now how did you
get there how did you climb up there I'm
intrigued do you have electricity there
like how's that work The Last House on
Holland Island which looks like it's
literally about to collapse this house
used to be part of what was once a
flourishing small island colony in
Chesapeake Bay in the u.s. frequent boss
erosion this house is the last remained
of Holland line before a collapse of a
collapsed sometimes local adult birds
that I Pripyat Ukraine some fair as well
as this you see a theme park with only
the city of Pripyat was established in
Ukranian close to the border of Belarus
as a Soviet nuclear city it was a
resident it was residential workers who
worked nearby nuclear power oh my god so
the evacuation of the entire city
Pripyat thus remains a radioactive ghost
city haunted by the nightmares of that
dreadful night oh my god whole city yo
would be so cool to go and explore but
also terrifying I did that once with
SETI in Germany we went to a ghost town
I should have blogged that in back that
means I went to a ghost town and it was
like that much smaller but buildings and
you could walk around and almost that
was so much fun
House of the Bulgarian Communist Party
that looks like a spaceship it's kind of
really cool but I also can't figure it
out but how does it a building if that's
not haunted I don't know what is because
the Chateau Miranda in Belgium is a
castle that looks terrifying French
aristocrats were trying to escape the
Revolution after World War 2 the course
began operating as an orphanage oh my
god
it was abandoned in 1980 of the family
denying rights allow authorities to
carefully castle yo our Nara dreamland
Japan I've heard I think we've told that
once in a video before that is a place I
would love to go is 15 pot was it even
Disney I was inspired by Disney man open
in 1961 years the part was build simmers
the one did not
his own sleeping beauty about that but
until you take the part was hazard Li
closed down due to low number of
visitors I'd be fascinated to know if
the ride still work you know can you
turn them on which it still work count
overgrown is God that so creepy all
overgrown Palace in Poland their lives
like a scarier version of The Addams
Family house
I was polish royalty apparently Jesus
what roller coaster in the sea jet star
roller coaster Seaside Heights New
Jersey of the superstorm sandy in 2013
the Jets are all physical victim to its
might and was left submerging Atlantic
Ocean wow that's so crazy guys so dope
102 you're floating forest in Sydney
this is what is left of the or clearly a
ship that was wrecks in World War two
Wow can you get there can you that would
be so cool to go and see in real life
it's like so beautiful round as well
abandoned military hospital Germany it
seems that just gives me the complete
spooks oh my god that room looks like a
murder scene because the bed is so gross
help Adolf Hitler recover from a leg
wound just south toe Hotel in Colombia
well that's immunise it's a museum as it
used to be a hotel and now it's museum
but it closed down with it people lost
interest in the waterfall and it looked
so spooky why Hugh Crain got so much
abandoned stuff as an old submarine dock
in Ukraine as a Newman a submarine dock
was a thing on the water city this
amazing city trapped underwater is 1041
years old
lion cities located prominence East
China in 1959 while construction see
something submerged completely
underwater
that would be so freaking good currency
well there we go that is just some of
the crazy abandoned place in the world
there's many many more that we've got
here so if you would would like to see
more of those videos
let me know in the comments I find it
very interesting going through it but
let me know you guys think and I'll see
you tomorrow in my video bat
