so at the moment in the UK we've got an
election process going on so fasting
next week you've gone into a really like
official voice well you're really we've
got an election going on
it is David Dimbleby we're not going to
turn it into a political podcast because
it will probably bore a lot of you it's
a big thing happening in the UK right
now so if you are registered make sure
you do vote you can make a difference
guys don't do that thing when it's
spoiled the ballot paper I think that's
just don't turn off if you can do that
that's all the ballot paper ah you know
we do something stupid instead of
putting coal I predict on it or whatever
yeah our protest someone's got count
that it's not like the deficit by going
through oh yeah isn't it amazing but
have you been approached by anyone like
endorsed yeah and there's been there's
been a lot of emails I've had not so
much from like specific parties like
come and support our party but I've had
a lot of people reach out just asking me
to speak about it in some kind of manner
do you think it's going to be like when
the u.s. presidential election when a
lot of youtubers American youtubers were
like guys you need to vote for this
person not this person and that's kind
of no I don't think so I feel like
there's not it's Donald Trump Donald
Trump is a huge character who has very
blunt opinions very divisive is at
sandia and I feel like we don't really
have that in the UK I mean over here I
guess they're not as uh I don't like
belligerent like they're not as
Americans are proud right well yeah yeah
Americans are like yeah now I'm really
for Hillary Clinton so anything that
annoys me is when people like you
shouldn't talk about it you know it's
like all you shouldn't ask people you
vote for my wine why not if someone's
voting for something they should be able
to talk about share why they want to oh
yeah
I I guess is because it could cause not
offence but an awkward conversation ah'd
nice small talk is it oh hey yeah
website yeah did you pay for your sales
and walk down the road like getting your
coffee I by the way who you vote for
likes of an evening you've had like any
one roommate if I even I feel like
people like all you can talk about is
like I feel a bit awkward I don't really
ask people who they vote for to be
honest and as I know if they've made it
worse you know that they made
implications like it made jokes and
things
so that obviously for this party then
I'll talk to them if it's the same one
I'm voting for if not I just kind of
leave it a bit scared I think it's yeah
it's let my friends I don't want to have
an argument about it though it's fine I
people have their own reasons for voting
whichever way they're going to vote
don't they but that's what I mean I
think it's like fine to talk about yeah
I got very emotional about brakes I'm
not going to do that this time but
whatever happens happens it's fine it
will be it could the world still going
to spin isn't it hopefully I hope you
guys have enjoyed today's podcast it's
being a very fun one I've enjoyed it a
lot if you're new to listening cool but
hello you're really you're in on episode
27 now - hi subscribe go to the other
one and yeah if you are current
subscribers thanks very much please
carry on racing it five stars everywhere
because we got to read those and we will
see you next week with my mom
good bye bye
you
