all right guys happy Sunday everyone
today we're going to be taking quiz and
we're gonna be finding out who my
favorite youtuber is essentially and who
I'd who I'd want to live with choose a
bedroom I'm you know instant look top
left is all about me that is me rain all
over bottom right is way too fancy
what middle is quite also me bottom left
yeah bit of me the rest are all a bit of
me but the top left from the site yes
made me choose a lounge area hmm
middle middle top though far the top
right is just too modern II with all the
fireplace far left is a bit too like bit
too grand bottom left looks like though
enough kissing Crump
I really like the middle bottom middle
bottom and middle top just I mean top
cause of that view hello look at that
view also there's a grand piano so I
would be well into that but to be
completely honest I would say mine is
similar to bottom right I'm gonna bottom
right choose a kitchen top left do not
like the color chairs top middle it's
very nice okay it in theatres on the
pictures I'm either top right or bottom
middle bottom right is to like oh our
wonderful fancy home it's so nice and
with such a lovely family bottom left is
like yo I used to be modern and cool but
10 years ago
top left is we love colors middle is
young man I'm just well cool and
then top right is like friendly and nice
and you can have friends over and drink
wine in here and the bottom middle is
that is just me that is me I'm going
bottom middle choose a bathroom Jesus
Christ that middle top one who like is
that literally the Queen's bathroom or
top right is a little bit too
claustrophobic for a bathroom and it's
calmly moved and we have it has the old
head bending in that I would say I would
be top left for sure really like the
realistic clean they've got my soap in
there I can see that my show coop they
thought the brand but I say my so it's
just about had upstairs and really liked
it so I'm going to top left choose a
sermon of course we've got swimming pool
because YouTube's all have swimming
pools in now top right way to modern 9
to that bottom right just a bit
unrealistic to have in your house but
middle yeah you've got slide but like
yeah gotta be taught it's gotta be bomb
left is very rural very grassy I'm going
to top left yes nice it's kind of cool
yeah choose someone to share your dream
house with well let's go through them
Will Smith very cool very loud but he
would be very much shouting around the
house the whole time very light if you
if I just want to kill probabilities
music I feel like I'd be hard with will
they did great not be great love I don't
know who Jenny Slater's I don't even
recognize the face sorry I wouldn't that
stranger in my house Paul Rudd it'd be
absolute joke wouldn't he be an absolute
joke it'd be funny be nice ham brown
with is just a nice guys he's the keys
the nice friend who can make you laugh
Mindy Callan
who's that she's in your office right
I'm Gina so again sorry but no strangers
for me Zach Galifianakis never going to
be able to not call you Alan so sorry
mate hey hey khaki Palmer is that so I
would go Paul Rudd to be honest who's
you just pull rattle design your dream
home
I got Liza Koshi yeah means either
living together yeah I'd like to know
how they've come to that conclusion of
me living with Liza to be fair if his
base of her Instagram her Instagram is
very much like the rooms I've selected
Yeah right I'll take that
there we go that and this video so I
hope you guys enjoy to give up sums up
if you did and I'll see you tomorrow
another one see you guys tomorrow bye
