hello River I'm not Mexican
is that a Mexican thing in Spanish then
bacon I'm not Mexican nor can I speak
Spanish why I'm here today during a
trying video yeah can I just say we
haven't done trying on this channel and
what feels like forever and I'm really
excited because we're actually saying
really cool to try sewing I didn't even
know this did and that is KitKat I not
like and you know you and I know Kit
Kats right just a standard take a break
or have a break is a take a break have a
break have a break have a kit kat yeah
we all know the classic nine but there
are some Japanese interesting flavors of
Kit Kat I didn't know existed
um must amount very excite rice because
Kit Kat is one of those chocolates that
I like forget until I have it how much I
love it do I mean when I have a kit cam
I'm just love it the sound sponsor this
one especially oh my god the chunky kick
a chunky white chocolate what how do I
know what they are how do we kind of you
know this is well guys going with what
we've looked first up we've got the
traditional Kit Kat I'm going to try
this damn someone in a while the top is
so good alright let's go in simply and
get well that was delicious you you and
I will hit a taste like next we've got a
dark chocolate Kit Kat I'm very into
dark chocolate so let's see I'm hoping I
like it honestly doesn't touch much
different so he's gonna get it I
honestly can't really tell the
difference that might be in the dark
chapter and the milk chocolate to be
honest I it wasn't that dark chocolatey
so not much difference there moving on
the only one I've ever heard of it's
different is like the green tea one
which is that hurt that's like a myth
isn't it was not missed because a good
in my hand is like a legend isn't it
where you hear about this green tea
flavored KitKat you like all never tried
that well ladies and gentlemen this is
it this is the green tea Kit Kat
which I'm quite honest does not sound
what I would want to be the little
talent my cuppa tea
yeah but we're fire that is rank
you don't put green tea in chocolate you
just don't do that I mean it doesn't
help I don't like green tea I'm not a
drinking health benefits I don't really
enjoy enjoy it I mean we got so many old
that looks well good okay if this is
this on the front says what you'd go I'm
saying that in my Japanese accent that
if it is we're just I'm just I think
it's from Japan my entirely sure sorry
if it's not don't hang if it's not or
it's got a picture of a strawberry on
our home oh my God look at that
have you ever seen a KitKat like that
all right sweet a lot of haha
like I rude I are too sweet
Homer please you too dark for minutes in
sweet what if they liked it even though
it's in a thick Japanese all over
everywhere everything is happening you
still have in gold on the back have a
break have a cake I just had a picture
of a strawberry on it so it's like what
is that this is like what is dead this
is what's up neck it's literally got a
picture of a bunny rabbit on it what
flavor is that no idea there's the color
of there oh no it's um it's coffee
what is that those coffees necks but I
love coffee but don't yell PCP that is
incredible that is the best one by far
so far totally can please can we have
like a number order of these and then
can someone please tell me the flavor
that was in the coin because I want to
that was a set and the original yeah
that is amazing okay next we've got but
I have no idea what that is
oh hang on Hokkaido and then it says
melon is that like potato is the
Japanese version of manna yes there must
be just look at the color of it I'm not
sure about that at all at all the smell
oh that is I'm rank not at all oh I
could tell from the smell or sit and
next we got it I'm trying is that that
is that just the original I feel like
that's just the original oh it's not
because it's pink oh oh my god what is
that it smells like the sweetest
bubblegum you could ever can you tell me
to smell it what flavors and smells Li's
that strawberry cream something
something lighter than that I hurt my
tooth that's so sweet
it sends like a fizz into your brain
Jesus so let's try this I don't know why
now I do what it is good white chocolate
of some sort
please our white chocolate white
chocolate is my favorite kind of
chocolate how it looks like it could be
white chocolate oh it smells like it
gives the white child clip always tastes
like white chocolate it's white
chocolate
oh my always a medium time so here's 10
you got you got to save the final one
that you got say and if you guys really
like it we can do pot tubes we've got so
many more flavors we've got cherry I
know we got a sport pool we got an apple
we've got a ug matcha we have a Sakura
matcha and we have just something that's
got a party popper on the side of it
getting party poppers the celebrations
literally has a particle from Butler
like a party hat I mean on table that's
dear okay here we go
oh it was chocolate I was like oh mmm
what is that oh I think it's pina colada
I think it has rubber no I'm not to
enjoy kisum just one little party huh
pina colada Yoona's actual alcohol no
taste like it Robin zero well guys we
have a whole bag left of other ones so
if you are into it then we can do more
if you're not then that can eat the rest
of them so you see a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and you want more and I'll
see you guys when I'm done video hey
