hello beautiful safety people today's
video I'm really looking forward to this
I tweet out the other day so if you're
if you're a follower of mine if you're a
fan if you're a viewer and your youtuber
send me your channel I want to check it
out and share it with people and it was
incredible the amount of people that
follow me that have YouTube channels
kind of like I didn't realize that if
you did it we are going to be looking at
some of those channels but not just like
I've tried to pick like there's some
really interesting different varieties
it's not just all vloggers there's all
different types of videos ok so we're
going to embark on this journey and if
you enjoy them there will be a link to
their channels in the description so you
can check them out first channel is
called Jay they ran G sorry on the
pronunciation your 85 subscribers and
drawing a dragon so let's check it out I
love these timeless drawings of art I
people used to davonne me and I used to
be amazed by them that's the head coming
out
but happy now you're ready struggling
because of the first line now you're the
Nico coming out very cool very muscular
track another get those horns then very
cool dragon nice job
impressive dragon so are we oh wow
yes you were that sick dub it was so how
did you do Tom I'm well enough for then
what's give mascot if you're on pin into
that well impressive so if you guys
aren't dancing go check it out I really
really enjoyed that so Becky see dance
two-and-a-half k subs nice job I really
enjoy watching I'm but weird have this I
like watching dance videos on YouTube
there's a car on what's called there's a
girl called Jade Shen Jenny something
but there's this like big crew and I
laid it to all these dance it is and I
just enjoy watching them okay this is
gray X so go guitars the 18 cover
amazing song sixty-eight subscribers
let's see what you got silence Lima
calzone I I was wanting to learn this
wanting to talk to be honest
Wow beautiful boys really nice socialite
I'm analyzing too much government like
this one like well she got in a channel
I don't upload after I'm going to
subscribe
I've subscribed London in 60 seconds
this sound very cool a very arty this on
a moving film all the sides back on the
tube London Zeus is essence cool like
that very arty that was by T tbh Brian
to be honest Brian 29,000 subs
nice one mate I'm so confused right now
they're two songs on the video
you see do that so they wouldn't get
copyright I don't know that was
interesting
over the rainbow piano cover like with
Mary 90 subs here we go where you got
married
very soothing Oh
keep up your piano stuff knows music
come on homes here in PEI how are you
please
thank you Hot Cross Buns on my reporters
with my love Wow yeah yeah okay that's
here I'm intrigued
so random they're so cool if you enjoyed
this for you explain them oh he's so
cute like sketch show everything oh why
are you so cute go check his town I'll
guide eliza Fran one subscriber ah one
subscriber come on guys we can get her
more subscribers hallelujah SEC record
the jealously and pleased the Lord but
you don't really care for music do you
it goes like this
so fourth the fifth the minor fall and
the major lift the baffled King
composing hallelujah
oh she tied you to what kissing she
broke up drum and sing cut your hair
roll your lips she drew the hallelujah
very nice boys come on go Elisabeth Fran
you're going to get more than one
subscriber okay and there we go that
rounds up me checking out some of your
guys YouTube channels and sharing them
with you guys yeah the audio yeah yeah
and maybe this can be part of a series
if you guys like it I'm sure there's
loads more of you that future comes out
there so if you do tweet me them when
I'm going to ask them again or leave
just ask me check your channel out in
this give like if you are a youtuber
give a description of what you do and
videos you make and write it in the
comment and then maybe that's an easier
way to find you as well so yeah other
than that give video thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
