hello welcome to a challenge video and
today's challenge is try not to get
angry which you know me when I react
things
I'm usually angry and annoyed a thing so
probably happen the other skills we're
gonna do about it
y'all got skills we gonna do about it
I heard you're quite funny we're gonna
do about it who they annoyed at our
skills are you gonna do about it
especially for you young goop we're
gonna do about it
y'all got skills are you going to do
about it
why yes I do have skills what are you
gonna do about it though I don't know
yoga skills deformity
we're gonna do about it yeah absolutely
people were you're gonna do a valley
who's getting annoyed at that did you
yeah noida that way oh yeah it's funny
like I say it's really funny yeah other
skills you know your skills were you
gonna do that
oh well that's I enjoyed that as made me
happy
who else is on the agenda every three
easy hard impossible easy the tourist
attraction it is native Indonesia for
all the wrong reasons it's hot on the on
earth's the matter famous for his
nicotine I've seen this before
that is so bad a teen mom is fixed on
the goes crazy screaming slamming his
head on before even getting sick so Matt
although it hasn't actually smoked it
partnered areas oh my god
it's father I haven't introduced into
smoking the equivalent of five dollars a
day to pay for the fags
oh yeah that's obviously bad like that
made me angry looks like what the fuck
things different in different cultures
not saying that kids should smoke
obviously but like that a crazy thing is
smoking age eight eighteen months
smoking don't smoke kids it's not good
for you
medium do you know what our when the
match snaps that's not as I'd say when
you don't get it first time are quite
light because I like the sound it makes
when it I'm just closing that you
fussing so stupid is though it's not
annoying me watching it but in real life
you're a bit like I said always at
school I was about to can never Terry's
paper off neatly
what's annoying belies this is such so
random so this is impossible family I'm
not angry to us okay
I wanted to see those things smash but
first to survive I mean absolutely fine
tree triggered 99 then nine hundred and
ninety-nine point nine and sent try not
get mad challenge I really happen to do
family night
jerk jerk no I just saw you I just saw
you get up you're broken yes you did
though the families in America speak to
people what is going on here they're all
natives are any like I know your bed not
broken Joey call me real William don't
hit your dad with a paper towel Oh
oh my kids wishes shut up jerk what is
he speaking English so I barking I can't
I know you're like why is the mom
filming a little bit weird
really I mean the kid obviously seems
very angry at all the time just don't
film him and put it online right well
and today I realize that there's a lot
of people with anger issues in the world
that didn't make me annoyed just thought
it's like I feel a bit like sad for
those people which to be honest but
generally made me annoyed so given video
times we've enjoyed it I'll see you guys
tomorrow of another video bye bye bye
