hello tip camera hello these four safety
people aren't so excited for today's
video yeah because using the daily mail
and I love the daily mail my favorite
newspaper so basically the daily mail is
a newspaper in the UK makes you know
about it they write quality articles all
the time on really important things it's
great really great information
and today we're using it for great
content and that is basically they have
written articles on youtubers before and
there's some really lovely people that
comment on these articles lovely lovely
comments like imagine the money see a
youtubers hate corn times that by like a
hundred they're kind of people yet in
the Daily Mail well I just really bitter
aggressive people and I'm just service
orator them but we're using them for
today's video
so the idea is Matt has found some funny
comments from commenters on the Daily
Mail articles on youtubers but he's
going to read out and I forget to the
youtuber got it you with me let's go
that one photo is enough to irritate me
for who watches their stupid faces must
be pretty lonely intelligence well I
mean just account that she's obviously
gets annoyed quite easily by someone
it's on face and always have that much
don't read the article as well
I just do hangouts of your time maybe
but there wasn't anything direct guide
sorry can you read it again that was
photos enough to irritate me behind who
watches their stupid senses there do
everything is it so should be must be
pretty dirty searches girl they must
need proceed own internal I love that
when someone's really sick but they
tried to come across in television
there's my favorite thing it's about a
couple or like two people that's no well
does are that wasteful are it could be
anyone whose face could annoy someone
that much Jesus is it male or female
your give me that new male that not be
me
in this phase the noise out like
PewDiePie the Kasbah no one will guess
is it a UK youtuber yeah yeah I saw lady
mail Alfie yeah
oh I see your face isn't annoy me mate
hmm so yeah I get it
that's it and her scrawny brother what I
thought would come a common end I know
who that is who is it LOI yeah
why they can have must like what yeah
and joking that's what Joe scrawny
double whammy 3r I find incredibly
annoying nothing special about them just
to think God I'm pretty sure most of our
subscribers are made up of American only
because they are infatuated with the
English accent there are far more
entertaining people on YouTube that
aren't recognized for making lots of
money doing absolutely nothing except
being annoying she's well angry yes Wow
it got a massive gob drew that's the
finding as though people we think with
just because you have a large foot like
you have to be entertaining is if it's
about female I'm guessing it sounds like
a very bitchy comment is it about Tanya
no Louise no who one will guess
come on the I mean it's a good sign I
can't think of a big gob anyone there's
not a big gob is this is quite an old
saying yeah it means a big mouth like
you chat a lot because nothing like that
for T's is written this color yeah as
well yeah who could it be
it's not anyone like but it's not Zoe
again it oh I see I was thinking kind of
shit let's get it straight you cheap
bloggers or a medicament cells are not
real celebrities even the tape which is
really flashy videos they are on you
space - I'm not prepare tour
TV for a reason or because they are
talent let's run it again didn't an
honest one word yeah
also YouTube love that so many thing are
more like just coming for the be writing
it firstly just as a celebrity has to be
on the TV is that the only way to be a
soap if you're on the television you
need to be a big brother classified as a
celeb yeah because all the people going
to be growing up there well talented as
well on a yeah yeah alright I mean also
we don't call ourselves look it like we
do but it's just what we called whatever
they call themselves about me because it
was when I was a master chef or
something like a the things like this I
find really funny because a lot of not
talking about me stiffly a lot of
youtubers when they go on shows are way
more known than a lot of the other
people in those TV shows so when you
always get people commenting like that
it just makes me laugh because so yeah a
lot of people know who that person I've
seen one YouTube and the only person
Watson and his brother wish they would
go away and get a proper job sounds
quite young though which they would go
away and get a proper job
oh we Connor or Jack know things brother
on YouTube they British yep no Jack and
pin no more going on right to fine and
um yeah I literally I don't know
neo-nazi geo Chapman and I was it again
which they're going at a proper job yeah
I think one each you've any any palace
implies in him is this brother John we
show good show it's not a joke
these people should have so much hatred
this is what I worried Majan the powers
that come to that if they told me in the
street are they gonna attack me because
there is that aggressive about me
waiting isn't it I'm a visitor is
talking about it hello tweet loads of
things but only seems to honor dub you
sir yeah they only not to appear
I never heard before these are not a
person that infamous melted them don't
need much want to solve at all let me
know I'll be yes that's the other
person's favorite line isn't it opening
never open I don't know who so it's not
famous who is she
what did they eat you star of the
YouTube video on taking disc brakes to
my car does that make me eat you sir
will the Daily Mail abruptly now be
photographing me on holiday what I like
ignorant what's so such an immature sir
oh there's such an immature comment you
know other than I who is that about
there you go yeah Netanya yeah good
Greece what if that one's like is one
photo pin would make you want to puke
with me yeah yeah you and me made let's
go head-to-head fight it out like real
lads here so what is a photo of me make
one up you good grief what is that when
Marcus like is one side of human makes
you want to peek geez man like if I
could make Tom puke from one photo you
need to get help man like I would go to
your doctor for that that's a serious
issue right there well there we go that
is some of the intelligent lovely people
that read the Daily Mail and comment on
us wonderful youtubers that do nothing
wrong how could you ever hate a youtuber
with so nice but yeah give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you guys tomorrow with my one good
bye
