morning tea marker we are in England if
you couldn't tell by the rain that looks
safe leak we're on for our first day of
challenges today which I'm not really
sure what it is but it's something to do
with a rally car and these challenges as
well as you guys tweeting and hashtags
and Lighting's for getting us points
these challenges that we take in they
put also aid towards that so I'm hoping
we can make up some ground work by
winning the challenge but anything is
the Mexicans he's basically a
professional driver like his his YouTube
channel is cars so do you feel there's a
slight disadvantage there because I
definitely do do I find that a
disadvantage though they definitely got
an advantage there yeah and I also find
there's superfans
tweeting every second yeah also an
advantage for some of the superfans with
me or can I get some soup so expect a
day of craziness
that was very blurry so can you say
where we are Marcus
it wasn't blurry because of my bad
filming it was just that awful awful
weather you should I promise
are you a good rally driver are you
ready to drive a rally car in a cute
little vest new bib bib
bye guys ambassador who's gonna win you
need to have a bit of ambition come on
you can do it good luck come on you can
do it you need to pull out the bag in
such a helmet Markus
I believe in you good luck joy good
lines I've got those apexis Tony Moore
and Karen Davis this is what I do
rallying so I can be the British Rally
Championship and what we're gonna do is
we're gonna go out and have a good run
with to see what we can do and pick the
right lines and see how quick you can go
to meet the others as the challenge yeah
you got to help me win team Marcus
are invited
right what it
awesome stuff
yeah you ready
whoa nice guys I'm really sorry but I
need a poo to just let you guys know
matt is holding the whole convoy up
because he forgot his passport so we had
to wait for the other the other
transporting bands to catch up with us
so that Matt can actually make it across
the border to France so cheers mate
all the best nice one for holding
everyone up you got it hey guess who's
coming to Europe how's it feel to be a
disorganized human being yeah we're on
the Eurotunnel
- it is massively jacked his Mexican
buddy left his passport so he can't
share the driving with anyone or the
Germans during the Germans room so in
here editing happy Germans right guys so
wrapping up the day we have just go into
Bruges we've just eaten but it is it's
almost 12 o'clock it's been a very long
day are you tired no but I've got some
extremely exciting news so you know
we've been closed seconds you know we've
been plodding along and you guys have
been amazing with your support with hash
tag team markers hash tag the Grand Tour
you've been helping us along the way but
also we've been taking part in some
challenges over the next ten days today
was the first challenge as you saw your
boy team UK or anyone one did night not
only that happy euchre he's a car guy
his whole channel is calm you're happy
about that there was two different ways
you get points one was on time one was
on driving ability about how smooth it
was first place marvellous time 1:18
Pappy 1:32 the car guy so 10k points for
that for the winner for me
two and a half K points for him driving
skills first place
Marcus second place puppy ten K points
Marcus but I keep points the puppy so
that's gonna be updated tonight and
basically a thing that takes us into
first just but we of course need you
guys to continue support so please carry
on tweeting and retweeting and just
lowing us thank you bye see you tomorrow
is it tomorrow
