hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today it's a lovely day today on
the day film and it's currently Sunday
but for you I think it's a Tuesday so
happy Tuesday hope it's still nice
weather anyway today's video is a cupid
challenge that went by on YouTube don't
judge challenge here we go ring I'm
going to fill me out what am i doing
this challenge I'm just going to end up
abusing all these teenage boys you look
like a complete and utter balance mate
so contact of this incredible challenges
people draw a monobrow or do something
that makes them look ugly and then oh
come away and then they're this absolute
sex God who has to take that off and
look into the camera
like I don't know ever seen a more
narcissistic challenge what's going
through these papers when they're making
that do they genuinely are they that in
love with themselves that when they're
just like why are they doing it I can't
get two groups of this I'm feeling
myself you know better for me
every guy is the same this is look girl
you gotta focus
get down the whole bottle
so this someone though they instantly
have to say Clark be the worst one yet
Wirthlin yet let's just say that little
eyes gets less yes make gone
you must be lifting at least eight
kilograms of those well I just say the
other thing is like if my friends like
my mates if I was to this my mates or
that they would lose me so hard like so
hard make it fair
boy were you tugging on them and your
seatbelt 2/3 head touches there now I'm
gonna pick in the petite neck we've done
it oh my god is like the craziest thing
I've ever watch sorry okay so in my head
these these guys are doing this to want
people to like fancy them or to make
them that make them come across like
young hot
check me out something imagine going up
to a person girl or guy whoever wherever
you're into and doing that in front of
them yeah just a picture that right now
you're in a club and this person goes up
to them and they're like you would get
laughed at wouldn't you it would be like
an okay challenge if the concept was not
cool don't judge me challenge or effort
but it was yet you look different and
then you go like that and then you're
different and you you know that's it
just to show you what kind of like oh
now I've got a different hairstyle I'd
kind of get that who's the whole like
just being a twat
goodbye motherfucker so harsh
politically oatmeal for Iran and
building between us yes
winkeny mignon I feel bad running like a
little boiler who's at times like a
enemy transversely 16 18 year old sort
your life out it's a great start but
isn't it all these twice at the same
thing it's like topless underneath
hoodie on top gotta have a quip up your
tongue has got to be hanging out your
mouth at some point you've got wink in
an unsexual cringy way and turn a lip
bite as well then you've got package
what is with the face cream everyone
seems to have a magic patient up it's a
tree road has put on it that was on the
most normal that's what I'm trying to
say that would be okay he still it a
little like at the end but just pictures
from it like magic catching up with your
grandparents and it's like how would you
be not to and yellow you know just
making these videos and then I'll sure
let's go Fidel for from see imagine
imagine putting that in front your
family think about that before you give
it a good I thought I don't want to get
the end of the video I'm afraid sorry
I'm I've seen enough cringy boys trying
to look hot or the comments as well that
moment that you realize that you'll
never get that boy girls I'm telling you
you do not want to date a boy like that
just a bit of advice the fact that the
sad thing is loads of a girl really into
this I must be the only girls no
impressed by this but judging by the
comments most of you are good for you
maybe it's just really young people
watching this like someone give me a
thumbs up then I will ask my friend to
do this challenge he's good-looking
trust me okay I'm sure you've seen some
of your friends do so maybe something
school lives on this but yeah those are
my thoughts on that don't judge me
challenge gives video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed and I will see you guys tomorrow
we have another one
goodbye
