hello hello hello hello welcome back to
lower your expectations with Marcus
water and math my knee so you've been
uploading for seven years now from that
time over that period how was your
relationship change of like your fans
like do you still have people from the
start
I'd love you I know with you now
everyone always says like the creator
knows your audience the best which is
true like course you're posting stuff
all the time inside of course I know I
know mode in it's better sometimes I
have real moments when I think about and
I'm like who actually is my audience the
only time I see him is if I go to a
Covidien or a YouTube event and I do a
meet-up and I see people there but I'm
like the people I'm meeting by caldo
superfan people is a fan who have paid
money to go to an event to see whereas I
think there's so many casual viewers out
there who will watch my content I might
never ever meet but I don't know who
that person it tried so many times to do
when I've done videos like comment your
age if you've ever commented before
comment about it's like who are you
I'd love to know more about because how
do you find it like I've seen in the
early days I imagine you'd have been
like commenting on all the videos like
replying to people like when the when
does that stop happening like how does
that work so hard to look back on now
it's just a transition phase of being
able to revise it reclines hang out on
to the not being able to reply to know
even the time the quantity what I'd get
10 comments on a video about them I know
you might as I still interact with the
clients like YouTube has a function now
but you can like a comment so it will go
like Marcus like this which is nice
because I do you G that yeah because it
shows people that I'm reading comments
but I'd love to be able to connect more
with the audience but I don't know how
to do yeah and I guess this is on the
same theme from being a creator seven
eight years ago to now but people are
changing their their brands so for
example Dan how is now done now where
you used to be danisnotonfire let's drop
the Monica do you think that's that or
do you think that's like you should done
it sooner people created these YouTube
usernames and as that how you'd create a
username for a games console something
then it's actually back then yeah and
then it turns into this huge brand it's
like oh then people were thinking is
this name mark or as a brand does it
work as a brand I judge dropped marks
but the TV that was my brain did she
dropped that I don't know maybe four
years ago he wants a quite long today
long
I'm going as quick but some people it
works well because it's like that's a
recognizable brand but Dan's maybe was
like I don't know that's not done is not
on fire that's it feels still got his
amazing feel I've got an idea
touching back on what you just said
about connecting with the audience
listeners to this I would love to know
how you as a viewer or a listener or as
someone who watches my content how we
can connect more like what would you see
the best way to do things is there a way
that we can interact better get in touch
with me
tweet me maybe I don't know yet tweet me
I guess and I'll have a reefer and see
what you guys think
amazing sail is still amazing so by the
way good to know
subscribe if you're new give it five
stars get people's lists to share it
around that we much appreciate it and we
will see you next Monday with another
new episode see you then guys goodbye
