hello beautiful sexy people happy Sunday
hope you're having a lovely day today
today we're going to be taking part in
finding out if we're terrible with money
or not so don't know exact all that
entails but let's jump right in so then
we find out a bit more about me what
proportion of your income is spent on
rent / mortgage payment less than 25
percent less than 50 percent more
ambition
it's literally most of my pay I've left
the door and filming and it keeps like
the wind is Kiboko conteiner
it is because I think they'll mature and
break in and kill me less than 25
percent that's good 47% of people less
than 25 percent I think that's a good
thing to aim for so I'm glad I'm with
the majority in that one
apart from housing costs what do you
spend most your money on hundred percent
boot but I would have eat without having
any other options I would have said food
so food for sure it's just so no in
terms of like grocery shopping but just
food whether that well eating food out
gain take way it's just food like food
how many holidays do you go on in an
average year or two fine holiday if I've
actually taken something as a holiday so
anything I would probably say you two to
three of three plus but it's often
hearts I get to do amazing things around
the world my job like some guy get heard
some of the coolest places around the
world for my job which I then might be
able to go off and have some days
somewhere because of that so it's like a
hard one to technically favor I'll say
three plus and I'm with the 8% on that
so I put a lot of that down to my job
being lucky that I get to travel the
world because of that so thanks job do
put huh do put aside savings from your
oh I think spelling mistake there but
it's better get on that one do you put
aside savings from your income yes not
like so the answer like yes every month
no every now and then I would say every
month but not like on a specific day I'm
not like oh okay
got page say I'm going to put some money
aside for savings it's more like I do it
but I probably do that every month
so yes every month 49% um where's okay
good
do you ever give money to charity yes no
you give money we've done a lot of
things that raise my charity which is
called you like I really respect people
like PewDiePie who and there's all the
crates I'm sure what I'm paying a
PewDiePie who is raised literally like
millions of dollars charity that's
amazing that you use his ridiculously
huge audience for good cause
how many subscriptions do you have
Netflix Spotify cetera all subscriptions
I have I have net break I have Spotify I
have lower levels it called now TV think
that's it but I pretty sure I get again
lucky cuz my job I get my Spotify for
free I'm curling my mother subscriptions
subscribe to source box you guys should
too healthy food smashing box that we
post every month I'll put a link down
there if you wanna check out saucepot we
so 2 through 18 percent of people have 2
to 3 do you have a cleaner I do have a
cleaner I'm lucky that I get to have a
cleaner that's why things like a lot of
you might be getting your own places
some what about to me about home more
like uni or something and cleaning is
like the most tedious chore just
cleaning the bathrooms is just not fun
do you buy more luxury or high street
brands I'd say a good mix of both not I
don't really buy like that much luxury
brands in terms of clothes then again
I'm feel kind of lucky that we've whole
Instagram and posting clothes and stuff
some more cool kind of street where
stuff gets sent to me which i think is
kind of cool so thanks for that yeah if
I can
I sometimes buy luxury stuff for as
present to people like family and
girlfriends a good mix opposed did 47%
lovely how many tattoos do you get a
month definitely five bus definitely 5
because we're going to count that we're
honest interesting 5 Plus is more than 3
to 5 we're going to count that globally
I get yeah I got a lot of cars again
because of my job I think everything I
might because of my job because of my
job but yeah pretty much every time I'm
flying somewhere
have a car take you from the airport and
picture up on the other side so what
would you save money for wedding house
travels rainy days what does it mean by
rainy days is that just like when it's
obviously raining and you want to like
buy takeaways and stuff that we means by
that wedding house travels I would say
house what I'd save my money for so it's
2%
I mean travels as well but mainly house
what would you say would you say you
live within your means yes I would I'm
quite sensible I would say so yeah I
live within my means means or memes
happy with live within my means
which statement sums up your attitude to
spend it I spent money only when I
really need to I spend money because I
love buying stuff and spending money I
spend money for convenience to meet my
life easier oh do you know I would say I
spend money for convenience to make my
life easier if I would say personally
what I spend most my money on food can
be because of convenience of food and
then car if it like that
quicker than getting the tube so
definitely for convenience 44% of people
agree very interesting that so yeah I
mean I am i terrible of money there's no
outcome it just kind of answered each
thing but I seem to be with majority and
some of them other then because and I
think it was subscription but yeah there
we go that is a little bit more of an
insight into how I spend my money if you
were interested in that give video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you tomorrow no goodbyes
