sailing water yeah all right
manic I should have got some tonight
hello beautiful sexy people I have no
idea why I have this much energy for a
video that I do not want to film but
we're going to do it because it'll be
your entertainment isn't it yeah ghost
chili you've all heard of go Shelley's
everyone's done the ghost chili
challenge well pretty much every
youtuber other than myself so many chili
challenges for never done the ghost
chili challenge but today we are
partaking in an eating challenge and
that eating challenge is a product of
ghost chili okay we have how many things
are there three we have three things
there contain in ghost chili so though
we have chili wizard fudge superhot
ghost pepper psycho chocolate so chili
salted caramel
I can literally go or literally choke
Gillian there but only all of you on
this emotional Manila and insane ghosts
on goats have a peanut that that's that
naughty business I'm really not sure
about that but that's just that several
warning warning this could kill you but
guess who's buying this stuff warning
the peanuts are made from the world's
hottest chilies please use with extreme
care please use it's not even like
please eat with it doesn't even want
that eat on its products I plead you
Spock what do we start with are in this
I mean it smells amazing because it's
fudge pile I literally love fudge so I
forgot how much a lot of folks show the
way insane douche on a family holiday
and I had about seven pieces of fudge
every single day I mean it doesn't smell
spicy what is this what's my tell I on
camera here we go
I'm the sufferer but I'm scared to buy
their obscure the ones I've devised it
tingling my time been yet one tiny stock
single mm-hmm because the arcmap is like
in your mouth no it's fine
now it's come out is just lingering I
matches quite but it's quite tingly I
would say that's in the family of
Nando's hot bite it your life I only
think you're like I think you're like it
wrinkling the old throat I'm on that
that's very hot now actually very hot
and there okay here we go we're going
for look I don't know if you can see
that get a little close up there all the
chili bit a half if you can use ooh I
don't know that's gonna there's a lot of
chili on there who you send some
mouth-to-mouth I'm scared I'm scared I'm
glad it's in my mouth what's going to
happen apply it but but oh my god I'll
 walk oh yeah the taste it just
tastes like a chili Palmer to have it
hot I can just feel like I'm insane
smell coming through my nose oh yeah
that one's got a bit the that has
got a bit of a sweat got oh my god yeah
there's a bit ah my nose is running
yeah you got go for it forehead of
sweating
so you know there's nothing spicy
because you're climbing is obviously
burning your mouth but the whole your
saliva goes like really thick it really
difficult if I get a out like that
ultimate getting is hot
ah my tongue is on fire yo after
burn there's no one is in this when you
take it out Jesus yeah you feel
something
wait what give it 30 seconds and you're
done ah I don't really want to do you
know
oh hey what we do not want to jump for
this video
yeah it's all that will no life no I
yeah numb tingling bro have some gamble
no that's cool well then my mouth is at
this point just a bit numb like I'm
almost not fazed by am I look very spicy
smell too bad they look very spicy is
that precious cut them oh I need another
really really hot I'm sweating
sweating
oh my god are they oh my they're really
hot I'm sweating a lot ah the thing is
they take the worse of yeah they're dead
of pocket you are so much like oh yeah I
am sweating right or as I hadn't they
were you eating a cow and you realize
straight away
so slightly that particle I've not had
them in my mouth though the hottest hand
out of my mouth or more on the chocolate
yeah more than Chava
aha you know you go-go boy I put that
seven our firm I think I caught no mate
now they are horrible ah I they are
horrible the are some Apple noses were
like five times worse than the chocolate
I'm telling you just way my target gets
one that is like he looks scared you're
getting into our other two minutes ago
crook I did that in the in the order
that I kind of wanted to do and fudge
was the word chocolate then and then the
pink appearance are horrible house is so
sighs well there we go that is the ghost
pepper challenge with foods only on his
hands talk give the video a thumbs up my
pain and I will see you tomorrow video
goodbye
