hello beautiful sexy people howdy
welcome to a video where I'm in pink
because it's summer
no it's been really nice weather here at
the moment in the UK for one for the
short time nights all right I'm in the
UK it hasn't been very good weather
recently and it's nice you have good
weather so I'm happy
today's challenge video is a bit of a
weird one it's weird just because it's
try not to get hungry challenge so the
concept is we watch something and we see
if it makes a song see if we crave it
see if we desire what we're looking at
I'm not that hungry right now
so I probably should it on this when I'm
hungry but let's give it a go
here we go like I said this could be
very very random I don't know we it just
came warmed up on round one okay baby
hit me oh yeah look at those well very
far a lot like so much for real folks
who's it's just we've got a picture
calamari that's just like stolen off of
the internet with copyright over the
front of it who's looking at raw meat
being cooked and going ah that makes my
tongue are you not hungry yet don't
worry it's just the beginning round two
oh that mac and cheese don't look quite
good
Oh more calamari and another mac and
cheese really do you like sushi if you
do you'll fail this round okay but if
you look at that first roll on the left
little if you looks at someone has kind
of had mango in their mouth chewed up
and spat it on top of some salmon mix
them with a little bit of food that's
been left in their mouth anyway so
neither does not as conscious at all
also these are so much too close to the
food me to figure out what it is it's a
lot of sauce on that plate
this is there nothing this is this
obscene thing for me but I do very much
like salmon sushi though we're not
worried if your mouth as a water jet and
motapod motor started gushing water Oh
for fuck's sake is this calamari again
are mmm that looks like pretty
sawfish to be fair look so a good steak
it's not making me hungry though
these last two rounds will knock you off
your feet that looks amazing
that looks unbelievable oh the cheese
oozing outside I would destroy that the
other picture is better so I want a
piece of that cake I do because of the
chocolate on the big chocolate fans I
can see that just looks dry and not soft
inside at all okay hands up I lose I
want happy to eat me what is it we've
already seen this is happy that what I
was a cheese sandwich okay so I mean
it's so close I'm struggling here she's
all that bacon very oily so did you eat
monkey something bite your lip I'm going
to use none up no see what we got next
and your water so again Hungary should
tell you what does get me hungry don't
you guys the same it's the smell of food
if I'm not hungry and I can smell
something that smells nice it's being
cooked that instantly make me I'm very
very good quality pressure production
going on here
this is like turning me on a little bit
well they so satisfying to watch food
being cooked I've never seen that before
I want to like be inside that oven for a
split second just like again why now not
that just so this should be a trial get
satisfied challenge it's the most
satisfying me in the world how bread can
just evolve like that amazing oh that
garlic bread I think I'm gonna get boner
the last video is shit this is amazing
see now I'm just right what's the point
I just won all that food Oh bud speed
here we go can you watch this about
again I'm very probably not there's
nothing for me this is this is the
equivalent of porn I would say I would
say you get similar satisfaction out of
watching this as you would watching
pornography yes my mouth watering okay
just give it to me give me that burger
give me everything can you handle the
bacon No Oh drop the egg yolk in there
this is just shot so nicely ah
profiteroles stop it stop it
so being so naughty BuzzFeed look at
that is that cake seeing the icing on
that oh well I want to have any
everything that I've just seen in those
two videos can you make me some food
please Matt you like cooking Chris yes
hello but you changed that I cook for
you yeah well that was a nice change
from the first video just being pre shit
eventually coming through and just
seeing socks glorious food put that in
my mouth please
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed it you
all probably hate me now because you're
probably all right I'm so hungry
so sorry about that but give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you tomorrow with another video all
right bye you guys alright
