hello beautiful sexy people hi hello - a
haircut in market a haircut admirers got
a haircut chop dog mullet off the slide
so that's one thing that's new and also
lost from my pan which is slightly
depressing because I think I look better
with a tan but not really much I can do
about that is there
can't really lie in the Sun all day here
and I don't fancy wearing face hand so
if anyone knows how it can maintain my
tan please get in touch
today's video we're bringing back a
really old series one of the first
things we did on this channel in this
style of videos and that is drumroll
please use your baby photos if you're
unaware of what this series is my lovely
assistant off-screen shows me a youtuber
as a baby and I and you as a viewer
would also see the picture have to guess
who that youtuber is we have 6 so let's
begin number one is this any youtubers
we've done before no no no there's the
Twitter all fresh all those new wave of
youtubers I mean they're very orange
eh you say oh my god they're sucking
their fingers oddly abates Oh hmm I
laugh and I saw receiver is it it's a
bit of a long shot Noakes is not the
hair is it Liza yeah yeah I was again I
guess because of the skin tone but I was
like her hair's not carry on that has
curly in real life so no she rolled up
Thank You yep on thank you so one nil to
me Oh
what's his name
flyboy he'll it she bugs digs a job
engine saying that he is looking there
he's ready to jump in some slime isn't
it yes always come out maxing if you're
always in a little chubby cheese there
hidden or if you aim really slide we've
gone through spoil it like a really
funny name like a name you wouldn't
expect
guava to have isn't it Andrew no it's
something like that you'd expect it to
literally be like watermelon or made
with a binman
ah wrong no something like that it's
like ray no incarnation stream proper I
don't watch Coronation Street
do you watch corny charger I know you're
not that person
Liz roll night Floyd a symboi on your
Sabre
I'll check Barry did they really
polished Orton ray yes ah boys have
eaten which one or both so smash them
was rocking out egad solid look that's
Logan Paul Jay Paul isn't it is it it's
not a good guesser
that's why I'm like smash no not them
who is that
am i friends with them I would go to
that question am I crazy and my friends
elbows say it gives la does that yeah
they're British are they are they
brothers I'm assuming their products
could be weird if they're what friends
and that's another yes they're brothers
yeah they both youtubers for that
debatable Vlad and active and the other
youtubers do something
not Jack and Finn my uncle Jack I
separate 700 in there the British
youtuber called Jack yeah British not
Irish
I have no idea Jack you're gonna hate
yourself I want you to get it I've been
getting really annoyed oh my god Jack
and Connor yeah if you think oh my god
yeah yeah yeah
 yeah I would have thrown myself of
the chair didn't get that so I put
everyone right so far your long partner
we may have done have a form not
Superman it is that Superman yeah Adam
that's just to kind of get you me
more time cool holidays OED is that
leafy yeah oh my god he looks so like
yeah change too he looks a lot less
ratty there than his mental like the
right little rat is me in a dark little
room
they just seems like a happy college kid
things really Pratt I I defected um
Calvin Calvin how did they seem together
as well Asian also I've daddy does not
me here
oh is it someone else to fits in the
similar categories leafy is it um what
the hell's his name
once the furious Pete no purity what's
his name
flippin roasting that broke rice garbage
Jesus rice Eman your voice really miss
we just came to this one oh wait we can
clamp it up you choose met well it's his
name begin with hey Bart there's no
really weird name what you were saying
earlier I think apply to him wait for it
can do rebound and then
others when we normally effectively fit
very close be I'm tonight Brian - Brian
you expect to be like some old dad like
Brian yeah well thank you thank you very
much well there we go that rounds up I'm
going to call it like the new season of
youtubers baby photos so hopefully you
guys enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if
you did and of course let me know if you
would like this series to continue
because as over here are all youtubers
so we can do more and I will see you
guys from having a video all right
everyone played bite bite
