hello there everybody and welcome back
to lower your expectations I say welcome
back because we had a week break one
thing that so if you haven't seen the
weekly vlog on Marcus main channel a
part of it which I enjoy quite a lot we
join and talkative Marcus what happened
the squirrel ins the squirrel Indians
okay short version I got bitten by
squirrel and went hospital see the first
part if they are that's quite funny
we're just going to go and going to
hospital yeah okay and then the long
story hits the fan look there we are in
Savannah which Savannah in America I
would recommend to anyone if you
thinking of going there it's really cool
because it's one of the only place in
America that has genuine history because
it's one of the oldest cities in America
it's also the most haunted city in
America but it's the architectures
amazing I'd say Dallas is really really
cool I got going it's amazing it's just
cool vibes so we were there and went out
into the park you know in the morning
it's lovely part we're just sat chillin
on the grass as are so many squirrels
around this is so nice I feel like I'm
back home I was eating a protein bar as
I do their favorite snacks and I was
just like I'm just going to throw them a
bit so they're a little bit third term
they obviously loved it eating it
nibbling it away as are that maybe they
want some more so break off another bit
put it onto my finger into my hand and
hold my hand out did you get a bit
greedy we I want more interaction with I
just saw guys throwing it to it yeah I
want to get close and personal you guys
so hold it there and there is jumping
towards me it's getting closer smithing
them going back away as well as is cute
like you get it covered a minute
and then it kind of sat right in front
of my hand I was like this moment this
is going to happen and all of a sudden
it happened so quick but I've picture it
now sort of going to this massively
vicious moment of jumping and the
protein bar was on my index finger
what's great abyss left and bit my
middle finger we're not just bit like it
Stuckey on to my middle finger so I had
it thief in my middle finger my
immediate reaction was obviously move my
hat as I move that squirrels stuck in my
finger so stop wiggling my finger about
squirrels front squirrel then grabs is
claw on to my other thing
go so it's cause now I'm not feeling I'm
like oh and they're just slinging it
goes flying off my fingers literally
like a double backflip and land it on a
tree but when it landed on the tree it
can have sat there I'm staring me they
like what just happened I know it's just
that I've just been bitten by squirrel
and the only reason it was hostas who oh
that old Bush we did let's go wash my
hat to embed it the hotel told the guy
and he was like getting out first aid
kit and then this guy ran down the
stairs he's like did you just get bit by
squirrel because I was like yeah he's
like did you know that remember and then
he gave me this rabies spiel and he was
like the one thing with rabies that you
get symptoms you just die I said I
thought identify something I thought
that okay and he's like screw as a road
and animals they can't know that okay
well they are related to rats aren't
know yeah so I went I let you alone did
you feel quite effeminate though going
in there I've never felt more stupid
checking the hospital so what what
happened called bit by squirrel was at
A&E as well was it oh yeah
so actually a bird or oh yeah and that
comes to an end of episode 25 thank you
very much for listening along to this
episode I hope you've enjoyed it please
do us a favor and rate the podcast on
iTunes or wherever you're listening to
if you can break it rated five star or
whatever the top rating and give it that
because we'd like to see your feedback
other than that we will see you or
you'll hear us next week
yep see ya guys ie
you
