hello beautiful sexy people happy
sunlight
my hair is a bit birds nesting right now
happy Sunday how's it going
happy happy Sunday would you like that
every single day I'm like happy Monday
happy Tuesday I don't think we
understood about today we are taking
part in a logo challenge done a few of
these ages ago it's one of my favorite
games I used to have there used to be an
app for it like the logo games another
who's the lover this says the only logo
expert can get 7 out then I like to
think myself as a logo expert marks low
expert so Starbuck oh sorry
logo color quiz well I'm already a
disadvantage from colorblind so sucks
but no no no that put me off I'm still
going to get 7 out of 10 I mean it's
definitely not the - definitely not blue
alright I want to say it's the bright
green I'm pretty sure it's the bright
green but I kind of want to say it's the
top left do you go top left or bottom
left quiz so well I'm not saying I'm
named top left a very easy to think it
could be the bottom left though you see
did you get you all that wrong didn't
you hello mom Oh FedEx is is I want to
say FedEx is bottom right I'm trying to
UM really if you bottom right or top
left
I think it's bottom right I get well I
guess obviously bottom left but I I'm a
bit scared that I'm going to take my
time but I just want to jump straight
into these but I'm pretty short bottom
left correct
okay Google like how you many know that
that's just confusing with that many
colors to look at now let me think about
this because Google when you first go on
a tab is orange isn't it orange already
sorry
ah
this is the heart this is very hard now
let's just I'm trying to think when you
go over a new tab is it blue or I think
it's blue I mean you guys top top right
absolutely smashing it I was right all
petty lets off kendall Jenner we we have
Pepsi is bottom right isn't it I'm sure
that's bottom right I've not had Pepsi
in a while I was thinking the other day
I was like how popular is Pepsi best
coke and it's actually very close I
didn't realize how big Pepsi was bottom
right is now dead bottom right God can
we just say I'm 100% so far are you
impressed Matt no mmm Microsoft
Microsoft I think I think it's top left
I think so can we just can we just take
a minute our coke okay it's not bottom
right that's too bright I don't add only
if either of the bottom ones I think
it's either top left or top right and
I'm gonna go top left ice bar low no I'm
genuinely annoyed or well if yet hundred
percent on that ah that's a shame Amazon
I wanna see what Amazon was Green Samus
is not green I'm lost on most Amazon is
it's always it's black font for Amazon
isn't that so it's one of the black ones
I'd say black night I'm going bottom top
right come on I have a con oh god the
next on the so hard Red Bull mmm a thing
is very bright so Red Bull was top left
okay okay you know I'm competitive and
the last last one is BuzzFeed well I
mean
it's kind of I've got a little got
little up there have a nice oh it's
going to use what's in front of me on
the screen and top right is it top right
it was a top right you got 8 out of 10
right I'm genuinely fill over to you
something in my life today 8 out of 10
on a low mood quiz has made me very
happy
especially because all these things we
like only index patterns can get this
and you never get it and I I'm not gonna
go like beatin it
I am proud of myself so you too should
be proud of yourself for taking part in
this video but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video you give the video a
thumbs up if you did subscribe if you're
new post videos every single day and
they'll see you tomorrow with another
video bye
