hello a beautiful sexy booble hair on
the microphone it's better peeve
actually nice welcome back to a trying
video oh my god I cannot tell you how
much I've missed this video not
necessarily trying in the food category
trying because we're not doing that
today
just trying trying trying testing
different products foods just physical
things in my hand miss those things yes
welcome to a celebrity trying perfume
video this is kind of like every
celebrity just gets that stage usually a
musician where they just bring out a
perfume it's like they've done an album
they've blown up a bit now just majors
got their perfume so today we've got two
people's perfumes really listen have
Boosh we start with why don't we start
with this wonderful branded item fairy
dust by Paris Hilton here's a nice
close-up so you can really see a flying
in the galaxy area wonderful that's the
box and we've got like an unboxing video
nice level on the top they're
manufactured and distributed for Paris
Hilton Entertainment incorporated lovely
fairy dust is a fairy dust like the park
really he does I mean some of my owners
then it did any of you guys wear this
Jonas I mean war if we're going to give
things marks out of 10 the design of the
box I would give it a good 9 I like the
colors they're nice Paris sending via
ferry doesn't really do it for me but
hey then you pull out the old little
slit case again I would still be on the
9 today still a lovely sparkles they're
a good thing on fairy dust sparkly
sparkly taste their de parfum spray
there is just make it sound so posh and
it's really not so is it oh then you get
a nice little blue on the top exactly
you've really smash this on Paris it is
not in the shape of fairy I'll be
annoyed it's not on a cherry berry but
we have got a what looks like a bit of
an Insectarium from
look at that looks like we in a bottle I
mean Paris Hilton oh isn't she a DJ now
go be careful don't really want to be
spying on ourselves when I go out there
get through you know what that actually
smells pretty good it smells like you
know when what I imagine a girl's birth
perfume to be when you're in school and
you get so static that's what I imagine
that you can smell kind of lots of
fruits in there and sweet stuff and a
smell did you up all those verbs but
then I was like that young and fruity I
was very old linger it's a little old
lingering Graham marksman around me now
to be honest see I think the issue is I
just spray here is falling onto me I'm
just covered in Paris now very pungent
yeah isn't it as you war button you go
there there's my fairy there so if
you're interested in being a an old
grandma who's a fairy go for that oh
Jesus Christ in my mouth a bit as well
honest that smell we need like some
coffee beans in here to clean my nose on
them so I would rate the smell like that
first spray as oh it now is lingering
it's just ranked Oh God I would raise
the smells 3 out of 10 packaging 9 out
of 10 3 smell 3 out of 10 and what what
really matters with perfumes the smell
is nice on the packaging so I'm just so
from the next one next in the older
celebrity perfume category we've got
none other than your favorite little man
hello little bag here we go I feel that
quite bad I can't name right let me try
named Little Mix mercy characters we've
got Jade Perry song called Lauren
what did you say Jade yeah and Perry
yeah Lauren no ins out Lucy no Li Lian
Lian oh yeah cause of your move jay-j I
think it is J Oh Gemma Jesse Jesse
clothes I'm sorry girls that I don't
don't I don't
yes I listen to you guys really but they
look very very serious on this very
serious on the packaging let's get a
close-up on this I mean look who's that
that that's Harry a name Lex yeah look
at that she is like ready to attack you
of this perfume then which one's this
they need to have their names there you
know people like me who I mean people
like me program I'm gonna buy this
probably gonna be their fans who's this
one
ah yeah Lee Anne there we go the animals
kind of like fill my shoulder and this
one who's this on justice yes Jesse
though Jesse's kind of you know I am
sophisticated beautiful women and you're
Jade who denies also quite serious so a
little mix you have a little mix of
perfume here I mean they are punching
with size that that is so disappointing
Lee small it's a fairly likewise bog and
then your inning we do you think of the
size of that map disappointing isn't it
they say size of the matter but
sometimes does but hey so what they
called they call it gold magic added pop
you are so packaging I mean schools so
you know cool but I would the know guys
I would I would give a packing a solid
six six out of ten the bottle nice
design it's nice little golden bits
there with a little LM on it but we all
know what it's really about the smell
Jesus Christ
well it's broken already the broken
things broken okay this they smelled a
little bit like Oh what does it smell
like okay here we go we're going to the
spray
oh shit and land on me again follows a
bit I mean it's a hundred percent nicer
than Paris Hilton it smells a bit like
air freshener you know when you've gone
for a poo and clear the air with that
stuff smells a bit like air freshener
have a smell yeah what life is light
isn't it not straight stuck in your nose
you know the breeze they are signing up
it's a bit like to breathe well done
little mix I mean I know I know it's not
you guys that were in there crossing
this but it is much better smelling than
Paris Hilton's
so congrats that I would give the smell
and little mix of good give it a good
seven so there you go let's have a
little bet on a youtuber who's going to
bring out perfume is there a youtubers
what their in perfume out there was chat
about it before like years ago I had
conversations about it and I was just
like enough I don't think I can do this
just like I can't do that I'm yeah but
who would you say who's gonna bring Dan
and Phil is going to be a fandom perfume
for sure they're missing a market their
fandom would love that smelling a fan
everyday it would be called fan as well
that would be a party if you like a
unique video where you meet another
standard you know who's your money
beyond a youtuber bringing up I think
you've now Jacob Sartorius he's known
leeches of knows not he he is going to
bring out perfume I'm telling you can
real perfume but yeah whose perfumes
would you like us to try next on this
channel let me know give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
subscribe if you're new I will see you
guys tomorrow good bye
