where are we Marcus we're in the top of
Edinburgh literary who brings the fire
we bring the fire the fire we bring the
fire
oh this is it Marcus start the road trip
I'm just getting some buddies out when I
was lovely I can't get close upon that
please Robert no but I wanna yeah this
is it this is artistic how you feelin
start the road trip T markers whoa
DJ's points yeah we do in a second guys
please get the points points work by
either retweeting my tweets or you can
tweet yourself the only thing is it has
to have hashtag team Marcus and hashtag
the Grand Tour a fellow wave whoa thanks
guys Jeremy Carlson here can you do a
good Clarkson impression does that see
your right
getting a lot of looks from the locals
yep Scottish their own debate you just
offended a lot of people I can speak
there's not alone that definitely not
need to go to the other alright guys
we've just stopped for a little fuel
break topping the cars up and then we're
on our way for lunch I'm hungry I need
some food
are you excited for lunch very very
excited I did that I am very excited
starving how Dean is going so far good I
mean whoa let's check the leaderboard
let's check the leaderboard right guys
just keep you updated team Pappy JUCO is
first we're currently second 33000 and
48,000 so that's learning how to drive
from the guy saluting city have you got
a driver's license oh where are you
driving shoes oh no I'm going to try
them trainers on where you're driving
gloves
I've got where you left them
he's in the suitcase ah guys matt has
also just said that he's left his
driving trainers in the boot Matt
doesn't he driving trainer
but yeah we're up to the second half of
the trip now Matt is in charge of the
wheel how's it going guys this is your
captain speaking
it's gonna be a smooth ride down to
we're in a car not playing where are we
going
convoy has begun the convoy has begun
who's running for a wee nap that bit
seriously we're almost there alright
guys so as I said we are almost there
we've made it nearly made it Matt's done
right he's done all right and tonight
with filming a video weird because he's
joining us in the car we don't help fun
video of him and then yeah we're gonna
enter a next phase of the trip basically
so I'm gonna carry on editing and then
we'll see what happens
alright guys that wraps up our first
official travel day it is being epic we
have travelled about 450 miles in the
cars and if I'm honest with you I am
shattered absolutely shafted so it's
been a great day think we're currently
in second place but it's looking tough
because the Germans are chasing so this
is a real call to action for you guys to
get on board and tweet hashtag team
aquas hashtag the Grand Tour get us
those points because I thought we were
chasing first and now it's like we're
struggling to keep second but saying
that tomorrow is the first day of actual
challenges and if you do well and
challenges you get points so I'm looking
forward to that and yeah it's just gonna
be a good day tomorrow so I hope you
guys enjoyed and I see smoke
