that's one of the bits not a melon hello
hello welcome back to the channel
welcome back to my home welcome back to
an orange Marcus not only in the t-shirt
also in my skin color I've been away as
you may have known I was a way of six
weeks travelling in LA across America
and then had a family holiday I'm back
I'm also in enough t-shirt that Zayn
himself sent me so thank you very much
saying I don't think it's a I'm pretty
sure is his team but he's done it to me
- thank you very much and welcome back
this is just a little video to tell you
about what's going to be happening on
this channel I just chat a little bit I
was away I had some time I've had about
ten days off from the channel because to
be honest it all just got a bit
stressful trying to stands up things
whilst travelling across middle America
with not much internet and yeah it was
just a bit of a stress plus I felt like
a lot of the content on the channel
hadn't it was just kind of uploading
stuff to get stuff up rather than
thinking about content that much and
blah blah blah dries pretty much
everything I spoke about in the last
video but I'm back refreshed and I've
got kind of like a better plan for this
channel I'm a main channel which I can
torture a little bit about so starting
off with this channel what is going to
be happening is I want to have kind of
like a loose schedule in the sense that
on every single day of the week will be
a different type of video and you guys
will know what type of video that's
going to be so it just kind of makes
things a bit more organized it makes it
organized filming for uploading and as a
viewer as someone who subscribes to the
channel knowing what kind of video
you're going to be getting so you might
not even notice that much of a
difference but for me is going to make a
big difference so yeah like I said I'm
not going to only to explain the exactly
schedule but it's just going to be a bit
more
regular we're going to bring some
different videos back that we used to do
that I missed and we're just going to
have fun with it and hopefully you guys
can enjoy the videos with the main
channel going on with what I said in the
first video is I'm not going to make I'm
only going to make videos that I want to
make on that channel I'm going to make
stuff that I think funny I'm going to go
back to making
kind of like sketch little acting out
videos whatever we feel like uploading
is what I'm going to put on that channel
it might not be every single week
because we're going to put a bit more
effort perhaps into like the writing on
the film of that so it might be every
other week but will aim for every week
we'll just see what we get but yeah I'm
just going to use that as kind of like a
showcase because a lot of things I want
to do in life a lot of things going to
make in life and I want to use that
channel as an experimental segment of my
life of my life just to showcase things
just to say like yo this is what we do
on this channel this is what we can do
and then keep this channel for the farm
sit down personality where I feel like I
have a real connection with you my
audience a viewer Harry Bethany and Jin
hi
and I'm marked by the games is nothing's
happening with that so don't expect
anything from that that there's actually
a really funny Twitter account that is
tweeting from marks but the games it's
not me but and good stuff I really
appreciate what you did thanks for still
sharing the channel from love yeah
that's kind of like channel updates
really I wanted to just chat for this
first video back normal videos will be
back from tomorrow podcast is going to
be back from Monday we also had one week
break if you are subscribed to the
podcast
it comes out every single Monday so some
people were like oh where is the podcast
but there was one week proved from that
that that's coming about Monday so if
you haven't already you can subscribe to
it is a link to stay so yeah welcome
back to the channel I'm very excited to
get back into it I hope you guys are
excited and yeah I look forward to
posting every single day on this channel
so see you guys tomorrow it was another
video
that's right hi pi PI pi PI pi PI
