hello hi hello second time I'm trying to
film this video
not because it's anything hard to talk
about it's just sometimes you go to film
and you just can't film like you can't
you just can't do it like of course I'm
filming right now but you can't speak I
can't speak what I'm what I want to
speak that probably doesn't make sense
but yeah basically I want to sit down
and chat you guys and give you guys an
update about what I've been up to and
things hasn't me videos for a few days
some of you probably won't even notice
but there hasn't been videos for a few
days
because I literally just didn't find the
time to film whilst like being away now
a lot of you I feel some of you mostly
probably don't even know who I am right
now I'm traveling America I was in LA
for a month and then I was in Miami were
like three weeks and then my sister goes
to University in Tennessee so me and
Steph we did a road trip from Miami up
to Tennessee she's graduating then we go
all going on all my family coming out
and we're going on family holiday ah
lovely but to be honest I'm really
excited to get back to UK I feel like
it's really hard to stay on top of
things whilst away like with so much
things going on the podcast more markets
main channel everything else that I'm
involved with to try and keep up with
that all those three things alone whilst
travelling and like just taking the time
off to go on holiday or like I feel like
I can't really do that because I'm
clumsy hanging or I need to film this I
need to do this I need to check this
news Japanese and I'm really a forward
to getting back to the UK and getting
back into everything like with the main
channel focusing on more sketch stuff
and getting back into rhythm of that but
then also more Marcus I've got a lot of
plans and stuff that I want to do this
channel but it's like I can't really do
it yet so I'm still filming whilst I'm
out here content wise because I want to
upload stuff in this channel I don't
want to just be like guys I'm going away
for six weeks and not upload anything so
there's still videos and nothing that
much is even going to change with more
Marcus but I just have a few plans and
ideas that I want to do with this
channel which you might notice you might
not even notice in the next few months
it's actually a bit frustrating because
I sat down here I'm trying to film
normal videos to this channel but the
Internet in this hotel is so and I
can't what's got my phone and there's a
lot of things on my laptop that have to
do videos with
I can't do it so that's why you have an
update video right now and the next few
videos will be things that don't maybe
use my laptop but just that you know
there might not be there might not be a
video every single day until I'm back in
the UK until I'm back on track back into
regular scheduling and everything just
to kind of give you a heads up I've been
filming every single day for the main
channel for a weekly vlog I posted one a
couple of weeks ago and you guys really
really liked it I'm not going to go back
to daily vlogging but the weekly blog is
something that I've really enjoyed doing
just filming little clips every every
day of the little things that I've been
up to especially when I'm doing a road
trip or something fun like that so
there's going to be a new weekly blog on
the main channel coming soon which is a
lot of fun we stayed in a haunted house
in America we said in most haunted city
in America I got attacked and had to a
hospital so that happened but yeah I'll
probably be on the main channel this
weekend or at some point at some point
but yeah I just wanted to kind of sit
down and say that really like I don't
know what your expectations are with
this channel I don't know what you
expect from the channel or you expect
from me but I always try and see it like
more Marcus is really fun every day
videos whatever it might be reacting
something just really random or it might
be an advice video or it might be trying
something or it might be a quiz of some
sort like there's no category there's no
box that things have to fit into and
fireman that is like a random random
channel you don't know what you're going
to get and that's where the expectation
with that always has been since I set
out doing those videos on this channel
which was about a year and a half ago
maybe even two years ago coming up - so
don't know what your expectations always
that channel but I feel like I've always
kind of set that out main channel is a
weird one because it's like I also feel
like my main channel doesn't have that
much so if you guys my main challenge
like all watch what's Marcus but they're
known for on his main channel now you
look at other youtubers what scares
about a PewDiePie became I was PewDiePie
known for okay was known for gaming
videos what's
zoella known for beauty sit down long
chat kind of video and I won I think I
was like what was my thing like what do
I do
I was like sometimes I do a sketch
sometimes this kit sometimes I
cloud sometimes I'll do observational
stuff I'm usually making fun of
something like taking the piss out
myself or something but I don't really
know where I sit and I kind of feel like
that with the main channel is something
I want to focus on moving forward like I
really enjoy writing by writing stuff
out planning video scripting videos I
like acting and I like doing things that
people wouldn't expect you to do and I
feel like I do try that with the main
channel and I've always kind of done
things that might not be the best thing
for the channel and people you know
either works or doesn't work but that's
I like taking at risk whereas I I know I
could easily sit down and make videos on
the main channel where they would tick
all the boxes for like getting good
views getting good algorithms like all
the you to be videos that could do
really well in views I kind of feel like
I'm not into that anymore like that was
a huge thing in YouTube growing and like
making all these videos that you knew
would do really well of course you're
you're like enjoying making the videos
and having fun but now I don't really
think about that at all and Robin thing
and all I need to just make videos that
can do really well can't just want to
make stuff but I want to make and
hopefully you guys enjoy and that's why
I'm striving for on the main channel
obviously not whilst I'm here because
it's hot it's hard to do a lot of effort
goes into that channel when I'm back
home with Matt like making videos to
that channel but yeah I just kind of
wanted to let you know that the thoughts
are going through my head right now so
that's one of the thoughts of the main
channel because I'm not expecting
anything on video I'm not saying here to
like cry or to get anything from you
guys but yeah that's kind of the vibe
that's going on right now the YouTube
vibe but yeah I don't know I'm looking
I'm really looking forward to this
family holiday which is in a few days
because don't just be with all my family
together for a week I'm just going to
chill and try not think about stuff and
then come back to the UK refreshed ready
to kill it ready to smash it and start
working on a bunch of excites up which
there is there's going to be a lot of
exciting stuff coming and we'll get back
to recording the podcast as well there's
a couple is another episode I think that
we've recorded whilst I was in LA so
yeah then we're back on to normal
recording to podcast as well but yeah
that was just a little update video I'm
probably going to film a few more videos
in this location without my shitty
internet that's it for me today
those mines those are my today's
thoughts give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed I'll see you guys tomorrow maybe
see you tomorrow yeah Lots he won't say
no more never eat videos every day I see
where you said that okay I'm going
bye-bye
