hey yo beautiful takes people flowing I
can't film without my laptop is stalking
youtubers instagrams this is part of a
series we've done on this channel and
let's continue the series starting with
amazingphil so amazingphil 3.3 million
followers has only posted 189 times
that's quite impressive
let's go back to the beginning of time
shall we which should take a lot of time
on this Internet so here we go the first
ever photo 25 April 2012 it is a
violation of Florida law to feed or
harass alligators I mean okay
interesting Phil let's see some of you
that at the beach with my bro
all we gotta look like Casper literally
catalytic no Phil insta graze insta
grade that crap steaks in bed cuddling
in teddy nice that looks like diabetes
in los home-made shake way awful love
the drink doesn't a spring break get on
it so a few photos all about alcohol
boss oh you cheeky boy you can see how
bad the quality of phone cameras were
like this was four five years ago four
years ago it just looks so grainy and
pixilated something's gone horribly
wrong
okay Phil passport photos Oh pancakes
and Pharaohs James James Bond Mission
Impossible oh my god Phil looks like I
only started watching it the other day
and I didn't continue because it was a
done I think it's me
I started watching Legion there looks
like the main character from Legion does
anyone else say that I don't know his
name is but that is we're going to get a
picture here and you're going to see the
resemblance
I hope but perfect social competitive we
feel is quite cool but not that to the
last selfies on Phil's Instagram so I'm
kind of getting at the moment a lot of
selfies also a goat brilliant blue hair
back then he also has the same selfie
face in a lot of his selfies it begins
the internet is great we're on the
ground oh thanks I'm for sending us both
pair of your carriers that's what cool
filmmaking in love with making love
making out with a statue
sorry I've been up till frayed if I'm
stuck on yourself mourn recently Phil
has posted in Gardens by the bay looking
up at this guy how lovely
oh he still likes a cocktail though good
on you Phil well I stand like lip biting
there okay right don't feel let's have a
look at the absolute legend herself
jenna Marbles 4.4 million followers 1000
posts it's going to take a long time to
get to the beginning so just going to
scroll how far back we hit off only two
years ago
well this is so painful to go back on
slow Internet
we've made it yes whatever big dirt I'm
real oh she's very entire houses right a
lot of people are houses one house to
house is there something I didn't know
about her she secretly want to be an
architect I first dog - even does she
still have a dog I don't know she still
had the dog I remember that dog for my
first videos lovely scenic views of the
Grand Canyon a lot of people so again
you guys know a laugh everyone's first
selfie is mine mine worse and every
every single person looking at Angry
Birds tournament that's one of them
something oh very cute she absolutely
loves her dogs she just had from the
hair on it that every picture is just
her and her dog known as he that every
issues her dog you in every picture was
a dog's just like become part of her
brand and there's a different face you
can learn how to dress just by checking
my fresh it's like a gentleman recently
real question is why wouldn't you wear
leg warmers well that's not even that
long I'm like more recently four years
ago when did Jenna have purple hair
don't remember that throwback to my most
festive gogo outfit ever happy Portugal
I wish I still had that bangin ass pan
but alas that shit's back to you she is
well tan group green she'll green hair
and then green hair I didn't know she
had this much crazy hair she don't post
that much yes she doesn't post that much
oh she does have her still have a dog oh
yeah yeah she still does the dog wait
Jenna
you're never posting on in store anymore
what that's why she's posting like once
every month if that Cole and Jenna come
back we miss you there we go I hope you
enjoyed that video I was going to try
and do a third person but it's my intent
to slow I ended up being way too long on
other people nevermind I hope you
enjoyed the video if you give it a
thumbs up if you like this series to
continue who should we look at next see
you soon see you sometime bye
