hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
new location for the next while
concurrently in where am i I'm in
Nashville in Tennessee right now because
I just I've been doing a lot of
traveling around you will see in a
weekly vlog or what exactly I've been up
to which will be on the main channel
coming soon maybe this weekend I think
but cut long story short my sister
graduate University in Tennessee so it
means that we did like a road trip from
Miami up Tennessee blah blah blah anyway
back into more market videos here we go
also sorry for not uploading the last
few days I just didn't even get a chance
to film by the amount of driving I've
done but yes they're loaded nine hours
straight drive and so that's what
probably look a bit like this savage
people is what we're going to be looking
at today
savage level one hundred and eight
percent in particular other Reno that's
going to tell hopefully a lot of people
just like fucking killing and being
savage level if you don't know being
established level means by now who are
you
hey Judy what are you doing later I want
to go to dinner sorry I don't get enough
you don't do dinner
why because I have a boyfriend cuz he
just brushed his hair
that's too bad
I don't usually ask twice
fuck yeah that's my tank no sure I'm
gonna dinner
also now you're interested well no tanks
business exactly like vice vice holidays
videos the Ferrari that's your car yeah
funny
I like put the phone
oh the hope they just instantly he
doesn't even know what to do he's like
oh she has got moves she can probably
dance when she can morgue
there's amazing
Oh motherfucker
fuck
what are you doing wonderfully doing
let's not savage over that's idiotic
level and in April I'll be heading down
to Texas good that means I'll be seeing
San Antonio Houston in Dallas yeehaw
police tell me that was in his own video
I really really hope those in his own
video
what is the only planet in the universe
known to support life yeah I did - I'm
sorry I'm quite stressed I can't do
anything lights internet it's doing my
head and being trying to film this for
like 30 minutes now so I don't even know
if we have a video if we have brilliant
I hope you enjoyed it if not as make
sure I'm going to see this bye yah yah
ah
