hello there everybody and welcome to a
very very special episode of lower your
expectations all he learns to drive on
YouTube for McDonald's joyride
eight-year-old boy in Ohio safely drove
his little sister to McDonald's after
learning to drive from YouTube which is
ridiculous and that is amazing what's
amazing though the boy obeyed all the
traffic lights and laws he didn't say
hit a single thing on his way
good driving fair play to him how did he
do it like how did he see because
eight-year-olds are small so how did he
see over the wheel that's what my first
question is I'm imagining is like you
know when you get two minutes in a coat
I think he just sat unlike his sisters
or shoulders the shoulder you were doing
that head was on the floor he was like
gasps gasps daddy brave you know what I
found really sad about this is that
eight chose to risk their lives they
could've gone anywhere but they've gone
to McDonald's for a burger like it's
ridiculous that is the power of
advertising right there isn't it yeah
but think what an 8-year old one it's
like an eight year old and his little
sis probably a bit hungry and they just
fancy some nice fries in ketchup but is
not there's not many things an
eight-year-olds gonna think oh I should
go and visit my grandma it would have
been nice if they went to like I don't
know a stadium a football stadium or to
go to the park or something though they
go swimming there's so many other things
that could have done but them go and
fill up on grease McDonald's is
obviously amazing advertising it drill
it into those kids that like yeah I want
to do this I am that desperate I'm going
to drive a car so my question for you is
have you ever tried to copy something
stupid that you've seen on YouTube yeah
oh girl let's see Doug this is before
like either YouTube I don't have ever
told you that when step-up came out I
loved step up like I loved it step up to
especially they did a really clever
thing where they had a youtube channel
around step up to this is when I was
watching each other's like 14 and they
had dance battles like the step up to
cost versus like Miley Cyrus all these
big people but they did dance tutorials
and I basically bought a t-shirt or the
step up crew because they were like if
you buy this red t-shirt you're in our
crew so I bought an ohmmeter and then I
am did dance tutorials on YouTube in my
bedroom
ah where you get it no those moves never
left the bedroom pedagogy so you aren't
doing that in like the school talent
show and didn't have your red twat
really not absolutely not
ah did you ever film them a bit actually
do do you know crip walk in is that's
like foot dancing and BIOS used to try
and do that and I did used to record it
on the floor but they didn't go anywhere
you still have them anywhere hopefully
not that's honestly the first thing I've
just remembered since then we need to
find that and put it on YouTube or
Instagram or something I've been a host
mark Butler had Matthew Benjamin whining
yeah over there and yet made sure you
guys subscribe to the podcast download
it rate it and that can be on iTunes a
cast and also on Android as well so yeah
we've got we will see you guys next week
good bye bye
