yo yo yo hello people sexy people how
are you doing today good good let's
begin with the video most extreme rail
rail railways in them in the world
there's a random one today I know but
we're going to go over them most
dangerous and licks dream railways in
the road in the road and the world in
the rope that would be weird
something and a half million views hooyo
king is clean not one freshest desert
lays wha
I mean that's not free ah that's not
fresh is it like a train going over
seafood Oh what there's mental
Death Railway 110,000 we would die
during the construction of this railway
they what does the fact that people just
walk over like that
India's busiest railway is invert eight
million passengers every year like that
how do people just walk most dangerous
from 125 thousand people die annually
how how is that possible well I mean
it's possible because people are just
casually walking out in front of a train
which I bet people get pushed in front
of the Train as well that is crazy to
think that just to compares to the
trains that I'm used to and some of you
be used to when people complain they
don't get to see the people just riding
on the top of that train and people in
southern rails like I don't have a seat
for work today but I suppose like a set
on top of the train but it just I don't
where I'm not I'm honestly that's why
there's of course many of you who have
been killed like how can that be
resolved look at the roof it's just
bonkers absolutely bonkers
I would not want to ride that loose very
sketchy right why is that dangerous for
the construction am awesome that's what
you want when I train isn't it possible
cyclones and heavy winds may blow the
train off all these faces I've never
been to absolutely love to go all that
just looks like it could collapse at any
given time doing nice being going over a
hundred years and it just looks I guess
ready to give way look at the a bear is
like so it's not going anymore
I won't say cheese that just does not
look safe does it Oh
I mean I'm not I'm not really someone
who's scared of heights but I don't
think you catch me catch me out there
catch me out there catch me on the train
my and my donor that is it's another
dodgy looking britches a nap oh haha
okay hey that on there's some people in
the world who are like love trains and
they travel the world to look at the
different trains and stuff is math in
that's pretty cool that can make that
bridge switch sense it's like a roller
coaster more than a train it's actually
a roller coaster
I mean at least it goes slow I
personally how love it's just oh my god
what if he drops it what if he misses
out what if he doesn't get the key in
time the train just goes off onto a
different track 10,000 feet Wow top of
Everest
there we go that's something we've all
learned today I've never seen some
frames like that maybe you've never seen
some either so I've been a bit education
today but seriously is mental and I
think we can't take for granted our
train systems in the UK even though they
are Priya Portland yeah even though in
the UK they're not always the best when
you see things like that we have a
pretty good train system all right well
thank you very much for watching I hope
you enjoy the video if you did and I'll
teach more another one you played well
