honestly those gardeners that come to
this race every single day what it's not
necessarily like there's okay there's
some to some prawns but every single day
sorry
yo what's going on what is what welcome
beautiful safety people today hahaha I
obviously know Zoey friends of Zoey good
friend to Zoey
but we're going to find out if I really
know Zoey through this this all detects
calm this really good YouTube quiz about
Zoey we've taken lots of quizzes about
me before so times stop moving on to
some of my friends and other youtubers
when was so II born that is a very good
she's definitely not born in 91
definitely not she's born in 1990 I
thought she was older than that I
thought she was like 2 years older than
me well 3 is older than me
alright so she was born it was her
birthday recently wasn't it
I'm going with March 28 1990 doesn't Oh
yawns Reba who is the datum of Marcus
Butler Oh Christian delgros oh I love
some people they put brackets for like
vine and youtuber by now me and Tyler
don't practice us because everyone just
knows who we are don't know who the BPL
be where does Olo live London Brighton
Southampton Blackpool or Bristol Britain
when did sarella create a YouTube
channel thank you sue thousand nine I
think who is her brother whose oh
brother
oh we don't know how much do you think
though LM 8 so yeah cause if this thing
even though let's let's go up two and
half now where is her favorite place her
family home Isle of Wight what a her
guinea pigs called Pippen and Percy ah
what does the Vela collect does she
select any of those things
Disney DVDs probably what is her
favorite Disney film Rapunzel I don't
have a clue I'm completely guessing why
would I know what a Zoe's favorite
Disney film ends let's go Rapunzel
what is the hell is favorite cereal
Lucky Charms
Oh Nina is when we were stayed in a
house one time she is that I have to get
lucky charm test results you quickly
altered 8 out of 11 oh yeah so I know
Zoe quite well just seeing how well I
know Zoe we've obviously got to put gel
OPM's Ont who I know better so let's
move on to joke where was Jo born we
were sure we're eight or ah what's Joe's
full name Joseph Graham suck how many
films has he starred in today had he
written an e-book if so well how many
when was this quit made because he's
done two just saying I know it that well
Rosie done three thank you some three
how many channels does he have them what
they called that Joe attached to both
that's Joe again is everyone like the
first author when it's his birthday and
how old he September because he is older
than me
what months then what year does he
create his channel Oh November 2011 I'm
going what is the exact date of his
first video when it's December the 8th
dozen of them or was it August 2000 and
he's always 2012 actually last but not
least is here daily vulgar yeah oh my
god on average 368 of users he took the
quiz gave six point seven I know Joe
very well very happy about that what did
I get wrong are the daily vlogger thing
it's just having a bit of fun there was
a nice so I clearly know Joe well and
this video has been very short so sorry
about that but um well Joe looks like
I'm any better than Zoe
Dori gives really a thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow with another one
could be
