hey guys today is very exciting day and
we vlogging because I'm involved in
YouTube rewind which is basically a
massive video video every single year of
the biggest trends and music on YouTube
and party and then they recreate it
today boy himself is involved in that
video and I had no idea what I was doing
before I got here you're gonna see some
crazy stuff I'm basically flying around
the room free craning rack the shooting
stars me this is who else is in with me
today
Simon beef they're about to a wardrobe
change into the clothes and then
practice do you want to talk us through
your outfit no TV well because they're
holes in the clothes I had no hotels
bring forth using them this is my out
that they're gonna hold him not my jeans
they're all your shoes all my shoes
welcome to the film set
good morning
win this duel what's going on Marcus
this is the equipment that has attached
my body for myself to fly around that's
right she's gonna pretend unlike
Daenerys unlike the dragon is flying
around support your flying inspiration
gonna be in flying dragons flying
practice
you're gonna edit this a dragon cinimon
yeah yeah everybody how does it know you
about to go in the desert you can
reenact that's it come on you can
reenact your tattoo
No
I just want to know something new about
you
where are we now Matt on a boat this
could be tested you're acting I could
see where you are and you got a light
percent sup Caribbean is it's gonna be
yourself tape you Center everyone on an
airplane but you're in economy so it's
terrible walking out in Toronto football
pitch in front 90,000 people
you know straining we had him rotating
this way okay right right that was me
saying I'm hot no you come good
