hello beautiful sexy people how are you
10 most expensive things in the world is
what we're gonna be looking at today
yeah I before I haven't researched this
tool yet I don't know what is going to
contain but I can't even guess some kind
of diamond would be in there don't know
else would be in there so let's find out
in this idubbbz music the 1963 Ferrari
250 GTO racer is officially the world's
the most expensive car having been sold
for an astounding 52 million dollars
what 52 million for car war heart the
price is a 49% increase compared to any
other recorded auto sale holy
every great collector has to have a GTO
in their collection nowadays 52 million
the world's most expensive smartphone
cast a staggering sixteen point five
million dollars now it does learn it
doesn't the gadget in question is a
unique handcrafted piece called the
iPhone 5 Black Diamond Edition who has
that who you don't need that in your
life the home button is a 26 carat black
deep cut diamond while about 600 white
diamonds cover up the chassis with 53
additional diamonds recreating the Apple
logo on the back would you lose your
fire
drop your fire oh the logos foundation
is made out of solid gold and the screen
is layered with sapphire glass fully
resistant to damage yeah for the
resistance damage yeah the world's most
expensive burger is a 5 ounce burger
worth three hundred and thirty two
thousand dollars any pictures of the
real thing as well because it's hot pays
three hundred thirty thousand for
something that looks like that I would
be livid that looks like
something you make at home by diving
so chef I thought man it has
been produced by a Dutch scientist and
is made of cultivated beef made of stem
cells I call me the real one I'm sorry I
just can't be most expensive men's shoes
in the world have been recently warned
by Nick Cannon the shoes in question
were created by Jason of Beverly Hills a
gemologist who's gemologist
Wilson gemologist the pumps are worth
about two million dollars two million
dollars on a fee that's a wrap times
Matt where's wisent futures on us on
that two million dollars Dom of Vulcan V
four hundred and five foot Giga yacht
was bought by an anonymous buyer in 2005
for the staggering amount of one hundred
and forty million dollars it was sold on
ebay sold on eBay Commission on that
they are loving that offering twelve
rooms the companies with twelve
bathrooms the Royal penthouse suite at
the hotel President Wilson in Geneva is
the world's most expensive hotel suite
at about eighty thousand dollars a night
some of these sisters mates were a bit
sick eighty thousand dollars for one
night one a dread I don't even know the
maps on that is first second how much
money you're spending a second honest
were like fifty quid a second of
something stupid a piano a pool table a
library jacuzzi amazing TV screens a
fireplace conference room and lavish
dining area eighty thousand was just
ridiculous
has made 13 million dollars for a domain
name sex calm the sale hasn't yet been
made official as it needs to be approved
by the court text calm stay calm
thirteen million Marina Bay Sands is the
world's most expensive building up Emma
and Singapore being worth four point
seven billion dollars fifteen point five
hectares of land with a gross floor area
of 581 thousand square metres
who haven't summer now had some drinks
Emily the property offers a luxurious
hotel convention and exhibition
facilities theaters retailers and
restaurants know how much it costs to
say that the marvelous building is
crowned by the sand sky park offering
360 degree views of singapore skyline
the view though is amazing if you go
down it's clear its main tip if you go
there just go for a drink like I said I
don't know how much is to stay there but
if you if you go there you can pay
drinks quite sensitive because obviously
an amazing view but the drinks maybe
like 15 quid or something and then you
can go to the top and like see with you
so if you ever go to Singapore do that
and that ground up the most expensive
things in the world no time actually
there was London the woman ii think what
was an iphone with diamond it was quite
a lot of times actually things about i
hope you guys enjoyed the video a thumbs
up if you did I'll see tomorrow another
one debate though that's like
