yo what's going on beautiful sexy people
today we're going to be partaking in
something together which is to do with
Instagram if you don't follow me on
Instagram what you did I'm market but
they go follow me I take great pictures
but don't really take great pictures but
go follow me because I'm funny
sometimes I post a lot of industry
stories so go follow me over there
anyway we've got a guest who have said
these can yourself on a slim and trim Oh
bio quiz so it's good to do people's
BIOS ok help change the world Justin
Bieber Harry Styles John Mann LeBron
James think John Mayer B nah is that
true or just then you little nice guy
you regret in your tears regretting your
tears that sounds like something Lady
Gaga would say no make your knowledge
asset referencing her new single oh well
by grace through faith perceive as
heretical Selena Gomez isn't that there
we go
am I the only person that doesn't
understand am I the only person who is
like confused that's all it confused how
Selena Gomez is the most followed person
on Instagram am I the only person who's
confused by that let's just have a look
she's got 117 exposure pic of home her
in the weekend said burn mil like that
is mental 117 million followers am I not
only person that's a bit confused that
like don't get me wrong she's and she's
done some cool stuff 13 reasons that how
she's involved with that you know it's
pretty sick but yeah she doesn't cool
stuff she's huge Disney star but like
the biggest on Instagram I don't know
I'm not in love I'm not coming / not
just yet anyway joke haha I don't know
maybe loaded you're like massive Selena
Gomez fans and you're going to hate me
happy that Liam Payne I know that Liam
Payne because these just at our baby
life is great
enjoy every second of it Spencer Pratt
long Connor or I unlit early don't know
those people but if Lauren knows Brody
Jenner I'm a rainbow that's Katy Perry
admit I was gonna DJ Jen's don't get
your gay Barry I'm so bad a like
this aleyk√ºm selam Lindsay Lohan okay
great I follow a lead alone on snapchat
HD but I don't really use snapchat much
anymore
more like grown old
a great fan so I know that brand new
sound in my mind it's even Lord of
Florence wealth and then Lord I don't
follow look I thought no lord I don't
know what I'm gonna get Lord no follow
you Lord God you can't another little
follow that don't nobody like me
everybody love me little y'all see ya
rapper probably don't nobody like me
everybody love me yes some sounds about
right
true I talk of dreams which are the
children of an idle brain whose Lee
smashing this hey I'm Luke and I like to
party Luke Hemmings is that right that
was a complete guess but hey seven out
of 12 right I'm well happy of that
considering we had such an awful start
also someone's decided to stop Oh God hi
oh yeah we literally got gardeners
climbing say we I'm in a rented house
he's literally climbing up the fence
climbing over the fence glittery high
five meters away from me and he's now on
the patio I wish I wish I could show you
this Oh God there is Ozzie literary -
kinda laughing I was like alright yeah
not not to be scared no Matt no I hope
you enjoyed the video us on something if
it is hits probe another one bye
