hello a beautiful sexy people welcome
welcome back in case you've been gone
some time you might not have been going
you might be watching every single day
if you have well done you deserve a
medal if you have them doesn't really
matter
today's video we are going to be looking
at 20 most luxurious dog houses yeah I
don't I don't even know what that means
like dog houses didn't even know I don't
own a dog hood in those dogs have houses
in my head days they live in your house
maybe have a cage you put them in at
night yeah guess this is a different
world over about the list now there we
go 20 most luxurious dog houses 20 of
the most luxurious dog houses got this
person has an annoying voice this dog
house is what a minimalists dreams are
made of but if everything Fido needs
without the bells and whistles okay but
of what I guess I feel like dog house
they're an American thing because you've
got much bigger houses you've got a lot
more space than us in the UK so you can
have your little dogs or your big dogs
in their houses outside you know also
isn't what's that film Beethoven
Beethoven what a film here's a dog house
doesn't man Warren style dog house is
great for keeping your pet safe from
outdoor elements the watertight roof
provides shelter in any type of weather
watching I mean I'm glad I'm really glad
that there's a picture of the dog that
collapse in the Sun oh my god
now this doghouse doesn't come with
running water air-conditioning cottage
house it comes with a planter box a
built in toy box a feeding station and a
small step deck right at the entrance
that's cute that is kiefer dog
absolutely little bows outside this is
the perfect choice for those who don't
have stacks of money laying around the
Oh plump Oh
when you know your dog has wanderlust
this is a dog house you get them to time
it is very easily portable and can be
set up anywhere both inside and out you
can get yours today for only $1,200
sorry for only $1,200 when did that stop
fun people like you can get this for
only 550,000 pounds you can get this for
only
five million pounds if you prefer a more
rustic look to your doghouse canine fine
art caves has built a structure that
allows your dog to return to its primal
instinct I had no idea this is a
business like dog houses how do they
know it looks like how they're not
people they just digitize things what
peep what they think people like and
they're like yeah my dogs can like this
when I was at Coachella the other day
honestly there was this woman walking
with two dogs don't type they were
completely dyed their whole fur but not
dyed it so it's like you know not white
not not white like a an ashy color
bright powerful bright green is two
little dogs I was like that that must
have hurt
quite a lot this house comes from a
company called best friend's home this
fairy tale dog mansion doesn't have
windows but rather two turrets to
complete the castles elegance Oh God
who's buying that for their dog the mini
castle was meant to be a small cuddly
room where your dog can feel right at
home
right home it's just a dark room like
he's getting one of the dogs inside
there's no one home as an adult criminal
Sandman makes their dog houses with
premium varnished wood that is resistant
to all types of weather conditions is it
resistant to a tornado you can purchase
this gorgeous design from an artist on
that seat that's quite cool I mean a bit
ridiculous and it's complete with a
window artificial turf feeding station
in outdoor deck they allude to a window
and man and succulent plants as
decoration everything a dog to dream you
know time the dogs just kind of pixel in
those palms closing it it just is the
cubix dog house is created by the German
company best friend's home and comes in
three different sizes to accommodate the
size of your dog why do you need that
fear though you just don't need it you
just done beautiful white colonial
doghouse was crafted by the makers at
beyond the great huge literally huge
running water lights and heat and AC
heat and AC model has a starting case of
six thousand and one hundred dollars due
to the absolutely did exist doghouse was
anything but standard it features
multiple window 60 square feet of space
inside 60 square feet high
instead of making the dog outside at
home to keep your dog in your home
no sylvans that doesn't have a real home
then after some searching we found this
cabin style doghouse on the weather
Kings website on gold this Victorian
style doghouse is spacious enough for
three or four dogs to roam my god
space someone to live in the owner
commissioned the project after a large
owl almost carried off whatever
Pomeranian
the tree I could live in that everyone
knows this Eris gets exactly what she
wants including the most extravagant
doghouse for her many pups gone
the dogs were sight in a two-story
Italian style villa complete with roof
tiles and wrought iron railings on the
second floor balcony times go to the
inside you'll find multiple dog beds
food in water stations heat and air
condition war issue the dog mansion cost
three hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars annoy tourism from the Hilton
the dog house however takes the cake as
being the most expensive dog house in
the world cost just over four hundred
seventeen thousand dollars how
ridiculous it includes everything you
could imagine
oh yeah everything you can imagine
sheepskin temperature control beds yeah
yeah yeah was mashing mashing yeah a
saline treatment spa bath and a retina
scanner to keep out all the common
riffraff good yeah Wow oh my mind is a
little bit blown if you know I don't own
a dog do you guys have cooled elk homes
have any of your friends got told homes
like that but anyway hope you guys
enjoyed this video give a thumbs up if
you did and I see you tomorrow another
one if I
