yo yo yo yo yo what's going on people
scanner I haven't done one of these
videos and I feel like a long time
probably a couple of months I meant to
do them once a month then meant to I
choose to do
I cannot force to do it by men's do it
once a month and I feel like I just
haven't done one in a long time and I
was going for my Twitter and someone was
like you need to do a listen video cuz
you haven't done one in a long time so
here we go welcome listen you guys know
the score some of my favorite musics I
want to share with you right now and see
what you think I'm playing it through
this house they put speakers so
hopefully you can hear it yeah the first
one is by so Becky hill you guys
probably know some of her other songs
for sure you might not know the name but
she's she was on the voice a while ago
she smashed there she's like I think
she's really really cool but she's got
this new song out called rude love and I
think it's awesome it's really really
good
cool enjoyment
ever known to do a mic
Oh
yeah exhale rude love number sandwich
I've been playing words implanted blood
deluded is by neuro master again you
might have heard of me or asking right
now I think he's like DJ producer is
done some quite really cool songs and he
does it featured artists and singers and
this one is called one night and it's
with Charlie X yet such a sick song song
avoid my love Charlie's voice
there we go
that's amazing song like that never got
to do and what I'm doing is because I I
want to play your song but and I'm just
like I picture you sat here that if
we're in a room and I'm like yeah listen
this song isn't this good and then you
need to listen to this next song you who
don't think it's that big yeah so Zoo
who I think it's sooo who or zoo not
realized pronounce their the art is z-h
you and this is a thing I've used them
before in one of these videos like a
long time ago but they got this new song
out called Nightcrawler and it's just
sick like it reminds me of an 80s of
play - reminds me of an 80s pop sound
tumors such a cool beat
like they say yeah just a bit different
notes like fun new for your ears next
song is cooled Gemini
yeah hide and run some school Gemini
last I'm going to show you is called
closure like Tom J William
today
there we go
that rounds up my five songs I'm sharing
with you this time around
most all those songs during my Spotify
playlist so if you don't follow me link
will be down there
search me I'm trying to find me
basically I'm a music curator you're a
sweet love to you love tomorrow then
more thoughtful and I'll see you guys on
a video bye
