zero thing with bleached hair right is
like you can pretty much do anything
with your hair and it would like stay
there if you literally like that talk
because my hair needs to be washed I
watched it the day before yesterday I
feel like I look like some kind of new
Giro character maybe it's a bit cooler
the end of it like up in the air
anyway onto the video sales watching
that - sorry
watching people fail UK British TV
mess-ups people people in Britain love
to see other British people fail don't
know what it is other that's why I want
to ask you guys I only see what it's
like in America but like amongst the
press in the general public people don't
usually like people doing well in things
they succeed in and people love to tear
people and drag them down in the media
and press that's just the way our
country works so that's nice to be
surrounded by that
whereas America is so motivating where
people fail they're like whoa oh you got
man work hard go again like people that
set up what's it like where you live but
anyway we are looking at UK British live
bloopers the racing line have officially
closed
is that Holly Willoughby if you please
have quiet in the studio quite cool
quite there's no one's being quiet
that's not real that can't be real thank
you
okay I have the answer right here that I
can't be real
have a grab because we were told you're
a big fan of The Karate Kid films that
we got going for you oh sorry where's my
never top of pop over there
we already did that yeah that's funny to
hear what happened points which he very
clearly made about the dangers of any
which that's at Phillips
statement ITV she'd kept that together
very well
ten min he's got to run that on it's
burnt his hand called cyber bulbs he's
alright days alright though right he
won't be sorry he swore that is the one
thing that annoys me of like TV I don't
get me wrong there's little kids watch
IT so people can sweat but we made a
main Channel video steptronic youtubers
in bed me and Louise about swearing that
was kind of the underlying message in
it's like people just need to chill out
people swear all the time
in real life so when people surround
like to be you don't be so oh my god
they said a naughty word kind of just
kind of why so much happened on you can
really hear that lovely Holly is
literally me when there's a flying
insect there anything else environment
if it's flying I can't I can't deal with
that very quickly
Minges another supposing that some of
the people who ought to be paying taxes
so that cuts aren't so bad I bet you are
oh god we'll have the weather forecast
in am innocent of course it'll be 100%
accurate and pride all of you told you
could possibly want I've just seen Tom
Chef and I guess preparing for it so I'm
on top ah oh that's amazing is so good
today so it goes to give the thing when
you go uh-huh
I mean you have to know that you're
scratchy chin and every time I scratch
my chin I just have to give it one of
those back in November it's going to
start in April every 18 to 24-year old
cop in this country
why do so many people slip up with the
c-word no I say a lot I say probably use
every day lovely winter's day tomorrow
rocket loads of sunshine please beam up
I think I think is an inside thing and
they do it on purpose I reckon there's
some like inside our social network
where they were like but let's see if we
can slip the word today and yeah it was
a bucket of coming rain like it's not
even the same vision cells loads of
clouds there's loads of Robins with it
Jesus even got new tip haha is so bad
there is so bad how cool is that
great to see Eric Cantona I just don't
believe that many people make that
mistake
I have you ever accidentally said that
said it accidentally when you're trying
to say something else maybe it's because
I don't have that much done lots of live
stuff before and before you do it they
litter it when you're unwary down
anything they're like whatever you do
make sure you don't swear so the whole
time you're on air you're thinking in
your head and I've gone to all material
oh fudge maybe it's because they're
thinking about so much they just
naturally sometimes slip them Georgiy
words Lee is master of the old sari and
burst oh and West Kent Hunt is out
hunting this morning and Link field in
sorry
good morning lots of you are mentioning
that they'll still be talking about that
the West can hunted shall not be
mentioned in 500 years time I don't
believe it
what how has he done that it's happening
in the course of the next hour well
first up after the news are going to be
talking to Jeremy Hunt the culture
secretary about broadband
there's always okay there we go there's
some funny swearing British fails live
on TV oh my god what a mouthful I love
watching those things because people are
just constantly trying to be so
straight-edged and you can't ever say
something wrong so when you do sorry but
oh you guys enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
tomorrow with another one goodbye
yeah
