hello beautiful sexy people hello hello
hello welcome to a video which have kind
of wanted to you for a while but I've
never really got round to doing it and
hopefully turn it into a series and
blogs are up but basically on this
channel is hugely me like can be funny
or like doing little funny games or
challenges or reacting starflower which
so great entertainment but when I stir
daily blog I felt like I had a real kind
of me like was going through my mind I'm
sharing with you and I kind of miss some
of that so I had this idea to bring this
kind of sit down that all my videos sit
on Chaffey but literary topic-based and
those topics can be submitted from you
and it'll be a bit more serious bit more
chassis based on some my experiences
turns what the topics about and just
talk hopefully help give some advice to
some young people or maybe even some old
people I don't know my advice might mean
nothing it might mean something in my it
might help someone somewhere and I guess
that's what I want to kind of try and do
with this series so lo and behold
welcome to an advice theory yeah
from Marcus and today's topic is I tweet
it cuz I was like wish I wish I do which
I begin with watched I start talking
about
so tweeted and by far the most requested
then most requested was confident self
confident confidence how you hold
yourself and that was probably the most
heart hanging thing to me as self
confidence that feel so many people have
in this internet age where people can
show you like the perfect life so you
look at someone's Instagram account and
it looks I can look like they have the
most perfect life and it's very easy to
get worked up into this kind of
emotional rollercoaster of comparing
yourself to everything that you see out
there everything like whether you see
someone's amazing vlog amazing video
amazing pictures like whatever it is as
a human I feel it's natural to sometimes
compare yourself that you think oh why
on I like that or why can't I do that
and it's always asking that question
like why can't I be that why can't I do
that and for me this based on my
experience I struggle with
self-confidence and did struggle with it
me it was always asking in a negative
way so I never used to look at things
and think oh their life looks great my
life's also great it would it used to
always be why can't I be like that why
can't all I'm not like that my life's
not like this and it's always in a
negative way and the first thing I think
that I stopped and was thinking about
things in a negative way and try think
about it in a positive way
so when you take a situation you're
looking at something you can either take
positive or you can take a neutral yes
but like I see it as a positive or a
negative and I used to always find a
negative reason it's the same with
anything like I even have it sometimes
now where I'll put an outfit on I look
at myself in the mirror and think how do
I the first thing is always trying to
find those negatives like trying to find
is naked I don't know why that is why we
do that as humans but that's what I do
and it took a long time to stop thinking
about those as much as you can you still
still do think that is because like that
I think it's human instinct but think
more about the positive so put something
on how you look in the mirror and think
yourself like I look good today like
there's nothing wrong with giving
yourself that bit of fun that's rather
than thinking for like I feel not that
comfortable in what I'm wearing or I
don't feel I know that good my hair
isn't that good or they just think look
at everything you know I'm good like I'm
great this shirt I look sick in
the show I'm rocking these pants like
the issues they're my issues I love them
or go straight to the positives and if
you kind of set yourself off with that
then the negatives kind of no one cares
about negative and the other thing is
sorry this is gonna be very related
things I'm going to tell you this now a
lot of the time when you're think about
these negatives that you're going to
think or everyone's going to be thinking
about the natives or the things that you
think are wrong no one even thinks about
them no one has includes like if you're
thinking all I haven't cut my hair in a
while or I need to color my hair these
are bad examples no one I'm showing out
no one is thinking that they're not
looking at you thinking all you need to
cut your hair and they're not judging
you by them and if they are don't hang
around with
because you don't want her around people
that try and bring you down so I think I
conference covers so many different
topics because a lot of people say to me
or expect me to be a really competent
person because I make youtube videos and
when I'm sat here I'm like yeah the AIA
and I probably seem like I'm quite
confident about talking quite as
confident talking about certain topics
and subjects doing stupid things and it
makes me mad
but behind that kind of wall I'm
actually quite insecure and I don't have
much confidence so I tend to put on this
kind of bit of a front because that's
how I feel to get over this so for
example when it comes to going to events
and stuff I hate literally hate going to
something where I'm going to be on my
own I don't know the work that maybe
it's social anxiety or something that
but take example I was going to the Brit
Awards the other day and I was meant for
young Jim Mitchum going together and Jim
can go so I ended up going on my own and
I've never been to the British before
obvious it was a really cool experience
a lot on the table was going with a cool
brand and I was terrified like the whole
day I was thinking I'm so nervous I'm so
nervous don't want to go that one go I'm
so bad at talking to people and I don't
know anyone and it can be really clicks
tea when everyone's there and the whole
day I was so stressed and panic about
going I was with Matt working at home
and he could even tell he's like a ukd
stress I was like yeah I'm going to
thing I feel really awkward over know
what to do and that's something that I
try and deal with going to these things
alone and I did so inste bricks went
alone and it was it was great like the
British was amazing it was really cool
experience but I still had this inside
panicking the whole time I thought I
don't know no I'm upset on a table with
people and the person's thanking you
everyone and they all chatting I was
just sat there on my own like I'm not a
good small talk I'm not good at creating
conversation so that's something that I
I struggle with but what's weird is when
it with someone I know as soon as I'm
with a person I know whether that's
friends or staff is like with anyone
that goes away that doesn't do anything
I would I would that's why when it comes
to vlog in if I'm with someone I would
do anything anything in public I'll vlog
down the road I'll do stupid thing for
my own get too scared
and I don't know why it is because I
think it goes back to what I said
getting of the negative positives name
just having constant negatives in your
head thinking oh what's this person
thinking me or what are they going to
think if I'm walking down the street
holding a camera and then they're going
to look at me and think part of this boy
is really funny and what's he doing
filming and stuff then really that
doesn't that doesn't matter I should be
thinking that person even if they are
looking at me
therefore we thing in oh yeah what is
she doing but they don't care I'm never
going to see that person again in my
life so it doesn't matter what they
think yeah I said this video is going to
be all over the place in terms of
compound life is awful in terms of
constants and self-esteem and I think
with young people in terms of building
self competence you need to build a
foundation on something that you do have
confidence in so every one every one of
you should be confident about something
in your life whether that is confident
in a relationship confident in a hobby
confident in your fashion your music
choice something that gives you
confidence you should all have that or
fight or try and find that find that
once you have that then you should focus
on why you're confident about that why
does it make you feel good why are you
comes in that like cage example when I
was younger I was I played a lot of
basketball so I was good at basketball
so when it came to like sports and doing
sports I was confident because I knew I
could play it and that was something I
had built and probably learned like I
learned competence in myself and in my
ability to be good in that and then I
knew that I could transfer those skills
into other things and through sports at
school
that's something I was always confident
it but that's because I found that thing
when I was younger I tried to save you
if you can find something that or you
have something then try and take that
and use that in other areas because that
will help build your confidence in other
things yeah I mean the one thing you
don't well as I say is you don't want to
become as overconfident nothing wrong
with confidence of course it's greater
confidence then if you become people
- condoms often come across as cocky
arrogant and I mean I'm sure if you are
struggling in confidence you're not
going to go to super confidence but just
little things like I said throughout the
video don't don't compare yourself I
think that in this generation is such
like you're your own person don't try
and be like someone else be confident in
who you are some people say oh you
shouldn't change your hair to do this
but some people make will feel so much
better after getting a haircut or after
doing something that they're thinking
about for a long time and they're not
sure about it and then they go and do it
and then they feel great for it that is
confident being able to do something you
want to do and not caring about what
other people think or worrying how
you'll look or not to me is something
that is built for confidence so I'm
grounding on so much about random stuff
it but the main things I wanted to get
across was don't compare yourself to
other things and don't focus on
negatives from other people just focus
on yourself and reinforcing those
positive things about you maybe this has
helped maybe it hasn't helped maybe
you've learned something maybe haven't
learned something it's just me chatting
about a topic and my opinions and I'd
like to open it up and do more of this
so if you would like me to talk about
certain topic or you have things that
you would like me to cover try and cover
then leave your suggestions in the
comments and I'll read through those and
pick a topic from that so yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed the video give a thumbs
up if you would like more of this stuff
and actually tomorrow moving on good bye
bye overbite place bye
be confident
