live in a vida loca hello beautiful sexy
people
today's video is weird to be honest
we're look we're going to be looking at
some of the most dangerous slides in the
world that you can slide your body down
in the wet water and get wet and feel
like you're going to die Oh oh cool
intro I would like to know if I've been
on some of these be honest because I've
been on quite a few slides I think a
dangerous round-the-world what being on
Blizzard beaches I've been on one in
Dubai being in one Australia oh my god I
went on one in Australia where you start
stepping into this capsule you've stood
on top of a platform you step into this
capsule and this thing's this plastic
capsule goes around the top and closes
on your suit stood on this thing with it
and you're four in a row and goes
through cool one and the platform slides
open many of your feet and you drop into
a tile that was messed up anyway well no
look shall we
anyone wanting an update on my twittg I
by the way still got it is better it's
better but I still have it every day at
some point throughout the day I'm hoping
was my hair so this is the longest time
I'm sleeping out here like I'm getting
seven or eight hours every night
consistently which is more than I've had
in the last few months consistently I
think that's going to help so it kept to
those you I know I know when it's like
this video you like Marcus pager to it
GOI so just like that you know number 10
equally absolutely this is what is
called a koala so I've been on where
single riders are drop down a
near-vertical slide and into an inclined
loop that's it but the ride is launched
from a 17 meter or 56 foot platform look
at that and a single rider is loaded
into a launch chamber where they stand
with their hands across their chest that
is scary mate I'm telling you that is
scary
yes literature would you do that
oh you're there you go creamy I thought
your pain I felt your pain and yeah the
slide doesn't upside down there's a
brainwash so brainwash is located at wet
and wild water park in Florida which
puts multiple users in one raft
okay can we just look at that kid while
you burn a - you like that
like that I don't wanna be a dad no I
just don't wanna miss hello darkness my
old friend danger lies in being thrown
about and possibly getting chucked out
of the rafter it I've been on this
oh I like to look at that that's pretty
cool doesn't really that dangerous
so tomorrow scar is located at Wild Wadi
water park at Dubai I've been on that
and it's the tallest and fastest free
full waterslide outside of North and
South America yes I mean unless ride is
reaching speeds of up to 80 kilometers
an hour or 50 miles an hour
you know what's the most painful thing
right when you're on these when you're
on these slides is 8 kilometers the fast
right for a boy was for a girl when it
comes to the halt when you come into the
slow bit so the slide comes down in you
don't go flat you're going so fast this
so much water that this water shoots up
your arse and if you weren't swimming
short literally you have the most
uncomfortable wedgie I genuinely think
I've had blood from my bum from being on
these slides because it's just brutal
maybe a bit too much info
that's it there that bit there that's
sliding there is that what cost
number six summit plummet I've been on
Summit comments overall it reaches a
pretty crazy 120c and speeds of up to 60
miles an hour are we nice when I was
like 12 shut myself right when I first
went to Bisbee see there they've got the
little snow bit that Peaks off if you've
been to the beach on Nome a real picture
here when you look at the slide from my
distance you've got the slide but it
looks like this like bit of snow is
stuck there and it shoots up near I
thought that when we first went there
that you went down the slide and threw
off the end of that there and my dad
went along with the joke and I literally
shot myself so if you've never been to
the beach don't think that yeah that
bitch you lie down your legs go over
first and your head comes in you're like
oh ho this bit look here is
wedgie
look it's wedgie did you see that right
so leap of faith is located at Atlantis
Paradise Island in the Bahamas drops
riders 60 feet from the top of an
incredibly realistic looking on Mayan
temple environment huh business in Dubai
and that that's not even it guys you
actually drop into a shark field Lagoon
that's in Dubai that is issued by I've
been on that in Dubai with sharks
I think he got that wrong that is a
hundred percent to buy yeah and then
around you as the shot yeah may go that
wrong sorry I mean there might there may
well be one there too but that dies to
buy well we have the Scorpions tail
located that Noah's Ark waterpark in
Wisconsin in the USA definitely one of
the scariest water slides and it
definitely not for the faint hide trust
me
whoa that looks very high the scorpions
tail puts you 10 stories high
oh yo can we just appreciate our guy
sunglasses the Eagles a 400 foot
long slide vomiting down are more than
50 feet per second 50 feet per second
the thing these things happen are you
cue in these in the summer you queue for
so long to get on those and then it's
over like that
number three sky caliber action park in
New Jersey 20-foot tall waterslide glass
not real features a 45 foot freefall
leading into a 30-foot full vertical
loop that's not real by including the
rider inside an aluminum alloy framed
capsule homey real the brute is located
up Schlitterbahn in Kansas City and at
168 feet and 7 inches the slide
surpassed Kilimanjaro to my Joel
Kinnaman oh there's fast oh it does make
me feel funny though about falling out
don't like that cannonball loop and this
was a ride at action park in New Jersey
was a ride action park was responsible
for a staggering amount of injuries and
even several confirmed death oh cool
water slide that put riders through a
literal complete vertical loop that just
looks wrong according to report the
slide was open for all of one month and
in summer of 1985 before multiple
injuries sorry shut down by the New
Jersey carnival amusement ride Safety
Advisory Board the amount of elam US has
gone upside down you fool and break your
faith
we were just don't know coming down who
is going on now I'm sorry there we go
that is some dangerous waterslide I'm
quite happy I think how many did I go on
three or four out of those so impressive
I would never have gone on that last one
night I'm just sorry it just is a recipe
for disaster are you guys have you guys
been on those side a UTI Ward's I check
out water park
are there any slides that you've been on
that you think should have been on that
maybe maybe not let me know anyway give
it a thumbs up I'll see tomorrow goodbye
