well hello there everybody and welcome
to lower your expectation if you were to
get married and you're still youtubing
still youtube for doing the videos
you're doing now would you vlog that the
wedding no definitely not
no little saikhan with that here because
you have a lot of friends who are
youtubers who I imagine would be there
would you let them film anything like
you know snapchat in jail or even
vlogging Doc questions there because I
was question birthing I wouldn't vlog it
just because for me it's like I'm
getting married that's gonna be one of
the most special days of your life one
of the most personal days of your life I
don't I wouldn't want to share that with
many people you and want to do the fun
now as you're about to put the ring on I
was like sell the story - hello they
speak to you through a let's see if I'm
struggling yeah and also it's the whole
like sharing your relationship with
people how much do you share my
relationship now I don't share that much
I'm not doing like loading up video
looking on a daily vlogging so it's like
I like to keep aspects of that private
and personal do you think the fans would
be disappointed with your not vlogging
it or doing a video on it
I know I don't things I think they'd
respect it like the only way I say is
think of it the other way like think of
putting yourself in that position of
getting married things that you you're
getting married yeah how would you like
could you imagine you filming it
yourself and then putting out a couple
million people not to it's just an
interesting thing because I feel like
depending on the youtuber you are you're
expected to share these kind of moments
yeah yeah so for you is that the same of
like if you had kids would you plug them
was that a dinner party designation
that's an entire different thing like
I'm not a daily vlogger so oh yes yes
true I don't think like so you would
never go back to II bugging them well I
don't know I'm not going to say never
like Casey thought he was doing that
didn't even he's like yeah no oh no I
miss it now mr. Vieau it definitely
misses you yeah you can't say never who
knows maybe I was think about daily
vlogging the other day I are like there
are aspects of it I miss what do you
miss about it when your daily vlog you
have a memory of that day so if you've
done had an incredible day you have got
something to look back at a later stage
of your life and you can always reflect
on
and if you've shared that with friends
with partners whatever you can think are
that was like this nice time and we did
this or something like that at the same
time there's obviously loads of
drawbacks to that but with the children
thing I think it's but I wouldn't think
all I'm never gonna Instagram my child
or things like that yeah but who knows
on a business if it's organic and
natural and in that moment yeah actually
it's fine yeah I mean I would never like
want to use my yes when you see is abuse
well there we go that runs up this
episode of low your expectations I
please rate us five star share it around
how everyone uses to it leave us a
review so we can read through and we
will see you next week with another
episode goodbye bye
