hi hi welcome back to the channel I'm
post a video in a while anyway I thought
I'd come back with an absolute bang uh
huh and that is copying a popular video
that's already out there
my girlfriend buys my ace of outfits
whole thing we've done in three outfits
right we decided to do a meeting going
out and traveling yeah there's three
outfits I've also bought Steffi clothes
as well which we're gonna do another
video another day okay first one's gonna
be the travel outfit yeah to be honest
tents look very small do you that I
honestly thought okay that what sizes
you get I think extra large but they
look very like short but Leslie I
actually haven't watched anyone else's
video on this so I've just seen the
title and the views and I don't know how
they do them so wait okay let's do this
okay let's show you so those are your
pens
oh they're Nike they don't look too
small they look really nice yeah if
anything I think a bit big or like that
very short white blank t-shirt okay see
with some white trainers oh okay pens
fast oh very big the off-white Fox one
purchase they were but I think you
should put the pants in the off-white
dogs like any bit oh yeah yeah I should
have sent by the way this whole thing
was not done with shoes and socks so we
got to choose each other shoes from what
we already own stylist love the color
yeah love it long t-shirt as well yeah
needed you know what
and then your white trainers which are
here change the look number one I'm
feeling this looks a lot outfit check yo
yo yo so what do you think I mean I
can't see it probably I'm very happy and
it's very you I'd say we're in similar
colors now I'm wearing grey what's this
blue you don't color water light blue
yeah it's like it looks great I love
that I honestly love this that's very
nice
love the pants nice material - so do you
say you have to give me your rating but
like a fair rating yeah that's true okay
I would rate this honestly
I'd say I'd give this a 10 - yeah I like
everything about it I love the colors I
love them I needed a new long white
t-shirt is the right fit it's something
I'd go for so you smashed it very very
well next outfit so I'm gonna stay here
it was this your favorite outfit you
chose yeah okay
so eyes closed actually I need this
white top again okay meet this white
t-shirt again and then you'll open your
eyes okay so you really hope they're
fitting black Levi's oh they're like
straight cuts oh I think they will be
cool oh cool
what do you say what sizing cuz we were
like let's don't say any sizes yeah yeah
we did we did nothing so I shouldn't
yeah I should have said that when we did
this we were both sunny shoe size and
any clothes sighs Jean sighs we were
just sat on one sofa like I was sat
taking this over to Stephanie on the
other so yeah
sighs in 32 waist fits I usually go for
30 leg because even though I'm tall have
short legs we can roll them in thirty
twos right it's usually right yeah but
we'll find out won't they find out I've
been eating few too many carbs and then
this white t-shirt no this cool bands
hoodie just look all right
don't you see it oh cool like that and
then oh hello get the black fur out
what's up Drake let's see how it will
look like I have a good feeling
okay okay okay cool let's do this so
this is my going-out look you're going
out like go clubbing I'm going out for a
night on the town Berlin and back I'm
nothing we've been ever there
like just like this it's amazing
hey yo man they drink what up I feel
like a boss do you imagine you're coming
into the club like this and then you
take off your jacket and you look hot
and I think those pens fit you very well
okay
I really love that I love it I love this
outfit to be honest I think you should
keep it
especially the pants I know I know it's
hard for you to find pens and they fit
you amazing you are killing this video
so far that's good this outfit I'm also
gonna give it me the 10 shall keep the
jumper as well yeah it's quite cool
isn't that cool
love the white top the only thing with
these jumpers are you know when it's
like that's gonna leave I mean that's
not your fault but it is gonna leave
fluff everywhere so I'm gonna read this
I'm also getting of this attempt really
yeah I like it I like it
you're killing it so far okay last
outfit gonna be a bit more not really
smart but a bit more like classy just a
tiny bit more because it is about a
meeting so you're meeting someone your
business of the trip I feel like you've
literally killed my looks though like
you've chosen exactly what I would
choose
so far very nervous for you oh no really
so closing lines again it is not a lot
okay you can open your eyes it's a great
Dean yeah mm-hmm wear a sweater with the
sweater which is gray and black and I
think it will keep you warm and it looks
cute cute cool and I like gray on you
really like right on you and the grey
pants I hope they
you and I have a code for this but in
the Internet the colors looked better
together a much more if I will give you
the code you have a code I have a wow
you've heard it you got so much more
stuff than me I didn't get codes
very cool I love the jeans you have to
keep the jeans okay jeans down there
okay good looking good we just want to
hide the t-shirts because it doesn't
belong to the outfit and then maybe what
I was thinking okay so this is the same
code as before
I don't like to code to it no no code
yeah I like it okay like in the t-shirt
does not belong to it I would rape this
outfit it's hard time what a mere Adonis
I can't Felicity I would rate this
outfit a even eight or nine out of ten
okay and why you don't like a jumper I
like it I don't usually wear this man
well it's not really winter yet what is
now but I haven't really worn many of
these yet so I need to start wearing
them again love the trousers love the
boots with that don't like the coat yeah
I told you the coat is just fun but it's
out I I think I like it yeah yeah cool
so I'm going eight point five out of ten
okay yeah yeah meeting traveling going
out there three outfits I'd like you
guys to reap them from me best to worst
also you have to rate Steffi out of ten
how well she's done on this challenge
out of ten leave your comments below
leave out this code kids this coat
looked gray it looked gray in the
internet still partly outfit I have also
bought Stephanie's outfits from ASOS so
that will be coming at some point on the
channel but I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you did give it thumbs up and
I'll see you guys sometime on this
channel sometime
sometimes I don't have one whatever oh
yeah
Buffy like to keep them waiting I would
not give him a thumbs up
he deserves a thumbs up give me your
thumbs well cute boy that's it that's it
I will see you guys soon goodbye
