would you guys be freaked out if I was
to do videos this close below my eyes
look very nice in this light happy of
that Disney Oh Pixar Oh conspiracy
theories
sound fun there's I mean we've done some
conspiracy theory videos here before
never gone that much into it though but
today we're going to be looking at some
Pixar movies that really make you think
about detail and the conspiracy theories
that sit beneath them and I mean we
can't say Disney rikes Disney owns
picture I don't they bought pics alright
but I think there's a thing yes the 13
theories about Pixar movies that will
really make you think Nemo actually died
with his mum so Finding Nemo is about
Marlin going through the stages of grief
so right at the beginning when his mom
died and those the other eggs
you're saying that Nemo died and yeah
yeah I mean that could have happened
so Finding Nemo is about Marlin going
through the stages of grief but then
how's the ending or is he like seeing or
Nemo means no man in Latin and each
encounter he has throughout the movie
represents the stage of grief in order
denial anger bargaining despair and
acceptance
yo that's weird actually to think I mean
I don't
why would there's no reason for them to
do that but I can imagine yeah Nemo died
in the VA name it's like yes Lazarus but
pass or am I like finding Nemo too much
I like finding dory so sorry
bing-bong from inside out was actually a
monster who worked at monster then he
was assigned to write his room to make
her laugh so the city could collect
energy but Ryder got so console with him
that she treated him as an imaginary
friend
I love monsters inc have I seen inside
out don't think the team inside out
that's awkward
what do you guys think about number 2
boo from monsters inc group are humans
Nick grew up to be the witch from brave
I mean that plucking at straws there
isn't that I've seen both they film
she grew up missing Kitty so much that
she devotes the rest of her life to
finding him and she did so using the
doors and ones I think a carving of
Sulley also appears in the background of
brave all that's where feeling the idea
that the witch knows
who he is that's actually really weird
that is definitely Sully in brave on the
wall oh my god
wait that's freaking me out a bit
because that's her that is her I
actually believe that ah this is weird
you Disney films you don't think about
these kind of things in Toy Story and
these parents are going through a
divorce this series been around for a
while but makes sense we never see his
that he's not in any family photos
around house and his mom never wears a
wedding ring why is that like relaf I
don't under I mean yeah they're moving
how yeah I'm trying to think I've caught
hunting Twitter in awhile like a little
party with his friends around and they
move house DS does she ever mentioned
the dad maybe she doesn't mention that
okay even so like is that relevant like
why does it matter if it's dad's not
shown can a family not be shown with a
single mum like what yeah I'm seeing
Twitter recently so I'm not sure but why
who cares basically or number five or
his dad is dead and he very attached to
his two boys both strong males which
seem to represent the missing father
figure in his life again he okay dad's
not there so get on with it that's life
people go through situations like that
people have experiences like that
doesn't we'll have to be a happy family
because it's Disney number six the tree
wali guys channel is really bad I have
never seen wall-e and I really want to
see it I don't know I have no excuse for
Aventine I just haven't seen it lazy
I'm sorry so the tree wall-e and Eve
plants grow to be the one and a bug's
life I've seen bugs like what do you
guys think about number sake can't wait
to read your comments on number two
number six so far Sully was killed in
Monster ding and turned into a toilet
seat cover a Monsters Inc Randall says I
had human skin monsters and make toilet
seat covers out the VESA
and anna pixar short partysaurus Rex
look at the toilet seat cover yeah you
know what
yes that is freaky yeah I agree with
that although they detain colors as
Sulley I don't think necessarily colors
I do agree it could be a toilet from a
dead
monster but it's not Sully a bug's life
takes place way in the future
Carmen the bug's life I used to love it
and no humans appear in the movie
because not a lot of people are left
their society is also developed that
they have bars clothing and can speak
proven that they learn a thing or two
from humans came from oh my god
could you imagine that if that's around
like a thousand years nah sorry quite
like the idea to imagine and some bugs
develop the ability to speak and learn
from us but like we're too clever
sorry we're too clever to just disappear
like that unless we're gonna blow up
from an asteroid in Planet which could
happen solid they like Toy Story don't
know the girl who abandons Jessie in Toy
Story 2 actually grows up to be Andy's
mum first of all the Hat anyways in the
first Toy Story isn't based on Woody's
is based on Jessie's but is missing its
white ribbon suggesting it's an older
hat possibly given to him by his mom we
also don't own these mums names so it's
very possible they're the same person is
that I mean yeah there's not enough
proof there for me to believe it but
yeah I like the theory potentially every
single Pixar movie is interconnected
starting with good dinosaur to inside
out someone something all Pixar movies
take place in the same universe just not
at the same time this helps us clean
quite a few details that just seemed
like random Easter eggs small character
crossovers and well you can check out
the rest here it will make sense
I like the idea there's a Pixar world
you know their own globe everything's
going on different characters are living
in there and we're just seeing their
stories and what they're up to I want to
believe that I'm going to believe that
and there we go I would love to know
your feedback on the ones that I haven't
seen or what you think about the rest of
them do you do agree with some things I
said or maybe you have your own opinion
let me know in the comment and I will
see you guys tomorrow with another video
all right love you look there
