yeah yeah should I go a bit lighter is
that too light
I don't know natural right I told you
disguised I told you this guys I told
you guys this might happen
I said so nice the weather in LA I want
to live here I really want to live here
just the Sun makes you happy and England
doesn't get much Sun anyway what's going
on today we are going to be looking and
probably laughing at news fails
now finally is the funniest because the
news is obviously always so serious and
they seem to not really have a sense of
humor and then if something happens is
how they hold it together or sometimes
they just crack and all these serious
people are in suits and like never you
never see laughing or something like Oh
bollocks
oh let's say I don't know was going
to be a first one ah I've seen this but
I've only watched it once I just want to
watch again 23 million views there we go
scandals happen all the time the
question is how the democracies fine
about scandal I love this so much you
guys must have seen this and what will
it mean for for the wider region I mean
shift is shifting shifting sands in the
region to the relations with the north
matric he slid she like buck off like I
would be surprised they do you know like
when the second one comes in in that
little car is amazing that I'm burning
what I'd love to know is if he can see
it if when he saw in the mirror he saw
them coming in he's like four huts legs
I'd say please don't come please I can't
yeah yeah I'm just gonna have to push
you away little I what I love is I was
how brutal let's rewind that she just
grabs her by the arm look and and
actually do you have it books go flying
kids gay plastic for the region and my
hobby not litter I can see from a movie
fine I mean at least he laughed a bit
and he's still like I'm sorry oh you can
see when he did it blink then he's
really a hawk can you just please can
you not see I'm working
North Korea North and South Korea's
policy choice finally have been severely
limited I mean you just you couldn't you
can get anything Vienna what I love as
well is how we just go straight back
into it just normally I love things a
guy go in my case of mistaken identity
on live TV on I this can be so well guy
CUNY is the editor of the technology
website news wireless hello good morning
to you
well oh my god that is sudden when he
thinks he's there was something I love
the chief had to Sarah he's like a
duck that isn't me but Ron and said I
think he just goes along with it good
morning were you surprised by this a
verdict today I'm very surprised to see
is the verdict to come on me because I
was like setting that so a big surprise
anyway a big surprise another day do you
think now more people will be
downloading online actually if you can
go everywhere even even I see lots of
people downloading to the internet Jesus
that like when you have revised for an
exam ago he and Ron Blitzer and he's
absolutely done that the way the music
industry is progressing now that people
want to go onto the website and download
music exactly what an answer
Thanks
any thanks very much indeed I think we
can er I was about to say he must have
got the job after that all of that and
he doesn't get the job come on
that's really funny BBC news weather and
loses it live on air but somehow makes
it through we'll leave you with a look
at me whether I think I'll get those
details from polish Africa we're going
to lose his screen now looks pretty
misty and murky there in them in Oh
Edinburgh Thank You gallery oh dear
yeah here's the weekend headliner so
staying dry is amazing it's amazing
what's so funny I would love to know
what happened in his ear ah they do get
in trouble for that but is that
something when he finishes his bosses I
made wot dot rick yune how have you just
done but then they posted that which the
fact that they folks that are kind of
like they're normal people at the end of
that everyone makes mistakes everything
is just beautiful you fail
no BBC news chain is an absolute gin God
knows they're not once up there all
those all good
also all good
when sorry about this technical problem
sunday is a defining moment for
Afghanistan's future come back to our
weather time in packing up so that all
are out of the country did not realize
or so on our guys are going on air and
three two oh you know in your seat Oh
stretch of eight go for a mate walk in
ten minutes late fine she's great
lady fools yes buckets are still with
grapes what kind of great these are
filled with chambers in great on
international food having wine Jordan
she's dumping in the great then your
tours seminars that's a that's a high
fall as well is it going to be left to
right emotion love fish she sounds like
a cat that's been trod on
oh I can't breathe can't breathe no oh
look she's actually hurt no I think she
is actually her she took a hard fall off
there well sure I mean I hope he's okay
too but like who fools god bless I hope
you're right up there we go that is some
funny news fails I found this funny I'm
sure most you enjoy things like that and
find it funny to you because it's just
funny seeing people fail in serious
scenarios not fail like life's pages
just little mess-ups beer give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow with another one
baby
