hello beautiful sexy people hi how you
doing
I've got a bit of a tan now or you can't
really see because it's so bright but a
little bit of a tan now I haven't really
even been in the Sun it's just like when
having lunch and just wandering around
you're just in the Sun in LA there's Sun
every day which makes me happy when it
rains everyone freaks out Leah rain -
the other day unlike this house had a
flippin leak in the roof because they
now have rain so I don't know why I mean
you know how their house is built
different anything I don't know today we
are going to be looking at one direction
yeah one direction are who remembers 1d
uh yeah well they're not together
anymore
don't kill me they might come back
together I can't I don't know them
personally I don't know the ins and outs
oh don't know if it's that she can
happen but what we're doing today is
we're going to look at their songs most
of them have now released individual
songs and we're going to listen to them
we're going to compare them we give our
like to use better so let's do it in
auditory so the first person to release
stuff with Zayn then obviously left
abandoned doll RR and I thought you know
fair enough it's actually quite cool
what he's done and then he released his
first song and was just like haha this
is amazing
you also know the old pillow store and
yes I should point out that until we did
that lyric video I didn't know the
person there okay yeah yeah yeah I'm a
massive fan yeah yeah love the song but
I just didn't know the first lyric I
don't know lyrics too many songs I know
like how it goes I don't know if it's in
there
I came out of music Kildare Oh wheels
r/c I still don't know a bit it's like
cloudmom though we'll go slow and
harrybo voice beautiful
I mean I think same as a first song
right you can't really smash it more
than that the video him and Gigi like
everyone was just like oh my god that is
so good and they went on to smash it
absolutely killed it
that was a mingle from splitting away
from the band and I raised it a lot I
raised it a lot I think a lot of people
relay Ana relate it I think a lot of
people rate it and I think that he is
going in a direction where he wanted to
showcase his talent that he might have
been able to monsters in one day and I
think he has killed it then I believe it
was Neil Neil Niall
the old Niall Horan with this town have
a listen this I don't really know the
song I pillow talk like and Zayn in
general I'm a big fan of also go back to
name not only of his music but he how he
changed his style he's got really
fashionable now he's just trend it's
just cool isn't he's edgy cool he's got
good boys got good music and a good
fashion sense
Niall got the old guitar picking up kiss
you know yesterday I thought a side
shadow ah funny odd things never change
in this sorcerer now we're actually on
like videos I mean let's just have a
quick little look at the end the little
700 million views they absolutely
smashed that I think it's just a cool
video in general like the graphics
this is cool we'll go seven Hampton
Catera go this has silver in this video
seeing the pleasure nobody deal buddy
buddy buddy good oh yes
when I dyed my hair grey obviously it's
blond like white blond now when I did it
gray I used like I think he's picture of
zayna's well it's not really that great
there is that so well professor neighbor
yes cool video alright on to the old
niall horan no sound live on my one take
I am 35 million views obviously still
ahead of a lot of views not quite as
many as name but hey you still the time
you've got some time to catch up
Court in Hollywood California is where I
am right now and nobody said smell of
your perfume still stuck in me here song
but when I knew no I was going to go
solo this is what I expect like nyle
Chilean movies heart like that if he
went out into some carnby or hip-hop I'd
be like that's not you yesterday I
thought I saw you shadow running now
funny yeah things never change in his
soul town - it's a nice song
it's nice it's not vain and I want to
tell you everything the words I never
got to see the first time around
yes this is nice song over nobody horny
- everything comes back to you be
interesting what the rest of his stuff
that I don't think he's really saying
since and that was I feel a while ago
now oh my god that was why he's not
dropped anything something must have I
have them I didn't know I don't want to
tell you everything word I never got to
see the birds down around yeah and I'm
not making this videos like yeah Oh
Zoomer and I cause B so I'm not
interested in that also if I if I am
offended you I'm sorry but it's just an
opinion my opinion still make me nervous
can you like you know him butterflies
become a lovely now this do you
so yeah it's nice I think for me Zayn is
I much prefer names first song basically
then who Louie
mr. old Tomlinson Louie Tomlinson then
Louie dropped his song and I think he
sung it first live on x-factor with
Steve Aoki which was very emotional
performance because his moment just
passed away and it was of course like I
think the song was for his mom and
fellow and I watched that and I was like
yo this is straight-up
brave from him and to to know just felt
sorry for the guy but that things I
heard it live on so is like life I
didn't hear the radio version so it's a
radio version I definitely have
so things will place like that do not
remember it starting like this yes
shattered it's my plate
this sounds like currentness sounds
chart it sounds poppy Oh goes wrong yes
we're coming into the drop Steve Aoki's
Asamoah theorem lab few times
it's a chart pop song like house key
song it will be interesting to see where
he goes from there like will he do
become like more collaborative like
working with DJs and be one of the
singers that just has cool vocals on
DJ's tracks or will he get into his own
things like I don't know as a song
I prefer that denials just because
that's more I'm still I'm still putting
Zayn above like Zane for me is still top
and then Louise and Niall that's the
current order so you're one left we all
miss the Styles mr. Harry Styles
everybody Harry Styles as a good old
Harry now so like this Harry is when he
was in one day he was the biggest was me
he just he was he was most popular
everyone's our favorite which I kind of
feel would have more pressure for him
when he's coming to do his solo stuff
because so many more people are
expecting a bit more of him I feel boy
before we go into this I'm very excited
to see how he's acting though when he's
in Dunkirk thinking films called
Christopher Nolan film Christopher Nolan
would not put someone in in their film
if they can't act so I'm excited to see
maps I think you'll be pretty decent
actor and that's really really really
cool these doing that and then you
release the song literally the other day
and adolescent I was out listening
because it blew up it's on the radio
thing but I 7 listen together
is this just a hilarious video I know
this is just the audio yes stop your
crying it's the same every time
I love to start the song welcome to the
final show hope you wearing your best
clothes his voice sounds like on points
as well
still I really like this one go here I
just know the middle of the song of it
it comes in a bit more powerful doesn't
matter
we gotta get away from
get away
I'd really react it I just thought it
was a little bit long the song and yeah
why I like about Harry is he could have
come out with something generic and
poppy that would have smashed it of
course but I hadn't done that tool and
he's done saying that you really want to
do and I think it's amazing that he's
done that and it wasn't obvious no one
was kind of expecting that to be
released from him and the fact that he
has and it's a really nice song it's
really good
ain't cool and I'm really excited to see
the rest of his stuff to be honest his
voice is amazing on the track you can
everyone knew you could sing but I don't
think people knew you could sing that
well so I think that's really showcasing
that for me I still prefer pillow-talk
as the first song so for me it's going
pillow-talk neck insane Harry Louis
Niall Liam who hasn't done anything yet
is Liam doing stuff I think he signed
the deal so we can expect upcoming
what's your guys thoughts on all of this
obviously within one direction I know
someone be fun to watch these videos so
it's probably be like Barker sure it's
just an opinion on music that's what I'm
saying but what's your guys opinions on
the songs who's your favorite song why
is it your favorite song what do you
think Liam's just going to be like all
that kind stuff so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video give a thumbs up if
you did not eat tomorrow another one
goodbye
