hello they're built on slavery people
will just so watch me if I smoke like
them from you energy let's talk about
that whoo Dada Dada yeah positivity come
out this channel no we're gonna find out
how normal my opinions arm deaf deaf
scares me like the idea of the thought
that freaks me out a little bit not not
going to lie the idea does scare me it
does more like not in the sense what
happens after death I think that's kind
of whatever but just the thought of it
or losing people around me because of
death that is a big fear so yeah happy
video today well there we go
straight straight up straight up
straight some question are you afraid of
death well yes
do ye fifty forty seven percent of
people like now let's go there I don't
believe that I'm sorry I don't believe
before the for example centers had not
really picture someone holding a gun to
your head and you're about to die
tell me you're not together that exactly
what do you want done with your body
when honest is so the coffin graveyard
thing cremate me and sketch me somewhere
cool cremate me and keep mashes or that
I'm sorry
keeping the ashes on the fireplace thing
that makes me feel weird
I've never done that you've we've always
seen it in films and stuff but like I
would just freak out like if there's a
dead person on that show who knows some
of these plots in this house my fascism
but maybe it's not then I don't know
people who do that maybe it's an
American thing I don't know do you guys
do that if you do I don't want to offend
you I'm sorry if I've offended you but
the thought of just your dead relative
there is just sending shivers human
taxidermy what's that
turn me into one of those trees oh yeah
you must taxidermy and
my delay means are you so sad want to be
buried but that automates the weird just
like putting a dead body into the ground
you just like see ya what if it rots
like imagine all the bugs that will eat
that body and I'm sorry I probably say
cremate me and scatter me somewhere cool
but it's them okay cool I mean for only
four percent said the fireplace then
that's just odd what about some
alternative burial shit I want to be
freeze-dried to sold and then turned
into calm I want to be mummified yeah I
want my remains that's cool that is cool
showing to space all my body cannot
regenerate cryogenically frozen and
preserved just in case there's a chance
they figure out how to revive me at
later date that is what I'm going for
that is the answer
44% imagine that it frees me or whatever
the hell they're talking about and then
in 100 years they're like yo we can
revive dead people and I'm like boom
frozen unfreeze me I'm alive
what's up great-great-grandchildren boon
back in your life after life yes or no
logically know what I believe in though
yes
68% 6k presented yet that's impressive
what kind of afterlife are we talking
about though okay most of you what do
you think happens up here we go there's
two things like wow literally nothing in
heaven how reincarnation or some version
of it you continue living in a different
dimension something else entirely doubt
I'll explain and comment logically
literally nothing heaven and hell not
for me
reincarnation or some version of it
possibly or you can live in a different
dimension that's what I want to believe
so 30% said heaven or hell 22 literally
nothing that's logically I would say
that like if I was being boring I would
say that are you getting the
heebie-jeebies by reading this post no
I'm okay would you rather know how
you're gonna die but not when or when
you're gonna die but not how Oh May
that's weird
no oh that's horrible I would rather
know when I'm gonna die but not how
because then at least if it's like
you're going to know
you're gonna die but not when they can
be I could die I could die tomorrow
this is horrible I don't either so when
when but not how Bosch I didn't even
know that was an answer I stepping a
little on I don't know want to know what
little I definitely would have gone with
I don't want to know do you believe in
ghosts
well if you guys are into the podcast if
you haven't links down there lower your
expectations check it out free go enjoy
it yes
you know heck yeah I love spirits and
shit if you are zsd above question would
you have sex with a good I mean that's
just that once obviously stupid you
can't bang a ghost any good one fuck
yeah give me kinky gosh set yeah I mean
if you could it would be like cool
that's saying off the bucket list
what is the ghost you are thinking about
having sex with was not fully formed
person goes more like a blog choice as
to where the stones some kind of sexual
fancy quiz or I literally fucked any
ghost right
okay I'm just going to click the second
one how would you rather die eating
quickly by shark swallowed whole by
whale and just die slowly inside its
stomach
that's horrible isn't it but anything if
you're going to I mean it's going to be
painful the shot it's going to be
painful and quick and over and a
horrible way although at least you're
going to go down with an experience you
know you're going to see something that
no one's ever seen before song of the
whale only 12 percent that guy's them
I'm weird okay would you rather be
burned alive or drown fucking horrible
fuck you yeah so I'm say would you
rather live one 1,000 year life or 10
100 year lives oh definitely 10 odd to
know that's weird things like that one
1000 year life you could be you would
have like Gregory
great-great-grandchildren and you would
be the same person throughout literally
a century as a century and millennium
good with words I'm going 1,009 1,010
ever live how cool is that
only 28% agree with me read you wanna
watch your own funeral no like what
who's saying yes that you're weird
you're literally weird do you want to
die after your spouse or before again
that's horrible at the exact same time
while holding hands at the age 103 our
hearts will be in sync they'll remember
I like that I like I'm going with that
that's cute because but that scares me
imagine like how horrible it is when
your partner dies when you've got old
age and now it's rank quality would you
live forever and never ever die
yes I want Liam water on the last person
life why are people that would be cool I
mean yeah weird but like yeah a bit
emotionally draining just a bit but
think alcohol that experience would be
you're boring why question mark oh god I
don't know I think I just described that
anyway well I think I've a lot of the
time I was with the unpopular people on
that quiz but there was a map because
you know what I like to have fun
experiences guys yeah hope you enjoyed
this video on death tomorrow is going to
be a bit more positive hopefully give
you that something we did not see
tomorrow Vern I want to babe above the
plate
