hello hi that's my good point
welcome how's it going to protect people
today's video not ready sure about that
basically can look at the Mary Potter
bloopers random I know but never I've
never seen Harry Potter bloopers that
starts trying to end I mean it's got a
lot of thumbs up those 12 million views
well thumbs up so what I love is how
good the quality is that's my favorite
thing when you're on YouTube and 360p
you just know you're in for a treat
we've a lot of giggling mmm there's
these scenes where we have these kind of
very embarrassing with English taking on
causes whose wreaths wreaths handset
whose sanity right I just need to make a
bit of a I'm what you call it and he's
just Oh perhaps you guys I like Harry
Potter really I gotta love the films
haven't read the book so I wouldn't call
myself like a die-hard fan so don't want
to send anyone in that because I know a
lot of you like Potterheads go frickin
mental because you imagine a fight
between pot the pot of Potterheads and
fandom we got World War three and
they're always the kiss of death for a
nasty I just I know him from nothing
hell Oh Emma what's so funny I just
couldn't keep it together
I literally on the plane out here
watched you know not on the plane what
my talking about on the day before can i
watch Beauty and the Beast so seeing how
there and here is like huh she's so
young they get fined when they take off
they get fined
no nothing is that idea thing
now that cool all right good thanks yeah
what are you doing Emma come on Rupert
you should be laughing at the end you
find out the band's gonna potentially be
your back leg is gonna be killed by
Snape that's not funny is it I can
see Rupert laughing in the mirror I can
see it I can hear just think of it in my
ear
and that set me off and then I said
everyone else and it's so difficult to
get that scene going that's a thing I
mean I haven't been on a film set but
once you get into that mode of last day
is just you know how I trying to
describe it when I've done things myself
with other people you know when you're
in school and you and I may find
something so funny and it's at one of
those scenarios oh you're not meant to
laugh at all and you just you cannot
keep together and you're trying
everything you can to not stop laughing
and not get in trouble the teacher
imagine it like that but in the acting
world has gone Daniel I can't imagine
Daniel having a strong pumpkin hoon
1,000 take one was that sudden where hey
jor-el champagne I rave is he actually a
cig in real life as these mates look in
Harry Potter
I've been there look at the film set
that's so cool
they made him cool didn't they like they
put him on things to make him not taller
because he's not actually that tall I
don't think anyway
is that the wrong parents the Weasley
maybe they're just watching this has
made me want to re-watch Harry Potter
there yeah yeah oh hi guys
you're laughing did you hit me so hard
on it very often this wanted down to
kind of look shot legend Dan really was
not fazed by anything look how young he
is when you lean over make him jump
that's crazy when you think how many
films been on he started such a young
age I always think what if he like just
couldn't really act it's just any
because he's a kid in it looks like
Harry Potter and then who's wrecking the
funniest outlook through it and like the
funnest to be around
it's crazy there look so much older
there what the hell we just got through
it by laughing I don't remember them
kissing
Daniel is no guitar is a I call is about
hunting tripping over getting out as mad
that's all on green-screen that whole
thing I think I'd feel really funny when
you're acting imagine when you're acting
this pretending to use your wands like I
just think it must be such a strange
thing to try and imagine might imagine
the fight scenes vanilla is mmm then
there's just nothing there
there we go I hope it wasn't too random
yeah you guys have probably seen that
before you probably laughter that a lot
and but the only thing that's made me
wonder is rewatch Harry Potter after
seeing that so on with this it's a
hummingbird ah amazing
so it's bitch you got right by the
window still that rock well I'm gonna go
and show that I'm in bed a bit more so
hope you guys enjoy this video and I'll
see you tomorrow of another one goodbye
