UK that you are USA so I'm going to give
you a list of things but you either say
which do you prefer UK version of it or
USA version of it why beaches USA USA
yeah if a vendor something like say you
have done the best each turn your own ok
cool Europe went the weather good to go
there for about four days on June it is
the place to be
and even then I bet absolute Ramo city
down there I'm also going to go USA food
or that is a good one I will have to go
with UK for general food like
overarching food but la for specific
food ok what specific healthy food I
think I'm UK it's like a bit more varied
people just generally buzz a really hard
one Americans and can somehow sound
engineer for some Americans very very
intense and quite overwhelming I like
the general attitude of people in
America I really like UK sense of like
sarcasm and irony yeah that kind of
humor but I do like how positive
everyone is in the u.s. yeah and how
friendly everyone is like people you
just bump into it you know I love small
talk it's her I feel like I should live
it is that I'm gonna go UK the roads
like traffic crafty London's pretty sure
but it's not here it's awful where
I mean going to Detroit every day we're
in Venice so oh let's look how far away
this is two hours drive Detroit and
you're like you still going to go yeah
of course it's like you become
accustomed to don't eat
I'm with either I think like London is
more manageable I don't understand
because it roses so speaking things I
don't why the traffic's about is it
congestion or they're not enough like
links I don't know I think if we had the
mayor of LA who would be great to answer
that question but adding in such as our
I preferred public transport in London
as well I think the London networks
amazing so last one sports for I don't
you prefer football I love football it's
kind of loves football lads I like
football
hate everything around it hate the
people who watch it hate football coach
I literally hate angular yeah cannot
sound good okay but just you know you
know I mean
it's just it attracts bad people like
people become bad watching it America I
love that sport here and the sporting
systems through the schools is amazing
like sports in the grassroot levels at
home isn't very good competitor
whereas college sport air is amazing I
love basketball as well so you're doing
us yeah
no no I bet you tell it both I'm going
both you can't go both can you guys not
a rule it's hard going both yeah maybe
one of the other of the games Oh none
I'm going you getting a football cricket
with good at tennis as all Andy Murray
pick up UK and that brings to the end of
fun game that was so much fun they play
again well there we go that rounds up
episode 20 of low your expectations are
one from LA so I hope you've enjoyed
this different experience and hearing
are travelling stories good bye bye guys
