just let it be something if you let it
be something son said oh hello hello
beautiful safety people welcome how do I
introduce this video slightly weird
probably one of the weirdest things
we've done people fainting live on TV
don't know why that's the thing on
YouTube I don't know why it's got 5
million views but it has so here we go I
think what's going to be funny it's
obviously not people fainting isn't
funny that's not what's the funny thing
is I think the funny thing is is going
to be seeing the people they're in tune
with or whatever their reaction or re
and oh yeah
well yeah I mean be honest yes increment
ow oh she does not look good on the
right I laugh a anion Oh
oh my god because what scares me about
that the thing we think I've never
fainted but what scared her fainting is
if say like I'm sat here right now and I
think this is a concrete floor what if I
just paint and then smack your head on
the floor and then cut your head open
that's what makes a bit funny a girl in
Guymon or was a pennywhistle
yo I don't know watching that I really
don't know washing that course it's
visual zoom in button we can see showing
in one song grab him oh that was a key
for me grab him like what is he do here
you can see clearly he's also struggling
if that was me if I was there except
okay I'm just going to get him as okay
one thing I can take Spartan telephone
game help oh oh oh
at least she kind of grabbed him of that
oh go deny that if no one was that
scrapped him he could have just noticed
channel makes me really kisi cool Avenue
mm-hmm
she smacked her head with my body my
little wheel why is there so much
Spanish as well oh oh no one even though
this guy's doing his jack up it doesn't
even up so no one helps that they just
like yep yeah yeah we'll just carry on
what is wrong with people
are you tired you guys are teaching me
how to cross-country skis oh please be
in the smile issues give us some Big Joe
salucci fell in the snow
okay yes no I really talked to Becky you
guys I just looked and felt that's weird
but when you faint what I don't why do
you think do you think because you
there's not enough blood going to your
head and then you you're lightheaded and
then you faint and then you fall down on
the blood pumps back to your head is
that the reason hey I don't understand
the reason why people think but that
scared me that's like you when you see
people it's almost like they're
possessed so she's possessed for a
second and she's straight back in like
oh I fell I never take away for myself
Sunday into Monday the other thing I'll
pour a lot oh oh we are looking up oh oh
please stop
someone grabbed her uh a really enjoy
watching is you know
grab her grab her grab her grab her you
okay starting today we have a collegiate
challenge yeah she's on a beach soap
into any college any college huh no that
guy's lost I'm great
nikki has fainted I'm afraid uh I mean
Vanya jack is just like who are you go
around the women and do any new mean she
doesn't want to be there clearly okay
Doug are you okay such a gallon of this
seems like it or is this a common thing
you all right I'm passing out okay are
you okay you wanna hang on that's a no
okay
so that he knew is I'm passing out and I
go okay I'm passing out okay are you
okay I'm both yeah okay when they're in
a chair I feel but it's not as bad so
there's less suppose some ones that fall
back in my chair but forgotten
oh oh oh you know this grab em grab em
oh I didn't really like that video I
don't like watching people paint or when
they're bored they're like didn't didn't
really enjoy watching that I've never
experienced saying to myself my sister's
fainted before and some friends are
saying it before but I've never I've
never actually seen it happen yeah
tonight so that weird after that now I
feel weird asking to you the video
thumbs up don't give the video thumbs up
I will be back tire with a more normal
video alright see you guys tomorrow bye
