yo what's going on beautiful safety
people welcome to a video a fandom video
I'm an Ed Sheeran fan most you
appropriate ed Sheeran fan I feel like
there's not many people in this world
that don't like a cheering you might not
like him but you can't really dislike
him you can't really fault him for
anything that he's done
you know smash through his music
extremely talented he's just a bit the
ledge isn't he they seems pretty humble
since we chilled and how can people not
really like him so in theme of Ed
Sheeran we're going to see how well we
know him collectively by taking part in
this
how many more well when did this come
out March okay so recently so this is
after his most recent album so how many
more mathematical themed albums it
release then let us think he's done
connection aliens to this I would say
none I think I'm pretty sure it's numb
because I think he's doing them in
trilogies so it's done his third album
then when either his next album it'll be
like a whole new thing so I'm pretty
sure it's not of course and I have two
more fantastic good I mean that's the
logical answer because what's left we've
got P some plus is some multiplies and
divide hasn't done - well oh so is an
interview there's only two more
mathematical ones are we doing like
square root of things because that's
technically something I'm probably being
really stupid here and I'm going to
leave you guys up to tell me because I
just I don't know I'm sorry I don't
so good we're we're on the word blubber
battle wasn't so well so far which TV
shows ed Sheeran make an appearance on a
definitely knows Game of Thrones
yeah picture him amazing favorite TV
show Game of Thrones and he's going to
be appearing will we know where he is in
there also you literally probably going
to be an extra in the background that no
one's even gonna notice which artist did
he give a tattoo of a padlock
Harry Styles for ljb think Harry Styles
yeah oh yeah ed gave Harry and a tattoo
of a padlock what's the meaning behind
that if you like Harry you're locked
into me forever or I mean there's gotta
be some here also how long ago that
Harry looked for that six which
celebrities couch did he sleep on during
his first visit to America Taylor Swift
Elton John Jamie Foxx going to Taylor
Swift I mean that's probably the obvious
answer wasn't that Jamie Foxx up for me
at at the Fox so amusing that run by
James Hook he was asked to perform on
Jamie's radio show and then let him
crash it stabs for a few days I mean is
it a bit of a lie here I mean can you
imagine Jamie caught which is having a
one-bed house you know it's Jamie Foxx
and he's like alright mate sorry I've
only got one bed so you have to sleep on
the couch Jamie James like definitely
has a mansion and you've got lots of
rooms so I think it should be which
severities
house did he sleep that although maybe
I'd like the sofa who knows maybe
prefers a sofa which pop star did he
open up for on tour
Paisley Bob's like you know what guys
I'm literally I'm just sort with GI if
you watch the video a couple weeks goes
banging on about to it GI knows anyone
want any help or advice still well that
to it GI what's the name of the record
label setup ginger bread ginger bread
man records obvious quite a cool name
yeah write that one out for them what I
mean which doppelganger has you been
stationed for Rupert Grint obvious I
mean this is this is pretty easy so far
was weird as they look scary like and
aren't they very similar in ages as well
which of the following does he have
tattooed a cup of tea a picture of
Tasers cat an Elton John there I'm
definitely on one cup of tea yeah it'd
be weird have Taylor's tattoo tattooed
on him
Elton John lyric also bit weird maybe
what's the name of Castle English and
he'll walk worst castle Farnham castles
falling them I think it's walk where no
its farming him castle
Edward cause on Hill as an as a home in
same town Remington didn't know that
sorry
how old was he when he played his first
gig
I think he was 14 because didn't he only
just get a guitar when he was like 12
did I get that wrong but sorry no 11 so
I'm wrong again
you know I didn't know a cheer and had a
book out got a book out saturn's book
you've got six out of ten
hmm wow you're a certified a plus top of
your class shiri oh you've made s proud
well I'm I'm glad and I'm glad you
definitely watching this edits at home
right now watching me take a quiz on
Edie
definitely is so thanks for watching
that glad you've given this video a
thumbs up because that's giving it a
thumbs up you might as well give a
thumbs up to subscribe as well why not
meet everyone happy but yeah I you guys
enjoyed this video and I'll see you
tomorrow with another on goodbye goodbye
goodbye goodbye
