before I start this video I would just
like to apologize for this alien plant
that happen hello beautiful sexy people
welcome to a very serious video in a
video that has been much needed and
something that I've been holding back
for quite some time now and is the time
and my time to share my thoughts and
feelings with you the people who are
subscribed to this channel people have
watched this channel for many years
basically you might have realized that
there's been I just stopped uploading I
was about to a lack of videos but I just
stopped uploading videos to this channel
very kind of dramatically just stopped I
don't really know I came to realization
I spent some time away and out of
everything I've got going on I do a lot
of different things if you let
everything out on the table I do it
these daily videos more Marcus Marcus
Butler channel sketches writing a show
at the moment we've got a podcast do a
lot of fashion stuff on Instagram I've
got a source box
I've got stripped bare I've got all
these things going on and they kind of
all go really well together
other than this more Marcus thing so to
me more Marcus the content on wall
Marcus stands out like a sore thumb
compared to the other stuff and I got
into such a routine with this channel
that I fell out of love with the videos
I was making I think it's because I'm
not I'm 25 years old and it's that's it
but I just realized I'm not enjoying the
content that I'm making on this channel
and literally the only reason that I
would continue to do that would be to
earn money and that's a completely
honest answer and I don't want to do
that I don't want to force myself to
make videos the sake of earning some
money when I don't want to make those
videos anymore probably the main reason
why I felt like I don't want to make
those videos is because I'm trying to do
all this really what I think is
genuinely cool exciting interesting
stuff outside of YouTube not outside of
YouTube but like writing shows right I
want to me and Matt we're writing a show
that's what like my dream and that was
never happening because a whole time is
consumed of this channel and this was
such a focus of what we were doing that
we would
never have time to write because we'd be
spending so much time on this channel
plus all the other things that we do the
podcasts etcetera main channel all that
stuff and I was driving myself crazy
because I obviously sat there I have
this moment where it's just like what
have I been doing for the last year and
a half we write in the show for a year
right different shows for the last year
and a half but we haven't actually
really been focusing on it because this
has been the focus well I have enjoyed
this channel and it's given me amazing
opportunities it's not what I truly want
to be doing I'm gonna be on TV this
channel and good money like I could have
continued in it and aren't great money
from this channel and I feel like a lot
of people would in that position would
just go yeah whatever I'll enjoy the
ride and Karen owe me money that's not
what I want to do because in five years
time I don't want to look back and go oh
that was cool like I earned some money
but what have I actually got to show for
what I did then under then some like
silly videos where I'm doing stupid
things you know that's not the person I
want to be and in the future and I had
to make that decision and it's quite a
risky decision because like I said it's
going to impact them financially etc but
I'm not worried about that because I'm
more excited about the future and the
other stuff and want to be working on I
don't want to go too much into it
because I spoke a lot more about it on
the podcast and I would really
appreciate for you guys to go and listen
to the podcast I will put a link top
line there because I really felt that I
could really just talk and talk about it
and it's I don't know it means a lot to
me so I would really like you went and
listened to in more detail there but
that's not say I'm never gonna post
videos again I'm just gonna change it
there's not gonna be daily videos on
this channel there might still be some
vlogs there might still be some fun
videos we do I might do some fashion
stuff some fitness stuff some food stuff
like whatever I fancy do I'm gonna put
on this channel and while that's going
on we're still uploading videos to the
Marcus Butler channel but we're just
upping the production value so we're you
know we're actually writing script now
working with directors like trying to do
the stuff we want to do on that channel
so there won't be as many videos on
there but when they come just know that
there will be a lot more effort that's
gone into those videos or more planning
yeah so hopefully you can still see I
know there's different audiences some
people like me as Marcus and my
personality etc which was on this
channel but the videos you saw that is
me and my person
it's just the content I was like I'm 25
like I don't want to be sitting here for
the next few years eating crazy
different foods and like deep-frying
stuff and it's like I'm smiling because
it took me so long to realize that and
I'm not the reason I'm telling us is
because I think it's so important to
realize what you actually want to
achieve and it wasn't what I was doing
on this channel what I am doing it's all
the other stuff that I'm doing a lot of
it behind the scenes but okay so we're
writing we write a few shows actually so
it's not even where I in one shown that
is the goal that in the future I will be
acting in those shows and also they will
be on various different platforms maybe
on TV maybe on wherever who knows what
the future is but that's what I want to
focus on as well as all the stuff that
I'm passionate about the music stuff
Saucebox fashion I still will post
videos on this channel there's just
gonna be no schedule like I said it
might be a vlog if I want to do a fun
video Steffie like great I'll still do
that I just don't ever want to feel
forced into into doing those videos I
felt trapped
I want to see felt trapped and it's so
weird saying a lot of you might not
understand that because it sounds
ridiculous saying that but I honestly
felt like I was stuck in this this box
and I had to make these videos because I
travel a lot for work and also I mean
Stephanie lives in Germany whatever but
it was getting to the point where like I
fly from New York to LA land at 12 a.m.
I'm already jet-lagged because I'm on
New York time zone and I'll have to I
have to film for videos at 1:00 a.m. in
my hotel room didn't want to film videos
but I'm like forcing myself to film them
because I had this inside pressure to do
videos every day and always upload a
video on the channel and I was like what
am i what am i doing like not only am I
not happy in the content I'm forcing
myself to do saying that I don't need to
do so yeah that was kind of like all my
all my different thoughts in in one go
and I just came back to England and was
like and had that's why I stopped
uploading and I'm completely honest I
feel free I feel so creatively open
so passionate about all the other things
that I'm doing now because I've got that
time to be it honestly feels great it
feels amazing and I feel so happy at the
moment yeah I'm really sorry if a lot of
you are disappointed from this decision
because you're not gonna have daily
videos and I know some people really
love those but I've got to do this for
me I feel and make this decision for
what I believe is right for me and I
kind of hope you guys will respect that
and appreciate that you can follow me on
Instagram snapchat and one of the social
networks there's links down there
because I post daily stuff on snapchat
and instead of storing et cetera and I
started doing a few Instagram videos so
you can check that as well but yeah it's
not like goodbye from this channel or
anything it's just this well needed
update to what's been going on what's
going on in my mind sharing that with
you because I feel like I owe that to
you because you're my audience to share
those and I hope you understand from my
point of view oh that's like a big site
because I know and people have been
tweeting me and where are the vegans
what can't wait for you to return to the
videos so I am nervous to see the
reaction from this but I think a lot of
you will understand if I'm completely
honest I think a lot of you will or at
least tried to understand or appreciate
the decision behind that I can't wait
for all the exciting things that I'm
going to be doing in the future and of
course I would love for you guys to
follow that journey and whatever I go in
to do in bring you guys with me because
that's part of life right I'm growing
you guys are kind of growing as
individuals as well just whatever we'll
see what happens but yeah feel good to
finally got that off my chest like I
said a full much more in detailed chat
can be found on the podcast go over
listen to that and I will see you guys
somewhere on this channel on the main
channel I will see you around
alright good bye bye
