yo yo look different location hello
beautiful sexy people welcome to more
markets from na I'm in LA for quite some
time so owsla video is going to be out
of this location very wonderful
beautiful location that I wish was my
house I think there'll be a video on the
main channel like showing the house
because it's freaking awesome yeah I've
got the coffee shake I'm jet-lagged but
the almonds got to take place so I'm
gonna happen you guys know the score I'm
always going to be using natural light
here and I mean it's sunny now but we
never know what's going to happen so if
it changes just bear with me okay I'm
not that type of light but and yeah
welcome to the LA part of more market
there's going to be bunch of different
stuff on here all the normal videos that
are on this channel plus maybe some
vlogs plus some just trying new things
also if you've got any suggestions I'm
here in America so like trying things or
whatever you guys want to see let me
know also hey this is the new hair had
it read I'd can I love it if you could
see I don't know if you can see my hands
literally drunk too much coffee it's
good on satisfying videos you know like
watching those things that you just
enjoy yeah I enjoy those things we're
going to see if this stuff satisfies me
and you guys so I mean it's starting
with the appealing of the iPhone screen
I love that you know he gets in you and
you're like here let back if there was
sound with that I would do it mean just
watching it it's not really doing it I
need the sound you know that yes no
sound man I mean I wish I was doing that
oh you have such a fine hand to do that
what even is that I wish I knew what
that was nobody phased like that
this musics not satisfy at all though I
need the sound of then that satisfying a
Timon it's just now it's quite
satisfying peel it off yeah that's just
a flower just a yellow flower oh that is
cool though how it dies is that
chocolate if so I want to be in there
swimming around oh my God he's got a
boner yo that was quite cool
it's okay just just a bowl that's
amazing how it's so smooth round the
outer edges it's not really doing it for
me what do mr. fountain pen do you guys
use sound to pedal at school
bloody little lovely fountain pen move
Hamilton pen I see really soldiers at
school I see at school I'm going trouble
for it
you know the ink cartridges we used to
put them under someone's chair so like
if someone's rocking on their chair or
you just do it like yourself you'd come
down on the ink cartridge and it would
pop it and ink goes everywhere
don't do that same p18 annoying people
doesn't do anything that's cool perfect
money's makes amazing but this is I love
stuffers
I'm a bit of a pyromania myself hope the
Sun in controlled environments also what
a waste of matches as amazing
hahahaha that looks amazing
ah forgetting that there's some time
optical illusion
in person made this video is just going
you know what winning some country
music on this and make sure handsome
randomized country come and throwing it
on it I mean the colors satisfying not
really pressing it very into that color
that can't be food is that always
can be like rock candy I'm baffled but I
don't think you should be in something a
cyclist is lift you can do sure that's
great for your teeth oh that's quite
cool you know I'm interesting when you
see things in the factory like that all
the robots stuff I'm interested in how
those robots are made like who are the
people making those robots but then know
how to program everything so
specifically don't if I'm the only
person two things that I watch a
documentary all day again where it's
like this is a factory and these robots
doing all these incredible things how
are you getting it to do those specific
things that blows my mind but yeah there
we go that was some satisfying things
there was some satisfying inner the
music definitely not but and some things
that took my hand through there what
about you guys hope you enjoyed that let
me know in the comment I give the video
a thumbs up I'll see you tomorrow number
baby
