yo yo yo yo yo who sounds that sounds
like Jesse playing this prank
eh yo peep what up dog nation dope fresh
nation sound ahem welcome how's it going
we're going to be seeing if you're
grossed out by these pictures or not
they're not prime from what I think to
discuss them but we're going to see if
you're gross and if I'm grossed out okay
cool
got it let's go right starting out easy
just someone's gross leftover foods do
you know I find gross about that is to
looking at the ketchup pot which makes
no sense to me is to get this to catch
up on the sore spot but there's that bit
of ketchup on that piece of left here
right what I'm not about that I just
need to feel a bit weird so this is a
bit gross I'm probably a fail at this a
lot of you are watching this ruining
your weird Marcus that's not disgusting
into more meal remnants but a nice
close-up for you that's fine like I
can't even see although or you can see
like the markings on the fork and that
makes me think of like people's saliva
stuff on the fork and like bits of
fishman to what the first on is worse
make that doesn't really not really fade
by that looks like this food got a
little moldy oh yeah that is when it's
very like I've had it before where
fruits being put like if you have fresh
fruit in your fridge like raspberries or
blueberries you leave raspberries for
like a week they go buried are they
gonna bury coats on I could have done
without that Stacey honest finally a
nice meal but wait what is that inside
her holy I can't look at that
iconic that oh my god that I've got
goose Tom's going down my back
mmm but less that's not good as that
disgust them is because it's B's oh it's
not be no it's not be this cricket okay
cool it looks like they look like bees
on the bottom I'm absolutely not about
that see that what's that like a random
cheeky little bug hanging out on a
biscuit or a cracker don't care about
that
alright alright let me cook you a fresh
meal for your trouble
unappetizing but I don't mind it I'm
feeling Bret unappetizing I don't mind
that you know that's why I'm going man
let's move away from through it
hahahahaha just don't like don't put
that in my face I lit up on even click
no because it's that disgust absolute
rank Cindy what do you think is down
there I mean home see so why is that
great
you that's not disgusting at all if
there was like clumps of hair down there
or something that's fine but that
there's nothing maybe someone should
change the air filter yeah to be honest
breathing that ends not going to be very
good for you is it I mean it doesn't
really gross me out
get a new filter I mean I'm saying no
because it's disgusting self grooming is
important when you say this litter looks
like my sink this morning when I shave
I'm very like I hate seeing hair less
layers not addressing facial hair but
just having hair floating around there
as if your sink isn't very nice so I
think that's a bit gross hair doesn't
really do it like doesn't really put me
off it doesn't really make me feel that
funny place just head wishes hair like
even this is gonna sound really whit
even though when I get if I get food and
it's got a hair in Hat
I mean I'll remove the hair but I'm not
like I'm just like oh yeah it's just
hair home is where the heart is
understand is that just that brown water
is that it looks like coats coming out
with that or is that like shifty
draining water or is it bloody war
there's something I'd don't know it's
not really gross don't you hate you and
this happens when you swear and every
single human sweat
I was dry skin from the other foot is
sweat Wow cool illusion nerves but
normal
those of you who suffer with that can't
wait to rub those dry hands together
everyone that does yeah that's fine for
me looks a little bit like some sperm on
hand some flies few lives in my ass
you'd be used to seeing flies every
single day of your life so my
fruit flies don't leave me alone now
just let nature take its course that
leech you know what's making me feel
funny is the close-up of the like pubic
hairs there that says I'm a bit fine out
QB hairs that that's a pupae hair but
it's still not really yeah want to come
over that rank that is
absolutely rank
I hate there's so much money out she
enough it's almost over I mean it's not
not like I would check into a hotel and
I looked over oh that's what I'm paying
for would be a bit you know but it's not
it's not grossing me out
don't want it Tim it's not like it's not
that this is against I'm really wait
it's not so much the teeth it's the like
the fact that their mouths so wet
and I can see like this spit like
hanging off their gums that's what I am
grossed out life on look at that
okay that's fine I thought was a bit
that's fine it's not be yeah that
doesn't gross now yes I'm not even
grossed out you got you did it Wow again
Suraj you got through this entire post
without so much as a gag you have a very
strong stomach and even stronger will
rech elations yeah I mean some stuff was
gross but mostly I was just like yes
just nature isn't it nature taking its
course so I hope you guys enjoyed the
video I hope you weren't too grossed out
by that did any of those things that
didn't grow snout grossed you out we saw
you violently sick watching that and
some of you just like I literally don't
care let me know because video thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow number one by
E
