yo yo yo yo what's going on beautiful
sexy people this is another challenge
that is big on YouTube very very big big
in the old boots way too big for the
boots don't look away challenge 90999
99.999% we'll look away
Heights edition although Heights don't
really that I'm not that scared of
heights yo what the you doing why
are you doing that oh my god that is so
stupid
yo what huh
holy yo see this stuff if I was just
stupid that I'm sorry it just is stupid
one little slip and you're just gone oh
my day this is so cool ass epic I mean I
would never do that there's so
unbelievably cook that is just stupid me
oh you have no rails and anything like
ropes or anything high five that's a
spongy jump and that's fine oh my your
hop hop I just had to pause that for a
second Nami just saw ya safe yeah and
she's so chill look how windy is what
you do thing oh my god yo shudders go
through there
I said the other day I paraglide and I
said to the guys I realized to try fly
that the wing to jump in I don't think I
would I don't think I think it to
meetings you know wrong with it like you
have literally nothing but just wings on
you is too dangerous
alright what's going on here just
skydive them oh he doesn't have a
parachute I've seen that then look she
doesn't have a parachute are you gonna
get hit more sue things that if he flips
he can kind of fall that you kind of can
grab on unless you bounce off then you
yeah then you're done for
look how high that what you're coming
through the clouds BASE jumper yeah yeah
that is kind of cool it's kind of shoe
because yeah really
well I make well done that's not stupid
oh my god that is horrendous to watch or
don't rip yo
oh my god son I'd love to do cliff
jumping I really like here we go
mammy like you're just wrong you're just
wrong to be doing that but you are just
wrong yo these lips yawns nothing
onehand what if he flips right there oh
yeah porno ministers just get my phone
now I know perfect I'm take selfie I'm
sorry I don't know it's cool I don't
look at the camera please look at what
will you do can we just take a minute to
appreciate the fact that I completed
that challenge because I didn't look
away literally didn't look away so I'm
in the 0.0001% people that didn't look
away so what kind of cool about that -
all the comments I didn't look away I
didn't look away I didn't look away all
right I'm with you guys there we go what
did you guys think is that are you
scared of heights
I'm when I say I'm not scared of heights
watching things like that doesn't really
faze me if I'm that if I was there
myself I would literally myself but
being watching it on three nights I mean
I didn't look away were you scared of
that were you not scared of that let me
know I hope you guys enjoyed it give it
something to did and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video goodbye
