hello there listen to blow your
expectations welcome to episode 20 what
was the worst / weirdest injury you
suffered in your childhood worst yeah
all weirdest it's better actually
ah but worse can also work there's no
weird ones yeah I think the worst was
playing football in garden with my
sister kicked the ball over the wall was
like fine I'll climb up logs get it
climbs atop the wall went for myself up
and they're like top paving stone on the
wall good foot wide pulled it fell down
and then like the wall like collapsed on
me miserable just like crumbled and the
large aving stone landed on my leg
you've seen the scar on my leg up yeah
have yet that's what that's from and at
the time I was like 10 or something
absolutely screaming in pain my dad
should have taken me tough so in tame
dog people literally wrapped my leg up
he's I have some painkillers and took me
to walk around a outdoor fair
that's legend I've got you see the scar
literally goes probably six seven eight
centimeters up my legs why didn't he
take it a stir and I so you want to go
to the fair though oh geez dad were you
in pain when you go run the fair we like
read grumpy you've seen sighs the sky
actually I can it yes the thought of you
being dragged around there dad yeah some
painkiller ah
I go shoe up cow pose be right about you
I haven't got it wasn't I broke my wrist
I wasn't that bad the weird one though
so when I was in flight it's one of my
first memories actually I was like three
or four maybe over in Florida and I fell
over into like an ant's nest
ahead and too overly evade from that
Vova Dada I was like really scared of
ants for a while did they bite like no
it didn't bite below where the injury
where's no injury oh my a psychological
injury yeah I owe you guard me for a
while is a deep regard for a while
just a few amps on you that there was
the funeral loads were they back answer
red ants I long timing I don't know
Lance we would know Scotty what's his
name
it just was a channel called something
wild common but out while rudeness
Wilder he loved it I thought he would
have loved it I hated your ether man I
used to eat ants on a younger oh you
 like a monster but like the little
black hands just like now I didn't
commit murder
no I didn't do that murdering our young
age
Connie answer what are you doing hungry
no you did not even because you're
hungry I was hungry and had a bad leg we
do not give you sustenance and oh yeah
they're meaty protein yeah
guarantee you protein there they are
food people eat I know people eat but we
have and they're dried and stuff now
just with that regard with more squishy
their tiny hairs they don't even big
enough to buy a season s what else did
you eat spiders though I'm telling my
alpha city that Oh flowers sometimes we
will see you guys next week with another
episode goodbye hey guys
you
