hello there beautiful sexy people
welcome to a crazy hair more Marcos
edition we're just going to ignore okay
and we'll just just not talk about it
only a McDonald's expert can get 11 out
of 11 on this close-up quiz I'm going to
have it a guess that I'm not going to do
very well on this just because I don't
really eat McDonald's the last time I
had it was on a cheat day with Stephie
in Kaiserslautern in Germany before that
was three years ago
so although that's a lie when I skiing
in Xiamen II bought 80 chicken nuggets
not just for me I'm not doing a chicken
egg encounter but AG chicken nuggets for
me for everyone because nervous had
eaten and we're about to go skiing and
that was it see anything near us so that
is to McDonald's to hashbrowns
yes hash brown know that one might hatch
Brown that is a hash brown then in that
hash brown or is it one of that do you
know what it is what are those things
called apple pie pockets or something
apple pie apple pie no that's not
chicken nugget I think it's some new
South year it is not cheese what's that
chicken count and spell my chicken I
give up french fry nah that is not a
chip are you dumb
that's obviously what's how you meant
that lettuce Big Mac Oh what what's that
I mean that chicken a rather market that
looks disgusting
apple pie okay
never even had one another rank I like
sweet a sort of like a bull it's a
gherkin isn't it it's a bow guys this is
about my hamburger I'm I'm lucky I've
got my phone a friend like I'm limited
on every round here what's that oh yeah
how'd you know from a gherkin okay what
are those special Gascon yeah
especially asset nowadays is what how do
we know that well Oh
Madonna's burgers are going this yeah
every McDonald's burger again I have not
got a clue that's an egg sandwich today
what's that called Irma cake is
everything look at McDonald's breakfast
wrap undersize breakfast breakfast wrap
oh I don't know
but muffin laughing that's it McLovin
give up McGriddle no is that what we
call it with muffin yeah so I get that
point right so I'm doing well so far
that looks ranked again not sure what
eyes what's that please it's not cheese
cheese chicken Gina I'm trig no you
faint again say no no good not good not
good
I said I get chicken not yet okay Thank
You chicken you get that is a
quarter-pounder what nice cheeseburger
Hey I mean double cheeseburger but hey
who's counting
all that looks very nice in that picture
fish fillet fish candy spell oh he's
right he's absolutely gone and smashed
that what's the what's the chicken wrap
called chicken wrap um literally
smashing this American food valiant
found something and let's make McMuffin
which is me I have an Egg McMuffin just
make love to you I don't eat them who
you are if you do or as this one what
hell is that chicken something chicken
something I having so chicken
resident McRib I never heard that us may
not well I got seven out of eleven right
which actually means I got 8 out of 11
right because Amelie doesn't eat
McDonald's that much that's impressive
I mean you helped me on some of them
yeah whoo you guys enjoyed that little
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you tomorrow is another one
goodbye
