dinner wipe I've got this song stuff my
guys does it done dad did the dance it
does it dad dinner
stroll through the party room my name is
on here when I rang you know tripping at
the Packman sending on that song jingle
that song coming for you want salad
that's our move well I don't really I in
2d ah is it cuz they need to the
motivation and a dancer
perfect size drama stress the health of
goose I made them
sorry that has literally literally no
reference this video
axel axel but that's what's in my head
right now hi welcome to that was amazing
clap
would you rather naughty it's naughty no
that's not here that's on pornhub dirty
would you rather but it's not dirty like
all sexy dirty is like grubby dirty that
will make you feel dirty
would you rather only be allowed one
square of toilet paper every time you
use the bathroom for the rest of your
life what will never be allowed to wash
your hands up are definite oh that's a
that's one a design finish that nobody
Fu box your hands off using the bottom
again my theory is you only got one
square toilet paper I'm hanging out way
too much your anyone to a toy paper
unless you like squeaky clean not a man
like then you're in trouble
but then you can wash your hands so it's
like but then you said might if you can
wash hands I call you put clean hands
but you've got pooi clothes
oh I'm still going to wash your hands
like hygiene and stuff so I'm going
we've only been out one throw toilet
paper 47% of people went with me oh okay
would you rather eat a slice of pizza
that fell on the ground and have hair
and dirt stuck to it eat an order of
french fries that that someone had to
lose what the is has tuluyan
do you know I mean hacked a loogie on
what eat an order of french fries that
someone hacked a loogie on Allah instead
penis length when you have bad navel and
chest cruddy clumps of mucus needed what
career some 100 percent eat pizza that's
got a big bit down in someone's hair or
who is choosing gobby french fries sorry
would you rather sleep in a hotel bed
with sheets that have not been cleaned
for years sleep in a hotel bed and
someone who hasn't showered in years I'm
like gay I'm genuinely feeling
uncomfortable it's like taking part in
this video especially as someone who's
quite
anal about general cleanliness no I
would I would have to
three times I've ever someone who hasn't
showered in years because then at least
I've got clean sheet I can be like look
you sleep over there on that side I've
made put nose peg on and then I'm fine
like I've got clean sheet I'll just put
like a face mask on and not inhale you
where the sheets haven't been washing is
not about six I'm 59% come on would you
rather not cut your toenails and
fingernails for an entire year not
change your underwear for a year oh not
change your underwear for a year that's
rank
so toe nails that could then become a
trend you know like fine you can link so
clean them doesn't they can't clean them
so yeah 87% cook would you rather a
picture of a dirty toilet not sure where
you going happiest and wishing a
disgusting wet bathroom stall happiest
sandwich that you found between two
garbage cans in a back alley happy a
sandwich in a disgusting bathroom that's
fine does that mean I've taken the
sandwich in there to eat it or about
finance sandwich stuck between odd Co is
having tea in the bathroom yeah
not who's that obvious isn't it we drive
having an enormous zip you can't pick in
the middle of your for six months
straight have multiple swollen ingrown
hairs on your underwear line for a year
I'll go to the under under line we're
under underwear line I don't have that
so would you rather not be allowed to
shower for a month
what not be allowed to brush up or I'm
gonna shower on the phrase at least
we've not been able to rush your teeth
have mint doesn't say you can't use
mouthwash does it just as you can't
brush them so I always use mint
chewing gum mouthwash where it's not
showering yeah roll for a month what's
long as you've got that showing mind
quite bad that's emergency
I say 5.10 moment six days with
Australia me and max traveling in camper
van but didn't we didn't have any nice
hair for the shower after that onwards
we paid to use we pay to the gym just to
so we use a shower it was like I think
orgasms in the shower would you rather
have to lick your hands right off use
the bar from any hand wash them yet
have to lick yourself in which you
haven't dissipate
every year notice an my answer is lit my
cellphone but I would do that right now
but I know there's probably way more
germs on that and there is off the
bottom so but still cell phone I'm sorry
would you rather not wear deodorant for
a year not shave or wax cut etc any half
a year any how are we talking about like
any hair but you had hair so I'm quite
I'm quite groomed you know I like to be
well-groomed well-kept
I think I'm not we're doing I'm just
we're off to shave so I would rather not
wear deodorant pretty Oh 50/50 that one
would you rather be stuck in a on a
12-hour point someone with horrendous
body odor Savage
we start from a 12-hour flight next so
many concepts meeting and coffee in your
general direction I would prefer body
odor I mean I wouldn't like any of them
but the coffin King are blessed this old
man I was next to an old man slime at
from any other day and he was snoring
that whole flight and as I was falling
asleep he like had this coughing
splutter no word of a lie like my arm
went wet because I felt a drip of his
like saliva fly out of his mouth onto my
arm and I can't like just sat there and
I was like what was the 60% would you
rather never be able to wash your face
again nebulous wash your hair again
think face because hey got dry shampoo
you've got you know natural greases is
good for volume or a little bit and
reinforce your face yeah oh wait oh no
oh god I meant face would you rather
live in a house where live in a house
where you had to forever eat off dirty
dishes live in a house where you could
never take out the trash
neither just don't be annoying Oh II
often on no I can't you can't choose
dirty dishes 50-person we drove on every
expression he began but forever have
good breath beer which brush your teeth
but forever have bad breath have good
breath obviously nothing excu
so there we go I thought I was in with
most of the general consensus of what
everyone else is going with there's a
few times not but hey I'm a clean person
we found that I hope you enjoyed this
video give a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you tomorrow another one
goodbye
