hello beautiful sexy people today I am
going to be sharing some private videos
with you we've done this with photos
we've started a little series of photos
where I go through and show you some
photos from my phone that no one's ever
seen before and Matt's the dividend ov
IDEO so let's see what secret videos
I've got I hope I've got ISO on my phone
I've got 1250 videos now a lot of that
is because I've logged on my phone when
I haven't had my camera and stuff so
might not be that many exciting things
but so first video six seconds on first
video on my phone for May 2014 it's not
that longer it's three years ago I was
just really really fast then Wow that
coffees come to me this is when we did a
tour and I think I've just filmed it I
was on stage at some of it with our song
playing
I don't know what I've got that but okay
oh my god
why is this on my phone look at my hair
why the fuck is this on my phone this is
really embarrassing I just realize
there's my tree are the bonsai tree pop
the bonsai tree r.i.p I called it Bob
this is Bob everyone this I was living
at home but this is Bob look I watered
him yesterday it's a very good tip top
condition I was obviously blocking but I
do not remember that so oh my gosh since
my mama's new r.i.p miles are you such a
cute little cat is always just film
videos and not do anything with those on
my phone so it probably got loads of
videos mean cat
Oh the third woman's going one direction
at Wembley and it just was a massive
mistake because we went I think like me
Zoe Alfie damn how Joe and we just went
to Wembley like 60,000 people lot of
people who watch One Direction then
watched our videos and it was it was
interesting
oh there we are sayin over one day I
have to say I saw one direction at
Wembley and at the o2
I've didn't think they're very good at
Wembley because not them like just the
atmosphere because I thought is too big
and too open whereas the o2 when it is
all compact like smashed it Oh slo-mo
I mean jumping off a tree
I think this is when slowmode just been
released on the iPhone and setting out
with Jim spade this is good man Jim were
a Munich and went to Iraq a German bar
again just so that mental that was the
thought I think it got like crazier
this the first this is a few years ago
2015 first-ever 360 I've got my
snowboard someone filming it I've got
I've got a lot of balancing guys don't
worry but i remember this oh come on oh
so excited well it's never a good club
when that song comes on is that
oh I was clearly loving life I was
loving life
I
what we do our cringing Oh Christian
this videos from my being that night out
or something on the way home as light
which is you know you know you had a
good knife it's like when you're coming
home
they doesn't sleep in the car it's
brilliant
I would say that a long time Michael my
back
max is very go very bright shirt okay
anyway we've had a few troops so stays
as a teacher I can help you pal it's
better than your bright yellow shirt
mate this is my trip to IB flip the boys
and date what it are we we did a big
what's it called fantasy football thing
and that the start we were like oh
what's the losers have to do and we knew
an anti beater at the end of the year so
you're like oh the loser has to get
waxed or something and I don't anything
gave lost but I was like I'm just going
to wax days chest anyway
David why trip on day three cut unwanted
bycatch upon say this little reaction
who doesn't even have a hairy chest leo
Dave Arnaz on my favorite trips sits in
Ibiza Peter again after one of the
nights out in the morning max going over
made his hidden watch
ah oh here we go
recording I'm famous this is what the
process is like industry - your voice is
quite good isn't it just quite good and
that rounds up as episode this is not a
series on Episode one I've shown you my
old videos I've literally got so like
the next video on my phone is Alfie in
grease but yeah let me guys know confit
today let me know if you want to see
them give video a thumbs up and we'll
make this a series as well so hopefully
you enjoyed it see tomorrow's another
video okay
