hello beautiful sexy people I am Tiger
dead hmm
stop pranks I've made a lot of videos
about pranks before actually not a lot
of me to videos about pranks before they
go wrong all the time
pranks they just always always go wrong
don't I'm going to be watching some
pranks gone wrong so first up is Adams
salad blogs I've never seen this guy I
just know about him when he got kicked
off the plane and his video and bio and
blah blah and then turned out that he
was like I don't know he's like a public
prank ER and he's done things on planes
when he'd counted down from 10 before
and like made a lot of funny jokes like
that on planes so personal from him so
let's see how how this forty million
views though so shit lot of views killer
Klown prank gone wrong I'm having an
amazing assortment amazing a you are
should be having an amazing happy next
week it's really cute today me and
Mawson are going to pull a crazy prank
on dream I ready don't think he knows
this dude how's this girl
well she's bitch you got three condor
two free yard you wanna play a game
ah you are you're gonna have to do fuck
I said can put up you're not doing it
right
Thundra diligence can you start again
bird identically just roll it I didn't
tell you so it I'm good for cloud forest
Paul goes and be terrified really what I
love okay I mean she's probably blessed
they're gonna be terrified for the rest
of her life of clowns now so poop on
Lamborghini prank gone horribly wrong we
had a problem with Lambo driver Keisha
was a finger he was real aggressive so
we followed him here am I the only
person you skeptical about every primer
every pregnant watching in my head I'm
like finding the thing that makes it
fake I always obviously no blank slate
as nonsense but in my head it's like
this prank you think where can I find
proof that it break fake hopefully is
not I'd looks really look what is what's
a weapon what the fuck what's that
fucking taser fuck it's a it's a brag oh
my gosh um I believe that like what some
use carry a Taser with you oh I don't
let me get get your tasered I don't know
it's funny like it is
funny moving off but would someone have
a Taser like casually in their pocket
ready to use at any time that I don't
know our prank gone wrong that one
that's one that seems like it
legitimately did go wrong angry
girlfriend throws peaceful in the pool
prank gone wrong 21 million views hey
YouTube it's free boy Fritos girlfriend
Jasmin is it a prank ranging couple
Fredo doesn't know what he has in store
for him I'm tired of all these Springs
that he's been doing on me the cheating
prank is still in the car with me in it
prank
Fredo has no idea that I got a camera he
has no clue that I got shit set up at
the house when do they ever know that
cameras are set up in the house never do
they I'll carry and run that's a double
what's the picture was the painting
moving on the wall right that's a double
I just got home and Fredo I'm in game if
he's been on it all day
how is she got that cameras out there
recording all day hmm
how would you what funny alright were
you doing were you doing what are you
doing
I gotta eat through the thing with with
with with with with me
fucking stupid oh I can't do their dad
down if it I don't know if it was real I
would think you'd get Stroud the pool
and go like chaser and wear yo we done
that for all my shit is in here oh my oh
my I saved in here to be fair like you
if you game a lot that would be really
really annoying oh don't tell me this is
some house music - what I like
everything baby house music just cuts
out my favorite bit that was legit I
understand his frustration I would be
very pissed at that - the only thing
that I'm like oh is that real is how
this look says been playing all day and
the cameras just like that but other
than that seems legit so well done guys
Congrats and that rounds up looking at
pranks gone wrong so there's a lot of
pranks out there if you want me to watch
them more let me know what you guys
think of the video as well that's what
I'd like to know do you think they're
real do you think would you think of
pranks in general do you do you have the
same mind that I have or do you love
pranks you hate pranks what do you think
about pranks I hope you enjoyed the
video give a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow man I'm up good bye
