hello listeners or below your
expectations welcome to episode 19 of
this wonderful podcast with myself must
but lang co host Matt viny hi Matt hello
at ladylee 1996 same think we've had you
before so hello is it easier to film
youtube videos every day or work a
nine-to-five job or what's a
nine-to-five job I think maybe they mean
just a regular career like 95 office job
maybe 95 office job yeah well I I've got
fifa I think yes easy to film is the
film videos every day easy to build
audience have creative ideas be popular
no not to surely that's very difficult
you can't just pick up a camera and then
overnight become a monk tube sensation
like it and work like that yeah because
I think it's so hard because in their
question is is it easier to film youtube
youtube videos every day then in 15
you're right like actually filming a
video it's not hard like it's not hard
to set a camera it's not hot creating
the content for it I was coming up the
idea for it of course that's hard what I
would argue is that when you're a
youtuber there's so much more of your it
is your light it becomes your life every
single day is your job but you can't
really switch off you can't really step
away you can't once you're there once
you're in the spotlight is like that's
it every single day get used to it if
you go through about if you go for a
breakup that's in front of your audience
everything you go for in life is in
front of millions of people and that's
what I would say is but if you're
listening now think of your personalized
pretty much every not everything but
like the big moments in your
personalized happen being witnessed by
millions of people and everyone putting
their own spin on things and Mike yeah
and obviously like this could be
different 9 25 janvier maybe you have to
face up to people we have to like if
you're working in retail or something
like that your deal with customers or
with that like so yes it is easier to do
youtube videos in actually filming them
yeah but I can testify from working with
you is that if you're a big youtuber
it's normally you should isn't you only
saying you but other things there as
well I was definitely say I've work
longer hours in working terms then
9-10 like 40 hours a week yeah yeah
because also like say you got to add up
the social things that Twitter and
snapchat Instagram all these different
it's weird because it's like people
would say oh when you're tweeting are
you working and it's like wool that's
true I don't I don't see it like that
all that snaps out I think snapchats
almost like daily vlogging I can see it
being like working technically I guess
yet because it's like you're engaging
with an audience but that's when it's
like how do you see it because I I see
that as I'm just doing that so I enjoy
it like I'm not waking up thinking I
need to snapchat this today I need to do
that all of the stuff around YouTube of
social media comes as kind of like
unless its brand specific content but
it's a very allies fascinating
fascinating question very difficult one
to answer definitively really isn't it
yeah it's also one of those ones that's
hard because it's like imagine comparing
an actor to a nine-to-five job is it's
like footballer 295 us all these things
is it's hard as well because a lot of
people in their heads have the
impression might if you would say a
footballer a lot of people OTT of people
would be like yeah best job in the world
they should kick a ball about but what
actually goes into that job is a lot
more than what unless you're in there or
know about you probably know what
realize i'm not going to start sending
footballers now but i am with you
there's probably a lot more to the eye
than we see ya being a footballer it's
just of something with a footballer it's
like same of your whole person like you
know you think how much you travel think
like a light especially if in the
Champions League it's kind of the Russia
in all this yeah football podcast yeah
late night of the weekend okay well
thanks so much for listening to episode
19 of low expectations leave nice review
we do genuinely read them on the itunes
store and share your thoughts on social
because we will follows also if you ever
want to use a hashtag use hashtag lower
your expectations as we can track the
easier yeah i hope you've enjoyed i mean
your host monster butler and matthew
Viney see you next week adios amigos
goodbye everyone bye
you
