hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
rogue how you doing today are you
feeling good yeah I'm feeling good I'm
feeling good because today is the first
day of hello world stuff together so you
guys know what hello world is hello
world is a live event that me and a
bunch of favorite youtubers are doing in
October end of October at the getting
Arena in Birmingham and things are sides
come together for it basically so today
is our first kind of pre filming day
we're doing a nice little filming video
clip that will be revealed and included
in the live show etc etc I should be
really fun and we're all going to be
back together like hanging out and just
messing about and stuff so that's why I
thought I'd vlog if you haven't got
tickets or you know aware of the event
yeah hopefully today will give you a bit
more insight into that and there are
links down there for you to go excellent
get your flaps out and wearing Maggie's
codes or too cold
if bipolar sir we're in a or any camp
with the hello world today yeah it was
this the camp event urine for yes we
actually it's not working you gentlemen
got the CEO is nice the influence that
Co sat there at the front we're free so
we're filming look seen this is my car
my car it's not actually my car and my
car is broken down so I'm on my way to
hello world
we got the camp van over here from the
other guys they're on their way to hello
well they see me broken down they're
gonna help help a brother out
I'm gonna hop in there with Jimbo and
the rest of the gang and leave my car
that's not actually my car
what is he doing it's not
again and we got the take didn't we
hang-ups he doesn't feel right you don't
have before I am actually I was watching
us which is Summer of Love one
okay
also look how much space ascending look
who's joining the game I like the color
of your hair Louise I didn't see him it
was so dark not funny
yeah Casper's left carrots this is
actually Casper's carrot you know my
currently all inside Queen I just AM fan
so I'm gonna do what's deserve to him
and throw his head is there another Kara
great short on great remember that's
your food that's what you get for
leaving food and son else's car to Cara
Jones driving our vows we've got a nice
clip of Tom's bum no one spanked it add
a touch touch the button touch someone
touch touch touch JS Bach
got the whole van to myself got the
whole banter so supplying Julien Alfie's
here bees not a bad poor old Joe has to
reverse this although I help here
every single time doing a solid job okay
let's go go go take two when I take ten
look at those clouds
beautiful isn't it I'm daily vlogging
now I'm a daily vlogger again every day
yeah every day bro yeah give me some of
that daily vlogging
not cool ducks I'm a daily vlogger
everything with that hello world flow go
Galloway apparently if you love to come
back do you think about the data's
coming back I never watched okay now
great cool Jim Jim's getting honest on
these guys just let my arms Joe directly
is that too much water
yeah
and now you're going oh it's closed
brilliant
Jimbo yes joy what hand oh you got
skills
I'm just saying we ever want to stop
YouTube
ah we'll get that one on the day don't
you are you back like that always goes
jump back on tom is a Stan in here and
his speedo is doing a shop at us because
sorry man but how'd you feel Tom nice
and warm so that rounds up a day with
the old gang with the helloworld gang
I've mentioned a link at the beginning
of the video waiting it tickets it's
hetero but it's gonna be a great show
so I hope you guys can come along I will
put a link in the top line of
description for ticket I hope you
enjoyed the video that it will blog give
it a thumbs up if you did and I will see
you guys soon with another video maybe
not tomorrow who knows I flip my arms
flip my arms flip my arms flip my arms
flip my arms flip my arms flip my arms
flip my arms
