hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
to my humble abode
today's video I thought I would read
through some of my insta DM I do this on
the regular when I'm when I'm bored I've
got some time to go I have a little
scroll through mints again and there's
sometimes some really funny things and
just sometimes some really sweet things
that you guys send me so let's have a
look
I don't really underlies I am silence to
increment by group chat I'm not involved
in any group chats but I forget I'm like
requested to be in a lot of group chats
boys rule me mean so horn awesome allah
our last two you happy valentines be
roses are red violets blue we're daily
satisfactions and we could satisfy you
wink face i feel like that's a sexual
satisfy so i'm not going to go into that
hi Marcus you you're probs not ever
gonna see this but when I was gonna
watch Beauty and the Beast in cinemas
I saw the advert you were in a car
remember it was for Zolo anyways my name
is Molly and I'm nine years old and I
love to watch your video so if you do
see this can you pretty please write
back because I need to show my little
brother because he is a big fan too news
8 oh that is so sweet and innocent and
then now sometimes swearing videos
that's the weird thing is like my
demographic the main bulk is 1824 but I
have like nine year olds that come up to
another high love your videos and I'm
like you're too cute to be watching my
videos hello Marcus I'm a big fan watch
most of your videos love them thank you
you've got a cool name vent aha sorry
I'm going to get awfully wrong then
Katie ship ship SRAM hello Thank You
Marcus for doing what you do every
single day I'm making so many other
people happy thank you for making me
laugh until my heart aches and making me
smile when it seems utterly impossible
impossible I love and appreciate you
well thank you very much for your sweet
message I love and appreciate you this
is what I feel like when I have messages
like that I feel like there's ever
down or turning it sad I can like chat
to a lot of people about it I've got you
guys down and kind of just not hang out
because there's a lot of you to hang out
with but read nice things my favorite
Instagram DM I ever received I wish had
a screenshot ear here here was coffee
and a shag question mark just that just
happy to see you thank you
hi Marcus are you still going out with
Emily think that is her name or not no
idea who Emily is never gone out of an
Emily I don't know who emily is so sorry
Eve hello can you speak English
yes I can oh this is a lot of highs hi
hi hi hello hey Marcus hi hello hi hey
hi hello hi hey Marcus how do you do
your hair so great I have no idea how to
do it with my hair I've actually done a
hair tutorial video on this channel and
few search it you'll find that it hasn't
changed much since then oh I only watch
it like once or twice a week and then
just style it like go and watch that
video because it will make a lot more
sense to me just sitting there talking
about how it possibly up those one of
the weirdest things can you please send
me a picture of your feet to be featured
on my page to smiley faces no I don't
want to send you a picture of my feet
thank you
you need to sleep Marcus just straight
up you need to sleep this is scaring me
a bit so the I don't know how far this
goes back oh this is weird
oh my god I don't know how I feel about
this taking screenshots of me and Alfie
when we did a video where we got wet
outside you doing something that we
can't see Marcus next picture you having
sex with the towel and then they zoomed
right in onto my knob and said when your
only ball has dropped oh please don't
block me or report me as I'm only having
fun with my favorite person in the world
when you smirk that you're at your small
Willie my friend said but please
remember don't block me I'll report I'm
just having fun when you dick is so wet
that it makes you laugh premium when you
said you had the perfect pair of nipples
so quite abused reading these own words
your sofa this is Amy how oh my god
you're so fat I really want to be as fit
as you look see are fit you are are not
being gay all
saying is you're fit so please don't
report me and it was my friend who said
you have a small dick not me this is too
many zoomed in peeks of my body please
Marcus reply I'm your biggest fan you
know when I said I wish I had your body
as your so set really close up of my
body is that your tan line oh yeah this
photo by the way I remember I post it
everyone was are always clearly having
some birds in like you straight turn
because those look at white years that's
just because I was on holiday and that's
where I wore my pop my swimming shorts
and caught the Sun I just want to say
you are really fit I'm not being gay I'm
just saying but please reply when you
see well this looks from this screen
shows they've got this list all for
having a good touching your dick are we
there Marcus see your bum at the bottom
low as opposed we my favorite is DM I've
ever read
doesn't the third guy look like you know
not at all I see absolutely no
resemblance there other than the fact we
are both male can you do a 48-hour
shout-out for me please
I mean I'm sorry I don't have 48 hours
to dedicate to you but here's a few
seconds so there you go hey Marcus just
listen to episode 17 in the podcast and
absolutely loved it the entire podcast
is just amazing always listen to it on
my way to uni must look pretty stupid
when I'm in the bus or on one by camara
me start laughing out loud keep it up
greetings from Germany thank you very
much that's a cool doubt if you guys to
go to the podcast if you haven't because
you might laugh on your way to Union
there we go that is me reading through
some of my insta dm's
you can go follow me if you're not
already following me at marks Butler and
other than I give video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with another one goodbye
