the lighting like Sun we've got so much
better when woke up to start filming in
here trying to like sort the Lila knee
because I don't have lights with me was
really stressful because I'm jet-lagged
woke up at 3 a.m. and then 5 a.m. for
the Sun came up I was like are there no
about filming you're done hanging do it
and now it's amazing it's literally like
I've got light so thank you so I have
done a lot of merchandise before I had
managed eyes I don't currently have any
merchandise but I've done a bunch of
things from when I'm very first ever did
it back in the day and then five years
ago just had a couple of t-shirts which
was kind of like really cool let's see
if I can find actually yeah this is my
first ever merchandise there that
t-shirt has been that in that color and
also great Wow like the soldier is the
great one bad quality but you see what
you can see what it was and then I went
on to doing a whole rebrand of March and
I don't know I I did it for a year I
really enjoyed stuff I did back then but
it's like three years ago and but it
hoodies hear someone modeling the hoodie
come back who's also in Game of Thrones
as an extra is my little face in the
t-shirt certain yet picture here and now
I did some cushion as me you some
cushions which again was cool so yeah I
have had much I don't have any right now
I don't know if I'm going to do any much
I don't know if people would even want
match so yeah I don't that's why I don't
have any more but what there is out on
market is a lot of fake match so I
thought I'd go through and have a look
at it and see what people think is
official merchandise also don't buy any
this I'm going to hide everything so you
guys want bike you shouldn't be buying
illegal merchandise these people are
using my face and name to make money so
illegal
alright here we go what we got up Marcus
but the plain cake never to be fair I
quite like that the orange is cool I
mean they've taken my old logo but yeah
I mean you can't do that guys but I
always got four out of five reviews so
that's cool whoever buys been buying
those now uh
there's also a mrs. Butler phone key so
that's that's what five out of five that
one not sure who's got those so guys
it's not me is utter no it's weird I've
never seen this so it's weird me to see
that someone has actually gone and
bought that single taken mentally dates
Marcus Piper nine pounds they're selling
out some nine pounds that probably cost
them certain P to make it's got two
people watching it right now right now
two people watching that come on guys
don't be buying yourself that ebay
worlds we got here handmade handmade
Marcus Butler picture slash painting
that's cool that looks like someone's
made that just like as a hobby almost
not that there's more than one that's
available if you know I mean someone has
made this original a for hand-painted
mask about our work it's an original
painting is done by myself request
that's so cool like that unlike yet
go ahead sell that I think it's cool
smile shirt worn by Marcus Butler Alfie
deyes tylo bleed
Joe sugg Troy that's a lie I've never
worn that tissue in my life and ever
seen that t-shirt you takin the logo I
made from my beanies and put it on a
t-shirt yeah I'm sorry
32 people watching that guys this is not
cool like please don't buy that because
none of us have worn that none of us
have ever worn a t-shirt oh man these
people I think what they've said by warm
wise I mean that we wear that t-shirt
again we don't none of us have worn that
Marcus Butler cardboard cutout life-size
or mini size 15 pounds
how big is how big is that six foot
actually six foot oh my god April HTC
what like genre drama love not love how
they show you how it comes as well look
all it's funny I've already never see my
god they've got all those people there
it's a whole company that just does that
well I would like a cup Kovac I love
myself so I can wake up and first thing
I see myself at end of my bed Marcus
Butler backpack twin Oh God who's
getting that you do not want to be
walking around at school I mean that
just looked awfully made it looks I saw
but it doesn't even match up at the
bottom that is that's not cool whoever's
whose whose means that 10 available
brilliant by people allowed to do this I
don't know if people are allowed to do
that pretty sure you have to get the
right to do this so yes you're using my
right towards up in a bit be used almost
so I imagine if you were to go on a site
and you see someone selling stuff with
your face on it what can you do though
Marcus Butler pencil case I think this
is the same people again and they've
written Marcus next five available this
one does that mean they've sold some or
look at that as a variation on that one
I just you prefer that one a bit based
at the screenshot from a video how have
they done that that's from a video
there's a lot of people trying to sell
my signed books on eBay although we
really came to my book book launches
they're like book launches to my book
fine good they're my book signings I've
got a signed copy in there like yeah
read that sell it and that rounds up
some of the fake merchandise out there
please no going by any of that just
because it's not legit much that's what
we can say by that so yeah don't do that
and maybe they'll be merch at some point
in the future maybe they won't who knows
it's hard to say what would you guys
like would you like any or would you no
I I don't even know why you enjoyed this
video I feel a bit abused myself over
these and I proceeded tomorrow number
one all right if I eat
