hello hi
Oh how's a gay its first in the thing
first there's always a 10 if you're
wondering first of all while I'm hot and
sweaty if you follow me on in this one
you realize I just open this door
I literally just finished a run with
Nike or Nike just finished a run
nice 6k run which is nice and hot yeah
you can see
yeah they cared me out in night stuff
which is cool but yeah I'm in and I'm in
LA at the moment and I thought I'd show
you the house because yeah I'm staying
in a really cool area that I like and I
know you guys are into that hey don't
hate on the Hat that's cool just pure
black and then it just got a few flowers
on the side I think that's cool but yeah
you guys have to excuse me for the color
of my cheeks being a bit tomatoey how
you guys do it so I'm gonna hang out
with you for a bit and show you the
house and stuff it's a really cute
little house what time is it in the UK
actually is it like the five o'clock to
five o'clock where you guys are you have
tomorrow as long as you guys can excuse
me for the red face that's fine
you like the colour of my cheeks really
do you have red Thanks it's gone all up
here up here all under here I just I'm
just a red blob it's a big red blob okay
so it's half five there are five at five
five five cool so that house
this is it you come in got a camera
there has been filming we got a table
over there
sofa we've had to sort of move the house
around a bit because of filming so where
I've been filming we were filming over
here
but this TV was against there so I've
been watching some stuff and yeah it's a
cute little living room which I'll show
you Matt's room Matt's room Matt's
clothes lovely
oh all right okay
wherever you just been just on your room
ain't mine saying that we've got a cute
little kitchen shave up some bananas so
one one the fruit protein shakes been
having there's not much in the fridge at
all there's some apples and water and
some Greek yogurt some clothes on there
we've got this sort of weird back door
here we haven't gone out there cuz it's
like this weird alleyway dunno it's a
bit freaky so not too sure on that
cooker you guys like wow look at all
that food yeah and like I said you come
through here got the bar from
smells a bit in there wonder why don't
really wanna go ahead often that's just
being in here and then in here is my
room also very massive massive it's not
that messing the beds just now there is
a fly can you guys see that
so yeah that's um that's a little little
tall I already have not much to show you
some apples water and oh my legs have
seized up because of the run like I said
just around 6 K and I don't really run
that much I used to run but I don't
haven't run that much recently so 6 KS a
lot and my sunburn I don't think so but
maybe because we were just running in
the Sun it was so so nice so I was like
uh how far we run he's like 3 K I was
like oh halfway ah and for that moment I
just thought the whole time like how
much forever was around how and every
step I started counting like this is 10
steps this is 20 set that's probably 100
meters and yeah no good
but yeah um how crazy was yesterday in
London what an awful thing I feel like
it's been waiting to kind of happen in
London that everyone's been you know
been on high alert for so long and we
were we were cut because we're seven
hours behind here we woke up and were
just like what the hell is happening as
it was going on
so as we woke up it was like going on
and it was all unfolding and it's just
just crazy it's mental it's not also I
live in London and so to think it I
don't know you sometimes you wake up and
there's all this crazy stuff happening
around the world and you're like this is
awful obviously it's terrible but when
something happens in like the town you
live more not town but city living it's
like there's nothing it feels like
there's nothing that could be done it's
just awful
so yeah really sad but because the doors
just opened that guys the door just
opened so oh yeah so people just keep
walking past and staring at me
but yeah pray for London
also my face is going down what was your
face red but yeah we are only here in LA
this is crazy I came to LA on Monday and
we were flying home tomorrow already so
we're not here for long and it's gone so
far there might I'm not sure guys on a
main Channel video this week oh don't
say back back connection please don't do
that
Oh am I still here can you guys see me
it just says bad connection so done if
you guys can still see me I'm just
seeing a lot of highs right now Oh Drake
loved that it's not bad it's fine okay
cool I'll just carry on talking listen
to Drake
nope I reckon Biebs listens to Biebs
yeah
in fact I've heard he does okay
connections fine um yeah so traveling
he's been a bit mental recently I was
then I was on a ski trip with Jim and
all the boys which was booked a year and
a half ago so that was like nice to do
that then came back had literally 12
less than 12 hours in my house and then
we came to LA and then we get back from
LA have one day and then going on a
branded ski trip and then coming back to
LA so yeah it's quite full on are you
looking forward to getting in a soluble
we're gonna go get in a soluble yeah
people are saying where did I get the
Hat from this is a man called el mdn
it's a really cool brand and I think
it's London but they send me stuff and
this is one that
seeing a lot mentions about Stephie in
this chat lagging but oh yeah so that's
what it's gonna say is a sorry that I'm
not sure if there'll be a main channel
video this week just because we were
planning to film out here but there's
other stuff where work other things
we're working on that a really really
exciting but it takes up a lot of time
so yeah basically we'll see what happens
and also we are recording a podcast out
here which is gonna be cool
it's paused everyone's light is stopped
it's logged I think your comments are
like a minute or two minutes behind I'm
bored your normal videos are better yeah
people always say this there is come
here like this isn't funny this is just
hanging out it's not like a proper video
you can't hear me can't see oh yeah
that's funny
talk about Bieber
I'm very hungry yes I know as I'm saying
I don't know if I'm bad I always go red
when I do sport but I don't know if I'm
now burnt and red so we'll see but yeah
I just wanted to hang out with you guys
quickly so thought I'd say hi show you
the hair and show you hair show you the
house
cue the house and yeah you guys will see
some videos from air and stuff on the
channel in the next few days anyway so
I'm gonna go we're gonna go get an acai
bowl and I'll see you guys soon good bye
