hello hello hello hello welcome back to
the continuation of la videos like says
videos are going to be from this
location the forseeable no I'm only here
sir really like five days so yeah
depends how many I'll end up filming
here but welcome to a video that could
expose me in the sense that we're going
to find out if trendy healthy food it's
just like made up or if it's actually a
same I have a healthy subscription black
box as a business called source box
you guys have humidity videos about
before so yeah we send monthly snacks in
a box the beef subscribe to across
Europe every single month so you know
and I live a healthy lifestyle so you
would like to think that I've know the
answer to this and I actually though or
I'm gonna get wrong no I mean we'll see
find out is this a trendy health food or
did I just make it up activated quinoa
that's real see straight in I know the
answers for that activate it is a big
thing it's when it's kind of like still
growing also sprouted sprouts it is
another one we a yellow activated
almonds activated a lot of things yeah
there you go activate grains on us you
basically just soak them in water with a
little bit acid which makes it better
for your suggestion Tiger nut flour
that's real tiger nut well actually I've
never heard of hiding that flour I had
no time nuts we've had them in sore spot
and I actually not as well actually a
vegetable but I'm not out of flour I
think it's real though oh yeah boom I
hear you murmuring to yourself well I'm
glad you are it's not actually enough
but a small root thank you thank you
sorry can we will just accept my
incredible intelligence with healthy
foods for a seventy Oh some flour powder
so it's a tricky one because my media so
is sunflower oil without you but some
flower seeds sometimes happen it's a
fake yeah well it sounds like a trendy
addition to your slightly bowls or
greens mousse is not really thing at
charcoal juice 100% real childhood juice
is actually great it this is not me
reading this so I think it is anyway
it's great for like apparently it
absorbs toxins in your body so if you're
drinking it it kind of like sucks the
top things toxins into your body
or so it says it's a struggle it's
really a great detoxify also makes you
look like a helpless winning Instagram
yourself drink and impossible yeah it's
also great I think it's pretty good
people drink about now hungover because
it helps carry these toxins quicker past
net milk yo I've not heard of that I
don't think that's a thing if it is it's
not like a nice thing fake
well there are a lot of interesting
things out there being tarnish their
free milk there's positive things not
been powdered crickets 100% real IV in
them this is what's trying to become a
health trend is insect and people around
the world in other countries already eat
them but they try to make it a thing
here and if you guys plan on organic or
Whole Foods you will find flavored
insects like cricket mealworm life even
scorpions is weird I think it's weird
anyway I know around the world some
people is a normal see those but it just
I'm looking at it and it makes me feel
funny but it shivers down my spine my
sees little cricket in a box and but
I've had them I even did a video about
be on it but it's just a bit odd but the
reason there is that very high in
protein so they're very high in protein
and pretty much little else like the
dirac of zero fats in them so that's why
they're like suppose the big of you Ross
red salmon well that's impossible isn't
it seen with salmon comes from the sea
and grassland grown seeds so peak algae
oil woo haven't heard of this and you
fake far first one Romans really
annoying me okay but I found out that is
a real thing Al Gore's very nutrient
dense I can be using cooking or taking a
supplement
didn't know that powder fish scales now
that fake what powdered fish scale
outside no it is the real thing
fish scales rich in amino acid and well
you sprouted dandelion are fake
well danglin I did a little yellow flat
no ways down run yellow fat down the
line almond good or they both the same
flower a different hot ones I'm
fermented goji berries fermented is a
thing
can you ferment fruit yes you can
so a lot of time you get fermented
vegetables which sounds ranked amended
as literally when it's gone past its
like normal shelf life but the nutrients
become more dense and rich I think once
it's complimented so cemented goji
berries I think could be real thought
Mendes foods like and kombucha are
really great you've got the ocean but no
an ostrich mint and goji berries yet
there we go but cemented root vegetables
them so shit PU fake it's real though
way you know that grow so likely that
comes out of town of chickpeas when you
drain it that's called
aquafaba and the popular egg replacement
in recipes due to its similar texture
who would have known that you got 8 out
12 right I would like to I think that's
pretty good I'm happy with myself I
don't know if you guys are into your
health and fitness I know the probably
Sony there are at least some of you
would have learned some new healthy
things from this video anyway so that's
something about it's everyone's become a
bit more educated so yeah I hope you
enjoyed this video give a thumbs up if
you did and I will see you guys tomorrow
with another one goodbye
