hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
me welcome back knee to the channel is
being I've been away for a few days I
was snowboarding and hadn't filmed any
stuff I was trying to do a live video
every day whilst those their pages it
just didn't happen so apologies and I'm
now in Los Angeles
LA so I literally came back from
snowboarding and straight to LA here for
a few days to work so there's going to
be quite a lot videos coming out from LA
main channel and this channel so I hope
you guys are ready for that we were
using natural rights in so you guys know
how to do that but right now I can do
it's quite good
Miller la reine is now la is meant to
have four days of rain a year but it's
cold and raining so baby feels like I'm
in London anyway I am going to continue
series you guys really liked it I'll go
through my phone and expose in I say
exposing just sharing some photos so you
may have never know you definitely might
have ever seen before
because I don't know what I'm on a plane
I always do a special film with alpha me
and after that we did it when we through
the other we go through your phone
because it's so many old pictures
together and we show each other all the
funny pictures we've got and on the
flight back we kind of had a bit of a
moment we're like it's actually kind of
amazing to think of how many things
we've done together in since starting
YouTube and we're just a bit like our
this is really nice and yeah it was a
got a bit like nostalgia for most
so did I suppose this picture of me and
Joey Graceffa that when Joey came to
Brighton hangout and me Joey and Zoe me
Joey and Zoey went to this little Food
Festival on the seafront and we had some
pins as you can see that this is a very
sweaty market after a workout I look so
young when I don't have a beard oh my
god oh okay I've never played on
anything eyes do that press this picture
this picture is me and my cousins and my
auntie with their dog and they put is
really funny it was my mum's a twin so
it's their birthday so we went for like
a breakfast tea or something
and they I don't know why they did it
they custom made t-shirts if you zoom in
and look
Teesha they printed out picture of me
and came into the restaurant even with
the dolls the condos back start them all
on the dog and walked in session like
hello hi Marcus I was like oh cool guys
thanks for inviting me like one effort
for them to do that ah look so I don't
own many suits
I didn't even own a suit and I was like
I started going to like those events and
things running to suit I should get a
suit so I was like ok I know nothing
about to even I'll work the next for a
year who should I take with me Oh Jim
knows about this Jim let's go suit
shopping and this was me trying on a
suit and there's Jim taking a picture of
me
bees over there that was in Burberry and
that was my first - I still have that -
but this is when if you look at my face
you can see this is when I got super
super skinny when I was way too into my
diet and it was like way OTT so got this
suit but doesn't fit me anymore
because I'm bigger not yeah I'm like
much more muscly now so you see and then
this picture remember was that this is
May 2014 me and Joe were going on a
night out I think I was going to a night
out with like my son my best man so at
school with and Joe to some reason I was
talking to Joan I was like yeah just
come out as well so me and Joe ended up
going out I think we got quite drunk
well you can look look look at the way
I'm looking at Joe I'm gonna eat him
enjoy doing very funny
oh my god look at the next one Oh God
look at the size of theses I'm very
sweaty as well as if I've been dancing
for ages this is when I was in Norwich
with Jim and Tom and Joe came and we all
filmed the video I think so yeah that
was up in Norwich High Street again
don't think post anywhere so there you
go picture of us through oh saved in my
phone is a cheeky screenshot Zac Ephron
body because I was like that's what I
want to look like wow look at this
picture that was when I did like a
YouTube tour thin and did some live
stuff and being that picture speak so
it's just crazy to think we've got all
the people around everyone back
I'm just loving life I'm so happy to be
touched
I'll freeze going to hate this Christmas
but on that same trip we did some
torches up in New York and we went we
had those really cute mouth we day we
went up the want the Eiffel Tower at the
Empire State and then we ended up taking
really stupid pictures lasers what we
did live it was really funny to get my
top upload one why we thought this is
fine as an a but show you the the
different locations this little mountain
gate so in from there so then this
picture which everyone was like oh my
god this is like the fault in the stars
cover - then try on hats this is all in
one day - I said and then then we ended
up in Grand Central Station looking at
each other we literally look like a
couple here and none of these pictures
were posted so that was my little mousey
date in New York
this picture was at VidCon so one of the
VidCon and I just had like a new haircut
like I've had it much shorter than I've
ever had it before I remember everyone
being like wow bring out your haircut so
I was like oh I need to take a picture
of this so that next time I go I can be
like yet like this and that was it and
now we've got VidCon ah that VidCon was
so much fun
again don't think I ever did anything
with these so upside down picture of me
Joe and Alfie and we're about to do
thing on stage we were just hanging out
and same as this I mean I look like an
alien in this picture but it's just
showcase about you've limited it to like
an alien because it was one of the
pattern arm ones and you know and that
if you move it makes you look with funny
I love when I go to conventions doing
Q&A because I feel like me ups are great
to meet the people watching videos like
you guys but I feel like at Q&A is I can
really properly interact with you and
answer questions whenever I do them a
lot of places like oh you're only now
fit pass now and I try I want to do in
prism of the account because they're my
favorite things to do
interaction much of you guys this was
called it is like behind the scene of my
Nana's Seventeen magazine shoot me and
Zoe did it and this was like first time
I'd ever done a proper photo shoot I
mean I'm looking now hater hate the
clothes they styled me and because they
want they they literally like we need to
make you it like a cute bug boy and
stuff and that's what they try to do the
hair but that was the first time I'd
ever done shoot and I was at lunch
really nervous for it love this picture
this is at one of the conventions and
all the parties always have the you know
like the boots way photo booths and main
caps just went in and closed the
pictures and this is when I got buried
in the sand I don't know who that who
did that I don't know where that is but
I've got a pair of boobs and also a dick
made out of sand so this was a shopping
trip with Troy and the found horse's
head or in your unicorn head and in
Urban Outfitters and he took the picture
of me so then I'm going to leave that
there because that's kind of finished
that la trip finished backstage and as I
obviously like said I've got 18,000
photos and we're quite near the top so
we can carry on going if you guys want
me to show you more photos it's not even
showing like I'm like all you need to
see these it's just nice to share like
when I look through am i oh that's such
a nice memory to have and to look back
on so if you guys on the team or give
the video a thumbs up and let me know
otherwise obviously tomorrow with
another video all right never guys
goodbye
