oh I'm live ah
bring it down bring it down hello so so
guys I'm slow regions white chocolate
braid drops I hope you can hear me yeah
guys snow one of Jim stag to mine so two
years ago three I think three years ago
and we kind of just kept the group going
and the same people that went on that
trip and now on this trip -
I'm just a switch on a chair if I could
lose my phone it also says bad
connection so I'm gonna try this thing
hello it's gonna we're gonna try staying
well I'm doing a live video everyday
whilst I'm away on this channel to be
honest I don't know walking up to in NC
days whenever I'm doing saying fun I'm
gonna livestream and bad connection is
lagging sorry I'm in him in the mountain
guys which I expect but if you watch my
snapchat you've just seen I was lost
literally Leon was behind me so I ended
up loss
Alfie Josh josh Josh josh is gonna be on
our left and he got stuck in the thing I
know so Josh just absolutely got stuck
so yeah sorry the connections bad guys
like I said I'm in the mountain deal
with it why is Alfie not talking Alfie's
not on this lift
I love you I'm sure and I love you too
so yeah I'm not just for you guys
I'm live streaming that's what healthy
things use Justin Bieber
fun fact fun fact this exact place we
are here I'm going to show you down here
we were on this we came to Germany so in
Germany in France we came to this exact
location a couple years ago
we're on a ski lift what does dickhead
Leon do over there drops his glove on
this chairlift so I was like alright
mate I'll get it for you don't worry
just fix no right so I snowboard down
there with a guide go to get his glove
and why not basically getting stuck in
six myths no I had to have a hike for
about ten minutes get out of it just to
get Leonce Club also guys I should
probably tell you the chair lifts coming
up so everything out 360 I won't be able
to hold do you want to see me try 180
that's a cm try 540 no do you want me to
see me try 180 on my livestream of
course of course everyone's like do it
do it yes you need to scoff what if it's
boiling guys it's so yeah everyone's
just like yeah guys this is gonna be
really funny that the chairlift is
literally coming up here
I've got gloves in one hand like a phone
in the other I haven't even got I
haven't even got goggles on oh this is a
bad idea isn't it oh it's a stir guys
guys this this could go out oh this oh
this is a bad idea I mean oh my god he's
done it he's done it he's absolutely box
that certainly where we go boys guys
this is alright here we go
Joe I'm gonna do it this is so cool I
cannot honestly I'm like buzzing that I
can live stream so I'm gonna put you
there
please stay put my gloves on board on so
you know it would be really bad luck if
someone gets off the lift and just rides
over my board I don't even know if this
is entertaining for you guys some of you
might be like what you did don't hit my
phone Josh here's Josh here's Josh you
just got snow all over my phone cheers
mate right gonna pick you guys up this
is a really bad idea yeah but you know
I'm a pro let's go see leo sorry if it's
all over the place I've never tried this
okay who wants to film their lil monster
feel me
oh hey I didn't see them so hopefully
this is entertaining does someone want
to film for a bit from but holding it
this could go very wrong guys this good
very wrong oh it's just four oh that's
that he's just farted it's really nice I
want you to be I want to be able to like
show you guys stuff but huh
but it's you can hold it like that
you could die whilst livestreaming hey
well at least we'll get the views right
Josh jerk and you can fill me with
whilst livestream and jerk and you can
film me whilst live-streaming yeah have
you got that in the locker yeah behind
me
it's Jim
hope I don't lose your bird which ways
that are the cameras social I don't go
to fun
oh yeah do you want me to go doing it go
get up front on view are nice game for
it gang for the young boy all the way
from rights and agenda the gymnast okay
okay
wanna be snowboarder oh my god guys that
was intense
now no I need put my glove on and now
everyone's left me damn you have some
skills oh okay I'm gonna try and catch
up with everyone like this wish me luck
I'm sorry if it's a bit bit rubbish food
I'll do my best okay if I fall I am gone
poor guys I am gone for
I mean all right don't tell on you on
this guy's I am the fastest in the group
though so I can catch them up Laurie see
Jimbo
this sound might be weird as well
go slap get off the bus
we're chasing them we're chasing him
here we go
I mean I nearly made him pull that don't
drop guys I'm not sure I'm not dropping
sorry is this boring or is this quite
cool I thought it was something I've
never tried before also should I keep
the camera on me or turn the camera so
tell me what I should do
I thought rush hour I want to eat you
ask now I'm good you're our make us for
sure turn the cam to turn the cam I'll
turn the cam
crown okay go get the glove back on now
to sex all right this is gonna be
interesting
so bear with me let's go
