yo with squaw in people hello
I well much the channel let you know a
little secret right when I film at night
when it's like dark outside I look ill I
don't know like because I don't know the
lighting sucks when so I just watched my
warmth up on my life to make me look
less else oh hi I'm not ill it just
looks I'm also a bit hot anyway
welcome to the video today we're going
to be watching youtubers first videos
the youtuber in particular we're going
to start with is Liza
now I literally think she's hilarious
think her videos great and where she's
like coming from I didn't used to really
watch mine so I think she came from mine
but the fact that she just kind of
killing YouTube so I came to YouTube not
even that long ago long and I watch a
first video probably not even going to
seem different and the fact she was just
absolutely smashing it here we go so I
think perfer her first video is sup
unlike the little brown girl okay yes
it's a good intro 3 million views how
long is 8th of July - yeah - approaching
2 years she's been on YouTube when does
I found Liza how did I find her I think
I found her through David so i found
david david dobrik vlogs which i
literally love things are amazing you
guys check amount of you don't watch
more ready and it his girlfriend so I
just naturally kind of channel through
him and she's funny okay
never done this before youtubers have
cool interest Liza do something cool up
she's just not sure that naturally funny
person hey you know I should my name is
Liza and welcome to my youtube why
should go and that's what you would have
seen had to spend a six-second vine my
friends hey so she was big on vine you
can do watching animal videos for hours
and somehow you'll get led back to a
jenna Marbles video just bound to happen
at a magazine today I saw the video two
minds me of Jenna mom was like my Jenna
my was blew up she reminds me of that
very soul like a modern jenna Marbles
here's a picture of me try not to put my
pants at play with lag when I met my ID
on general I'm literally trying so hard
to keep the poop from flying out of my
pants
Liza share the exact same stories who
loves jenna Marbles is huge inspiration
for me I also met her at a convention
you
like you were meant to be there the
convention on that well the thing I met
her at was one of the parties at the
conventions I snuck in because I wasn't
even in YouTube then I was all I was but
I wasn't like it wasn't my job so I
didn't have a big following and I didn't
get let into these parties because I
bought a ticket to go to the convention
us on transact could you just set up for
me getting G though oh so just
party
so jennamarbles was like I need to
get a picture of you because you're my
idol got a picture of her mine looks
much worse than your one though because
there's so much going on big wide world
of YouTube I'm real and freaking anxious
become scared she's like really good
with facial expressions of help she's
great I like playing people around the
room that wasn't weird at all
haha stop it boy she done here is my
introduction video and let's get to know
each other man tell me about you come on
I want to know what how old you are
where you're born a lot of you guys know
me from my vine oh no you guys mine was
here intrumental ski inspiration let's
talk about it
welcome to the YouTube channel of a
little brown girl sir welcome sweating
makes my radiator this is my first
youtube video ever I want to tell you
about a little bit about me going on
it's a very long intro that's a long-ass
a lighter three minutes in we tell you
guys a little bit about myself
you guys are so awesome to support me
and my weird self or my weird six second
videos on vine would have loved to know
how many photo she had on vine before
YouTube I mean you guys probably know oh
my god it's a big boat oh my god it's
just out of my face okay sorry what
wanyan penis cream oh my gosh seriously
only have like three airs on my end I
really did read point out she's weird
like that's good one thing you should
know about me is that this is my youtube
channel
no really is it there's a bunch of stuff
that me doing on here had a shopping
addiction so many be doing shopping on
shopping hoes no way on up so I'm
literally sweating that's my radio -
guys can we can calm down anybody said I
might be doing on you girl you never
know what to expect
you never know you never know what this
little brown girl Maya Duke she said I'm
a little brown girl 15 times now I am
actually five be tall oh oh because I
got a white mama
you know now white chocolate and then I
have an Indian father yet Indiana's in
from India I understand how sex work
this white chocolate mr. Jack Jack a
nice table sir oh my okay I get that I
get it
milk chocolate I can't complain because
my first video is horrific I'm a milk
chocolate you want a hmm oh that tastes
salty this is so random look my name is
Liza hey there to be fair I have a
confession I think I could you Lisa for
a long time sorry don't hate me soul
mate like I'm sorry nice melons well
guys another thing people should know
about me or I think people should know
about me is that I did Oh she dances
what kind of style whip ha ha ha no
watch me nae nae please don't do that I
was actually one a the lieutenant
captain of my drill team a lieutenant
lieutenant yes I was a dancer he stood
on stood on I loved it i choreographed
and ideas non-step show a Thompson I am
actually a regular attendee and member
of liquid shirt breaking out into
Christianity thank you so much for
coming and visiting my page paralyzer
lovely yang to know you felt like I've
learned more that much about you since
watching that video but like I said I
watch your videos now anyway so kind out
about you I'm annoyed she doesn't have
an embarrassing video like maybe she'll
go back of that I think all like oh
that's horrible or something horrific
Mukherjee for her but I'm looking at
nothing in such a solid first youtube
video when you look at the rest of us
YouTube dinosaurs who have been on
YouTube for a long time authors videos
are disgusting
so don't go watch mine anyway give this
video a thumbs we've enjoyed it and I
was he's movin of them right
