boy less Knar too much did it did to
dead yeah
hello beautiful sexy people with
flashing red battery that's annoying
because don't lie stop lying to me
please don't be annoying cambios channel
battery dad just gonna risk it would you
risk it for a chocolate biscuit am I
better at grammar then President Trump
basically the the king of the world am I
better at grammar than him this by now
is he is he notoriety known for a
terrible grandma definitely bad hair in
him they have not unless might lie about
that number one if an English teacher
were deducting a letter grade for every
error in this tweet how would trump do
thank you to Eli Lake of the Bloomberg
view the NSA and FBI should not
interfere in our politics and and is
very serious situation for USA what
politics and is very serious situation
for you right let me let me figure this
one out hang on I mean I'm a bit
confused with however things written but
I I can't actually you know see no F
yeah I was setting I was getting to that
point but bike
what the is what's he doing like
what's he on why would a grand Marien in
particular described this as a terrible
tweet my daughter Ivanka has been
treated so unfairly by at Nordstrom she
is a great person - - always pushing me
to do the right thing
it's make smart terrible shout out in
the hood storm this doesn't really go
with the first bit upset cross often boy
like she's been treated unfairly by Nord
so on okay cool she's a great person
always pushing me to do the right thing
great that's that's great what's that
got to do with Lord still the two dashes
earrings names should be set off in
commerce phrasing offers to contradict
yeah that's why I'm going with a the
second person is representing the
suggestion that doing the right thing is
then emphatically terrible well I mean
I'm no
grammar police here which keyboard keys
would you use to correct this tweet
don't believe the main stream well it's
not two separate words it's one word
mainstream fake news media the White
House is running very well I inherited a
mess and I'm in the process of fixing it
actually is mainstream is one more okay
cool
I was like always when it comes to like
English or grammar and I'm always like
yeah I know this is that and then I was
second questioner
oh yeah there's needs to be a space
space bar and delete sorry me a
mainstream doesn't use space and
obviously one needs to follow the period
they're so funny Americans call it
periods and everyone calls it
differently like Steph he calls it point
I'm like ah that's cute
odd is full stop I think out those
period is kind of full stop make sense
is that you've come into a stop point is
cute because it's like a little point
period come to the end of the period it
how many punctuation marks are used
incorrectly in this tweet the threat
from radical Islamic terrorism is very
real just look at what is happening in
Europe and the Middle East
courts must act fast how many
punctuation marks are used incorrectly
maybe one to middle east of middle ooh
yeah Marcus which of the
following edits fixes the grammar errors
in this tweet congratulations Stephen
what is he with his dashes on
representing me this morning on the
various Sunday morning shows great job
well sorry I'm clearly not very good am
i we're actually at least I'm not
president it just needs to learn how to
tweet like can someone just teach him
how to tweet six after swallowing a
stiff drink how would a grammarian
reverse revise this tweet within 140
character combines of Twitter when a
country is no longer able to say who can
and who cannot come in and out
especially for reasons of safety oh
Michael that is all that is awful I'm
sorry I don't like these dashes I'm
get rid of the dashes please a country
that is no longer able to say who can
and who cannot come in and out is in big
trouble
especially oh we need the dashes
especially for reasons of safety and
security
oh no number three a boom boom boom boom
boom coming for you dumb Trump Donald
Trump I'm Trump in on you Trump a what's
the name of the grammatical error in
this screamy sentence see you in court
the security of our nation is at stake
comma I don't know what a modifier is
see you in court
I mean I'll probably have an exclamation
mark off to see you in cool I don't know
what I don't know what okay I'm gonna be
honest here guys I don't know what
run-on sentence means I don't know what
sentence fragment means I'm thick run-on
sentence no God hmm I did say the comma
but I just thought it was one of the
other funny sounding things which of the
following would an English teacher
accept as an appropriate revision of
this tweet while the lawyers looking at
and using the federal court decision in
Boston which is at conflict with
ridiculous lift ban decision
Bama announced with the one-week knows
the bad with brush into a country a lot
of bad dudes out there
the ban was announced with the one-week
notice the bad would rush hammer
announced with the long it noticed bad
with Russian no answer in that week a
lot of bad deeds
I've getting to know cool who cares
number 11 POTUS did not follow any
conventional standards for this update
which the following options is
acceptable January 20 2017 will be
remembered as the day the people became
rulers of this nation again it's hard
because it's like I don't know I'm
getting confused but it's when I'm
reading them it just sounds funny it
just sounds like a four year olds ran
out okay more than a four year old a 10
year old oh I think click anything what
the freaking trackpad not are you gonna
believe me I was actually gonna click
four but my trap rabbits like
Nami how many errors are there in this
infinitely a tweet I'm I mean honored to
serve you
the great American people as your 45th
President of the United States
he is good like the anti islands you
have no idea I mean shouldn't we the
United States of America
so does that count I don't know Zack has
one or has that has two mistakes and
obviously honored on essay 3a which of
the following changes would correct them
on stret of this video stressing me out
I hate stuff like this why I decide to
this video which of the following
changes would correct the punctuation
and or grammar errors in this tweet
we're ignoring the interjection bar
honestly like I don't care what does
interjection
hate words give the public a break the
fake news media honestly I'm just
guessing oh no what shame in this sweet
Trump misquote to the New York Times
whose article reads mr. X I had not
spoken to mr. failing near times does
major heat news China story say oh this
is a very honest video because I've said
I'm I literally don't know okay
past perfect tense peridot alaric pearl
it's calling say the word dinner what it
means subject subjunctive mood than what
it means subject verb agreement don't
really know that means oh dear
honesty I how I got a B in English I
don't know like I'm good I'm like I can
write like writing stuff I'm quite good
at knowing what terminology is in
English language like what so I'm trying
to learn German at planet don't blow it
ace I'm trying to German at the moment
hi you don't even know English you know
Charlie in German and it's like when I
show you this cuz I've got a little ramp
in don't know if it's because I'm simple
when it comes to English divers couldn't
learn it at school I really struggle
with knowing like what an article is or
like obviously not a verb is not I can't
explain myself is it I'm getting very
stressed on battery died I do have a
really good point I just can't get it
out and that's quite frustrating but you
know I'm just gonna accept my flaws my
flaws are I don't know I don't have good
english grammar
that's my flaws we're gonna end the
video I'm better than Donald Trump
always will be probably actually very
similar on the same level of
grammatical mistakes anyway this this is
the weirdest video ok see tomorrow bye
