talk us through your first experience of
VidCon the first time I went to VidCon
was I want to say 2012 and the first
moment there I had 10,000 subscribers
and I went as a kind of fan I was still
in a full-time job and it was me
Alfie Jack and Finn Louie Sam we used to
be like this little group and we'd all
hang out and it was really exciting
because we'd all kind of just started
youtubing it's like wow VidCon is gonna
be so cool
that's really nice that you could share
that experience I was a dude it was
amazing honestly it was kind of cool
because Louie's bit orders he hired this
big van a huge van and we'd like going
to VidCon as a guess I'm walking around
and I was so inspired as it's amazing
I'm seeing all these youtubers maybe
like two people recognize me and then
we'd go into our van and we like drove
down to Mexico so knew he's insured to
drive I'm like 20 at this age you drive
down to Mexico and go into Mexico
Tijuana and we're like what should we do
there's Jack and Finn fan these two
girls come on to us and they're like
yeah we want to show you Mexico so their
mum like takes us all in her car we're
all sat on not the girls lapses in like
we're also youtubers or Saanich as
that's because we were all squished in
his car and this mum the legend was just
driving us round Tijuana took us to get
some beers took us to get some like
traditional Mexican food and then she
dropped us back off at the border we get
back into America a bit late Lu's are
quite tired I was like I'll Drive okay I
drove us all the way back from the
border all the way to LA considering
they're not very happy if you're under
25 to be like being insured anyway very
experienced don't do that guys being
sensible yes if you'd been caught not
only would you been like in trouble I
don't know well secured it well yeah but
then if that happens you can't ever go
back they're really strict on have you
got a criminal record of any kind I
don't know almost certain because a lot
of like musicians have trouble if
they've trouble with the law so they
can't go to America on the legal side
over here
thanks for Stefanie LLP but yeah so that
was the experience was like really cool
cos got to experience VidCon and that is
where the first taste of being a
youtuber was and that's the trip I came
home from me
like I wanted to YouTube that was so fun
it was the crazy experience - and we
like snuck into a party they have the
youtuber parties when VidCon and stuff
we weren't on the list or on their radar
Sam pepper managed to sneak us in to
this party so me Sam and Alfie go into
his party and we thought it was the
coolest thing ever I got to meet jenna
Marbles I got to know Smosh every
youtuber I looked up to is in there and
I was just like this the gang mentality
isn't it you miss those days of like
being smaller and like wanting to rise
and you know gain followers and all of
that I'll tell you a big challenge of it
not really a challenge because back then
it was just cool I was like this is cool
no one knows where this is going we're
just you know hanging out making videos
etc and for a long time for like the
next year and I became really good
friends with like the whole Brit crew we
used to just hang out and do stuff
because we'd all decided to quit our
jobs to try YouTube so we kind of all
had this free time when we didn't really
know what to do with it so it's like
well we've just made this hot job so we
just hang out and make videos and it was
just so fun and we did so many awesome
experiences and when you're here now
everyone is a business everyone's a
brand everyone's so busy it's so busy I
missed the fun of just hanging out with
everyone so when we wrote that um script
for YouTube's embed and we couldn't do
it because it was conflicting with the
person we're gonna do it with they're
like they were doing a brand ooh yeah
exactly like yes crazy isn't it I'm so
happy I've got those memories that was
the honesty the funnest time thank you
guys very much for listening to this
episode as always please subscribe
please share this episode with someone
that's a challenge I'm setting today
share this episode you can just share it
right from your device and we will see
you next week or you will listen to us
next week with another episode see you
then good bye
