hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
to the channel welcome back to my house
I'm back in my humble abode and back
with Matt and I'm we're back we're back
to normal business I was traveling
around New York Fashion Week at a job in
LA with Nike was amazing it was all
great fun but now I'm back to the mall
Markus grind and how could I not come
back with a bang okay I guess the
YouTuber if this is first time you're
watching the channel hello welcome you
can subscribe by clicking down there
welcome to the channel series we do on
here it's get the youtuber buy something
and today is getting these you would buy
lips lips that's right these things they
used to speak and kiss and
their facial lips yeah we're not talking
anything else vagina lips you really
yeah 12 people
okay how are you gonna deal with this I
always smash the yes youtubers and
awesome you got upset remember oh yeah
and you had to admit lot better at FIFA
than you okay yeah it's hard because
it's very pixelated general rules three
questions yeah
three guesses yeah is it a boy yeah yeah
is it all ey no someone whoever is they
have very good teeth
what'd you do has good tip is it common
Franta no are they British no I was
gonna use my third question for that but
you just said it's very hard this one
someone has never featured on this
channel already
they say brilliant this is someone that
hangs out with a gang you know like a
team know things and we've never
featured them think um they were someone
wants them to being a team is one of the
Dogon tones
which one oh yeah I just can't tell them
apart
it is Ethan Dolan no it's not it's like
Grayson Grayson you can't tell the
difference
I don't know I'm gonna get it yeah I
know I'm gonna get hate for that I'm
sorry
I tell me how to differentiate I've
never met them so so great and notice
don't have the same hair this guy
Grayson has it quick one of them has a
point to your chin nose or we chin
definitely not
how am I meant to play this that looks
like some stretch them is it Zoe
no it's if that's not their normal mouth
is it why doesn't the smile go so much
further than their lips their lips stop
and then the smaller just continued as
if that's weird
can you see that or my team and it's a
boy is a boy quote Eminem lips Joe sugg
no hangs out with Caspar Lee no chat may
nod no I know only behind oh my god look
on the face only you've got a strange
smile man it's funny cuz you're wearing
something offends him you know like a
brother
so really say we were in the same thing
we're both just wearing a chain yeah
it's funny cuz you look at he's like
smiling but then if you look at his eye
it's not yeah he looks very like I'm
being forced to smile yeah is that his
book cover I think it's over profile
yeah exactly no no yeah you know it's
very well oh yes a certificate woman the
other straightaway
yeah but the others for God's sake I
hang out with Zoey more than the others
why Wow drama today oh my god they look
like Harry the Jay Paul I know it's not
but it is an American they're bullet
yeah yep very big lips I stretched it oh
really only a love of stretch have they
got more subscribers than the more
Marcus channel yes it's a rice gun yes
how did you get that done I'm lips the
see Affleck his lips are skinny Oh quite
big actually this is the only picture of
rice come on Google yesterday no ears
who on earth this is the hardest yes you
do remember Don I don't like this
charlie
huh smiles really weird yeah just on
that I'm very creepy yeah it look it's
not because he's not classed as a
youtuber but it looks like this isn't it
guess it looks like Troye Sivan yeah
yeah okay from the lips I'm saying
you've got no choice maybe yeah yeah
this is so hard I did I get it nicely
yeah is it a girl or a guy it's a girl
oh I see that some people's lips I just
know but do I know this person
no yeah I mean no no of jennamarbles
logic oh she no big very tell big let's
find out
I'll sell beauty queen of frozen videos
just take screenshots from videos is
that what you do yeah no you did Joe
sugg yes yeah no that's not you'd want
him out that's not so much on Spilotro
so articulate your lipstick on yeah very
thin lips is that yeah why is that
anything good job big thick lips why
good to dig yourself a hole hey hey
depends what you're into Gabby Jo no in
the fro that is Josiah this game that
 you have any Katie said that's not
Louise
I wanna keep myself if I don't I know
how that well so hang out of her like
two or three times a long time ago Liza
Kochi no it's not YJ not funny I know
that's her how I just know like some
lips are just weird I hope they're not
my lips they're trying to trick you boss
this Casbah know it girl yeah is it
Harry roat sure no one of those long no
not Joe sugg they you know I'm saying
not Joe because Joe has got skinny dips
I may not know I don't like this game
you've stretched those letters go back a
little phrase before
does it suspicious about that oh my god
look zombie Nick Crompton is that an
outline of their hair behind for God's
sake can we just end this video please I
hope memories food we have to stop
Joella no girl or boy boy pewdiepie no
calyx this is the hardest one we've ever
done that is not Joe look far
I heard roads skinnier lips than that
look your choice neck it's good enough
face it a very long neck there
sprinkling glitter yeah I bet have 50%
last 100 actually get this one girl or
guy
American yeah in a team know nigahiga no
running out of American youtubers there
aren't in teens who's buying a team
these days jacksFilms no yes see thump
say that's one beat them why is it even
climb yeah no well is there another read
from them there is yeah I said to eat
them I said I said
Dola Ethan Dolan I said no
I rehearse eight throughs h3 Singha he's
English no I got 50%
well there's another guess the YouTube
I'm so happy I got 50% on that one guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it leave a suggestion for the
next guest YouTube because they are fun
to read through I think in the next one
could be guess YouTube by their toenail
so let me know if you want to see that
who see you guys from over know video
goodbye
