yo yo yo yo EPA hello beautiful sexy
people anyone having self I do have
achieved an so many clubs though I don't
really welcome to something that's
probably gonna be quite stressful for
all of us to partake in and that is only
people with perfect vision can see these
images do not adjust your monitor unless
you're a cheater who or folks there is a
heart in the box true I can see that how
many circles are in this box
one two three four wait is that right
yeah one two three four
correct this is impossible any pupil
perfect vision why did have my eyes
lasered remember don't know if that
means I've got a vision in this but
should be pretty good
what animal is in the box are stuck this
is the easiest thing do you think it's
because I have the new laptop and the
screen might be better on there so for
me I'm just like yeah I can easily do it
but it might be hard for you got you're
not I'm going to do I'm going to turn my
brightness down and turn my brightness
down so it's nice and fair everyone yeah
it's very fair if the brightness is down
a lot harder doesn't matter
where are we you know what actually a
lot harder looking at the animal the
duck now how reductions box one two
three one two three I can see four just
can afford us in the way what shape is
in the box
you mean what shape present Moonstar son
or heart am I like what's going on here
because this is just too easy honestly a
crescent moon this is I'm sorry guys
this is but I'm really really intrigued
to know what it's like for you hope very
hard of you what worded in the box cat
fat bat eat that
straight up bat bat that one out okay
that's a bit harder how many stripes are
in this box stripe well I can see like
two in definitely see one down the
middle and is there
however on the right yeah so 2/3 or GG
ohan to go on on the left
what if you don't unless I refuse to
believe that those on the left
I'm annoying now for this guy 400% what
word is in this box and they all look
bloody clue
I spent my brightness ugh I'm gonna turn
the brights up even the bridal hunter
oh but full full full foot ah I didn't
just put this on - I just saw full
first-timers like yeah it's full you've
got six out of seven right moderate
vision be at moderate vision my vision
is pretty good I'd say I'm just a bit
colorblind so there we go
on that now I know some you don't
believe me that I'm going to be color
blind alright let's have a little look
yeah brightness back up what do you do
right the number can you see that I can
see that that's 9 easily 5 Oh mate whoa
ok genuinely can't see that I can make
out like achiever is it 2 or 3 - meh I
literally was hard as low as you guys
probably don't believe me this is what I
see I can see there's like a blare of
pink but every time I'm looking at is
just like mashing back into the gray
honestly co-op I can't even guess what
that is so unsure 7 can see that easily
8 satiny yeah sick I can help that is
that color
I can't cannot see that alysha's that is
that I can't set it so many times I
can't see that looks like an 8 something
like I can see it circle so a that's a
103 ok that is a Seadrill 4 that's a 4 I
can see that single things four five
does it back cover a tune is like how it
comes on like time is it straight away
six six six four see that sorry
that's the hardest one up one thing is
great that's how my life genuinely can't
see nothing maybe or maybe there is
something nothing maybe that's it
nothing honestly nothing you got it
I know it's Oprah will reduce your of
your acting I'm not reacting I swear my
easy see that six one think that's hard
see that I can think it's a 1 7 may was
going oh wait hang on 3 I can see a bit
of green 0 1 or 7 7 I've never seen more
colors than that
what's that spark I'm on many to be
seeing a number because if I meant to be
seeing a number I'm pretty annoyed about
that
nothing 7 obviously made by no idea I'm
sure 6 that's that's the easiest that on
the bright green one and that 3 can we
finish this test for 3 that's easy c8
literally unleash you cannot did unsure
hey I'm getting it I like to look away
and through 3 nothing there's not a
number that I've gotta say nothing 7 or
1 again
it's like hurting my focus oMG is like
this I'm sure 3 2 however well go
moderate proton what does that mean
protons of people would protect that no
sames what a type of red protons are
people with predominantly a type of
red-green color blindness in which the
red cones do not detect enough spread
and a2 sensitive greens yellows and
oranges as a result greens get yellows
oranges and reds and browns may appear
similar especially in low light it can
also be difficult to tell difference
between blues and purples or pinks and
grays awesome I would like to try I'm
not obviously I'm going to buy that I
was quite cool little cool like Styles
I'm not going to buy a pack is to me
it's not affects my daily life I'm not
walking around thinking oh wow I'm color
I can't see colors it's not how it works
to me I see colors it the only time
people notice is when people ask me what
color is like the source for example and
say nice because it's appear when we do
logo stuff and when we do rebranding
stuff
we literally have one today and we're
doing like a nice leave for one of the
boxes and I got asked about the color
and eyelashes like yes it's like it's
all green the same greens lineup and Max
is like that mate
I can't trust you when it comes to color
story so awesome but like that I don't
said it affects me I would like to try
those glasses of course to see what
people who don't have an eye on kind of
line can see but I don't know if that
means I'm that bad moderate proton or
anything on that bad so that's what I'm
telling myself anyway didn't plan to do
that this video but the other bit was
shorts I was like let's find it was
doing like colours and stuff that makes
sense but gives video a thumbs up if you
enjoy an asset tomorrow another one eh
