yo yo yo yo UPA hey hey hey
if you always wonder why start videos
like and the things on focus is on cuz I
sometimes need to be focused and I sit
down as I'm just on a thumbnail so I
might be like polite reduce professional
zombie this video was inspired by single
person soldiers Alfie whether it's the
same I'm not sure and Alfie showed like
unreleased photos from its phone and I
was like that's a cool idea I'm gonna do
it
this could be in part you know so let's
go back to the beginning of time on my
phone right beginning of time first
photo ever on my phone no idea wipe this
26 September 2013
me and my old room with a massive big
alien head so okay we've got me and
Alfie and we see Avenue which there's a
well I think I might change before what
am i doing my shirt why have I done my
shout there look my little chubby face
my little smile though it was going on
no look I don't have a foot so
interested in I've got so many good fit
I've got so many good pictures on here
this pictures on my phone this is in
Norwich I literally I'm happy so I'm
just thrown off on my face but someone
has to throw off my face oh yeah here he
is naked Butler that is when I sort of
started to get the fitness thing and I
started doing like topless I've been
doing it for a bit now I'm going to do
body pictures so yeah I started to lose
some weight and get skinny and yeah fat
this picture is from playlist Orlando
Casper would get for wearing again then
Louise just us three sit I was seeing on
the floor we're waiting so I column the
story ever we're waiting something up
anything either posted these me and
Casper went to we're like yeah let's
just go to Universal Studios and we went
and bought some hats and some sunglasses
and walk around like that and here's a
picture of Casper dressed like how he
was because a spa Oh Minnie Joe in a
toilet yeah in a toilet I remember that
we're at play decide well I think that
jean jacket is with you
for me don't you the we're like yeah
that's good so I can't take a mirror
selfie this is this I definitely won't
do well if you guys are enjoying this
I'm like showing stories of it if you
guys enjoying it let me know movie part
- look at that a picture of Tyler and
Colleen at Tyler's with Tyler's wicket
don't just go alone so that was really
fun we're all around Tyler it's just
hanging out just had an evening in tight
I think we're like drinking wine and
just hanging out this looks ranked but
when I started getting slightly saying
this isn't even that healthy made out of
column totals clearly happy about it
threw on some disgusting looking bacon
look at that bacon is ranked absolutely
ranked Merlin or r.i.p mails knows if
you listen to the podcast I was
unfortunately hit by a car recently so
at times me Joe and Caspar looking very
happy with ourselves you know why we
look so happy there I'll post this in
here this is a shoot yet you can see all
forever there funny story on this I
don't know if it's been shared anywhere
Jim was wearing a nice watch it might be
like a Rolex or something it was nice
and we after this was in a studio we
went to shoot on three wore my wearing
well if what is that you rented to shoot
on the street and we did those big jump
they're like jump jump jump through a
jump in because you're jumping next to
each other we live scene I smashed into
Jim lot as we jumped smacks his Rolex
off his arm and it went flying off his
wrist smashed on the floor and broke I
was like
sorry kid hey chi'lan that annoyed a guy
I mean it was my fault but don't know
why this is on my phone
Lois Tonya and Zoey don't even know
where that is I think that's in when we
did a YouTube event in Milan wow this is
an awful photo me Alfie Casper I'm
clearly doing some sexy lip bite Alfie
thing TV in an ice-cream and Jasper
looks like he's trying hold in from
shitting himself too I mean I cleared I
was really funny here just to sit my
middle finger up at losing Leaning Tower
of Pisa
so yeah funny guy okay this picture on
my favorite things when we're all on
this YouTube trip I literally took a
picture of Louie look at his face like
what the fuck
okay YouTube trip again
Casper want to take his picture because
he was like hey look it looks like a
lady's legs upside down looks like I'm
licking her yeah
funny picture me Joe and Caspar have
chosen the background on our last down
in Italian trip it was raining in Rome
like shutting it down no one else half
the group so us three were like we're in
Rome we need to go out and explore
the other half the group Alfie Louie
Conor and Troy I feel like they were
like now we're going to do a spa day and
stayed in the hotel and it was lit while
castle in a poncho it was so wet ah I
don't think I have a person I really
like this picture me hanging out with an
umbrella
oh I'm not showing you that picture I
literally have a picture of Joe's
testicle on my phone so that is a pretty
crazy moment to selfie on stage and yeah
you can see we did a thing in London and
there is I want to take five thousand
people that a lot of people and selfie
with everyone those things memories like
that are things that I'm never gonna
forget like those are made for life and
here also I've got food right here I'm
going to eat but if you want more like I
said it could be fun to make this as a
series and like work my way through my
whole phone and you share pictures that
never share
anywhere else so let me know if you on
that if not no worries
hope you enjoyed tomorrow's video all
right to smoke Hey
