gotta be bad about that a boo-boo all
looking very orange very orange and here
once busy interchange I think I changed
and let me just lock that nicely hello
hello usual safety people welcome
purpose would you like my jumper you
can't read it it says mostly has rarely
things which doesn't really make sense
to me it's more of a jumper format it
feels this jumper inside is like a
little baby lamb not that I know what a
little baby lamb feels like that's what
I imagined actually no a little baby
last week bloody and slimy intimate now
it's fluffy and toy which go far anyway
today we're going to be looking at my
embarrassing videos like I said a lot of
fun me today
I've got loads I just got loads because
I'm an embarrassing human being
welcome welcome to the embarrassing Club
you guys know I've observed this in the
last video that I used to be like wine
to be a visual effects person and doing
guns and explosions this video is called
gun boredom 21 thousand views a
seventeen focus 2011 you'll realize why
I'm why it's private kid as well alright
you ready
a little sketch one minute long here we
go at night folks Eno look at a coffee
gun
I think some country-western music comes
on or are you big enough oh yeah she's
got a cattle machine-gun there
spin more like it
I've changed so much into the parents
room kiks kiks adore it oh yeah out on
the balcony with what looks like a real
gun that looks like a very real gun my
balcony Pam about me when I lived in
that house was very open which you'll
see in a minute
that's not a good bit funny yeah nothing
like a bit of Sade
just walked away I remember being so
happy of that video so can we just get a
replay on the clothing don't women love
the way I just say I spent so much time
and after effect learning how to do that
so much time cool yeah
what would comments like epic
Marcus you like guns too much that's
illegal you have to have an orange ring
around the end of the muzzle and people
would think it's real more shooting I
like your jeans nice job dude or people
were so nice back then fake fake fake
fake fake no don't be silly
I shot and blew up a car I'm not sure
what this is to be honest
is it a Q&A I'm just opening actually
this is a sketch back in the day I think
is a title you ready for title how to
get sex on Twitter - men's health style
this is going to show you know first
start being in sketches I think I can
watch it and so long so let's enjoy that
all-important magazine to find out how
to turn your body from fat to fit tip
number one get inside her head when you
want to tailor your post to a particular
girl find out which is most likely to
respond to you in tweets like calm I'm
so nervous and shy this uses tweets
about sexual references 648 said more an
average user yes come on a chance yes if
she finally finds out I start talking to
her hope so you'll get it down thinking
brilliant I don't really get what I'm
doing find your best angle your profile
price it needs to be I caption upload a
few photos too hot or not calm
it's quite funny
see I was I was funny well I shall blow
those a hot or not though go my photo is
uploaded can't wait so I get invoice on
that I that pose I'm sorry this I'm
actually so this video is the most
boring thing well you know it to be
funny it's really boring Marcus here we
go we're gonna watch this last one
called life in a day rally car driving
in brackets Subaru let than people to
extremism
again our Mad Max I think all my friends
chipped in and got this meat my 18th
birthday so that's kind of showing you
how long ago this is
are the Meuse a day in the life of a
rally driver by Marcus Butler oh this is
when I just got my first DSLR so you had
a pool focus and you'll see I just loved
it oh that's that's a pair of vans and
there's a massive answer oh this is
going to make it a bit nostalgic spin
nice shot from Gras
I was driving on the way or my little
polo how RT hey don't tell anyone this I
remember I headed to this I actually
sped up the clips of the car to make it
allies go faster
 hell that is old max at a Nokia
hi youtube you can't hear me Oh and I
spun out areas while I look so grumpy
Oh get that focus
I look so annoyed the whole cart my fill
in my dick cool
although a J nation Isis a structure
nation oh that finishes another show you
some of my private videos I hope you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if you
did and I will see you tomorrow
move another one okay again let me know
if you want more of these because I've
got plenty more so yeah alright good bye
