hello beautiful safety people welcome to
lucky TN o kitchen hey hey
the Battle City frying machine where we
take things that probably shouldn't be
deep-fried and deep-fry them today good
encase it freshly prepared prepared
fresh really even fresher on a lineup
today we've got corn cob for your
classic burger and the twist wrap right
get that corn in that batter batter City
also turn to the older all that'll be
amazing rapper to soak it up okay we're
trying to wrap it up the twister wrap in
case you didn't notice inside of Twitter
a sense how simple it looks I'll get
some batter on you as well that come on
don't know how well if so the batter
I've made today is amazing in low and I
hate this over here one two three in
here you little old
thrower scared OH dripping out and it
stops splashing Lancer yes that's in can
we get the corn in as well caught on bit
water to the conquers of it and slide II
want you in the land
so I'm stick together don't stick
together separate separate office one
day I am waiting somebody's that
explodes yeah well yeah
I thought about to be a bit better than
that arts only annoying Alcorn's like
the corns fine oh we're so talented here
at partners Baptist we can do three
things at once and give to bathroom
design two bathrooms for the price of
one double battle expectations
prediction not high beyond it experience
I think the rap will be okay
sweet corners a bit I feel wrong is like
a best fresh vegetable being crying at
if you used to have cared a lot you know
cafeterias kids never really had it a
lot Swiss bridge on in fact I think the
first time I had those 1500 on a do it
was mine was very small this is before
everything else
burger Keegan subway was a bit a classic
oh it's so hot why's the dry right
dropping the old be again because you
baguette I came out Australia enough
about this world it'll I oh maybe I'll
do that smoking ha ha ha ha ha ha bye
that's amazing
Mexico this color but no time is slicing
very hot right let's love the dry wrap
can you sound more excited for it
because my that's impossible
I blow not fry down saying on it may
know already up that is genuinely good
I'm really not like words as we can't be
completely at odds but to boil a dick
I pray that little faster in my mouth
now be price we coin is not like this
then only it helps because this has got
butter in it as well so it's just going
to it like wet my fingers are so oily
right Martha
what's of over again just a clicking the
finger some another chicken wing classic
burger ah ah slogan oil the whole bunch
goes up the whole cluster over roll
moving wow thanks for joining us in
today's episode guys
they were really the first one that the
rap was even I was chained me how to rap
yet corner the burger don't just don't
do it so yeah hope you enjoyed this
week's episode give video a thumbs up
and let us know what we should try to
seize my own video
