hello beautiful sexy people I'm very
very very very very excited to this
video because and sorry I've got things
going on all over the shop the other day
I was looking for a microphone and I
found the microphone but what I found
I've got a box of like old stuff that
I've kept upstairs and one in my office
and I have collected I've got a
collection of those like iPods through
the generations and I just want to share
them with you I want to show you them
and then maybe listen to like some of
the music on them and just see what I
was listening to at those times and also
just a reflection on how technology has
changed so yeah I don't really know how
the videos gonna go but just bear with
it so starting off of this bad boy boom
a scare and this old classic this is the
third generation iPod and yeah I've got
it unfortunately my one doesn't actually
work so I can't get it turned on no
matter how much I've charged it so yeah
like I said I'll just show you the
lyrics were sick from there I've got the
first I think the first ever iPod mini I
think this is called iPod mini that that
was called a mini when you actually
think of the size it is there we go that
is classified as an iPod mini back in
the day you guys as any of you even
remember these from that I don't know
what generation this is we've got this
iPod it's not on touch screen yet it's
got a spinning wheel still quite thick
and then from there I have first iPod
touch the first-ever iPod touch I've got
which will go into this one on going to
the music and stuff so I think it's
pretty cool actually a watermark online
which you'll see and then the other two
which I don't really this is not that
old this is a new iPod mini or an iPod
Nano yeah a lot of you probably have
that or notor
and then and like a about I don't know
an iPod Touch which is new ish because
it's got a camera attenuation thing is
about four years old maybe so yeah that
is my generation of iPad iPad iPod which
i think is pretty cool i've got this
generation of iPod let's go in summer
music like I said I'm quite annoyed
because this has my sister's music shit
I remember lending this to my sister
so it has her playlist on at my older
sister and then I lent this PO when she
went traveling also has I playlists on
which I'm quite annoyed about because I
would have loved to find out what music
I listen to then a little long ago huh
cute - they had like discs in them but
you can literally hear no battery power
that I said that my system so what I've
got I'm just going to put the iPod
Salman don't that we can't use okay I'm
going to have a little look on this one
but like that I'm pretty sure it's my
sister's music music playlist male
apotheosis I music think is anyway oh no
music on there are no battery power
remains
let's visit my first iPod touch so
hopefully we've got a good selection of
stuff on here the screen there's this
one we're going for okay I'll read out
the playlist that I had on here a bit of
good stuff complete chill good new stuff
good stuff at least our house trance
tunes party party and all that new shit
the best stuff let's begin a bit of the
good stuff shreya shuffle on here
Oh classic video Live Lounge oh my god
enter shikari end up this is in my big
bigger stuff playlist leastly
you know that and the shoes 50 cent yeah
I'm trying how old I would have probably
been when I had this 15 maybe maybe
younger 14 Alex de Alex de Alex de is a
my iPod that that's saying something
isn't it
so if it well this is my bit good stuff
what is what good stuff didn't she
Strider oh my god is it really it some
place to love this up and then Thursday
she's go inside I'm thinking about you
all the time classic big song this is
cut this with the clubbing phone when
you're 80 and go hey I'm good just go
Tinie Tempah's first likely song this is
before most of you know mike posner yeah
you probably know him for his like new
stuff I pick appear in Ibiza
this is what made my post like seven
years ago make you fall in love I would
already have you ass under my arm I used
to farm it's a good song probably cause
you think you're cooler than me I want
Nero do you remember this song yeah you
will know that song maro I miss Nero so
mister here we go old school chapter
break yourself for your season motor
night of all time I should try this is
it shoes everyday like apples I can
replace you
mine was doing good how strong - I mean
this is not how for there but this is
this just isn't house house Kardinal
Offishall
drummer we need some songs of a faun
like two thumbs yeah I can notice just
you know if you world go round buster
rhyme this is a big song should imagine
I love this song classic sister 40 Ocean
City Rosco Oh wake up every day is this
a dream singamalai fame working elite
off just so much sleep why is this in my
house I hate this zone this is a big
known cave drama Taylor Cruise what's
happened to player cruise because the
download is applying Wireless the
quality right we've had enough of that
I don't know this is so moving to the
newest ipod touch quickly I just want to
have a little look I don't think I've
got older stuff than that hopefully this
going out new playlist yeah going out
new you ready for it
Conor Maynard this is one go you play
this collimate this is for you right
there
let me break it off oh this was a really
good film you can one thing me and you
can
drummer this song good feeling yeah
YouTube some the biggest YouTube thumb
you guys know I'm talking about some you
might be fixing all the words this so
you can't be an achievement you'll never
meet a girl on Craigslist in everything
in money necklace to square-mile gonna
go ahead oh there we go bit 1d within my
1d within my going-out playlist Wow
heart attack guys is so oh baby you
can't mean sent tissue that was I love
this song awaiting the person waiting
room if you like
we should go up anything any nice maybe
I'll take a shake it
Wow up all night why this all damn I go
now plated sorry
going out see my going out open Gangnam
style Oh
well do not disconnect Oh all that is a
bad sound oh here we go
music come on come on come on give me
some playlist because on this this shows
you how old it is there's a playlist for
lime water please play so we follow me
oh my god
so this is why you download online 100
Vericut I was once again even why did I
down this is that woman I did however go
a freak of town they offer hundreds of
free products you can tell that supply
molasse even break it fix all this for
the shoes great Johnny finds you
necessitate sir Oh incredible songs the
couch incredible song why did I download
this film do you know this song yeah you
do
our gonna kinda cheese everyday I love
you look at this remember this
this is like background sick days
looking at allmovie classic why did I
download this when I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be man and wakes up makes it you
this is my favorite song like that might
just download it one favorite song it's
a breathing the secret Charlotte charge
thank you son when we're seeing in
organo down but I ever gates are you
know
this is a good zone
I bet boxing class don't know better
this is so peaceful
but good song bossun stand in in a
minute
Kimmy did you slip ticket on music I
think I fell into a song if I behave
like a shamisen in love good song do you
like that
oh this is madonna's come back time goes
by so slowly I love this song Sony and
good internally great oh my god wash it
so this was you know the time shady at
man Hewlett there she goes shaking their
ass on the floor
bumping and grinding hahaha dishes
losing you get you get don't get Bertha
the song the wizard
fire disco I could honestly say hidden
for hours I remember this song I don't
believe she remember then blows it's
done popular they were on a motorbike or
something unfortunately that at the end
of the video I don't even have that
looks fun for you guys is definitely fun
for me I've recorded nearly 35 minutes
so yeah I hope you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up if you did I'll see you
tomorrow no one hi baby
