I mean oh hi hello hello hello trying
this again it stopped
oh there you are hi hi hi hi shout out
to all my homies
yo so there I was just trying to you
know hang out with you guys jump on
board do a Q&A and then my internet was
just like nah you write me now we don't
want to do it so I'm back and I'm trying
to again I'm saying by the window so
hopefully I'll be better like I'm only
gonna be a super chilled Q&A just
hanging out with some of you guys
answering some of your questions I'd
like to also know reaction and if any of
you have watched the main channel video
is it went up 15 minutes ago or like 25
minutes ago or something I would love
for you guys to go check it out if you
haven't and come back it's like 10
minutes so it's quite long but I'd love
for you to go watch it and then come
back because um or if you've seen I'd
love to know what you think because yeah
it's something different base so you
have a lot of fun making and I wanna
know what you thought
so if you watched it what do you think
if you haven't watched it go watch it
most she's saying that you've seen it in
its class so thank you shootin Thank You
Sean thank you very much and we're going
to buy Louise's book no I'm not because
hopefully she's gonna give me on for
free
you're sick
thank you we're looking a little less
sick today guys we've got a lot of
volume going on the old hair it's just
cuz I'm washed it but yeah if you have a
question like I'm just gonna chill with
you guys for some minutes just hang out
because again I've got time to kill so
upload a video
I was working today Steffi was on a
shoot so I was working at the shoot
writing loads of stuff and then came
back uploaded the video and she's nearly
back nearly back and then we have a
dinner event tonight so yeah but I need
to get ready it's like a suit and it all
that kind of fancy event so are you
gonna dye your hair again yeah probably
I mean what do you think it is obviously
my roots are quite long now but I really
like to kind of had it gray so I might
do it gray
the Dean guy is quite scary it's
obviously a character so ya don't like
it's a character thing with the main
channel is it's like I like to mess
about and try things that I wouldn't
necessarily try and that for me was
something really fun too
you know we wrote it and I just on the
main channel can do kind of what I want
to make and be a bit more creative with
it just because my throat saw whereas
more marks is like little fun every
single day whatever whatever I want to
put up but yeah I'm also saying
something you like where are you I'm in
payee
j'adore payee that make sense yeah door
parry she tempeh yeah we Paris have been
here for Fashion Week
it's Taylor's home because I'm tired but
do you know what every time I've been to
Paris before don't if any of you guys
have been I used to come as a kid I went
to Disneyland and all that stuff and
I've been recently a couple times I
haven't really liked it off felt like I
liked it but this trip I really liked
you really really liked it
speak more French I can't yell as you do
you J vant a Sanka
je m'appelle Marcus that's one thing I
think I've got a good French accent you
know that's what I'm saying
I don't know if there's any French
people watching this if so they're like
no spook you were cool we're gonna need
a nap Ashford napped in my spare time
probably up bags I've had a lot of luck
asleep but I've been learning German you
guys know but I've been using the app
like a lot recently so you know I'm
coming along coming along it's hard to
speak it though so if you like speak
German it's more like I'm better
understanding it you should probably get
some sleep love I know I know I should
get some sleep
hello Millie what app do I used to go
live I use YouTube if you can you know
do on YouTube again I'm so sorry it's
not you that's boring me guys you are
not boring I'm just tired you look like
just woken up
is that good thing or a bad thing
probably have a good finger
I'm also here's the thing guys got a bit
of a dilemma okay I'm really hungry when
am I not hungry but I'm really hungry
this is it we have dinner tonight like a
really fancy dinner which should be
really good fun base at 9:00 starts at
9:00 by the time actually starts we'll
probably be like eating at 10:00 maybe
that's quite a long distance should I
eat something now I think I should eat
something now I'm basically asking you
to tell me to eat something turning the
camera away eat a bagel oh I'd love a
bagel eat some fruit it's the thing like
it's the one hard thing I'm hard but
like with being in a hotel you guys
would know this but like traveling it
takes its toll blah blah blah blah but
room service food is expensive like they
always do charges on this and charges on
that so eat something sleep I don't have
time to sleep because I need to get
ready soon like said I've got God going
the whole suit so I have to do my hair
and like all that stuff but I would like
to eat something
do I like Michael Jackson hmm yes I like
his music I I mean I never knew him as a
person I don't know enough about to nut
to like judge him as a person really
because I've watched documentaries on
him and stuff and I'll it I think his
musical talent is incredible but him
yeah I mean he was obviously a little
bit strange but
who's not strange that it's that famous
oh my god yeah did you guys see the Liam
not Liam Louie Tomlinson and his
girlfriend video like what I saw her it
was I don't know where I saw us on
Twitter yesterday how insane is that
like flip in I mean you I know you can't
see everything but like obviously the
paparazzi and this girl's face at first
I was like that's not cool
like take your pictures yet don't shove
a camera and literally in someone's face
so then you didn't see what happened
there then Louie and him had some kind
of fight I mean the camera turns and
some girl is just like some girls jumped
on his girlfriend I'm just going for her
that's what it looked like anyway and
then he got arrested I was like yeah how
does that make sense but yeah I think
I've seen some super chests
come through some was it scary and
release the hounds Talia Blake the
scariest part was running from the dogs
to be honest like scariest part Oh
someone just said some some some non
comment
whoa whoa what am I wearing tonight for
the dinner I am wearing a dolce gabbana
suit so one of the really lovely things
of doing the catwalk which was like said
incredible such you know crazy
experience but I have what am I trying
to say I have they give me some suits so
I never really had to suit so I didn't
dress up so I've actually got some suits
that fit me which is really nice so it's
a it's a dark blue velvet suit well I'm
- Alfie released hounds
he's the slow runner Eddie got take it
out by the dogs no to be honest he had a
really hard sprint time so he got
attacks
so if someone say I used they're
passionate about YouTube this you're
modeling all the time I'm not modeling
all the time I've done two runway shows
and those are the only things I've ever
done that's the only modeling I've ever
done much more of my time is YouTube so
the time actually spent on that is
probably eight days with rehearsals and
more and all that stuff
whereas YouTube uh-huh seven years oh
yeah
Oh ed sheeran yeah let's look like Ed
Sheeran favorite song with Ed Sheeran's
let me look I've literally been playing
the album
I like Galloway girl I also like new man
but I love Barcelona and I really like
the first song razor as well
to be honest I like all of it dive is
beautiful perfect beautiful
so yeah Wow sorry I said way too much
water then and it's fizzy whoa
what's wrong oh right yeah let's go hey
release the hounds wait can you watch it
ITV like ITV catch-up maybe I think what
country on a man I'm in France the payee
when did you get your first girlfriend
technically you know when you're like I
was in reception which is really really
young and I was like yeah I've got a
girlfriend it's like that doesn't really
count
first like girlfriend I was like oh yeah
this is our actual girlfriend was like
12 can you see the view well no that's
just a real cat
there's a beautiful building though look
at that that is it that's the thing with
France is the buildings are stunning
absolutely divine when's Dean returning
ha ha do you know we were actually gonna
do if you guys watched the video the
main channel video you'll know you I
played a character called Dean we were
gonna do an alternative ending where
Dean like breaks into my house and then
I I fight like I come home and Dean's in
my house and I'm like yo what the hell
man and then I end up realizing that
it's really cool and we do like joint
videos together and I use him as a twin
bah bah bah bah but we didn't do that
anything in the end but just thought I'd
tell you that if you have if you have no
idea what I'm talking about go watch my
new main channel video
dude did you did you did it you did do
oh I just saw someone said that fish
fingers jealous
was anyone having a roast or had a roast
today I its Sunday as a net if I see
loads do you like I've had a roast I'm
gonna be quite sad to be honest having
one later oh please can someone make me
a roast I would love that
oh I mean literally every I've had a
roast I've had a roast I'm not sure
about roast lamb though that's the one
thing I don't like roast lamb what nice
lamp thank you it's not mine I mean oh I
mean that hotel but I will
but hotel they like your lamps yeah but
I better be hmm
um hungry hungry hungry yes nothing yes
nine that doesn't make sense
who's your son favorite artist a really
old question to be honest I don't don't
have one it's too hard it's like Ed
Sheeran and Drake Ed Sheeran and Drake
probably
oh ah yes it has a neat nice nice nice
thank you for helping me with German
who's your favorite ginger youtuber Oh
Josh Peters I can see some people
placing carrots it's really quite hard
to read your comments isn't it what
color should out is Alfie dyeing his
hair is that a thin
- like pizza I do love pizza when I was
in Milan last Sunday had a cheat day
smashed a pizza oh my old was incredible
ha oh it's seven I'm looking at my
computer thing here my computer's in
English time and I'm not oh yeah it's
fine it's six still got like enough time
Curie for dinner
Annie and now I'm thinking oh it's
actually seven because I'm an hour ahead
so yeah I should probably go but thank
you for coming out and hanging out for
17 minutes or so it's been fun it's been
show up with people and I will probably
see you on another live cured show that
will hopefully be longer when I'm back
home I don't for longer net this week
next week next week okay alright goodbye
adios
