hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
we kind of did this series a type I felt
have reacted twine almost a year I have
a lot of private advice account a lot of
private 'video and there's a reason that
they're private ed but you know my
YouTube channels are about embarrassing
myself and letting you guys in on what I
used to be like so today we're going to
be doing just that to 38 thousand views
and there's you can't watch you if
you're on the channel I'm just going to
give you a heads up this is when I was
trying to do like special effects visual
effects
well not special special effects is like
crazy explosions in real life when these
fireworks will ever visual effects is
visual editing but I used to really want
to do that when I junga so yes this
video is a called super slow-motion fail
17,000 views and it was when I was
trying to do all these like visual cool
cool video that you look at my cool but
can never really do it because I wasn't
that good and I think I can't remember
this is just me and Mac just pissing
about in my garden trying to do stuff in
super slow motion
Wow hahaha that's a French banger in a
tomato see the thought process this was
that we would put a French banger in
this Marceau and it with the tomato
would explode I don't mean that happen
though as you're about to find out
amazing man would laughs in here Oh
literally nothing happen oh my god this
is so embarrassing what my doing
what my doing also sick fashion look at
my fashion not me this water is freezing
mother when will this video this is 2011
so nearly six years ago
oh my god I'm 19 this is awful what my
day well what was it
Stacy what we're trying to do I remember
is recreate like a Baywatch slow-motion
theme it just didn't work
that was it that is the Baywatch scene
look at that I think I music but it's
clearly being copyrighted I'm cringing
so hot right now what on earth am i
doing with my life
oh and then we throw your idea - max you
just launch water balloons at my face
yeah legally I hurt my neck so much that
didn't hurt hard funny he were using
normal blues that's why bring him well
if we go right the next video I'm going
to show you is when I was into the whole
slow-motion like visually nice looking
things I thought is really really cool
and they used to be a lot of videos that
did this and I was like yeah I can do
this - ready for the title awesome
iPhone 4s HD unboxing or doesn't that
just make you jump off the edge of your
seat watching out a boxing video of an
iPhone ready I know that up and know
exactly where this videos like is so
embarrassing
take this this is what was on the main
channel over dramatic music 32 gigabyte
HTM books
Oh The Punisher I literally force my
little sister to film this I was a whole
do can you prove the video movies
oh the let's come off the phones out and
speech in my PC I put the screen up all
together over no light delivering oh
it's an iPhone we aired an iPhone yet we
look Apple logo and what's under there
yes yes the sama charges here
oh you're together but you're playing on
the mom oh it's cable world on here
cable oh yes insert the cable into the
laptop now change Bangalore on a
ceaseless anti focus blah blah Oh stick
in car charger
look at the end
if it comes to that while guys that I
just can we just take a moment that that
question and asking was something else
it holds that is not watch your movie do
from there yeah cool one just the
complete now focus sup guys a little bit
on fire awesome
and you can subscribe my channel by
clicking here check out all the video by
going there question today is what's
your favorite app the best app I can get
on this fine leave me a comment and
dollar I'll see you guys next week ah
calm literally well whatever will a cool
and I think we're going to leave that
there for today's embarrassing videos so
hopefully you have enjoyed laughing in
my embarrassing backlog of my channel
I've got plenty more so if you want more
give it a thumbs up leave a comment and
maybe part two and I will see you
tomorrow no video all right goodbye
