yeah hello beautiful sexy people I've
got my eyes on you today
whoo welcome back it feels a while since
I've filmed been traveling I've been in
Milan I just got back from Midland no
but everyone uses their hands to bulk
and they're very nice all right man but
I was there because I was invited by
Jochen Varner to walk in their women's
fashion show none are you thinking of
not women so that was that make sense
but they have like mainly women walking
and then they have a few guys that walk
as well and if you saw the video if you
follow me in social media you would have
seen I walked for dolce gabbana about a
month ago which was like one of the most
insane things I've ever done in my life
probably one of the coolest things ever
done and the fact that they got us that
I got us the yen I just felt very
honored and the whole experience was
just as crazy just I wasn't as nervous
because I'd been through the whole thing
and like I said the first time I did it
I was so so nervous honestly though I've
never been more nervous in my life this
time I wasn't as nervous because I've
been through it before but also the main
reason I wasn't nervous is because I got
to walk me and stephy walk together
which obviously she's like a flippin pro
at this
so the fact I could walk with her just
made me feel so much more comfortable so
anyway we are going to be having a look
at the video it's really cool what they
actually did with this because the last
show that I walked was they've got a few
influences and men mostly male models
this time they had few influences they
had Millennials who are like the kids of
loads of loads of those famous people
and then they had some of the biggest
clients in the world walking and then
female models so it's like a really cool
mix of people
this guy on the piano is so good awesome
home perform DM nice I didn't see any it
we were number 90 and that was a hundred
and sixty people walking which it mental
for a show all this I've learned by the
way so I'm just sharing information with
you understand and now that walking is
going to be in lights gonna come on dude
reproduce having music like that so when
you're walking mower is so like
boom-boom-boom 7p talked it on as well
if you're going to see him the people
who opened their super super nice people
but they have the most beautiful eyes of
a couple I've ever seen and then they
they walked their two babies and the
whole family's eyes are just like
literally it's all their little babies
how cute is that so often having a
little doll look at them how cool that
look look at his eyes you ready and you
can't really see that though his eyes
and are we gonna see her eyes no
some people walking that but what you'll
notice is the difference but if you've
ever seen like a normal fashion show us
in what you think stereotypical fashion
shows is everyone so serious like the
models are always so serious and I think
what was nice is with this as definer
Dominique oh the designers said before
you walk they like smile like be
yourself and that kind of made you feel
a bit more relaxed rather than thinking
oh I want to have to be so so I smile
just be like enjoy it sort of thing so
that's why is he loads of people like oh
yeah but this the go has a really cool
shade yeah it was very nice sparsely
locked out and look at that I have
partly the bright layers Oh would you
look at the moment of babies is so cute
this little baby look when you see the
little afro look at the baby
honestly icon and they're in the same
clothes there's the cutest thing oh here
we have are you ready okay so there we
are
ah look at us go look at look at step in
her dress so they killing it and we did
a little slow turn
boom oh that was it the thing is right
it this such this build like the whole
day it takes so long to do your hair and
makeup on a fuel that's like six hours
doing hair makeup and waiting around
stuff changing outfits all that and York
and it literally over and take seconds
in your setup oh cool and it's such a
blur you don't really remember it so to
have a video but you think I'll have
this for life is a known such a cool
experience I think and I'm so thankful
that I imagine that when I'm older
telling the kids like oh yeah walked for
Dolce and Gabanna one twice and then I
can remember for the ending I just like
walked up upstairs and stood and said
that half of us walks up the stairs half
walk down the stage again oh yeah I'm
walking up the stairs here somewhere you
see me oh wait how many people there are
so I'm on the second row the middle row
there's me you can see my white suit
hidden by this biker this is somebody
goes on a absolute legend there we go
that that's pretty much it how mental
yeah bye guys
if religious and I think about that and
thank you Joe Giovanna for making me
part of their family and inviting me and
letting me do really cool stuff but
hopefully you guys enjoyed it super
weird for me still to watch that think
wow walked on an actual runway but yes
wanted to react to again and show you
guys so hope you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
tomorrow
from video goodbye
