hello beautiful safety people Paul let
me just adjust the light there we go
we're a business welcome to more markets
welcome to today's video we're gonna be
reminiscing on some school memories I
went to school in England a British
school and we're gonna be looking at a
list of things that you can check off to
see if you end to a bad school so we're
gonna see if I went to a bad school
I'm actually pretty lucky I went to
pretty good school so probably I
probably don't have many of these things
on there but check of all the images
that remind you of your school shithole
I did actually have some of this thing
so your main building was a 60s brick
shithole that looked something like this
two of my schools did look like that so
yes but some of your lessons weren't
trough the not fit for purpose temporary
block a hundred percent I had this when
I went to college the whole time is at
college six six moment have you on the
call that for two years they were like
oh it's really great because we're like
rebuilding and it's gonna be amazing but
it's gonna take two years so your whole
year's gonna completely miss out on it I
was like oh but we are gonna give you
these lovely temporary buildings ok
those if you know if you've been in one
of those if you have lessened first
thing in the morning in them you know
how flippin cold nail carpet looks
exactly like is it just completely worn
oh my god yeah one of my schools had
that horrible blue corridor six Hong
Kong room at these exact chairs covered
in stains I don't remember that I do
remember
so when I said no one really used the
common room at my college they tried to
have them we were so small we just
didn't really well they also used to
have one at my school so when I was
growing up they used to have the con
room that year Elevens like had I had a
music in there in there in cool space
and when I got to that year wasn't there
anymore
great I did think I was really cool
though once one of my mates brothers was
in the common room and he took us a
Maronite yet five I thought I was
Kouros were bleak and soulless yes
except between lessons when they were
crammed with 1000 yeah but that's kind
of just that obvious I mean you know it
is absolute
Ramo city when people are trying to get
from class to class but what can you do
the gym change rooms were cold smelly
and offered no privacy that is a bit you
know the weirdest thing when I was in
here for when we first like started
doing sports whether or not even year
for up to a year for everyone would have
to change in the classroom I don't know
if this is this would happen now but all
worked here for you'd stand behind your
table and just change and everyone girls
and boys everyone just Ana all changing
like that's weird isn't it that is weird
let me know if that's weird because I
thought it was weird at the time but I
was like I should have some privacy here
in a classroom don't even taken us to a
sports trainer and we're just doing it
in the classroom also ok bit Randy you
so annoyed me when I was at school they
never allow us time to shower after
sports so we always had to go straight
to our next lesson I was the kind of
person who I love sports play that's
what's always got really into us wet
team red smelly and you just have to put
all your school clothes back on and go
into class that's rank isn't it and
there was always rubbish graffiti on the
walls then I have graffiti oh my walls
actually are the school textbooks which
you had to shed or be interface to oh
yes you know I get a few tweets every
now and then from people that are at
school now at schools I went to and
they're like no I've got your textbook
I'm like God the school is that stingy
two haven't upgraded them since then Wow
but yeah I used to really enjoy getting
your textbook and looking through who
had it before me I've been on this
person had this photo could be a
revision homework from one cover the
revision guide which the whole school
share that flip in whatever g cg peers
that sunglasses person with the logo in
the top right corner oh my god I'm so
I hate his homework
sorry some of you probably watching mrs.
Saturday in your homework so thumbs up
for you
joke to your homework is really
important my homework is this you know
I'm doing my work away from home school
football it like this
my mama's worse than that in my first
school we just had a foam ball like an
eaten up shitty little foam ball and
they're like yeah go play football with
that okay and the goalpost has no Nets
some schools don't even have got a place
like this sounds very like first well
problem he doesn't and it is massively
first well importantly that's what what
a lot of us have been through so what
can you do
yeah again in my school never use didn't
even have goalposts summer I mean you
should just be like through your school
jumpers down and then you'd have massive
arguments over whether it was actually a
goal yet online feud with the posh
private school around the corner well I
hope that private school water Somalia
no I actually I've been to state school
and private school so I can relate to
both the naughtier kids operated a black
mark of a bad street yes yes oh my god I
love this this kid wasn't even that
naughty but with this kid it was a bit
strange but he was lovely lovely kid
called Phil in my school and everyone
went was queuing at his locker cuz he
just he was smart he brought in
shitloads of multipack biscuits Chris
everything and he just opened his lock
mean he'd have everything in there used
to buy things off him some other kids
would do the sweet shop run so at lunch
break they would jump over the fence and
like run ten minutes way to the sweet
shop and then make it back if they got
caught they got fry ascension but why
they made by a couple pounds profit the
head would hold special assemblies to
ward you off whatever evil was stalking
the school corridors
yeah I feel like if anything wasn't
going to plan in school that we'd
there'd be like a big assembly
a big warning like you see this person
make sure you don't do this like them
classroom was heated by these H radios
which gave horrific birds of can't face
yes this is like my life in a document
this is so relatable right now this
might not even be relatable for you guys
because some of your younger so you
might be watched it's like oh yeah my
school surged nice then is well we went
through tough times guys you have those
frickin radiators though are especially
I used to be a chess we don't you know
like rocking back on your chair and you
always have the teachers been oh don't
do that
I had a cute student practice and open
side note I had an assembly once and a
teacher was teaming demonstration of
what would happen to your head so you
put some eggs on a stick put them on a
chair push the chair over and explode
everywhere it obviously some King
because I still remember that now anyway
point press a is sometimes you drop back
on your chair against the wall if you
know what I mean you could like kneeling
in school sometimes you go back and lean
onto the radiator about realizing and
burn your back every few weeks or window
it would be smashed by football yeah I
mean that's just childhood in general
whether that's at school whether that's
at home somewhere some somewhere windows
are being smash the rock hard blue mat
yes they used to just lie those out like
they just usin just lie on the floor and
they're just like right now do some
exercises school wish it wasn't it like
looking at this just comparing it to
what school seven hours like that was
our gym classes then brilliant your gym
shoes look exactly ideas yes the
plimsolls
you know what though though they smell
amazing brand new that's what I'm saying
school days look like this I was a
little bit Philip monger a bit better
than I just I remember having a lot of
baked beans I'm thermoman better
this is hurt definitely look like that
we're in a trick at school our dessert
plates if you're really sneaky because
they checked so you can basically get
one main one
and they check your plate but the
dessert plates are smaller so aren't
you've eaten it you could if you're sat
on the table you could put it under the
table and like stick it in the corner
underneath so then you can sit there and
be like oh I haven't had dessert and
then oh yeah you don't have your plate
and then you can get another one
your school trip lunch loose then you
hate it when you own on a school trip
and it's like lunch is provided and
you're so excited you get inside oh yeah
it's a soggy wet sandwich it was the
best thing in the world when a teacher
with one of these bad boys in the car
sir this is old school now I remember
this bin yeah not even actually my
history teacher but that was the best
feeling in history or any less than when
they're like today we're going to watch
your video and sometimes they'd be like
I know this might be boring but it's
really important and then you'd be like
yeah it's so boring ah please don't make
us mom watch more videos blue paper taps
for the solution two little problems yes
did any of you used to in the in the
toilet wet those so you put them under
the tap and them throwing up the ceiling
or people no no me neither
yeah I mean all examples that I don't
example to look like that now that's how
I imagine them so looking you have
rubbish school trips to the town centres
look at urban yes on the drama free
trips when you have to go around and you
have to look at like well I haven't
planned that is it isn't it oh my god
this is the missus my favourite hangover
done on BuzzFeed but there was none we
yes we had to go and test like not
recycling but saying to do with all that
stuff
there was like parts you had to carry
out the different sections of your
studies I can't remember what the
terminology is there was a school nature
area but it was so over now I must have
hit honestly why all schools like this
school presentations that I sang out the
nineteen forties yeah before you had all
your smart boards yeah you know all the
big fancy boards we had to flip it like
copy notes or read off of these bloody
projector
that never were lined up great but you
could never see them they're always out
of focus of course you see the cap there
for boob lips you could do boob blur
ticketed boobs school computers with
Pasic an update yeah Matt's my best mate
you think it was really funny to go
around the ITV felt and Nick everyone's
ball out there so you can use your mouse
he is still as annoying as he was bet
she spent a lot of time with where yes I
always went for two it was always been
too it was always either I did my mouth
this one the blue swirly one or the
multicolored one just above it never
anything else always those do your
uniforms too big so you could grow into
it literally if I had it I would show
you my mom bought me a blazer when I
first went to the school and I had that
blaze up until year ten because it was
so big for me very nice to have school
you show the lights yeah of course I me
and Max were friends of the year above
at school so when we're in year ten we
got our search desserts we all shout
signed by year Elevens then and then you
eleven we also didn't say that was so
relatable to me it hurts but I'm
interested snow it's relatable to you
guys because I feel like your school is
so different now that was literally my
school like growing up bar I'm sure
yours is very different now
Benny gives me a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it let me know in the comments
and I'll see you guys tomorrow in our
video goodbye goodbye goodbye
