yo yo yo hello this lighten my hair like
blends into the into the frickin wall
hello hello hello hello hello hey hey
Leo come and join me dislikes sucks to
be honest but I don't care how's it
going guys my hair looks awful cuz i've
been wearing a hat all day and I'm
basically in Paris at the moment there
we go there's the Collins I'm in Paris
at the moment and have some time to kill
so I thought I'd jump on here and just
chat and hang out with you guys for a
little bit well the comments going so
far sell it you can't see anything oh my
god ah hi so far saying I'm gonna come
sit in a bit better like that better was
that just like super bright but hi how's
it going oh I could like do this ham OH
I just turned a light on wait
yo how's a gun I mean that lighting whoa
don't oh just can have to deal with it
just can have to do a woeful lighting
I'm in Paris did I say I'm in Paris I'm
in Paris I'm working doing stuff for
Fashion Week which is really cool but
also I kind of wanted to get on slide
show this is ice sorry this is doing one
lemon hey turd just going back onto over
here ah this is cool hair my 1,000th
video ever made on this channel
technically so this is the want my
1,000th thousandth video made it made a
thousand videos on this channel which
insane mental what do you guys think my
awful hair lovely line
so I'm read any of your comment checks
because they're going so fast love my
hair thank you so tonight it's actually
really cool i'm going to off-white
fashion show i'm working with l'oreal
and going there which is super cool for
me because it's like one of my favorite
brands and cool collaboration huh but i
need to go there like in a bit so just
thought I'd hang out with you guys at
first oh yeah and we can talk about
release the hounds oh my god if you're
in the UK you have to you have to watch
release the hounds tonight ok it's on
itv2 at nine p.m. UK time and I want you
guys to be like tweeting that I want you
to be raving about talking about it and
the hashtag is hashtag release the
youtubers yeah like I can't even tell
you how good and how much you're going
to like it because we obviously had a
private screening we had a private
screening like three weeks ago and I was
kind of blown away by how amazing it was
so yeah release the u.s. cool the show's
could release the hounds but we're doing
the hashtag release the youtubers so
whenever you're talking about on
whatever platform use the hashtag
release the youtubers I want to see you
guys get it trending i want it i just
want to see you guys like live tweeting
and everything but you are in for a
treat telling ya so yeah if you're in
the UK do that watch it cuz it's good TV
and it's also for charity we did will
like ran for charity and it's all for a
nice cause so yeah poop sort of ill I
feel it fill in this in this room in
this lighting I feel I just look ill
don't I I have actually got bit of a
sore throat that's all down to map
knocks I kissed man
be weird but he is always do if you
listen to the podcast she won't know
who's always though I'm sorry someone
hates the sound chewing gum huh um matt
is always ill and he was ill again the
other day just fry went to Milan sore
throat what do I get the next day sore
throat cool I love like you're already
using the hashtags release the youtubers
so good one he drinks too much bit Matt
yeah he does he definitely does oh
that's nice to just rest my neck for a
bit you're having to go Matt but yeah
you should have a go him because honesty
is always ill and then I get it so
cheers me anyway how you guys what you
guys up to is what's the time here it's
five o'clock in Paris duel in Paris I
should play a change makers Oh finally
oh my god oh my oh my god guys I finally
have this the laptop oh god it's
charging right now so that's not a good
idea I finally finally finally have this
hello tanner deader near the new laptop
and I say finally because I waited I
would add this three months ago three
months ago and they had a major issue
with the shipping like kept yang ship to
know was there and then they just like
didn't ship it and yeah finally got it
so today is a good day Marcus who's in
release the hounds if you don't know
what release the hounds is I should
probably say release the hounds is uh
mmm it's a game show me Alfie and Joe
are in it you've all got to do team
challenges to find the key and your time
in the challenge to find the key
depending on how fast you do it depends
on
how much distance you get to run from
the hounds like actual dogs with a
backpack of money in and it's all on a
running track if you out race them and
get to the ladder and climb up you win
the money for the charity if you don't
you get taken down and eaten by the dogs
literally
you're recording it for tomorrow good on
you Oh Mike I cannot see the comments
that on it they're moving too fast sorry
I'm living in Paris
you saw me on Laurie out on the L'Oreal
ad jimena in Piccadilly Circus someone
saying you can delay the comments can
you how do you do at this moving fast
minutes ever moved before like what is
going on what channel is illness on itv2
i'm going back to lying here hope you
guys are fine with me like flying at
this angle can we change the light
effect dream glamour oh yeah beam there
we go I look like a ghost
let's do set here for a bit can we do
this for a bit you guys chill with that
spit out the cheering I'm sorry sorry
sorry sorry sorry nala as a hound 2017
at an ala would get stamped on who those
you're saying beam beam beam beam hello
just hold your finger down to delay the
comments oh yeah okay see what you mean
shoutout to Charlie Ives
it's so bright guys I don't think we can
do it I just blend into like white nurse
Oh edgy also I should probably say that
you guys should go listen to the podcast
new episode came out to Thursday see new
episode came out Monday obviously it
comes out every Monday so go listen it's
really funny it's called lower your
expectations you can search it in the
itunes store on the Google store and
it's basically me and Matt talking a
load of YouTube stuff and nonsense and
it's a lot of fun so go download that if
you haven't already where's Stephanie
Stephanie is in Berlin shooting a movie
which is crazy and she's coming to Paris
this weekend as well because she's also
working here for my god these comments I
swear they've never gotten this fast
Steffi is stunning you're lucky man
Marcus I'm stunning to come to tell I'm
beautiful yeah and tell myself this
every day where I'm in the hotel in
Paris like said I'm leaving in soon vas
is the cyst d how did you is there
anyone from Germany watching how do you
say what is the time in German
now the comments are just light stuff is
gorgeous Stephanie's gorgeous thanks
guys I'm beautiful to guy sorry I look
like Albert Einstein ok can you bubbled
I'm in Paris cuz I'm working here with
lore'l I'm going to off-white fashion
show fake sneeze I can't fake sneeze
more you but now cuz i'm scrolling down
the comments I don't know oh um I'm
trying to find out the German know when
you got I was asking for German v.v.v vo
pissed s is that right vivio is s that's
so confusing you guys know I am trying
to blend on them the combats vvo is Tess
tell me if I'm some probably prance not
wrong
i searched google translate and you say
what is the time in German like viche
bat miss Tess spat this chat is going so
fast tell me about your alone just
watching me it's fine we're alone
together I'm alone you're alone at we're
all alone release the hounds is tonight
guys tonight 9 p.m. UK time ITV to use
the hashtag release the youtubers I'm
still waiting to know if i pronounced it
incorrectly in German don't get arrested
again arrested when did I get arrested
is it just stop chewing gum okay I'm
going to put it out because so many of
your like stopped ruin your gum is it
just me or is this chat moving faster
than ever before somewhat this is boring
guys live shows on like I've not here to
entertain I'm here to hang out i'm here
to chat to you finger this i'm gonna be
really quiet tell me if you hear this
right i got this hotel room no Daria
cool it's so loud right I'm gonna I'm
gonna still I'm just going to stop and
listen ready
cool the one time I stop it stops
honking there's cars outside like bbbbb
the whole time why are you in black and
white because we're edgy
who's next in bed with me no one does me
myself and I
but you should pho is this here is
pierced and see that don't ever wear it
I also stretch my ear when I was young
oh when I was younger I stretch my ear
when I was 15 you know like River cuz i
wanted to where I wanted to can't speak
but I wanted to stretch I stretched my
ear I stopped watching harry potter for
this totally worth there well it is
worth it because I'm real and Harry
Potter's not oh and then there's a
billion comments oh I want to talk to
you guys about this week's video going
off on Sunday main channel it's a really
interesting it's so sketch it's
mockumentary and give your little
insight is all about I'm playing a
character of a marcus butler
impersonator so this person who's like a
stalker but he spends his life
impersonating Marcus but let me and it's
all about his life basically he was
quite funny it's quite long but I hope
you guys like it
who's in front of me nobody just me and
a TV
do I get nervous doing live shows know
if all of you were sat in this room if
there was like 1000 however many people
watching right now setting this room I
would myself to be honest did
anyone just hear that weird like turtle
Bob
I'm living in Paris well like said I
actually I do have to go to our don't go
so I need to get ready i'm in my track
is from traveling so i need to change
and then I need to go but I just wanted
to come on here and hang out quickly I'm
gonna do another lie like I said I'm
gonna always do something I'm gonna do
like live shows once a week and then I
don't do one for a week and I do two in
a week so that'll probably happen this
time but um yeah I'm gonna try and do
another one in the next few days so hope
you can come to that thanks hanging out
with me have a good thursday and make
sure you watch release the hounds
tonight 9pm itv2 UK time use the hashtag
release the youtubers boom
