I'm blue that birdie bird died a birdie
dad I'd be bad
die hello did this video a while ago but
we're going to do part 2 it's where I
have a look at what people have made
about me on youtube so if there's some
videos people have made about me and
we're gonna have a look at what they are
first video shoutouts must but this has
got eight views posted about a month ago
I'm just making a quick video for a
shout out to Marcus Butler oh he won't
check him out he's gonna maybe YouTube
subscribe like I just done there oh gosh
he was quite cute he's out Ted I don't
get that first he's like yeah I just
subscribe he's not subscribed to me - I
was gonna be able to do saying that he's
not doing hey subscribe to me and then
just unsubscribe so cheers me and his
channel is Jake the YouTube can totally
still play some videos now do all sorts
of different things or bless them he
made a video your support is
unbelievable
for views oh oh oh
Saturdays I when I did the 10,000 like
thing it was way too much I realized
that and now he's asking for 2009 and
that is me in the back guys like that's
still way too much crap - huh oh it's
complicated the 900 light
video in a minute guys let's go and get
this kid 900 life okay I'm going to like
it now Jake the YouTube King yeah
your support is unbelievable it's got
four views right now let's go get 900
likes right next video what we got here
Marcus Butler fact okay Oh like the song
reviews I'm pretty sure they've used
this from when I've done one of my music
videos despite being a Brian boy his
favorite city is London thank you one of
his favorite meals to cook is salmon was
broccoli and right
I literally that last night - the rice I
cooked salmon with broccoli and
cauliflower so this person knows me his
girlfriend as of the moment it's
deafening yi singer correct he has an
amazing book mmm book nama hey there's a
thank you thank you very much
those of you that read my book gave us
very nice reviews it was very nicely and
well critically received so thank you
his biggest fears was to me where did
they get this picture from hey this is a
little shoot I did for a magazine thing
on fit I'm pretty I'm happy with that
picture if you guys want me to do ballet
a body transformation like update
because I did one when I lost weight and
that was about two years ago I've been
on a complete different journey since
then so if you want me to do one of
those let me know and maybe other but
it's biggest fear as awesome B's in
terms of little things yeah my biggest
fear is watch some B's in terms of the
greater scale fears it's not that and we
took that in podcast actually so go
subscribe and listen to it find out what
that is has a sick unfamous rap oh yeah
I do
because birthday is December 18 1991
he went on MasterChef I did thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE comment and
subscribe
oh thank you also got four views oh I
met Marcus in brackets story she sums up
that if she comes up fifty view I met
Marcus but I love your cat my gosh live
it you jump cut
ah wait where is that let me think is
that when we filmed that's not a film a
video in public ah haha how
sophisticated for a young girl she's
very good at storytelling but I'm into
the story already so good job which was
amazing as if I was not okay like you
came over as like no piss off and then
watch all screaming oh I love the
classical music take a look at the photo
again oh she's so much younger in that
picture he's British four million
subscribers
ah she's the Sookie
I like the video love story time keep
them up
common pink lemonade you can do it and
then we've just got this how has this
got 1,700 views
Marcus Butler's impression of Phil
Lester and - come here Dan
new just draw me whiskers off ok so it's
just taken except of my video and
uploaded it so at 9:00 comments you did
the whiskers wrong how dare he looks
like someone has been listening to that
song this is one of my favorite videos
in the internet it was pretty good in
the beginning
for a moment it was like phil was here
this was offensive that's a spider
knowledge huh wait those bye
that's funny good one sorry sorry condom
and all that no we're ending the video
so I hope you enjoyed this if you want a
part three let me know because I'm sure
there's many more funny videos and yes
Oct 12 another one alright bye
