hello there listeners of low your
expectations welcome to episode 15
with your host marks Butler and the
person who can't do an intro mat by me
I've got a game for you oh I don't think
you're gonna enjoy this game
I think I'll enjoy quite a lot yeah so
you know higher or lower yeah I'm gonna
use that with Fame against yourself so
high e more famous are you less famous
so that a group of people that I've have
you got a list of also I've told you
this already you know how bad I am with
knowing celebrities and in general to on
probably automatically that means you're
you're more famous anyway so I don't
even know who they are this is are you
ready yeah Phillip Schofield though was
hello he's less famous than you is
Phillip Schofield so you're saying he's
more famous yes okay let's go for his
household name Church Marcus Butler not
there yeah okay
Davina McCool no also household name may
be Genoa on a global like else take the
UK out
I maybe mourn 25 percent of my audience
is America for Davina
watch out drama Rolla 25 percent morning
this is American yeah I don't know if
they're known in America zoella way more
famous who is she she gamer right Joey
Essex famous is like what would you
prefer the term beaver is famous but
what would you prefer well-known yeah
maybe well-known okay probably still
Joey
UK Joey Essex I'd still say are you're
more famous in the world that's not okay
I am more known
he's quite a lot of followers there he
has more followers on Twitter than me
3.5 million i said tom felton if you
don't know who it is good to be fair a
lot more followers on him a lot people
don't do well then Joey is more than
double that's good but tom Felton was
Draco Malfoy in Harry Potter yeah oh you
know Tom fell because when I say that
names a lot of people were like oh who's
whose eyes he's in Harry Potter tom
felton the name maybe not maybe not the
character Draco Malfoy I'm saying tom
Felton I'm not saying Draco Tom felt an
Instagram very similar really three
million three million do they he was
implant Liepa 30 he's more famous for
sure it's Harry Potter me Claudia
Winkleman she presents you used to
present the film BBC film and now she
presents with test daily Strictly Come
Dancing amongst other things as well as
she because I know the name I don't know
what she looks like oh yeah I know her
she a big name in the UK well she is
dream and show one of them strictly so
again same as the other answers in the
UK yes okay Tanya / way more famous way
way more famous and that was higher or
lower in on it do come back next week
for a new game Marcus but the game
though your expectations make sure you
subscribe if you're new make sure you go
download it share it with all your
friends and family and give it five star
review
other than that we will see you guys
next week goodbye
