hello sexy people welcome to will this
deep fry
today we're going cycling lineup we have
got meringue but I think that's very
pretty cool everyone's favorite Oberon
and Ricardo Norwich difficult alert
coolness begin get involved my Star Wars
coolers
you fear tottaly are you ready uh-huh
and we'll get a concentration flame of
all of them off what you're making that
noise
I put your banging ass up okay I was
trying to slip on that oh all right
offers like that
we're directly to three distribution get
that in there or a picado I can put a
ronin want that gun yes oh that it falls
off that's the thing with chocolate but
do you guys know how we can do it so
it's a bit better how it sits it just
falls off of chocolate straight away it
needs to be like thicker because that
isn't really gonna do knowing that stood
straight and on get out the bottom
no idea what I was like okay ruff
meringues may be done Oh failed all ice
is also do that absolute disaster bill
it scares me that thinks a lot and then
the chocolate actually five Jeff and
meringue out yeah yeah that's good
I'm so cold good good here we get out
yeah I think you need to buy another no
try
and how's the main event how we gonna do
this I don't know
slice of it I mean hot on this have a
college share shear like that oh my god
it's gonna be so disgusting
I'm honestly not sure about this at all
like at all
please prying avatar Oh seeing my house
soft it will be when it comes out so
step in some sinkers yes your high hopes
the avocado also all reciting the things
though interesting cause the message
forgive human I'm really not looking for
tasting that this plate looks very dead
Moran
things would seem to disappear or things
that fall I'm not looking forward to
this one guys at least not good at all
Oh Brian first up Milan oh no but
although that is wrong in so many ways
what is so strange about it is sticky
just wrong it's wrong over this is all
wrong
patience where the Baltic all over for
the chocolate milk and protein don't
care for Emma now
which doesn't be barbecued those button
in the meringue that kind of his life
we're both fine and manageable
well there we go I think that weird
episode so far disappointed with the
meringue absolutely great but the toad
room was honestly 9 out of 10 just as an
elf use it for something what the melted
chocolate emitter was amazing so it
gives me a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video
please
