hello hello hello hello back with
another quiz but get well not back when
I was back with another geography
challenge where ya gonna help with you
guys the most infuriating and difficult
rosy quiz you'll ever take
name a commentary that begins with the
letter D in here but my head is Delta
Airways and can't get Delta Airways
alpha and head that's good yellow three
countries at the end of day when we have
at counties and cities Denmark you would
have said to buy one here you would have
maybe country that ends of the SL I
literally Khan are you sure you've got
one everything in my head is Bob La Land
Robert land Portugal Israel ah Portugal
Israel Senegal Brazil Brazil Nepal name
a European country that contains a
double letter a double letter facility
name a non-european country that ends
with two consonants or consonant no
bloody hell
Fiji it's really hard I'm gonna give up
huh
the ends of two are we've got this wrong
not I saw him in like double letters but
it means I said New Zealand two
consonants which could be like ends in
ND I thought it meant double letter yeah
so Bangladesh Egypt Swaziland Thailand
New Zealand diver II I said New Zealand
name a US state that contains just four
letters all the US state explains four
letters you've got it was being miss
nothing away
Buller you care for New York Michigan
Illinois why that
a hotlink of any emcee Texas my w-4
easily a Texas are not I hear you you
Utah now you Jesus you thought cities
man we need a state okay
no is a state name a country that ends
in and our country's ends in our heart
donor a rich that mess in and I'm stuck
on that one guys
these ecuador el s√°bado Gasca idea
Qatar I mean it was not getting those
name a four-letter country that is not
in Asia or Fiji Fiji's not an angel
right smash that name a country other
than Japan that starts with the letter G
a name a country other than Japan that
starts with the letter J Jordan thank
you Oh
Jamaica name a US state that begins and
ends with the same letter
Alaska name an African country that
contains a double letter Sierra Leone
name a capital city that begins and ends
with the same letter or capital city was
our the one of Australia again o-chem on
a scorpion a surely that's gonna be easy
Rio de Janiero and by huh just hard I
really want to get this way but I don't
know but that's really annoying having
their oslo and angora warsaw Andorra
addis ababa - Ken Apia Astana st. John
st. George's Abuja and Accra name a
country other than khatallah
contains the less acute Iraq name a
European country that ends in the
letters said no zombie
oh so it can in your IV sir this is
account of the country's count Spain
Spanish high hand sunshine
name a European country that contains
the letters ed if you a mia latvia
bulgaria small bosnia huh Bosnia and
Herzegovina is that what it calls them
Oh Switzerland
ah that's embarrassing long name the
only u.s. state that ends with three
consecutive fouls Mississippi Missouri
what I've no idea Hawaii
AII name a country that contains the
letters AG Argentina does it mean AG
together singing Daisy together
Madagascar Paraguay traductor later name
a European capital city that contains a
double letter Barcelona in the capital
Dublin what Vienna Oh
Brussels neighbor country that ends of
the letter T final clue will society
giving up q8 there you are speed on
Egypt Ivory Coast ah name a US state
capital that contains a double letter in
USA state
yeah so you know yeah you got very
annoyed Pierre I can come on name a
country that contains the letters a you
that is not Australia Austria all is my
brain heart guys sorry I'm just giving
up
Mauritius Oh No and finally neighbor
country contains no letters from the
word mackerel that can just that can
Makarov be on it
feed our Fiji got 9 out of 20 right I'll
actually take that I get was a lot worse
than that
jeez that was hard though I feel stress
after any of you lied
so yeah there we go most stressful quiz
I've ever taken I hope you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up we did not see it
remember the bike
