remember the first one did a bit of so
nervous and if I'm over at the same time
we have a horrible combination
hello view to sexy people leg is math
and I if you listen to the podcast which
if you don't already I'll put a link
down mango subscribe to its free
downloader and this is the other place
be does it put a face to the name
yeah cool here we go I don't know one
meaning in that I think is going to
constitute screen but I am in shock
it's quite good that's why I like
sitting that side what's they don't I'm
just looking at myself so I'll try and
focus your eyes on this yeah yeah yes
we're back because we haven't done it in
a while look what we've got we've got
source boy also Matt was really hungry
and still studies literary starving so I
kind of thought into this video because
then you can have free food yes
trying healthy packs a case or spot a K
company which is a healthy description
snack book yada yada yada yada yada yada
I'm going to put links down here if you
want to check out yeah we send and help
you smack across most of Europe can we
start easy now in a subscription box I
format it comes monthly okay get around
10 snacks on I'm gonna do all the eating
nice I just always looks good yeah
that's lovely
yeah this is what it looks like if
you're not aware on carb or bot and I
take as long as I can't get there just
so please did you hear my stomach
earlier I'm literally so humble and
enough breakfast not my problem
and inside edgy open at 1 2 3 o magical
right let's hope you get your little
menu you want to take care of menu yeah
gonna and be striking while you're about
full of oh we've got some delicious
treats in here today what are you going
for chocolate brownie pops free in the
brown and it's salted caramel yes they
are going to be if you want to suggest
something do you want some and start
with something the knowledge of a tea
over the rice sticks so lightly salted
snappier
Rice's fine you sure you sure you like
in food as well though and it stays
religious alike this is what we're going
for
lightly filtered bait sorts of protein
really is beautiful to protein so it
gets for good for those backgrounds yeah
excited oh how they like looks like
edamame um well they're like they like
healthy versions of what are those
crisps like that but oh no and chips
chocolate bacon ones no no no no um chip
ones that you have the chip chip chip
see what they come up with a cool the
light blue and red packs yes almost
there like meme healthy bone without can
I really handle I'm going to leave it I
literally love them i'ma ride this what
Oh hmm no really good yeah we have got
the tea in here we're not going to right
now
raspberry Inferno tea got a lot of good
stuff in this box what about our the
drink to wash down Wichita oh what's
then we can keep like sharing that is
actually faster each search area Julie
no it's alright let's go with love raw
almond and coconut Organic snack bar
really like their brand genuine so looks
the branding yeah top right Brandon
hmm you see what I like about that is a
lot of those bars can be quite dry it's
like soft and squidgy moist it is why
not me it'll be a word that people don't
not like it's lovely and moist nah I'm
not using word morning we like coconuts
- so I love cookies you like open and
God going for a treat and that lot
because next we've got the soap caramel
coconut pen now coconut pet basically
coconut shavings like bakes crunchy air
dried raw coconut chips join go first
yeah make sure you don't get any on my
floor please I never be that all become
the favorite is have a say they are
amazing oh my god wow they're amazing
that is nine point five out of ten from
me so nine they are incredible I haven't
tried that I've heard a lot of that
flavors but they've my favorite flavor
I haven't had this before beloved
deeeelicious oh you like they and I look
at that I get id5 zest the orange date
fruit heart ah you've got love and dates
in one sense oh it's cute there you go
oh but it's quite huge
doesn't it when it was Valentine's Day
every day Oh
oh my god taste life better one please
no Wednesday tastes like tastes like
real version of a fruit winder yeah yeah
yeah she does but like a natural one not
same texture isn't it ingredient dates
and orange flavoring I like that was the
short ingredients list literally to this
look you know no super food truffles can
we get the redoubt raspberry and B tree
truffles from the functional food
company infused a beetroot and garnished
with freeze dried raspberries these
truffles are definitely stolen our heart
I really like your readout boys I don't
think you get a job as a voiceover my
got any a pop up as well my name is Ray
meant to accept berry ah
they eat o arian on a tray and I'm going
to be true and raspberry rot be true
raspberries that's a weird thing to me
to think to put together really good for
the work hmm put the whole thing in it
definitely what do you think that is so
because I'm not able to draw a thing
yeah I don't like be true to quintero
don't I be true I've just shown that
orbit on floor I know where eyes roll on
roll I hit the ceiling alley bowling
alley yet considering eyes don't like
speak on really needs to be true
actually
I'll take the rostrum or rather if
anyone takes to be Jack like this Peter
you've let me hungry for lunch I might
not be we're going to move on too I'm
really proud to say this brand wid also
is it pronounced it's the W Pineda would
be the revealed some mock German where's
it from
especially if you're joking so it's not
jumping in the distance that was like
Norwegian or something that would be
German African Mango pro-mix Vincent
ideal for the on-the-go snacking these
tubes are packed full of nuts seeds and
fruits to satisfy hunger and boost
energy beginning was amazing towards the
end they got weird when it's like but
I'm contrary more on your description
than the description actually where is
it
alright I suppose it's not to travel
with because you don't like say we just
had some apples pop the lid straight
back on oh yeah heard that on the floor
that's a good snack like the work snack
I think you know trying to get things
dynam in like this
Paolo it exactly you're three things
that we got the drink got the chocolate
let go the unconscious raw chopper
this is with wild cranberries these are
three loads different flavors you want
to go out doing the description of your
eyes I see my lines let's see let's see
what you have what kind of tone do you
want oh my directing this man versus I
think you got to go because it kiss it's
got a bit of sultry a bit sexy cranberry
kiss chocolate conscious shopper this
spongy chocolate bar it's sweetened with
right there was some shot but sweet
cranberries at a burst of juiciness
that's quite good yes not that yeah not
bad that's if it tastes better than not
that oh yeah this shot that like melts
in your mouth
by the way to the hole awesome
no please good yeah I'll just go for one
hmm
oh my god I forgot how much I love this
Bram I'm giving that a 9 out of 10 just
because I love how but I'm not cold
chocolate first like hard chocolate
person so that lets you just in the
mouth just like you can be not hold
Chuck suppose like to be on the fridge a
hard cold chocolate or is that place hot
it's like it's good like making work
with my mouth drawn a little washed out
yeah next we've got baobab super fruit
drink this is fruit drink packs of
fruity nutritional punch and is ideal
for a Casey afternoon refresher one spot
in the fridge no obviously this hasn't
come in the fridge so so I prefer a cold
drink and that nutritional punch is
interesting to put baobab in a drink
haven't seen that before baobab it is
that's going flooding an African fruit
shall tell you what it is quite bitter
yeah you know in the Lion King
yeah remember when the monkeys drawing
that sounds very loud that no way and
finally on our list is the 100% natural
organic raw chocolate brownie with
Himalayan rose so I think I know I like
these I'm very excited look as much as I
energy can yeah I really like that read
you really like that i if I'm very sweet
though I would choose this over this
what would you choose this hmm
tart what's been your favorite thing in
the box
- in there or cassava caramel yeah order
in at legs
so that's pretty much rounds up trying
to sports video we haven't obviously I'm
Domino's in like four months so it's
just thought we should do it basically
and like I said if you guys are
interested and you can go to source box
calm I'll put a link top line here where
you can find out about it how you can
get it etc etc so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed the video if you did give it a
big thumbs up and we will see you well
I'll see you tomorrow
dunno when you'll see though probably
never see me again guys probably really
high
