hello beautiful sexy people look at my
hair
yeah you probably have already seen the
vlog by now of me doing my hair but
welcome to a geography saying you guys I
don't know what it is right
the reason we do a lot of this on the
channel is because it just goes down
well people like it so we're going to
carry on doing them I think people like
it because it's like because we do have
worldwide things and it brings like the
sense of community and you know it makes
you feel like you're part of something
which you are you're part of your part
of me your pot fish Channel cringe rover
annoyingly difficult UK geography quiz
name an English County that begins with
an H heart purchase that I mean I
definitely cannot spell Oh foot a name a
well shitty that is in Cardiff or
Swansea let me think about this one
means of good Chi doesn't it like Glen
Glen Offerman that's just the Welsh name
isn't it I've tried Glen didn't I get
Glen can you can help me w nothing in a
wheelchair Windsor where is it when
seeing a Welsh sounding thing or can one
call me beat into it I can't be into it
give me the next letter WR do you know
him from a football team yeah Oh
Wrexham yeah how do you spell it I've
said that fer a WRX H EA though it
sounds also WR e ex h KN the I give up
newport unless it said city maybe rekt
from the town that Emilio you Rettendon
we give an ass that point sorry so so
far we too are to not having that name
an English country that is five at
County those five letters long if
you know what you know on English
counters five letters long get all right
Sussex Devon de vo and yes well Devon
and Essex or the only one name a city in
the UK that begins with W Windsor no
Wolverhampton Wolverhampton or
Winchester I meant not Windsor name a
Scottish city that contains a double
letter
I don't like it doesn't mean that it
must it yeah SS that it well have you
got one aberdeen aberdeen how do you saw
Aberdeen
yeah a Aberdeen much that what was yours
some do it's just one I he met Gigi huh
that's not together exactly yeah that's
what double veteran Wow
name an English county that doesn't
begin with a B but contains a B or
Cumbria what was yours
Cambridge er yeah summer Derbyshire and
Northumberland named an English County
the borders Wales what's Bristow and
we'll share no oh
chanty Wiltshire what I still live in
Bristol
what counties Bristol in West Country
mmm give up Gloucester share mock satyr
plays is name a Northern Irish city that
isn't Belfast
Northern Irish if that is in Belfast
Juneau Northern Irish secularism Belfast
you do
popke morning tea a part of the
community part of the community so good
community your part was where the
community is really good Bangor in when
spells are not I've been there I don't
know I'm piping Belfast I give up Derry
Nuri Lisbon name one of the three Crown
Dependencies of the UK sit what does
that mean what's Crown dependency that
world name one of the three Crown
Dependencies of the UJ situated in the
British Isles jelly thanks name one of
the countries that flanked the Humber
story what of what is the Humber story
what is that no idea give up East Riding
of Yorkshire name a city in the UK that
is four letters long bar name an English
County that doesn't begin with a W but
contains a double you call more weight
is Cornwall County try it
behind speller corn Lord Warwick
this isn't begin with WW contained W bar
Sherman an English councillor middle
shop Middlesex man oh I was right at
Cornwall yes I'm giving myself at the
Isle of Wight and we're named not only
for letter off for letter English County
rye that's a town you smash that mayor
in English city that contains a double
letter auric leads or giving I'll do
leads though apparently work ISM
Liverpool enough human name the only
English County that shares no letter
with the word badger dry I might try to
leave an accountant you say sorry right
that's it no York name data no Suffolk
yeah when I've got that you've got 9 out
15 right but I actually get two extra so
I've got 11 out 15 right because
remember they did it wrong I'm pretty
happy effects dinner I've got you and
jog rafi but yeah maybe some of you
around the country live in those places
if you're not from the UK probably never
heard of most of the counties or cities
but yeah give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will teach my open
on one all right bye
