hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
vlog and today is a very exciting blog
because I'm going to be dyeing my hair
so AC L'Oreal have bought out these
really cool new products which are part
of their color Easter stuff which is
where you guys can might dye your hair
at home in like a much easier simple way
than ever before and these are the
products here there's literally seven
different colors and these are the ones
that last between one and two weeks
which is what we're going to be doing so
basically you guys might seen in the
vlog I did really like a months ago when
we dyed my hair gray that was just with
one of their spray ones they're also
part of color ISA these are if you want
to do it a little bit longer so pretty
one lick she lost in one wash which is
cool because if you want to try
something you can dye it that color and
then it washes out where is this this is
going to last one to two weeks as I said
these are the colors that I'm going to
be choosing from I can let you choose
whichever one I personally think pink
would be a little bit too much for me so
we're not going to use paint but I'm
thinking either this past tool or this
pastel I think that's cool but it's too
dark for me I think that's also to film
to me also I have my hair blue before so
one of these too now icing on the back
it's going to show you what actually
looks like when it comes out so this is
before this is after would you say this
is like a blue that's before that's
after okay so you got oh that's cool so
showing you like if you're blonde it's
kind of like that I feel yeah so in mine
is going to look like that because I'm
blonde on the top I think we go this
color I mean green got team Marcus in
the house but Alex over there got sorry
over there it's not focused so you guys
actually loved it and Hannah is over
here and I was actually going to be
dyeing anodized my hair all the time but
she's going to be talking you guys
through it because if first time I was
on this so I want to do it right but
she's going to show you how easy it is
if you're doing it at home yourself
okay switch this camera guys as I said
Hannah is going to be showing you how
easy it is to do my hair is already like
you guys know is pretty white so
hopefully the colors going to come out
pretty well
if your hair is darker you can use the
color Easter bleach kit which will help
lighten it before you then color if you
want the color to be brighter
let's begin so before using the color
Easter always use a cow and the gloves
provided in a box
I'm guessing so you don't get it on any
of your clothes or yeah no I'm going out
and then also before you have to use the
product to make sure you do an allergy
test 48 hours before using the product
start fighting the back steps right yes
now begin the transformation obviously
I'm using a brush today but you can use
gloves just on its own just like a
product yes put this onto your hands and
onto the hair
yeah like I was saying in the blogspot
guys the color is the one day spray
which is is literally one washed and
then it goes is available in seven
different shades and yeah you saw if you
haven't seen go what's the road because
that is what happens when I use that I
dyed my hair gray with that and then
what we're doing color is a washout
which like said last one to two weeks
depending on how much you wash your hair
but yeah we're going for a blue-green
pasilla dr. unicorn on the process is
you rub it all through my hair and then
we wait how long 20 minutes appointed
behind believe it and then it's done
and then it's done I'm very simple
everything to make sure you always use
gloves while applying products that are
provided in the box
CPP okay guys we've had slight change
man I thought I was just going to do the
top but we're now just going over so
already for us as you can see it's super
easy to apply you can use a kind of
country to put up just to make sure it
uses psychology for you now to show you
guys how quickness is as well the actual
time we've been filming like showing me
here is 11 minutes obviously this has
been cut down but in terms of how quick
is taken to that a minute that's on 20
minutes per 50 20 minutes is gonna take
I'm going to take this see you guys from
ABC any minute so I just time 20 minutes
and this is how it's looking and we're
now going to rinse it in the bathroom
I'm really excited out comes up I don't
know if I can maybe show you guys this
is the rinsing process as we go you all
remove your feet and tell me if he will
stumble like any good so we their head
literate is rinsing with normal water
greet each other so nice listen you're
into it Manny
Wow I mean um is this wet so kind of
different but oh it's amazing yeah yeah
oh cool Ã¶zil then styling drum I really
like the color and it's wet so like I
said I'm now going to start it like
blow-dry it and then I'm sure you guys
have it Dada
here is the finish color and I think it
looks really cool
contoured it's like down there but from
there I'll give you a little spin so
done I should also let you guys know
that if you want to color your hair
permanently there is also color Easter
paint which will make your hair color
last longer than one to two weeks so you
can do that also I'm going to challenge
you to get creative get crazy with all
of your colors if
going to do at home I want to see you
upload your stuff use the hashtag do it
your way so I can see what colors you do
how crazy you get and now I'm going off
to the Loreal party tonight the color is
launched so it's going to go back to the
blog right let's go to the party I'm
going to show you the hair I literally
love the color of the heavily and I
showed you outside real quick because in
that to like say much like electro yeah
I let you love it let's go to the party
Mesa castle folks make it happen
inspiration every time in the gleam
office Thanks
we're heading to a school about their
business
here's what I wanna do is you can wear
on the color shape
that is me done the home from the party
really really really really cool party
Laurie always for the best parties and
yeah it's just really like Louisa
Johnson was amazing for men it's just
fun and also I put blue there and I've
also still got all the color Easter
products here on the table still got a
whole load of product set so maybe I can
carry on switching the color which is
cool might try some different styles out
maybe I'll die
someone else's hair next time a friend
drama be like yeah let's tie your hair I
know what I'm doing because it's so easy
but yeah anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog give the video a video a
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
tomorrow another video
