hey guys welcome to our vlog if you're
wondering Marcus
you still in your pajamas the answer is
yes I am
why do you think them do you there you
pretty good
yeah a night from prime Arne no amazing
today is a very exciting day I thought
would vlog the behind the scenes because
we're throwing video of Jack Whitehall
it's a sketch that me and shaking hands
film Britain and today is the filming
day but we basically got loads of people
we've got full-on production company who
have come in to help and thought it'd be
cool to time-lock the experience and
swine in pyjamas really possible for
Jack to record that on its flying as a
selfie just he needs to sing though so
it's like I don't know happy birthday to
you what a busy sings a song I don't
need to do it just say we're filming it
in bed I don't even did too did one with
Louise we didn't want Caspar it's a
series on the channel and now we're
doing Jack White and this is location
how did it pajamas feel good quality
don't ever say good quality I know a bit
scratchy not really swept through you
know spent for you yeah it's light and
make it just sweat
in terms of the toast try and we'll
figure out the try and work out the
moment yeah also the moment they pitch
me I have the tow strap hole to you what
did you think I feel like there's a mic
well I'm that when I actually get into
it I feel like I get rid of the toast
now I'm just I'm also myself that Megan
is just much quicker
hi I'm in bed now waiting for Jack
we're just on a run through and we ready
to go
focus focus focus now and lest we forget
King of Comedy
you're watching this online
because I wouldn't be great at survival
skills I would be great in a static
situation that's my content I'd be like
- struggling to get them back in their
eyes why didn't you wish me a happy
birthday
I did no you didn't yes I did I sent you
a personalized message yeah yeah
spinning gold what'd you think of the
binding by the way on the back have a
look like this
no in the best bit sellotape do you like
that like a sponge
you didn't even call in on my Instagram
service you even have my post
notifications turned on I have yours on
my tractor you ready for this one yeah
shoes on
I did ask but even this is gonna get
that promo get that boom in come over
links in the buyer to buy it what you're
sorry what's the URL and also because
hello has been retired I'm taking can I
have it no you can't buy it it's free
one it's got Peyton on that
