hello beautiful sexy people a different
location a different place in the world
different hotel I'm currently in la Los
Angeles the beautiful town
sissie there one day I hope to live in
I'm here with Nike and I'm gonna be here
for the next couple of days so if you're
watching this and you want to come up to
them make sure you check out my
Instagram because I probably don't know
the stories on there also I should point
out I was traveling my microphone the
the battery the thing the microphone is
left on what in my suitcase and
therefore I'd now don't have a battery
for the microphone so apologies that
also quite tired because I have
literally just got off the plane like
straight from the yoke of the plane into
those without being here 20 minutes now
fell then yeah YouTube lied so if the
sounds bad
bear with me at least we gotta like hey
it doesn't look it but this room is very
very big okay
twelve steps fantastic content missus
Wow anyway today's video I'm gonna be
having a look at some Malfi moments me
and Alfie we grew up through YouTube we
rise together we became YouTube friends
back when we had like a few hundred
subscribers we have like a nice story
and with great friends and yada yada
yada yada yada I think I've got a
compilation here of Malfi moments I'm
gonna have a little look and see what
it's like basically so here we go mouthy
moments hello so I am here today guys
with alcohol what's up guys are today
Misha ah
I loved that t-shirt I thought it was
the freakin coolest t-shirt what on
earth is it I thought it was so cool
cause it had my glasses on it you see a
glove somewhere and it's got diamonds on
it I just thought it's cool it's not
cool passed Marcus a pal okay I love a
good pal good old pal
oh whatever can watch this I don't know
if I can watch this we used to do like
music videos I think most of our prized
it now where we just played like One
Direction oh Justin Bieber and just lip
sync to those I don't know how much I'm
gonna be able to show on here because of
copyright but let's give it a go I think
if you see from TV I mean look at my
chub let's just talk about my shop there
my baby shop this is the day we filmed
the chicken oh you challenged at his
house and I think I was really high over
that day so those are some of my
favorite videos I made without food the
P o box fan mail opening stuff and I
think we did three we've added two or
three and it just got way out of control
the amount of stuff we were receiving
the place that was having our P o box
was getting really angry us cuz we paid
for something this big and we were just
getting so much stuff yeah that's why we
starting bits on Finance moments you saw
me in the road and you're like man look
fuckers
picture how we actually met is that I
was sitting in my office on
oh my god we were such wonderful fanboys
I mean don't get me wrong it really
works well for the YouTube channel
liking one direction any tweets anything
OneNote related did really well I'm
looking at cringing so hard but
are your muscles ready for motor opening
look at my colors man it's so good
because it feels and I'm watching us now
it feels like that is a different person
I'm looking at myself there and I'll
feel but with just different people that
there's no it was so young and we're so
fresh into YouTube
but swift to describe each other in one
word I've genuine I have you come of
where I've come at what I think I've
come up with one I want to see if you
come up the same one to describe me
three two one slap all ties whichever
stinky little flap this is the money all
of it yeah I think with all the one
erections tell I was subtly like making
fun of it
deep down Alfie was a real fanboy no in
my ear stop
oh my god is this a clump of hair Oh
someone's actual hair this is I use this
story to date I that means me and grease
and some appear as me what's the
weirdest things happened someone sent a
whole lump of chopped head
No Oh No but yeah
someone's too right one must not think
you don't know boy you just do that I'm
just you know step straight off
I have to raise my hand and toasting
here guys I've never watched High School
Musical before in my life sorry don't
hate me oh oh
he is the most annoying person to wake
up when he was blogging it's like 7:00
a.m. and trying to get ready and he's
like shoving the camera in your face
singing at me what are you doing I just
say yeah yeah yeah yeah this was the
best time of YouTube honestly like this
is we're just having fun
didn't know what YouTube wars or
anything yeah right smokers this t-shirt
is quite cold oh yeah oh he does know
what
all right if you guys want another
pierre boxing video of Alfie give the
video a thumbs up and leave a comment
now it's got my head okay
I've got plenty more music videos
privative of me and Alfie actually
singing Justin Bieber and stuff on my
channel so maybe we'll show you that
next time anyway I really hope you guys
enjoyed the video
it's obviously put a massive smile on my
face so I'm gonna film like another
video now she's done this video Lots I'm
in like a really nice mood to then go to
bed yeah I hope you guys enjoy that if
you didn't make sure to give it a thumbs
up and I'll see you guys tomorrow on
bite
