blue hair don't care yo what's going on
beautiful sexy people are you we're
normal it's very popular thing on the
internet to tweet like where it is cool
and I'm totally for that I was one of
those people that would tweet that I am
you know I'm totally about being weird
being yourself not like purposely trying
to be weird because that's weird but if
you are weird that's fine that's cool to
be weird it's not weird to be weird it's
only weird to be weird if you're forcing
yourself to be weird
all sama composed oh you weirdo normal
black or white
what if you don't want Eva I would go
for black even though I'm wearing white
black is usually my choice of color pick
one the obviously the colors is much
more ass like seeing color spread out
layer so it's also a bit like my hair
pick one dog or cat or orange I like a
really light both I've never had a dog
though so I'm going to go with cat pick
one waffles or pancakes waffles or
pancakes oh I'm going to give ba
pancakes
rain or some Sun I mean don't you ever I
like the sound of rain and it's alright
oh yeah but it's just annoying
isn't it like when you want to go
outside I see you at the post office
yesterday and it was raining then it's
just like
vanilla or chocolate no one's using
vanilla now I only change you know I
only change it from coloring pick one
shot off fish fish shot all day Bruce
Wayne's Bruce piece or doughnuts I've
never really been into doughnuts to be
completely honest like looking at
lounges it just doesn doesn't do it's
memories pizza I'm ready to demolish
that Britney Spears or I don't know
Instagram or snapchat Instagram I was
snapchat like do love snapchat but
Instagram I'm really doing instrument
follow me at Marcus Butler
go follow me go follow me so I don't
really know evil those are those one on
the left
cats or pancakes cats sharks off we just
been taking what I've selected shops
Pisa or dogs dogs but who who's that
I think you guys from who the bounty hey
now you're a raptor you're after one of
the left
you got normal you're normal
congratulations you're not some big
weirdo you're good at going with the
flow and having the situation's life
throws at you you're not boring you just
know what you're doing ah that's a nice
summer I host get like really deep off
reading these some up to my oh you
really feel like you know you resell
you've got to know me they're BuzzFeed I
will take that so thank you very much
thank you choice videos a little bit
sure but it gives video a thumbs up
anyway and I'll see you tomorrow with
another one goodbye
