yo yo yo I am a frequent flier I'd like
to say if you're listening to listen to
the podcast but I talk about lots of
different things if you don't know the
podcast of the way that via link just
down there it's called lower your
expectations it's free it's on that's an
iTunes link but it's on Android devices
so just search it even my name or lower
your expectation yeah I had I had 16
flights in January which is mental like
literary men we're going to find out
apparently only a frequent flying at 12
out of 15 on this Airport quiz I'd like
to think I can do that
you fly into hartsfield-jackson Atlanta
International Airport what does your
tickets say ATX la-ta-ta LNT ATX
I was actually going to say a gel or no
you flies now think what I haven't been
to these places so it's a bit biased you
find helsinki-vantaa Airport what does
your ticket say H&K no ATO you fly into
Portland International Airport what does
your tickets APO are no PDF so from here
I basically need everyone to write you
fly into Dubai International Airport
what does your ticket say UAE very
annoying you fly into Tokyo
International Airport what does your
ticket say tyo
h ND h ND why not pocket you're going to
Chicago O'Hare International Airport
what does your tickets a CIA Ord you
flight what this is the only one I'm
actually going to get right you fly to
London Heathrow Airport what does your
ticket say nhr hey because I've been
there I know you fly into George Bush
Intercontinental who's an airport what
does your tickets say ghb I a like where
are they getting that from International
Airport Houston is that where that's
coming from
maybe I need to try and work this out a
bit more I'm being a bit gassy right now
you flying to Beijing Capital
International but what tripping is it
capital CH n because we get that C is
pk9 boy this but I really really really
wanted to China like mainland China I've
been to Hong Kong which is amazing but I
don't know if I already
else you fly into San Francisco Airport
what your tickets say I think because
I've been here I think it one says SFO
yes that's it
our San Fran I like Sam Brown I'm trying
to think how many times have been
Francisco up in San Francisco why fly
into madrid-barajas International
Airport were dripping so and a thing is
MD as ma do I haven't flown into Madrid
you blind to Brisbane International
Airport what should here say humph loans
Britain in special but I do want that
burger Brisbane International Airport so
it's going to be BMV be any I say so
hard signs that this nvo bonito horrors
International Airport LBJ mmm up into L
on you fly into Orlando International
forward sure ticket say it should know
this because I go there a lot I think
it's o RL MCO finally after all our
whirlwind traveling you fly into
Auckland International Airport what does
your ticket say ako hey you got four
hour 15 right I don't think you've ever
actually been to an airport
no I just think you don't actually
remember that that who remembers a
three-letter combination of an airport
they've gone to so I'm not having any of
that think you take that back stop being
so rude so I'm quite offended actually
after taking part in this yeah I'm going
to go so I hope you enjoyed the videos
can video thumbs up tip now see you
tomorrow good bye
