yo what down this was eighty people
welcome to the kitchen welcome to
episode two or will dis deep-fry don't
back to this don't have a name yet but
whatever today is very plying because
you've thought this we've talked about
this a lot so we're going to be seeing
today if marshmallows okay favourite
marshmallows what they're like deep
fried deep fried a big old donut and
probably the most rounding a banana
never seen the deep Ragnar so we're
going to see if this work so we've
already got our pancake mix here we last
time we did just flour more to me back
to your pancake mix because a lot of you
like it will taste better so got bit
pancake man haha that doughnuts going to
be pretty special or look at that in
middle like kids I'm quite scared
because oh no doughnuts going in
marshmallow food for them in yeah gosh
my nose I ponder over it it's a shame to
put the doughnut already nice not to
give it a few more minutes
marshmallow are they're attached look at
that oh good all right oh gosh guys are
weird
that is the marshmallow oh that one's
okay I think that's failed I think mark
knows from this don't work you try and
flip the donut oh I think I should get
them out as a big time fail it's an ice
cream though well your thoughts so far I
think I future halos then this is my
neck business mark is the fat prize
offered in andrew
we hit the banana on a drag what can you
massage the put on for business you
couldn't get it covered my truck and
show it that look things as a load you
going to try the marsh Mike Nichols to
play I'm quite scared like toys but
that's the played that's just bad it's
not really any truck leave a couple more
minutes because that one is perfect the
top half doesn't to refuse shot as an
honor to I'm bringing the old owner out
that is impressive
out with the old and in with the new
I'm quite excited banana quite worried
around the mana so some on the
bottom
owner oh my god likes a bubbly fun
so unfit second one oh that looks weird
Oh looks like a rescue like we old a
banana I've been in for a little bit on
the bus and weird but it looks pretty it
looks a lot better than I thought it
would be speak completely smart nice
little food submit genital warts he
doesn't let the ice which does not that
weird mail now looks like it so we have
our three finished product marshmallow
is just an absolute failure like clearly
doesn't work donut though literally look
at that that's quite amazing include
from zona
interests them freaking trial take up
the little Donuts you get the static Ram
yeah it'd be good that works all right
all right hold still what the sprinkles
on like you still taste the sprinkles
from Vegas or grooves or dissolve that's
what happened so much matter but I don't
hold it like valleys of efficiency guys
don't beat prime marshmallows kiddies
doesn't work looks like um Cheryl we're
going to had that yeah fix on that
doesn't sure
here we go deep fat fried banana this is
it sitting at the smells not going to
let go oh my legs discussed those pieces
that one out
oh oh I think there's a reason like deep
fried bananas on things that disgusting
marshmallow gets a zero rating sale
'banahna gets a of one and donut on
giving a eight out of ten so yeah hope
you guys like this video do give a
thumbs up if you'd like some suggestions
to see what with deep-fry next leave
them down below I'll do tomorrow bye
