hey yo what a beautiful day to be Baja
today as you can tell by the type of
thumbnail is it sad and filthy oh yeah
with a fandom that there are lot quizzes
on the internet about how much someone
knows about danisnotonfire and
amazingphil and though they claim to be
hard
it all seems we made a comment comments
and knowledge so sit back and prepare
hardest quiz further what's the most
random knowledge about your favorite
youtubers downhill what month is Phil is
not on fire if they uploaded let me
think about this here was one recently
that was December in which video did Dan
smack his bum and proceeds to talk about
smutty
science fanfiction concerning himself I
mean could be any those fandoms tumblr
tag 3 I will go down with the ship
dancer I'm going with Dan and silver at
tumblr who has tomba like if you guys
you somewhere I have tumblr I never ever
use I used to use anything try like try
to get into it up I just I don't know I
don't really use it so do you guys use
tumblr do you see tumblr as an active
social media I don't know if I should
start using tumblr again maybe I'll stop
folks on there should I stop post on
tumblr again I don't know number 3
filled once uploaded a video to his
channel saying that he was actually an
American who pretended to be British
what was his American name Kyle Alex
show Robert see valid for Charles main
Alex what is filled brother's Twitter's
so over the brother I think it must be
Martin on
the top market master who'd is Dan film
how to speak Internet with her wasn't
Jasmine's in yeah I'm pretty sure
Chester what is the full title of first
video online gaming channel me still
must be or is it monkeying around if
even monkeying around or me deal how how
how I think it might be monkeying around
how long did they live in Emma who knows
the arms do this like August 11 to July
12 which of their openly gay friends has
admitted to shipping fans VidCon and
also Tom's father asleep under the
surface got really answer which of these
videos that Dan have to take down to
keep from being sued what why I learned
early on why was he going to be to like
a French teacher porn better stalker
prank stool Caprona cool how to use
again how does it begin finally what is
the longest that is though of being
apartment the one month two weeks
so worried we're doing this video tetryl
oh I love my dictionary impressive you
got a lot of answers right I say you're
a fairly decent member of the fandom
thanks taking my quiz you have correctly
answered 5 out of 10 questions on
average 2200 feet of you statistics quiz
gave 5.78 right answers so I'm a
fraction I'm an average member of the
fandom dudes does define them except
Nanta member or have I triggered you so
I've treated you come for me
there we go that's of a weird strange
video but I hope you like that you
probably do because it's downfield
I'm give this video a thumbs up I was
this moment of all I goodbye
