yo hello hello hi people of the internet
just gonna wait what's up I hey Sam yeah
you're the first person to come in first
person to comment congratulations
hello hello hello hello so I've just
come back from our l'oréal party it's
really really cool
I've actually got I was actually blue
I've got blue hair which I'm not showing
you properly hang on one second no
showing you properly because you're
gonna see it soon like in the next
couple of days properly sewed on a video
brother anyway I've just got back we
just eaten I'm quite tired but I just
thought I'd hang out I wanted to hang
out of you guys for a bit so um
like literally really chilled it in and
how long like I usually do my our live
show every which I've done but I was
like you know I was gonna watch
something and then I've got a date with
a piano tonight no ah so I kind of want
to show you guys what I can play so far
and then talk to you and play and just
like see what you think basically I'm
not that I'm gonna make it a scream I'm
not like super talented or hear that but
I've never had lessons everything I know
I've taught myself I can't read music
but I've got a good ear for music always
have had a good ear for music so I can
kind of hear stuff and play it a little
bit and I picked things up quickly so
with that said should we jump into the
song yeah bear in mind I have not played
piano bow a before I did before so I've
had this piano I used to have it when I
lived at my family house in my bedroom
so I haven't played this in probably how
do I moved out now for two and a half
years
so yeah I don't know where's good to put
you guys maybe uh hang on a minute
something like that does that work like
can you guys even hear me tell me if you
can hear me and tell this because if you
can him in here that then I'll leave it
there whilst I pay for about you can
hear everything fine cool let's just uh
let's begin
so this is probably the first time I
can't even pay the whole thing but
farm and others because gonna
comment about guys that's someone yeah
whoo who knows that song said it's too
late
so yeah that's like I just really loved
that song that song meant a lot to me
growing up and like when I had one of my
like first girlfriends she broke up with
me as if you've read my book you know
when I was really really young when I
had one of my first girlfriend when she
broke up with me and like yeah I was
like 14 or something
I was really sad and that is the song I
like used to listen to my life so hard
so yeah that's that song number one yeah
I want to see here your chat a little
bit see your see your chat hear your
chat I want to see your chat chat but so
that I learnt ages ago there's one new
song which I've been learning if you
follow me on instagram you would have
seen me playing in my stories I only
started learning it 10 days ago and
basically the thing with me is if I if
what I like get into something if I'm
passionate about something I will
dedicate so much time and like until I
can do it so if I if I think like oh I
want to learn to juggle I'll keep doing
it as much as I can until I can do it
like I don't kind of think oh yeah I'll
try it say oh can I so I mean there's a
song I want to learn I'll be like really
anal with playing it until I can play it
learning it until I can play it if that
makes any sense
only not I'm trying to say here so that
was apologize One Republic I'm gonna
place you down here I'll play you a
couple more things okay so a classic
song which I've known like I taught
myself I can't even play all the back
and just play like a few of the chords
that's as much as I know of that song to
be honest that's a classic song called
few release I really wanted that like
that was that was a kid who I was
friends of in school like used to teach
me that and that was the first you
played it wrong so I've never learned
never had lessons never read music this
was all just what I got taught at school
from this kid and I remembered to play
that so yeah I know there might be some
actual pianist which nurse or some
proper like piano players watching this
will probably cringing or like oh my god
what even is it like what are you doing
but yeah I just like hang out and play
yes now the next song this is what I've
been spending so much time on I don't
even play it yet but it's like one of my
favorite pieces of Kennedy's
might take me a while to get into it so
just just bear with me again if we might
make mistakes but if you're okay with
mistakes I'm I'm always okay with
mistakes
and I'm learning an expert sight
so that's um that's I've literally like
I said so I started learning at ten days
ago but then I was out the country for
five days so I only started playing it
again last night but yeah that's the
status of that song that's from the film
Amelie by the way it's one of my
favorite songs I think it's a beautiful
beautiful beautiful song and I really
hope I can learn the rest because then
it goes up it's like you know like goes
Avalon so that's something I'm learning
I also like I literally can't do this at
all I started to learn this I'll it I've
like worn out on tell me if you know
what this is from I probably messed up
so much
anyway I clearly cannot play that hey
you all know that slot island serious
stuff remember I was in my last live
show I was talking about it with you
guys I was like singing as like soon so
I literally only just started this but I
clearly haven't even practiced yeah
anyway yeah so that's um that's some
piano playing I've been up to recently
but I just really like it really relaxes
me
and then I just focus on I'm just don't
a time just seems to pass by
I know I also can play to be honest
those you and I love your hoodie thank
you this is I got it today LM DM sent me
a new package so if you have me on
instagram you can go sit there they send
it to me
it's super cool and the Hat look at the
hats pretty cool too but yeah that's um
that's the updated piano like I said
probably suck compared to a lot of
people out there but yeah play mary had
a little lamb
and then there was also no but this time
true guys men but do you know this is
from other lady common Bret yeah someone
knows this rugrat student dan dan dan
dan dan dan dan just sort of a comment
saying do I play football
I don't play regularly I can play I
played inside my match but I'm actually
funny enough playing football tomorrow
night Dave asked me if I wanted to play
and I was like yeah alright I'm free
tomorrow night
also who loves pimples
they don't just love them you have 3% I
also am on a battery shortage right now
yeah so cool spot how do I learn so how
I learn piano is through YouTube stuff I
watch someone play they'll like they'll
show me the chords that it is and then
I'll kind of literally just remember
that and then just practice play it out
that's that's also on the list I might
learns I'm gonna play tonight like in a
minute I'm just gonna practice so what
should I learn if any of you know piano
I'd quite like to learn Adele I really
really really want to learn if you know
I think it was in Twilight
it's called River flows through you but
I can't it's like very hard to learn so
yeah someone said river flows in you
honestly it's like that's hard someone
like you is easy place um so yeah what
do you guys think I can't guys you're
like river flows in your car I'm sorry
that's when as I progress I'd like to
learn but I would like to try that but
yeah maybe John Lennon sound of silence
have you been drinking again no why do
you think that was is this is one
persons that have you been drinking
again I told you last time I drunk
alcohol was oh actually you know I I had
one glass of wine with Stephie the other
day when on Saturday night one got off
someone
cheery LaBelle's Emily Santa oh yeah
reader about oh my god yes that is a
beautiful song dude I'm not gonna sit
here yeah
read all about it I might do that I'm
still reading a suggestion so if you
have any well I am tired skinny love Bye
Birdie that's also a great check or if
you guys can tweet me because this chats
hard true like when I get off of here
I can see obviously I'm trying to read
them now but also like on Twitter
I saw another great suggestion seven
years once our seven years old ma'am
mama tell me baby cat don't make
yourself at home
y'all be long day because o me last ah
love ya
next me Emeli sandé I'm loving these
suggestions jar of hearts
woody o-rings mean nothing people always
think rings like mean something they
don't mean anything I mean this me I'm
not swanky this middle ring is special
to me but other than that that just
rings
I wanna see this thank you thank you for
having an ingrown hair right there love
it fix you by coldplay us are this I'm
gonna I'm strict I want to start
something tonight
but yeah I'm stressing at the amount of
options I have to learn so if you know a
beautiful piano song tweet it to me
but yeah I just like said I just wanted
to come on quickly and hang out with you
guys I am gonna go and actually play a
piano now like learn stuff so yeah
thanks for coming hanging out I hope
you're having a good Wednesday night and
I will see you soon all right thanks for
hanging out
