in the window no wow exactly hey what's
going on beautiful sexy people hopefully
it's not too echoey I'm currently in
Berlin at the moment in a flat where
there is literally just a mattress so
you're gonna hear my lovely voice
bouncing all over the walls but we're
just gonna deal with it okay so today
we're going to be finding out how normal
are your first date decisions in my life
on it probably wouldn't have been on
like loads of first dates so I don't
really know if this is gonna be that
good for me or the options which sounds
like the best place to have a first date
dinner date the movies drinks a bar a
coffee date something wild and
unpredictable okay here's my thoughts on
me if dinner date for your first date is
white intense it's like you have to come
with the chat because you're gonna be
Sattar Edhi upset this person the eyes
the eyes for like the like two hours so
you have to be ready to chat the movies
 this date I don't know if you guys
are trying to get a first date don't
think about going to the movies because
oh you really get to know someone
oh my god hi yeah I kind of like you
let's go and sit in silence and stare at
the screen for two hours my favorite on
here is Eva drinks at a bar or a coffee
date they're kind of the same thing
I probably have drinks at a bar because
you know you get smelko flowing and you
get a bit more chatty so drink about 32
percent like a coffee date see that was
my milder option you've agreed to meet
your date at 8:00 p.m. what time would
you get there I'd get there a little
earlier than eight I wouldn't want to be
late I'd arrive right ATM I'd get there
a bit after 8:00 oven ones
yeah personally I'd get there like five
past 8:00 because I never want to be the
first person there like if you
I'm trying to walk around finding them
or something a lot of people I've gone
with the least the the lowest choice
month
how would you greet your date oh this is
a tricky one
with a simple hey how are you with a
friendly handshake hello
that's too formal with a hug hi yeah
with a kiss on the cheek for me I
probably go hug because kiss on the ton
never when people go for them always up
yeah so it what is it one is it oh yeah
it's two or oh I've gone the wrong
way first and we've almost kissed lips
I'd go over how you can host guy you can
go girl I like hugs I was going for a
big hug
Walker whilst filming this video by the
way I'm sat opposite those other flats
literally like and they've all got
windows and there's a lot of people in
them looking at me say I'd go with a hug
I said right with her a 44% you meet up
with someone you've met only to find you
met online
only to find out that nothing like
they're on my picture how would you yeah
I'd confront them about them and see
what they have to say absolutely not I'd
give them the benefit of the doubt and
just see where the date goes I'd be
pretty offended that they lied to me and
I would leave thank you I would never
confront imagine they said oh by the way
you look nothing like your pictures
you've give them the benefited out and
just see where the date goes I'd
probably do that sorry - I would never
be able to saying so I just be I okay
cool they're not how they look in that
picture but I'm just gonna go go along
with their you're about to order your
meal on a dinner date when you discover
that your date is a vegetarian would you
order a meat dish yeah I mean I wouldn't
change what I am for someone yes of
course it's not like they have to eat
oh yes but I'd ask if they're cool with
me eating meat first
no I was something happen to be polite
that's perfect because I'm vegetarian
too I probably say the fire I mean yeah
I would order a meat dish tonight I just
order it I wouldn't even art it but I
wouldn't be like it's not a very you
know I just that's what I'm gonna eat
you notice that your date has some food
lodged in between their teeth do you
tell them I would definitely time right
yeah I definitely tell them I would try
to ignore isn't because otherwise I just
feel really awkward because say they
then as soon as I see it I'd be like
really politely this is what I don't
know you've got something that you know
and then you can kind of like you laugh
and it becomes a joke whereas if you
leave it if you notice it and you just
leave it when they go to the toilet or
whether they sit there they gonna feel
awful because they've then be like oh my
god have had this in my mouth the whole
time and they they would have definitely
seen it I'm said nothing so if you're in
this situation always always help so
close you Matt being with Matt and he
just bloody doesn't do that he just yeah
he just tells you like three hours later
well you got something here by the way
all right did you see that yeah yeah
sort of
oh cool man cool clean oh definitely
tell them halfway through the date
you've suddenly realized that you've
completely forgotten your date's name
what do you do apologize for getting an
awesome to repeat the name try to avoid
ever saying a name until you figure out
what it was put their numbering I hope
you get the name that way I couldn't art
I couldn't apologize personally I'm so
sorry what's your name ID would try to
avoid it and wait for them to say or me
remember it or yeah get their number in
your phone yeah I'd be like oh so I'm
not chappy oh oh oh what's your
Instagram or like oh what's your and
give them the photo then they'd search
and then
so that's kind of same as get the number
your date excusing themselves to use the
restroom what do you do once they are
away use the restroom to mess around if
I tell you about worried they might run
off and left you just wait I probably
have a quick check on my phone just see
if anything's going on like does anyone
text me or and I think social media was
popped up I've always just wait unless
it's a disaster and then I'd perhaps a
asleep I would never never be able to
leave like that example says they're
worried they might run up and left you I
wouldn't know if any of you have ever
been on a first date and you've left
without telling them so you mean up from
me and I'm saying
blip cheaters left you're an awful
person if you've done that yes they just
wait
1% use the restroom to most however oh
yeah I need to use Russell oh you have
me - I'll come you're on a dinner date
and your date orders a meal triple the
price of yours at the end of the day who
pays oh I'm always I'm always gonna be
like yeah okay we paid for our men so I
pay they pay 5% said I thank you I mean
that's like I don't know I was brought
up that way but it depends if it's your
first day then yeah I'd want to almost
be like nice and generous and be like
look it's on me I'm obviously in the
minority there how did you feel about
kissing on the first day if the date
went well then have no issues with an
end of date kiss be kissing on sheets as
far as I go on Thursday I would never
kiss on a first date
we're so Hawks it completely depends on
the scenario if it feels right and
that's good energy and like everything's
going really well
then well I'll just click that then sure
like if both people are feeling it but
then there might be really super awkward
and both people aren't into that and
it's like can I take some time so if the
date went really well how long after the
date would you wait to contact them the
day after the first day
immediately after the date ended a
couple of days after first day a week I
probably just wait and come
personally I'm always like the certain
on a date I'd probably yeah texted me
like hey tonight was really fun really
enjoyed it nice to meet you blah blah
let's do something again soon oh I press
the day off the first day that's wrong
that is the end of that this was kind of
fun because it's not just like me taking
quizzes
I guess me giving a little bit of advice
it's all slash personal experience so I
hope if you're younger you maybe got
something out of that but I would love
to hear some of your first date
experiences or stories or anything later
so you leave your comment below and give
the video a thumbs up and I will see you
tomorrow with another video all right
goodbye
