hello listeners or blow your
expectations when you're saying hello it
reminded me in the most recently in
Channel video bomb with Joe his
impression of you doing hello it's quite
good
hey lovely Joe says if I said hello yeah
that's what I is that bad a good
president was right I'm amazing I wanted
someone cotton recently and he was like
oh my daughter's obsessed recoverable Oh
what does he do she was like makes
YouTube videos and he says hello that's
his catchphrase and the dad was like all
wise hello and then he referenced some
other catchphrase I get those he's like
how can hello be a catchphrase and then
he said to me that then I watched on
your videos saw the way he said I was
like yeah he's a good catch for you hate
the jury on catchphrases oh thank you
hopefully everyone has if not everyone
the majority of you have seen youtubes
in bed so we've actually written two
more episodes so episode turned 3 parts
of it involve masturbation and we're
reading things through in public places
we get what we're talking about
it's a funny looks make it clear
actually although it's like what a lewd
like subject we're trying to do it in a
education almost way yeah but it's
enlightening rather than just about the
joke haha wanking and when we do writing
sessions we like to try and go to a
coffee shop or something like so then we
will be very careful you like to read it
through afterwards yeah I remember the
best example when we're in an O God I'm
 shot the Seaboard and the woman
just turned around
luckily was not worth even I was like
it's prescript if I was like I didn't
hear you can definitely do something low
it popped on the old internet Marshall
pass if you don't know what it is it's
where people are presenting people with
oh and always and girls isn't it's not
just yeah I've only seen it boys doing
it for girls so exactly they're looking
at girls and going would they smash them
so would they have sexual intercourse in
there would they pass at the wording of
it so it's like we've gone back to 2008
or something it's so like aggressive
with those things as well I just I
really
when lads and guys are like yeah make
she'd get it and I'm like what from you
that was should she'll just get it from
you I don't I just know I've never army
it object decisive doesn't know it's
like they're not even people like thing
which is very immature I don't
understand why it's blown up by V have
you seen some of them might as like
partners do it so that
boyfriend/girlfriend a little bit yeah
then they will look at things that all
yes what is in a couple a couple all do
it
what the that we unless they're in
an open relationship or they're looking
for a chunky three-way YouTube so good
for like being progressive and like so
many good things have come from it it is
just like I don't know stupid or just
also goes back down to the whole thing
it's like you're literally you're
judging someone on like two seconds of
looking at them on itemized like for
them watching them it because a lot of
them it's like youtubers they might see
if they're in the fun though Oh what's
this event is that people debating where
they would have sex with you or not but
it's not weird isn't it's nice for them
there is a very weird thing where you
could do like smash or pass on food
though you know well I won a on my yard
smash that yeah so I guess the
connotations on what I'm not talking
about like I would make a delay with a
burger I mean like smash an avocado as
always of course make sure you subscribe
to give it five stars and leave your
lovely review because they're really
nice to read through we do really want
to check them on iTunes
so yeah share with your friends family
and anyone else you think will enjoy it
so yeah hope you guys enjoyed and we'll
see you next week in our episode all
right
