yo hello beautifui just there we are a
bit more central hello beautiful sexy
people just let's just ignore my hair
today it's fluffy s and Swift my shed so
I'm Pradesh oh did you know that a lot
of you British I think by 16-channel
moanings British apparently only a
British person can get 100% in this TV
quiz so if you're British hopefully
you'll be like oh my no idea ultimately
if you're not British you're gonna learn
something new about British people
brilliant British people which way round
two these two almost always stand now I
should get this right because I've
worked with them on a TV series for like
eight weeks but I'm looking at that
thinking oh I'm pretty sure it the right
the right one so and on the left that's
on the right oh yes I got a right oh
very nervous though
which of these was not the name of the
zoning crystal made the Crystal Maze was
honestly so fun to watch and did
you know you can go and do it like you
and your friends can go and do it now I
remember tubulins I remember him and I
think even older than him it's ago
Helen I'm crazy black hair isin kids
industrial many you'll definitely was
named this gladiator Ironman not like
spotted at Fox it's not like lightning
had blonde hair others you can really
annoy me give up yeah gladiators yellow
that was so flippin cool whose
catchphrase was a woogle no evil those
people honestly don't know
people don't John yeah what was the
phone number on life and light and
kicking Oh 101 81 not only I'm gonna
know what the hell was live in kissing i
won I'll create a British harmonic
rubrics will be singing the phone um of
the rest of the day oh one eight one
eight one one eight one eight one
talking to each other
hi guys welcome me to your community as
we get ya you get there good ah what
adjectives would use to describe this
man posit or Agra can we describe this
man in need of a friend strong us
probably handy there's no more changing
rooms is awkward I don't know not alive
like when this doesn't what nuzzle we'll
see fat pages who say looks bit like Ian
lolly nine nine nine nine other nothing
under yeah what was it to blue peter
caps called carry anarchy Ziggy and
Jimmy Donald Michie so I carry an okay
yes I do something it's Tony
filling up oh my god yes I remember
polling in Holyoke every other like
everyone people watch holidays now is
some you probably watch I do but Tony
and Holly oh he was a legend and yet he
were littering Emily what was John
burgers catchphrase on big break
pbret equals pops mean prizes get your
hands off my balls
pop as many balls as you can yeah I
don't know why ur complete the name of
this beat this game be our only God what
I recognize that get it's a sky game
do you remember sky game that was like
oh my god yes uncle ITV like way back
please
they had like tiny little games and this
was one of the games by beehive such an
oddity don't be high heaven I give up
the house better what did Simon Amstell
do that cause Preston from your voices
Stormont never mind the buzzcocks
company's name red X which means white
suppose they called your voice of
various unknown with white photography
yeah crash the only gone pure linen
preferably with Chantal name this show
at the upper half nice two points for
never seen it
what was this denomination of coin would
be rocked grant wishes on the Queen's no
50p all my other Queens no guys that was
a wet chair 50p coins she's robbing
magic thing happened 50 B oh yeah
beautiful heed of the free world hang
out with here salmon mom the Gonzaga
that long trump who died in animals or
farming would you go a out 16 ride
you're moderately British but
remembering poems from 20 years ago is
probably a bit beyond you to be honest
that's no bad thing that's what I mean
20 years ago I was like tiny little kid
there we go that proves that I'm some
more British but I'm not actually that
British so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did give it a big
thumbs up I'll see you tomorrow if no
one
alright goodbye
