hello beautiful sexy people youtubers
have intro some times longer than some
people do and there's a lot of iconic
intro I've stuck with what's going on
beautiful fix peep on this channel or my
main channel obviously was hello and
kind of is but just kind of do it
whenever today we're going to find out
what I'm glad we're going to look at
take quiz on youtubers intro and see how
many oh no
hey I'm grump I'm not so grump and we're
I'm guessing the game from our own egos
and we grab you guys doesn't oh it has a
correlation with my name is
jacksepticeye like Mike hi my name is
aekta like a justice justice but hello
Internet
oMG done rather we chose done hey what's
up you guys
yeah that's focus each angel hey what's
up guys yes today we're going to be
trying hospital food mmm my name is
Shane hello everybody my name is blah
blah unwelcome
hello 20 fighting is more floor and
welcome does multipliers man that was
really annoying me having same like name
every intro every time they sell video
Heather you want my name is Marcus Papa
headers well my name is Marco papa
hi my name is Monty Bubba hello my name
is Marcus papa
hey guys it's me Miranda said I was cool
it is really hard I can do after
watching have it straight from my head
like okay is Miranda
well hello everyone my name is joy or
Tyler
hop jurors is Hilah I inked his part
well hello everyone my name is Tyler
Oakley and I'm going Tyler Oakley on may
not support black circle flashes with
initials on it
random intro word
hey what's up guys that can be more than
a compromise so specific
buh-buh-buh-buh hey guys is Ken Marcou
and thank you
hey guys it can among you note is that
the go we've got a trouble follow all
the n-word stuff random intro words blue
green with channel name and cartoon
donor it's not jenna Marbles not Liza
Pacific Kathy Sherwood I'm going Gabby
show
hey guys literally ash one that's
amazing Phil though I use it what is
half my cranky crew they like Kaname no
don't they throw him in there Uncle
Kracker
cranks gameplay hello
I think we've done this on the podcast
subscribe get my pocket free by the way
if you have already link just just found
that this is a yeah I can do a really
good impression of Joe sugg doing an
impression of me so you ready so enjoy
it focuses as I'm good
hey long I think that's a joke so do an
impression of me
hey guys it's me again right gum
signature in signature intro clip says
channel name good mythical morning
counting oh my day oh
you wanted 14 out 15 correctly I think
that shows I watch a lot of YouTube
right oh I watch a lot of YouTube I just
know what I mean is to be honest that's
like the easiest quiz in the world but
I'm well happy with that I want to know
who I got wrong though if you know who I
got wrong please tell me because it
doesn't tell you which ones you got
wrong and anything but yeah also it's
very fitted a little bit short
haha I didn't know how long it would
take but I hope you enjoyed it anyway
give it a thumbs up if you did and I
will see you tomorrow with another one
good bye
