hello hello hey we have someone here
okay sorry if you were just here I was
in another room and then the internet
was like failing and then it was telling
me to rotate my device and my face was
like stretched huge across the screen
and I was like can anyone even like see
me or anything so anyway hello we're
back hopefully it's good I'm sat in
kitchen litoris hat lying on the floor
on a couple of cushions to get get
Internet so if you're watching this this
is for you yeah the good Internet no
because middle of the day on Saturday
what's everyone up to what's what's
everybody doing basically I want to know
what you're doing yes you're black so
yeah today is it's just gonna be a
really chilled livestream I'm gonna
answer your questions I'm gonna show you
some new stuff that I've got which is
pretty cool and we can just hang out
preparing for skiing tomorrow
um well jealous that you're going skiing
not gonna lie that's very cool
yeah so yeah i am i'm in germany i'm
currently in berlin Stephie's shooting
today
so i've been to the gym this morning and
then i was working and then yeah i
wanted to do a livestream with you guys
so yeah the rooms very echoey echo whoo
yeah say yeah I'm currently in Berlin
so I want to show you some stuff
actually first and it remember if you
have questions just keep leaving them
and I'll try and answer them when I see
them ah just unplugged my phone
there's no good start yeah okay first I
didn't actually buy these like I got
these as a gift which was lucky from
Apple look why I have I have you know
the new air pops so I got these the
other day they send them to me so
there's two of them well there you go if
you don't know what they are I don't
really know what to say that Apple's new
headphones that come without the cable
so you know you just put them in like
this this seems like an ad well this
isn't an ad it could be an ad if they
wanna sponsor me no joking but yeah so
you put them in like this and then it's
bluetooth and yeah I've just been I've
literally been testing out today so when
I was working I had the man when it was
in the gym I had them in and yeah at
first I think I was a bit auntie them
like when they came out oh wow like it's
just another thing but they are really
cool and they're really handy and when
you've got in and you listen to music
when you take one out it pauses so if
someone speaks to you and yeah it's just
easy to use and they're really
comfortable like you know the normal if
you guys have normal iPhone headphones
they like if you're wearing for a long
time they hurt your ears they do for me
anyway
these don't so I don't know if they've
changed the shape but yeah they're
really cool basically and they come in
this little pub they don't fall
now someone sister before obviously if
you hit it so I was wearing them I took
my jumper off and obviously like taking
clothing off is gonna catch that but you
can see I'm like shaking my head as as
much a can it doesn't move so they are
do sort
yeah like said that seems like an ad
it's not an ad so yeah thanks happened
for them basically what I don't want to
tell you guys they look cool yeah hi so
hi to all the new people come in welcome
welcome to the chilled on a kitchen
livestream Joe got those two yeah I
think some people if Liam got them the
only thing I am worried about is losing
them you know because they are if you
just let miss place it I'm gonna be like
Oh where's my oh I've lost it huh anyway
so yeah when Steffi gets back I'm
actually this is how keen is this I'm
going to go to the gym twice today so
that's cool it's first time I've done
that but I did nice workout on the chest
earlier and triceps and I'm gonna go and
do some cardio tonight I'm the currently
in Germany a lot of people I'm in Berlin
at the moon you're not even funny I'm
not trying to be funny to be honest this
isn't like if you've come here like
you're not funny like why are you
telling jokes it's not the point
I'm not here to make you laugh me and
hang out with you so I'm sorry if you
came looking for laughs
what time is it in Berlin Berlin is just
one hour ahead so yeah it's only yeah
did you just say my uncle is the
director of Amazon that's amazing
but he's hooking me up with your uncle
that's weird if that's true that's
really cool that Amazon is the one smash
they Marcus it's snowing in the UK yeah
no I've seen obviously when it snows in
UK brands that yes actually it's really
cold in Berlin like - - but it's not
snowing here so I think you're funny
ah that's just someone being nice
because they thought I was upset by
someone saying I'm not funny oh yeah I
can talk about release the hounds of you
guys as well wow what what what what so
that's like Macklemore song isn't that
oh if you're wondering why I'm sat on
the kitchen floor is like I said because
I need better internet there's not Wi-Fi
and there's no furniture in this flat at
the moment so cushions for me what marks
your roots are coming back dye your hair
again yes so you can see the hair set
it's kind of fluffy today yeah my roots
coming through I'm gonna let them grow
out a little bit you know and leave the
dying for a bit and then obviously
probably read ayat but yeah I'm also
doing a really cool job in a few days
which you guys will see where I'm dyeing
my hair of different colors so any
suggestions for that I think my office
before but you'll see it but I'm
thinking it might be like a mint green
so all of this top bit will be mint
green but it's good it's really it's
gonna be really cool
oh yeah everyone's like what did you buy
I haven't even shown you so but I mean
I'll come back I want to see your
comments first about the
blue pink I'm not sure about pink diet
gray is gray mint green yes
okay pink is not gonna see me guys
honestly blue purple blue so many blues
I think we're gonna try like said mint
green and see how that lived I think it
would look cool cuz my eyes are actually
green can happen if you can see in this
light my eyes are actually that green so
last mint green really bring my eyes out
that's not why I'm doing it but yeah
yeah the struggle of the bag courage the
bag okay so I bought a couple of things
today which I want to show you so first
then these are possibly my favorite like
I just think that's so cool basically so
you guys know I'm really into the Train
it's like really into my trainers and
yeah to be honest I'm not really about
any Knights I've always been about a
DDoS trainers and I saw these in the
store I was in and it's a collaboration
they're Nike shoes with a CR and I was
like these are like future looking ski
boots I'm gonna show you got you guys
have to tell me what you think okay
hopefully the like okay so you can see
okay this looks weird so this is the
shoe so boom it's like how cool is that
it's got this awesome zip down the side
and then this really funky kind of clip
looking here but I honestly saw them I
was like they are so cool this bits
gonna mesh II a bit like a wetsuit and I
was just like I've never seen shoes like
that so to be honest I think they're
super super cool
discussing what are those no it's so
funny so many of you like now they're
not cool but yeah I I literally love
them I think they're super cool there's
you've never seen a shoe like that
before
look at that it's really really cool so
ya know as the brightness just gone down
let me just try and figure that out I
can't figure out if the brightness has
gone down or it's getting dark
I'm sure I'm reading what your comments
are on the shoes
no okay so funny it's like a complete
split on the shoes you're either like
they're the workers I've seen all their
their core issues that I've seen no
one's like yeah they're okay they suit
your star but I look like a weapon yeah
it's the thing I think they really
really will suit my style and yeah today
you guys know in the last if you follow
my Instagram stuff you'll know I've got
really into fashion in the last kind of
6 to 12 months and yeah the only thing
is now this is weird I'm usually a size
9 usually a 9 sometimes a 10 in UK size
these are actually an 8 and a half so I
don't know why that is but they're an 8
and a half they look quite big for an
eight-and-a-half don't they so yeah
it's first thing I don't know what I'm
gonna they look funny you see I'm in
these blue jeans at the moment that
would be funny with these jeans so I
won't just put them on now we're talking
about that I nearly stood up and they
were on my t-shirt that's what I mean
I'm worried I'm going to lose those okay
putting those down there all right then
sorry sorry that was really annoying so
next I want to show is this job I
promise it honestly if you could if
someone was here to like show you the
angle I'm lying at I'm just like slob it
out across the floor so let me sir ah
there we go
just sit up for a second so next thing
was this jumper now I don't know how
much you guys know about brands or if
you see me sweat stuff I wear a few
things from off-white I've got a few
things from off-white they're probably
my favorite top three favorite brands
just because to know the stuff they're
doing and how they're changing the game
blab about is just really really cool so
I wanna show you this jumper guess what
color is come on guys you Dobie guess
I'll gather it's black yes black what
other color would I ever go for a what
other color would I go for so I'm kind
of lying out cross my legs
this is Raya I've never done this on a
live stream so um yeah both black so I'm
gonna show you the front splits really
weird this is the front design so it's
got green writing and then a big black
stripe across the from yes it's it's a
jumper it's not a hoodie so
the quality I wish you could feel this
is awesome and then on the back is
really really really cool look this is
the back so it's not too OTT with the
white branding it's like white and a
really cool black stripe throat so um
yeah that was a you'll see me where it's
like a really cool oversized fit but
yeah that's the jumper you probably can
I was showing you that I don't F that
you can even see it probably like what a
corny even see that oh sorry I've
haven't seen theirs because you guys can
do a super shot thing now right I have a
different thing here for super shot so
in super chat addy - Josie has said
since you paid in the sidemen charity
match as wondering if you watch football
if so who do you support
do i watch football I don't really I
used a support Liverpool I don't watch
that much football though but if you
live for on TV I'll watch yet so yeah
and then he also asks do I prefer
Jordans or Knights and personally I'm
all about mics over Jordans I've never
really been in Jordan's so thanks so
yeah that was the jumper I haven't
really seen what you guys have said to
that but it's not as like the shoes were
like yo check out the shoes you can kind
of see instantly how different now or
jump up through this just looks like a
jumper you know but anyway I'm just
going to fold it up what's really it she
knows
sporty market especially mark I'm very
sporty
and I'm just
Oh raindrop dropped up style on point
yeah I have only show you this coat here
this one because that was a gift I got
from Levi's I'm actually wearing his I
went down to leave I see every day and
they kind of did this whole gifting
clothes and and these jeans you guys
know I wear a lot of black so I've got
these jeans they fitted me of these
jeans and I struggled some I don't know
about you guys finding jeans for me is
the bane of my life I can never fit them
because I've got like really funny
shaped legs I can never find a pair that
like I actually like it just takes me
ages to get jeans is that the same of
you guys or I'm really jealous of the
people who can literally just walk in a
shop and be like oh yeah yeah I'll just
get all those jeans because they fit me
perfectly so it's like stressful getting
jeans so anyway I went into Levi's and
the reason I don't have any blue jeans
is because I can never find anything
that fit me and also I have really
really big but I really like skinny
jeans like a slim fit but I've got
really big legs like really chunky
mostly may I say very must know I've got
really big thighs so finding jeans that
fit is always a struggle without I'm
just looking stupid on me and I kind of
said that was I oh yeah let's try we'll
find simply once we tried them on and I
was like yes they are the ones again you
can't really see because I'm just fat
yeah but I've rolled them up we said my
socks look really funny hello
and one of the other things they got me
was this jean jacket over there it's
Jean with like sheep inside coating it's
really really awesome so thanks Levi's
adorable so why are you like I love your
socks
honestly so funny here my socks I don't
like yeah that's warm because they said
it's colder than my mom I'm really that
the thing is guys I'm really thirsty I'm
a little bit hungry but I can't move
because of the internet so where did you
get your Cougar ring from I'm not
wearing it now but my pant my Tiger ring
was from Stephanie so she got it for me
for Christmas
what do I think about Russia I think
it's massive I don't know it but I think
it's I've never been there but it is
like when you look at rush on a map
you're just like how is it that big is
literally ridiculous so yeah and also I
really really really want to go there
weird socks
read super chat oh yeah sorry haven't
been super championship chat was a rout
super chat Monique Hollins is visiting
Australia likely for 2017 here's the
thing if you guys know I say I've never
talked about it really other than
Twitter because I wasn't doing live
streams then but I was meant to be
coming to Australia in November each
time for a job last year so would have
been a couple months ago and there was
two separate things that's been becoming
for one was like a YouTube meetup
convention kind of thing and another
what was the other thing
oh the other was Australia and New
Zealand was like wow this is really cool
like a travel company and both of them
literally in the space of a few days
everything was going forwards both of
them the YouTube convention didn't
happen in the end so it was in a
different country and then the job also
they like got cancelled as well so I was
like ah awesome that's really cool
because I've told everyone from
Australia I'm finally coming and then
both my opportunities to go there were
canceled so yeah it still is like up
there
I was actually also meant to be going to
Australia in March with Stephie for
another job but I'm already on to job
trips so Congo which really sucks
frickin ass mm-hmm
I just wanna shout out to David Bailey
your mom thinks I'm fit okay
I'm fantastically physically fit max you
know that physically fit to be honest
recognized on myself do you like fishing
I mean I've never never tried it so
don't know why do you say jumper
lalalalala because English people say
jumper rather than sweater oh my god hey
man do you like do you like I've also
been trying to work on my American
accent by the way hey man do you like my
new sweater sweater sweater sweater like
when you sweater bad connection no we
don't
so hard the chat honestly goes so so
fast like no no no don't lag come on
I've got 4G I've got got a lot of
internet yeah
that's the thing really isn't it like
you can never rely on fold into that
like you just call it says it like the
cheek doesn't it's like hey you've got
Fuji and guess what your three bars but
you know what we're not gonna let you
use it properly and then all the
comments are just like lagging lag lag
in guess what you're lagging I can't
guys
are you getting new easy someone said no
I'm not actually not the moment anyway
it's fine now speak German hallo
if he gets wet out of a lamp Kurt Kernan
Z Guernsey mere helpful bitte can I help
can I help an open can just kind of
understanding German as well so I can't
really speak yet like I don't order
things in a shop but listening to people
speakers now the other thing with German
I don't even know if any Germans are
watching this when we when you actually
translate word for word like a sentence
in German it's so like confusing in the
sentence so for example when you're
talking in German say you're talking
about help it like a verb helping or the
sentence always finishes with the verb
at the end so it would be like saying
can you can I try something now I'm
pretty bad explaining this but
oh yeah cool sorry Marcus like start
story look into space for 10 seconds and
don't know what you're talking about
also the reason I find it hard is
because I didn't learn it at school so
it wasn't even an option at school so
for me it was for me it's like
completely learning something I've never
ever started to learn at school we did
we did flip and I did had to do French
and then you could choose Spanish if you
want Soto Spanish but yeah German wasn't
even an option so yeah I'm trying guys
I'm trying I'm also listening to german
podcast a little bit called coffee break
German I think they do it for if you
want to learn it's graph
done about five so far it's really good
for learning languages so if you guys
they do literary a bunch languages so if
you want to live if you want to learn a
language it's called coffee break and
then Spanish or German or French
just flipping it how I'm being a
supercharged and if there's anything
else in here yep
Monica Holland
do you think that sore spots will
globally expand so for those of you that
don't know sourcebook says its mark one
of my other side companies it's a
healthy subscription snack box so if you
guys are in the UK and Europe at the
moment that's where we shipped to yeah
you can check out source box.com that's
sourced a guess oh you are CED box box
com
yeah going globally is hard because the
reason why it's hard is it doesn't make
sense to ship tip we can't ship to
America because it would cost too much
money for you guys so if we wanted to go
into America we'd have to go and like
set up a new base there and have an
office there and have a distribution
company there and bola bola
so yeah it's like in our long-term plans
but nothing right now
thoughts on Joey in 4,000 calories a day
he told me this he started texting me
tell me and I was like yo bro telling
you now
never gonna happen this is literally
never gonna happen like ie ie a lot I
Pro I don't get any money or 4,000
calories a day even when I'm focusing on
gym so do your jaws hurt from talking no
sure tell you when your jaw does hurt
like honestly it's when you do meet and
greets because you're there for like
three or four hours and you're talking
it's not the talking it's the smiling
obviously say you meet 500 people and
you might do four pictures each with
that person that's like 2,000 photos so
by the end of it you've been like
smiling for like four hours
like if you're at home just try this
even for a minute you're smiling yeah
hello so by the end of that you're like
Mike already hurts bad connection lag
lag lag lag lag lag lag recognizance
tangent don't can do 10k calories I
don't want to eat 10,000 calories
I just won in your war fire child
innocence some of the weekend do the
dirty doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo are you going back to your old hair
not yet
and also I don't really know because I
just really like this hair when I see my
old hair and pictures of brown head I'm
like that's not me oh that's not me
beard as you can see you got is my beard
I can grow like ears fine hairs fine
here it's fine here it's just like now
mate now don't worry about that don't
worry guys we're not coming through here
so it's quite annoying I'm not in London
I'm in Berlin Berlin Allah each comment
in the London does that make sense
ABBA a quorum had said I come from
London but I live in Berlin I don't live
in Berlin but I was just learning
so maybe you guys can test me on my
German super shot go check the super
chat Oh super chat
did I know about VidCon ours I did not
know is it official now because I know
they were like I know they were doing or
are doing it but I don't know if it's
become like official do you know what
love you means in German I do ich liebe
dich as I love you if , Oh London also
like just learning my Jude like German
accent it's hard you know but there's so
many words it's like huh and are in
German when they say ah they like go
like British dish like Rick Tish is when
you say like very so if you'd say like
British called
it's like dish I thought I can't do it
but they got in the back of it for you
know like how a cat purrs imagine how a
cat purrs but in a human it's like flip
- yeah I just moved for the first time
like 20 minutes my bum is so numb I'm
confused why's Marcus speaking German
because everyone asked me to speak
Germans and learning yet
and then I love blows you and how
counting in German but I'm like ha ha ha
no to be honest I can understand on that
you can't believe your life and what is
hello in German hallo literate hallo
you look like you're not oh my god they
do look at me like I'm in hospital
because I'm in a white gown like master
without night hospital I thought you
said last who's gonna be a number
YouTube's in bed no what I probably said
was last week I wrote the number
youtubers in bed so the thing we read
you the bed it takes you know because
it's written it's like it takes a long
time to write it and then after that we
have to schedule a date when everyone's
free the camera person who's filming it
the other person who's in it me and then
film it and then edit it so yeah
oh my god but we have got a date and
yeah we're filming the next one a week
Monday so yeah I'm super super excited
for this one it's gonna be really really
funny I'm not sure you guys you they're
a little a little bit what are you guys
listening to you at the moment
music-wise how does one a new
show
Green Drive start by up yeah this is
Zayn Malik Zayn's album so good it's one
of my top 5 albums of last year it's
just constant rain drop dropped
JB Lady Gaga Shawn Mendes Ain JB
post-post Malone's killing it right now
here's some congratulations with quavo
quavo quaver with quello so sick
congratulations we're so hot Mac's gay
singer Coldplay ad ops Edie
oops May herbs herbs herbs
Drake Drizzy jokes on 24/7 love that
Connor cool so late I've seen loads easy
now who are you listen to I didn't
manage short of the news I didn't try to
order the knees to be honest I have two
pairs right now so I was like and also
they're not that different from my black
ones so I'm gonna hold off
have you been drinking or like alcohol
or water need that I haven't been
drinking alcohol it's the last time I
drunk how cold laughs I might run
alcohol was when I went to Drake so when
was that I was ten days ago ten days ago
and my mouth is so dry and these drink
some water no no it's not you tubes in
bed tomorrow I'm not sure in tomorrow's
video by the way it was originally a
more Marcus that filmed it from all
Marcus but might be burning up his main
channel I don't really make videos like
this so it's not really me it's kind of
like I don't know if you guys saw when I
exposed faint fake pranks on more Marcus
it's that again but a different channel
and I'm kind of it's not really exposing
its kind of up reviewing and just my
opinion on fake pranks and blah blah and
I go in a bit so it's not really my
style because I don't usually like roast
people and it's not like roasting
someone but I'm just giving my opinion
on the channel so yeah we'll see
PewDiePie to point out exactly it's all
PewDiePie does these days and roasts
people edgy PewDiePie isn't a
do-do-do-do-do-do-do notice me speak
Russian I can't speak Russian
PewDiePie doesn't roast
yes he does not like specifically but he
is just don't know what happen there
hello my back probably lost loads of
viewers so awesome
yeah I think I'm back sorry try
different hair color I am if you're new
to this chat I am I'm dying it a
different color for this really cool job
on Wednesday so yeah you'll see it then
speak America though not that I've got
got it better but yeah only got within
forty one minutes it's been so chilled
just like lying on the floor but I do
need to eat and drink something before I
go to the gym so other things bad
connection yet but yeah I hope you
enjoyed this livestream thank you for
coming and hanging out with me I'll do
another one again in a few days and yeah
that's pretty much it so thanks for
coming and I hope you guys have a good
rest of your day and I will speak to you
on my other social medias social medias
later today all right
good bye guys
