look buddy dude eyes every day my oh my
what a wonderful day
plenty sunshine come my way
zip-a-dee-doo-dah zip-a-dee-ay day
that's why things when I sung that and I
was like wow I'm hitting this note and I
know I'm gonna hear that back and be
like sign me up what a story mark just
before we jump into today's video do you
guys remember Maisie Peters stripped
bare the music management company I set
up and founded our first act she
released her song a few weeks ago a
place we were made it's done
phenomenally well it's on over
two-and-a-half million streams on
Spotify alone at the moment and it's
amazing and the support from you guys
that went over and listened to it shared
it's been amazing I just wanted to let
you know that the music video or the
lyric video I should say is out and it
is the most beautiful lyric video I've
ever seen and I would really like you
guys to go check it out I'll put a link
to it and a clip for it now
this is the place we made I know every
street life and maybe the colors will
this is the placement so yeah go check
out and leave a comment on there I don't
know what you think anyway on today's
video it is going to be a would you
rather so you know how these work
would you rather this would you rather
that would you rather this are would you
branded back it has a theme
today's theme is awkwardness the most
Awkward game of would you rather you
will ever play so I'm gonna be playing
it you guys can take part let's begin uh
also look I got uh you're gonna need a
microscope to see it I got it touched up
have now got my here we go would you
rather accidentally grab someone's hand
on a train you have to spend another
hour on or accidentally swing your palm
into a stranger's crotch while walking
next to them oh my god a hundred percent
the one on the left there crock days
just even if you're like oh my god I'm
so sorry it's just touching that private
area and your hand someone's private
area now where's that at least like you
accidentally grab someone's hand you can
it's weird but it's still fine you know
33 percent would rather touch someone's
knob okay would you rather sit on stage
while 100 people sing you happy birthday
turn by turn oh my god that would be a P
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear Marcus happy
birthday to you that was about 20
seconds traffic out 200 seconds 2000
seconds 2000 seconds in minutes only 33
minutes of people singing your birthday
to you I'm gonna without even looking at
the other one or make a joke and 100
people have no
okay I take that back I would happily
sit there and have people sing happy
birthday to me then attempt to make a
joke in front of 100 people and nobody
laugh nobody loves we've done a video on
this channel before where we watched
some awkward sign up comedy it's just
like painful when someone's trying to be
funny and you're like just not funny
it's just not a funny joke happy
birthday again
67% would you rather trip over nothing
while walking in public literally me
everyday or realize you're walking in
the wrong direction I have to do a lot
with u-turn I literally do it so much
okay let's talk about Liz tripping over
nothing and while walking in public I'm
not just trying to be relatable saying I
do this all the time I literally do this
all the time I've got very heavy feet
and I just like kick the floor trip over
my trip over nothing what but the the
u-turn is the thing is right thinking
about it does I do that a lot as well
I'm pretty sure people around you no one
is watching when someone does that and
is going Hey they've Vick they've gone
the wrong way they need to tear out how
stupid today nobody cares about that but
you just feel so stupid and insecure
about just turning around and walking
the other way all you got to do you know
I do I stand there if I do this I don't
know how to do it
I stand that I get my phone out as if
I'm looking on the map and thinking hmm
like I genuinely do that thing oh is it
that way or yeah yeah and I kind of like
give myself that self
but even though I give myself that not
to like say yes it is okay to turn
around
that is sad isn't it that's why I'd
rather trip over nothing not gold
because when I do that I just laugh I'm
just like
and other people always laugh as well I
do laugh a lot when I see someone else
do it's just something you can't not
laugh at would you rather have to eat
all meals all your meals in front of
others for the rest of your life or have
to pee with someone in a stool next to
you okay well I'm straight up meals
without even answering that I get stage
fright for no reason nobody carries and
I cannot use a urinal next to someone
else I stand by this and saying why the
guys have to do that yeah everyone just
gets their dick out in a line no
barriers or anything just get your dick
out women have the luxury of being
secluded in a cubicle with no one
surrounding them what's up with that huh
would you rather clog the toilet of
someone else's house or get a period
stain on their sofa what the fuck
clogged the toilet is anyone gonna say
that they would rather get period blood
on someone's sofa there's nothing even
wrong with it of course it's not it just
sounds weird if you just sat down like
sorry I just leaked my period on your
sofa is that gay rather than you can be
like stomach felt a bit funny just took
on massive shit in your toilet and it's
blocked sorry
85% with me on that one would you rather
have to eat really loud popcorn in a
silent room Hey I'm someone who like
gushes popcorn in their mouths and when
you're watching is watching us in a
while which you can film in a cinema and
the silent bit I'm like struggling
because I just want to shove it all down
my throat or keep making eye contact
with someone in the mirror while getting
your hair cut
rather than mirror yeah
would you rather wave at someone who's
waving at the past behind you or greet
someone you used to know and they don't
god the wave I would rather the wave any
day oh my god really
I hate being introduced to people that
I've is that what it is that you okay I
thought it's the other way around I hate
to being introduced someone when they
know who you are and I know I've met
them but I can't remember them because
it's like Oh
and you always especially you any other
like lots of things you mean lots of new
people and stuff you've always got to
here's a life tip okay always go no
matter if you've never met this person
or you have met this person before but
you don't remember always go with are
really nice to see you because see you
implies it's like ah it's nice to see
you nice to kind of meet you but it's
also implying that you could have met
them before
so never go hate or am i nice to meet
you - marks in the like oh we know each
other we met two weeks ago yes we did
yes I'm gonna fuck off now would you
rather accidentally send a sext to your
dad what accidentally send a bitchy
takes to the friend
you're definitely sex to my dad my dad
would really what I'm in the minority
there
my dad would find it funny I think if I
was just like hey baby
can't wait to touch you it's not my chat
would you rather accidentally like your
crushes in surround picture from five
years ago or accidentally spit on your
interviewer I mean obviously like the
picture from five years ago who in not
enjoys but of course no one enjoys this
but who is gonna say they want to spit
on that person who's interviewing them
it's just immediate rejection would you
rather have someone walked in on walk in
on you on the toilet on a first date or
go in for a kiss when they're going for
a hug oh that's a really hard one I'm
gonna say with the kiss then just
because like you could then laugh it's
on walking you having a dump it's like
it's just something you're not meant to
see even when you're into your
relationship keep that stuff private we
drive a fart
say alsace answers named rings that are
both awful I would say far just because
you can then laugh about that and you
should be able to laugh in the bedroom
someone else's name that is just a that
is just a no-go like why would why you
thinking of someone else would you
rather eat out with someone who
complains and has to send their food
back or accidentally under pay a bill
and be chased out of the restaurant the
weird one
Oh what is the thing if you accidentally
do it it's kind of I know that you won't
think it's an active number you know
it's an accident so you're kind of like
well you know that's okay whereas that
my anything is if I was with a friend
and they really complain about the food
I'd be like don't spit in my food I know
my friends very annoying I'm not I'm not
Lee and I love my food that's why I'd be
like yeah seventy percent well
that rounds up a would you robber we
have done one of those in a while but
that was probably one of my favorite
ones who ever done so I hope you guys
enjoyed it I would love to share and
engage in awkwardness and awkward life
stories so if you have any of them share
them in the comments if you new around
here subscribe post videos everyday give
the video a thumbs up and guess what I
will see you tomorrow with another one
goodbye
