when you talk about the biggest
youtubers and the biggest YouTube
channel you think of PewDiePie ksi
holasoygerman it's a way with also
expendable and of course how could we
forget
Ryan toy reviews okay yeah so why is
poised reviews it is one of the biggest
easy channels nine subscribers I get
lots of sub sub sub sub that there's a
lot of subscribers more than me 6.2
million to be precise but what's quite
interesting is his views now his channel
has had 10 billion views in total that's
why it is one of the biggest charts for
sure without a doubt behind PewDiePie
that might be the next most food and it
is coming for PV pie because in the last
30 days alone the channel has had 650
million views now to put into
perspective that is the same amount of
views that my main channel and this
channel have had combined in their
entirety yeah this toysreview channels
you have that in one month this is
pretty big you know like I'm big deal
I'm kind of a big deal
I was joking there is a ridiculous
amount of views we're going to look at
the content and see what is big on
YouTube so this video I think is the
most oh six hundred million views on one
video 100 plus 600 plus like my channel
literally both of my channels 100 plus
cars toys giant egg surprise opening
Disney Pixar Lightning McQueen kids
video top Ryan
 me
is this like how many words can be set
in the title there's 1 2 3 4 5 6 15
words and vital now while he died member
YouTube's telling me with keep your
title short evidently not
I have a surprise for you why Tom I mean
the first thought and thinking of it
he's definitely being forced this is me
Ryan Ryan I mean I'm walking as if he's
woken up Dubbs our last ask is this
music is killing my ear
sorry across Lachie home watch this
I mean over obviously this content is
not made for me so I'm not watching this
thing come on why isn't this
entertaining I can't get anything out of
watching a four year old play with toys
next video
500 million views huge egg surprise toy
challenge inflatable waterslide disney
cars toys paw patrol spider-man of
course like in spider-man in it like it
was this is like wrong
I mean he's yes of course he's a cute
kid but he doesn't mean definitely isn't
having a say in any of this is it he's
not one ways not going mom dad you know
what let's do this giant egg hunt on
this massive inflatable thing and I'll
run round and you can fill me looking
cute yeah how does that sound
I've hungered me forget it Oh aggressive
isn't he stamping on my load egg careful
I'm on both spider-man quick guess white
man in their life and gets the bees also
if this is a toy review who can get an
inflatable slide and why who's throwing
toys down inflatable slide on this
ridiculous I mean Paul Ryan is getting a
lot of pain you get a lot of dislike
this is what lands angei thirteen and a
half million views
lot of views 9000 like for thirteen and
a half million views something's playing
a little bit hmm
let's have a look what Ryan thinks of
the Children's Museum Oh Ryan's got a
bit older look he's got shorter hair to
hang like this is just what I loaded to
yoga I want to be Ryan's friend
and they're going to be at mum dad why
can't you do cool things that Ryan's
parents do result shake and Meeker and
Madonna's cash kids pretend play food
Michael they are hoping that McDonald's
rat army like this poor kid he's looking
hot going for for me he is the face of
this channel and he has no same way
these have been for every morning's
waiting up like well today we're filming
this Ryan oh $6 like a little bit
expensive it better be good you can see
how much interest you just does not give
a to like the moment speaking with
Mickey Mouse theaters like shut up
conspiracy theory maybe then not even a
family maybe it's a Disney back thing
and they've just found them and Ryan's
the next Disney star that's my toys I
mean I thought fold it can eyes smashing
it literally smashing it again two
million views 2000 thumbs up yes a
little bit a little bit questionable
three comments again something funny's
going on there Ryan but I'm not I'm not
going to sit here and I'm not slicing
Ryan I mean like I said Paul Ryan has
more clue what you do it literally
hasn't what clue what you're doing it's
just a little kid whose parents like go
on now make us some more money but yeah
it's that that is me looking at one of
the most popular channels today maybe
we'll start doing unboxing videos get
those six hundred million views on each
video what do you think about that
anyway alright I will see you guys
tomorrow even on video goodbye
