hello yes they know not yesterday super
last night support was two nights ago I
didn't watch it
I didn't don't even know you played who
played England Patriots again alkanes
maybe to the Falcons win issue Patriots
won on great one okay I know Tom Brady
legend and it still you guys know every
year they try and make the Super Bowl
thing in the UK but it just isn't really
thing in the UK but it's really too late
by the time comes watching it and people
UK don't really understand American
football like I get it a little bit but
I don't really understand it anyway
around the Super Bowl is where people
release new adverts trailers for saying
so and they will go viral and it's all
amazing so I haven't looked at anything
yet so I'm going to like have a look I
tell you what I am very exciting - they
say trailer probably they probably just
done a quick little like is it too late
now to say sorry
mm-hmm here we go let's let's see what
the old stranger things cost of going to
go for us
I turn Halloween
bloody ages away cool looks interesting
looks like 11 is if everyone that is 11
going to be back she is she's definitely
going to be in it because they need the
views alright let's look at only 12
minutes Lady gaga did any of you guys
see the petitions get amigos that was
like I don't know how many people signed
a petition to get me goes you know
raindrops dropped up they do a lot more
now really amigos but to replace Lady
Gaga and to be honest with you I would
have been well up for that like don't
give him Lady Gaga's cool and like blah
blah blah
she's a bit yeah I doesn't excite me
when I hear Lady Gaga no it's like one
offender it's just my personal opinion
do you like Lady Gaga
some I was having conversation
literature I said some was like yeah
it's late she's huge and I was like this
is what happened first album 16 million
sales most recent album hundred seven
thousand sales Lady Gaga she loved keep
irrelevant songs her fiance's Amelia
Street rah rah ha ha ha Rama Rama Gaga
oh la la she's very attached she's very
time live she's very good but me not I
shall annoying irrelevant permanent visa
that is not irrelevant
her voice is insane her talent is
incredible at songwriting ability which
is conditional oh my god
what just like in flying out on the
ceiling I'll Gary oh here we go
I can hear it oh this is an oxygen ma ma
ma I wanna hold him like it dude Amit be
hope you see in life
sounds love I could not do that at any
of the performer and not shit myself
like she's so chilled as I am 500 feet
in the air but doesn't matter
and we man came in man and we can me and
Matt oak that's where someone else
holding the microphone so we've even
played the piano there I swear like
adobe shoe that looks incredible crazy
that I we don't really have anything
like this in the UK that's the
production Lorenzo's ridiculously -
Nicholas here we got a new Budweiser had
when ki seven million views
you don't look like you're from around
here all the hell is just come up there
okay given my business
thank you the next time this is to be a
big drink the Bahamas dr. bouche okay
what he was saying about this
what have immigrants done for the u.s. a
question mark founded Google AT&T eBay
concours Nordstrom Colgate Ellis loads
Steve Jobs father was an immigrant from
Syria interesting or spay 2017 Justin
timbre and Christopher Walken
I don't like it tough I just want to
tell you that I've had enough if I sound
crazy but it ain't no lie baby bye bye
bye
back back by Excalibur no artificial
Swedish person in Germany by that right
that ad is for what even if this drink
they've got Justin Timberlake
Christopher Walken in it BAE Antion
toxin infusion yes I mean it's a very
cool app don't get me wrong but what do
though fish Falken yeah what cool voice
doesn't mean I really I'm confused
sometimes never a drink but I was a cool
add and there we go that rounds up some
of the Super Bowl ads and entertainment
I hope you enjoyed this video
did he did you watch the Super Bowl you
into the Super Bowl you bit like me is
like a kind of like American football
but I don't really know much about it
and you give the video a thumbs up enjoy
it and I'll see you tomorrow is another
one goodbye
