my too bright I'm really bright and I
don't really care hello beautiful sexy
people and welcome back in a while we've
not been together for a long time me and
the old conspiracy theories but we're
back with my weird conspiracy theory
voice and today we cannot be talking
about the Loch Ness monster if you don't
know what the Loch Ness monster is
you're about to find out if you do know
what it is let's see if you believe in
it I don't think I believe in it but
let's see this might change my life
spanning 263 million cubic feet it
sounds a whole lot is that a lot under
600 foot deep so yeah baby this huge
 off big lake which is 650 deep is
the deepest lake in the whole of the
British Isles basically there was an
Irish monk who saw a man being buried in
this water by this water beast since
then it has been known as the site of
the Loch Ness monster who so-called
Nessie don't know why it's called Nessie
we made yet to that but I don't know
wise called Nessie so it's boat called
Gordon Holmes filmed some kind of like
bizarre jet shape movements in the lake
in 2007 oohs oh my god that this is a
lot ness monster that we found it's
proof over
he's had his four ruined by an expert so
here's this like two-minute roadside
video ray a so his long things moving
winning collations like oh my god this
is the Loch Ness monster but some us
computer experts reviewed the footage
and have confirmed that they are
actually 15 foot long eels
Gordon we're sorry but that was the
outcome of your video so a Plesiosaurus
aiming the Loch Ness monster to be which
is in fact a type of dinosaur it was
around the time the dinosaurs were
around with some technically dinosaur 65
million years ago and people claiming
that it is is one of those that is still
living as that is what lost in sizes
caramel face-first in 2003 a fossil
vertebrae of a place of less pleasure
saw was actually found on the banks of
the Loch Ness however however it was
quickly dismissed as hoaxes there is
another issue of this theory or from
being plexus or than that is that
pretzels were actually cold-blooded so
living in the Loch Ness would be too
cold for their a poor little bodies Neil
Clark from early from University of
Hunterian Museum Glasgow spent two years
researching the Loch Ness and came to a
conclusion that he believes people could
have thought it was elephants going for
a swim because the trunk is a bit like
Loch Ness monsters you know a bit like
Nestle's neck and who could have
confused elephants going for a nice swim
as the Loch Ness was there'd been
elephants in in there around there back
in the day in the 6th century but also
to cold oh sorry
he says the elephants may have been from
circuses visiting the area not sure your
theory mate what religious file sorry we
don't want to do the circus today which
is going to go off and have a little
swim the next theory to counteract the
Loch Ness
five is that is basically just a wave
let me explain so the Loch Ness is very
thin as I say I've been there I have
been there the Loch Ness is very thin
but very very very deep so
scientifically there's a lot of steep
sides in the water so like the levels
drop quite quickly so there's fluid
dynamics chemica sailboat is going down
the middle of mass the weight that comes
off of the boat and the wave behind it
can like drop into the deep things and
Bowl of our science happens lalala and
it can form like standing waves sounds
really weird but like that's what people
for all my god I can see sign but it's
actually just a standing wave so I'm
looking at the picture more it looks
like it does look a bit like an
elephant's trunk
the final theory is that Nessie is dead
so a two parts this part one is an item
to group scientists went out onto the
lock on a month monster hunting
adventure and they see this floating
corpse that in the middle of the lot so
they take yet put it in their car and
come to realization that is basically a
bear prank a dead bear so police stop
them because it's it's law it's illegal
to take anything out of the lock or the
length yes so some people maybe work out
that they thought they founded the body
of Loch Ness by the bear then we've got
Robert rhymes who is basically this
American dude who was an inventor and a
lawyer and blah blah blah blah and he
spent a hug 30 years believing in the
Loch Ness and trying to prove that it
was alive when money loads money those
money
loads of invested loads of his own
investigations literally 30 years trying
to prove there was real but
unfortunately couldn't come to any real
moving evidence so he was just after 30
years like ah it's actually becoming
extinct because of
woman yeah that kind of rounds up reason
against that I think the lot masses just
a load of rubbish from being on it like
sorry if that offends anyone but it just
is isn't it there's no way there's a
dinosaur monster living in a lake in
Scotland in Scotland by mu means one
it's bloody freezing that Lake is cold
there isn't there isn't anything in
there sorry
yeah that rounds up this conspiracy this
video let me know your cause maybe those
easy believe in it and you're just like
shut up Marcus I love the Loch Ness I'd
like to know your thoughts of sharing
below other than that I hope you enjoyed
it give the video a thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow in on video all right
that's get
