yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo do you have a dirty mind that's what
we finance today not you well maybe you
we might find out about you but also
finding out about me so let's play the
game
do you have a dirty mind how old is this
quiz made for which of these numbers
makes you chuckle the most
25:44 $69.99 none of them because
they're all numbers but I guess we get
asked to go to 69 Hey I just took a trip
to beautiful Lake titty titty kasha well
not like her but I did laugh a little
bit is this a dirty French oh yes it is
what is going on there what I mean it's
obviously not as Sean if that was it
Xiang as I like a massive schlong but
calmly figure out what oh it's someone's
hurt okay yes clearly is this a - photo
- seeing this this looks like a massive
giant hairy penis it's a dog
I know it's dog would you see written in
the sky and the line can be honest I
mean it's like if I'm being honest all I
see stars
I mean I'm reading that it says se X you
can kind see that focus clutching at
straws a bit we think of Disney that I
always have a laugh let's throw this in
there they'll never know it's the priest
and the little man mermaid a little too
excited about this wedding wedding or a
little tiny bulge penis Oh
which city do you think sounds dirty
Beijing Barcelona basil Bangkok aha
Bangkok at school used to go to Joey's
fair game at school you got scoop when
you go board to capital of Thailand and
they'd go Bangkok and you smack them in
the cop horrible
well game is any of you kids still
play that school yeah if you do don't
not very nice although it was funny at
the time
free really is the name of porno it
definitely is probably the name boy
kids movie it's Free Willy a good film
I never seen a toy hurt oh you don't
have it wait yeah I wonder if I spices
lunch terrific
complete this wheel of fortune puzzle
penis hahaha where to find love those
were funny and I can't be on to meet
some blush dozen I did say penis though
tonight now let's go Paris there we go
58 is Paris choose a cocktail please
fuzzy navel mai tai sex on the beach
screwdriver
I think screwdrivers more dirty then sex
on the beach
steaks on the beaches like air or a
screwdriver that sounds like no so you
know which of these day ants are you
most likely to try OkCupid tinder be
harmony match calm I literally don't
know any of the others I'm then tinder
so can you turn this lamp on it's a bit
like a pair of legs with a woman's
vagina net isn't he that's definitely
not loud sorry
petitions crews made for four-year-olds
sure thing you are immature all the time
sometimes never
I'm definitely immature sometimes I'll
pay that to be honest I will take that
back up so do you have a - mine the
response no what can we say you see
things the way they are you guys keep
things classy smart and sophisticated
but maybe you should try to leave
something to the imagination we hear it
can be more fun that way
the I just think I was a really really
really all full quiz that's made for
four-year-olds so if you're for why are
you watching this video but maybe you
should go and play those quizzes those
who has we've done we've done much more
like sexual things on this channel
before and LU subscribers so staying
clear of that bear you did enjoy the
video give it thumbs up and OE tomorrow
with another one all right love you guys
bye
