hello everybody welcome to episode 11 /
lower your expectation so another
topical YouTube thing recently has been
the subject of vlogging and how it was
kind of first touched upon by PewDiePie
and then Casey brought up and mentions
and Franco loads of people have talked
about vlogging and how the these people
who daily vlog force positivity kind of
like sharing the best moments of their
day with everyone and then that can have
a negative effect on people because
people wouldn't have that's the
impression they have their day and their
like their life is incredible what's my
life rather odd or as a viewer do you
want to be watching someone if someone's
like up today's a bit I'm a bit
down because YouTube the escapism isn't
it I really like the idea of spreading
positivity you're sharing a part of your
day that's happy happy happy and you can
make someone else feel those happy vibes
smile I think that's great I think the
issue is if people especially young
people who assume that that's what
people's lives amenah be like it's an
idealistic life that isn't actually
possible yeah you know it's not possible
to have twenty-four seven positives yeah
it's not really not real it's not real
life it but because it's a daily vlog
they're so personal and it can see
measure it's kind of a bit like how I
talk about Instagram where you look at
on his Instagram you're like their
life is incredible but you've got to
think that's literally at the one
percent of their life they want to share
with you yeah and it's almost like
showcasing how could your life is I feel
like daily vlogging is like that but
well that's all I think it's so sad that
youtubers have to do a video if they've
had a breakup of thing is that's the one
time you don't want to do videos and
it's such a personal but sour of all
thing yeah that's what that's just one
of the drawbacks being a youtuber you're
sharing a life of people and if people
get so used to seeing things in certain
ways when they're not in those ways
anymore people realize and people start
talking about it and no use them feel
like I need to let my only note I
guess when they're talking about that
rather than the content is going out and
when you've got a problem until notice p
daily vlogging you are showing your life
but if you're only showing the positive
side all the time why do you have to
then show a negative like a breakup was
also hard because if you start showing
negative like in a relationship online
what you're actually sharing is a very
personal in
relationships with a lot of outside
opinion and you then have people
commenting on the things that you're
sharing and that could then worse in the
relationship because if you're sharing
those ups and downs like the Downs is
going to be you know you might people
start siding with each other it's just a
 is like a shift on that nice crazy
man to beat me up that's why I don't
daily vlog I don't want that in pleasure
I'm I pressure and I did it for a year
and a half and and I much rather now
share what i want to share on snapchat
and Instagram make the videos every day
and do things like this the podcast is
probably the most real yeah personal
thing when I'm watching daily vloggers
I'm like wow this is so cool is amazing
and then someone has think actually it
is amazing but then I've no idea what
they're doing for the rest of the 23 and
a half hours of that day sleeping for
some of em it's just weird thanks
youtube because today they sent me a
custom-made adidas track suit which is
quite cool thanks youtube are they
following you on twitter yet they're not
actually and on it was really awkward
wasn't it because they tweeted so they
follow 1000 people I would I would you
know I'm in the i-beam amuse you for
long time I'm in the top 1000 creators
it's kind of like to think they'll
follow me and they've got a lot of 465
million they tweeted me didn't know the
other day and I do at a link out and i
replied saying thanks please follow me
follow me so youtube like can we why do
if they followed me before they followed
you be honest i'd be i get the
notification i'll show you our nikita
side me i'll be happy for you i would
prefer nandez black card you can't ask
for them I've got these thousand
following are hella drama hey I will
tweet every day you're going to need you
to treat every day as always if you
haven't already make sure you subscribe
give the podcast five star if you please
thanks to this thing and we will see you
next week with another episode so you
let guys bye
