hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
another video where we're looking back
at my old embarrassing clubs with people
like the first time we have some videos
so jumping straight em this is me and
Zoe again never met Zoe knew her fruit
Alfre altitude video fades like yeah so
it's really nice she's film with her so
we spoke and then Zoe drove to my house
in Bristol and this is the video from
plan Oh
so I'm here with a design as so ela oh
haha who is a makeup anything gurus what
Switzerland we got quite a fricative
everything yeah and we thought it'd be a
really hot guys wearing internet but the
main title of that top of our that
popsicle personally out beyond
originally gone hold on broad is very
amazing on see your lips with nicely
then great let's go funny miss go little
brain quote vodka why so scared open my
mouth Logan your nose in this video oh
wow Lauren shouldn't wonder what very
short with none of my head and kind of
just a very quick ear shiny or chefs
cold hands remember that you have really
cold fingers no ready okay yeah member
cells literally a beautiful just how you
are
ah become whole you look oh my god we
smashed it
Armand but we filmed for videos this day
so we had to clubs of each other
liquid eyeliner give me like a soldier
kills watching on this fellow this is
before YouTube was like a job and this
was like back in the day when for fun
and low we know when you're that doing
obviously still fun it's like I think
I'm the best job in the world about you
know make this is when it was like wow
this is weird this YouTube thing we're
all doing we started that guy's is awful
this is actually awful sorry me the
highlights smiling in my video thank you
close some of that 3p1 oh my god a so
sorry
though he doing my makeup early on it I
think I look oh there we go
next we've got video my photo booth god
British versus American Truffaut three
and a half million views
this was VidCon so August 2013
this was VidCon and this is when we all
stayed in a house as it returned
YouTube's in a house I shared a room
with Joe Connor wasn't staying in the
house that he lived in LA so he just
came over to film basically oh no I'm so
annoyed is the sound yeah forgot that
like when we record the sound might
wasn't plugged in and then I'm going to
edit it and I was like I think I like
wanted to cry
oh my god I have one channel his voice
sound fight Mike disappearing name right
and the loser I've got different club
music there Lea oh my god I forgot we
did that in the house someone that thing
we sat on the table well I was white at
honestly I love Connor is a really
fulfillment
in that what we doing why are we doing
nothing - oh my god really
my flute oppa - alligator at VidCon this
is nearly this summer before years ago
that's been glitchy mental and who's
that oh that need about an islet corner
Wow
some throws over me oh my God look who's
even there who's oh the way gold like
wicked gold so I push Connor in Alfie
throws on at me Joe's been thrown to be
Troy better then that LexA Luiza oh my
god no way I launched on a new stroke I
like it my career over like 300 Salamaua
who chose this angle very weird angle
for an outro Wow it's a slide video
see I honestly forgot that was at the
end of that video and seeing us messing
about in the pool do you know who filmed
a video in that house so like going
off-track here a little bit like two
weeks after we came out of this house
Macklemore uploaded a music video shot
in that house that we're in so you
remember that pool that you just saw I
remember I tweeted it back then and he
likes the tweet and I was like oh my god
anyway back to the video and a lot of
something we're looking at is my first
video of Troy now
I've watched this more recently and I
think it's actually really funny this is
nearly 3 years old
hello with
a sketch about getting fair I said it
your head ready to do it ruin her his
little so yeah walk it Butler
I think Cameron rather jacked rather
rips you can let the carnal now I will
shut up Crockett Marcus remember
that it misses lively special but me
came to get look how big I am competitor
to create pretty sure if I come up a
fire there though I appreciate having
fun this is just so bad but it's funny
bad maintaining a healthy diet by eating
a tree
I love Troy head he like sits out watch
stretch this is joke was telling is the
ready folded yeah the idea was on Gooden
any toys are gonna name boom-boom that
didn't give a that kind of thing
pretty motivated
make sure you flexible always so stupid
this is the weirdest thing all right
really really important to me I expect
for me now for the weird hand the trim
is like we started this weird is a
little freestyle like the shuttle oh
like jelly while we do something with a
stick put the point in at the end of it
are you've got friends I'll just pick
them up a run on future you know what
the circumstances may be monks in Troy
look there we go but is that oh well I
hope you guys enjoyed the video give it
a thumbs up if you want to see more and
I will see you tomorrow in a video all
right love you guys
goodbye
