hello hello hello Tucker morning to you
my name is Marcus and welcome back to
more Marcus very post videos every
single day ladies and gentlemen
why do when I twine like do an accent or
my eyebrows go down right
ladies gentlemen boys and girls diss
tracks oh who still loves diss tracks
yeah me diss tracks are a thing that
have been around for years through the
hip-hop rap genre yes what they're now a
new drug I'm moving to give this intro
people making diss tracks and about
other youtubers it's good for growth and
everything but it's like and I'm just
sitting back and watching it and taking
it in and basically we're gonna be
having a little look I'm reacting to
some youtubers diss tracks we were host
selection different youtubers is we're
just gonna watch engage together and
share our thoughts on them sound like a
plan good some of them I've seen before
some of them I've never seen before
first up we have one by the name of morg
a daily vlogger from Britain this is
called the end of mum distract official
music video VEVO everyone everyone
thinks a song a peeper these days it's
so interesting how they've all got these
VEVO deals it's brilliant I fit a blue
this world alright let's have a look
shall we
team or maybe they can take team walls
down
because they can take out a shot well
there's a fine shows mama as a goldfish
yeah well same as every youtuber least
you're honest
sorry what I'm not a rapper but let's be
honest I could literally eat the mind
not getting that metaphor late hang on a
minute
perfect I've never met morgues up with
the hilarity watch his videos nothing at
him at all at all this sounds awful dude
your channel you may have made her
channel but she made you she put you on
this planet she raised you up and you
helped her with some YouTube subscribers
but she gave you your life come on
that's all she's gained for the second
verse no I'm not gonna watch the second
verse sorry J max here we go it's not
every day bro J pool district official
music video feat vodka and monster to be
fair I appreciate the beat let's be
honest I'm gonna laugh at things
it's common for funny chick popping
crying like he is that what well it's
just through help from light Lambos in a
sexy shot to the kid starting any garden
you know my area this is bigger than
your entire marriage is hilarious dude
first you'll be calling it quits am I
making you angry UPF is so easy on
yourself you're gonna call it a desert
oh I'm not bat an to this I'm a just a
funny Disney Channel flow J max I don't
know Jay makes that well I play foot
with him twice he's oh very he's very
nice guy even know she can trap but
we're not here to judge people's rapping
ability or are we I am fully aware I
have made some rap songs and rap
parodies parodying
the rap genre yeah you made me get in
she began in fact funny about to send a
new Jake Paul god is this I've not seen
this 27 million views so Jake father let
me tell y'all about this bloke Jake pop
fake wife fake life no down at all let
me tell y'all bout all of his flaws
don't get me started
I don't understand why each out of that
you sound like a blanket can't fund the
room and parents are rich speaking of
your parents and they chop you on
everything he's saying I'm not saying
because I'm just like yeah yeah hold up
although yo let me stop you real quick
oh here we go
and I know everything you can say about
my clique and I'm not saying that I'm
disagree with them oh this other doctors
voice I am thirsty put the attention in
views I am a two-pack looking tubby
Esther is this him like becoming
relatable he's like look guys I can tell
you what everyone is gonna say about me
just gonna lay it out there
now you can like me yeah that's right
and you and watch it being yes I was a
dumb fifth-grade stupid bully still
forget the shit man
it ain't cool a man turns son unless we
got a twist coming here he is just I
mean he's killing himself ladies all
proper roast me appreciate that that is
you know he's gaining some respect here
from me not they you know not on my
respect he doesn't give a shit why
man fuck Jake Paul oh here we go is the
twist is it it's whether you know what
to make of that
but the bottom line is you're right when
you're hating on me I like I'm agreeing
with you guys I'm trying to like own up
to my mistakes as a message for everyone
else if you're like getting hazed on if
I want him to say damn on them I mean
compared to the other staff bear pay for
killing himself respect that so I'm
gonna say on that the end side Mendes
reply official music video Vick star 11
million views think of seeing this I've
seen this I mean it's funny it is as a
disco it's like you know it's starting
into it you think he's gonna drop
someone maybe she's got the Yeezys on
scores yeah it's looking fire right now
and then all of a sudden he's like no
it's funny like that Vick as well is
like the nicest honestly here's I think
the nicest youtuber I know he's just
like he's just such a nice guy just want
to like hug him they say there's a first
time for everything
I mean it's funny the bees by again
can't rap sorry they come no hate me I
love you but what the hell were you
thinking drop in lines about a Minecraft
Pig do you really think that
just thank you shit okay fair enough and
that is a little look at some of the
YouTube districts out there what are
your thoughts on the YouTube diss track
world phenomenon that they are do you
love them do you hate them are you done
with them do you hope they never return
I'd love to know what you guys think but
in the meantime make sure you subscribe
to the channel post videos every day
give the video a thumbs up and I will
see you guys tomorrow of another one
good bait
