yo what's going on beautiful sexy people
today we're going to be fine
finding out how I deal with same come so
famous you made a song called I'm famous
so that means I'm famous so let's find
out who's your favorite Spice Girl or I
used to like Scary Spice scarify stories
my favorite do you like to be
photographed yes I love it
sometimes I have to look my best no I
hate it more and then I go to someone I
have to look my best
are you a good dancer heck yes if I have
a few drinks in me sort of know just
know heck yes I'm pretty good dancer
which of these celebs is handling Fame
the worst Chris Brown Justin Bieber
Lindsay Lohan for our Abraham you know
is Kanye West
Kim Kardashian oh that's a tough one
who's it between I mean it's hot because
JBE for me is him and Lindsay Lohan eyes
eyes this white thing right when a star
is thrown into it from such young age
like beeves like Lindsay Lohan they have
grown up not knowing what normal life is
and having a normal childhood so I think
them having these issues and problems is
almost not okay but it's like
understandable whereas when you have
celebrities that have come from like a
normal background and then they turn
like really weird and I'm a bit more
light but it's hard because almost these
people on here Kanye West's Kim K Kim K
JB have got like the highest level of
theme you can have where you can pretty
much go anywhere and it's going to be
pretty intense I always think that like
this like YouTube is obviously like
people who watch my videos know who I am
and as you she's going and like blah
blah blah more people will be like oh
I've seen you on this or I've seen your
map but imagine for these people Justin
Bieber this is how I think it's someone
like JB is say I go to VidCon or YouTube
convention most people at a convention
will know who I am
whether they like me or not that
probably Know Who I am imagine that then
I try and imagine what it's like as
being a youtuber at VidCon it's quite
intense
if that was my daily life so if every
single day that whenever I mean house it
was like I'm in VidCon but wherever you
go
that's how I think of it for them and
then I'm like well okay that's kind like
if I was at VidCon every day of my life
when I stopped doing weird stuff I don't
know probably not but you don't know
anyway we went way off topic there I
would say so I'm going to Kanye West are
you good at keeping secrets the best
most of the time not really I kind of
have a big mouth I would say most of the
time I'll tell you what right I'm very
good at keeping other people secrets but
sometimes if it's something in mind I'm
really excited about I find it really
hard to keep secret because I like I
just want to tell people and I get
excited about telling people things how
do you deal with rejection
I use it as a learning experience and
grow from it it sucks but I deal with it
I'm horrible with rejection it's the
worst it's sort of I deal with it I'm
horrible rejection it for worse it's
hard to sub so have a depends on the
situation because I would say I'm not
horrible rejection it's worse I on both
I use it as a learning experience and
Grossmont it sucks but I deal with that
I've had things work being really really
close to doing like a really cool job or
in the mix for doing something super
cool and then it's like you go really
far and then they're like mad sorry and
times like that that suck but then I
deal with it you know I just I move on
but then it's also like sometimes I look
yeah I'll go to the middle once I think
that's probably more realistic if you
weren't an actor slash actress on set
who would you be director producer
casting agent hair makeup set designs
done that one who would I be not like
from or for the heart I could see myself
being a stuntman director
I don't know about I'm not that I'm not
very bossy and I know Direction director
is not necessary about being bossy but
it's about giving directions I save a
producer or stuntman I think stuntman is
kind of cool so than someone did you
always want to be famous yes my number
one wish as I was growing up no not
really anyone to be famous for having a
talent never like I've never wanted to
be of never thought or I really want to
be famous pick a movie about becoming
famous Moulin Rouge read on private
parts I'm team spice well haven't seen
superstar haven't seen Chicago haven't
seen almost famous haven't seen so I
have to go Moulin Rouge because you're
on a theme but you get a public speaking
I'm just like a I'm pretty damn good I'm
horrible in fact it's a big fear of mine
show what this might kind of an arrogant
but I would never say I'm pretty damn
good but I'm going to choose that only
because I have a choice I've learned
that skill through YouTube I really feel
like that is something when I talk about
huge amount talk about what done what
came from YouTube public speaking is one
of them because as scores can never be
obtained from exhausting talk and I've
now done things in front of 10,000
people life I've done talks in front of
big companies and bah-bah-bah so so now
I'm good if it's about something I know
if it's about something I don't know
haven't got a clue how could he use
money I'm terrible I spend it as soon as
I get I'm average I try to save it by
blow it every now and then I'm extremely
responsible and do my best
financially prepare to my future I would
say that I probably the third one
because I do spend my money that if I
wanted something of some of it yeah I
want to buy that but I'm always always
always almost like every day eyeing is
because as a little kid I used to like
worry about the future so literally I'm
always in the back of my head what
happens if this goes wrong if it is
wrong it is
how long will this last how what can I
do in the future
I've always tried to make myself
financially stable for if and when that
happens and that's literally at the
forefront of my mind with everything I
do is always all what can I do with that
money
how can I prolong this so I would I
would actually say yeah I'm rather
responsible
what would you be famous for acting
singing sports both Westerners and
reality porn out of those it's really
hard because it's definitely for me as
though to be acting singing sports to
know what I think the coolest thing is a
singer like if you or if you're famous
thing I think that's the coolest thing
because you like you work hard on the
album's you toy your albums and then
it's like you can just have a lot of fun
acting I think it's very well if you're
like top of the game is very well well
respected sports is again it's cool and
like yeah you're and good money but it's
a lot like you dedicate your life to
training and all that stuff so I'm going
to go see in do you have many interests
yes in fact excited it would give my
always known already I'm pretty
impressed
I do but don't necessarily act upon them
I do I'd say I do you actually have a
lot of interest and again I get very
excited about things so say I'm like I
want to learn the piano oh go and like
get piano and learn that and be really
intense on that one thing to eyes like
learnt a song that I wanted to learn or
till I get bored of that thing and then
I'd find something else like I'll try to
hid jiaying like I try guitar I just all
these little things I get really into
and some things I stick with that I
really like and really passion about
other things that I try and then it's
like hmm done that not for me move on
sing out because that way it's all about
tries he going to turn into it with deep
video so yes in fact right so beyond so
I got is how do I deal with saying well
can you deal with being famous is maybe
so did all of that
although see Ponce's
maybe we're not completely convinced
that you can't handle the pressures of
Fame but your talents may make the
experience worthwhile if you think you
can be level-headed responsibly
responsible and well behaved then go for
it I think I can so thank you I'm going
to go for it thanks very much
there we go there's that round like this
video turned into more like of a deep
like chatty video but I hope you enjoy
to give a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow of another one
