what's your own beautiful safety people
today we're going to be looking at 30
something or we're just going to be
looking at the BS fuck-ups and design
history so yeah that's it these
curiously shaped lush bath bombs I mean
I know what I'm saying when I'm looking
eyes I'm saying a massive dick that's
unfortunate whoo yeah how do people
realize this happy inflatable toy they
couldn't find the best place to blow up
this balloon yeah I mean you know
straight in there as weii off and shine
sorry
Christ Church Mount Zion and fascial off
and shine hmm
is that meant to be meant to be a rise
and shine is the unjust reading off and
shine this cave that's supposed to read
beloved on that is amazing this issue of
where magazines oh ah or yeah there's
not great is it this impressively sized
swimming pool that looks like a massive
 now on someone has made that as a
joke like surely they're just going you
know what if we'd if we put a pool in
there like a oh no and they'll be
like swimming in a pot I think someone
knows I don't know
shop shop it's gonna be short stuff but
your fault is shot and that's
unfortunate is that least I've been
around the wall and shouting that's the
new thing isn't it this strangely sexual
dentist logo Fallujah you know what is
weird don't know what kind of Dentistry
that is but he is allowing them this
logo for a Russian Bread Company the
emoji poo isn't it there's anal I bet
this isn't even in English though so to
me that's Red Hat a no-brainer
our language it's probably like cheap
gas slightly perfect ring holder I mean
that's not I mean it does less of it
what is everything funny when it looks
like a dick this questionable airport
sign fuck's sake
so someone holding their massive
x-rayed child what is that so look this
is looks like a testicle or way I'm
confused
the Mary breast cancer on lots of levels
of computer either sex change
yes look that's Russian okay and it's
not exchange actually is that but it was
a dollar before it's excited no so just
so like deke what cotton bones that I'm
sorry that is a breast a conceive you
interrupted by what appears to be
testicles hanging above that's not that
inappropriate far taco fast a so far
taco yeah just get that Phan this car to
cool showing a dog owners love I love my
bone my dog
I love boning my dog this coin operated
machine I mean yes in his private area
based on that bad these problematic sock
P pedo pedo what they meant to say P P
Umbridge booze dope the mint a dope no
that's that speedo I'm sorry
mega who does that mega Claire's
traditional barbershop this Batman water
pistol is all too happy to have it
it's trigger pulled a property right
this case is meant to be a turkey turkey
is just life on delayed a massive dump
on there it's untraditional wool clock
just think this create unique creative
and professional professional this
carpet vacuum that wasn't meant to look
like
read veg match things had fetched it
here's my line this mess of a pet store
named animal anus yeah that's awful
was it menacing animals and in animal
and us animal no idea but that's all
this baseball teams logo super hitters
that's not that bad again that's not
that funny
the wanky teapot the oh it's always very
wonky but it's not this McDonald's
coffee cup warmest greetings from an ass
on that haptic honor at it eight bon
app√©tit it's interesting wait soft
shade I mean yeah there we go there's
some of the most inappropriately
designed things you will see on this
planet give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it if you laughs and I will
see you tomorrow moving on video right
goodbye bye bye
