hola como estas hi how competitive and
why Matt the most competitive person I
know that's not true it is yeah it's
true of some things like I'm very
competitive when it comes to games and
sports and like playing with friends you
know yeah that was I was the always a
competitive person when I was a kid I
hated losing and I've always been told
that I'm better person but we're gonna
find out what percent competitive are
you how do you feel about board games
they're not really my thing I love them
but if I win I think they're pretty fun
I love them but only if I win
I mean it's true isn't it what's the
point in saying there for four hours
play Monopoly to go
oh yeah lost how do you think you'd cope
on a competition based TV show well I've
been on one haven't I
I wouldn't go on one there's too much
pressure I would place pretty dope and
already care I would give it a good go
see what happens I'd be on it to win
even I had see I would give it a good go
tip that's I mean that's an honor to the
truth you get a high grade on tests that
someone gets a few percent more than you
cut you feel I don't care how am i grade
I'm tiny bit jealous but just motivates
me to work hard I'm happy for them I'm
pissed off obviously deserve the highest
grade okay when it comes to this job I
don't think I'm gonna become that be
that competitive on this test based on
these questions because to be honest I
don't care I'm happy with my grade
because that's how I feel in that
situation are you into sports yes I like
sports like running incident yes I like
team sports what kind of person are you
in a group project I take back seat and
let's on know definitely know I
contribute I end up doing everything but
I'm not happy about it
I insists on doing everything because I
know I'll be right there mmm I used to
like always be more leading when I did
these like group projects at school so
yeah I insist on doing everything you're
playing a game with the younger relative
would you lose just to be nice there's
no we're losing only if I think they'd
get super upset if they lost yes they're
only a kid they should be happy it's
hard because I'm a nice person so I'm
reading the same of course if I'm
reading of a kid I'd let them win but
probably Oh
super upset if they lost how did you
react to losing again woof I stayed
visibly upset for the rest of the day no
that's intact I get upset but quickly
get over it yeah I get upset but quickie
over it for sure I'm like steaming for
like five minutes and then I'm like that
has done or lusted
do you ever compete with other people at
the gym don't even notice other people
that much no but I see someone doing
impress it motivates me to up my game
that is true all the time if on
treadmill no that's not it's more like
if I'm in the gym I see someone doing
like a new exercise haven't seen or
doing something like really cool hands
down I'm like wow that's cool I'm gonna
try that but never like yeah I'm gonna
like better that person your phone map
shows you something is a 10-minute walk
away how long does it take you probably
a little longer I like to meander is
true but actually that's too because if
weeks I'm super have competitive but I'm
also like super chilled so I always when
you map something and when you're with
someone in a different country and I
call it ten minutes no yeah we can do it
in eight so I do actually do that so
yeah I would have to go over that how
early to use him to finish exams I work
right up until the last minute I
finished about 10 minutes early I she
know that feeling they said I've never
really thought about this since I've
done them but when you're in a subject
you hate and you literally finish a
two-hour exam in like 30 minutes and
you're just sat there complete silence
like well I'm completely my life
up how are you doing oh yes yes still
still writing yep I'd probably say I
usually finished 10 minutes early not
because I'm not good at subject just
because that's probably not good at the
subject does it matter if you're polish
driving test first time no but I would
hope to pass on the second try yeah that
was me I passed second time no but I I
mean it did I didn't know me because my
driving test right it's gonna tell your
story
I was smashing it literally smashing my
way did all the manoeuvres perfectly I
was like I am absolutely partners we
literally on the way back to the driving
centre where we start his a roundabout
and I get to the roundabout and he goes
me he's literally like I were taking the
hey with teeth exit I was a target cool
that's what he said hey we TV exit I get
the roundabout there is no sign that
said hey with teeth so I'm like okay so
I Drive round in a circle and he's like
no it's this one it's this one pointed
to the first one there was literally no
sign for here is he dead set I'm not
from here achieve me I'm not supposed to
know that
so we parked I was a bit like oh maybe
I'll get minor for that yep so you've
got two minors awesome and one major oh
right well for cutting in on the
roundabouts ah not a cheers me yeah have
you ever been called a sore loser before
no yeah when I was a kid though just
come better FIFA than you know have you
ever got genuinely upset over getting an
average grip the whole grade thing never
doesn't bother me I think it's because
I'm in noise like if I'm not good at
something it's when I when I think I'm
good at something and then someone beats
me that's when I'm like yo I need to
like sort this out but if like grades it
was never that academic so I wasn't
really that fast no it's better than a
pharaoh and as long as that part hurts
what matters true you were walking down
the street and someone near you is
walking slightly faster than you what do
you do I don't give a like things
like that I'm always the point of being
competitive over walking down a street
to be honest I slow down and sake and
pass me because I get like Wenzhou on
what I hate walking at the same speed a
song and they're really close to I just
think especially that behind you they're
gonna be looking at you like staring out
so I'm just like no I'm just gonna slow
down and let you pass oh so if you walk
fast wherever you get do you just start
sweating and I'm not about that life
you've got 64% competitive you can
definitely be pretty competitive you
always aim for the top and can be
single-minded when it comes to winning
you like to be if not the best one of
the best at anything you do I'd probably
agree with that so there we go I am a
little bit competitive but yeah hope you
guys enjoyed the video you expose dope
you did
see you tomorrow with another one
goodbye
