hey yo what's going on man named slim
shadey in listening to you kid hi youtl
sexy people
so googling myself right that's like
that's a trend isn't everyone's done
like googling yourself blah blah blah
blah
having done you tubing yourself though
have you there's some interesting things
that people upload onto youtube when
searching for me so let's have a little
have a little look at what we find when
we youtube myself first one Marcus
Butler mp4 just lalalalala two seconds
two seconds Allah who is making them
gaming it's not gaming is it first time
Marcus but that means Stephanie using up
ok first time stalkers me March 2016
Oh
Louise's vlog I mean this is Louise's
Baadshah cop-con here then where's the
first time we oh yeah I mean yeah it's
kind of true but I just thought it was
so funny interesting then we've got this
guy who Marcus Butler youtuber horror
movie or a movie MJ's reaction yo
without that everybody my name is MJ and
welcome back to the MJ way
you're 30 K so the MJ way
Oh today do is we're going to be
watching a video called YouTube horror
movie where they show haka but left mark
your well three Rosanna Marcus Butler
he's a gay
no he friends with rectifiers and other
people Oh like chill ugh he's a DeMarcus
but let in a couple of videos before I
always like it style it's like II think
he relaxed in this video to put it it
just works you would think somebody that
comment as mellow as in would be boring
but it's not you just want to sit and
watch his videos I mean texaco crude
oven okay this guy's a joke you guys
knew each other we love me go from the
piano how to use all the killer acting
created a bunch of different characters
Marcus was drowning in number one
markets a slightly darker Brown a number
two markets in London number three it's
character level uh Marcus
hahaha ostrich awesome oh that caring
that's right this is funny I like
watching people reacting to my videos
with I've never seen them before she
told me crisps may pretty much
you've got the plot there bin man loves
his trophy because he knows he's
monitoring it but is he always rerun
what I can't pull them off anymore Oh
near in good idea man earring anymore
that phase is gone out window oh it
looks scared I did mark after the game
cuz the paint booth took me was I love
this video sick so cool my own video we
laughed the paper for one leg is with me
Josie
oh I like that I was a good video I
think you went on longer
it's like it was almost like that was
the preview for the movie what I like
this guy
I know chose guys videos out and we also
what we got here I'm famous by Mark spot
line Kaname non remake this isn't a
remix what you don't put it on
times two and then just go ah I know
what do is ah stick around them cut here
random cut there and mash it yep and
that's a remix hurting my ears
I have to go outlet you have to stop
that really sorry you know what there's
a video somewhere on YouTube of me
saying hello yeah here we here we go
I mean I don't know why Marcus but less
saying hello has got 130 thousand views
oh god this is awful this is they've
really got all my old videos and the
evolution of my hello
and I hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello hello hello hello I
feel I'm going insane watching I'm
literally going insane watching
I guess more aggressive ah hello hello
hello
oh my god okay hell it went from
a hello to a hello I'm trying to already
do that anymore do I
Jesus Christ Oh someone has reacted to
Marcus Butler and Conor Maynard I'm same
as on guys my person and welcome to
today's video where we I go we take a
look at Marcus Butler he really not
every case um I mean I haven't got
rounded you in it is like it is I don't
want you to give me hey I'm gonna come
here what just wanted more
yeah moisture before hello smile let's
get to the video areas what is he paying
for this
whoa was he think the rapido saying he
wants to LA like still not talking I'm
in trouble
no he's gonna say renovator I'm tripping
I think he like that you know that is a
goof that's a compliment isn't it it's
probably bit I take that beard come on
tell me if you like it I wanna know if
you like it this is like proper catchy
like kale seriously market all yeah okay
can't I use on real hairy to the end I'm
famous
I wonder if I want Ashley H still do
that on a daily basis if you have this
on downloaded like an exam to everyone I
could say I'm a CSV there's a lot you
know there's been a lot of your aloha
treatment and your top like Spotify
something that you listen to so respect
San Marcos violence Stephanie in bed
snapchat or this is this person is weird
right they download all of our snapchats
and let you uploads in those videos and
some of them have got like hundreds of
thousands of years
no even joking Marcus like Stephanie
Stephanie Keating and Marcus but one
hundred and sixty thousand views huh
sick at the party Marcus Butler snapchat
Gullu okay why the might act in all
these weird yoga videos yo company yoga
challenge love good exercise and someone
who's almost half mated in every
thumbnail series stop tagging me in your
yoga videos I was a lot of snapchat
marks but let's hang on over Justin
Bieber this person has too much time on
their hands right well that in part one
this video if you guys want part 2 give
this video a thumbs up I don't know what
that was a thumbs up but yeah I hope you
enjoyed it and I'll see you try moving
on video all right love you guys
