it's a laugh hahaha yeah you're not
youtuber what's the new cheaper laughing
being able to fake laugh everybody and
listeners to lower your expectations AIB
talent you sing a song okay
fashion joke people wear clothes and
they look quite nice they walk catwalk
past I was in Milan for Fashion Week and
I had the most incredible opportunity of
walking the runway for dolce gabbana
yeah how did you find it what's the
world of fashion like I was absolutely
 it he waited to meet Stefano
who is one of Dolce & Gabbana and he
comes in practice walking actus walking
his the fauna comes over to me when I
have my outfit knees and then he's like
now walk and I was like okay so he
started walking how I normally walk and
he's running behind me like faster
faster faster faster chasing me I was
like okay there is basically a wall
where Marcus likes to go and do
instigate it's not why I liked you it's
just it's a good background it's not
happening with me oh yeah it's got a
cool wall actually and I saw one of you
at the wall was like someone else has
done something at the wall yeah and
actually that's my clothes you take the
photos no how about I do beating you
just okay YouTube let's talk about
YouTube we're gonna talk about YouTube
now just a bit more I really went back
we pop a new video you guys hope they've
seen it good youtubers in bed I don't
have ever had a video so well received
once it goes out into recommended which
it did because it starts reaching people
morning Astro which is really cool
there's still then some funny comments
that come through it sure obviously the
concept is youtubers in bed so just
embed their menu have a conversation
don't know but what do they do before I
know what they did after funny it's just
funny to laugh at like
you're cute but why would you assume
just because it's a boy and a girl on a
bed whole YouTube world you can't be
with one person of anything without
someone shipping it you do a picture
with anyone boy or girl and they're like
I'm about ship it's a bit of a weird
phenomena shipping is a huge huge thing
in itself do youtubers know but like
when they're gonna upload photos all
people kind of ship us in this I think
some YouTube probably do a lot of
youtubers might start like when they're
first getting with someone on their
girlfriend they might push their
whatever their ship hashtag it slows
like they might hatch tag it themselves
and stuff and I'm a bit like it's weird
I like yours and Stephanie's ship meth
it's not me you're the only person who
says meth it's even meth or stockist
yeah start obviously start curses oh
come on I like it I like most daring
yeah first ever Premier I went to is
wearing weird outfit I went and bought
some bright gold sparkly trainers Oh -
One Direction premiere yes and at a time
I was like these are cool hope you got
the rest of the outfits fine but then
why have you got gold shoes off
I thought I was cool thank you so much
for listening if you are new and you're
not already make sure you subscribe and
please please please give the podcast
rating I know recess every week but it
is really nice to go on there and see
what you guys are saying and how you're
rating it and reviewing it and we will
see you next week goodbye
