what's going on beautiful sexy peephole
oh oh - silver-coated a maxima silver
hair call me a silver fox if you get
less than three out of seven you're
getting sucker-punched by fake news fake
news is a thing is a it's kind of like
calculate on YouTube but worse because
they're spreading in accurate messages
often about other people that can affect
that person's life so I'm not gonna jump
into all that as a whole other than if
you get less than 307 get ba-ba-ba-ba
we've discovered a new organ the
mesentery in the human body
traverse meso : small intestine
mesentery what the is this
real or fake I mean is it real news or
fake news meaning I'm confused because
even though it's real news it might be
fake story but if it's fake news and it
is still face to see I mean I'm gonna
fake a there is a mesentery in your body
but we've known about for a long time oh
so that's what's fake the fact that's
not new weird there's things in our
bodies that we don't know if there isn't
it in France it's illegal to answer your
email after work hours
that's that's got to be fake
thank you
it's fake much like the kerfuffle over
similar headlines 2014 this story is
fake there is a proposed bill that talks
about employers rights to disconnect but
doesn't mention email I mean that would
just be men - it's illegal to respond to
an email have a day off someone
vandalized the Hollywood sign to say
Holly weed or new hissy I don't
again it's fake it's real
countless tweets and local media reports
confirm Holly weed is real no way
because if you go near that isn't that
like army breach iconic Hollywood sign
in Los Angeles was
vandalizes someone June easy-to-read
holly weed it's quite funny
actually happened Vsauce a hundred
thousand retweets it's quite clever so
what they've actually done is they've
just put a banner a black banner over
there and a white banner in the middle
as Trevor it's very funny Los Angeles
will help fund legal aid for residents
facing deportation yeah I don't know
real hey it's real la is joining other
cities across America and paying for
legal counsel of undocumented immigrants
facing deportation la set aside 10 mil
Australian authorities save twenty
koalas being sex trafficked in
underground animal brothel well
Australian authorities saved twenty
koalas being sex traffic in underground
animal brothels underground animal
brothels is that like people paying to
have sex with animals or is that an
animal brothel where you're making
animals other animals I'm a little
confused this I want to set it's fake
okay good version of the story I've
clean flow trans 2014 as snow reports
but none of them have any truth to them
number six the Washington Post Express
printed the wrong symbol women on its
front page it was in like male female
right real oh that's really newspaper
later push hasn't it come but not
working rusev that is awful like that is
so bad being about people bought in that
publication or who should just be nice
anal in it that's actually for male
interests in target has Sharia compliant
checkout lanes where you cannot bring
pork or alcohol real no it's fake the
rumor started want to sign for the lanes
popped up on a blog by his photoshopped
you got five out of seven right you're a
fake new superhero yo oh that's because
I don't believe in although
that was quite hard to be honest but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video
give it a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow with another one
alright goodbye
