yo what's going on today we've done
Cydia before is very popular video
googling yourself done before did it why
did it prorate three years ago
hum Dunton so we can have a little dirt
what people are searching to me
searching for me searching about me on
Google so here we go
Marcus Butler first thing that comes to
that age Twitter March 2016 aged 25
years old Twitter that's what cool is it
is oh no one but I don't even have a
match store anymore
alrighty March all right do i do I owe
everything sold out sorry about that
yeah literally I'm I'm very much not
sure hopefully in a dirty March and yeah
basically wash but though what else
comes up is marker ah awesome
it is Marcus Butler ass where town is
Marcus Butler engaged nope
quitting you shoot from the video though
is most about the Mary know Marcus
Butler is most Butler Instagram in
Family Guy I'm famous images midget most
about that in Family Guy that is a thing
that happened which is kinda mental if
you haven't seen that this is what was
in the clip gonna be pretty school I'll
be I I was becoming future star like
general model well then no one is rich
his riches raywilliamjohnson regret
millions but he's rich which is
definitely for Marcus Butler or
ingrediences it's the most random group
of you Joe why they picked me in this
this of jennamarbles
raywilliamjohnson that doesn't even do
you too many more random but I'm very
very cool images is always funny mum
markers but
2016 here 2015 2014 new hair logo blonde
age snapchat strap marks Butler 2016 oh
yeah all the edgy pic coming out yeah
that is an awful picture back in the
days we whom it is my glasses all right
Pete the glass is Oh had a low here he
is
because I had a naughty pose so the time
I was in MasterChef a very skinny marker
the time I extract the suitcase to Zoe's
head I look very hot and sweaty in this
picture Marcus Butler at and Ollie right
why is that like the most searched thing
what comes out you've got my YouTube you
got my Twitter which is always you know
goods you got Instagram my Wikipedia
which we've been through Facebook and
then it's a beam an article so it's not
good who is marks banner who is anyone
what all these things can't first Marcus
by the age height network and Wikipedia
and cific up my height right all height
calm what free log about the height how
tall is Marcus what does it in meters
one one eight six foot six feet one yeah
that is correct
I'm six foot one is Marcus Butler dead
is Marcus Butler dating Stephanie using
her awesome is Marcus Butler dead I'm
fascinated as why Marcus by the end only
why is the first thing that people
search from on spoiler and if I matter
how many of them to button to videos of
money
it is a lot of Volvox videos about it we
both work with always a lot and there's
a picture of us poor lads with only not
being in it they're not sure where come
on
that is an amazing picture does Mars
well I have tattoos no I don't have
tattoos
contrary to popular belief I was going
to get a tattoo and then I kind of was
like ah you know what it's like
a tattoo for me I'm someone who changes
you can tell it changed my hair but I've
changed my style things that sign in to
quite quickly and dramatically dramatic
I would worry with a tattoo that I would
get it and then instantly in four years
time be like eternity like that so no
does - what I have a cat no alfie deyes
where's my cat mate still waiting for
that doesn't always quite I have a
brother no I don't does my spot I have a
baby
one minute don't I have a baby
my wife's like boys fathers got a baby
must but the babies and a child on
Pinterest don't to see this there's a
lot of old pictures of me looking very
fat will Marcus a butler and that one
cares about that
hey but I had Marcus bono because I want
Eva come in a wig Peter in a while
I always subscribe six point six million
hello they've got it right with your
play bombs down there ah hallelujah this
is amazing
they've changed the peak chart position
on the song remember the song needs to
say 85 and I was like actually 34 thank
us can you whoever change that you may
be proud boy wait in 2016 but that was
featured in YouTube rewind so cool mas
what was dating ruining this Pete this
headline one of your favorite YouTube
stars has a new girlfriend and she's a
teenager who is Marcus Butler
mahuri - like a NFL player one spot as a
boss people very much yeah it will happy
yeah or who misses the YouTube boyband
all those such good memories boys such
good memories that's nice oh my god we
order to meet up didn't we and we were
like wearing you to boy band t-shirts
back in the good old days a 13 million
views that song that's quite a lot isn't
it anyway boys and girls guys going to
round up today's video I hope you
enjoyed it make sure you give a thumbs
up if you did and I will see you
tomorrow another one right
