hey booboo sexy people what's going on
today it would be really funny to look
back and probably cringe at my first
collab videos not my ever ever first
ones like the chicken only chance Rafi
because everyone seen as we've done that
a lot but just looking back it like
first video tip about like 130 is raffle
especially as Casper Zoey and stuff like
that because we funny to see like how
long ago that was and where it started
and we're right now
yada-yada-yada yeah you you you be who
we hear the birds are gonna start with
is your log how to cook with marks on LC
22 December 2011 teach other barking out
this coming December that's gonna be
sick years ago oh my god six years ago I
remember like I uploaded on Christmas
Day as well oh that's crazy
what's up really not it all cringy stop
what why are your Center out there so we
were try making a chocolate Yule Log
so going on ingredient when a need to
speak videos I used to be like chocolate
your log like in case you didn't even
the size of the phone in my hand is tiny
like that technology five years ago when
we got very hot in the video 108 to
camera is zero is really art is a very
different thing on how to describe this
the amassment aeration aeration aeration
and if you trapper winning all that
and still doubtful aeration and it was
so weird with so young what boy inside
watching it back now coulda made it a
lot right Matthew I remember young in
very hot letters please have come
completely up now are you gonna hit the
switch out its leaves the right time oh
no you lookin at
okay sods which that another amazing I
would love to smash out my cheat day
ohh what my turn thank you boy that's
how it will market they're in control
himself
right now the next rate was rising
shoulders if I thought we both very pay
off that Syria
that looks amazing not joking if I shall
follow that so cool next video we gonna
watch is sexy London Olympics 2012 this
was six months after that this is the
first time that ever phone video of
Casper now I should say I hadn't even
met Casper I went to the airport Pitt
Casper up and he was coming to stay at
mine I'd literally never met him and I
was like yeah I'll come pick you up from
the airport and you save my house
imagine that like when I said that's my
parents like I'm a yeah mom um so I've
like spoken to this guy online and I'm
gonna go to the airport pick them up and
then Kenny's they're ours
why is my mom not like a bit weird asper
looks like a different person
I mean we both have a democratic Casper
look I he looks a bit like a woman you
went or like wrote yet yeah my nobody
 all right this is TAS MELAS
oh very awkward at DTaP I don't know I'm
doing that but yellow be my date Wow can
I say hotter than big thing
come on I got very bushy down yet what
secret the only actually happened in
real life every snitch videos we are
over here by this weird or aletheia not
a decade by exactly it's not it's more
than twice taken the capsules nervous to
film
me but for each other messing up you
guys didn't know the Olympics are
actually coming to London this year yeah
yeah excited mmm oh it's so much like
all could try and get funny hope we all
quite funny if you ever that family or
this could get very hot or have it very
sweaty I don't have anything else to do
Melina arm wrestlin I would be Catherine
honest I'm sure all might have gums up
quite big arms and already muscular one
can see it's quite what I've voiced this
now like we will Oh quite funny okay
take it seriously
this consensus folks when everyone
thought of gay because that I always
democracy retard speeds in the table so
you now sticker on my wardrobe those
videos are is bad it's quite funny
earlier crossing thawed
we've got cash we made capsules castles
like let's make more in purple so we've
got Ribena in his bottle and so yeah
purple we what the I think what we
like that so we're going to check
it out Rita dough from caspere's channel
and please subscribe while you're
dancing or whatever paid for one of them
a really horrible just being in this
room we my showed up in a foreign
country whose ideas are I love too many
women on the log it's a bit not complete
why do you see a looper silly music game
Maxon as you can see I'm addressed
because hey Joker you can see I want
your loop the game thank you for
watching this video
you could also go and check it out
without a cap this channel are you
really I've know a bit a long time Oh
Tyler to keep all my god
juicy cracker challenge oh I just talk
about this because this again YouTube is
like it was kind of when they're all
growing up before we even knew each
other we'd we'd hang out and like just
make videos I've known each other I was
living in Bristol Tyler with an unknown
II took a two-hour train journey to
Bristol so he could film with me I
picked up from the station we literally
had two hours to go think of an idea go
to super I can get the stuff and then
drop me back at the station and film two
videos so this was the first time I met
Tyler oh I was even 720 hello
so I'm here topic from October 22 away
from the US but it's going to do a
little challenge video yes we listen the
cutlet Marius me order a little bit I
love that he shows well doctor maybe me
too much fashion oh how much Jim it
meant because the soup soup beans oh
thanks oh the music so loud you wanted
really hear a b-line know like so Lux a
claw cream crackers which pretty much
dependent what we've got get some
marshmallow and binky and make another
word difficult but the most difficult
thing is we decide these with no hands
so it'll be interesting so we'll see how
it goes
or titled did you crackerjack it is one
thing you don't know about Marcus you've
never met him
this is what you need to know about and
he's a wreck or get mess he's falling
apart
he's my emotional breakdown I just
picked on me on my wood that you do
there do you eat them one weird YouTube
video looks the most awful crackers
shove off faces and all we do is eat
them honestly swear this video on the
inside what's that what we do what we do
what I don't even look at you right now
honestly no look at that can feel that
band her person Oh
I'm beautiful you're still gone forever
so we also filmed another video with
Pilar mm-hmm I could never really see
hello
you should come rather be a spider goes
murder the marshmallow challenge with a
name is Tom Coburn unnie is pretty funny
so there we go you click his face right
now Britain click here ok let's fight
for that video
Wow bye so yeah that was reacting to my
first ever collab with some people if
you guys enjoyed it and want to see more
give a thumbs up I've got obviously
loads more of those I can react to so
yeah it might be funny to Reeboks those
so I hope you liked it and I'll do my
own video right love you guys nice
