Joe was going on beautiful sexy people
welcome to a video which includes the
world you guys you guys love this videos
where it's like to do with countries or
quizzes or Flags anything that's like
worldwide seems to get really good
response
can you get 100% on this country name
abbreviation test the United Nations
uses three-letter codes to identify
countries for example the abbreviation
for Canada is C a.m. can you quickly
identify the three-letter codes for each
country yes of course I am because I'm
an absolute border United say to America
what's USA isn't it China CH i o winner
yet I dread Australia - is a us o
fortnight Brazil
BR ay-ay-ay-ay-ay
Germany ger what I swear is ger oh
I'm gonna get kill for them sorry guys
deu I swear ger Spain is EFP espana it's
been Espanyol eeeh Egypt is eg why oh
yeah hahaha United Kingdom GB are Great
Britain although isn't oh no because
it's the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Great Britain and right no there's
judo in between Great Britain and United
Kingdom that you don't know do you not
inviting me
so Great Britain is yeah Scotland
England and Wales UK is those and North
Island no way yep biggest person is a
knife is Japan GPN on it up oh yeah q8
who's saying that qap New Zealand night
it's n0 yeah I nearly went mzd Greenland
is GRL boys absolutely smashing it
Romania wrong roo-roo guitar qtr on oh
here we go now now South Africa yes I
think it's yeah no so they're Indonesia
IND like it we've just gone well
downhill now Antarctica AR see know
you've got 9 out of 16 right whoo no I
mean I was smash yeah and then started
space you doing crap so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed the video if you did make
sure to give it a thumbs up if you would
like to see more of this stuff
sorry this is probably little bit
shorter but yeah I hope you enjoyed it
anyway I'll see you tomorrow another one
right goodbye
