hello hello hello beautiful safety
people how's he going welcome back I
said welcome back I mean it's not like
I've disappeared from the channel but I
said I'm filmed in maybe like a week or
so so is welcome back welcome to me in
my home in my video setting if you guys
follow me on social other social
networks you will have seen probably
that I walked a runway for Dolce &
Gabbana what the like just just
that statement there I walked the runway
in Milan so Giovanna
yeah like literally the possibly the
most insane experience I've ever had to
date through this whole YouTube crazy
experience and just a mental opportunity
that I'm so grateful for it had so like
so nervous for like it's so like silver
stages I actually spoke about on the
podcast or there's the next episode of
the podcast so if you guys listen to
that you'll hear me talk about in in
depth because I'm one do it too much it
I kind of want to react to it like
there's a video so I haven't really
watched the video so I want to see the
video and react if you guys get to show
you talk about the pictures and yeah
that kind of thing so I should give you
a bit of an insight firstly the ocean
one of first kind of fashion brand to
think about mixing models with social
influences which is obviously something
I think is really interesting and really
cool for the fashion brand to do that
because death switching up they're so
used to obviously models just walking
the catwalk but bringing people like me
into insertion visits is going to
broaden the variety of the brand and the
reach of the brand and its social
interactions that was our sowing is
really smarting what they did and also
really cool because it means I got to do
that so yeah it was in Milan we had one
day of rehearsals and then it was like
next day is the show I was so nervous
the whole thinking you look like I've
never modeled let alone water run way
they think about you right now sat on
home watching this video and being like
yeah you've just been asked to walk a
runway
how could you react same with me
probably very very nervous so they had
austin mahone who is that performing
throughout the show Cameron dalas opened
the show it was just really really cool
I think the legend himself is about to
walk get ready for this ah who has me
running downstairs does that mean
running down stand there is a little
gate back that you see on a different
angle and as I was coming out says often
mallanna says gave them chief he'll
figure out its fists out as i hear man
and we crew that guy is tall and look
there are let's me the fact I'm coming
down the middle
oh this is gonna be interesting to watch
here look at that
solid walk oh here he is coming through
strongly yeah look at that I think my
walk is okay consider I've never done
this before
oh here he is look at that Syria oh yeah
down the cameras and that's it then you
see me walking back and that's third
that's the walk still we see me walking
away I was such a cool experience
watching this back now and then just to
show you how a model actually walks
let's look at Steffi so the other really
cool thing for me was sketchy was
walking which made the whole thing so
much more comfortable and just having
someone there she just absolutely slays
it compared to me ready so she's coming
now there you go look at this how a
model actually walks oh yeah looks much
better than me right see ya it was cool
Jim's in her home in which I think Jim's
quite far on oh I think I miss Jim so me
yeah I missed Jim but Jim's in there
somewhere so you had a number in the
show - 35 and I think it goes up to like
basically what happens is as soon as you
walk out you have to do really quick
change into the like finale outfit where
we will walk out together
so the flow over down the line you are
the shorter the left I have to change
and then yeah this song comes out and
you can see we all come out together
like we're all walking it's to do like
good vibes they're not just happy for
them well I don't even see me I am in
there somewhere
there are Col downstairs yeah I'm in
there somewhere but I was there I don't
know who I am
and then we all line up on the stairs
ere we go loads me and Steffi ah and
that's pretty much the show that was it
so I mean we can see my my focus area is
like a walking the little legend quite a
few that now I always had no idea what
open Awards but I think my pictures I
was a happy with my outfit and obviously
fashion is that it's like a lot of time
not what you'd wear it's kind of an
extended version of fashion showing
what's going to be trendy this year but
my outfit was solid that I got to choose
my outfit so I chose this outfit and
yeah I'm oh my god so I wanted to pay
for the right specimen spot a 500-pound
penny wants to buy this picture for me
so I can have it print it large
that'd be nice jokes yeah actually that
look at that solid look you can see I
don't know I learned that it's weird
looking at this mouth like my hair the
whole experience was just mental crazy
crazy experience like I said I'm going
to talk about it on podcasting full like
blah blah if you're interested in that
which and there's a link to it down
there the podcast but it's probably not
out yet all that so it comes out every
Monday but yeah I hope you enjoyed this
video like I said it was a crazy
experience for me to be able to even do
something like
and without getting all that opulent
cringy but over all these cool things
happen because of you guys and my
audience and for watching me and
following me etcetera etcetera so the
school is now over done
is down to you guys thank you so much
for watching my videos basically yeah
and I'm going to go and I'll see you
tomorrow my video all right love you
guys Hey
