I was going on beautiful sexy people and
we're flashing back to my past here in
another video so when I was home my mom
found this TV case now in here is like
some of my first CDs I had like your
normal CDs but there's also a few CDs
that I mix like I've burned myself so I
thought it would be really funny I have
no idea what's on the beefy flavor CDs
and here what I used to listen to
everything was cool but I want to show
you this collection just like before we
end up the downs I had the game how we
do featuring 50 cent I don't want to
Edward to the hand in there kiss
presents hot joints - Jake Warren hood
hop why did I buy that a whole classic
three lines on the show what the - the
hunger for more who's at g-unit cool are
Kelly tp3 or icaros a massive Linkin
Park fan uh sure confession if you can't
get rich or die tryin while I mix CD
virtual comes it's more of my mix CDs
which will come to Sean Paul the Trinity
right let's start this has no
information on it this is my burn CD so
there's nothing written on it I've got
this hos it's gonna wanna poison my
laptop how do you protect a CD premiums
Louise live in here oh there it is there
she is Louise life means stuff you watch
that you guys should we'll go watch it
I'm quite tired like is it going to even
call it song names but where does this
even Oh
audio CD the song names the CD cannot be
found online do you still want to import
the song can I play it though track 1 is
going to play only Bobby Valentino and
so involved in fellow Melrose Oh Oh
classic this is Cathy Henry and he had
one big song and then he went on The
Voice UK like ten years later -
gibberish shady aftermath she make makes
a baby Ellen needed the mill pair are
classic Tommy
then he's the Muhammad SAW upfront God
within all is so fun Oh gentlemen
gentlemen
everything thank you
I miss a mistake the princess is here
PLC B head on ax men super fan I hit
gnarly funky fresh with our no the words
though this wouldn't change like this I
had the biggest crush on Bianca
obviously absolute magnify no doubt
about isolationist them now it doesn't
know that there's only rather Traxxas
match China have been like back to the
ain't no hollaback yeah this is a good
song
I love that song Grillo my carry phone
like them like that yard our harissa did
my Harry again that would remains the
pretty that's y'all that down yeah Joe
man Wow all this is R&B pop they day oh
they say this is amazing
hit him with a ghetto ghetto gospel so
do we follow me isn't everyone like to
PI still alive my hair
Romana days up reminiscing again and a
good day oh don't be too late oh oh oh
oh not my cat
yeah you don't switch get it going shut
up
sorry alright that's that mixed one down
bloody hell what did you think of that
war oh I remember
of course CD here ever feeling down DD
boxes next one
I definitely feel some though I should
thought that would be amazing
here we go we were 18 tracks on the CD
track 1 teen drinking boss Barry pen yo
I got a fake IDs out I still listed some
now June 1 here comes the tube to the
streets to the for everybody drunk out
on an and floor elitism now haha
yes it is this is a boy bank that young
bring in party you know fire up in his
burning fire oh one one issue all my
favorite throw back home what do you
really yeah buddy yeah buddy yet woody
yet you want to go around me to look
hotter liberal brother brother let's get
it on we'll get a lot well we're gonna
work a little more then a slow start
this is this is the song of your
childhood you thought you were cool or
what is the like motivated them stuck
this on ice business warm awfully one
shot one opportunity he's everything you
ever won it on the sweaty knees weak
arms are heavy vomit on our sweater
already mom's spaghetti he's nervous but
on 32 calm and ready to drop bombs but
he keeps on forgetting what he wrote
down the whole crowd growth the lad
Yeltsin his mouth but the words won't
come back joking now everybody guilty
now the code runner turns up over flash
this baby really obstacle me cut my life
into pieces this is my treat or
complication
arrange a few dogs this hotel a hotel
yeah you want to come to my hotel
just a song what's crazy is he's making
banners now yes Oh
Cirrus whose shuffle again play Hunger
posh and the butter people say I already
was rocky but this song is everything
needs a max engine you looking back
confession part one if you know you know
these am a confession just when I
thought I said I like Sam just gonna set
off the Vig just died they get bigger
time goes out why is there why burn home
it's coming to an end
oh this is really in order that
beginning came on the radio every corner
I just wanted to come in now I don't
burn me save it it's come from heart
there's no charge colors are amazing
substances Darrell I this is Rosa give
me five five five what doesn't that go
shouting a pic we gonna party like
it's your birthday we saw when I said
like play fight my friends I put this in
the background do you Nick cute it was
the thing wasn't it Gina is like g-unit
is like straight oh I mean I guess that
that's two CDs I've got more so if you
guys want me to do more then let me know
because I got to I've got at least two
more to go through but that was really
fun to me
I guess it's so different now because
you guys are like you don't even have to
burn CDs you know this is back in the
day like before iPods or a thing and
when I was like 10 years old making my
CDs that's why I was listening to so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed video if
you did and I see smoke another one I
love you guys
