hello listeners or blow your
expectations could we see any special
guests under your expectations soon as I
know really maybe we got Phil on the
table I'll he's a special guest who'd be
the first guest think Louise would be a
good guest thing should be quite funny
we could get some like glitter on the
table but look what we've done she'll
appreciate that yeah she'll think you're
funny or if you have a joe sugg event I
could have like a straw like hey on the
table you dispatcher yeah then yeah
he'll walk in and go you're funny I like
you if you found out the world's ending
in like six hours and you could only
make one last youtube video what would
you say in it equally your interview if
I six I don't think I'd make a youtube
video who's feeling so I'm going ok now
seeks out or let me Carol Marx's upload
your lives through lots of you that's
why do ya live stream imagine the views
on that but he's on a common pressure
you said earlier that you can do a very
good Donald Trump compression and I oh
yeah I lost on the podcast now I can't
remember not remember what I say well
I'll tow you doing it on newsy you told
me that yeah I know it was but it
doesn't mean i can remember it now ok so
my dog tramp impression is going to be
great it's gonna be fantastic and it's
going to be great this is my donald
trouble it's a bit like Woody Allen as
well but this is my donald trump
impression it's not of a head over that
it's better than I was thinking I'll
give you that so leafyishere yeah was
going to all he said he was going to
quit YouTube for a while just take a
break from it I kind of understand what
you're saying the YouTube algorithm
change so he feels like it's not being
appreciated he started the reason for
leaving because he wasn't getting the
subs in the views I'm going downhill
yeah and my question to you is it's like
if I ever happened like with the
channels would you do similar thing
would you quit it's hard like as a
youtuber you've always thought about ups
and downs and like you have good mum
share bad months but and everyone always
other questions what you're going to do
after what you can do after and I feel
like it's got to a point with me where
I've got so much other stuff that we're
doing that if the channel starts if
people stop watching that we'd be doing
other stuff create
anyway like what we're doing at the
moment like we'd still be doing a
podcast or it'd still be writing stuff
you know other business ventures I feel
I've had a really good run you know I've
been doing youtube for a long time like
seven years as a job three years leafy
with someone who blew up two months like
huge and then dropped off so because
I've been doing it for years and years
now I've kind of it would be really
upsetting but I think I'd also try and
be like wow you know that I had my time
on YouTube I learned so much had so much
fun now this is the next stage of
whatever I'm doing hey well thank you so
much for listening and as always please
make sure you guys are subscribed
because if you subscribe the episodes
when they're released will go straight
to your phone or listening device go it
with your friends give it five stars
leave nice comments thanks for this name
see you guys next week see you later
guys bye goodbye
