hello hello we live but we live in the
building
oh we love think we live yeah I can see
some comments hello hello hello hi hi hi
hi welcome everybody was wait for you to
come and tune in and hang out basically
so yeah I wanna hang out of you guys in
chat view and yeah let's chat basically
I'm really chilled right now so if you
guys have questions if we go on random
topics and talk I want to do that and
I'll try not to your questions over here
but yeah I just gonna hang out with you
guys in chat I didn't know what school
this livestream I'll fight let's chat
because let's let's chat about stuff I
don't have anyone with me so I don't
have entertainment so it's just just me
hanging out of you guys so yeah I'm
currently in Berlin I'm about to go so
Stephie is walking the show today for
Maybelline she's opening the show like
it's crazy so I'm gonna go and I'm
watching from row so I'm going to leave
for that in a bit already got an outfit
on yeah but I had some time I've been
doing those emails and and then I was
like oh cause some time so let's the
livestream so yeah let's chat oh yeah I
can tell you about crazy experience in
the day of when I walked the runway for
DNG absolutely in sane yeah you guys
have might have seen but I yeah
walked the runway in Milan for Dolce &
Gabbana
days ago and it was I think that is
probably the craziest thing I can say
I've ever done because of YouTube
because of you know because of you
people have watched my videos I think
that is literally like the craziest
thing I've ever done and probably the
coolest thing I've ever done I think in
the future when I have kids and stuff
I'm like yeah I walked for Dolce and
Gabanna in that the whole thing was
mental that how it happened the the for
the Veronica events at Monday and just
an insight into that while it was kind
of crazy so yeah do you want to dye your
hair any other colors gray right now as
you can see I'm really liking at this
color I had it was like platinum long
for so long but this is a nice kind of
switch up what crazy I'm maybe next time
what we might do is do like some green
but maybe like an icy green like lime
cream just a little shade of green and
let the roots grow I think that's gonna
look pretty fire but yeah so yeah to be
honest it's just being crazy like
recently apparently it sounds not good
I've seen a few the sounds horrible you
sound like a fan um hello hello is the
sound any better
yeah are you high no twice it does the
sound does the sound sound bad sound is
bad sounds better
well I'm just gonna talk and yeah
hopefully it will get better it's the
only thing we're doing these is it's
like I don't know how it sounds and
looks I just have to base it off of your
comments which is one minutes bad next
it's some bad sound okay John I'm gonna
try I don't know if this is gonna work
let me just try if I turn the Wi-Fi off
I'm I'm not going anywhere ballet but
I'm gonna turn my life off and hopefully
reconnect through my stay here I haven't
gone anywhere tell me if this sounds any
better because now I've switched off
Wi-Fi and I'm on 4G so hopefully it's a
little bit better but why not be know
people are like know you've gone no no
no I'm still here I'm here
ah do you know okay I literally I'm just
gonna give up with the sound because the
thing is I just end up getting really
stressed doing these because it's like
oh the sound isn't working then I spent
like ten minutes trying to sort things
out so I'm just gonna talk let's ignore
let's ignore the quality let's ignore
the sound let's hang out and answer some
of your questions yeah does that sound
good because otherwise it's just
constant back and forth with you you
guys like oh it's lugging Oh sounds bad
oh and then I'm like oh is it bad now
yeah the Okoye just goes back and forth
so yeah as I was about to say it's kind
of being a bit mental recently with
travelling I literally had thought I
haven't been in London for more than one
week a time which is like really cool
but it's also like wow this is so crazy
travelling and sounds really stupid but
travelling a lot like it the actual
traveling at the day of traveling is
really exhausting in terms of usually
you have to wake up super early
you're constantly living out the case
like you always have to make sure your
clothes are washed I mean this is a
massive first of all problem don't get
me wrong
but yeah sometimes you don't realize how
knackering is but yeah just thought I'd
tell ya um and more traveling so I'm
coming back to London I'm back for
literally a few days and then I'm going
to Africa I'm going with Jim and
what's happened now yeah I'm going with
Jim and we are going to Sierra Leone so
that's gonna be an incredible experience
it's with comic relief and I don't know
if I it's not like I'm excited to go but
I'm kind of like excited in an
apprehensive manner but yeah and yeah
did I meet Cameron Dallas yes I didn't
mean Cameron dalas at the DNG show of
course we spoke loads it was funny like
he came up to me we're introducing
everyone was out introducing themselves
I was like I hear Marcus and he was like
oh Marcus Butler yeah yeah like I used
to love your videos but well cool man
and then um yeah we just I know Chad
dance a bit so yeah that was a
interesting
da-da-da-dah
so when I go silent that's not me just
like staring at the screen it's me
waiting to like read what you're saying
out there so yeah when I'm I'm always
saying it's what I'm staring at screen
I'm like oh what's what you guys saying
have you met corner may nod die eyebrows
no no thank you
I don't want to touch my eyebrows I'm
bushi with funny eyebrows so yeah 2017
woo how do we all feel about that loads
of you at saying release the hounds yeah
you might have seen a pretty awesome
angle but they all my live streams I end
up just having like major double chin
that's because to be quite honest I
could hold the camera up like this oh
yeah look how much better that is but
it's a lot more effort from my hand and
this is this is casual you and me you
know it's as if all of you were sat
right here like your face is looking up
at mine I was behind me a wall and a
sofa I'm in a kitchen I've also got the
door open because I was like getting
ready in a stress I was like she put
them out for this show and then I was
like oh man I'm really hot and I'm gonna
do a live stream and my face is gonna go
red and you're gonna go to show red face
so alas we're sing it's snowing as well
by the way it's snowed in Berlin but I'm
gonna I was about to try and move I'm
gonna unplug my phone just cuz I'm gonna
close the door now it's a little bit
chilly
yeah so back to chatting
can you show snow no because I'm in a
flapped and there's not anything near me
that's got snow on it excuse me so yeah
if you have a question leave your
question here how many episodes you're
gonna give your podcast I don't know to
be honest I'm just kind of going with in
seeing seeing how it goes seeing what
flows well seeing if you guys like it
yeah if you're watching now and you
don't know what I'm talking about I have
a podcast
it's called lower your expectations yeah
go download it listen to it's free
subscribe and then you'll get in your
episode it comes out every single Monday
so yeah can you do something crazy
oh no how is Berlin different to the UK
okay was it's a city in Germany for
starters ha ha good one Marcus no to be
honest
Berlin's really really really cool
there's a lot of art here a lot of art
and a lot of music lots like graffiti
art and also the thing with Berlin is
where is London or England I feel like
you can you can look at a place from the
outside oh that building looks cool or
that looks like a nice restaurant in
Berlin everything if you're looking at
it on the street is very say me and you
kind of have to know where to go to go
somewhere cool I kind of like that with
Berlin and also they have really good
fashion there
everyone that wears their fur day I've
so as I mentioned that beginning of the
show at the end of the live show she is
doing a fashion show she's walking
catwalk from a Berlin today ever so
she's been she's doing rehearsals there
all day I was with her but then yeah
she's walking the shows tonight so then
that's I'm gonna go and watch that
comments well you vlog in Africa I will
vlog I'm making a video so one of the
ideas that I'm actually doing is I'm
gonna do a day in the life of a kid who
works in the slums over there so yeah I
don't want to give too much away but
that's what I'm planning to film and yet
hopefully it's some good powerful stuff
that I can show if you guys please wrap
drink some water okay thank you thank
you for keeping me hydrated
make sure you drink water any advice on
moving house
depends you moving into your first house
where you're moving family house if
you're moving family house you don't
have to worry about a lot obviously
you're gonna miss your I missed my
childhood homes but think of the good
stuff you've always got them in your
memories and think of you your great
memories you had then in your next house
you'll make better memories if you're
moving on your own into your first place
are you going to uni or something like
this um again try and be excited for it
cuz it's like the first time you're ever
going into your own house and it's
really exciting like thinking well
furniture you can buy and how you can
make the house yours because when you're
in a family house your whole life it's
like you have your room yeah imagine and
sometimes you can get like excited I can
change my room imagine you got that with
your whole house yeah like you can do
you can do whatever you want be whole
house that's cool I just saw some of the
anymore anymore fashion shows for me in
terms of walk-in I have no idea like
what dolce gabbana did I'm I'm not a
model like I'm not trying to become a
model especially not a runway model a
you could I'm not a runway model my
might all of the runway models their
faces are like I don't have that face
but what DNG is doing is super super
cool because with all of their campaigns
and marketing of the brand they are
using a whole variety of people they're
using models they're using social media
stars and Millennials in a new way to
kind of freshen up the brand and I think
it's really awesome and I think we're
gonna see more brands doing this in the
future
eat fulness but eat a spoonful of
cinnamon babe yeah yeah all right
DAP you guys and Blumen Dabin do you
know the Dolan twins I do I don't know
in person when I met them but I know who
they are
Ethan and James no no Jamie Ethan and
Nathan Nathan and something
snapchat name is my name Marcus Butler
if you want to follow me I'm hilarious
honestly and very very funny Oh Grayson
yet Grayson yeah nearly
Dubai I've seen those people saying
where is my divide video so I was
planning to upload my Dubai video
yesterday because it's ready but oh I
could give you guys a little sneak
preview good night I give you a little
sneak preview that'd be quite cool I was
trying to upload it yesterday but I'm
waiting for song clearance now the guy
who's made the song said I can use it
but yes to get the clearance from the
label and nothing's really happen with
that yet so it's like her cool thanks
like do you wanna hurry this up but
luckily I had this video film with
Louise the other day which was gonna go
up the next week anyway so first I'm
gonna show you literally like a little
little little opening of the video yeah
okay so I'm gonna flip the camera here
we go
there you go that's what you're getting
off the video sores but it's gonna be
coming out very soon and I'm very very
happy of that very happy
oh and now my laptop's just quit yeah if
you if you want to watch this cat we'll
catch you can from the other day it was
you just go on YouTube go on doctor &
Gabbana's channel and you'll see it on
there if you go comment Marcus is the
best just for lulz you don't have to do
that but if you do go and watch it just
comment laughs it's the best
so yeah anyway that video is coming soon
and I've spend honestly probably 30 plus
hours editing it coloring it blah blah
blah blah so I hope you guys gonna like
it and then I wanted to ask you about my
new video posted yesterday with Louise
and what your thoughts were like the
comments have been so so good bye
it's probably being one of my best
received videos in terms of everything
like I don't know I've wanted to meet
stuff like this for a while and also
it's like proper writing so it's like an
actual script the idea came up like yeah
and then it's also a chance to try
properly acting because in my videos
it's like yeah I've done a little bit
back to your moment but this is that
proper acting so yeah it gave me a
chance to try this as well and it's an
idea that came up with to be able to
format in the sense that can make it
with other youtubers and then
essentially could be anyone could get
like celebrities in it or other people
so yeah I wanted to know what you guys
think
you wot mate great vid bro thank you
bottle flip do you know Jay Paul no and
I'm he's local Paul's brother I know
that I don't know him how do I have a
healthy diet like you that's a big
that's a big question to go into just
eat good food basically it's such a
thought about loads before if you're
really interested it's in my book like
I've wrote loads about it in my book
that's honestly probably the best place
to find information from me but yeah
it's all about switching foods in your
diet he gets is dear me
gets Z good danke there you go VidCon
bro bro you go VidCon yes I think I'm
going to VidCon
 I walk on water
so I have again but I haven't gone
silent I'm just waiting for you to read
your your questions yeah so we're just
like drama school question marks no I
didn't goes drama school but yeah I want
to want to do acting am I going to Egypt
no I'm not going to Egypt
do I like Shawn Mendes yes I do
like she'll mend there's a lot things
second albums brilliant and when I saw
him live he was he was amazing
oh yeah so you might have see it I don't
if you have I did I started musically
yeah have a profile on musically I think
it's called the Marcus Butler literally
like as a joke account like I'm not I'm
not like yeah I'm gonna be like all
music Lou artists mate and start like or
biting my lip but it's quite funny so a
check them out I'd quite like to know
how much battery I have on my phone but
to be honest don't think there's a way
of me finding that help me so I'm just
gonna plug me in don't know if that
worked I love your top thank you it's
really really really cool jumper I got
it today because I want to show you guys
the side and so it's like got a slit
yeah I'm not this isn't me just showing
you my bum by the way honest and then
the back is got a little tail so yeah
yeah yeah
say hi to Israel hello Israel
if I could walk on water ever thought
about coming to Denmark yes I have I
have never been to Denmark but I really
really really want to come you're like
all the comments are always so cute like
are you coming here hey you come here
when are you coming here it's like I
don't know I always find it really cute
when you guys like ask those questions
where's your favorite place to eat in
London or favorite place to eat in
London that's a really hard question
I've got a few I'm gonna list any of you
a few okay good life eatery and Chelsea
excuse me
jusu brothers in Notting Hill rum
kitchen which is there's a few across
London and a place called the natural
kitchen which is more central London
they're like they're all super like all
those places said like healthy other in
the wrong kitchen they're like healthy
but they're really good to go are you
annoying I don't think so I hope not you
tell me am i annoying
but it's really cool because I've got
how many so I filmed that video with
Louise the other day the ones that you
guys saw the sketch but then I also
filmed with like a normal collab with
her like would you rather which is
really funny as well so that will go up
in like a few weeks I've got the debye
video I've got a snapchat video that
I've been telling you about which I'm
still editing so yeah there's a lot of
videos coming up which is good your
German is funny Thanks
do you love unicorn
sometimes like got to go back a welcome
model in question are no we've gone to
3G no 4G come back 4G okay we're back on
4G yeah
yeah good do you watch basketball do you
know what I used to watch a lot of
basketball because I'm fan of basketball
blah blah blah blah but I don't really
have much saying this season to be
honest
what's cool with these livestreams oh I
know it's lagging and stuff like that
but what's cool with these livestreams
is right now why don't you just hang out
in a living room oh my I don't have any
I'm just chatting and it feels like we
could that you could be here hanging out
with me
you know today I'm now just worried
because I'm watching because I think the
legs bad but I don't know
if I could walk on water one put the
Wi-Fi back on but connection today we'll
see I've gone back onto Wi-Fi I don't
know if that's gonna be better or worse
but yeah I also I need to go soon cuz
the show starts in an hour and a half
yeah show starts in an hour and a half
and just like that
it decided to kick me off and then
everyone's like oh you've gone you've
gone it stopped is come back don't worry
I'm still yeah as I was saying I need to
go soon it the show is in an hour and a
half and takes my coffee yet there
if he sees dab-dab actually you know
what I should probably go now because
like I said it takes off now we've been
check for half an hour it's been fun
thank you for coming it means super
chill day we'll be back with another one
very soon don't you worry about that but
yes I could come in and go check out the
main Channel video haven't seen it yet
we're in New Moon watch video tomorrow
and yet downloaded podcast listen to
that that's about it thank you the video
thumbs up go check the door chain go on
a fashion show if you want and I love
you guys thanks very much and I will
catch very soon goodbye
