hello beautiful sexy people I feel
because when we film at night I feel
pale no they're all like I'm just a
white boy I'm a white boy obviously
black you're like a very pale white boy
I went home the other day and my parents
are moving so we're like going through
some wild stuff and I came across one my
mom came across this
this is Marcus Butler our year 9 I
literally haven't looked at this yet
because I thought it would be funny to
look through it I hope man who is
looking stuff in because not just make a
bit of an all good video but I thought
it'd be funny to look through this
because I'm are always with
are and this is the final year you have
to do at school before you could drop it
yeah I don't there's nothing else to say
other than this jump into a prep record
mark 3 3 3 4 3 3 4 3 4 4 well done this
with mechanics I don't on that foot prep
is a very posh word of saying homework
right at the beginning I've got some
buildings so there's some color sketches
just testing out the color
let's have a look first page Paschal a
part a packet of love heart that is so
so like so there we go we work
with horrible lighting but I don't care
make sense Oh what am i doing right that
is an eye or you can clearly see how try
to draw an iPod but I just can't really
do it and pray David all that way even
is Craig David all the way very very bad
ah this is where we had to cut pictures
out so another written description next
that very sad may be homeless
close up picture mum looks more
important than dad big family may be
homeless a big gang angry shadow angry
shadows almond or you can tell I wasn't
very good with words in India 9 and then
I've caught some bridges those been
colorful Argus or something what is it
is this a woman oh yeah check out my
sofa and then after our what is this a
Playstation a football a snooker table
no idea the role of an artist changed
the nineteenth because
more people got more jobs and more money
so they built factories it's very simple
in a nine I can't draw that's clearly
meant to be a boat that Lazar is a hand
just in the envy casual and here we have
a timeline or we go this is Highline of
my my life so starts up here 1991 born
got my toy car my birthday 92 my first
birthday party
93 learn to swim without armbands went
to London first went to London went to
play group went to Turkey went to Malta
96 caught my first cat Disneyland went
biz need and Paris with my friends did I
think of my friends living my family
well five years old trip to Disney with
my friends started playing basketball 97
went skiing in Switzerland 98 went to
see snap Paris went to thought Paul 2001
the Twin Towers 2002 went to New Yorker
went to Greece ski trip got into
Brighton Bears that got married 2004 the
tsunami I can't start an army because of
slow es un ami max and Mia's party went
on 14 floors on a cruise England won the
ashes then a random page of a few
pictures of me is baby again not really
sure how and why styles change
celebrities technology trade time
availability money age cost yeah that's
Marcus Bartlett's 2009 I'm sorry right
I've been asked to describe these
pictures which were obviously handouts
often are how the are you meant to
describe this picture looks awful is you
can't bloody see any detail and I've
written a sliders bracelet in with the
fashion a certain jewelry around wanting
to sell these bracelets this person is
trying to sell the jewelry her hand has
been put into a certain position
with I don't all that is shocking
that's why I've got a random leg William
Morris this work or by William Moore it
is very detailed and colorful and
flowery we don't get myself those
colorful but I just can't draw spring I
am too soft of part I am I am too soft a
heart of heart much to speak here eyes
apart ask the summer tide to prove the
abundance of love can deep like a boy
getting his basketball in here this is a
picture of shoe which is the latest
Michael Jordan basketball shoes this is
a new basketball which is the latest one
out this is a modern picture of a
Lamborghini murci√©lago this is a 1980
Prada bag made in America I was really
hot bags oh I just can't draw this is
honestly just horrendous I feel so sick
showing you this this is a Prada bag
with an Indian dress pattern look at
that you know what yeah I vividly
remember drawing the shoe and I was
honestly so proud of myself
remember when I finished I was like yeah
this is amazing what those are music on
hands on my favorite music at this stage
jay-z DMX Busta Rhymes to party I Ching
Coolio ja Rule yin-yang this is when I
limp remind like chubby gangster stage
I'm dr. dre Sean Paul Missy Elliott
Young Buck pdd-nos
I mean literary or hip hop 50 cent jay-z
safely contained
oh my god for one city look at it but I
see my name in graffiti and basically
this is the plan okay I was going to
sketch out this wall and then through
the middle you can see city like through
the wall that will with a nice odor RT
yeah that the end result is I use color
hostels and it it looks bit of
like oh yeah that's a wall what the
is that that it's not 50 oh this you
know I'm glad creativity spans more
than drawing because there we go is
another wall on the next page of that
Center wise into Wharton's but two walls
with barbed wire on don't know why ones
multicolored maybe I was like oh god I
think the next is self-portrait eyes
self-portrait Oh Lu nothing like me
everything I bro haha buses and it's
Charlie from budgeted pug say please
begin
yes close the end there we have my year
nine art book if you guys would like to
see more things from my like school
years more like not necessarily art like
any subject my mom has all this stuff so
first one is just if you guys liked it
and if you liked it then we can do more
so give the video a thumbs up let me
know if you want to see more other than
that I will see you tomorrow with
another video all right
