hey yo yo y'all beautiful safe people
welcome back to where I look at
youtubers instagrams and not not just
assess them look how they're doing on
Instagram but taste piss out them if
they post community photos first person
with a live load is Logan Paul who eight
point three million followers so a lot
of people his pictures seem to be joke
yeah Logan Paul and Jake cool cool he's
very athletic
good old Logan as me nicely the split
support are to be fair this video was
fire but how can you how can you do that
not only is the flexibility impressive
looks quite dangerous but well if he's a
little and just falls back
same here I'm just hanging up the side
of the pitch would fake I know it's not
sure what she's blog about that is that
turtle he's in pretty good shape as me
well in pretty good shape
pretty good shape as me like you've
mixed it a lot of the time looking at
speedy you can top this he's top was
very often this is two years ago he
looks 10 years older doesn't he looks
homeless as well he looks like he's
starring in the new cast away okay just
trying us out there Logan I think you
look really cool like that oh your hair
up and a beard this is how I remember
him looking from vine sorry the dog
laughing Oh first picture super vine
cool that when he's doing a meet-up some
next person we've got is good I would
fill we did Dan last video and all of
you like do you feel grateful oh look at
those blue eyes solid selfie having a
friend must didn't escape I'm reading
before it takes ages to load the flippin
picture him and Dan we won 3-1 so that's
crazy
lots of pictures of damage me but I
guess is Dan and Phil and how do i funny
picture of that Phil and also getting
chlamydia from the Koala it's confused
follow like fun if you guys a real tiger
and I was so close to being
especially Thank You boys the
festivities oh my gosh a year ago Wow
Phil doesn't posar what the hell is that
damn bought me a new pet for Christmas a
plushy blobfish I don't know what that
is but I want it it was look lady bad
very easily when I get in that pool
sunshine sing Phil also we could look
really cool with a not fringe of quick
you know pushed up bill has not posed
this is Phil's first picture it is a
violation of Florida law to feed or her
height that's when borders were a thing
as well
whacking that border on crab sticks oh
my god and the last person is Liza to
Joe I like didn't realize how big Liza
was I found David's vlogs David over at
our boyfriend's vlogs in the last few
months I think they're great
I don't realize how huge this go and I
mean she's tiny but I think know how
future following is it's insane and like
her fans and instagramers Instagram
isn't hooked like 1.2 million like that
is in saying like literally insane her
fever looks amazing doesn't it 900
k-lite give me 900 k lights on Instagram
very cool pictures when did this theme
stock because it's kind of amazing uh
her and David oh it shouldn't really
have a theme here oh that's quite cute
that's quite you five million views oh
we had a bit of a scene going on here
there's a galaxy team little bit it's
the fade scene or she has gone through
the things and I liked them oh we got
vivid blue scene crazy her and jenna
Marbles
that's Mentos and now she's got huge oh
and bought a theme well there we go that
was reacting to youtubers Instagram
number three of course we're making a
series so let me know who we should look
at next time with your comments down
below
other than that give you that thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow is another one
Lovejoy
