yo hello beautiful sexy people welcome
to a vlog a video log yeah from my hip
tidy hotel room haha you must be kidding
aren't you
so as some of you know I'm currently in
New York here for New York Fashion Week
which is very exciting to be part of
like I've never properly done New York
Fashion Week his first time this first
night I probably done a Fashion Week
I've been to many other fashion weeks
before I've been to Paris I've been to
Milan but I'm not doing New York Fashion
Week and I'm like hey I'm doing New York
Fashion Week like everyone that doing it
you know kind of making fun of people
who are doing it but I was like born and
rather than sitting so I get up and
stuff I was like you know what I kind of
fancy doing a vlog and showing you guys
some stuff that I travel with especially
like fashion clothing sort of stuff and
just general bits and bobs around the
room really because I'm bored basically
Steffi has gone to a dinner and event
tonight
I'm not going to film videos but I was
lying there and I was like you know what
not in the mood not in the zone I'm not
so nearly in the mood to film a video so
said I'm doing a vlog ok where do I
begin with my lovely clean room honestly
just let's start with hair bands lots of
them they don't mind obviously now my
hair short let's hope his protein bars
and everything's mirrored I think I
might start turning the camera grenade
protein bars these are literally the
bomb got 23 grams protein 1/2 grams
sugars and they're just great for
traveling with and eating off your
workout let's start with my shoes first
up we got the Nike Air Force Ones I pick
these up the other day
they are absolutely banging I think
Jenni matching they're super cool over
here we've got the zebras or the zebras
that Haman announced them these are kind
of what I'm wearing in the gym at the
moment slash just super comfortable kind
of a classic nmd
here we've got the absolute babes these
shoes probably get the most amount of
attention out of any shoe when I wear
them people just kind of really dig them
and there was I
these are the babies they are pitch
black nmds you know the absolute bosses
hunt warn them yeah next we've got these
absolute beauty of a boot from Calvin
Klein look at that from 205 and
everyone's got CK on they gifted them to
me when I came out here so thank you
very much for that guy's got some
dodging your barn shoes man want ones I
got the night paper Max's with me I've
also got another pair there those are my
shoes
yeah there's a lot of shoes but except
Fashion Week so funny because it's
basically like you go to shows you go to
parties and it's all about how cool is
everyone who's got to see everyone I'm
out here just like trying to enjoy it I
enjoy the clothes and fashion side of it
I really enjoy that kind of
experimenting stuff but yeah everyone is
so like interested in seeing the next
best person so everyone's like they're
looking around like oh oh my god
that's this celebrity I know and then
either say hello to someone and then the
next person they see is on the other
side of room so stop what they're doing
right there and then run over to the
other side of the room right oh it's
just really funny to kind of be in
amongst that and watching that this is
what I'm wearing today by the way I say
today I think I'm going to something
later but I couldn't be bothered to do
anything so I got off white trousers on
wrong I need a socks at the moment I'm
wearing the circular long sleek black
top to my look right now I'm two
suitcases ooh say you all ready for the
most beautiful view in the world
Wow look at that you of nothing oh there
we got that yeah that is that is the
view literally it's so dark in this
suitcase which hasn't been unpacked yes
don't know again I think this is okay I
can like show stuff here I literally
have no idea to see van interesting I
just snapped out about n people tweet me
like yeah do it it's interesting right
can we talk about this leather jacket
okay love a leather jacket right and I
pick this up so this is second-hand
there was only one piece in a random
store in LA and this young artist had
designed it okay so it's an old leather
jacket real leather and then we got
stars down the side and at the back it
says nasty girl is this super cool nice
- yeah oh that's his party last night
the only thing is right because it's
really oh they like smells like a stale
old tempt if you know what that smell is
if you've ever done camping you know
what I mean
basically it just smells really bad and
I took it off at the party and was like
oh I smell interesting we're gonna
improve jackets my target for the rest
next I bought with me is this denim
jacket this is my off white denim jacket
I am a big off-white fan I have been for
a long time as some of you may know if
you follow my Instagram because that's
where I usually do fashion fashionista
yes the super cool it's like oversized
and it's like easy to pair up with
anything definitely always this a lot
this thing like she can wear a lot of my
clothes like there's some some my
t-shirts and to be honest she looks
better than I do in it haha I was like
this is Sante because I have all these
clothes that you can wear it but I can't
wear your clothes so what's up with them
you know I might do to make this a bit
nice this is the light I got the other
day you can watch the video I was saying
how much I traveled so I bought this
light because like I said I travel you
ready three two one wow that looks
horrific yeah I'm basically blinded from
this light right now next jacket this I
bought this in the sale a few months ago
this is a bomber bunker on with a bomber
All Saints the kind of this material
don't you know what material is but this
kind of goes of anything so you can rock
this with jeans you can rock I can
literally even to be honest what the
track is and actually that's kind of
cool but just just to show you how it
looks
yeah I haven't worn that yes but I'm
here for like five more days so could
wear that then got this super cool all
black hoodie from Calvin Klein the other
day gifts it to me for the show so I
went to the show which was awesome and
the after-party and what they've done is
got these really subtle orange tabs on
the back with a model comment a name
sorry she's like from the Yankees if you
follow me on instagram you would have
seen me post pictures with this this
jumper super cool holes
it's kind of messed up and it doesn't
have a brand the same shop I got the
leather jacket from I picked this up and
I just thought it was so awesome and
unique I'd never seen anything like it
and I hadn't worn it at all because I
didn't know what to wear it for until
Fashion Week so next jump up caught
again haven't worn it yet I'm going to
wear at some point this is a pullover by
Liam Hodges really really really cool
Brown reason why it's cool it is one arm
super long the other is short and it got
kind of cut off but it doesn't go of
what I'm wearing
so one side is kind of long the other
side to cut out yeah this is a normal
length sleeve this is super long if you
want oh it would look dope with nothing
on underneath there and a cool pair
jeans do more jackets
you guys probably see me wearing some
Lots cuz it's Black Swan my favorite
hoodies again the brand is her cooler as
the from back it's really cool and
sleeves I was so nice as wearing this
one I went to the gym this morning and
we were walking on the road walk past an
old woman honestly she has to be like 80
and she literally was like she's insane
you just like your jacket and maybe just
her I was like I'm kind of lucky because
of who sent me all their new stuff and
it's one of the favorite Brian sir well
my other favorite brands there's kind of
getting big right now if you didn't know
about my fashion or where I'm very into
my freak way from urban as a brand
called hair and Preston use it there
this hoodie is a very cool pattern and
it's Russian there's but Russian think
that says style or steal steal in Russia
a super cool brand right now hair and
Preston I've got a t-shirt from them
which I'll show you
many of those from them I'm not going to
show you myself don't worry I'm not that
sad so show you Stephie sunglasses I've
never known a person to have more
sunglasses or more cooler sunglasses I
would never wear any for sunglasses
because I have a very strange large face
that is very hard to find glasses for
she can put anything on it's fine she
has like I haven't even got through half
of them yeah t-shirt so this which is
versus Versace and the Zayn
collaboration got that sent to me of
spies ain't by Zayn personally because
Zayn is a big fan of me but yeah it's a
first Sarge he's like doing really cool
stuff right now and yeah they sent me a
bunch more stuff so thank you in terms
of classic tees you can never go wrong
with All Saints all sensors know what my
brands that I just have a lot of go twos
from because the quality that stuff's
great
I don't really have that many this is a
t-shirt I went sometimes from a brand
called Magic Stick and Damon it's a bit
unique cut it's not too long but it's
got very long arms and fan on that this
is a Haku that I wore last night hoping
maybe one of them will come to the party
that was out but I didn't see him there
so it says again it's backwards but it
says don't trip Kate Cara and they're
under lights written out and then
Kendall let's go party with that Topshop
fashion eh what's the reason behind that
also this angle probably not very
flattering but I don't care what it
looks like my head isn't to see now
anyway this is the other t-shirt from
her impression I was talking about very
very cool design with the birds very
oversized and more Russian bomb man oh
my god you're so fashionable
t-shirt from off-white not real I like
it because it's kind of got fairy she's
a little bit naked huh don't age
restrict me seeing things is their
slogan white course singing back you
also know I wear a lot a lot of black
black is my color so deal with it I'm
not going to show you all my t-shirts
because the rest is just like stand out
on to my boxers I'm joking pants not
pants underwear woo boxers why the
British people couldn't pop Taylor's
weird I could show you my pants though
you know because we're American and with
we all say like pants so yeah I've got
these pants and they're from cooler I'm
just gonna speak in American accent for
a bit you know what I've been told to
practice American accent for all the
acting stuff like I need to have that
unlock I don't have a unlock right now
but like yeah just just like do it just
speak yet it was like right but what if
you can't - every now and again I'm very
same hey my name is Marcus if any of
your Americans out there watching this
video maybe you can give me some tips
because it's quite hard
I find what's really hard to say like
why what what what what what are you
doing
where do man anyway these are my pants
from kula cowlick
cross between track pants and jeans it
got a pretty cool pet patent how on
earth do you say patent in American
we got pre cool pet Petter pattern
pattern pattern pattern on them and also
got long dross
long draw strings other pair of pants
trousers this is like a stretchy Jean
it's kind of a loose material they're
kind of a bit baggy but on the back oh
yeah baby
these are off-white and they are my new
favorite thing because they're just
awesome and the stitching on the back
it's very unique I've got some Levi's in
there I've got the smart prep AllSaints
trousers that kind of just plain so
nothing too much to show you that also
I've got obviously a load of workout
gear because I work out pretty much
every day so yeah but that all these
washed this is my washing pile full of
smelly clothes that well hasn't been
washed and then in terms of rucksacks
this is a backpack this is camo style
this is sound raw my absolute favorite
everyday bag very great I love the I
love the brand it's a beautiful
beautiful brand and I have got all my
camera stuff in there but all this stuff
I need to bring my also got this super
cool backpack from Calvin Klein again
they gave me
so here's orange tab and from the why I
love with this is the zippers look at
this it's good it's a lot how nice that
is
that's it from there and then in here
out there sides a little key so don't
try mocking basically cuz I'll fight you
got one cap with me LM DN kat bunch of
socks
probably on train my socks I've got long
socks and short spots of white hair
impress those and d-squared saw adidas
of course but yeah that is kind of bit
of a hotel traveling fashion wardrobe
equipment video tour your oh as you
know that's why I should show you my
jewelry showing out before so yeah I
hope you enjoyed this maybe it's not of
interest to some of you maybe is of
interest a lot of you so I'll see what
you guys think in the comments if you
want me to do more then I will do more
in the future
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video be sure to give a thumbs up if you
did and subscribe can you and I'll see
you guys tomorrow with another video
