hello everybody and welcome back to
lower your expectations we're both
wearing 2017 glasses aren't we you know
in the end yeah and I've just done a
party popper hang on I'll do some
fireworks yeah have you been on Alfie's
Twitter recently he's not been uploading
I see he's just a bit under the weather
portal when alphas ill he lets everyone
know he's ill I just want to read the
start of his tweets I've never felt this
ill in my life can we get a counter on
this as well I'm not going to be able to
edit today or vlog so you'll get today's
video I hope you understand I'm still in
bed I didn't even drink yesterday as
with all my family relaxing as soon as
it hit embossed well I went to bed ill
my entire body aches and hurts literary
moving hurts I also have a headache that
feels like someone's kicking my head
okay I was awake the entire night ill
haven't drank or eaten in 24 hours sadly
there'll be another day with no new vlog
do you think he feels a bit sorry for
himself I'm not sure if he does what a
start to 2017 hey being constantly sick
and at least eight days off flogging
Zoey and mum are at a pharmacy getting
new medications so hopefully I'll start
feeling a little bit better today stash
tomorrow I'm feeling a little bit better
today just eaten a tiny bit of food for
the first time since New Year's Eve I've
woken up feeling quite a bit better
today just need to get my energy back up
to normal as I've eaten one meal in two
days I just don't want to try and vlog
and drain myself even more than I
currently am hopefully by tomorrow I'll
be all good I think we need to set up a
hashtag like save about that the funny
thing was I just rinsed him I just
tweeted him yesterday I was like are you
ill he actually likes to tweet and he
hasn't tweeted since in 24 hours so
maybe should do a poll saying do you
think he'll fit I hope you don't well
Alf
so if you listeners haven't seen it you
probably will have is mr. gear or mr.
gear is a big channel and he got a knife
and got fire on the knife got the knife
to a thousand degrees and then filmed
himself cutting through things like a
bottle of coke can't be good for the
night if if you pay it to a thousand
degrees also that's an approximation
asking it sounds who's nothing thousands
I got ya
2,000 degrees they don't have a
thermometer that do they it's not like
chemistry is it vomit some burner out
maybe you should make a prediction for
what what's the biggest trend this year
gonna be because some questions and from
what you answer will make up the the
biggest trend of 2017 okay and we're
gonna do it on more markets pick a
number between 1 and 5 3 pick a letter
between a and E B for Butler Dan or Phil
dan red or blue blue oh you've got a
breathtaking cucumber challenge gone
sexual cucumber and gone sexual you know
in my imagination I can picture
something sexual no breathtaking you're
sticking the cucumber in your mouth
taking away your breath so choking on
the deep throating a cucumber is this co
a gang of course as always I would love
love love if this is the first time you
listen to it to go and subscribe and
also to give us a five-star review and
even reading your comments on the
reviews we were literally reading them
today and saying how nice they were so
thank you so much for that goodbye see
you later
