yo beautiful sexy people look I'm so
dark in here looks like you can't even
seeing behind me
Connor gasps turn lights on so we're
just gonna go there twenty three
youtubers who almost died but live to
tell the tale you guys probably know a
lot of time youtubers exaggerate things
I mean you get it on titles you get it
in tweets in everything and this is
gonna take me to show you an example of
I think a scenario like a normal
scenario and then how a youtuber sees
that scenario yeah kind of makes sense
first one Starbucks employee I forgot
your straw oh my god give me one sec
youtuber story time my Starbucks barista
had Alzheimer's I think that's quite
funny number two
spider on the floor youtuber my home was
invaded Chipotle employee puts cheese on
vegan burrito bowl youtuber Chipotle
employee tried to poison me yeah I can
imagine that youtuber stubs toe youtuber
in story time my foot got amputated
three question marks exclamation mark
exclamation huh
you always know if there's a title with
a question mark like quitting YouTube
question mark they're not doing it so
don't if you're thinking huh are they
they're not just saving you some time
there if there's not a question mark
they're either being very cheeky or
there's some serious shit going down
colleague do you want to come for drinks
off the work youtuber my stalker
coworker in story time so judge a gal I
think you guys get it but it's like if
this youtuber was having a story time
like sharing their stories uber driver
hi is your name
youtubers next video uber driver tried
to steal my identity story time that's
quite funny accidentally bumps into
someone in the hallway youtuber story
time the time I was assaulted and almost
viciously murdered pregnant lady bumps
into shoulder pardon me
youtuber story time his baby mother
wanted to fight me question my isolation
that's funny mum laughing cuz all of
these are like believable like I can
imagine the daily vloggers titling their
videos of these doctor how have you been
youtuber hit on by my doctor reading
this amazing actually wanted a story
time video cuz I've got some funny
stories to tell you guys uber takes from
turn YouTube Hoover driver kidnaps me
that's my favorite one so far
school bell rings teacher wait I want to
finish this explanation just five
minutes Yugi I was Howard hostage I
shall die bearded heart friend I went on
vacation to Mexico it was fun I got
bitten by mosquitoes though youtuber my
friend gave me the Zika virus
police hey this party a little loud
y'all can y'all keep it down please
youtuber I was arrested and interrogated
by the police
teacher bends over youtuber my teacher
was a porn star
this is a bit stupid but funny landlord
hey rent is due tomorrow will you have
the money humour my land knows not my
landlord is stalking me that should be
landlord threatens to throw me out
that's what I should be plane lands
pilot on loudspeaker sorry folks
doors will be open in ten minutes
youtuber American Airlines kidnapped me
a bit there's a lot kidnapped yeah I
don't know if that made YouTube's a
kidnap do they mailman pets dog youtuber
UPS stole my package and killed my dog
yeah some of those are really funny some
fight money some not funny but I just I
think it's a funny example as it goes to
show how youtubers exaggerate on things
because not even youtubers just media
outlets anything to that needs you you
physically you as a person needs to
engage with you someone is going to try
their hardest to get your attention
focused on whatever is there selling or
providing to gain more viewership or
whatever and that's why obviously people
do it but there's also very funny
moments like some of those examples but
yet nice for real they're all just
scenarios which a lot could be very true
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
give it a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video
goodbye
