hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
video where we are finding out what do
you call people from countries around
the world by is a little bit harder
though rather than you know what do you
call people from France they are French
people I think that's what it means you
know some from the United States of
America is American someone from the UK
is watching British song from Germany is
German yeah you get the point but it's
gonna be a little bit harder than that I
think so here we go what would you call
someone from Brunei we move that Bruni's
on they know they're not there they're
Bruneian would you call someone from El
Salvador Salvadoran or Salvadorian
Salvadorian oh no Salvadoran hey would
you go home from mum you know what's
really bad so many of these places on
here I can't even pronounce would you
call someone from molten Moldova
definitely Moldovian whoo would you
suffer from Nepal Napoleon say no you
don't which is also from a mom
Amani well done whoo Marcus Butler has
got one right one out five from here on
out everything 100%
so I'm from Senegal Senegal II know
Senegalese and Senegal it said
Senegalese Senegalese Senegalese you
know some from motor maltese I know that
I know that oh yeah sorry I've been to
Malta once as I also know there's quite
a lot of people that watch my videos in
Malta so shout out what's up Malta
maybe I'll come and see you soon would
you call someone from chat well you call
them chat I need own home chat iam
Chadian where'd you come from Canada
Canadian or can I mean this it's like
that but that's a bit of a tricky one is
it a try trying to make your solder get
the rants there aren't you would you
call someone from Turkmenistan do you
know where Turkmenistan is
you're uneducated
oh it's obviously tuck no it's totally
not talk ma'am
where'd you come from Sierra Leone
leonie's no Sierra Leonean who would
have known this is so hard it's 50
 50 50 50 yeah I'm getting
everything wrong would you do some
someone from Somalia Somalia would you
who's home from Singapore another
Singaporean whoo what's that three I've
got right three three
where'd you who's someone from Gabon
Gabe on Javanese holy guys can we just
take a moment I've got one that I
guessed right the first one I actually
guessed right which was someone from San
Marino SAS some summer Andes oh oh this
three in a row I'm sorry what who's
someone from you obviously go into more
Tim to Marines thank you
what has been safe would you come from
from Finland I know this finish that's
the coolest one isn't it I think that
sounds cool is you I'm finish not
Finlandia nor thinit finale and finish
would you want someone from the
Seychelles say shalese facial eyes
you got eight out of 18 right
considering how awfully we started I
think I saved myself a bit there um I
still think people mortar should be
referred to as Maltesers hey alpha 18
are pretty happy with that
um I'd like to know if there's anyone
watching from any of those places that I
mentioned I know there's people from
Finland I know that people from Canada
and Singapore but yeah if you're from
one of those nations one of these places
let me know say hi in the comments
what's up yo and I hope you enjoyed the
video if it thumbs up if you did I'll
see you tomorrow with another one good
bye
I'm a naughty
