hello beautiful sexy people Happy New
Year welcome to 2017 yo the year that is
gonna be a lot better than 2016 fair
everyone the world you me it's going to
be a fantastic year I hope you had a
good celebration blah blah but now we're
back filming videos aren't we Matt yes
go play 17 20 17 tell me Leo your
resolution big ones little ones tricky
ones shitty ones you gotta get not
hair Marcus I wish I've got hair
right now sorry deal with it anyway
first video we're gonna jump back into
is reacting to YouTube's instagrams now
we did this about a month ago you guys
fricken loved it we did three youtubers
so guess what when you love something
we're gonna do more of it I thought
let's have a look at old Felix you know
mr. PewDiePie YouTube legend himself
let's have a little look at his old ins
to see how his game shapes up shall we
oh he's got a lot of high hits
bring joy to your feed how big is his
nose to fit his finger looks very far up
his nose I used to think pews love to
selfie but he seems to have go over that
now it's a lot of his game on there
isn't there
Oh Emma Marzia cute looks very funny
here with your shape face looks a bit
like you he tells a look like you 10
million followers or seal on his insta
holy thank you 26 August 2016
quiet 8 he's big pew doesn't he I mean
he's quite skinny but he's you know he's
big he's known famous ah what has he got
a random picture of sheep baller and now
my famous that is a bloody impressive
beard I wish I could achieve that that
is forget 50 million subscribers that is
your greatest achievement there pewds
although you do look a little bit like
someone who's being stuck in the forest
chopping down trees for six months
Oh
rambling got to meet with Ryan Reynolds
I love how he goes in brackets Deadpool
but people know who Ryan Reynolds is I
never got YouTube jacket because they
don't like me yeah this is where I meant
he loves the selfie look selfie selfie
selfie selfie selfie I mean it you know
what instagrams for right you post
selfies Thank You Man no no no you post
selfies with when it's not just you guys
it's me like friends so there's just me
you like selfie though don't you no no
don't do selfies no Trevor look look
this is focus when I take more view
against you something
but is it have a little look online no I
don't know the last time post a selfie
of just me you guys okay it's the wife
no Hardy yeah you love to selfies see
that's what I'm saying a lot Oh what he
loved it goo was fiver perfect this is
it what's his head Hey
oh well is this what this is when he
went a bit naturist ik so yeah I'm gonna
like a border on it all artsy absolutely
yeah pew to get Matt's approval look oh
my god that's the Marcus face that is
the Marcus old selfie old picture face
Dan so that's pewds moving on to mr. dan
is not on fire 3.8 million followers
only 233 posts hi I'm Dan I make youtube
videos about how old I am and people
laugh at me when you absorb like the
outfit is right I agree with you Dan I
wear a lot of black as well so that pay
easy is oily it's cool he's got the
seven fifties on every yes time this is
it yeah that's you Fester my yeah not
really think I told you that
here they are in their sparkly Blazers
went for the shiny suits we could find I
I would have I would go Dan's on the
left probably although the gold might
match my hair more so Phil would
probably steal your jacket it's kind of
cool that they're on a billboard you
know him and Phil as a Pokemon
no just the fault is not fault is not
enough what am I talking about what's
their thing called t-80 inof what does
it stand for
oh the amazing tall is not on fire
that's it
not the Fault in Our Stars sorry oh you
triggered fandom free good
I like teasing the fandom my hair
doesn't look too well naturally you know
what Dan has posted a few things when
he's got curly hair
I think curly hair suits you buddy you
should rock it a bit more hope you
didn't catch chlamydia away also I think
Dan looks good with a fringe just saying
dad's photo picture was a Christmas tree
interesting Oh Zelda here it is and some
fog Oh God look at that blue it's hands
a huge hello that is that is dan I know
Dan's got the t-shirt he's got the
whiskers dan lovely little lip by a bit
raunchy yeah
chiku again guys you know I'm laughing
everyone's Instagram if you look back
online it's more embarrassing than
anyone's I'm taking the piss out of so
darlings very stretched in this picture
and finally zoella oh 1200 pose Zoe's
Instagram is I like looking at her
Instagram don't know in a weird
stalkerish ways and it's nice to look at
but when you just look at that it's like
a nice feed isn't it so what's she been
up to recently
here they are Good Old South it's pretty
cool shop Oh would you drink that you a
good knee would I on Christmas Day yeah
I would have
let myself go recently so it has to go
on tiptoes it's quite cute pink hair
looks pretty cool curly that is a cool
picture let's give her a little like on
that one Oh bit risque the old you know
that's why risky zoom wonder if any
people being caught out from that
because you know like you can now see on
in its day but they're old pictures when
you zoom in on them I scroll back is
that me that's Tyler no way her hair was
like just from the ones we've gone to to
that so dark
oh I hope you cute
keep scrolling scrolling scrolling
scrolling children oh here he is
look at that face it's a cool face isn't
it sorry
still trying to scroll back Scrolls wash
or scrub let's go scrub and OH
legend himself hey why laughing hey
what's funny oh my god her and Troy Wow
cheeky early that's I thought that posed
you do is it Joe ah
Louise her hair that's these are all
right Zoe back in the day hanging our
ruler pals that fringe hmm iconic that
lychee so he looks really funny there oh
here we go cupcake
of course she liked this a sub orange of
fate didn't she what were you about
saying no it's funny how how much your
first instant says about doesn't it
what's your one again you first one
there's a picture on my wall
well for soda cupcake was yeah like you
see
like Zoe to be fair though refreshes
whoa watch out Jo's arms about earn
Louise Wow how that's four years ago
nearly fighting like five years ago she
hit the bed there we go that is me
looking at some more youtubers
instagrams if you want me to continue
this and who should I do next
let me know in the comments otherwise I
will see you tomorrow moving on video
all right lucky gasps goodbye
