hello beutel's sexy people welcome to a
slightly festive video this doesn't well
it's pretty obvious what this is but see
as it's Christmas I'm in the festive
spirit I kind of wanted to give back to
you guys something no no I can't with
the idea of this is an iPhone 6 it's my
old phone right my actual kind not just
like some random old phone it's one I
used to use nothing wrong with it's not
broken it's a perfectly good condition
and I just thought that it's been sat in
my drawer but I'm doing anyway but so
why don't I do a giveaway and someone
who actually watches my videos could get
an iPhone 6 so yeah that's kind of the
idea it's super simple all you have to
do is make sure you give this video like
so thumbs up and also leave a comment so
you can comment as many times you like
we just leave a comment could be
anything doesn't have to be anything in
particular but yeah you can comment and
as many times as you like competitions
gonna be able 48 hours from the day and
time of this videos uploaded you can be
anywhere in the world and we will get in
touch with you and then we'll get an
address and then ship the phone out etc
etc etc so yeah that's pretty much it
this is the phone you can get your hands
on this I've told you what to do hope
you guys enjoyed the video make sure to
give it a thumbs up leave a comment and
I will see you tomorrow in another video
alright let me go
