seen the video of turtle having sex you
guys he's like making a funny noise I've
seen it actually a very good impression
thank you
there we were in LA and we were hanging
out with Will and Arden who I'm friends
with and that hadn't met before so we go
round to win lardons we filmed a video
had a few drinks and we're standing
around waiting for food
we slept for an hour which is very
common in LA you know it's not common in
my life and then you just sit there and
when it hasn't been an earthquake over
like 6.5 on the Richter scale since 1939
but very like fast and like
informatively
and Aldous just looked at um as I was
like I'm a man with the start she
appreciated that we ordered have you
seen her since no should we play the
game predicting if I give you a youtuber
and then you tell me what they're doing
in five years alpha days vlogging selfie
weddings Alfie baby
Alfie triplets selfie selfie South alley
white chat show T by presenting a
charger like a game show voice Caspar
Lee acting in some form you really
impressed me in his film with ki maybe
if you really like this guy's we can
convince Markus to put it on Marx but
the games will get the channel going
again the channel is not real or thing
we did this hike yeah we've been the
guys and he was joining in about door
yeah much scared of butterflies always
but when the cricket landed on you okay
what we heard rustling in the bushes and
we kind of stopped and saw this would
you say grasshopper it was fucking
massive it flew out onto the floor and
we kind of both ran away yeah and then
he goes up to it Ben and had a look at
it and as he got closer it just decided
to fly onto my leg I've never seen you
so I still never froze you ran away of
cut you know we were going to the
finding Dory premiere and met time is
very good yeah enjoyed it
conversation just went a bit a little
bit stale so
okay I'm gonna stir it up a bit I've got
a fringe and he's used well this is the
problem I fought but he never has
fringes anymore and he just sticks his
hair up so I was oh you used to have a
fringe I why did you leave the fringe
club and then he had a fringe at night
and I didn't really realize I need
everybody understand what I was saying
yeah I haven't asked a couple of times
what do you mean and then luckily a nice
weight just came over and goodness and
we never spoke about it again that was
great I haven't seen Tyler again amazona
creating a supermarket or a store where
you can walk in you bleep yourself in
with your phone and you basically pick
whatever it is up you want put it in
your own bag and just walk straight out
the store and it mathematically
calculates how much you've space etc etc
what happens if there's a power cut that
I bet you so people don't just steal
something comes down and locks everyone
in this otherwise people dealing they
won't that's a little bit illegal oh
okay we'll just lock you in the store
you see what happens it when it's bad
times people were looting and things
power cut they'll think I've got an
opportunity here I can get some munchies
for it it's really that bad power cuts
though MacOS moments of 2016 me pushing
you in a trolley fruit alia that felt
some reason monument is iconic was it
staying in the honeymoon suite sharing
that bed with Nanak nothing gonna be
those that was a cool moment that
sharing the pet was not I don't know
we got to watch black mirror together
that was cool you know it was you love
Matt stop falling asleep
you
