going live hey oh hey why so bright
shine bright like a diamond hello hello
hello hello hello hi hi how's everyone
doing today oh I am it this bright
lights really gonna make me forget oh
look at that i mean i'm in dubai if you
didn't know um which is pretty cool it's
my second type well it's my third time
I've technically been here because I've
been to a BW once and I flew into Dubai
but I don't really count that as actual
time in Dubai so it's my second proper
time into why I came once three years
ago all youtubers which you guys
remember which when the flippin a
YouTube boy band was invented that was
invented in Dubai the place I'm in now
and yeah if you guys didn't know how
that was created I should probably we
mean some of you probably all know me
and Joe with sat arms tape we were all
indiana me and Joe was sat there and we
were literally just singing like random
songs to each other and it was really
funny then I was like guys would you be
up for just like singing some songs like
no listen sing just seeing some songs on
a video then everyone was can I yeah and
that is how you too boy band was created
so yeah that's a fun little fact you um
but yeah it's in Dubai it's in Dubai I'm
in Dubai and today has been the first I
got a couple of things to tell you about
today as being the first day in the Sun
because we've been so busy which I'll
tell you about and I've been filming so
much stuff and I really think you guys
gonna like the video when I finally
edited it but what I want a first-year
today's the first day in the Sun and if
I'm being quite honest I think i'm a bit
red that's why I came inside I was like
my think I'm a little bit rude oh I
should probably go
side so first then some and we'll see
how I do this later but also had a bit
of a nightmare today guys so we woke up
this morning at 4am to go and do a hot
air balloon experience so we're going
out into the desert and go up and watch
the sunrise in a hot air balloon sounds
incredible doesn't it like literary
sounds amazing so woke up before I am
like got picked up traveled two hours
and we get there and at the moment in to
buy this this crazy fog in the morning
where to know like it's just really
fogging it depends on how the Sun burns
off to when it gets cleared up and yes
we were on our way there like all this
gonna be amazing and you guys I was a
bit foggy so we're like okay cool that's
fine is that yeah it will clear up and
then I'm get a clear up so they
were like okay we'll take you like we
drove another 30 minutes to a holding
area which was like a petrol station
where you could get food and stuff we
ended up waiting there for an hour and a
half and then they drove us there like
okay it's finally clearing up so we
drove back to where all hot air balloons
where did all the safety I had your
safety belt done and went through all
the training of how to fall and go
introduced to a falcon who knows why so
get really excited at this point and
then they're like and now we just have
to wait five minutes for the fog
focusing and play play cut the
long story short guess what the
didn't clear and they unfortunately had
to cancel it so there was a hundred
people there waiting to go on these
hot-air balloons and because of the fog
yeah they just couldn't couldn't do in
pain and it's no one's fault obviously I
mean the weather the weather is to blame
whoever put this weather on us for this
day thank you very much no um it was
just a bit frustrating so we kind of
woke up at 4am essentially for nothing
and did all that traveling so then we
got back to the hotel like 11 and we're
like oh it's just go go to the Sun a
benign Sun and devised for hours ahead
so it's like for croc now
I've been in the Sun too long so that's
why I came inside our song was like yeah
that's your fault oh thanks yeah okay so
yeah I did it would have been really
cool to do the hot hot air balloon
especially for the film and stuff I'm
doing but you know there's can't do
anything about that so yeah just wanted
to tell you that also you guys in for me
on Twitter and stuff will know that more
markers hit two million subscribers
which is in SE like two million
subscribers on my second channel so
thank you came to thank thank thank you
thank you thank you so much for that I
genuinely am really appreciate that so
I'm just comfortable this is pointless
it's just hanging out isn't it it's much
more chilled I'm doing these like once a
week so wherever I am in the world where
I'm doing I'm just gonna go life like
however long I feel like and just help
you guys so if you have questions or
anything you can leave them here and
yeah well I tell you about to buy so far
um if you're wondering from thumbnail to
do look at this done done it's a tattoo
oh wait it's a henna tattoo now because
they all know the sad little way it's
meant to be by the way does anyone lot
that says yeah also most of you where
are you watching the world i'm guessing
a lot of you from England because a lot
of people a lot my audiences from the UK
yeah where are you watching from in the
world those you are asking my stephanie
is as well she's still sunbathing so
yeah I was like I'm going cuz I'm read
some people know it says that's cool I
didn't know if anyone would know that
but see Australia london england england
scotland swindon yet I croatia singapore
oh yeah there might be some people
around the world watching which is later
because I never usually doing this
which is weird also is because it's
holidays in back home so you know
everyone's kind of around and stuff yeah
you know it's not cool guys I was really
not cool the color of my hair at the
moment so let me just show you I don't
know if you can see how yellow it is can
you see how yellow it has gone on the
sides it's like completely faded you see
this hello my name's Marcus the
Yellowhead British Red Boy haha that's
awesome I feel very red Saudi Arabia
from that's cool Sam you're watching
from Dubai that's kind of awesome canada
all of you watching right now as well if
you're enjoying this make sure to give
the video a thumbs up I can see them
here so we're on 1200 so if you go down
smash the thumbs up that'd be cool to
buy waves i'm still reading away clients
from where i watch from hawaii what time
is in Hawaii because wow that's so weird
to think you're still in your day behind
you're literally a day behind so for you
it's Thursday right that's weird bahrain
London London London Croatia lithuania
awesome still love reading way you guys
are watching from a room common dub 10pm
in australia that's where things how
Australia is still so far ahead of where
I am now yeah also if you guys are
interested in seeing some pics if you
aren't already follow me on insta it's
at marcus butler i'm posting like loads
of pictures of the trip over there so
yeah i'm really happy with photos think
they look good
morocco whoo I was in Morocco have ice
yeah wait how about yeah I did do a live
show since baraka I was just trying to
think um yeah it's called Instagram
Marcus not insta sorry that would be
weird isn't it's like calling YouTube
you yeah post videos on you yeah you
know me and you me and you how was my
Christmas yeah my Christmas was do you
know what my christmas i think was one
of it I think not even one of I think
the best Christmas I've ever had purely
just because it was spent of the people
I love and it was so chilled and so just
so nice I don't know it was just nice I
want you to say about that I would show
you stuff I got you know presents
because they know you guys like that so
maybe when I'm home I can do that
because I've obviously got some stuff at
home how long line to buy for ah a few
more I'm here for new years so trying to
figure out what to do for new years in
dubai because i think there's going to
be some amazing fireworks and ya know
just trying to figure out what to do but
also you know i love in this hotel room
they have this is an ad this isn't an ad
vas water the old Voss water from the
artesian Voss sparkling water from
Norway hmm I know some of you watching
me some people who watch me from the way
and that water is amazing and I know so
many people like but it's only water but
don't know there if I can taste the
difference in water I'll have you know
well can we maybe make me look non-red
dance party ooh hang on a minute oh oh
ah sorry glamour beam well quite like
beam oh yeah sorry guys I'm just uh
we're not doing a documentary our way
would anyone be annoyed if I did the
lock the rest the live stream like
there's hey guys so this is my room
would you like a room tour oh this is
weird look at me hmm sorry okay sorry
back to being a bit more normal Mike
white lights is like sparkly and it
makes me not look road do some style
videos what style videos got have you
seen style I'm in now min a Bulls
basketball jersey and swimming shorts
and that is a leg and a hat with yellow
hair did learn any Arabic words no I
haven't Oh have I know I haven't
actually I have not um German is my main
language I'm trying to learn at the
moment so we're working on that forest
dine handy if you'd like to know that
means it means where is your phone what
what East does hot 10 i'm good at german
aren't I yeah you know so yeah I am
actually donating some Russian um I
can't really speak yet but it's really
interesting just in a few months how
much I've learned like by listening and
picking up so it's like when people in
Germany having a conversation eyes I'm
sick SAT there like I owned this is what
you said so yeah hopefully in like a
year or a few years I'll be fluent in
German that'd be pretty cool show us
your abs please yeah okay we'll just
turn this into one of those things no I
am going to the gym after this though
I'm oh my god also or in Dubai they have
cheesecake factory now if you've never
been cheese hey factory it's American I
you're missing out I wish they had it in
London it's basically an amazing
restaurant that everyone thinks if you
don't know it's just a sales cheesecake
it does sell cheese kay sells amazing
cheesecake but the main it's a
restaurant and it sells pretty much
every single food in the world and they
do the best sweet potato fries and um
yeah I I'm so happy to buy has it I'm
gonna go and eat there sorry um yeah
cheesecake can she save actually please
come to London that would be so freaking
good because it's amazing because if you
wanna eat healthy you can help if you
want to eat cheese Katie but the best
cheese hey if you want to eat but like
they let you have everything so I'm now
just reading your core when I go silent
like it's not something in my own world
it cuz I'm reading your comments so yeah
any advice for a new traveler whore um
keep keep your ways about you and if
you're going somewhere that's like
different so here's the thing when
you're in like Western Europe if you're
from Western Europe or even America like
all these countries you go to and you're
just like yeah this is like normal you
know but if you go further than those
countries and go into different
continents and some of these places have
completely different cultures and you
should respect those cultures that's
what my advice would be because it's
weird like hearing to buy for example
you can beat this well I don't I don't
come on this here and read the rules but
like you're not really allowed to show
public display of affection so like
holding hands or kissing and in like
some of the malls and stuff it's it's
become very touristy that that's not
really like in play if you walk down the
street and stuff it's like they don't do
that here so it's from coming from
something we used to into this world
it's kinda like oh that's different and
it feels a bit weird but it's also like
you're in their country so
you know respect that respect it yo
what's my new year's resolution or bra
um to cook more to cook more as my new
year's resolution because I'm quite well
you know if you guys watch master I'm
I'm pretty good at cooking like I'm okay
um but i just don't really do it so I'm
not vegan no never been a week I love
like a lot of my YouTube friends think
that I am vegan all used to be vegan I
was never vegan um so I don't know why
thought that just healthy and into gym
will you bring out an exercise video
here's the thing I've thought about
doing them but I just don't know how
many people would be interested in the
same as the food stuff like if you guys
want to know how much I'm meeting on
what I eat and stuff like that like I
can obviously talk about it but I just
don't know how if it's even interesting
you only kale the thing is I don't
actually even eat that much kale like I
dukale add kale and cheese get back to
the other dash hey boom do dahm do dahm
do dahm do dahm Joe's already beat you
on that cooking mm-hmm was Jeremiah chef
though was he no he wasn't there sorry
also I probably will not with this
filter on but I probably look really
tired because i said i woke up at 4am
everyone's always like prank call
someone I can't cuz I'm on my phone I
cannot do anything this is what I'm
broadcasting on oh yeah and what's he
gonna say yet also if you're wondering
why I've like lack of snapchats and
stuff like that is because I've been so
busy filming so basically I'm trying to
make another travel video you you know
you went on to Mykonos and I made that
travel video and that's honestly that
one of my favorite things to make so
making another video like that so any
time I've been filming it's been for
that so if you're being wonderin where
me weird snapchats have been watched
your snapchat Marcus Butler i am marcus
butler on everything ping my phone looks
really smaller hmm any hair updates will
you just missed that we've got yellow
hair so mmm that is the hair update I'm
gonna bleach as soon as I get back to
London what is stephy oh ah i was gonna
say i could reduce that german um I
can't do that to be honest really can't
do that to choose you on the beat room
tour there's not really much I was
thinking like doing a room tour um and
stuff like that but it's a small room
this is a room yeah its various like a
small little room what a massive balcony
um but not really yeah yeah
so yeah like said I'm gonna go to the
gym in a minute was just like no
I'm gonna come hang out with you guys
but I've told you I'm when I'm gonna do
this once a week I'm not there's no like
set time some might be 10 minutes some
might be 30 minutes I might be an hour
you know it's just like hanging out I
what I rabbit well yeah if you want to
see it again this is it you can have 10
marks points for anyone that guesses it
well if you know you know it put it that
way I don't know if that's the right way
to hold it so I'm sorry all this way oh
yeah look at that angle oh yeah screen
keeps flicking don't know dude so hard
when you when you write your questions
and they're like more than a few words
it's like I read it then you guys
someone said it means sugar plum don't
think it does also I'm like pimple
central right now why do I have a pimple
here and it's probably not showing this
is like a lump in my neck massive pimple
on my forehead never get pimples there
had one here oh yeah it's still there
awesome oh yeah across my neck just
awesome also there they're out of all
places so that's awesome ah s c QA is
that mean snapchat QA oh also I don't
 me I think they did tell you the
last live show I've been editing
throughout whole of the last year my
best moments on snapchat and it's very
it's like eight minutes of the moment
but if you follow me on snapchat you'll
know or like to think that I'm sometimes
funny and I always save my snapchat
stuff and yeah I've put together this
kind of best bits off and is hilarious
but really really funny oh so I've been
answering that which you guys can see
Bulger yes hello yes I've been editing
this and you guys can see it soon I was
hoping it would be ready for new year
but don't know if that's gonna be the
case anymore someone she said skydive as
well and so was thinking of maybe doing
skydive and then steffie's family got us
as a present to go skydiving anywhere in
Germany so we're going to do that
instead
it's interesting to watch you hello I
look like I'm directly from the beach
well hello I'm very red I've put filter
on as well so it makes me look nice that
I actually do I also showed everyone
next I didn't tell them what it was ah
but people watching know it is some
people watching around like people
watching from Dubai right now uh-huh so
ya you're so international yeah his hand
that someone saying is that Hannah yeah
that's not real um it's Hannah which
lasts for like two weeks maybe or
something like that so yeah anyway any v
did you like making us I loved making us
I think I preferred it santorini you
know because it was like more chilled
and stuff stauff need more i wipe this
lighting seriously can we just not be so
pale there we go that's better more mail
few videos yeah i do want to film video
of Alfea actually where's Matt Matt Matt
you can come out the cupboard now Matt's
at home I do love that cuz well maybe
you've joined late see like where like
where are you I'm in Dubai which I said
it beginning and that is at home some
people like does Matco everywhere you go
no doesn't
when's out for getting your cat
apparently never Alfie as a man who
doesn't stick to his word isn't he do
you like horses I own one yeah say hi to
your horse your beard looks great oh
it's probably because i use fact 50 on
my face and it like doesn't really rub
into my beard so just have white stuff
will over my face at the beach which is
awesome going back to this um yeah you
too boy band that's why i shared the
youtube boy band story so base he it's
where it happened dubai you have water
for me in norway thank you i'm presuming
you mean the Voss water
honestly some of these clients are so
flipping weird black catsuit you see
things I don't think black hair to me
because I'm really like my natural I'm
quite pay I'm not that pale but I'm like
knocked and you know I'm someone who it
takes like a couple of days to go brown
in the Sun so I've had black hair I
think I'd look a bit like a vampire
you should visit 11 loving my hat yeah i
was a bit annoyed because this is the
hat though just wearing the gym and i
forgot to bring all of my like other
hats to Dubai so everyone might have
been wearing my gym hat so if you see me
in to buy in this hat say you're wearing
a smelly gym hat cool can he speak any
other languages as you travel so much no
is the short answer to that they've
already had some of my German someone
asked where you were in German and they
said forest Stephie and I was like I'm
gonna and I didn't reply yeah um a
little comments are now just smelly gym
hat swim with sharks can you do that in
two by oh to be honest I really really
want to do that but I'd also be really
scared oh you mean in like when you see
some shots i think you mean in like the
aquarium's right not like cage diving
with great white sharks cuz I'm
thickness great white sharks in Abu
Dhabi and Dubai made your hair gray
again yeah I might do this next when I
next diet I might make you to stretch it
with ash color when your next podcast
and that's why I should also tell you
guys podcast what day is it today the
podcast came out on monday and cuz i was
away in flying stuff i didn't get chance
to promote it properly but new episode
did come out yeah if you still don't
know i do a podcast called lower your
expectations with matt and each we
usually upload an episode every single
Monday so search for it on itunes or on
any android podcast app lower your
expectations or just search my name and
you'll be able to find it you can
download it subscribe to it it's free
and if you subscribe then it will like
each week every Monday it will go to
your phone so yeah that's why you should
subscribe to it and yeah basically go
download the latest episode because
it's funny no honestly is it's my
favorite because of it when we record
them I kind of forget what we do and
then each week before we put it out we
obviously listen to it and edit in stuff
like that and this week's was my
favorite podcast that we've ever done I
it was my the one that i thought was the
funniest so um ya go have a listen to
that cool and on that note people I'm
gonna go like said I'm gonna go to the
gym now so thanks for hanging out with
me I hope you enjoyed it give this a
thumbs up like I said I can see in there
so go smash thumbs up line and I will
see you soon I'll see you tomorrow with
a normal video and then yeah you got
loads of new videos commenting so
goodbye Oh Sarn else on say bye goodbye
and now come
