how abusing me why you doing welcome
back to Genoa if this is the first time
you're watching my name is Marcus I post
videos every single day you can
subscribe to the channel by clicking
just down there click the button just
down there welcome to today's video
which is going to be kind of like a
tryout to laugh so you guys know try not
to laugh is like you watch videos and
you try not to laugh and they're usually
funny videos but today is going to be a
try not to laugh eye pictures images
photographic stuff yeah is so weird in
this room it's so pressing because of
the light situation honestly if you want
because I have to show you ready middle
of the day we're not even the middle of
day is the morning it's the morning
imagine how screwed up if I didn't have
this light hi guys welcome to Marcus
enjoy today's video pictures read it say
it's impossible to see without laughing
Texas man is a legend so drunk cops have
to hold his head up for mugshot
didn't art then see if you can get the
bottom about at least breaking a smile
sexual predator that was a sarcastic
laugh in case you didn't know I'm a very
sarcastic human being how do you I don't
know between five and 38 send me a photo
that's very sure that it's very true
that looks like you know one is absolute
you've managed to people's faces yeah
but I'm pretty sure that's what's
happening or just got all kinds of weird
things down size their mouth is very
small but they've got very bushy and
eyebrows and large I save your family
from boredom at Showbiz Pizza save your
family why am I putting this funny it's
got one tooth
and before that's the man that's not
really that funny I have died everyday
waiting for you wallet II stuff this who
would win a stick versus one thousand US
Marines tough choice all it is is one
marine to break the stick seriously what
the then you have to stick stick
win every time I mean I see your logic
in that but you can only continue
breaking the sticks up so much Courtney
oh so US Marines I'm sure they'd just
burn the stick then that's done for
isn't it calm when all the time that's
sad
you can clearly see that like parents
show up for this team photo the girl on
the right is like at that cool age of
being a kid when you don't really want
to do anything your parents are doing
and she tries to jump and she's like no
I mean yes little girls just a
quick backstory for the next one what
you're seeing over the next couple of
pictures is the work of a bloke who had
been subtly photoshopping his friends
Facebook photos over time
I'm guessing on the left we've got the
region on the right we've got boys who
just made him have a lip bite on the
right is that what we're getting up
there oh I can't really I mean is he
changed the cover he's changed the
colour of his face on the bright yeah I
get that I do be funny especially this
subtly so this one he's just like made
his teeth a bit Brown and I got in
his teeth he's changed his mouth and his
butt lip and he's now holding something
who's made just fuming they're not my
teeth this is genuinely really funny
it's a lose the money because Joe does
this Joe sugg loves to do this with
facetune he like takes a picture and
like pulls your ear out or something
things he's hilarious
I love how pale he makes him look as
well mate
this is an infringement on my image
right please take us down it's not fair
I'm pretty sure it's illegal I'm simply
not that pale how irritating is again Oh
fuck's sake I fought we finish with this
but don't even know what this is in my
hand
that's not my lazy eye ending this is
only lose a little alien very clever I'm
going on a computer course now to learn
how to do that I hate you it is very
funny yo just like the squishes his face
in a little bit but don't believe this
I'm stressed I've just started my new
job I'm vulnerable and you've gotta
mucked about with my boots and my
brother's wedding pose unbelievable that
was really insane and I enjoyed looking
at that this on the other hand
oh right no god damn mouth yeah sir
are you aware you're a cat that say my
mum would lava that's just like a dad
joke isn't it it's not that funny
it is Bonnie but it's just stupid yeah
it's all very funny but a no pointer far
my favorite internet vote the whole time
or favorite - vegetable time if the
others didn't get you these - well okay
let's find out oh I love this photo I
love it just because you can see in the
back he's like what dangerous bomb beds
are so dangerous thinking about it kids
are you I mean I used to love a bunk bed
but how is a kid like that many climb up
and down up about killing himself not to
let alone how messy the floor is that is
health and safety all over the place and
then he's just slid in and cracked his
little nuts here's a thought is cracking
your nuts always painful it's painful
when you you know you go through puberty
and you you know I'm just say is it
painful when you're a kid that was a lot
shorter than anticipated so apologies
that usually we like to try and make the
videos you know and I'm hanging out over
7 minutes 8 minutes 9 minutes 10 minutes
anything like that I also was going to
try and do some vlogging here but if I'm
completely honest it's just so full on
that I'm not even bringing my
after that thought of oh I should be
filming this so if you want to see what
I'm up to awesome over here best place
before we check out is Instagram so you
can check out my Instagram it's Mark's
Butler think there's a link down there
and you can see what I'm doing in New
York
so yeah yada yada yada yada yada yada
that is it from me today folks so I hope
you enjoyed this video sure it's a
little bit shorter and I'll see you
tomorrow pal all right the bike bag of
IBEW takes people by primary
