heyyo beautiful sexy people welcome to
video where we got about two thousand
really bad where we're killing little
kids
we're not don't worry we're not doing
that and I was gonna joke cuz I'm not
one of these youtubers that just slates
little kids
it's just Jacobs we're reacting to then
no one else is just Jacobs you guys know
Jacob his kid just like thirteen four
jianchi's blown up smashing it and I've
reacted some of his in a compilation
video but never his own at once so
that's what memory don't 18 minutes I've
already told you guys this but just
saying if I was on musically I reckon
I'll kill it cuz you know I'm pretty
good lip sync I just say yeah while we
got hit us Jacob that is a nice pan
driver Oh watch out for that punk joke
either
I've back with the hair touches new
drummer we looked at me that video knee
touched his hair like million times with
his friend touch his hair like two
million times you double jab like me
when I'm on the road you could sky I
thought he is just he's like a cute
little kid isn't he like I get why
people love him cuz he's just this
little kid who's like cute little face
and like you know glad but this is older
than old that's yeah I can't handle it
when it's like that when it's like the
eyebrows look like we're just watching
right I'm not I'm not coming for Jacob
Slayton Jacob I think the fact that he
smashed is amazing in his age and it's
just a smash or isn't it you don't have
to do it
I do hang his hat a little bit too big
for his head don't know this because he
hasn't fully grown yet but I do feel his
hat you could maybe have a little bit
smaller neatly fit its head a little bit
better if I've got anything to say I'm
just just gonna put out there I'm sure
why rolls the sleeve up there as well
needed to get that gun out okay
good day I put in like I'm okay crack a
smile she's good at lip-synching to his
nest all the big house armed and
dangerous wipeout do with that one shot
here's just an annoying song whose remix
this don't do that - that was Voight
what's a potato wiggle way going it's
quite funny rounded on there didn't hmm
why is everything always like
chipmunk sped up I reckon musically
merch there how much they paying for
that like wow cameras point where shoot
me wasn't about is my music playback
continue you there's always the this is
man before I R it's always I'm all for
sorting around like you could do it just
before you start you could mirror stop
you have what's hanging common though
that is red cheeks so Jacob ready like
you you just that yeah I mean this isn't
route it's not that cringey
right okay what's going on over to Lisa
what I'm very prestigious
when it's that foster song just annoy me
back in the pan-arab it please tell me
he did design a panda and now sparing my
ears
this was his spot wasn't this is the
Jacob spot in that crib spot the hat
that is Jacob Sartorius if I was a
little girl I would love Jacob like if I
was an eight year old girl he would be
my you know my crush he bloody I hope he
sold the hat as merchandise I he's
wrapping it a loss very hyper in this
way okay Jacob Jacob now that's a little
too much money there's another house and
a little bit too big for him it's cool
and because when I as you grow up you
can keep that happened when my puberty
and growth you'll be everything ends oh
that's chill yeah I mean don't get me
wrong
kids kid in it don't have nor do I want
anything bad say well yeah care like
making funny like little digs at the
sizes hat and stuff but obviously I'm
just messing about yeah I've got nothing
but more appreciation but like he's 14
and he's smashing it so he's on that's
gonna be laughing but you guys might
think differently I don't know I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did give
it a thumbs up and I will see tomorrow
anyway alright goodbye
