hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going welcome to a quiz today we're
gonna see can you pass this Mandela
effect memory test you guys should have
seen my well I hope you see my
conspiracy video on the Mandela effect
by now but if you're not aware what it
is it's where a lot of people have this
memory of something different
like a very small change in something
from a past very popular event it could
be you remember a set famous quote from
a film a certain way like Luke I am your
father differently to how actually is in
the film like it doesn't actually say
Luke I am your father in the film so
which is correct I turn on the left no
way despite remembering it is looting
teens
I swear it that's weird t double o ms
which is correct coca-cola doesn't have
the - in the middle what the does
Kong does not have that - in the middle
no that's it doesn't does it
this is weird I don't like this what's
the notice on JC I mean I don't even
know JC Penney but the one on the left
up oh cool which is correct for breeze
or for breeze thing is one left but you
will stroke the other one right no I got
that but it's like breeze yeah breeze
which is correct coughs fruit loops or
what's not one on that it's definitely
one on the left
oh it does not it what the I'm so
confused right now my whole this means
every any memory you've ever thought
could be messed up I don't know what
that is
it's obviously the one on the nose the
one on the left this is weird isn't it
yeah this is weird which is I don't know
that brand Eva Oscar one on them right
yes we got on right guys we got on right
you know the brand you know I'd I dunno
oh yeah Oscar Meyer is a shop which is
correct art why know this because I did
it in the video in the Mandara that
video but I should go over what I
thought it was before that video which
is I thought it was Sex and the City but
hey guess what it's not it's Sex in the
City huh no well then I got that the
other way but hey I now know it what I
can you know but yeah I was trying to
outsmart myself there just proves that I
still think it's wrong which is the real
monopoly man doesn't everything is I
which is correct one on the right
No if this goes spring out then all
these brands should actually choose
these other things because you know
brand identity if people are clearly
thinking of your brand and your logo is
the other thing maybe you guys should
switch it to the other thing just saying
you know you can sign me up help you
with your brand marketing agencies I'm
right here holler at your boy which is
correct
Kit Kat Kit Kat doesn't have the - yeah
yes I was going to say that - is like
too fake which is the actual Pikachu
he's got the bath tail look I'm quite
upsetting at that I'm big Pikachu fan a
big PG fan boy black is only on the tips
of peaches is not his tail ah three out
of 12 three out of 12 it's such a
struggle to correctly remember small
things especially once that so many
people are recalling incorrectly I would
really I'd love to know if you guys play
if you can pee long and if you struggle
like I did or you know these things
better than me because I don't know if
I'm there anyone experiencing this I
want to have you are to to let me know
your thoughts in the comments I'm pretty
weirded out by that video give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow with another one
alright I'm guys bye
