ho ho ho Merry Christmas hohoho I don't
have a Christmas jumper I don't have a
white beard but I have got white hair so
I'm kind of father Christmas to make the
video a little bit more Christmasy also
got out for you with me so Alfie you
ready you ready you guys Alfie hope you
come have you come hey is that's bloody
Alfie deyes father Christmas who would
have known that alpha is father
Christmas no way mental him Anala crazy
wow so thanks coming he'll think it's my
point is for gavin calendar at a mine
actually mats um I got this format as a
Christmas present well you certainly did
he dug into that Avenue he has indeed
very good thank you thanks for me off
alphie here we happy for me again I
think naal had a big partners jealous
she had licked every chocolate she
sealed everything with her tongue well
yeah this is obviously christmas day if
you're watching I don't even have many
people are watching right now but yeah I
just won't say I don't know why I'm
flatform arms around still thinking on
Christmas dinner in an army yeah yeah
max got the turkey going I can see the
pigs in blankets laid on table oh it
smells delicious buddy so I just wanted
to say a quick message I did one last
year so i can doing this year just say
basically happy Christmas I wish you a
Happy Holidays I hope you have a lovely
day with the people you love and
remember it's not all about giving
presents receiving presents it's about
spending good quality time with the
people you love so hopefully those you
ran already can do it if you don't
celebrate Christmas then this is just a
message to say i love you too and
instead of christmas day here's a marcus
hug for you day you go
one of them lovely right guys is my
Christmas present I want to hit 50,000
likes right now smash it and then how if
we will become real father Christmas
that's why I'm if you hit 50,000 like do
it now yeah hope you have a great day
happy holidays and i'll see you tomorrow
with another video all right love you
guys goodbye
