hello what's going on christmas is
almost here and I'm wearing black cuz
I'm not really in the Christmas spirit
but I am really looking forward to
Christmas I don't have a tree but
because I'm not really here that much I
was like this let's just waste my time
today
this is guess the Christmas film off of
the trailer there we go on that little
kid can we just talk about how cute that
little kid is is it turbo man the film
I've never seen a father's nightmare Oh
what the fuck
he's quite cool is the Arnie
have you seen pumping iron it's quite
cool
I don't know what I film is honestly
never seen this you've never seen that
don't hate me guys what is it uh it's
jingle all the way
and it was 1996 never heard of it
honestly never heard of it never seen it
sorry guys - one for Mark persons Oh
obviously Oh actually not obviously whoo
and then he went straight in there with
the wrong film Oh Oh No
okay now it's the right film yeah and
I'm actually obviously yeah that's what
I was gonna say with it and then
straight I thought it was Bridget Jones
because I saw but I was like oh this
could be a cheeky little I do love that
scene when she's what's her name Melanie
what's her name macaque Channel yeah
Trevor she was a singer yeah and then
she was in all the yogurt adverts Martha
you do not remember her song no it was
big song the radio
then love action then yoga adverts
I've got hope rat solving youtuber yeah
and I'm at Shelby say what yeah I don't
know we're down a yeah sorry mate it's a
thousand five knowledge 2004 please Oh
2003 yeah yeah I do I do
Oh what's his name Colin is a legend
isn't he I love this fit I'm gonna watch
this film yeah oh yeah and thingies in
it the little boy using oh you don't
watch it Game of Thrones I love that
when he's rapping and Selfridges gift
wrapping itself it's my favorite it's
amazing film of the skeletons or some
hand and wonder open your mind and let
yourself go that impound place where
every day is Halloween night every night
it's Halloween watchin you watch the
trailer and every night Jack Skellington
dreams of something different
I have never seen that
what's this what's this what's the
honestly never seen that night before
Christmas oh no I'm going is so much
hate for not saying that is so much hate
1994 what you did 1994 cool so got three
point eight points you've got one that
600 three up six do you've got 2003 and
did I say or did you I said it either
you to close yes you said and you said
coast I get the point
the greediest man alive what Christmas
films are using that's never seen any of
them I've not seen it I just noticed the
Muppet yeah 1998 92 year after I was
born you have all been chosen for the
starring role of the
Bad Santa yeah 2009 no clothes 2003 Oh
what the fuck
so you got 3 out of 10 Thanks oh you
know 50% Bad Santa it's not actually
2003 1994 the MA yeah the muppet that's
50% right I'm so glad I got 50% on that
challenge guys I really hope you enjoyed
it give the video a thumbs up if you so
we got 50% I don't see you tomorrow in
another video all right love you guys
bye Merry Christmas
