what's going on beautiful people welcome
to a video are we going to be looking at
and talking about possibly about 15 of
the world's most powerful photos so I've
looked at any of these yet myself but
one article was shared that these are
some of the most powerful images ever
and this article's had 11 million views
so you know it's pretty popular
oh it's literally crazy number one
starving boy and missionary fish that
literally I've got like goose bumps just
looking at his future look at that poor
like his his wrist that boy's wrist is
thinner literally thinner then that
guy's fingers that's it's so
man that's the inside of got all this
video is gonna be so deep inside a gas
chamber we're obviously in the wall they
put people in here and gas them alive
and that's obviously people chlorine on
the walls try and break out how can
people do that to you how blah heart
surgeon after 23 hour long successful
heart transplant is the system is
sleeping in the corn 23 out and 23 hours
you know how like I watch Doctor Strange
every day possibly one of my favorite
films and if you've seen it you know he
is a surgeon and you see scenes in that
where he's like saving people's lives
etc and just from watching that I got
this like sudden realization that
surgeons have so much pressure to save
people's lives on a daily basis like
someone's come in they've got an issue
to have an operation it's an emergency
something's gone wrong with this person
and there's one person in this hospital
who can potentially save that person's
life and I think one of the pressure
that those surgeons not having to the
skills required to make these people
live is just it's incredible we're lucky
to have people
on this planet who can do things like
that oh no way that's the cutest picture
I think I've ever seen while I'm
literally getting away from a finished
picture what what is wrong with me how
long the parts that is that fifty years
apart
fifty no sixty years apart is the same
picture same for all this yeah ah cool
try not to cry
I'm joking guys it's just my eye drops
um I've been putting implies 12 year old
Brazilian playing the violin and his
teachers funeral the teacher had helped
him escape poverty and violence through
music that little boy I mean what what a
nice thing to be able to show like your
love for someone who probably helped him
a lot by playing his funeral like props
him a Russian soldier playing an
abandoned piano in Chechnya in 1994
who's taking that photo and some Azer I
think I've said this before what you
guys like seeing I went to a museum in
Vietnam and sort of photography in the
Vietnam War and that was like one of
most eye-opening experiences so
something about seeing like you hear
about these awful things but it's only
when you see photos of it they're kinda
like hit you young man just found eyes
brother was killed
actual heart ache like you can't I find
put myself in his shoes like Christians
protect Muslims during prayer and
middest in the midst of the 2011
uprisings in Cairo Egypt deep
firefighter gives water to a koala join
the devastating Black Saturday bushfires
in Victoria Australia mm mine oh my god
is so cute not only a firefighters
saving people's lives and saving koalas
lives good on you mate
Terry Corolla is reunited with her
daughter after serving or up for 7
months
well
that pure like joy and emotion coming
through her face man
you would have seen if you've seen the
transcribe did where we watched army
troops surprising family members gets me
going
Indian homeless men wait to receive free
food distribute outside a mosque ahead
of EDL fitter and Delhi India free food
look how many people are there like
begging for this food what is wrong with
the world
it doesn't even realize a lot that as to
to pitabread and some dip there and look
there's there's probably hundreds of
people behind those people and think
like you and I would consume that on
your own in a restaurant in an Indian
restaurant the literate isn't its mental
Zanjeer the dog save thousands of lives
German by Cyril brass in March 1913 more
than three and a half thousand kilos of
the explosive RDX 600 detonates 249 hand
grenades and 6160
of live ammunition who's buried with
full honors in 2000 that's incredible
that is literally incredible what smart
dog ah
that I literally farm but for my store
we've seen it in like I've watched a lot
of videos about this and conspiracy
theories and row there's always when you
see the people like when people will in
these normal people who have normal jobs
willing to jump from 70 stories high out
the building because they'd rather that
than burn alive like that's as
Matt alcoholic publish I'm gonna look
her youngest son is his sons literally
at four years old and he's probably
trying to save him or help him in some
way that's so well muscled embracing
couple in the rubble of a collapse
Factory
that's awful hey this video is so deep
like I think this videos hit me more
than any like try not to cry that ever
done because it every picture leaves you
thinking with like okay I don't want to
get all like deep and buy all stuff that
but a lot of that I'm just looking at
thing well how lucky not only I am but
most of you probably are watching this
like it's easy to think oh you've had a
bad day or something and then it's like
you don't realize what some of the other
people in this world gopher and on that
deep note I'm gonna end the video here
before I flip them breakdown on camera
as weird hope you like the video but my
mind has been opened I hope yours has
there could be a part two to this I'm
sure there's more photos like this from
around the world you'd be interested in
that let me know maybe the video thumbs
up and I'm sure we can do that bar than
that I will see you guys tomorrow of my
video right love you guys
