hohoho Merry Christmas beautiful sexy
big boy
in the older in the old spirit of
Christmas we are can you get the
Christmas movie from a single blurred
image oh this is gonna be easy isn't it
I'm going to smash this elf
aunts herbs elf Will Ferrell elf one of
my favorite Christmas films hey what's
this it's not Frosty the Snowman
I think it's Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer I got it right again I am the
best at this game
no one's gonna ever beat me right where
are we that is oh it's not Love Actually
because you don't see a Christmas you
know Christmas you don't see Santa Claus
here's question do you do you call him
fart the Christmas or Santa Claus I call
him father Chris in the UK it's very
it's like father Christmas isn't it
where do you go in all the Christmas or
Santa Claus
yeah it's weird when you when you think
about it
father Christmas it's strange just weird
father Christmas father Christmas what
we did in Liddy body Jesus is isn't it -
religious day like a podcast
conversation by the way guys if you want
to listen to the podcast there's a link
down there it's cool lower your
expectations go doesn't - it it's free
subscribe give it a thumbs up you only
have your thumbs up so rate at five star
and I'll love you forever so I was a
little bit horrible to even 3 Santa
Claus I'm going with sons cause - sounds
cool story I haven't seen any of them
but hey never mind
what we got net oh I'm pretty sure
that's Miracle on 34th Street no it's
sighs nice it's a it's a wonderful life
I don't know why I thought that so
quickly I love that film a miracle at
mirror
thirty-four Miracle on 34th Street love
it
oh that looks like elf but I say just
Grinch what is that dr. Zeus oh yeah how
the Grinch Stole Christmas there you go
I was about to say it's pretty obvious I
haven't seen you in a long time actually
I'd really like to see the Grinch
all the bloody house that Polar Express
loved actually it's not elf it's not
Santa Claus it's not love actually I
think it's Pope no it is Love Actually
yeah is I didn't know it was that seen
but I could I was like The Polar Express
way that's a cartoon so not gonna be
that what and we got here I think I can
see Miss Piggy there on the left so I'm
going with the Muppets oh yeah oh yeah
uh-huh
I'm right Oh give me a high five yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay and this one is
that's the Polar Express boom baby boom
six out of eight you know I think that
might be one of the best times we've won
one of the best things we've ever done
on this channel
you got six out of eight right brush up
on your christening buzzfeed why can't
you just go well done no well done
congratulations you got six out of eight
right that's pass it's gonna say traffic
assembler wasn't quick enough so yeah
smash that hopefully got you in the
Christmas spirit
sorry it's really sure I didn't realize
how quick that was gonna be but yeah
don't worry because guess what there's
no video tomorrow but yeah happy
Christmas I hope you have any good
holidays and I'll see you tomorrow
another video all right goodbye
