it's going on beautiful sexy people you
guys know what we're about to break into
that is a forgot what they called
conspiracy theories video oh yeah
welcome to my conspiracy theory voice or
we get all weird and that one of the
other most requested conspiracy theories
video is the Bermuda Triangle - the
Bermuda Triangle we - known as The
Devil's Triangle is an area in the North
Atlantic Ocean where it's more it's a
it's a rough area of triangle and yeah a
number of aircrafts and ships have just
disappeared like completely disappeared
literally out of nowhere that is what is
spooky about the whole thing
there is no explanation as to how some
of these things have disappeared over
this area let's get into it so it is one
of the most traveled shipping lanes in
the world where tons and tons and tons
of ships travel through that every day
carrying goods importing exporting
planes fly over there very frequently so
it is literally one of the most traveled
areas now we're getting into some
disappearances flight 19 1945 so there
were some torpedo bombers flying over
this area there was 14
pilots 14 men and these planes crashed
these planes disappeared and these men
have never been traced during the search
a flying boat also disappeared 13 men on
board no trace nothing's found the USS
Cyclops carrying 309 people on board
went to Barbados at left Barbados on its
last stretch of the journey to Baltimore
Baltimore Baltimore where it was
expected guess what ever arrived never
turned up a huge search was put out for
this boat tracking it the roux they
would have gone and guess what no trace
and this this is the biggest I think or
one of the biggest disappearances in
history with that many people in 1941
two of the cyclopses sister ships also
disappeared along the same route what's
what's up with a say that's weird the
start I got 1948 this was a plane
carrying 25 people it was a British
airline and just disappeared just
disappeared no again no trace no trace
that's
is where it is like things like you know
crashing or sound of that moment seeing
animating that's weird
flight 441 was one of the most
successful planes of all time so the
weird thing of this there was 42 people
on board it was only 400 miles from the
coast and also this plane its cargo had
floats on it so that if if it was to
crash these things would float and
they'd be easily traceable guess what
never found net nothing and the most
recent case was in 2008 the try slander
an aircraft again disappeared that's the
most recent aircraft there was a thing
that people were saying that it'd been
ages since aircrafts disappeared so it's
obviously could've been to do of the
aircrafts and you know technology's got
better but then this happened let's get
into the conspiracies one of the weird
things with Bermuda Triangle is there
are some areas in the world where
compass it does not work they have
strange magnetic deposits pockets where
it can affect how a compass works
there's only a few of these like the
North Pole South Pole and guess what
Bermuda Triangle and it's being known
that some of the last words said from
things that went is that disappeared you
know from the recordings was that the
compass has gone haywire I don't fly
plane I don't drive a boat I don't know
how much of an impact your compass not
working is probably quite a big one
methane hydrate deposits so some
theories suggest that due to the methane
hydrate deposits under the water or and
the land around the ocean yeah the land
under the ocean you know at the ocean
bed so some scientists and laboratory
experiments have proved that these
methane deposits can sink ships now that
would make some sense for some of the
ships to disappear if you think about if
some areas in the world the water is so
dark and so deep that we haven't even
explored many of these areas of the
world so if a ship happened this happens
to a and it sinks and it's in such
a such a deep area in the world that we
can't even get to that would make some
kind of sense to me logically the
airplane same thing like the airplanes
crashed
maybe into the sea and then these
methane deposits made those airplanes
sink but with a plane crash my thoughts
are that they would still be
bits of debris and things floating
around but don't know time warps so this
theory states that there are time warps
or portals that these planes and ships
have gone into and the ones that have
disappeared this area is a time warp for
example and the ones I've disappeared
I've been stuck in this time warp where
it could be a completely different
reality whereas yeah you know they get
stuck there and then they can't get back
into the the rip of the wave and
re-enter normality oh yeah
too scientific for me right now yeah I
don't know about that one myself the
lost city of Atlantis Atlantis
flourished in 9600 BC now apparently
this was a city that was so far an
advanced technology and knowledge that
even compared to today's life where we
are right now this was further ahead in
some aspects than that now I am not
really sure they were talking a long
time ago like a long time ago but anyway
this this town sunk it disappeared and
there is the theory that radiation from
this city is what has caused things
around it to be a drop zone so that is
the conspiracy theories rounded up there
out of those what wonder what do I
believe
I think first was very strange and I
think something fishy is going on there
the logical thing is if that is true
about the methane being able to sink
ships that logically claim like a kind
of make sense but then I'm like more
surely with the planes that bits of
debris falling you'd see that but I
remember I watch the documentary on this
age is like I'm talking seven or eight
years ago and there was something to say
that reason one has been found because
if something crashes there the currents
in that area of a really Strider if it's
true or if I'm in south crazy but the
currents are so strong that it like goes
into this current and gets thrown so far
and I'll be talking hundreds of miles
away in a complete different sea
different area different ocean and
that's why it's impossible to trace if
something goes crashes there because it
gets shipped off somewhere else so yeah
that's my college
thought Lynette but I'd love to know
what you guys think please share your
thoughts in the comments on the
conspiracies and yeah let's see what you
think give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and I'll see you tomorrow no more
goodbyes
