whoa yeah wow this room's echoey hello
beautiful six people welcome to channel
Wellington eunuch Asian I am currently
in New York traveling around the world
I'm in York Fashion Week at the moment
which is mental it's extremely hectic is
the first time I've ever done it so I'm
a bit all over the shop but of course I
want to keep up the videos I wanna make
sure I'm still trying post daily for you
guys so yeah if this first time you're
watchin in welcome to channel one of
Matt's channel subscribe your video
thumbs up all that stuff before we start
the video I am literally in a room like
that is a window right it's not
nighttime it is 8 o'clock in the morning
and that is the window I based one
translator don't have any natural light
at all
nor do I over there so it looks like
it's evening it's not it's just my room
so sorry about that but on the exciting
front I did buy new lights that I can
travel around the world with and
hopefully use this sort situation out
like this so sorry if it looks a little
bit different but we're working with it
and we're just gonna jump straight to
the videos so yeah welcome okay
so embarrassing videos YouTube is
showing that old videos that's obviously
a very popular thing on YouTube I've
done it many times before on this
channel showing my old videos on my main
channel what I haven't done though is
ever shown you old videos from this
channel which kind of makes sense
because this is more Marcus this is like
the main channel now and I have a lot of
private of videos on there that I've
never shown anyone well I have I showed
Matt the other day and he was like I'm
worried you need to show people so here
we go excuse just whatever you see like
it's a lot Fashion Week is a lot and
it's just bit mental so just excuse my
current mess for the next week or so
bear with me okay also me being the
clever clogs didn't fully charge my
battery this morning did I nope so we're
working on one battery this is all so
much straight out I'm actually I'm
honest II am in my in my boxes right now
I literally go out bed and was like oh
yeah I need to film some videos while
some pine in my videos I'm also very
very upset as you can see I don't really
have much of a beard right now I want to
trim my beard because I've never had a
proper beard I said yeah I'm gonna trim
it put on a setting that I thought was
trimmer
set in and then the doc getting rid of
it so call grow that back again okay
here we go
are you ready I already folks ah yeah
ready
I don't know why did this this is this
is on the channel all of the lights
it's called 15,000 views private it in
my nights I become receive share their
love that those sunglasses my hair looks
a bit like it isn't it I mean come on
into classic Tom there's no denying that
what I mean want you to see Alan thing
want you to see out of their lives
oh look at those facts boy
Wow newspaper effect all four screens
now
I honestly remember doing that
thinking I was so cool in my room I was
just like this is epic I'm so talented
ha lip-syncing and also that was
recorded on photobooth literally with
the filters on photobooth
it's just awful but the sad thing is I
think I did a few of those but I don't
know why I was doing them I really have
no idea what I was doing them for why I
did upload this video to YouTube
it's called crazy double backflip yeah
you're ready for mental there's lovely
sunny shores look at me go
this is I was on holiday Oh Oh crazy
that is mental I think this is more
cringe and the first one I just showed
you so okay for another music video
it literally looks on me that champagne
showers champagne showers what the
am I doing with my life honestly
I've done stuff as well and I wondered
why people used to make fun of me at
college when they found my YouTube
that's why this is funny I'll upload
this on my second channel and called it
marks about the TV old video so before I
was doing like you know started and
proper YouTube
I used to upload videos like this so
this is even older than the stuff you've
just seen I must admit I was very very
impressed with my skills when I did this
and to be honest well let's let's watch
it before I make any comments actually
no are you ready are you ready if this
was a lot of effort back then some rehab
or maybe just need some sleep
if you look really carefully you can see
in the mirror on the background is my
naked mirror poster right naked Mariposa
naked woman posters that I was a naked
calendar so I can't believe I actually
had that I can't believe that was the
thing at that I had then it's very
embarrassing
hitting my head against the wall or did
you say that I changed that because I
I'm talking to go
so anyway like I said I'm quite
impressed with that if I'm honest you
may have your own thoughts and
reservations but I'm impressed
so many of these Lindsay Lohan goes to
jail again what was I doing
Oh God iPhone 4s video test a vlog I
really like recording and that what is
up people wow so energetic just don't
know I'm doing I just wanted to test
this iPhone because I just got the new
iPhone 4s oh my god wow you're such an
apple geek waiver but yeah I just got
the video why am i speaking like I'm
speaking as if I am like trying to
purpose he sound really cool look yeah
guys I got the new iPhone because I call
me Apple Duke away ever since I got this
and it's gonna be a little easier
because I had a blackberry and a
now for this I can do more broads when I
want my second channel so I'm gonna be
trying to do vlogs on no twice three
times a week so and if I do not remember
speaking like that so Lord I'm cool my
named mark was not oh cool it's like you
again because my main channel is more
better videos and stuff videos yeah I've
got some wicked projects coming up for
my main channel I'll tell you about I'm
sure I want an unboxing video that's
gonna be wow that is a mental Marcus an
iPhone unboxing video Wow
and you have just got some super cool
stuff come out super cool so yeah I just
wanted to vlog and chat you and that so
yeah I'd usually have something to ask
you but I don't I just did this all in
one take as well in the video I think
but yeah expect more coming from me on
this channel just stuff like this one do
I did anyone ever describe ine because
I'm just depressed sitting in my room
and yeah so write me something to
entertain me make me laugh go oh I got
those I feel I've never watched that
again I mean that was uploaded October
16 2011 so six years ago I've never seen
that since that's been posted that was a
little 19-year old me oh my god that's
my favorite funny I don't think I really
want to watch anymore so yeah there is
so many more of those privative videos
though guys if you want to see more the
sheltered content from this channel let
me know give by giving the video a
thumbs up let me know in the comments if
you want to see more because we could
definitely make it a little series but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the video
and I'm sorry I'm a bit all over the
place for the next like ten days or so
just bear with me I'm still gonna make
videos for you guys and I will see you
tomorrow ever no one alright goodbye
