hello beautiful sexy Pipo Pipo Pipo Oh
what we're going to be looking at today
is how people laugh around the world how
you know someone's laughing in the UK or
in a lot of english-speaking countries
it's like law or ha ha ha when you're
texting right but we're going to look
around the world and see if I can roll
in 13 different things that's good
each of these examples features a way of
writing laughter online the idea is can
you guess which country they came from
no way
how crazy is that like I'm looking at
that so to me that's how good is it if
you say ha ha ha that's like ha ha ha
right so the options are Korean who do
Chinese Vietnamese I don't think
Vietnamese I hope that's wrong because
you know I've been to Vietnam and that
would be a bit embarrassing I'm gonna
take rim fucking Sage's fuckin
Vietnamese ah I swear I know this yeah
yeah thank his Portuguese ah Spanish
Chloe looks like Portuguese it's bit
harsh isn't it putting both those
together like they're very similar
languages you probably already know this
one Jay and Spanish is pronounced / in
English hahaha one okay Kumiko @s future
we can cuckoo I'm gonna get zero out
unknown get zero on this I need help for
answers to hard
I think that's Norway and start smashing
stuff up in my bloody Brazil qqqr
I think that is most probably used by
Brazilian Portuguese speakers online
Portuguese speakers also use RS RS RS
and K kkkk or ot littering about of any
of these can we have like long please
what hap
that's why I reckon that is how many H
is that is like seven HS that's
definitely when you're like I mean it's
probably not but Hindi Arabic isn't it
it's bloody Arabic also written as what
Oh
Arabic doesn't write short vows so could
be read ha ha ha ha
or hoo hoo hoo or he using Kurdish as
well MDR Afrikaans Russian French polish
Scott Lee Polish French it's the
abbreviation of French more deaf ear or
dying of laughter okay sorry
French listeners Watchers viewers don't
don't hate me
that makes sense like more more deaf ear
so so far we're absolutely smashing this
guy's because we've got zero right I'm
offending people around the world right
now so ASG Welsh German Swedish Moroccan
Arabic ASG not German bloody open sore
Joe MacLeod me embarrass them could be
Welsh I'm Welsh
Swedish effect thank you ASG an
abbreviation of the Swedish phase is
golf which refers to intense laughter so
it's PewDiePie as garvin at his video
deleting his channel getting 20 million
views he's probably as golfing a lot
isn't here keke keke keke keke keke but
uh i don't even know if that's how you
pronounce and probably not it's just how
i read them like that that's gotta be
Korean come on
yes hallo bricken lujah is how you would
type backwards F which that's what I
don't know what that means sorry my
English keyboard is kind of like a
sneaker what cap cap cap ah isn't this
even the Philippines or Indonesia oh I
think is the Philippines
no pork fried beans Indonesia
yes very annoying in
yeah sorry I love you guys I love your
country stay blessed www did they just
take that from the intimate Bengali Thai
Japanese male I mean yes tires net
Japanese where I means laughter in
Japanese and wwww is popular way to
short nap there you go sighs out there
as Greek that is travel to all my Greece
viewers peace no sorry I don't mean to
offend you that piece fives just just
the number Five's Ethiopia no Thailand
entirely led to five is pronounced like
half so that's mental lwk MD or thrown
Ethiopia and again it's gotta be Theo
Pia no much area they're just teasing
you V Theo grant land they like or will
show you to ten times this translates to
laugh one kill me i swerve seen that
that's Russian that's Russian yes thanks
Stephanie just kind of like the English
law right also seeing as yeah boom yes
three out of 13 baby I'm the most
uneducated youtuber in the world
whoo if anyone else got more than that
and you didn't guess like props I would
if I had a hat it would be thrown away
is in taking my house for you sorry I
hope you guys enjoyed the video give it
thumbs we've did and I'll see you
tomorrow with another one
oh good bye hips up in the chin
