hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
video where it's going to be a quiz a
lot of fake news about like news is a
bit like YouTube where news like to use
clickbait but softer not worse than you
too because the news media like to lie
and just chat basically so we're
gonna test our fake news detector on
this quiz so when you guys spread on
with me okay to model Adriana Lima said
it's flattering knowing men desire me
for them I remember a man who would also
have sex with a McChicken so don't let
it get to my head
like the first bit it's flattering
knowing men desire her like I can
imagine her saying that but then I
remember a man would also have sex with
a chicken um that's gotta be fake
yes hey oh oh
so it was actually the other way round
like a man actually did have sex with
him a chicken is real okay whatever
tickles your fancy Muslims want to ban
the kids cartoon Peppa pig's if it is
real it's a bit of a generalized
generalization right I can't be real
fake widely quoted in the full story
said today is the first time I came to
know of the program no matter if I was
ice on a roll time got in on the
subnormal subliminal messaging game by
giving Donald Trump horns and putting
him in a similar pose to Hitler's while
naming him personal beer it's crazy
isn't it
seeing those two people next to each
others a little bit scarier than that
whereas horns Oh game by giving Donald
Trump horns I still can't see the homes
I'm gonna say real though Oh fake the
Hitler cover is from eight points for
which is an issue in which he was named
personally year a school has been
handing out doughnuts with Muslim
writing on it why why is that like it
why is that news if it I think that's
very real is everything just fake the
writing is actually a tribute to Lord of
the Rings it's all Kitsch for one ring
to rule them all one ring to find them
one ring to bring them so was that was a
language actually created for Lord of
the Rings then is that what that's
saying if that was us a lot of effort
Pope Francis
Publishing harmful stories or leaking
documents is a sin in his eyes that's
gotta be real hey we got one right a and
it's real first real one Pope had a lot
to say about fate news adding that if
the unseen information already is
important spreading it is a sin and it's
harmful with your Mountain Pope spread
positivity people shared the love and
smile Denzel Washington says mainstream
media spreads real yeah you
like a lot of people speak out that I've
spoke out about this like don't get me
wrong there is some important great news
out there but there's just a lot of
like a lot of it and it's just
frustrating because when you read
something from these huge companies
posting like you can only read a
headline and then that is what people
assume with what the subject is they're
talking about like they don't just when
they've seen that headline when they're
out in the streets if they see hear
someone else talking about they'll go oh
yeah yeah I read that too and it's like
everyone's just sharing
basically but essentially at the end of
the day like yeah that's what's
frustrating about it an airplane full of
Raiders fans drink an airplane bar dry
I'm gonna say yeah real boom according
to SB nation Raiders fans making
three-hour trip drank all the alcohol on
their plane you little nutters you
absolute crazy little cats you're you
Rascals
you got five out seven right not not
terrible that says pretty good five out
of seven excuse me BuzzFeed
cheeky little shits if there's a moral
to this story guys probably already know
it don't believe everything you read
take an open mind and defense have an
opinion and find your resources before
believing everything you read but
believe everything I say because on the
legend and you should because I'm
amazing
cool good give the video a thumbs up see
you tomorrow Vaughn love you guys bye
