hey what's going on beautiful sexy
people it's me Marcus Butler back with
the crazy hair I look like I look like
the we toes the guy off the we toes the
crazy scientist guy those glasses like
it
but we're just rolling with it for now
all right so let's just Pat it for two
days let's see how I'm gonna happen for
oh so today is an exciting tasting video
where we are trying a cronut now when
someone first said to me John Kronus I'm
like now but then I realized what is
it's a croissant and a donut isn't it
and these are world-famous apparently
from below we have got it here from home
of home of the cronut it's just the
beginning
don't let the creation killed creativity
Dominique Ansel bakery London yeah
creators might want just looks like that
though not very cute here we go
this off three two one
one fault
almond oh wow that is sensational look
at the layers live very bearable for the
lab oh my husband Bob yes phenomenal
so what flate I don't know flavor that
was those just okay we got another one
to try this little thing like I'm so
confused
lifts a lot I don't know what we have
we've clearly got some this is the
croissant layer and this the donor it's
just amazing isn't it what not far
enough one awful very rich I know some
people would love this but it's got
something any that I'm not found I can't
figure out what it is but that first one
was like oh oh okay I'm very full so why
is this
rather my ribs I want to eat this okay
so this is Welsh rarebit huge
don't know what exactly this is so I
mean it's melted the de croissant part
smells nice
well our cheese like stuck on top 3 2 1
3 2 1
I rate that cheese is very nice save
this is savory not sweet very copy very
tasty though so cool how it's like a
croissant doughnut boom boom boom boom
boom
I've lost my cronut virginity yeah my
mind is a little bit blown off those so
maybe yours is too have you tried a
cronut have you bought cronuts where you
are in the world let me know but I hope
you enjoyed this video give a big thumbs
up and see you tomorrow of another one
alright yes baby
