what's going on beautiful sexy people
welcome to a Christmas more mark this
video today we're playing guess the
Christmas song challenge matt is over
here he's gonna be playing some
Christmas songs
I see how quick I can get it if I know
the name of song the artists etc etc I
think I'm gonna be quite good at this
because just got good vibes about it you
know although actually that's a liar I
think I'm gonna be really good at
knowing the song and sing the song but
actually getting the artist and the name
of the song probably not so good so
we're going to go in three two one one
last Christmas I'm fake Christmas killer
so do you know the words
you gave it away it's going to look a
lot like wrists and that no rocking
around I'm dreaming more although white
Christmas
Barry White
I don't know then Crosby ah yeah Oh
Coldplay Christmas lights a beautiful
song I'm gonna learn some camera I did
odd yeah oh yeah few release wasn't that
cool to be fair Chris
Sam Smith I knew straight away I just
didn't wanna say
his voice is like a sense of candle the
Christmas Day Christmas Christmas yeah
have yourself a merry christmas I'm
pretty sure I said that I love this song
I don't know if I know the song baby
it's harvest phototype it's a cover
Jessica Simpson and on in clay she is
enjoy baby
it's a cover famous one I've never heard
this one
where Charles much better oh yeah when
alternate confidence doesn't guess the
Christmas song proper plays come to town
Princeton you don't like my singing my
mom always told me my mom she thinks
I've got good singing voice all the
Christmas is you yeah thanks I say well
can you pay just to be mistletoe please
I just got it's like can you use to
search him it's the most beautiful time
of the year I think I can sing when it
slows by that I can do when I
concentrate and I focus okay it is
amazing
I can't sing my hand saw Slade it's not
a wizard huh Oh pool partner Joe Menon
yeah something nice that's it
so this is Christmas
jingle bell jingle bell Jingle Bell Rock
jingle aquifer the mini gas one yeah but
that's special one you're the DJ
requesting songs children pain you go
wait for little love and understanding
merry Christmas everyone there we go
that rounds up gets the Christmas song /
have a sing-along to Christmas music hey
happy holidays Merry Christmas give the
video a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow of another one all right let me
guys bye
