hello beautiful sexy people and welcome
to all we need we need to set the mood I
on on oh there we go
welcome welcome welcome welcome to a
conspiracy theories video Marcus one of
the most requested videos to do on the
conspiracy theories from the last one
was the Mandela effect so lo and behold
welcome to conspiracy theories video on
the Mandela effect so if you're confused
about what the Mandela effect is it is
where group of people miss they all miss
remember an event or a story like the
fact of how something happened as a
group like yeah so for example there was
a large group of people who all who
misremembered things and they thought
the Nelson Mandela died before he'd
actually died and yeah let's get into it
so it was created by this woman called
Fiona Broome and it came from the fact
where she was also when these people or
she believed and it was wrong that
Nelson Mandela died in prison in 1980s
she was one of these people and was like
hang on a minute where I getting this
information from but with her it wasn't
like when you think oh yeah that person
must have died because just haven't
heard about them for a long time
like she actually could remember news
outlets and media coverage of his death
which is obviously that's something
completely different so Bruton created
Mandela effect calm and she quickly
realized that there are hundreds of
thousands of other people who shared
this weirdness of remembering
information that's based off of lies but
something that seems so true to you
so the conspiracy with this is that a
lot of people put it down to to do a
time travel in the quantum ripple which
changes history and has sci-fi crazy
alternatives for these an example and
I'm reading this now the show isn't
called Sex in the City
whereas to me is is called sexing see
like that's what I know the show is
that's why I would say the show is
called it's Sex and the City
they see the difference are not sex in
the cities it's actually good Sex and
the City and some people have even
posted pictures of old memorabilia
that they have with it saying Sex in the
City
it's the same with another example is we
are the champions by Queen apparently
and differently to how many people
recall ending see if you know the time
we are the champions we that you know
something yeah so many people believe
the song finishes like this no time for
losers cause we are the champions of the
world guess what doesn't end with off
the world but tons of people think it
says this I don't listen to
of the word I definitely thought we said
that that's weird isn't it because you
feel like you've heard that yeah I feel
like I've heard that somewhere
Darth Vader doesn't say Luke I am your
father
hang on a minute apparently well he
doesn't actually say Luke I am your
father
it's actually no I am your father so it
seems to be things that are like one
little changing word of it if one little
word is switched so as this just
misremembered famous movie line that has
been passed through generations and
people are still getting it wrong or
it's something more scientifical and
weird behind it hmm do you think
life isn't like a box of chocolates my
mama always told me that life was like
about box of chocolates well we're we're
good well I just said that a night but
apparently it's not that it's life was
lack of box of chocolates my mama always
told me that laugh was lack of box
chocolates not life is like a box of
chocolates even in the YouTube title
it's called life is like a box and does
life was like a box why is everyone
known as life is like a box chocolates
hey
what is the reason and also another
example we're gonna leave on is the
Queen in Snow White never said mirror
mirror on the wall who's the fairest of
them all
that's why was she saying said there's a
quick learners magic mirror on the wall
magic mirror on the wall some people
from the second pod quit saying who's
the fairest of mobile pioneers who is
the fairest one of all I don't I don't
even know I said now and we'll confuse
its old man their effects got me going
crazy let's break it down here's my
theories the examples that we've used in
this video to me doesn't seem weird they
are some somewhere little lines one word
has been changed in these examples like
one word and I believe that these are
things that have just over time that's
how people remember them from the
and then that gets passed on past my
partner passed on and maybe it's even
like they sound like mirror mirror on
the wall sounds better than magic mirror
on the wall like if you're making this
rhyme up like mirror mirror on the wall
who's the fairest of them all it's
better than magic mirror on the wall who
is the fairest one of all
you know so it's like cuz this sounds
more rhyme abou I don't know yeah I'm
not that low yeah those are those are my
thoughts on it it is weird like the
Queen one was weird like why do you
think that like why does everyone think
that ends like that and in the box of
chocolates but it's just one little word
so I don't know opening up to you guys
would you think what do you know do you
know more than me yeah CheY fills in the
comments hope you liked the video give
it a thumbs up if you did and you want
more conspiracies tell me what I should
do and I will see you tomorrow another
video
all right uh be good
