I was going on beautiful sexy people
welcome to a video where we are reacting
and looking at photos taken right before
disastrous moments Oh scary
these look like normal pictures what
happened after they were taken is
shocking so what we got here
the mayor of st. Louis st. Louis st.
Louis sits alongside other politicians
before fatal test flight on a military
glider in 1943
so which people died so that scares me
plane crashes blah but hey isn't
traveling in a plane safe and then
traveling in a car thing that's affect
my inger and sekirin erster in the first
outbreak of a boat I didn't know a boat
first half rose 1976 with two of her
colleagues just a few days before she
Sutton to the right to the virus the
polar man like these are like actual but
you know fatal photos when we've done
them before it's like before disaster
about it's like someone's got hit in the
face this is like actual real-life
disasters ah man that Concorde flight
taking off as its as quote far as it's
taking off what can you do in that
situation like if do you know like a you
just like oh okay we're screwed like the
plane is gonna blow up or can you just
keel and it and then you're fine I don't
know ah alright people Walker gangs car
and then yeah he had a car crashed and
he it was going too fast and then didn't
hit hit like a lamppost and there's
loads of conspiracy theories about that
lost a talented actor are executing a
traitor behind German lines in 1944 I
just can't picture these scenes like how
when I was in Vietnam and round a museum
looking at photo like photos from the
Vietnam War and like how if the country
now was like yeah we go to war everyone
needs to fight I just don't know if I
get how can you learn to then just you
know killing people is what you then
just have to do Johnny Cash's final
performance
does look hold their blessing William
Dave Sanders Saunders was a teacher at
Columbine High School he warned students
in the cafeteria that shooting was
happening saving hundreds of lives did
he die yeah because he was a TR I mean
stories like that so but he put his life
at risk or lost his life saving hundreds
of other kids like final image of the
Pacific Southwest Airlines flight 182 it
collided with another aircraft sandy oh
wow
cuz I've starts to get a little bit
freaked out recently like on I fly like
fair bet um I've well I'm looking at
them in and have seen planes other
planes in the sky and I'm like alright
that's weird
I've always thought the sky is so big
and it's not like there's obviously no
many as many planes are there I was
there cause the last picture of the
Titanic afloat
it's weird a musician noticing start of
a fire that would kill a hundred people
the station nightclub in Rhode Island
that's so Savage I just nothing you can
do like nothing you can do wrap up
notorious b.i.g leaving a five minutes
for his killed in a drive-by shooting
did not know he was with P did he just
was he holding a gun or his like his
jacket I'm really confused
I was stick yeah man notorious notorious
yeah didn't knows with P Diddy literally
literally just before happened sad Joe
Kelly with his two sons at Yankee
Stadium one september attempt he hasn't
won kelly i killed the next day during
the attacks on the Twin Towers yeah
wonder how those kids are doing now like
how people were affected from that and
oh it's horrible
this is put put paper down on the mall
Marcus made this video sovery 1961 u.s.
figure skating team posing for photo
before that for their flight the world
Fisk and Belgium the plane crash while
attempting to land why does it seem to
be like with plane crashes there's often
sports teams like the are in fatal plane
crashes I don't know if it's just
because that makes the headlines and
stuff of that but it's a bit odd I don't
know
picture recovered from the crash of a
Japanese airflow one two three which
shows the cabin before charity shop all
for 509 people on board that's crazy and
you can see everyone's like yeah got the
glass moths out on that's horrible
milori and Sandy and then mount every
space time 924 knew who came down from
the mountain alive climbing Everest back
then as well Everest is hard enough to
climb let alone back then when clothing
equipment technology was nowhere near
what it's look at the oxygen tank on his
back family picture on their dream
vacation after the shot of the plane
yeah was shot down over Ukraine horrible
fellow picture getting like worse and
worse moment hot-air balloon in New
Zealand stuck several powerlines and
caught fire lemon people on board died
like you can't unless you you are in
that situation you can put yourself in
someone's shoes to even know what that
thought would be like our final pic
image of Robin Williams posing as a fan
or an absolute Talent the world lost
with Robin Williams I've seen this
pictures so famous James Dean a gas
station before we crashed his car James
Dean was just like this global sex icon
wasn't he like that way they sex icon
right now he was just a crazy icon
Robert Ulrich was jet skiing I've known
before to raise awareness for the
homeless he felt his death when his
parachute fell to open that is very like
deep video I feel but I just like to
leave it on this note at the end which
I've just read which i think is very
true so I'm going to read it to you
which is if you take anything away from
these photos it should be the knowledge
that while death is certain its timing
is not it's become a cliche these days
but that doesn't make it any less true
always live your life to the fullest
death will come no matter what you do if
we all end up the same in the end
then it's the journey that matters not
the destination is very true like I do
you know death scares the out of me
but it's going to happen to every
everyone at some point go and live your
life to the fullest
yeah whoo brofist BAM not like PewDiePie
just you know
well then feel weird taking hope you
like the video but yeah
okay I'll see you tomorrow goodbye
