hello beautiful sexy people got samurai
and fun are you gonna say
like my hair first things first I know
what you know my hair okay my hair is
like some kind of gray thing going on
it's just a spray in from a couple of
days ago I haven't washed it yet so yeah
we're just rocking with it I haven't
washed my hair in like a week so it just
looks awful right now but I don't really
care so to get into the Christmas spirit
the Christmas vibes I thought what we do
is we would try McDonald's Christmas
food I didn't even know this was a thing
I didn't know Madonna Christmas food so
we've got a selection of things here and
we're just gonna try all basic please
cool so we're going to jump straight
into it first we've got the spicy
chicken winter melt what what makes it
wintery boil a cranberry sauce or
something I hate crime resort here yeah
do you like it baby
no this is what we're working with so
have a go shall we
Oh works by Cher
put a little bit more salsa no slacking
a little bit of wetness you know I would
rate that six out of ten next up we've
got festive cheese feast enjoy some
festive indulgence treat your taste buds
this season the festive cheese feast or
100% British and Irish beef burger
beechwood smoked bacon cheese seasoned
grow onions ketchup lettuce and a rich
cheese sauce what's different to the
other buns all that fun does look nice
nice Alabama one love a pair of buns it
smells good looks good so have a bite of
this not finally cheese too cheesy for
me the brick cheese the other night is
going great this very dry very dry
all these feast sounds healthy it's very
dry rotten hey you throwing a few - so
four out of ten maybe even a three tell
me what the drink is please drink
biggest cookie something spiced cookie
something spine spiced cookie latte yes
spice cookie the hot what I guess but
I'm just not about sweet coffee you know
here we go
it looks you can't really see it looks
like gone off T already sure about that
also doesn't help this lukewarm now so
lukewarm coffee yeah I wasn't too much
of a fan on the flavor of this one I'm
hoping I'm gonna really really enjoy
this so this is the chocolaty banoffee
pie is there a description and I hadn't
needed to script one more descriptive
doesn't either chocolatey panoply port I
do like all that packaging like little
Christmas acting but it does that
thought banoffee pilot was like so it's
a sausage roll that's what the normal
apple-pie ah okay I mean sense then here
we go
I got this here is my night plate
not very good oh very good oh yeah that
for nine hours mmm yeah I would rate
that nine out of ten and that rounds up
the McDonald's festive tasting video
whoa yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
with another one alright see you then
bye
