pull intro to the vlog what's up I'm at
the gleam Christmas party so I thought
hey why blog been doing a couple of
books Lucy so here's another vlog Oh
vlogging on the phone again so sorry for
that
sorry for that I've also had a couple of
drinks sorry for that whoa who's almost
don't say that no didn't think so
anyway welcome to the room I literally
decided to vlog lost my knife just
showered so we had a big Christmas
dinner and then everyone's had a couple
of drinks and now we're just showering
yet ready I'm in a room with Joseph so
who's not here right now I don't think
he's gonna shower cuz it's a tacit oh
shit someone say that we're basically in
this all this lines better is now no
bacon is really crazy house in the
middle of nowhere
she's also I think a little bit haunted
so I was like that's why I wanna vlog
the bathroom switch Oh hasn't whoo holy
water look so you're about to ring up
bring about doesn't have actually Oh
lights out
ah and this the room the girls single
beds it really got a single beds that's
my bed that's Joe's bed okay you know
the creepiest thing is that's the window
yeah that's a bench just chillin doesn't
that look fucking creepy you're just
waiting for a little girl to pee again
guys anyway oh look at that lighting so
arty I'm gonna go join the party
downstairs and see what it's all about
whoo and then go out you're fucking Bob
lookin at you bro Bob wait for someone
to jump down to the line I lived in
South Carolina and next to the creepy
lady rule there is mine where's creepy
Martha that's one cool huh
I'll see you boy honestly a boy
it's loads of creepy mirrors everywhere
really creaky stairs you ready but now
it's just not creepy music another
mirror some more holy water also have my
nuts tears yet just realize that this
happened really just my fly's open
mmm-hmm fly's open Casper you're the
talent me sing Casper
yeah anybody man
you guys win
No
Oh
Oh
Oh
I just want you back for good
watch your back watch your back watching
back for good oh wow cool guys really
funny ha-ha ha-ha-ha so the whole night
since that I remember I was like marks a
senior about to be senior room gone Leon
come a room into a penis I bet his boys
jizz
