hello beautiful sexy beep oh we're
finding out today how much of an awkward
person are you I'm not that awkward I'd
like to think although I hate small talk
so I become very awkward when it's like
small talk
other than that I don't think I'm that
awkward let's find out check off all
that apply within the last 30 days have
you had no come back to an insult no I
can think of mutually quite good we've
come backs made eye contact through a
bar from stool how'd you make eye
contact through is that a stool I mean
that's obvious American so from a
cubicle is that when you're like you've
got a hole the little line and you see
someone haven't had that told a joke and
forgot the punch line halfway through
not really a joke but I've had it when
like I hate we wake up you know wow I
had a really funny dream and you start
telling it and then you're like actually
this isn't really very funny that's
happened to me the last eight days but
obviously not pushed on the pool door do
that every single day every single day
pulled on a push door every single day
waves at someone who you thought you
knew but did them yeah that happened I
was having lunch the other day I was sat
there at window see someone's walking
pots on the street in there like I was
like ah ah hi obviously the person who
works there standing behind me isn't it
told a waiter you two up they said enjoy
your meal mmm have I done that in the
last I've definitely done that before
don't put them in the last 30 days so
hug something for a little too long mmm
probably but I've also been the person
who's like let go and the other person
hasn't in your life forgot the names of
something you just met if there was one
thing I wish I could improve on in my
life it would be this because it happens
far too much you will enjoy room and
it's a hi I'm John hi I'm Bob hi I'm
mark and you're like five minutes a I'm
like I bleed common warm person's name
when people are saying their names to me
it just doesn't just yeah I'm really
about it wrote about tip about a bow tit
instead of about it nope watch movie
with your parents that had set that had
a sex scene mmm
not much onions obviously happen just
not in the last 30 days tripped up the
stairs everything
de tripped over your own fee every
single day tripped over nothing every
single day you guys know on the very
clumsy person when it comes to my like
body movements I drop things a lot and I
trip over a lot of things fallen asleep
in an inappropriate place I'm not
usually one who come for I'm really jazz
for those people who can just sleep
anyway I get on a plane and you can just
lay asleep in the Alfa does it all the
time sees in the weirdest positions
where you can just sleep anywhere I wish
I could do that left the bar from with
the toilet paper clean to part of you
how do you do that if you're talking
about public bar from maybe I've had
that waitress lecture foot not in the
last 30 days though had a child make fun
of you
nope thoughts on was asking a question
but realized they were just talking on a
blue talking on a Bluetooth that sounds
so old-school
do people still do that I it became the
thing like five years ago runs little
Bluetooth headsets but I swear no one
really does that anymore had people sing
happy birthday while you were forced to
sit there like has been wet in the last
eight days is my birthday in the next 30
days though make sure you remember that
because I want some presents called the
wrong person mum walked into a glass
door slash window yeah last 30 days no
no no enter awkwardly side hugged a
person what's a side hug like a huh I
love you
probably yeah had your stomach growled
in a silent room every single day he had
to attempt conversation with a dentist
while they had their hand in your mouth
yeah I've actually in the last 30 days
said something you thought was funny
then realized no one was laughing again
it's like the dream scenario when you
sit there in a start you tell this story
things really funny it just frustrates
me because it is a funny story but
sometimes you just can't explain that
and it's really hard to explain how
funny it was and you always just end it
with no you had to be there as how funny
it was seeing someone you know in the
grocery store and then seen them in the
next aisle and the next aisle in the
next aisle
no made eye contact with a couple
sucking face in public
no done something weirdly sexual and
accidently made
type of song ya know that I'll say
today's but yeah of course talk to
someone in the bathroom no accidentally
rubbed hand while walking next to
someone yeah I've done that not with
anyone like completely random like done
that with Matt when we were just walking
on oh that was yeah that was nearly a
hand touch there said hello to someone
but they didn't hear you and kept
walking
I never say hello I kind of start with
like their name I had it on a plane
actually I was on a plane like how many
seats behind as I maybe like four rows
behind the person I need to speak to
finger what's going on with Alex I was
just like Alex
you hope they hit they don't Alex a
couple of you Salah can you like right
one more time got to go for it if she
doesn't look is really embarrassing Alex
doesn't look everyone else looks at your
life I had to smile and say yeah after
not hearing what someone said she yeah
you then realize they are asking a
question because they're like I what why
have you said yeah showed up way before
your friends to move your restaurant you
know had to make small talk with the
person giving you a haircut I like my
hairdresser when when ice had a complete
breakdown Mars right nope said these
words what a party
no gotten stuck in something no had to
go on a long walk with someone you only
kind of know nope had your friend leave
the room and leave you with their other
friend so these are so detailed I'm
trying to analyze my past 30 days like
in so much detail with this had no idea
what to do go on talking yeah it's
usually in summer though like when
you've got coat like cords put my hands
like in the coat pocket when you're just
a t-shirt on my oh my hands are funny on
me it's about food in someone's face
yeah
how difficult you trying to figure out
yes which eye to look at on a person I'm
midway through conversation sometimes
like wow they they notice I'm only
looking into one of their eyes or should
I now look between both their eyes
walked in a violent action try to turn
around or paint it cool yeah it's like
you stop and you like you think but you
you really should go nowhere and you
stop and you like right be really
looking at me so I'm gonna make it look
like I'm thinking
should I should I go um yeah all right
I'll be okay I'm gonna probably laughed
out loud to the point where everyone
stared at you yeah
accidentally worn the same outfit
someone else mmm
or someone first or for a different size
and realize they didn't work that no but
someone asked me that this month in the
last eight days confused a fist bump of
a high-five no confuse a handshape with
a hug yeah a lot of time you like I lied
yet and you just end up hugging sent a
text the wrong person yes exactly swung
your hand in someone's crotch while
walking next to them
no that's an accent while riding public
transportation yeah you know yeah
literally just existed no show me my
results
you checked 24 out 62 on this list
you're pretty awkward hey life is
embarrassing and you know it what is
life without those precious awkward
moments anyways mum oh I just
called you mum haha
there we go we found out I'm a little
bit awkward which is kind of what I said
are you an awkward person though let me
know I hope you enjoyed the video give
it a thumbs up if you did and I'll see
you tomorrow moving on goodbye
