hello beautiful takes people welcome to
the kitchen welcome to deep fry today's
episode we're going to be deep frying
Nando's or one doll that's gonna be like
we have got a chicken peri-peri chicken
wrap we've got a quarter chicken and
we've got some chips what do you think
you had all of these haven't you what do
you think it's gonna be the best and
what's gonna be the worst I feel I don't
know I feel chickens gonna be weird it's
gonna be hard to do a chicken wing or
chicken so what have you got in that pan
yeah the secret mix oh it's a secret
yeah that's like saying you know go to
the cope factoring going oh well seem to
mix it's a secret thing that they don't
share isn't it
same of this my secret ingredient right
you ready about on this that's a good
question actually has the batter
improved it or not oh yeah more it's
stuck so worried we tend to have on this
channel
don't care see hey pan out she go
rotation I mean that's good to come out
to illness mm-hmm no oh yeah the master
knows mock deep fried master we're gonna
get the old big lump lump out
looks like a corn on the cob
just a lot unhealthier right nan knows
for this video I would like a black card
please
there you go mate just looks like fish
and chips there's nothing but the lemon
there as well right the next item we are
going for we're going for a chicken wing
get involved swirl in there yeah it's
what gloopy is good love a big loop oh
my legs disgusting oh you ready
oh that's a fascist stuck wait a min
we're essentially making KFC right now
love fried chicken
oh hi I'm fine check-in Fortson the
chicken wing not buzzing happy ever been
buzzing for something on deep fried
chocolate stuff tastes good Chava
selfies
when it goes all melty yeah maybe their
chicken will go melty in the middle
Salmonella all right now it's ready
Jerome yeah thanks very sad KFC and
finalized and we wanted to do it
mix-and-match we've got a soggy
peri-peri chip
no one likes cold chips do they Matt's
already had a little little snack all
right this should be quite easy oh no I
remember chips really deep fried on that
yeah just like a double whammy I mean
there's gonna be a lot of hate in the
comments last one split why because they
didn't like it when it's really deep
fried why I don't know don't be mean
guys what we delicate with these little
things get our finger finger looking
good there we go
get that bear fair all right in you go
oh don't sing just blow yes yes happy
with that that's like a little snake
Eric that's bit sad doesn't it lonely so
let that needs a bit quite a bit on it's
so sad it's properly in front a
McDonald's do it thunder sticks
Oh mmm wrap Oh
I mean to be honest we can't really cut
the others can we cut the chit hasn't
really set yet so they even wrap that's
amazing
what sauce did you get inside
immediately all right first up we've got
the wrap
what do you think of the smell oh I love
baseball yeah love and ambition I get
double chicken and haru-nyan the lecar
they go of it is sake and we're gonna
taste amazing tastes exactly like the
rap just bit crispier the lettuce was
less it shouldn't be deep-fried sure
they're made up of you haven't made up
right yeah to be there it kind of
works I mean if the batter was no
seasoned with salt and we did it
properly
that's what KFC's popular I wonder what
their deep fried chips gonna taste like
that last but not least we've got
all that just looks wrong doesn't it
I felt like we've done this so well with
the amount of oil though you know not
much oil seeping through oh yeah
is the chip warm now yeah I like that
it's like an extra-thick chip that's why
ah there we go that rounds up nan knows
it was actually surprisingly I think
everything tastes so good which is the
first time we've ever had that so hope
you guys enjoyed it make sure to give
the video a big thumbs up subscribe if
you're new I have another video pain
