hello beautiful sexy people welcome
actually I'm just going to remove my
chewing gum maybe you'll like this sound
sorry
after reading comments on my conspiracy
theory videos where I have a slight
change of voice the amount of comments
are like you should do ASMR react to
ASMR Bravo blah I have no idea what this
is I have some idea but I don't really
know anything about it I just know it's
some kind of pleasuring sound in your
ears so some of you were like your voice
Marcus is so pleasuring to listen to
whilst speaking I don't know I'm now
talking like this to try and make my
voice sound pleasuring maybe it does
maybe yeah anyway I've got some videos
here and I'm just gonna watch them and
see what happens basically never seen
anything like this before starting
but don't really understand
switching things this dish duh it's just
not doing anything for me
this little video clip of squishing
things oh it's making me feel funny I
can't watch that that's the sound and
actions make me feel funny I don't like
that alright it's the light that texture
of sounds a bit like a chalky nail board
now it's on a short board this slime
thing is weird
can we just stop the slide that's ones
at 10:52 let's see what they think the
best one is
this is we I just don't I don't get it
it's my 10 triggers to help you sleep oh
it's me oh my god that's weird
darling that is weird thank you guys
which we need today um I'm very excited
about this okay sirs just for you to
help you fall asleep tell you what
someone's let in my head this isn't
relaxing or I get started I wanted to
give a little shout out to one of my
good friends his name is Matt ha and he
has a youtube it's like someone's coming
into the microphone it's like hello my
name is Marcus and I hope my voice is
nice and soothing for you to listen to
how about my teeth do they look nice up
this class probably not I probably sound
really creepy right now brushing
the mic 120
I love the way this feels she sounds
creepy
tapping plastic container this plastic
container doesn't do anything for me I
start whispering that's what gets me
going not in that kind of way whoa whoa
whoa I got this vase that was on
vacation with my family in Nigeria and
painted there's only the speaking that's
sticky tape sounds oh yeah quite like
that or that's quite good I so weird
yeah the tape I'm a fan of tape taping
mason jar no Lou the tape on her face Oh
tapping that doesn't do that playing one
playing with water or oh it's the
whispering I don't know what is that
this whispering like that that's weird I
like it playing with matches
oh I think I like quite like that
the and I don't like that all that's
like a chalkboard thing like go away
haircut just whispering really gets me
it just makes me like want like do this
but no I like part of me enjoys it the
whispering but then the rest means like
it's just a bit creepy but yeah what do
you guys think of it to some of you
might love it some of you might hate it
something you might have tried it so
please share your thoughts in the
comment section and I will see tomorrow
even on video all right love you guys
sit at bay
