hey hello beautiful sexy people welcome
to a listen series we're going to call
it listen from now on I think which is
you guys know my monthly music
suggestions for your ears but I had a
note which ange of thought rather than
just every month showing you like my
five favorite new songs that I find
maybe I can mix up a bit and start
sharing like different emotions for
music you know because music you listen
to music for whatever emotion like music
can make you feel emotions so I create a
place the other day called feels that
let you just feels and there's songs
that make you feel something so I'm just
gonna play something to you yeah this
first song it's a little bit naughty
it's called buck but it's got things in
it you know ash Teresa's by the code
it's like this throughout the whole of
the song but yes bit of a sexual song
baby yeah if you're feeling a little bit
looking for a little bit of romance that
could be a song to to next song is by
Barcelona now I this is quite an old
song like a couple years old
it's called fall in love and if you've
listened to my total trio playlist you
may have heard it it's just a beautiful
song so the voice is amazing
I want you for so even if you're fine
I love that song a lot possibly the
strangest name I've heard of an artist
the song is called do we the artist is
FWD SLX Sh
is that like forward slash just like
takes like a while to get to the drop
but I wanna play but like the the scream
the album artwork is like peering
through a window and I feel like
just you could sit and think about
anything this song song it's a very good
one again some of you may have heard
this song by Lapsley super talented girl
think she's from the UK but I have her
name sounded like Finnish or
Scandinavian I just called her at me now
it's an amazing original song but the
other day she covered it live in Spotify
in London and it just sounds incredibly
it sounds so raw and I feel feelings you
know I love the song
let's grab cusan systems that song yeah
it's a really good song and the last
time sang with you is all I want by
Stone Fox
sometimes when the Sun sets a few loans
sometimes I feel at home this time
tonight I mean so feel weird with this
cuz I'm it's not not seed so I'm just
like chill what she disappeared
tonight all those things you've never
said I'm on the last train home
Oh
so yeah that was maybe a little bit more
like down and chilled than some of the
other stuff but that is a playlist
there's not how many songs than that
about 15 that it's just like I said it's
emotions
it feels so maybe you'll relate to a lot
of those songs in there so go check that
playlist out and also if you want me to
do more mood like it's like I could do
five good songs for working out or five
good songs for having people around or
you know let me know if you want me to
do kind of more moody vibes and yeah
other than that I will see you tomorrow
over another video so give a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow BAE
