hello beautiful sexy people you guys
jump straight in with today's video
can you guess your age with a bunch of
intense questions you know one of these
weird videos when it's like they ask you
these funny questions and then they're
be really really weirdly accurate yeah
it's one if you had a different name
would you be a different person
no no no sorry I dunno why it took me so
long to think about that what are your
options
yes know who can say I don't know I hope
not this is a dumb question this is a
dumb question because your name doesn't
summons who you are like who you are
it's like a person your eyes dependant
on your personality and your
characteristics being called something
doesn't affect that would you be
embarrassed if everyone knew how much
money you have would you be embarrassed
yes
no I would lose my mind I don't really I
don't really care I hope this never
happens this question isn't every
question this is annoying this is this
is long before this is a dumb question I
would lose my mind
would you be embarrassed like this
question is annoying I think anyone's
gonna say yes please question oh that
was our intense questions feel like this
is like you to balance the our house
your desire to have sex ever led you to
make a bad decision
what kind of question is that is that
kind of what bad decision can you have
other than having sex with someone who
doesn't want to on a bad just our I'm so
confused by this
what like oh I'm going to work but
I'm so horny I need need a quickie and
then you're late to work I'm going on
that last option why am I telling you
this
this is too intrusive are you very
concerned about germs
yes I'm concerned in the sense that if
someone's like coughing and splatting
next me I'm a bit like or I might sit
there and be like you can just be the
difference there we go Thanks in terms
of those germs I'm very very I'm not
that I'm quite tidy for a boy like um
I'm quite tidy would you say I'm tidy
would you say employed but average I'm
not yeah but I'm not I'm not messy
yes I'm average but I'm very clean would
you sound very clean clean free I am
concerned about germs
do you often tell people you are too
busy to do things when you are not yes
no I'm always busy once or twice oh not
only and also would to be honest I am I
am that I am a busy person
and that's not just someone I'm so busy
so I am a lot of the time busy is it
important to you that other people
perceive you as being friendly is it
important these questions this very deep
partly like you could go into the like
underlying things of these is it
important to you that other people
perceive you as being friendly to be
honest no like if it's someone I wanted
to set a good impression to you know
like you're meeting someone first time
and you know I'd you know I want this
person see the best side of me then yeah
not friendly though I don't know to be
able to think I'm quite a friendly
person no not really
do you feel like you repress your
sexuality in order to please others no
I'm very what's about a very not
confident would you always say I'm in
touch no not in touch losing hear and
comfortable my sexuality that's why I
like ya not know when you're around
other people do you ever mimic their
mannerisms and speech patterns yes to a
certain extent
I feel like naturally whoever you are
wherever you are you can pick up on
these things so if you hang around with
a friend who says like I don't know you
definitely pick up on other people's man
rooms if you mannerisms if you spend a
lot of time in them I'm a strong
believer of that do you feel like you
can be a decisive person to be honest no
because I'm quite laid-back so whenever
it comes to decision makings like when
it's oh oh should we do this or should
we do that I'm always like I don't mind
do you get anxious whenever your daily
routine must change not at all my daily
routine is like very very varied I've
had situations when I've been sat
literally here and it's like oh you need
to go
la tomorrow alright okay cool so
everything got planned this week and
then Baba I think I've had because of
this job I've learned to kind of deal
with that whereas like if I'm telling my
mum that something that you're not
stressed about that I'm like well why
can I be stressed that it's nothing I
can do about it I don't feel I do gang
Jeff do you feel confident that you
could sexually please any partner yes I
do
of course I do um you know again I'm
confident in myself I'm confident in my
well let this is weird this is weird
I don't need to stop laughing
what do you ever fantasize about what
people will say about you after you die
no I just hope it's not this questions
awful the answer for me isn't but I've
just never never never sat on one
thought this person will say that when
I'm dead it's a bit morbid and also I
don't really care like I'm gone can we
get your age from a bunch of intense
questions you got 40 so who how reading
the comments 73 I'm eighteen although
it's not the first time I meant old have
an old so well I'm I'm an old
apparently so yeah
sixteen years older than I yeah but I'll
be 16 years old row 60 short scares me
sixteen years I'll be 40 I'll have like
thinking about that being 40 think about
being 40 well on that nice no guys I
don't think I'm 40 I think I I think it
can be very mature and also immature
nice balance anyway I hope you enjoyed
the video if you did give it a thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow move another
one all right
