hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
an insightful video today where you're
going to get a little bit of information
we're gonna be looking at the most
secretive forbidden places you can go in
the entire world we can talk about them
look it's pictures and just think about
going to these places and would be able
to go to them so let's begin all right
first up we've got a place called snake
island snake island this place this
island has over 4,000 of the world's
deadliest snakes with all their venom on
killing ability apparently is deemed so
dangerous Brazil the Brazilian
government has banned people visiting it
so yeah don't go there
thanks on the list the Queen's bedroom
yeah you know let that old queen Queen
Elizabeth her bedroom which is in
Buckingham Palace buried deep somewhere
in there you can't go in there
just calm unless you're poor or family
but even then doubt you can go in there
apparently there was in in 1982 someone
broke in to the palace and actually got
into the bedroom which was seen as like
a Royal break-in success which yes
insane I would love to know what's in
the Queen's bedroom like what's in our
bedside drawers what does she do in her
bedroom
other than sleep you know who's touching
this once before club 33 at Disneyland
is like a member's Club within
Disneyland there's a 14-year wait list
for 14 year waiting list and if you are
one accepted and two can be arsed wait
that long it's a $40,000 initial up from
payment and then $27,000 a year as an
annual membership like yeah cool and
paulo disney club hey this one's a bit
of a weird one the vault of coke
coca-cola now apparently how the recipe
and method is to make cocaine cocaine
we're watchin too much narcos so there
is a hi-tech vault somewhere in the
world that holds the recipe to making
coca-cola
because it is that incredible and only a
handful of people actually know the
formula so can it be that hard like
surely so many people just look at the
ingredients listening on yeah we'll make
that and just how'd it go it that's
weird though isn't it like why so
secretive about coke Fort Knox in
Kentucky is a gold reserve so there's a
shitload of gold in this place and it
has a security perimeter that defends it
including 30,000 soldiers a stream of
attack helicopters and also a 22-ton
blast-proof doors okay yeah sure this
one's quite cool
Svalbard seed vault
this is another vault that holds all of
these seeds to lots of different plants
and trees so if there was ever an
environmental disaster that lost a
central network of plant life and they
could have they've got these seeds are
in the world that can regrow that I
think that's pretty cool room 39 in
North Korea no one knows what goes on in
this room oh and this secret thing a lot
of people suspect that it's to do a drug
deal drug deals drug deal in what the
sale of weapons so no one really knows
but it's another forbidden place that no
one can go the last scout caves in front
in France that I hope that's pronounced
correctly but this is covered in like
seventeen thousand year old paintings
like human paintings and it will closed
about 50 ish 60s years ago to the public
so you just can't go there anymore
Seoul's North Sentinel island has a
small tribe of people between 50 and 400
people that live on this island
now apparently the Indian government
have declared it off-limits so any
outsider tries to go there
the natives from the island will maybe
even kill people they throw stones and
shoot arrows and rocks so don't mess
with them this one's really interesting
the Bohemian Grove it's a secretive
Californian camp site area where it is
off-limits but apparently the most power
men in the world get to go I don't know
why I don't say women as well but the
most powerful people in the world go
here and have meetings and this was
where the initial talks of the atomic
bomb was started the Mormon Church
secret vault but so this is apparently
deep in the mountains in a heat
controlled vault contains over three
billion pages three billion pages of
information on American citizens and
family history three billion pages a
usual or you might I'm finishing up on
the white gentleman's club I mean could
you have a more racist sexist Club it's
the oldest and most exclusive
gentlemen's club in England members
include Royals politicians and
businessmen women are not allowed but
queen elizabeth ii broke this 3,000 year
rule this clubs been around for a long
time well yeah that concludes some of
the most unique and places around the
world that you're never ever going to be
able to visit or go to I'm sure there's
plenty more of these so if you'd like to
us to delve into that and find more of
these then let me know give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow with another one all right
goodbye guys bye
