hello beautiful sexy people hello
welcome to a video that I'm not sure how
many people gonna be interested in this
but it's something I'm interested in I
was like you know I'm just gonna do it
some of you may know I am a big sneak
head I love my trainers I've only kind
of really got into trainers in the last
year though but it's something that I've
turned into a bit of a collector's thing
and I just really like them the reason
I'm looking at the floral artists
because all my trainers are here and
that's what this video is is sharing my
trainer collection with you up to this
date I've got quite a lot of pairs of
shoes I'm very lucky
most of those shoes are sneakers
trainers whatever you want to call them
so yeah I thought I'd share some of
those with you and if you enjoy it and I
can show you more as my collection grows
etc etc I'm going to start off with the
good old nmd so adidas are killing the
killing the game absolutely killing the
game and I remember when they first
bought out a pair of nmds they were the
original black-and-white nmds and I
actually have those but at the moment
they're in Germany because they're my
gym shoes that are keeping Germany so I
can't show you those but the second pair
I ever got these are the all-white nmds
white all over don't know man I've got
these when when they came out and this
is before enemies kind of got really
popular so I got these I haven't worn
that much easier still quite white I
took them to Vegas in LA with me when I
went there and I just I don't know I
love the or white I think they're really
cool look then I kind of went on a
little bit of an nmd rampage and after
the whites came out they ball out the
primeknit which are if you know about
trainers for you these are the nmds are
a little bit kind of firmer and they're
still soft round here but they just a
bit firmer the primeknit are knitted
yeah so it's like a lot more flexible
anyway
bought out the camo pair and I was like
oh my god these are amazing so got a
pair of the camos
and you've had very dirty you can see I
wear these a lot I took these to EDC I
wore when I went to EDC they're very
comfortable so raving in these was good
and now I actually use these as my gym
shoes at the moment is that super super
comfy so
yeah the camera man's soon after they
came out correct me if I'm wrong on all
the exact naming of the shoes but they
bought out the Japan style which has got
looks like these so very similar to like
the other black and whites they're also
kind of prime nets and I've worn these
quite a lot as well love these these are
kind of like my go-to travel shoe
carrying on the NMD hype ah you've got
these which I love these I've worn them
not a lot because I kind of got as I
don't want to wear them that much
because I love them so much I kind of
want to keep them in this condition you
can see the patterning down here they
don't really have laces so they're kind
of slip-on which is super cool it's a
bright color so if I'm wearing all black
or something like that it kind of goes
really well with that and closing in the
NMD height finishing the nmds is this
very very lucky shoe I'm a would own
which is the pitch-black nmds now if you
know anything about shoes you know these
are very rare I think they only made 100
pairs they even made 100 pairs or 500
pairs of these in the world and I was
lucky enough that Stephanie got these
for me for free day shin pay for them
she got them as a gift for me car long
story short we she sent me a picture of
shoes she's I love these nmds and I was
like no way these are the nmds I love
cuz Adi - just post a picture of them
and she was like oh cool yeah I'll get
them for you and I was like ha yeah like
yeah alright course yeah
good chat and then I went to Germany and
sitting on a table waiting was these
shoes I was like wow that's amazing
thank you so much obviously but what's
crazy is because so many people wanted
these the value of this shoe it's gone
up to five thousand pounds five thousand
pounds for pair of shoes like how insane
is that because I was wearing them like
cuz I love I literally love them that my
favorite red shoes I was wearing them
and then it was Alfie you told me he's
like bro have you seen how much they're
selling for us that nerd oh no and when
he told me that I was like should I stop
wearing these I should probably
frame them put them in a little box on
the shelf and so I have actually stopped
wearing these for the means
but then one loves that my baby loves
I'm pale as hell but you can kind of see
the shoe a bit better
oh la la oh no no yeah whilst were also
talking about gift Sorrell did his
collaboration with added all these added
are still without a slip tree smashing
game Pharrell Williams did his human
race shoes and they're amazing they're
bright colors here's a pair of the red
ones they kind of all again lace is a
super cool how they're done over the top
and they're all customized differently
across the shoe so that says race but on
the other shoe doesn't say human it's
like hu some might just say r8 like
they're all complete customized again
Steffie little legend got me these as
well so thanks dad and then more
recently added a still on the ultra
boost hype so ultra boosts are the most
comfortable shoes you'll ever put on in
your life like they are so comfortable
so i've got your white ultra boost here
I can't yeah just so freakin comfy I've
worn them not much and they're already
starting to go off white which is a
shame because I like them a lot managed
to get as well my hands on the all
blacks and these were released the other
day which again they're just really dope
really they're the exact same shoe just
yeah all black and triple black I think
they're maybe even cooled but pretty
dope pretty dope man who of course got
to own an Air Force One shoe Nike Air
Force Ones back in the day classic I had
these for an event and I haven't won
since but they're all white I want to
keep them all white and I they're just
it's just a classic shoe isn't it got to
own I feel like a pair of Converse if
you're if you're a sneaker head mine are
leather all blacks and yeah conversable
obviously been around for a long time
they're pretty dope and kind of easy to
rock with anything so like my converse
how would I forget moving back to the
old Adi - we got there usually using
easy job just jumped over job man
oh yeah derp derp derp derp derp derp
derp did it that no hope kinda gets
better he has produced some dope shoes
I've said dope a lot in the last
two minutes he's produced some awesome
shoes the easies with added ass again
probably the most sought-after trainers
like as the brand easy like everyone
kind of knows what they are so yeah I'm
very lucky doing a pair of Yeezys and
they are very comfortable as well not as
company's ultra boost but between nmds
and ultra boost so they are awesome I
love them I should just talk about yes
as well before I got the nmds I was on
tubular labs so when they first bought
out the tubulars this is a second pair I
had a first pair and when I did
masterchef fun story
I got ruined because the oil that we're
cooking with and then MasterChef were
like oh here we'll get you some new
shoes as well thanks guys so yeah I got
the tubular labs I've shown these in a
video before and my New Balance shoes my
only pair of New Balance have got but I
really like the texture of them and the
color just pops well man and that right
there rounds up some of my well most of
my kind of like go-to shoes like my
favorite trainers I was thinking a while
about this oh I didn't show you my vans
wear my vans ah got on a pair of bands
the high-top man's baby love these to
rock and really loose really open yeah
they're awesome man yeah so I was
thinking about whether this video for a
while to be honest and the reason was
because I didn't want to be like yo look
amazing whoo my shoes made I didn't want
seem like I'm showing off even though
may seem like that but it's something
that I like to collect everyone has
things you like to collect minds
trainers let me know if you enjoyed it
you might hate it you might never want
to see it again leave some comments give
the video a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow another one all right love you
guys goodbye
