hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today we are going to be looking
at youtubers instagrams we're gonna be
reacting to youtubers instagrams maybe
mates a series if you enjoy it just have
a little flick through so what people
like scrolling back you know just having
some fun with it maybe making fun of
people maybe complimenting people
whatever kind of my mood is in we will
see where it goes let's have a look
shall we
okay I can see in my stories I've got
outfits which we sort of Alfie let's
start with old mr. elves pointlessblog
4.6 million followers he is a famous guy
this one what's his recent size you know
he's got a nice sat down on the old
beach looking out into the view spotting
those sea goes on Brighton Beach lovely
he's it seems nice isn't it sir I like
his like the style I like edit so a lot
of it you know thinking pictures I there
is clearly thinking about whether he
should upload his vlog at 5 or 6 that's
what he's thinking right there isn't it
here is looking at the floor thinking
we're all my shoes last if I walk
through that puddle here I think he's
just found a skimming stone and he's
debating whether he can get 5 bounces or
6 that's what I think he's thinking
dunno voice thinking there but he likes
the floor doesn't he does like the floor
I'm taking the piss out of him I'm you
look on - of it let me just jump to mine
I like the sky there
I've definitely liked the floor in this
picture but it's not about me is it it's
about other people and I'm making fun of
other people today I would like to say
that this is not a real nap I'd like to
say that this is perhaps staged but hey
it could be real who knows it's a cheeky
little small and cheeky little smirk on
his face
that's quite a cool picture with the
camera and focus and everything else not
reppin the old purpose tour dope hair
Zoe I think Zoe did that as she was -
that's my hair life it's a big fan
there's your holiday snaps let's now
let's have a little scroll back I'm just
taking piss out of his recent ones oh
that is that was his display pic for a
long time
he likes he'll Beach photos that was his
display pic for a long time Oh another
side look love Annette another side look
loving that stubble bro oh wow if you
come for a swim naughty what we were
there that dressing-gown it's a very
interesting fit alf hungry i remember
your hair is like that i wild
yes used to love posting your hot
chocolates didn't you literally loved it
there is he like me we love that open
wide mouth can we how much food can fit
in my mouth
don't worry did that oh here he is
the three legends the three musketeers
what Joe and Alfie look like they're out
to kill someone I I don't know why I
just look out of place I look like I'm
cuddling Joe I was spooning oh no what
headline have you read there Oh open
mouth open mouth Oh thriller over there
look at that line it was just I do as
the guy they are lads yeah God not
chocolate
ah hot chocolate oh that was such a fun
trip and boil we are about to demolish
that his old Marcus right there
Christmas jumper hot dog can I lick you
well this beginning was in stir what's
his foot I reckon he's gone back and
deleted his first oh no Alf it didn't he
died didn't he get hacked or like lost
his account so I was gonna say that is
not his first Instagram his isn't that
embarrassing mine's way worse so you're
right Alf Josef's ugh soggy boy Irie I'm
an R million la do la do Joe and lo he's
very happy with that isn't he I like
this shirt you like that photo made you
do but on this one very chuffed about
that although maybe find some shirts
with some buttons that do up buddy while
you're cold in this weather that's a
very good picture solid solid hair
another show is lost the buttons jeez on
another one
bloody hell Joe I like Joe's a theme
again pretty cool very sophisticated and
you know exactly what you're getting
with Joe on here you know someone who
likes to show themselves out and about
out doing fun stuff that's what I like I
said the football game we played in my
life absolutely clattered him oh nice in
the studio that was a bit of a tease for
peeps wasn't it because everyone
- I've seen ins - game strong although
is a very strong beginning of time
oh that was a haircut wherever I just
saw that that is a haircut my friend
bloody hell it's like what my hair would
be if I left it to go out with the
colour no some reason I don't reckon
Josie's embarrass and Jo is one of those
people a bit like me would make fun of
myself he makes fun of himself a lot so
it's hard to make fun of this person
it's a good thing Joe it's a good thing
don't worry I'll actually are we're
definitely gonna find the Joseph Joe
Sykes mark smile are you ready for it
we'll find it somewhere let me find
where's the soggy smug smile came in I
reckon this was the beginning of it got
a little side smack nah areas this is
the side smirk he knows what he's doing
with that doesn't he
oh no the sun's in my face that is it in
full full swing there it developed so
got it became a thing
hot happy going over the old lip bite ah
that's two years ago of three years ago
to be fair still decent pick me
what was the in strain right at the end
of time it's first pictures of the
camera no absolute lad I I had that
t-shirt I had that t-shirt joe yeah joe
solid Instagram me give you a seven out
of 10 for that Paraiba now fun fact
Tonya only unblocked me on Instagram
four months ago
so thanks Tom thank you some reason she
had me blocked her claim was that when
she got hacked sometime the hacker
blocked certain people that was her
reason I think she just hated me and
hated me being able to see her pics and
then was like really awkward him as I
shared one do this again Hans is an int
that I really enjoy looking at it looks
very nice to the eye when you're looking
at the feed you know lots of holiday
pics as years away lovely her and Jim
cute their dog though little Martha the
cutest little thing Oh
I want that cat just enjoying a
mid-morning coffee
oh I mean how can you not love that dog
seriously Parnes posted two and a half
thousand pictures my favorite shots from
inside a baking book go get toms baking
book that bath or you would love that
often all right let's go back let's see
what times were at the beginning of time
I don't know if my fingers have got
enough power to scroll back two and half
thousand times
well that's May okay all right ah giving
a white tux that's quite good luck that
is a cool picture in all that's for
Fogle a mushy she has a lot of pictures
oh wait dammit Leary we're only in March
Jesus oh my god her with Harry Styles a
lot of anything as a party time of Harry
Styles oh we use this picture it gets
the baby picture palm one thing Tosh
does like yourself he doesn't she like
an actual proper selfie oh look here it
is on our hat that's me
why would you say my merch back in the
day my color choices are bright pink
geez that's ages ago that is classic
time you know what I'm pretty sure I
took that picture I'm pretty sure I took
that picture kind of font we ought to
scroll back anymore I can't even get the
beginning of your profile time oh she's
friendly with Harry twice it's quite
Kawachi isn't it and we're ending on
Tom's cuz just yeah let me know if you
guys want to see more of this as a
series obviously if I'm making fun of
song I'm just having a laugh I'm not
that not serious don't worry but I hope
you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if
you did I'll see you tomorrow another
video all right love you get back
