hello beautiful sexy people I'm terribly
sorry the other day I forgot to do that
intro and surprisingly a lot of people
were annoyed at that
so you're still beautiful sexy don't
worry about it okay I'm British
if you didn't know what have you been
like where have you been basically but
today we're going to be finding out how
British are your problems
British people seem to have a lot of
problems a lot of the time very
pointless problems so let's see how
British my problems are tick off all the
things that are problems in your life
someone using your favorite mug
it's not really a problem but I do
sometimes think when it makes on a drink
I'd open the car thing yeah I'm not
going to give you my end mug so yeah I
guess that does count the problem it's
only this better not all be about bloody
tea
here's BuzzFeed I have you know the
younger generation don't all love tea
know a lot of the old generation
everyone loves tea I feel like coffees
kind of coming in to replace tea a lot
of people do so like tea don't get me
wrong but I feel like coffee is becoming
the new tea someone making themselves a
cup of tea but not offering to make you
one it's not an issue I don't drink tea
and you offer to make some mate tea and
someone actually accepts your offer
don't you have ever made up other than
in my old job when I used to make bloody
tea until makes you a cup of tea and
puts the milk in first not a problem
with me dropping a biscuit in your tea
when you have to do the awkward fast
walk because someone is holding a door
open for you yeah you do kind of that
little shuffle and then you run towards
the door thank you
when someone doesn't say thank you any
old or tell you what that bloody pisses
me off so much but I'm saying it the
same as when you're waiting for someone
five if I'm driving I pulled in to let
someone come through I'm like give him a
little flash Mike come on yeah oh no
don't worry
hi give a little wave and they just
completely ignore you I usually shout
Volga loads of them when it's more than
24 degrees and you're stuck at work
that's a problem for everyone isn't it
when it's hot and you have to be inside
when it's more than 24 degrees and there
is no space in park there's everything
because British people with Sousa we're
as good were like May I need to get out
in the sunlight I need to get every
person I know take every alcoholic
beverage that I've got and getting Sun
that is what a British person does
forget your umbrella when it's piss on
it now it's quite annoying isn't it it's
just annoying because you'll look
outside about oh my god wow look it's
a nice blue sunny sky two hours later
tracking down rain wearing your big coat
in the morning and then being too hot
for the rest of the day
this videos will be at the most complain
videos everything here I'm relating to
and having a little rant about yeah I
hate that when you go shopping because
you're like right it's freezing outside
so I'm gonna wrap up warm got a hoodie
got a coat on you go into a shop and the
heating's on full and then you're like
oh I made a video on this years ago so
if you remember that video you get ten
markers points when the person in front
of you doesn't have their money ready
when the self-checkout machine tells you
there's an unexpected item in the
 bagging area when there is a
daily struggle when I'm down at my local
Sainsbury's I'm just I'm look at the
line and the queue and I'm like you know
what I'm just gonna be self checkout
self checkout no queue easy
help yourself to bags there's always
that problem isn't there having
to ask someone to repeat something more
months because you couldn't hear them I
hate that twice is fine if you get on
two three and four that's just awkward
isn't it the doorbell ring when you're
not expecting anyone hate that little
head that head right playing some videos
miss at head door bell goes and we both
like each other
who's that as if Matt would know who's
coming to my house open the door oh
hello so we charge any fresh fish today
fresh fish
not bloody wooden things having time for
packaging your pyjamas why am i relating
to this quiz so much
my job is I'm in my boxers so I just do
it like us if I'm in just my boxers I'll
try and check the top on I've definitely
just opened the door my boxers the other
day fun story left my phone in an uber
and I was at home don't know why going
into my box is already after coming in
just had a top on and my boxes didn't
realize I lost my phone guy comes back
hooting his horn and he's I joined your
phone I just ran out into the road in my
boxers having to pretend
who don't know whose round is when you
know exactly he's not yours
I'm not one of those people but it
annoys me when it's like you're like eh
we do rounds then and
Yeah right and there's that one person
who just never ends up paying for it
when you ask if someone wants the last
rose potato and they actually take it
not roast potato just in general when
you're like you see that there the last
bit of food and you're like look if I
just take this it's gonna be rude so
I'll here's pick it up I'm gonna offer
it round I hopefully people know that I
actually want it and then someone's like
oh yeah I'll have it all right nice one
when strangers smile at you in public I
quite like that although I'm like the do
I know you
I quite like that making eye contact
people in public doesn't annoy me but no
when you are someone how they are and
they actually tell you it doesn't annoy
me
I guess it's not about annoying is that
a problem yeah of course happens to
everyone doesn't it like there's
sometimes you you say that I'll how's it
going just as a you don't you're not
actually ever really asking someone and
then someone's like you're watching my
cat died okay um sorry so should we go
to the music geek or someone not
respectin queuing system I get so
stressed at this live someone's trying
to push in I was buying some fishy
everday not from my door like in a
supermarket when some fish I was
queueing you know fish mongers you're
queuing this old man
yes he's old whatever he was now he's
about 60 bloody walk down front the guy
finishes serving another person comes
back - who's next and he's like yeah I
am I was like are you serious
mate I've been standing here just cuz
you're old just cuz you're older than me
it doesn't give you right to push in
front of me okay
I'm runnin to this video all night I was
triggered people who get on the train
before they let you off doesn't annoy me
that much forget in your bag for life
after pineapple that's a planet organic
situation I bought a bag for life look
I've ever used it when the phone rings
and it's an unknown number how often so
when the phone rings and it's an unknown
number
are you not picking up I'm not a mind
always me when the phone rings in it so
I'm calling you out PPI yeah I said
incident papers on that when the phone
rings it's pissed half apiece bit when
they run out of your favorite sandwich
so you have to set off your
second-favorite I'm not related to sin
sandwich because I don't really eat
sandwiches but when they've run out of
your favorite food like it's frustrating
when the waiter at Nando's asks if
you've peaked there before well there we
go I feel like that was quite a funny
video ended up getting a bit R and T
sorry about that but I hope you enjoyed
it
hopefully it was insane and give it a
video thumbs up if you did and I will
see you tomorrow moving on video all
right
see you guys tomorrow goodbye
