hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today on this fine Thursday that
I'm filming I don't know what day you're
watching this on yet could be Friday
could be sad it could be some day who
knows what they is so we did the
reaction to the John Lewis Christmas had
the other day and loads you enjoyed that
it feels great but loads of comments
about yeah react to more react to the
Sainsbury's happy yet this react to that
I haven't seen the Sainsbury's dad but I
know a lot of people have been talking
about it so that's what we're gonna
watch today and yeah see what happens
but I haven't yeah I literally don't
even know what it's about haven't seen
anything about it okay so it took quite
a lot of views not as many as the old
John Lewis had today we're going to
start off with the Sainsbury's ad and
then maybe do the MS out as well so it's
like a reacting to Christmas ad special
like the music already another year oh
where do they culture yes some mystery
now it's December so much to remit to
I'm enjoying the music too much I'll
have an in reading folk thing James
Corden sing it good singer isn't it very
good wish I could sing like James James
May give me a lesson
Donna Xuan me and me for Christmassy
make us Christmas live pretty late to my
train is delayed disruption on the line
I reckon the place is busy yes Christmas
time
this musics making me so happy I'm like
popping melt I'm the greatest kid I can
give
figure talking about time to breathe
the streets of chaos see the shops
idiotic there's a queue for the queue
there's a queue for the queue does that
I don't that make sense a queue for the
queue
granny's taking her time at the front of
the line 91-92
there's a party of working the managers
those were the inappropriately to top
off the day and other train is delayed
it's so basically this this this old
this old dude has had a bit of an awful
day so far as it ever is my nice days
where everything that could go wrong is
going wrong strophe
that someone dressed as a christmas tree
I'd like to spend it
the ones I love so dear I'm trying to
find the greatest gift I can give my
family
I don't have greatest gift you can get
if someone is tell me how to people do
it all
I'll never get a generic man of himself
if only there was a way to be in two
places okey one we're gonna have a great
idea to me an idea
look if I wasn't alone what if I had a
clone I could do so much more hip it
over your fries with a couple mommies I
have time the law I wanna find the
greatest gift a case for health and
sometimes making suffer blood greatest
gift I can give is me
now I can meet with the Accord
it earlier on the greatest gift if you
give us me my source in Montana
got
if my love
greatest gift that I can give
I wanna buy
my
some examines a musical ah thank you
that was as a nurse left me all nice and
warm inside no no that was um it was a
lot more heartfelt you know you felt a
lot more warmth than the John Lewis had
um the John Lewis had made me laugh more
yeah like that was very very uplifting
now let's watch the M&S here we go
Oh where's Santa Eirias t Jesus Michael
keep away from those knees huh
watch the belly a last-minute request
it's very big it's very tall isn't he oh
don't forget Australia I won't easily
done
Rudolph I mean he would have a lot more
presence than that wouldn't if Santa's
delivering presents for the world just
just lay in here mrs. Claus for all kids
Feliz Oh Sookie I have a big sister
Cortana who is true and sometimes angry
Oh all that tall
one Legend this is so cool
miss Amanda
it's looking fit
she's she's the small one in issues that
NAT Rudolph you're not that fast we're
gonna take the chopper strict his window
it would make a lot louder noise landing
wouldn't it all cheeky she's on the old
mince pie she taking one home for Santa
tend to be alright come on
to Anna Jake wanted you to have this
with love mrs. cool
Jake oh you might think I don't like my
song oh thank you I know for I know
that's zucchini maybe we ought to be
happy at Christmas lucky eight six
percent in tears
makes me feel a bit emotional oh she's
back as if nothing's ever happened fast
asleep
Merry Christmas
how was your night
I'm that good there wouldn't be fun if
you all my secrets that's my favorite
one I don't know it's just different
isn't it mrs. Claus the old like bit
like Batman now if her secret secret
stuff going on thought she was going to
hand him the old mince pie that and that
would have really been the Mint's on top
of the belly
to be honest with you I didn't really
know that I need like I knew about John
inside I didn't really know that that
many companies had like these huge
Christmas ads so if there's more and you
want me to react those and there's some
others that you've seen then let me know
in the comments otherwise give the video
a thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
with another one all right love you guys
bye
