hello beautiful sexy people so but a
burnt we did a video reacting to photos
right before disaster and I had you guys
really really loved it so guess what is
number two but it won't photos of that
split second right before disaster oh
that little kid looks so happy doesn't
he's walking and then it's just like bad
that it's like he spotted the person
who's taking a picture as well he's like
yeah mom like I'm just gonna do a model
catwalk ever you can just snap me whilst
walking on and then dad saw uh nose
would be funny if I just kick aboard its
head that's why I reckon was on the
other side of that picture disaster what
I mean was it how was this arranged was
there
he's flying in the air kicking him in
the stomach is obviously gonna hurt a
lot but also no offense mate he doesn't
look very athletic so I can't picture
him nailing that fly kick and land him
back on his feet he's gonna hurt himself
probably just as much as him oh that is
never a good ending is it oh my god hmm
the perch is like going to break their
face actually gonna break their face I
think I would love to try one of those
you know the seesaw things where you go
Bing Bing me so I think I'd actually be
pretty good at just saying be pretty
good but yeah that is a that's an
ambulance job isn't it mmm what has
happened here I mean they've obviously
gone off the jump but how is the dad
gone off as oh so I don't think that's
disaster at all that little kid is first
of all you're like one foot in the air
Tecna ball he's just gonna let I mean it
might hurt his coccyx a little bit but
pretty cool what's happening so they're
playing oh he's missed the ball and he's
got a slap in the face I mean that is
probably actually gonna hurt because it
looks like that doesn't live that
painful when you look at the photo but
when you think of the action that guy's
probably gotten to try and catch the
ball who's you know gone like that he's
just clattered his face and he's wearing
sunglasses so he's gonna smash the
sunglasses into his eye not really sure
what's going on in that photo is that
water bomb don't really get what's
happened there it looks like a TV is an
angel or
he's got water bomb exposure and said
that is a hundred percent of face slap
on the water like they're the two things
you don't want when you jump into pool
isn't it you don't want a back slap and
you don't want to face that I actually
reckon back slap more painful though you
know likes I'll push you in you ow ow ow
are falling over the top of your bike
man that is Savage his helmet as well
flipping that is a dodgy helmet and it's
probably a spider in the back of his
neck and we've got Jesus Jesus is upon
us people here he is what's going on was
he on I'm fascinated
because that picture looks like he's
walking on water I can't really figure
out what's happened maybe the rock was
just beneath the surface of the water
he's walking along and then obviously it
drops off and that's where he's dropped
off that's my logic behind it yo you got
think that motorbike is traveling at
some speed I do like his chopper chubs
helmet though but that's that's a
serious injury that's about to happen
isn't it oh that's not like a fool of
your bike you know I've got bit this
craze that's like you could die ah shut
up that is what you call a 30-foot wave
Matt the other day was on that waves and
here's like yeah I'd love to go swimming
in 30-foot waves in Hawaii I was like
Dave foot waves Matt 30-foot waves yeah
cause you know your body board that's
all I'm saying
no no you don't dirty foot it's like
bigger than a house and when that breaks
on you and let's be honest you're not a
professional bodyboarder oh yeah so
it'll find the top of the way just right
yeah
what and then use right to it breaks
down how did you get out of that that
was good hello oh poor dog trying to get
some fries actually it's really painful
but it sucks doesn't it I mean if you're
on an object and you're owning up two
wheels and one of them happens to fall
off you haven't really got much hope at
least it looks like he might be doing
tricks though so maybe it's not going
too fast
Oh
it's like a coke advert gone wrong it's
like yes sir do you receiving my coke
oh you sure it to harden it's not
my teeth out poor Stephen he looks he
looks like a Stephen doesn't he
oh that that is what would happen when
you're on a 30-foot wave oh yeah yeah
that's fun isn't it traveling at speed
and then when you land there that wave
then lands on top of you yeah push you
to the ground yeah but you can't breed
you're hit you're hit the surface of the
floor you might get smashed into a rock
oh my I was on the seabed why is the
face blood in this picture I don't
understand what's going on it's like
this physical face was it blurred for
like copyright reasons we will never
know but yeah that's quite funny Oh
wakeboarding Falls man head vs. what how
that's a back slap not sure what's going
on here looks like he's holding his hand
the other person's hand
I'm so confused by this picture is he
holding his hand or is his hand because
his body looks very far away from him I
think he is holding his hand but it
looks like the other guys like clothes
learning him and he's going back over
his head chiming oh no he's not there
you go you've got a second one and that
straight on his ass he looks like a Scot
doesn't he poor Scott that figure is
amazing the grandma is never catching
the kid never aah that was hit with some
power as well because the ball is like
dented in the vase it's not just gonna
think it's like John blue they're not
really thought the waterbomb ones that
don't really find that funny oh I think
it's a fake photo
this man has jumped off this ledge it
looks like he's gonna land oh no that's
my vision of it looks like steel and
that pole it's not just a belly flop
this is a belly flopping competition
looks like they're on a cruise ship
doing a belly flopping competition that
is what's happening isn't it that's
and what's the disaster here they beard
what they call big chugs like Choa Choa
Choa that is nicely box with my uncle he
saw his punishment face fun fact I want
bit his nipple really Harbor nice three
and left a squaw because he wouldn't
play with me and his plan with my sister
instead I got annoyed there we go that
is reacting some more photos taken right
before disaster I hope you guys enjoyed
the video if you did give it a big
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another one good bye yeah
