hello beautiful sexy people hello hello
hello welcome to the channel welcome
welcome welcome
you know I'm gonna say if you new around
here subscribe join the family join the
mall Marcos family we're a lovely bunch
of people here we're a great community
we stick together hit that subscribe
button and welcome basically and for
those you returning you're the real
Nations anyway today is a guest the
YouTube we did a part one to this and
you guys really really enjoyed it so
we're gonna do a part two I said this
with all the guest sees you as the great
things we've done a lot of new ones
recently but we haven't even started
doing part twos of the ones you guys
really like but in part two and that is
guest YouTube by a singing voice okay
you know the score I'm gonna be played
some beautiful definitely not tone-deaf
youtuber singing and I've tier two is
but nine people nine youtubers so you
know nine yeah yeah and then you have to
say I'm better thief than you okay yes
okay right ready number one on them
haters I love that song yeah
well that's her my is Logan's much
better singer is me do you think it's
the much better brother oh I like Logan
who are you saying that is it you know
who it is
I just did there mater yeah flying at
them and now I wonder they can sing
Marnie vaping Garen I was just too into
that song do you know that song yeah
uncle Craig that's hard they're American
yeah
the king lowly yeah yes oh he can sing
yo he is can mate you're talented try to
you so far all better a fee for that new
alright another free yeah I have a
question this is does he have a record
deal he does
I would like to say he's not trying
there and he's your big cat I found one
that even number four very well on
nice boys I can so many youtubers sing I
love this song
she's gonna say she's got a Jacob
sartorius phone cover how old is she -
old is she yeah she old now let's are
older than 11 yeah English or American
American
are they big yeah it's not her eyes
about say as I don't mean is she really
would
do I know them I'm not sure this doesn't
count and shut hey I was gonna get off
just lost it who wasn't gonna say it was
her I wasn't it this doesn't count but
heard was gonna say it was bethany mota
okay but she's huge no need to guess how
many gets this - this is easy
yeah better I know I'm better at FIFA
than you know wow it's really hard
are they smaller than Bethany Mota you
okay you daydream it does her name begin
with an A her first name the question no
heaven yes is it Andrea Russett yes
awesome powerful I'm better than you do
up just name a half way to go she she
could also sing yeah and the five yes
they're American on man
Oh
gave it away a bit there yeah I'll be
playing that again yeah you okay and
I'll play again played evolved a
American yeah for they choose youtuber
they're huge
yeah do they have more than ten million
subscribers oh yes you do is it
markiplier yes how did you know
ready so 90% and I'm better than you
know a hundred percent you ready
I can hear it I need it turn speakers
aren't facing me is this the only clip
you've got yeah that doesn't count
it does tonight I'll close my eyes I
honestly can't hear
who's that where they from they're
British it's a tough one to answer okay
not British so they're not British
no the American no no more questions no
yeah that's it
don't we get three questions yes I'm
sorry yes it's not
oh man I'm really stuck
I need some help you're not getting any
have you 100%
thank because correct me to get to not
British or American no - PewDiePie Oh
we can't really sing Kelly yeah it's
cute very cute very romantic is that all
right yeah yeah there's more as the
American yeah a part of a team they all
okay okay done sequentially your answer
are they part of a team no you're lying
no swearing no right Parvati Alyssa I am
doing very well
would you watch the vlogs
No how did you know I just know why are
you so annoying this is how I feel
playing you at FIFA I don't get it when
I play you at FIFA Suns a bit like Drake
is that Logan pool
okay so annoyed if honestly if you could
see his face
oh I ain't scared of nothing not a snake
oh you think that's yours I'm a chick
you know if I get this you're sitting
here doing a personal message saying I'm
better at P fitness and I ever featured
on this brilliant lit you can't even
understand me that's not my problem is
alright
you noticed no praise means there's no
rule huh
bring it closer raise the volume I'm so
lost for words right now did you pick it
what I don't know it one more time oh
it's not one it's not done
is it English yes you know your knowing
about all day guys so this is a big
moment if you do it no pressure
two more questions don't get it wrong no
youtubers in England I think you're more
annoying because you'll have to admit
something you can't do that shake the
bar we did we that is a rule wait don't
who is it again not giving me any food
you didn't need to look at me I can see
your eyes okay so there UK have I met
them in person I don't know that doesn't
count this question then of course it
isn't this you want you have to answer
the question and you can't guess okay
okay
another question you do know tell me
tell me stop lying
yes I've met them yes is it I hope two
yeses is it deadly hey comedy shows game
oh this is amazing a hundred percent a
hundred percent oh my god I don't know
what you're expecting of me put under
pressure watching
no you need to say something I'm not
saying it can you just I'm sorry
oh no no putting the hammer at me I'm
not saying goes quickly I know just do
it quick let's go and get the scores of
come on so we are pretty quick cut three
two one I'm the best at FIFA Oh quick
cut three two one you're better than me
FIFA
I'm sorry rules are put there to be
stopped - he is so annoyed I love how
aggressive you get with the youtubers
one on one feel like I've won five
titles and FIFA with that this is
amazing this is amazing I hope you guys
enjoy playing on at home if you didn't
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and I will see
you guys tomorrow with another one
alright and also if there's more
youtubers you know that sing and we
haven't used them comment them down
there and we'll maybe do a part three
alright see you guys soon bye
