welcome back to another conspiracy video
where I'm going to be talking in a
different voice because it's conspiracy
and that means that it has to sound like
it's a different voice and creepy
because conspiracies creepy right anyway
welcome to a conspiracy video where
we're diving into area 51 this is
probably one of the biggest most known
talked about conspiracy theories out
there area 51
I remember having a long plain chat with
Alfie about this we're flying someone we
had a good like to our chat about area
51 and he seemed to know all the Goss
area 51 is a United States Air Force
Base area Fenn in Nevada
apparently the correct name is actually
homey Airport but area 51 was found in a
document from the Vietnam War and that's
where is known as area 51 so the base is
current purpose what is actually used
for is unknown to most of the world to
the general public
unknown where does however lots of
theories suggest that it is used for
secretive aircraft and weapon
experiments and procedures for decades
the base was hidden to everyone no one
knew it was there even satellite photos
of it were deleted probably there's no
windows so no one can see in no one can
see out and anyone who works there if if
you want Saab viously there's going to
be a lot of people probably working that
has to sign an oath that guarantees that
signing and signing an oath is you know
you're agreeing your life that you're
not going to tell anyone or you're going
to tell the truth etc so they've signed
over that they're not allowed to tell
anyone anything this is a bit weird most
commuters so people who can because
middle of nowhere people who commute
commute from Las Vegas Airport because
Las Vegas is in Nevada but they travel
on an unmarked aeroplane so it's not
like all virgins taking a trip over to
area 51
it's an unmarked playing that's a bit
weird isn't it apparently there's people
there's always pairs of men and they
dressed in camo outfit and they patrol
the area constantly and they don't work
inside they
just patrol the area so you know
obviously no one's gonna get past the
muslin despite all of the government's
efforts is being extremely hard to keep
a lot of the activities or some of the
activities secret here are some of the
known things that go on in area 51 the
u-2 spy plane which is apparently a
plane engineered and crafted to be able
to fly above 70,000 feet so when you fly
in your normal Wain like when you are
holidays on them you fly between 30 and
40 thousand feet so this plane is flying
nearly double that and it was able to do
this and therefore spy on lots of
different things going on the a12 oxcart
now in 1960 there was something released
which gave information to this aircraft
which could apparently apparently travel
up to 2300 miles an hour 2,300 miles an
hour like again typical plane you would
fly on on holiday you travel around 600
ish miles an hour so this is you know
imagine the capabilities of that but
they're only width is how is that if
that's being invented or created in 1960
we're talking 50 60 years ago here
technologies haven't advanced that much
in today's aircrafts yet have they
what's the reason for that
there's tactic blue and have blue or
--have blue which was a whale kind of
shaped plane which as main aim was to be
able to fly at very low altitude aliens
aliens is probably like one the biggest
talk then when you are someone if they
believe in something is aliens and area
51 has many rumors linked to this people
believe that there are secret tunnels in
area 51 people believe that there are
even living aliens that they found
aliens and they're you know keeping
aliens in there and then monitoring them
etc people so believed that there was a
UFO alien spaceship crash near the area
and people have taken on area 51 took
the remaining part of the ship into area
51 and
they're testings and keeping all that
hidden as well so a guy called Kenneth
Arnold in 1947 was flying his private
plane and there he saw nine different
objects flying in a circular kind of
motion and he described it as a saucer
if you go through you know a stone
across the water I saw there that's
where flying saucers
came from this crash that I talked about
and this unidentified object was in 1947
as well so apparently they released a
statement saying that yeah they'd found
this unidentified object but then the
army quickly pulled that release back
and said it was some kind of air balloon
in 1990 declassified documents were
released that this balloon was actually
a surveillance balloon for a program
called Project mogul and the weather
balloon story was a cover-up for the
secret project and in 1989 a man called
Robert Lazar shocked everyone when he
went live on air and said he'd been
involved in an alien project mission
working on alien technology this was the
first time an insider had ever blown the
whistle let any information out many he
also said they that they had nine alien
spacecrafts and he said they had posters
inside and of them hovering etc etc his
job was an engineer inside and it was
his job to study these alien things and
see if they had anything that the US
then use on their army projects and on
their weapons etc and he did find this
one substance apparently which he called
element one one five that powered the
alien spacecraft don't know how much
this one believed in so that rounds up
the alien talked other conspiracy
theories suggest that it's also kind of
shadowy organization to help work on the
new world order which is a bit like the
Illuminati and UFOs and reverse
engineering stories are just stories
which take people away from what's
actually really happening which is world
domination that's what new world order
is and moving into the most extreme
conspiracy theory is that they're
actually using aliens and they're
allowing aliens to abduct people within
area 51 and aliens can do whatever they
want
with these people haven't heard these
aliens and they will grind these people
up into paste that can be used for
aliens as as their food and nutrition I
think that last one is yes too much me
I'd love to know your thoughts though on
area 51 definitely think they use it as
a place for weapons creating aircrafts
that are unknown and not sure and kept
secretive and I definitely think that I
think there's something weird about a
don't know if they've got aliens inside
or what we think is aliens when you say
aliens you think this little green thing
in your head but I do think there is
something weird about the whole thing
I believe in aliens in the sense that
there is something out there that's
another race or another thing that we
have no no idea about but whether that's
in area 51 or not I'm not sure but it's
it's very strange isn't it the whole
thing so I would love to know your
thoughts in this maybe you know some
more insider knowledge maybe you know
someone at work there maybe you've you
can help me learn some more stuff as
well I'm anything in the comments
below give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and if you want more
conspiracy theories and I'll see you
tomorrow another video goodbye
