hello beautiful sexy people hey welcome
to a video where I am challenging myself
to guess company's logos okay so looks
like we've got 15 logos - yes would your
account gonna get let's predict what I'm
gonna get right now I reckon I'm gonna
get 11 that's being very ambitious of me
11 uh-huh
what business uses this logo five guys
TGI Fridays Hard Rock Cafe definitely
not Hard Rock Cafe pretty sure it's not
five guys I think Five Guys is just like
the writing like what I think is TGI
Josh can we get round of applause to
Marcus in the room just to sell my
dishwasher which oh that's not fair
which of these is the correct logo it
was really throwing me off is it baking
left or baking right no baking has red
text doesn't it
you guys know leftover Butler would know
the answer to that and he's got it right
what business uses this load isn't that
Mountain Dew it's a very American so far
Mountain do it man do huh yes do you
know what melon do it's not really that
big in England I mean when I say
basketball when I junga
we'd have sports drink like loads of
lucozade all the time and there used to
be this like myth about Mountain Dew
everyone used to be like oh my god
Mountain Dew that the best drink ever
and if someone managed to get one it was
like wow you got to share this around
what business uses this logo Krispy
Kreme Domino's Papa John's it's not
Domino's I need some help here I think
it's Papa John's yes super Pappa Pappa
Pappa Pappa John's or Domino's I was
always a Domino's always the Domino's
guy
I haven't had Domino's in like four
years now which is the correct Uncle
Ben's logo what is the difference
no I'm serious what seriously was
different he joking is it the color of
his bowtie he you actually open it's on
the left are you sure yeah why do you
think that
I'll be feeling yeah you're right you
could job you could help me out on that
one what business uses this logo is that
Heinz
oh that's Heinz isn't it because it's
1869 I'm pretty sure at times what
business uses this logo trumpet raps on
literally smashing up Park which is the
correct one oh it's like is he a ddos or
not only death I think is on the left
what is he a lead us or not lead us well
on the right no I guess not
oh yes oh I went with yours and I was
right
I clicked one because you would know
more about KC than me yes and I chose
yours when I actually chose not that
doesn't count I'm giving myself the
other one isn't that that's not Evian
because it's not I have no idea what
that I want to say Evian but it's not as
they called baronet it's got bear in
that logo I give up Toblerone of course
why is there a bear in there I never
knew there was a bear in there what
business uses this logo McCain that is
McCain for him through McCain imagine
isn't that crazy
I always says but you know what it is
just from that R which is correct
Domino's logo hahaha I think on on the
right
oh my god is one on the leg that's not
fair what business uses this logo I know
he knows cheeky cheeky cheeky Nando's
what business uses that logo Lugo snap
all down Monta Lipton don't know any of
them I think Snapple no don't want there
don't know what don't want is which of
these is a great Starbucks who is
guessing Starbucks doesn't have a Sun on
the top of the head Oh what is that
oh that the last one is it bad
on Birdseye what is that what business
logos that give up ours Quaker Quaker
Oats so I got 10 out of 15 right but I
actually remember I said I actually got
to get that one because he said it wrong
so I actually got 11 which means I
actually got what I said I was going to
get so pretty happy of that hopefully
you guys enjoyed playing along as well
you seem to like the logo ones so yeah
give the video a thumbs up if you did
and I'll see you tomorrow another video
but
