hello beautiful sexy people everyone
loves Disney don't they like there is
some Disney film that every of people
like now I'm not fan of Disney films
like there is one Disney film that
everyone likes I love Disney films but
today we're going to be looking at the
dark twisted weird origins behind some
of people's favorite Disney films style
from number one The Little Mermaid
when mermaids die they turned to seafoam
and cease to exist in the original story
Prince was in love with a different girl
breaking the little mermaid heart
spoiler alert probably a problem
I mean you must you must have seen these
films she's face of a dilemma if she
slays the prince and lets his blood drip
on her feet she'll turn back into a
mermaid ultimately she can't bring
herself to the deed and instead flings
herself into the ocean
transforming into sea foam number two
Cinderella Cinderella the girl with the
small fee the original fairy tale is
completely disgusting when her
stepsisters can't fit into the shoe one
of them cuts off her toe and the other
cuts off her heel that's not what
happens in the film is it like that's
the original story could you imagine
that if it Disney film it that steps
this can't failing they're like ah screw
it
get that knife I'll chop your toe from
you chop my head off
alright on after that Cinderella has her
magic birds Peck out her stepsisters
eyes because of the the bad that I've
done my kind off their own body parts if
that was bad enough she also slams a
chest lid on her stepmothers neck
breaking her neck and killing her so
Cinderella is a lovely little girl in
the Disney film she is isn't she truth
is maybe not so much
The Lion King probably my all-time
favorite Disney film apparently it's
completely plagiarized from a Japanese
cartoon but Disney say it's based off of
Shakespeare's Hamlet
didn't know that Aladdin and the king of
the thieves is that what it's called
Aladdin and the King of Thieves so this
is the sequel so apparently Aladdin's
dad is killed and his body parts are
buried everywhere stacked around a
treasure cave as
warning to travelers as pretty
disgusting and then later on his body is
stitched back together so that his
family think he died of natural causes
so so after being chopped up there's a
little tiny stitch back together it's
like yeah you're back to a normal body I
love number five Sleeping Beauty I love
Sleeping Beauty so unlike the story of
you know kissing Sleeping Beauty and
there you guys down a story see me he
gets up gets gets a pretty nothing and
doesn't just splint or something she
gets passed out and then no one can wake
up oh my god oh my god who can wake her
Oh true love can wake her prince
charming comes along gives her a little
kiss on the mouth oh look at that we
mutants awake but in the actual story
mr. prince charming comes along sea sea
sleeping beauty sleep in and rapes her
rapes her and leaves yes who doesn't
wake her up he's not all you've got you
got a splinter he rapes her that's not
showing in the film is it
she then gives birth to twins while
she's asleep and then it's one of the
babies that sucks the splinter out of
her finger that wakes her up
stories told a little bit differently
isn't it enjoying the necks on Hercules
actually hurt mom said weren't my biceps
out yesterday so this is based on Greek
myths which apparently a lot of these
were pretty messed up anyway starting
off with Zeus tricking Hercules his mum
into having sex with him awesome great
so as a child Hercules kills his music
tutor and then later once he's married
he becomes a psychopath and kills all of
his children who would have known and
then he gets married like multiple times
after and has some gay lovers but of
course none of that's ever shown in the
Disney films the Fox and the Hound them
said I don't think I've seen this one in
the original novel Todd collapses from
exhaustion and dies copper's owner who's
an alcoholic moves into a home and then
decides to shoot copper and then copy
dies okay The Hunchback anatra Don
absolutely loved this film as well
good old Quasimodo so the original fit
the original film the original novel
shows Quasimodo betraying Esmerelda off
she refuses
to show him love whatever he hangs her
in the square just hangs her he does
feel bad for that though so he then
decides to lie with her corpse and
starve himself until he dies and then
like no one finds their bodies for ages
then people find them and then when they
tried to move the bodies they dust
appears and they disappear
Pocahontas Whincup knows one's a little
bit deep her life kind of sucks she
didn't really like John Smith you
remember John Smith because he lied
about pretty much everything she was
also kidnapped and held hostage for a
year she was renamed her name is changed
to Rebecca she unfortunately died at 21
and then I'm not only that her grave was
then destroyed off she died so yeah
people people liked Pocahontas but in
the Disney film tokens is a legend
remember if you're not aware none of
these are true stories and these are
like the original novels but Disney has
obviously taken them and made them nice
Alice in Wonderland
so apparently Lewis Carroll the guy who
wrote Alice in Wonderland wrote it about
weird like mathematic concepts and
apparently he thought that you don't
give to understand it if you're on drugs
or something like that Peter Pan there's
some amazing Disney films in the
original novel Peter isn't as a as nice
as he's perhaps made out to be he when
the when the Lost Boys become too old he
just kills them just like mad you're
gone I'm gonna stab you my knife The
Princess and the Frog I don't think I've
ever seen this one Eva so you know the
famous like Oh she kisses the frog and
doesn't the Frog turn to a prince but
apparently in first adaptations of the
story his head was chopped off and skin
burned the poor frog to try and break
this love curse so now how chopping
someone's head off would cure that but
hey well there we go that is the truth
behind 12 Disney films - the dumb I
really enjoyed that video I hope you did
as well if you would like more was kind
of a bit conspiracy esque
wasn't meaning to just happen like that
so yeah if you enjoyed it and you want
more give video a thumbs up I'll see you
tomorrow moving on video all right if
you guys good
by
