hello hello hello hello today we're
gonna get into it we the first people to
ever do this on this channel yeah try
not to cringe musically edition what do
you think about that first person to
ever do on YouTube nothing that wrong
with that I quite like the double down
yeah you gotta stop that I just I'm not
gonna have a go at little kids cuz I
think it's actually quite cute on them
and also they probably know they don't
but like how the head bag is like when
you we go in the morning and you got
pink hair
Candace the show's version is what's for
the tongue the tongue is like extending
out the mouth like but quite good this
oh I'm sorry
not I'm not taking this out the kids but
like come on dude like just don't with
the old 6-pack tents
this girl's like yeah I just woke up and
I'm gonna do my musically yeah uh huh
you know what it is oh my god is this
double deaf kid again how long it is all
she's impressive wish I did I bet you
two get a basketball he's got the same
elbows as me we've both put dodgy elbows
you can't see some in jumper wear it
like bends out this is just hurting my
ears what is this song corn dude puppet
if you're gonna if you're gonna do it if
you can't do musically you got go for it
mate you're not going for it
okay what she'll of gums it's not a dad
that's not bad let's not have made his
like swinging is although it's like he's
it's like a Steph Curry basketball shot
he's like trying to shoot as quickly can
please don't go
oh that dog lies either by uh twice with
all these guns why are these kids using
these napkins they're musically match
and you got to see your feet for the
running man don't stand don't understand
the dogs move this person's out of sync
as well this is the same person a pink
hair
I'd love to like know these situations
it like is it like yo I'm in the coop
mum she's gone and done the food shop
and I'm waiting in the car
quick I've got a few minutes I need to
film this video but you just wouldn't
film in front your parents anything he
knows the words when I serve some
people's dad oh let's honey key fingers
quite funny
oh she's clearly got some fan for the
effect oh she's in front of a weird
window what's happening crazy how young
these kids are like see I'm watching
this thinking these kids are like six
years old
it's quite cute someone when you paint
like little six-year-old kid just like
singing to their phone give it some man
like don't be nervous if you're gonna do
it don't be like nice Aaron chu man you
got beat I go for it you could do it I
believe in you
well there we go that was me reacting to
me that's a highly requested video as
well by the way of doing musically stuff
so there you go you had it whoo let me
know if you want more I said my aim is
not to insult little kids that I don't
think that's fair but you know I can sit
there and cringe a little bit of what
they're doing
oh yeah loads of people actually asked
me to go musically because obviously for
me on Saturday and stuff I'm always like
seeing them dicking about but it's just
me I'm gonna laugh although I would I
reckon I would smash musically because
I'm a pretty sort of lip syncher don't
think I'm gonna make the move over there
yet but um yeah and you've either thumbs
up and I see it over one right bye
