hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
scary video no it's not a scary video
but it's dark it's very dark around here
and I tweeted asking what you people
would like to see on the channel and
loads of you are saying conspiracy
theories so today we are going to be
taking a look and jumping into our first
conspiracy theory we have reacted to you
know ten of the most look top ones or
whatever but today we're actually going
in and having a look ourselves at one in
particular that particular conspiracy
theory is did humans really land on the
moon I don't know much about this I know
it is a huge conspiracy theory and I
remember reading about it years ago but
other than that I can't really remember
a lot but yeah we're going to jump right
in moon landing conspiracy a conspiracy
theories which claim that some or all
elements of the Apollo program The
Associated moon landings were hoaxes
staged by NASA with aid of other
organizations no one's and on the moon
in like over thirty years obviously the
first time we lack we landed on the moon
was like in the 50s I believe they
claimed to have landed on the moon
they're the first people that land on
the moon but did they really land there
because there's a lot of funny things
that went on so there's several
different theories as to why NASA and
the government may have decided to stage
these theory number one the space race
motivation from the US United States
America to engage the Soviet Union in a
space race so there was no one had done
it yeah and obviously it had been talked
about and there's probably people
competing and thinking it yeah if
we're the first people there we're gonna
be superior and out the rest of the
world we're gonna make history I mean
best people in the world though so there
was you know that is why it may have
been claimed it might only be physically
possible to land on the moon so that is
why they may have staged it to make it
look like they were the first
to land on the moon second theory is to
do with NASA's funding and the that they
staged the whole thing to get rid of
humiliation to make it look like they
were doing you know the money that
they're raising was doing good and it
was going to good causes and it's
actually beneficial from you know the
hundreds of millions of dollars they
probably receive in funding
oh no hang on thirty billion so lots and
lots and lots of hundreds of millions
here we go Mary Bennet and David Percy
have claimed in their book something
wouldn't have been televised or shown
for the first time with that many risks
being associated around NASA and what
could have gone wrong so that in itself
is another why and the third theory is
to do with the Vietnam War this theory
is that apparently the the time of the
moon landings was at the same time that
the Vietnam War ended and it would
distract people's attention from that to
the moon landings those are three
theories
moving on to perhaps data or things that
back these up now this is what I
remember we're moving on to photograph
and film on these particular the waving
flag so apparently when it was first
shown the moon landing on TV you know
they put a flag down and you can see the
flag waving like the wind is making the
flag wave so the obvious problem here is
that there is no wind there is no wind
in the atmosphere in the moon so why
would a flag that usually if you stick
it in the ground or on a house would
flutter away you stick it on the moon it
theoretically shouldn't move or flutter
as it would normally as weird use the
same I mean looking at that pigeon I
mean I of it I mean no one none of us
here really know what it's like doing
because burn it up little sabrine from
the moon but it does look like that now
it looks like there are a little bit
sand in a dark studio and ice flag to
stick in the ground and thought oh you
know get big bright
ahead of us does look a bit weird a
limit unexplained object so here is a
picture of photographs of the moon
landings were release theories quick to
notice a mysterious object shown above
in the reflection of an astronaut's
helmet from the Apollo 12 mission quite
unconfused as to can't really looks like
a tower there's a little like a tower oh
here you go
the object appears to be hanging from a
rope or wire which has no reason to be
there at all which obviously makes
people think that in film studios you
have loads of hanging wires and loads of
things all over the place and that is
could be a camera could be a spotlight
it could be anything hanging from one
eyes I'm just looking to picture myself
to see what I think and yeah there is
that that object right there
what is that like that is a very
peculiar isn't it the ship there
shouldn't be anything floating there is
it perhaps a light or could it be a bit
of fog on the inside of his of his thing
you know might have had a sneeze and got
its not up there just saying but look on
both side you see lack of stars there
are no clouds in the moon's atmosphere
so seeing stars is much easier than you
can see from the Earth's surface and
through all the videos and photos that
were taken from here guess what there's
no stars and NASA's excused all of this
is that the quality of the cameras well
the quality of the recording equipment
wasn't good enough to get the stars you
know to pick them up which I don't know
what they would look like on the moon
but that makes sense because I'll have
you ever been really it's a really
starry night now I'll take a picture of
it and it doesn't show and that's
technology we have today right through
your phone I'm just saying to your phone
I think this is very weird like reading
this you're like it's a bit odd isn't it
and another theory is that Stanley
Kubrick directed it he was approached by
the US government to film this fake moon
landing
so apparently Stanley was not apparently
he did he released a film a space film a
year before the moon landing and it was
so amazing to NASA and how it portrayed
space that they then got in touch with
him and
the US government groomed him into
agreeing to do this okay now this is I
don't know this is going too far but the
shining loved that film which is also by
this director Stanley Kubrick you can
pick up on some alleged messages hidden
by him to subtly inform the world that
he was part of this whole procedure one
of them is that the boy that little boy
the child was wearing on Apollo 11 shirt
for one scene another is the line
written on Jack Nicholson's carets
typewriter which said all work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy in which the
word all can be interpreted as a 11 or
Apollo 11 I don't know about that that I
don't know if that's pulling it strings
there like the other stuff seems way
more realistic to believe than that but
hey I yeah that's just my opinion if you
aren't convinced yet Stanley made the
mysterious hotel room in the film number
237 guess how many miles it is from here
to the moon
two hundred and thirty eight thousand so
divide that by a thousand and minus one
and you've got one airtight theory right
there that again is Matt is pulling it
strings for me like that I don't think
if it was fate
I do not think you would think of
putting that out in the film's that
that's conspiracy theories really
pulling there my opinion on the whole
thing is that it's bit of a bit
skeptical about it it's very it makes
sense when you see some of this stuff
but what's frustrating is the only
people who really know this is obviously
the people on that mission and NASA and
maybe some other presidents etc but did
it really happen I I think it's weird
that we haven't been back recently I
think that's saying something but why
has it been such a long time since
someone's been on the moon backed up
with all the other like the flag thing I
don't know what their excuses were for
that but it's all a bit odd but I'm
opening up to you guys what do you think
after hearing this information what you
may already know if you've researched it
yourself what do you think about the
situation and yeah I hope you have
enjoyed this video it's been really fun
to me like I'm full of learn a lot yeah
I'm getting really into it so if you
want me to continue this I'll make it as
a series give the video a thumbs up and
maybe we can yeah we can make it serious
I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow alright good bye
