people like hey I did say I was gonna
snapchat that I'm live kind of forgot to
do that so it's too late now I guess
isn't it's too late to be like oh I'm
just gonna pause this livestream and
snapchat so hey hello how's it going
yeah welcome to my second ever live show
on my channel I told you guys I'm gonna
be doing these weekly I was meant to do
it the other sorry about the light if
it's bad it's come under some spotlights
I was meant to do it you have a day
going to the hit the road premiere I was
I'll be really cool I'll go to hit row
premiere and I will live stream the red
carp here and it'll be really awesome
and I'll be able to get loads of people
who go to the premiere I'll hang out
with them on the red carpet and I
thought it'd be fun for you guys turns
out on my way there as in the car and
then Regent Street got closed for
something as I got there and so we've
sat in traffic for ages and I was like
huh I'm gonna be young live which I do
and then I had to get on my corn run to
the red carpet because I was the last
person to enter and everyone was waiting
for me so I felt really bad as it was
and I had three minutes on the carpets
trying to as many pictures a cup of you
guys and obviously can do life here in
three minutes so yeah anyway how you
doing today on a Sunday it's four
o'clock right oh don't say lag don't say
lag because my Wi-Fi is really bad so
yeah how are you doing
I love my hair Thanks ah yeah had it
read I'd since our last live show so
it's very bright very bright and we will
do yeah because I don't know if I should
come up with concept these because kind
of just want to hang out for a bit of
you guys um like a live show up see
answer your questions and just blah blah
but I thought today I could also give
you a little go downstairs tour which
will do so yeah so you doing work I can
see your comments by the way on my
screen I don't know what you're watching
on right now but on my screen they're
all like flash up here really quickly so
if haven't seen your comment just keep
trying and hopefully I will I'll get to
it got a got a red cup here at Starbucks
cup for the old Christmas cups do I have
any pets no I don't unfortunately I
don't have any pets
I would love a cat and I'll also love a
dog one day a one day maybe one I don't
travel so much nothing's a little bit
unfair do a Maine accent I can't do man
just accent I'm sorry I just call I just
can't do it
am i doing anything for Christmas do you
know what the only thing I know I'm
doing for Christmas did I tell you guys
I was doing this don't 5 told you yes is
I'm going to do a um a video with my
family a yoga video but like with the
whole family so I'm gonna get my mom my
sisters my stepdad we're all gonna dress
up in yoga clothes and yet yo outfits
for everyone and we're gonna do do I
read your tweets a lot I lost your
comment sorry you've got 14 pets good
for you
I hope there's enough people after those
14 pets so yeah but today oh that can
can I don't see that person over there
just quickly do you wear the hoodie
everywhere this is my purpose to hoody
it's freezing outside literally just
went outside and it's freezing I also
don't know how delayed your comments are
so when I'm like oh did you see that and
then I don't know how long until I'm
seeing on the screen is but yeah where's
my hoodie from its Justin Bieber's
purpose tool merch and they do in
Selfridges they have a section on it
well I happened to be in there the day
they always Reese like it was opened by
chance I was looking for is like oh I
wanted some of that so that's good
so yeah well wait I'll just wait like a
few more minutes till some more people
come and then I'll just don't know give
you guys a little tour you can ask
questions about areas of my house oh I
hate your hair thank you that's very
kind of you thank you very much what
drinks in the cup in the cup we have got
very boring drink black coffee drink a
lot coffee drink it black no milk no
sugar just me and the old coughs prank
call someone that'd be hard because I'm
using my phone right now this is my
phone
see that's why I can like yo how can I
read comments because I can see him down
here that's how I read them when you put
up your Christmas decorations Oh
honestly haven't even thought of that
haven't even thought of it where would I
put a Christmas tree in here yeah a
little one in this corner reckon we
could get a little Christmas tree here
you're looking what do you think no one
there that bit that'd be fun will Marcus
video we can do the Christmas tree
together maybe we can do that in one of
the live shows that'll be fun that's a
good idea
that's it if you've heard it here first
if any other youtuber does that
copyright get Lam a copyright strike
how'd you like that how's life life is
good life is very good thank you
oh yeah also if you're watching right
now I can I don't know where you can see
them I see thumbs up here that relates
to you clicking thumbs up doesn't it so
if you're watching go give the video a
thumbs up why not let's see how many we
can get the last time I said that it
literally went up like a few thousand it
was pretty insane yes it was really cool
I like I can see the emojis on here as
well like when you comment emojis I can
see them I know let's play a game
describe yourself in one emoji yeah one
emoji describe yourself I want to see
all your emojis come
three one hit Bucky again when the post
was like wearing this in the last life
show if I was writing that in the last
last live show this embarrassing for me
and it looks like I don't have a shower
wash will change my clothes do you live
in an apartment or house I live in a
house but it said like a Barry it's like
a Diddy little house it's not like a
when you say how she thing like I don't
know you you think I think like our
family house is just like a little
little house maybe well maybe I'll so my
other worry you guys wash you're doing
your emoji thing I feel very told why
should it in your emoji thing I need to
be careful that basically the Wi-Fi in
my house is awful like so so bad so
hopefully it's not going to cut out as
I'm walking around the house if it does
sorry
don't know what we'll do we'll just have
to come back maybe yeah this is what I
like to call my living area you can see
so yeah basic front doors here that's my
door nice wooden door yep lovely I have
a thing here where if I might speak to
people outside so this house is really
cool it has like cameras and stuff and
so when Tom rings the thing like there's
a camera that comes up but I can like
press it anytime and speak to people by
day now to work it's that don't ever
speak because I feel like that through
the door someone's at the door I can
just go hello over then hello so yeah
yeah from this angle this is a TV
obviously my oh god I've seen someone
saying it's glitching already please say
is glitching this is a fireplace lovely
fireplace it's also thank
don't tell anyone it's fake good so yeah
my lovely real fireplace that we can get
some fantastic fires from this is a
quite quite quite little cool thing but
this is an old-school camera it's like a
knowledgeable parents like a fake
old-school camera again it's er
everything everything's fake welcome to
the fake house it's not fake it's my
real house this is this one's gonna cool
it's cool it like that my mom got me
Christmas last year for my birthday that
doesn't turn on oh wait hey Stage Door
oh God
some people say it's glitchy I'm gonna
pause and see if it's glitchy is it
glitchy or is it okay that's the big
question
Lag lag mojo saying no okay it's fine
it's not glitchy well there we go
if it is during out suggest yeah I
really like my minimalistic art I have
some they look like this is actually
really fun I didn't I didn't plan any of
this I was like oh yeah everything ends
up being faked guess what guys these are
my fake flowers but then they look
really real but they're not I didn't
realize how many fake things I had in my
house
what else is fake in here that's not
real fur that's fake fur that's a fake
person it's not real you didn't know
your little laugh over there is there
anything else to show you in this area
yeah it's my living areas where I spend
times Netflix Inge and chilling the the
real Netflix engine well not though yeah
I mean actually chilling anyway
yeah then over here we have a fake
person Oh mannequin challenge no idea
what that look like I'm just going to
switch hands oh you can have a little
bit of thumb there Soares this was about
that so yeah this is my living area my
living area it's my dining area where
guess what I dine and we work from this
area so we sit here I sit in the big boy
office chair because I have a dodgy back
it'd be funny if the connection goes out
here wouldn't it the internet likes to
be good on this table I'm not gonna stay
I'm not gonna stay in this area too long
because the Internet's really really bad
so I'm just gonna kind of show you from
like here that's the big boy office
chair that's Matt's chair that's Matt by
the way hello I get a nice chair cheers
mate
good chair for me that's very close are
you close that's too close
we should also tell you
it's not know I was gonna say the
podcast if you guys know I'm doing a
podcast Lowe's you're saying lagging and
glitching so I'm gonna sit here I'm
literally gonna sit here I'm gonna sit
here you just froze up up please please
I'll be okay now my internet box is in
or what fake internet as well literally
it's so bad I can just see comments
saying like glitch so glitches well okay
you're saying it's fine now gonna stay
here I'm gonna stay here I'm not gonna
move okay cool right well that's kind of
ruin the house tour a bit I'll it that
that shows how about the internet I went
from here to there you can see that's
not far that's like five steps and yeah
that's really annoying because I was
gonna show you my kitchen and then
upstairs but yeah there's and the
annoying thing is people like wouldn't
you get better internet well yeah better
internet it's like the best Internet as
physically possible in this area is what
I have
we can't upload videos off of my
internet we have to hotspot my phone so
yeah anyway back to us saying so
tomorrow we have podcast coming out me
and him say hi oh yeah well the other
thing is guys last time I did a live
show Matt was here he was downstairs and
after I finished it here did you see my
concerts like no no I didn't see your
comments and you know I can see your
comments here turns out there was 85,000
comments from last week's live show
85,000 comments
oh dear oh dear
I've got poor connection shown on my
phone please don't die it still says
poor connection bad connection oh please
please stay hang on I'm back are we've
lost a thousand people because that so
what I've done is I've turned my phone
off of the Wi-Fi on to my 4G but again
phone signals not let get in the house
so hopefully it's okay although I can't
see any comments let's see if this comes
back I'm just gonna hang out here for a
little bit
hmm
no comments are coming through so this
isn't really a good sign
maybe I'm just gonna sit and talk for a
bit and see what happens
well what we're saying is me and him
have a live stream coming out and then
we don't we have a podcast coming out if
you haven't subscribed
it's called lower your expectations it's
free a podcast if you're not aware what
a podcast is podcast is where you we sit
around that table we have topics we talk
about and we just make a fun little
thing and it's available on iTunes for
free you can subscribe to it and then it
comes out every Monday you can list it
on your phone it's about an hour long
each episode so yeah if you haven't
ready I'd recommend subscribing to it
it's free
yeah I'm really concerned now that this
isn't working because I can't see any
comments right now oh I didn't realize
that's cool I'm gonna no I don't want to
cancel my stream can the comments work
though I check maybe for hi chat and
then show chat oh don't do this
oh you have to plan how can do the older
live show and I can show you the house
better next time because Oh someone's
tweeted me FY your live stream is
working fine well thanks that that it's
working fine and I'm glad it's working
fine I just can't see any comments right
now so I'm just gonna Karen talking to
you gonna talk to you ah it's really
hard now : answer any of your questions
that's testing you isn't it ask penny on
the spot when it directly that's what
it's like when you see like a news
reporter on TV when they have their
lines that they have to
and then all of a sudden it's like in
there they get song down and now we we
need you to just talk just talk live on
air that's what I have to do right now
so yeah
can't really do that I could try
continue the house tour because I can't
read your comments but I don't know if
going over here is gonna lag so let's
see if it lags it lags a and it stops
the show or its gonna tell me how bad
connection
doesn't he look like Oliver Twist or a
train driver wearing it's not from the
box but the collection wearing my jumper
this is my kitchen
oh the lighting is very bright a lot
better in here isn't it a lot better in
here it's quite a small kitchen but it's
a nothing here did I tell you if you
follow me on snapchat also how cute is
this this is the advent calendar that my
mum got for me so thank you mum love you
mum so I ordered some takeaway coffee
cups the other day from Amazon because I
often like to have coffee and then if
I'm going out as much I wanna make a
coffee but can take you out too then
have like any takeaway cops or anything
so yeah yeah I'll order some coffee cups
it's a lot of coffee cups isn't it guys
is there I'm not starting my own coffee
company but it doesn't look like if you
come in the house also got the Red Solo
cups and you'll see why in tonight's
video so tonight's video going up on
this channel is a DIY video we tried
this video a long time ago we tried this
video well you're seeing you'll see in
the video we tried to do this
like four weeks ago and it just flop it
flopped so bad it went completely wrong
but we did it this time and we've done
it who correct away so that's going up
tonight so I'm really excited for you
guys to see it I was getting up at 6
o'clock as always
yeah than that I don't know maybe I'll
try spinning the camera stay there this
is the more Marcus bag this is
everything that we buy you know we need
like food coloring and stuff I've got
bad connection again please have good
connection please have a good connection
I can just see bad connection
well I'm just gonna sip on my coffee
you know why last week's live show
worked so well because I sat out yeah
we've lost another 2,000 people so I
know you can hear this but last week's
live show worked so well because I sat
upstairs and almost on my on my bed
upstairs is good connection to 40 so
maybe that's where I'm going after you
my shows in the future stop tweeting me
only white my phone is just saying bad
connection and I'm having people
tweeting me saying that it's bad
connection it's just fuzzy so I'm gonna
have to end this here I'm sorry my house
sucks so that was a good house tour you
saw a few fake things and you saw some
bad internet so someone just said looks
like you're filming or a tamagotchi but
it's chill awesome that's really awesome
it's actually really annoying it's
annoying cause I can't interact with you
guys part of the reason I'm doing this
is so I can interact with you and the
comments aren't even working like it's
literary stuff being on the same two
comments from one saying hi bro and one
saying like the last five to seven
minutes so yeah next week's live show
I'm gonna do on Wednesday probably and
Wednesday or Thursday so yeah I'll
figure out the internet for that I just
like to stay upstairs so yeah sorry
about that and I will see you then all
right um this bad connection goodbye
