today is going to be obviously from
tight or reacting to hate video I kind
of enjoy doing these and you guys really
enjoy it too so yeah if you saw it the
other day posted a main channel video
which was a rap song made for you it was
called like yeah this raps on me if you
had a lot of fun with it it was like
when I do these rap songs it's a
complete joke like it's a parody I know
it it's me taking the piss etc etc and
this isn't a video where I'm like making
excuses for that like it's very obvious
what it is but there has been some
really funny comments so let's just
recently it's funny comments this is a
nice comment and what what's great with
this is it's had 500 thumbs up wish he
got ran over lovely so yeah fantastic
glad that you're watching my channel and
you you actually wanted to see me get
hit by a car I did actually hate to see
that comment as soon as it went up I had
a little weak witty respond to myself
his username is parked the bussers like
hopefully buy your bus sorry what a
lovely thing to say it's kind of
cringe-worthy but at the same time the
comments included the song are hilarious
the salad hang like a so many people
like this is cringe buck to 1000 it's
like guys it's not me being seriously
I'm not making that video thinking
I'm cool like I'm walking down through
yeah I'm cool I'm taking the piss I also
realized I cannot I cannot sing on the
chorus there is more auto-tune Jacob
cactuses song who's Jacob cactus but
it's still better than all of his songs
I would actually like to clarify on that
in the course there is no auto-tune
whatsoever there is however a
shitload of reverb if you compare when I
made you the New Year song on that
channel versus that song the New Year
song sound quality is awful
and then that's good you slowed all
Shane and then I just realized what
reverb was so I started using a bit
reverb on this who's Jacob cactus does
she mean Jacob sartorius there is no one
called Jacob cactus I think she means
Jacob satorious why did he bite his lip
when he said you are my daddy I'm
for life thanks dad did I bite my lip
you are my daddy pilot if I did I wasn't
intentionally trying to be like sexy
like yeah like Oh Marcus four years ago
and I would make thumbnails like it's
just getting crazier than it must be
doing drugs cuz his videos are crap yes
I must be doing drugs because my videos
are how what where how does that make
any sense I'm not doing drugs yeah fair
enough link more videos of crap per to
be fair a lot of my videos are random
like very random so you might put two
and two together and think that yeah as
videos a random therefore maybe I'm high
all the time or something I'm not the
high pitched oh yeah at the end really
got me hilarious
so what we actually did is I recorded my
own falsetto
for the whole track of that bit like
that this son is made for you it was
literally like that and realize how
awful it sounded so yeah we we just
thought we'd throw it on at the end
because so funny this is actually
thank you thank you very much I could
hear a bit of lie yeah to be honest you
probably kidding it marks in there
victory the cringy estudio I've ever
seen I don't underst like when people
saying it's pretty is it because they
think that I'm being serious in that
like I guess if you don't know me you've
never watched a video and you watch it
you might be like what the is going
it was cringy but it's like I don't
understand I just don't get it
is this supposed to be serious yes I am
hoping to get such a record deal
by that who knows I might even sign
myself for my music management company
because I really think I'm talented and
you know I'm actually looking to branch
out into a musical career so you might
see me stop YouTube in the next year and
you know really trying to take on the
music is the same this reminded me of a
shitty school project
early I was quite funny I think you know
I like the feel what's funny is the song
I think the filming is quite good though
you know using the old finger Bob a you
tone-deaf LeMay oh if you didn't realize
that already yes I cannot sing to save
my life
I would like to there to be an option
where you could imagine you to pay like
500 pounds and there was this thing that
could suck like this laser or something
good and then you could sing incredibly
for their actual your life would you do
that I think I'd do that I think my got
ears got aids not even gonna lie nice
sorry but I couldn't hear you rapping
over the sound of me cringing basically
honey G collab why not opens that I'm
actually getting pissed off amount of
times I've seen your face on t FL Tory
really sore hip-hopper
my face isn't around London that much
I've got a nice smiley face I don't like
what why this little face annoying you
just smiling I liked his raps when it
actually looked like he was being
serious and trying to be a good rapper
this one is so over the top it's obvious
it's supposed to be bad but the
soundtrack doesn't go the video like you
can tell the song was recorded inside
even though he's outside which isn't
right it just doesn't mesh well at all
well thank you for your in depth
feedback on this lovely video but yeah
right it's there was nowhere near as
much effort or but I didn't make I
didn't put any money into the actual
sound production I just recorded out my
dining table whereas when I made the
raps I actually worked with the music
producer didn't like the echoing in the
music video but overall it was great oh
well thank you
sorry there was too much echo echo what
the this is
 have nothing to say that is an
opinion I have nothing to add to that
the last note was the reason for my
crippling depression just because I
can't sing doesn't mean I won't sing
don't tell me if you can't sing all the
people we're gonna start community for
everyone who can't sing I know you sing
and I know you're proud to say
in your house when your favorite songs
on I know you sing along thinking you
can send that's all I was doing just
thinking I could send ksi diss track not
is it I just said I'm a better rapper
than ksi which I obviously am it must
take a lot of confidence to prance
around the streets like that it really
does like you have no idea how dickless
I look walking down the street rapping
like yeah yeah yeah yeah but hey that's
have you seen the color of my hair I
don't really care
you really should audition for x-factor
I should know that's never gonna happen
so yes that is me responding and reading
some of the hate comments on the video
you guys know that I read loads of the
comments on the videos and there's
obviously a lot of nice clients and I'm
very appreciative of those concert thank
you if you leave nice comments it's just
funnier to react to the hate points
because it's usually people leaving
stupid things and yeah I like to give
them my two pennies path but yeah hope
you like this video if you want more
reactants hate comments maybe just give
me some hate and then I'll react
never give it thumbs up if you want more
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video okay that we get back
