hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going welcome to a video where I would
like to perhaps start a series of this
so going back I went to Paris sometime
last month and I was on the Eurostar and
unfortunately Eurostar hit somebody and
it came to a whole and we were on the
train for seven hours and I tweeted I
was like oh I have any of you got some
entertaining stories to help time pass
and loads you tweeted me some funny
stories and I screenshot some of those
and they see what I think it'd be really
funny to do is hear some of your stories
like a lot of youtuber a lot of what
this challenge is me sharing stories
like about me or like my embarrassing
stories etc but I think it's really
funny to read other people's
embarrassing stories so this video is a
call-out for the comment section to
share your embarrassing stories any kind
of story you've had that you think's
embarrassing or you've wanted to you
know have a kill myself now on a moment
like please share these comments because
I will then use this video to create
that series and then we can create like
a community and we can read for each
other's comments and just have a lot of
fun often our embarrassment if you've
got a story leave it down below so these
are going to be short because these are
from Twitter and Twitter obviously you
only have a hundred forty characters but
we're still going to go Sophie one time
I was with my friend and her cat jumped
on her and I literally watched her hand
go up its ass hashtag r.i.p dignity hash
I cut up I peek at you hash tagging
r.i.p cat because she fisted her cat to
death of it like accidentally of course
not I mean that'd be weird but was this
actually a moment where her hand
actually penetrated that cat's bum hole
or you know her hand just touch because
you've all done that you know when
you've got your pet cat and then you
accidentally touch this bomb and then
you know actually you probably just had
a shit and I'm just wiped your bum and
century of my hand or did her hand
physically insert that cat saw so that's
what I want to know Sara have us one
time I dropped my phone while on the
treadmill and it
off the conveyor belt and smack someone
in the shin oops
that's really funny ELISA was this shin
though not someone's face the only thing
I can say about I when I first start
going to gym when I was like 14 I went
my dad my dad meant we'd go like a
couple of evenings a week and I was just
in the gym walking around and my dad was
on the running machine my dad was
watching TV because it was up there like
watch TV and running I swear to God my
dad face-planted straight down face
smack down on the belt and flight but
you know when you fall in it flings up
the air that was him he flung straight
at the machine he thought was there so I
pretended he wasn't my dad
dartie Pearson and my sisters are a a
girl wore a white dress then got her
period no one told her hello darkness my
old friend what isn't she meant to know
herself when she gets her period
oh you mean we are as in like she like
leaked leaked out onto the dress but if
your girl don't you know like you get in
pain and like you kind of know these
things don't you like when you do and
expect it and stuff like that and you
can prepare for that or are you
something like oh shit that's that's a
pair of jeans gone for me have you seen
Brooke have you seen the film
constipation no question mark that's
because it hasn't come out yet but um
Shh
Burton Shh tickled me that one Hanna
funny story I locked myself out of my
uni house yesterday
and one of my flatmates had to come get
me yeah at least you had flatmates that
could let you in though you know it's
not like you you're living on your own
because when you lock yourself out and
you live on your own
that's when you realize that you fucked
up I once did that I locked myself at my
own place left my keys in Berlin so that
was fun to get a locksmith to come and
break into your house I was out in
Berlin for a friend's birthday and we
stayed out clubbing till 7 a.m. got back
to the hotel had one hours sleep left at
8 a.m. so you know wasn't in a stable
set mind when I was like packing my
stuff up I had obviously I'm very like
tired hungover
get to my door then realize you left
your keys in Berlin yeah that's that's
what you call a fun hangover there was a
piece of bread in the toilet school hey
but actually actually a loaf of bread in
the toilet like what's the story behind
that I've got one kind of memory Sims
that I remember in first school I used
to get really nervous eating my packed
lunch and one time I felt sick I didn't
have anyone sit with and I remember that
I don't know why I have this memory
about how old it was it was a I had a
packet of the cheese and onion who loops
remember the green packet I took them to
the toilet locked myself in the toilet
and just ate my hoops on the toilet no
idea why I have that memory but that's
why I remember doing a Doren con I
walked out the school toilets the other
day with my skirt tucked up in my tights
and some boys told me well at least the
boys told you yeah at least someone told
you before realizing you've been after
the whole day Pirkle days I once rode
down a hill into a group of sheep who
chased me because I pointed I'm just
picturing someone rollin into a herd of
sheep and then then chasing after you
we need underscore WYD there was a tree
I climbed the tree I fell off the tree
the tree got cut down the end would you
mean the tree got cut down want to know
more about that story Butler's bay I
fell down the stairs in school like I
was on my phone and my knees just gave
way and I saw kneeled on the step ow
oh you probably are pretty Savage
bruised after that Butler's beanie
well I tripped up the stairs and sit
form the other day and humiliated myself
yeah that's a weird why's that I often
do that like trip up that says when you
say yeah I tripped up the stairs it's
like how do you do it but I think is
actually more hazardous walking up the
stairs because when you walk down the
stairs you just like you know gravity
kind of helps you walking on this edge
you're going against that bastard you
flip and got and lift your legs up and
get over that step so I think it's
actually more hazardous going up stairs
sprinkle of soap yeah I want 20 to
Tesco's bought an apple and went
and get this I ate the apple on my way
home no fucking way you need to be kept
on a leash you loose canon you Amy I had
a dream that I saved your pet lion from
the sea last night
shame rules and a pet tiger but hey if I
had a pet lion and you saved it still be
really thankful for that - thank you
very much and there we go that rounds up
some of the funniest tweets I received
for you so please if you enjoyed this
video and I've just from reading the
tweets I really really enjoyed so I'd
love to read some of your embarrassing
stories and so like I said use this time
to leave your comments below share your
stories or friends story or family
member story just share it and we can
all laugh and learn from these
embarrassing moments so yeah I hope you
enjoyed this video give a thumbs up did
and I'll see you tomorrow over Narbonne
all right bye
