okay that guy's that's a tattoo oh not
if it's not in focus it's not that's how
my tattoo looks right now I'm actually
very very happy with that
the reason it's shiny is because I still
have a lovely coconut oil and tattoo
aunt Minh that I'm putting on to
continue the healing process it's pretty
much boy it's fully healed but I still
like to look after anyway the reason I'm
showing you that tattoo is because it
goes in theme for today's video which is
guess the celebrity by their tattoo we
did this on youtubers on youtubers now
we're doing it on celebrities fun fact
YouTube for whatever reason they decided
it was a valid reason band my video from
advertising apparently it wasn't
friendly to advertisers
now I queried that I haven't had
anything back yet still unsure as to why
is unfriendly for advertisers
guess news you buy a tattoo challenge I
can't I'm a threat unfriendly for
advertisers no ads they're saying
someone starts a pedophile in districts
that's fine it's cool isn't it you ready
number one okay how many celebs have we
got cool 12 12 celebs okay twelve
celebrities 12 tattoos I could be very
bad at this here we go that is ever seen
that before in the press this table
information I haven't laughed is really
like region I only guess because
actually likes cats uh she doesn't
change I was like I was a dog someone
very it's a serious is a long as one is
is it go yes yeah the cage parity no
what does that say does that say 20 on
the side okay so and then that can you
read that text if fish is funny is that
it's not Cara Delevigne it's not what
more guess one more swept to harder as a
singer yeah hello very big yeah it was a
very good guess they're white well yes
I'm trying I think about Lady gaga
no let's find out I'm sorry if you guys
know the answers to these ah Miley Cyrus
that kind of made sense I can imagine
having this those tattoos now oh my god
I've seen this I've literally seen this
tattoo
waiting on Pinterest yeah I think that's
dr. woo it's a girl yeah oh I literally
don't know it's so annoying so I was I
think I even showed that to Stephanie I
was like look how cool this is
well you only get the lion version of
that Tiger versions oh yeah I guess no I
do like - Tigers are just my favorite is
the stripe set your favor
no just cool they're majestic creatures
yeah what do you cry you saw it in the
wall yeah I would they don't know Africa
no lady born Asia yeah he's cool with
India you get a lot in India isn't it
yeah that's your attack people that they
come into villages I don't know it was
that on life on planet Earth
yeah anyway so that is my honest II
don't know is it any golden no it's a
girl a very singer no it's a British
girl actor actress part-time part-time
there's other things what things what
she famous for I think you know way she
non-sport the star no model yes
the cara delevingne yes happy of that I
didn't know that was a very old photo of
car that brilliant that's helpful on
even cedar
do you laugh yourself when you edit in
Photoshop I bet you do don't you
there are ones coming I feel like I've
seen that is it Nicole Kidman no it's
not completely wrong but do you feel
like I've seen is it one other
Kardashian
no but that's closer this person is HUGE
SH American yep
it's hard guys this one is hard oh oh is
it um no wrong ball pop they not an
actress
do I so do i his Angelina Jolie no yeah
I do I thought had my guess is let's
find out ah Selena Gomez I have seen it
there's an interesting smile a chair
yeah yeah good I'm a bigger chair
Mountain is a funny picture I would like
a tiger version of that no to be fair
I'm not with them I'm not into color
tattoos personally oh that is
interesting
there's a boy is they look quite young
no mmm middle-aged look quite skinny guy
ya think yes Hector has done too but not
known for it never seen not singing
music not Jarrod left oh no it's not
he's known for rapping known to wrap it
it's not a banana I did not know having
ever had a tattoo like that Eminem is a
legend oh my god such an old photo that
one round his wrist I'm not too sure
about that
I've seen that what does it say oh it's
very bad quality that someone from
Lonely Island
are you sure yeah positive
that is a good song oh isn't it I want
to listen to her
what how's it going I was like what is
it talk
I forgot Mother's Day do you get a gift
for her other plans got in the way she
will be so disappointed that I got it
too this could have been avoided what
the hell are we gonna do my mom's been
so fun and this is her daddy level if
you can play it off this video so it's
not any of them is it a female looks
looks like a female's um yeah I've
honestly have no idea but this like
British okay I was gonna say Katy Perry
I need to use your repertoire question
is it a firm cotton no I like that guess
so there's not an actress
yes I feel like I don't know you've met
this many actresses had tattoos is a
song from Game of Thrones no British
actress who are you
is it what's her name not Selena who's
my jewel or Ciera
Sienna Miller Miller personal younger
paws find out I'm doing shit on this
person by photo to apparently that looks
very I don't think that's real is not
real time I'm not really a fan of that
if I'm being honest um no there's loads
of Emma Watson fans out there don't kill
me I'm sorry I was gonna say do you know
who I said who isn't British what's her
name in Twilight Bella what's her name
what's her name is Christian Spears
Curtis - Christian on the roofs yeah
I'll figure that out it's a guy yeah I
don't recognize their body it's not
beeps quite famous for is tattoos
British quite famous for their tattoos
where footballer yes Dave Beckham yes
an interesting picture was he'd like I
think he's that Sam Singh event in Japan
or something in here just like hey guys
I got this for you it just lifts the top
light that's Harry stars very quick I
know his tattoo again I know you're
watching this Harry I'm not sure on the
chest ones the Swans and the butterfly
not five that's what he looks like
topless he's got quite cool one on his
right he's got quite a few cool ones up
his left arm what why view it more boys
going on here is it Adam Levine yeah
know what I do have a bit of a man crush
on Adam yeah I do have a bit man crush
it was so cute how he died he's really
supportive of his girlfriend it's quite
cute
a Victoria Secret model know that he's
always there in the crowd when she walks
he's always like oh I'm like giving it
some it's not I don't think he needs to
five does it's been doing for long time
they may have one of those bars that man
has changed the tour change that sounds
they yeah do you like them though I'm
actually you know it's like you moves
like Jagger and stuff as I'm here but
it's like you hate Coldplay and these
they know what they are called play out
yeah they're like I like you've got free
rice in the road so you're the role here
but definitely not of this person are
they British yes they look like they
look fake man they look not real why
they so dog
they look at someone's color the name of
a shopping it's reveal now
in color so I think it has been like
sharpened and stuff is it's like an
older guy is it an actor it is yeah it's
like are they English or British English
okay that image you are quite a big fan
it's not um I was gonna say Jared butter
but he is Scottish isn't there yeah it's
for Irish I think you can get this one
uh I feel like I've seen them I can just
like picture something they're in but
it's not Wolverine q.q know he's
Australian you get home yes pause let's
find out ah Tom Hardy they real but
they're not real Tom Hardy does not have
those tattooed and she does do yeah is
it boys a Rolling Stones
yeah answer yeah maybe you're right not
really a fan of the Terry's hit shape
strong oh yeah but think you played Bain
what the hell is that
is that hangman on someone it's from a
comic strip comics you don't know you're
gonna get the last one is just a second
last one so just use your questions
wisely are they British no they're
American yeah Elena Turner yes big actor
Peter a big actor in America I was gonna
say Zac Efron but it's not not her he's
more in chin that
Oh mate why is this so hard the hater
celebrity ones I'm on your side in the
selection I want you to do well are they
young coming up to middle-aged coming up
to me baby
been around for a while bone newsy it's
not like Jay King know was that your
mother aged one more guess tonight the
pops ah Ryan Gosling don't know why I
feel his name there again I'm surprised
Dyke actors have tattoos this many
tattoos and Justin Bieber no same
industry
Zayn no tonight me why would I get that
one so easily
very big families oh you know I also
can't even figure out what it looks like
a piece of skin on a white paper that
it's been chopped off like I can't even
tell what body part that is I don't know
it's gonna say drape but I mean it
straight same fingers Drake singer and
rapper mainly sing nothing Chris Brown
yes I'm a massive fan of Chris Brown
he's okay Elvis is now oh that was hard
that's it
so you've got 50% 7 as well 7 out of 12
ok I will happily take that I hope you
guys enjoyed the video playing along at
home give the video a thumbs up if you
did subscribe if you're new and I'll see
you tomorrow with another all right make
my brother
