yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo what's
going on because easy people welcome to
a video where we're going to be looking
at some of the creepiest weirdest
Wikipedia pages Wikipedia is a fantastic
website where you can pretty much find
out anything you want but I mean it is
very factual but remember in your school
and I used to just go to Wikipedia for
your answers and teachers were down
brochures Wikipedia because anyone can
edit that and you're like ah
jog on let's have a little look the
hinter catholic murders in 1912 on a
small farm in what is now Germany
six people were mysteriously murdered
with a mattock seriously dangerous
looking farming tool that's kind of a
combination between an axe and a pickaxe
murders have never been sold but that's
not even the creepy part a few days
before the attack Andres Gruber the
farmer NFL told his neighbors that he'd
seen footprints in the snow in the
direction of the farm from the nearby
forest but none leading back oh and
their maid had quit six months before
the murders because she claimed the
place was haunted huh things like that
really creeped me out where there's been
as a murder but it's still not been it's
never been sold there's one about the
murder in like Laurel Canyon in a in LA
the solder children's disappearance on
Christmas Eve in 1945 George and Jenny
solder and 9 of their 10 children were
caught in a fire that destroyed their
home in West Virginia George and Jenny
managed to escape the fire with four of
the children and the bodies of five
remaining children were never found
the sodas were convinced that children
had survived even going so far as to
poke a billboard offering rewards for
any information which remained up until
Jenny's death in the late 80s the case
is surrounded by plenty of mysterious
circumstances but the weirdest turned up
in 1967 an anonymous letter was sent to
the sadhas' along with a photo claiming
to be one of the missing children Louie
now grown up the only remaining member
of the sada family Sylvia still believes
that her siblings survived the fire and
although she can to help the
investigation of the case what what see
it's like because if the where their
bodies have been found but where would
the children I've got missing as well
it's so many like but this but then you
know yeah they could be missing but why
would they go missing where would they
have gone who would have taken them what
would they be up by diet to love pass
incident if you're a fan of unsolved
mysteries you've probably heard of this
one but it's still creepy AF don't have
that voice in their own experience
trekkers died mysteriously in the
northern Ural Mountains in 1959
according to investigators six died of
hypothermia but the other showed signs
of physical trauma including brain
damage and a fractured skull oh and one
had the tongue listen so there's that
there have been a bunch of logical ish
it's explanations over the years but you
can't just explain away the fact that
their tent was cut open from the inside
or that the footprints leading away from
the tent far from bare feet or that the
camera they found that wasn't recorded
as pop team's equipment oh it's crazy
creepy isn't it like I hate all of these
weird murder cases and FC is always
death and mmm the death of ELISA Lam
ELISA Lam was a 21 year old Canadian
college student whose body was found in
a water tank on the roof of the Cecil
Hotel in LA in 2013 after guests
complain that their water was oddly
colored and had a weird smell a body was
found naked by her clothes and
possessions were floating alongside her
and Coronas found no evidence to suggest
she had been physically assaulted or
that she had committed suicide the
creepiest part though is definitely the
surveillance footage released by the
police of Lam in an elevator at the
Cecil Hotel on the day of her
disappearance it may just be the creepy
mindset but her behavior in the video is
seriously unsettling and it's said to
have been Ryan Murphy's inspiration HS
hotel the
well Ella added the lychee hate this
likewise why how things not being found
out I end up intrigued about this
surveillance footage which is in the
left oh this is what I hate what so very
slowly Oh was she doing has she been
chased oh man this is weird this is so
weird like she's obviously at
being just acting vote why she ex in
there as I can't watch the rest of this
why is the little it's like I don't like
that I read an ayah surah HH holmes dr.
henry holmes is said to have been one of
the first documented serial killers he
ran a hotel now called the murder castle
in Chicago in the late 19th century oh
and he designed it himself specifically
with the intention of murdering people
confessed to 27 murders in total but
investigators believe that the real body
count may be as nearly as 200 his wiki
page details all the different Mets used
to kill and it's seriously some source
tough yo all I'm saying is HH Holmes you
would not have a good rating on
TripAdvisor
that just couldn't happen that could
just wouldn't happen how 200 people but
how is no-one feeling that stuff out
Elizabeth b√°thory Elizabeth battery was
a hunger garyun countess who lived june
sixteenth and seventeenth-century and
holds guinness world record for being
the most prolific female serial killer
of all time because that's apparently a
thin it's said that she murdered over
six hundred and fifty girls and women in
various gruesome ways
six hundred and fifty literally 600 650
her family name prevented her from trial
though and she was just locked up in a
castle until she died wait so I mean she
actually hold a Guinness World Record I
mean should we be giving records for
these kinds of things yeah I mean she
she does
be Wow who practiced vape vapor is among
girls and young women throughout the
15th century she's like chef killed once
600 virgins in order to shrink their
blood and bait what the she was a
niece of Stephen booth or a head of an
eminent Hungarian family and Prince of
Transavia who became King of Poland 1575
when her murderous career was discovered
countless countless was walled up in her
culture from 16 tenets or death in 1614
what by seriously turn turn turn the
black die that Leah murderer I probably
aren't many people who haven't heard of
the Black Dahlia case like it's always a
good idea to brush up on your facts
Elizabeth Short nicknamed The Black
Dahlia was 22 when she was murdered and
her body mutilated story was
sensationalized in the press and a few
days after her body was discovered
someone claiming to be the killer called
the police saying they were concerned
that the investigation was tailing off
the killer was never caught but over 50
people have confessed to the murder over
the years and as an entire wiki page
dedicated to suspects in the case why
would 50 people claim to murder her
original suspects they literally dr.
George Hodel that's crazy that's all
these 50 different suspects in a murder
case
Oh murder really freaks me out but
current suspects well some of the
original 25 suspects were discounted you
onto arisen at present the following
suspects discussed by various authors
and experts so weird to think that the
the only person who knows what happened
is about who did it in cases that
haven't been solved and that really
freaks me out we know what guys we are
gonna leave part 1 there because I've
really enjoyed this with the creepy I
don't know just too creepy elements
maybe we should do some more insightful
videos like this because it makes me
like want to go and research these
things and watch documentaries on them
now and stuff so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed it I hope you liked it that's
we'd say if you did give it a thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow
video all right ie
