I like a beautiful sexy people how is it
going first of all you know how
celebrities like to wear sunglasses a
lot they wear them indoors a lot
you know how it goes well because I'm
now a bit of a celebrity not been on
Celebrity MasterChef I'm now wearing
some Lots indoors so I hope you're cool
of that every video sunglasses jokes
mochi will know this I have had a laser
eye surgery recently and I'm recovering
it's day four at moment I think but
looking at a light so yesterday the
video we did for podcast we I didn't
have put sunglasses on as soon as we
finished that video but my eyes were
very very sore from looking at the
bright light so hey I probably shouldn't
be filming videos but I'm here doing it
no I'm bit Relius actually after laser
eye surgery they're like don't go to the
gym for a week don't well as I said
those basically I don't I go to the
cinema or something I was like okay two
days off I went to the gym went to the
cinema
probably shouldn't be looking at right
lights but hey we're getting on with it
and anyway getting in the Christmas
spirit recently John Lewis released
their Christmas ad which in the UK is
kinda like a thin everyone loves to talk
about loves to watch restylane rest of
the world I'm not sure if any of you
seen it John Lewis is a massive
department store and they have a huge
Christmas ad every year and it always
draws great conversations from it so we
are going to watch this together and
we're going to react to it together so I
mean if I'm going to cry you might not
see the tears but um you know we all
hear my voice reactions five days ago
fifteen and a half million views I think
that speaks volumes for how big the ad
is here we go cute low dog
I should probably point out as well the
music is always a big thing with the
John Lewis ad like they always choose
upcoming breaking artists so usually the
songs really good so let's see what's on
site oh look at that sign on the
trampoline what a nice guy
Oh careful make sure we get bossa plan
good work he's happy about is Welch up
for that isn't it goes inside and then
you know the kid's gonna wake up and the
trampolines gonna be there oh who's that
mr. Fox there's a keep looking Fox
foxie up on the track
Oh bouncy bouncy one day I go
my keys I mean let's be honest
foxes would never do foxes of ratty
little things aren't they but they've
made them look very cute so I'm happy
about that
Oh mr. badger room for me hello
let me just waddle in you know I've just
got one complaint if we if we're being
realistic here the Badgers a lot fatter
than them so they would be bouncing much
higher than him just you know one
critique so far
the dog was here for Speros oh that's
what he is that the trampoline party
it's Christmas morning Merry Christmas
little Santa's bull
with the load
I'm not gonna lie hashtag buster the
boxer I would have liked to see the girl
get on there with the dog that would
have been a bit more than anything I'm
like why's the girl so light she's
turned up she's in shock
come on love that's your dog you want to
play with you get on there have a little
dance with him I don't know I can't take
myself seriously of sunglasses on sorry
yeah I saw a lot of people on the day
complain about the John Lewis had a lot
people like oh my god it didn't make me
cry like ah a lot of people just saying
it made him cry and I was a bit like is
it really got to this way you need an
advert to make you cry to make it
worthwhile of your time it's like I
really enjoyed that I thought was a nice
uplifting made me laugh of the animals
all right the music wasn't as amazing as
previous years I think one year they
used Ellie go Ellie Goulding and your
song that one was amazing and maybe that
should be a video if you guys enjoyed
this we can go back and watch the John
Lewis ads over time like I don't know
how long they've been doing it but over
the last five years or something but
also sorry if it's been weird wearing
sunglasses hopefully it's not that long
after a week is when it should be better
so yeah four days at the moment so let's
see how we go but I've also got a couple
more videos already recorded so they'll
be up over the next few days but yeah I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
give it a big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another one all right love
you guys
goodbye also make sure you're
downloading the podcast thank you so
much who and for all of you who have
gone and subscribe you've already made
it number one which is in sane like
considering it's not even out yet
it comes out first episode next Monday
so thank you thank you thank you it's
incredible really really incredible so
yeah thank you very much
and I'll see you tomorrow all right be
