hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going I've got something very very very
very exciting to share with you
firstly we should probably bring this
other person in wanna wish size around
here hello so yeah I'm very very very
excited to announce that we have a
podcast with this with this old guy this
guy he's called Matt yeah he's the guy
you often hear on the other side of the
camera we have got a podcast called
lower your expectations
where we are sitting around my table
literally chatting nonsense Chang You
Tube what it's like behind the scenes of
you to what it's like working of
youtuber plus on daily shit a bit of
everything whatever is on line that day
we're talking about and yeah I'm very
excited to announce that it's on iTunes
it's free it's podcast so I'm gonna put
a link down there I want you to go and
subscribe to it because it's free why
not give it five stars if you're gonna
give it anything else don't bother
first episode comes out a week today so
next Monday so go go go subscribe now
and then it will go straight to your
device when it comes out it's gonna come
out at like 6:00 a.m. or something so
those you're going to school or work or
College can listen to on the way that
yeah smashed you're quite good at that
to be fair at what I do yeah guys I just
think a like and and go say something
yeah so it's coming out next Monday is
gonna be really cool lots of stuff going
on fun funny things will make you laugh
you're really selling good sell the
podcast in 20 seconds
go okay you never see what it's like
behind the scenes of a youtuber or
somebody works for youtuber who would do
that what you're gonna find out but you
better lower your expectations can you
do any more creative than using what my
ticket so as a podcast which is
something you listen to you don't
actually watch it and also you're gonna
get insider behind-the-scenes kind of
look at what a what they
sky does and what other people like that
do and the whole industry as a whole
it's an expose it's like panorama of
YouTube there we go that's much better
when you really put your mind so you can
do it felt very under pressure explain
what a podcast is because so you're like
what's a podcast
it is something you listen to into your
ears like there's not much more to say
is us talking into microphones and then
that transfers to your eardrums as nice
sound
it's very personal because actually on
your like on my table it's not in a
fancy studio somewhere not just in my
house so yeah we're gonna leave you with
this trailer which is a two and a half
minute trailer for you can expect to
come I hope you like it please go
subscribe to it rate it all that kind of
stuff and I honestly can't wait for you
to hear it it's a really fun passion
project and I know you're gonna love it
so yeah I think that's that okay for the
armor like no there's nothing like that
hello I'm Marcus Butler and this is Matt
and coming soon is a very sexy shiny new
podcast a little warning lower your
expectations part of this podcast is
hoping to open you guys up to what
behind the scenes of a youtubers life is
like also what working with a youtuber
is like that's why I've got a lot of
stories to tell I'm ready this is like
therapy for me shout my hands up that
would be weird wouldn't well some people
have to do that I have to do it when I
broke my elbow you have a cast on in you
you know condom on your elbow so you get
the condom to put on you I think they
call it cost no not the cars the condom
so it makes it waterproof what you never
had that no condom
let me just Google right now the arm
you've been doing a lot of TV work
recently like mr. big
and celebrity mist officially you are a
celebrity no because you've been on
Celebrity MasterChef so yeah but did you
not see what intense empower screen that
my kids know you know it's a time to
make a public yeah if you happen to be
listening to this I am sorry that you
received my knee and your face obviously
I wish I was there so much so you did
Business Studies at school didn't you
yeah I is well Ronnie Thank You Eunice
not necess what did you get well I do
see a sea or eight level but you tell me
a juiciest I got an A level you joking I
caught you and geography though so what
did you get what a level didn't do job
beautiful no business and this is what
you can kind of expect just two of us
sat here chatting nonsense interacting
with you people along the way
tap subscribe right now like literally
right now and the first episode will be
sent straight to your phone as soon as
it is ready
