hello beautiful sexy people how you
doing today
we'd love a quitter on more Marcus so
today it's can you get eight out of 12
on this celeb Twitter bye
I like I've done it can you eight out of
12 usually they look can you get a
hundred percent in your life no fucking
pal
but eight out of 12 that gives me hope
you know whose Twitter bio is it I'm the
actor in some of the movies you like and
some you didn't sometimes have in pretty
good shape
other times I'm not hey you got a live
you know that's not leo
all right NASA Tom Cruise to eat for
fuck saviors Tom hey it's Tom Hanks ever
been in pretty good shape maybe we can
have a workout one day Tom see you can
hold plank longer right how about this
one twitter friend to over 1.5 million
people of the sexist mofos on earth 60%
more what the fuck Jim Carrey know that
I don't know is that breath breath brave
who's that brave back laughs oh sure I
never watch scrubs like I watched it
obviously but I didn't watch it you know
I mean who has potty mouth hag well I
mean it's James Franco isn't it no it's
not awkward don't know any celebrities
I'm sorry I'm not a celebrity finder
Noah who's Albrecht Plaza no I do know
her yeah she then Dave might need
wedding dates and I thought she was
really good I thought she was better
than the main characters but you know
Who am I to judge who's this why haven't
we ever got one right support of it we
don't shit who's this humble slave world
champion parallel Parker Olivia Wilde
yeah Cole who's Olivia Wilde a tiny
tight stop reading some magazines or
something because I just don't know
these people
Oh have I lied I know and I do know her
do I know her was she in the OSI that's
the question
was she in the OSI yes she was she was
Alex in the OSI hmm OSI is one my
favorite TV shows all the time I mean I
haven't watched in a long time growing
up it was one of my favorite shows and
this witty by introducing people to the
version of myself which tested highest
in the focus groups and Sam
it's Ryan Reynolds you little cheat
chappie it Ryan Reynolds is someone
who's been in shape or is in shape his
name
who's this fibber comedian talk-show
host an ice road trucker my tweets are
real and they're spectacular
Graham Norton Ellen no way was that
Ellen's bio comedian talk shows on the
ice road trucker which love what we
haven't way out 12 have we that's that's
a fact which celeb is this mr. worldwide
or if that's fucking pitbull mr.
worldwide musician entertainer
entrepreneur oh I got strong feelings
about pitbull thing is he just had he
has really catchy songs sometimes
doesn't they they're just a little bit
shit this is that song that you're on a
night out and you walk into the walk
about and that song is playing isn't it
it is that's the highlight of the night
and you got groups of people jumping
around in circles there this was a
little of the chicken
everything's nice you already know my
it's my road legend pitbull mr.
worldwide can we can I cycle to myself
mr. worldwide because more Marcus has a
worldwide audience
should we start calling me mr. worldwide
who wrote this bold by fuck who ever
tells you know do you be proud and loved
Lots I mean fuck who ever tells you know
unless you know you're trying to do
sexual things and I would probably
listen to know yeah so I reckon is a no
yeah cuz aim cool now in ease out of 1d
is is the real deal but he's now is
fashion line with Versace just looks
like a cool human and I actually enjoyed
music a lot and this by eye makes the
pop for a living it's not real okay
don't tweet me your craziness TED talks
I make stuff off for a living it's not
sorry think nice folks are not trying to
eat you what to fall speaking John
Apatow no Shonda Rhimes sorry
which famous cat lover wrote this I know
attending he children are our future but
I bet if we tried really hard we can
make cats our future hashtag science
that's Taylor Swift no Gabby Sidibe
said I've said I've it's to be sorry I
would also said would be one mums to air
by she had Twitter who wrote these
inspirational words stand and be counted
or sit and be nothing don't litter
chew gum walk part owners people without
smile doesn't matter in five years it
doesn't matter there's only love and
beer oh don't think that cher could be
Lindsay Lohan I'm gonna NZ that oh shit
okay you go girl
she's an auto-tuned before TV
can you do a cher impression we like you
share who's spooky bio is this there's
no room for demons when you're self
possessed Eddie Murphy no it's Carrie
Fisher so well done you got three out of
12 right you don't know celebrity
Twitter buyers very well don't know
celebrities very well so sorry about
that don't hate me please and yeah I
hope you enjoyed the video give me a
thumbs up if you did I'll see you
tomorrow with another one adios my
amigos
