yo what's up beautiful sexy people if
you're wondering why I'm always wear my
glasses moment it's because I am waiting
to have laser eye surgery which you may
have already seen the video by now you
may not have not sure but basically
you'll watch the video and you'll find
out that you can't like on that lens for
a week so therefore mine me glass says
all right and I'm rockin the old purpose
tool match oh oh oh
anyway welcome back to a try not to
cringe
use your favorite videos Phil because I
just like cringing at people really I'm
going to apologize now for any weird
banging's and soaring 'he's going on
there some building work is happening
around this area and there ain't nothing
I can do about it
here we go how to eat a Waterman you
took called how to your watermelon
watermelon students today I'll be doing
a tutorial on like wait hello Waterman
what students see you right here we have
one serving one serving of watermelon
one serving is a 1/2 it was a lot of
automatically one serving isn't a
watermelon and the way he says Waterman
I probably would prefer the seed paella
but this one looks pretty good well I
thought about the seed cut better but
this thing's pretty good supposed to eat
watermelon with a fork do they work like
there and of course that's not who oh
just just in case you didn't know a fork
look like here you go
and the Blue Grotto has long been trying
to force us to use dangerous folks when
we eat is this guide to lead it York
cartel many years ago sort of
brainwashed people into thinking you're
supposed to eat a watermelon with a fork
just in an attempt to sell for how many
people buying watermelons like that the
whole fork cartel what are you talking
about is Oh like that's what's been
inside guys just in case you weren't
aware now the correct way to even what
best way is you just chop it and use
your hands you begin by placing my some
mixtures and
I'm telling you now that spoon you gotta
flick your puny a shit everywhere watch
in diameter wide high specific was this
what's with this guy keep struggling a
bit there
oh he's really really struggle in there
majored at one and 15/16 interest I am
what is one and fifteen six inches
diameter who measures when they're
eating a watermelon now I certainly
don't look at water in ago oh hang on a
minute
am I getting one in fifteen sixteenths
of this watermelon if I'm not I could be
missing out on some vital juices
it's got bands there hasn't he's added
in the annotation me on a date with a
lovely lady what a lad
I hope there's got you a couple of dates
buddy I will be adding some extra
ingredients later on oh you not at you
crazy cat eye icon you need a Caleb why
is this video nine minutes
oh is it turning into smiley face that
way he's going with at least he has nice
eating habits very polite you know eat
his mouth shut like that about you you
know I like that I was going on a date
with him he oh he's talking as if he's
in the army and northeastern portion do
you watermelon you're eating fucking
water man okay finishing that okay angel
teaching her grapefruit anyways this
like fruits what is their classes
factoring a fruit who's who's paying if
I was like right guys I'm putting on a
class I'm going to show you how to eat
an apple but you have to pay five pounds
per person to come along
would you come along no of course you
were them with you because I believe
every man should get grapefruit it when
your grapefruit your man is going to
love it when you grapefruit your man
what the fuck is being great for it am I
being pranked here you are giving him
here why she talking about something
someone off no then following someone at
the same time I'm very confused as to
the pot linked to sucking someone off
right now now what you're gonna do is
you're gonna put a hole in the middle of
the grapefruit approximately the size on
this well put a hole in the grapefruit
is approximately size of your man's
penis
all you want to do is make a nice hole
is this like DIY home fruity cock ring
now when you grief with your man he has
to be blindfolded when you grapefruit
your man he has to be going forward what
is this turned into what am I actually
what I'm watching porn here I'm legit
loss for words I please don't take any
of these techniques away and you know
what I just watch it on okay on that
note I'm gonna end the video here so
give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it at
base on that I'm not gonna do any fruit
classes so don't worry about that and
I'll see you tomorrow with a less fruity
video all right love you guys bye
