going live I'm live
I think I'm live well there's five
thumbs up oh there's lots of thumbs
oh there we go oh this is so cool this
is so cool I can see all your comments
coming in wow this is crazy so hi hi hi
hi hi hi first of all I I've got a
little like no idea if it's gonna
probably not probably not doing a lot
lot of faves right now it's doing no
favors is it um what was about to say
first of all this my first have a live
show so on YouTube I'm really excited
for it I'm testing it out I think it's
gonna be a lot of fun and also because
it's mobile that means I can mix you
wherever I am in the world I'm gonna do
it but I quite like the idea of it being
like live in my bedroom I'm in my
bedroom I'm on my bed just chilling and
hanging out of you guys so ya don't know
how long will this for maybe 20 minutes
or so and then it was set on the channel
and then yeah we're kind of hang out
every week and I just wanted to do if
you guys to like I hope you can hear me
okay I just wanted to do it so we can
like literally just hang out so you see
live shows and then I stopped doing I
have done ages and I think this would
just be a fun easy way for me to do them
so yes there we go that's the intro I
had my Harry died today I'm not sure
where I'll show you if you live some
people a little exclusive so basically
if any of you call your hair you will
know that there it's very like
scientific thing and I left it three
months till three months last I had it
cut it now because my roots were so long
apparently that makes it really hard to
color your hair so it's gone a little
bit yellow in places in one I'll show
you I'll show you the reveal it's got no
product in it
I look so white you can't even it's got
no product then but it's a little bit
yellow on the sides so that is getting
fixed on Friday so yeah but anyway let's
let's I don't know let's ask some of
your questions where are you watching
from in the world right now where are
you watching around the world like
there's four and a half thousand people
watching at the moment which is um it's
kind of cool also I don't know how quick
the comments are can you see Oh your
hair's awesome thank you
oh it's pretty quick I can see a UK
wales qatar UK Lithuania England London
stop London I'm in London
Switzerland Philippines Philippines no
way South Wales Palestine it's a lot
more global than I thought it was gonna
be I'm really scared to like try out
things because like there's buttons here
but I don't know what it's gonna do
so I also was thinking like what happens
if someone calls me because I'm on my
phone right now if someone calls me does
that end my live show or does that also
don't know happens if I go like this oh
you can't do that so as I do that it's
clever well done for telling me that
YouTube thank you so yeah what's up
please say Shanee hey SHANY as a guide
you like I'm rocking purpose to hoody as
well it's quite a cool one we have all
the things down here but yeah I guess
you've never even seen my bedroom you
might have seen in videos but this is my
bed this is next to my bed it is not
really an exciting bedroom but a mirror
up there it's pretty cool I've also got
some nice artwork up there New York
London
I only just only just got a full-length
mirror that was an absolute Mitch before
I had that my wardrobe space is pretty
cool
up there clothes and then maybe next
time we'll do a room tour live room tour
how about that yeah can you hear me all
right by the way hey did someone someone
just said weird ass curtains it's a
blind that's why not curtains so yeah
I'm just seeing if you can yeah you can
all hear me fine yeah I see loads of
people took more loads to see some cons
like Donald Trump Donald Trump oh okay
I'm still getting notifications through
my phone screen um yeah mental Donald
Trump waking up it was kind of one of
those things that going to sleep I was
like yes I'm not gonna happen is it and
then waking up it's just like oh yeah
wow that actually that's real like
reality and it's insane I it's just
gonna be the talking point of everyone
isn't it like wherever I was today out
in public that was the conversation just
don't Trump Donald Trump yeah also I'll
tell you guys I'm having another photos
I'm having laser eye surgery on Friday
so that's why I've been wearing my
glasses because you can't wear your
glasses for you can't wear your contact
lenses for a week before so I've got
wear these for a week and yeah having it
on Friday so quite nervous for that but
I think it's gonna be okay
no your glasses so cute yet so the thing
I really like my glasses thinking but
normal really are my glasses but I also
like being able to see ahem and contact
lenses are cool but it's just like quite
a lot hassle so I'm still gonna wanna
news I'm gonna keep these glasses with a
clear lens and so I'm as a fashion
accessory oh yeah do you want to visit
Legoland Denmark
yeah I didn't know you had a Legoland
but I guess having been to Leyland in
years but legging on in England was
pretty cool I used to go there and get
your driver's license that's fading
putting my head up bars really really
Haven nice and cozy now also you
probably can't even hear me hello you
seem a little face now you got to drive
as well I feel like every time the
amount of learners drivers learners
drivers driver's licenses I go in
Legoland it's amazing
do the dab can only dab when I've got
put certain musical guys you know that
so long needs a cup here's your birthday
tomorrow
happy birthday for tomorrow love driving
and like it was the best wasn't driving
in Legoland it was like because you were
actually driving those cars it was
amazing yeah also there's 5,000 people
watching right now
how many let's do a test how old you how
are you watching wherever you are in the
world how old are you
I also can't prank corny on people
saying prank call because I'm on my
phone so I can call someone cuz I'm
using it for this
oh I don't know if the comments of
frozen oh you can scroll the car I can
scroll the comments 18:26 24 15 13 16
1918 11 14 17 11:00 11:15 1521 1377 I
think you're lying 21 19 20 it's so cold
you know I think it's amazing with
YouTube is like literally any age come
watch YouTube and it's so weird because
to think that like I've wanted to meet
up some stuff there's being I love how
you'll just put in your age and stuff to
think that when you've done meetups
there's being you know I have someone
who's like 25 and then that person will
be like an 8 year old and I'm like how
insane is it that there's a 25 yard you
watch and enjoy videos but also an
eight-year-old that watches those videos
and there's not many TV shows like that
that both those people would enjoy you
know deep thoughts with Marcus hey I'm
setting up a right level base hit I've
got two pillows on my lap I could put
the phone there that's quite nice
although it's not really flattering
angle is that I go to see my kitchens
quite scar here from a nice ingrown hair
also very close to me Oh
go get food one tooth there listen
anyway awesome questions away I feel
like I'm just rambling right now are you
going to have a new haircut
yes I'm cutting my hair tomorrow Lots
here just very sweet you're like hi
whats 9+10 wow I don't know that ages 21
sorry how cold is it there ah but you
know what it's really cold right now in
London so first of all with these live
shows guys when I'm
how pictures my hand look when we're
doing these things if I don't answer
your questions on something reading its
might be some answer and someone else's
question so keep firing your questions
there and I'll try not to it yeah it's
really cold in England today and my
hairdresser colored my hair was like oh
pearl it's gonna be as cold as Russia so
I was like oh okay
but today kind of sucked because rainy
cold you know when it's like crisp cold
sunny day like this is nice I can wrap
up warm but when it's flippin raining
you just walk outside you know not only
is it cold I'm now getting wet and then
probably hang ill from that wet cold
that's quite annoying am i doing vlogmas
I'm not doing vlogmas in the sense that
I'm like doing vlogmas like vlogging
well vlogging everyday in Christmas but
I will be doing some Christmasy styled
stuff on more Marcus so yeah do the
mannequin challenge on my own okay you
ready look guys oh wow look at my lamp
look how still that isn't my bed and
that's a bad joke sorry oh I just oh no
hoon scroll up and throw up how much of
the wrap I'm famous do you remember I
don't know why I wanted to ask that but
yeah I can remember would you mean it's
in like on the spot how much could I
remember no no no you put me on the spot
I climb think of the opening line what
is he calling the opening line I've
talked my head that's weird isn't it if
I start hearing the song ah monkey broke
out on the track
guess he's back Marky brought back on
the track then I found me all of my
Motorhead cuz we just filmed Reedus
recorded something then and I did my
first song so I was like money money
money money money guns and I'm a rapper
so I rap about my Nicki Minaj that is a
lot bigger than you holger Braj see I
know that calling think of it awesome
now guess who's back
monkey pop on the track yeah you there
you guys see now I've got that you must
be wondering where have I been but the
truth is I'm so famous now I can't be
seen there you go please do another rap
please I'd like to I really would like
to all of you now just writing the
lyrics of the rap song thank you are you
getting a cat ask out everyone going to
tweet Alfie right now where's Marcus's
cat no no do do that that would be funny
I'll probably annoy I'm gonna be like
God guys I've told you Smarties landlord
let you in on a little secret
it's not my landlord it's not to be
honest with you I would of course love a
cat like I'd love a cat I'd love a dog
one day and I'm gonna have cats and dogs
because I love animals but right now
with why do I travel quite a lot and I
personally don't think it'd be fair
especially cats are a little bit more
like travel friendly because they don't
need as much attention but I feel like
having a cat it just wouldn't be fair an
animal like Oh taking it to my parents
again or you know know what I mean
so yeah remember keep asking your
questions and if and when I see it I
will answer it is your main channel
relaunching yes so there wasn't a video
this week his thing when we were in
Vietnam we were traveling Vietnam we
start filming a main Channel video and
we've got half a film we just haven't
done the other half the cutaways yet so
I don't know if that will come
this week but there's definitely a video
next week hope it'll be really creative
one we've been planning it and if you
saw my mom or more marks video that went
up today then that will be a part of it
hopefully and then the week off is gonna
be a really funny video so yeah we've
got some good stuff coming up anymore
music suggestions you know what yes I do
because I filmed a video going up on
this channel about it so yeah the chat
is crazy
yeah the chat is kind of crazy it's hard
to sit Sherman there's this all right
Sherman I'm seeing all your stuff and I
just have to kind of yeah go for it
I've realized how annoying that my
thumbs am terribly sorry about that
Shawn Mendes was so so good we're on
life lot obviously I just followed him
since pine and since did life at the
party and all that stuff um and I hadn't
really listed his new album and then he
was at the EMA he's performing and I was
like blown away just by how good his
performance was and then since then I
went way and listened to his album and
yeah he's dope he's dope man I really
want to see like his whole thing life do
you have abs
everyone has abs fun fact when we travel
to Scandinavia don't know to be honest
more videos with my mum I would like to
do more visit more videos of my mum she
even said we're planning on at Christmas
doing a family yoga video so I'm gonna
buy yoga outfits and get me my mom my
sisters and even my stepdad all doing
yoga I think that would be hilarious
personally
yes your mummys I'm a he saying
Scandinavian Finland say hi jasmine hi
jasmine I'm getting really hot doing
this I don't why just thought I'd tell
you that advice for GCSE okay advice for
GCSE I've done I've said this before but
my advice would honesty be at the time
you're doing your GCSEs
I feel like schools put a lot of
pressure on you and tell you that this
is the most important thing in your life
and the rest of your life is gonna
depend on how well you're doing these
exams and I'm not gonna sit here and say
things that every other youtuber like
sayings I don't do what you want like
I'm not doing that too
all I'm saying is they're not as
important as some people make them out
to be and a lot of the time in life
experience and personality can get you
further then a grade that you've got in
an exam that's what I'm going to say and
I agree obviously like some things like
degrees are very important for certain
careers and stuff like that but yeah Wow
there we go we got a nice and deep there
didn't we us I just saw something
Spanish don't happen to that have you
seen the new map book oh my god yes yes
yes yes yes yes I have seen it and I
really want to get it so yeah it's
really looks really cool I haven't seen
in real life just in the video and I
think everyone will do merges on the dog
world
letäôs we cut your hair no thank you
absolutely not absolutely not
are you gonna dye your hair different
color it's funny you say that because
possibly yes possibly sometime next year
I will die a different
but for now keeping it blonde homie oh
say hi Rin renessa I'm really curious to
help to know how you pronounce my name
closer people pronounce it wrong there
we go yeah but for now I'm keeping it
keeping it blonde baby are you coming to
Australia I'm laughing because if you
follow me on Twitter about a month maybe
even long that two months ago I tweeted
like yes I'm coming till schroeder New
Zealand this year I was meant to be
coming in November going to New Zealand
for one thing Australia for another
thing two separate things but it was
like in one planet - as one trip and
they're both working with companies so
yeah one thing was gonna be like a fan
experience in Australia so I would have
done meetups and stuff and then New
Zealand was just a travel experience
literally both of them fell through like
within the space of two days and I was
so this point because they'd been
planned for so long like literally six
months now and then yeah they both will
cancel within two days and I was like
cool not only have I tweeted and got an
Australian audience that think I'm
coming to Australia I've tweeted in
people you guys will tweet me every day
like when are you gonna give us more
info tell us more and I just felt really
bad so if you're from oz swords mate
what is your favorite Netflix show I
don't know so many laughing faces with
that my favorite Netflix show is as I've
been watching blackmail recent is pretty
awesome
start at Bates Motel watching that it's
really cool
love Bates Motel I only started American
Horror Story as well to catch up with
that yeah have any of you seen the BBC
life like the life then life documentary
at the moment about planet Earth I think
it's called planet Earth they on watch
that or seen it because I might watch it
after this live show because I need to
catch up now
launcher I'm just waiting for someone to
say yeah do a Russian accent
privyet Mena's that would Marcus I'm
still it's really good okay cool this
stream is so smooth compared to other
live streams thumbs up it's good to know
I can see here we've got 4200 thumbs up
I think that's what it means because I'm
on my phone on it's like different or
where's the chat on there you go can you
like hit the thumbs up button does that
affect it like is there a thumbs up
button you can click and it's just like
oh wow that is going up let's rock it up
go go thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up
thumbs up oh it just made big four point
nine care though it jump to 9k I was
like no way also can you just press it
once like a normal YouTube video or can
you continue pressing it sorry I'm so
intrigued Wow see you made a jump 2k
literally like that go go go go go I'm
sorry I'm just reading oh oh you can
only do it once okay so it's like
watching a youtube video you can click
that and then it's like boom thumbs up
so if you're given a thumbs up thank you
and also how would you feel about me
doing this so I'm gonna do this weekly
and just hang out with you guys like and
anything between 10 minutes and I don't
know half an hour or longer what
whatever I'm doing wherever I am in the
world just come hang out once a week
like this on my phone maybe in my
bedroom maybe wherever what do you think
about that basically
love it okay cool just saw one Colin
that's like love it yes do weekly cool I
will try and do do that thing is gonna
be fun do this often all I can think
about is the weekend some often when
someone says that and like said it's
because I used to see live shows and
yeah now I'm doing them a lot more so
yeah I also need to eat by the way guys
today's been quite long done some more
markers filming we've just maybe I can
tell you I'm gonna tell you here now I
don't know if I can tell you I can cuz
it's my own project so I can tell you
hold on and I've been recording a
podcast so that is what we've been doing
for the last few weeks a lot more last
couple of months I've been recording a
podcast which is gonna be free and it's
coming out next Monday so I would really
really like you guys to obviously
download it listen to it it's free and
it's kind of like life of a youtuber and
what working with a eg was like it's
with Matt and it's really really funny I
think it's cooled lower your
expectations and it's literally cooled
lower your expectations because it's two
of us chatting a lot of rubbish and
nonsense but yeah that's what I've been
doing and I'm telling you guys cuz you
guys like the secret live show viewers
so yeah there you go
so next Monday boom go get it I'll
announce it in here a time but yeah
there you go
lovely but yeah like I saying say yes
today that's the best why was it doing
more markets then doing podcast and then
straight to this ham eating yet so I'm
gonna eat any minute so gonna end this
show you know it's a couple of minutes
but I'm gonna be doing that every week
so yeah release the hounds question mark
yeah we can talk about that as well
release house was so much fun and we
couldn't tell you anything about it and
now we can it's like Duras but you guys
I haven't seen the show don't I don't
think I gets it before it comes out but
knowing what we filmed you're going to
love it so I'll just say a comment have
I had a nose job
Tahoe I've not had a nose job west nose
job hmm hmm take off your glasses okay
no that's that's my nose look quite
tired in this light don't I
that's good boob job no I have not one
of them Eva do what my chest out a lot
though so that could be why well yeah
I'm remember your old hair I'm gonna end
this show now I'm very hot I'm very
hungry I need to go I need some food
maybe we could do that next time how
about I could like cook dinner whilst
I'm doing life then although I'm
probably not gonna be able to answer any
of your questions and they'll probably I
can't multitask ah be like you just said
so yeah maybe that's a bad idea
but we're gonna have me hang out at my
bedroom I said there's some pillows it's
my feet it's my bed so yes it's a double
bed it's not King bed it's just a just a
double you know but hey better than a
single though I sex in a single bed in
Vietnam single beds are very calm
through aren't they that's what I'm
gonna say we're gonna leave it on there
single beds are comfortable so I'm
getting notification through but yeah I
hope you have enjoyed watching this show
I'm gonna do it every week so I'll be
back next Wednesday probably
if not a day before day sometime next
week bow let you know give it a thumbs
up if you're watching now I think it's
staying off on the channel after so yeah
you can see that and yeah that's about
it I hope you have a good Wednesday
evening thank you for coming I love you
and I'll see you tomorrow
with a normal video all right love you
guys
