hello beautiful sexy people hi first
thing you might notice look me old airs
gone blonde again blonde all over it
needs to be refunded a little bit and
blow us so hat today anyway I want to
make this quick video to talk about us
me and you and I'm gonna be asking you
for a little bit your help so I'm going
to be creating a video that uses and
showcases the relationship between me
and you watching this video right now as
individuals as my audience as somebody
who watches my videos now I can't tell
you too much about this right now
because it's gonna be very obvious when
the videos out and I just can't give too
much importance very short I'm going to
be making a main channel video that you
you are going to be a part of so
basically what I would like from you is
to sum up in either a couple of words or
one sentence maximum not paragraph it
needs to be a sentence or a few words
the relationship that we have between me
as a YouTube creator and you somebody
who watches my videos so for example
that could be a sentence on how you
found my channel it could be a sentence
on why you like watching my videos it
could be a sentence that you hate me owl
or something you think my hair is
like it could be literally anything that
sums up what you feel your relationship
with me as a content creator is some of
you watching this might not think
anything at all some of you might think
that we have some kind of connection
like I obviously think I have a
connection and a relationship with the
viewers the people who you know you
literally you watching this video right
now so I'm flipping it and trying to
feel what you guys think about the
relationship that we have no even the
relationship just what you think of my
videos the channel etcetera I'm not
doing this by the way because I want to
read loads of nice comments I'm not
seeing you guys I want to scroll through
some nice comments read what people say
about it's not like that at all it will
all make complete sense when you see the
main channel video but I need you to
leave a comment and then you could be
used in this main channel video and hope
that be really funny and create
and fun and nice so yeah that's what I'm
asking for you to do that's what today's
my wife's videos be back tomorrow a
normal video probably not my blonde hair
you see my blonde hair soon there's got
a couple more videos filmed and yeah
that's it really so hopefully you can
get involved this and give the video a
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow in
our video
all right bye bye
