hello ello ello beautiful sexy people
how's it going welcome to a video that
uh I guess has been trend trend saying
recently everyone's been doing it I'm
not gonna do it I'm just gonna react to
it so yeah you may have seen some people
do it's called the mannequin challenge
the idea is you get a bunch of people in
the room you pause in the moment that
you're doing something and you camera
water on it looks at you're a mannequin
from a shop from what I've seen it's
kind of weird it's massively pointless
but hey let's wrecked it alright here we
go first video I mean yeah look it looks
great like cool people it does look kind
of cool it's just a bit pointless not
the person in the back then on it see
some even there oh it's not really the
whole school is about four people moving
too fast you're moving too fast is it
literally the same odd person about her
yeah that's quite cool though doing the
dunk that's a good one I like you get a
bit more creative now these are good
guys the winds moving this thing you
like I complete that down their body is
moving arms movin all your arms move
them is she meant to be in a you know a
little bit sexual there it's quite cool
teachers in and out of the teachers done
their own line where'd the mannequin
challenge originated from who came up
with this wonderful thing this is an
impressive one this is a long shot
you're too close to the people you need
to see everyone else in the shop there's
a lot of people in this show that was
good that guy like that's impressive
there's a lot of you yeah like that oh
that person's just completely ruined it
Oh a fruit is unmoving that's amazing
then challenge he looks very young
having a wife line it's quite cool again
this year see anyone you this before so
hopefully were the first and basically
I'm gonna be recording walking shoes I
pick up some audio I'm gonna put this
over here and move in the pool house and
this isn't my neighborhood it's his
neighborhood so how's the view look
there's gonna be this house in the same
age we go oh I'm sorry I'm just an
American challenge sweetly says sir he
absolutely attorney he literally
let them open the door flight to second
rooms like I'm sorry Oh what she turn
around
stand still just get pissed up she's
like gal the front of my house
brothers
this is Legionnaires point missing in
the world all these houses all their
Christmas stuff up already or is it
something else
hey someone new at least I knew well
there we go that is me reaction to the
mannequin challenge have any of you
taken by the running challenge may be at
school you've done it I don't know I
haven't taken part in it and I just
think is there's some really cool stuff
for most and it's just a bit pointless
but yeah give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow
even a bomb alright oh yeah bye
