hello hello helliya
ah that what my doing uh what's up
beautiful sexy people welcome to a
reacting video where we're going to be
looking at the 10 most controversial TV
adverts in the UK I think in the UK
banned in the UK these are adverse a
thinking man or maybe happy man but
they're just the most controversial and
yeah we can react to them and watch them
together pot noodle 2005 620 complaint
reason some viewers found the
advertisement to be crude generally
tasteless or offensive Tom what is that
nothing Tom have you've got the pot
noodle hole of course not
okay I have got the pot in little hole
it's big and brassy and I'm going to
blow it
oh we're gonna blow that on on time for
chitchat baby my pot noodle horn is
angry like a snake
I like this I think it's funny so far
sorry about that mate we all get the pot
noodle horn sometimes have you all got
the pot noodle horn I think that's funny
like yeah okay could be through the
circle but like come on it's it's funny
little girl I love this advert this is
amazing this is it where's there's a bow
then it's one of my favourite adverts
it's the little girls scary
who's Gary you scared her
I know this Samsung Tocco icon is only
15 oh my god how old is that
hard luck phones for you
missing hotels walk on dog breath
Wrigley's excite complain 700 700
parents milena ad was graphic frighten
their children and made them feel sick
oh he's stinking what of laughing cuz
I'm imagining a kid watching this peanut
mummy why say about don't call me out
it's valve so it's like he's got dog
breath he's got a stinky dog breath hmm
there's a lot of mints it's quite a bad
advert hooked Department of Health
ousand 7 774 entries and viewers
complained ad was offensive front no is
everything like this fine
brilliant alright I see on the on the
9th ok bye
I mean yeah that's why intense
the average smoker needs over 5,000
cigarettes a year get unhooked call our
800 169 or 169 I'm a haven't get
unhooked coat UK I actually think it's a
really it's a very powerful advert like
it gets the point across its Jiggs but
you know it's explaining why someone
took to the snom hooked but there was a
little bit graphic bedtime story act on
ok cool there was once a land where the
weather was very very strange there were
awful heat waves in some parts and
another's terrible storms and floods
scientists said it was being caused by
too much co2 which went up into the sky
when the grown-ups used energy they said
the co2 was getting dangerous its
effects were happening faster than they
had thought some places could even
disappear under the sea and it was the
children of the land enough to live with
the horrible consequences the grown-ups
realized they had to do something they
discovered that over 40% of the co2 was
coming from ordinary everyday things
like keeping houses warm and driving
cars which meant if they made less co2
maybe they could save the land for the
children happy ending sorry what did
this here complains for misleading and
scamming exaggerating the light of an
emotive stream when we have a day off
like people complaining that people love
to complain known their the effort some
people go through for a complaint is
like people throught I was on my face
with the other day and someone named
friends I don't know why he was like I
love complaining and posted like their
whole email response to someone about
the most petty thing and I strain it
like we've really got nothing better to
do with your time I'd be really not
volkswagen 2008 complain
1,000 peers who may never it was too
violent to be shown before 9 p.m.
Oh Bruce Lee Bruce Lee Jackie Chan Lee
singer angst about that idea just cool I
would love the size of here
I'm innocent it's very weird I've got a
little bit of a headache by this German
guy singing one two three four
like continuously sometimes the only one
you have to beat is yourself
I mean I don't really know it wasn't
really that violent but I guess you've
got little kids and valois blind
football Paddy Power music meaning that
was offensive prime human could promote
animal cruelty blind wonder is actually
yeah I mean happy power can't get titles
back it's nothing we could do about that
yeah I don't really I that but and I I
mean I find I'm doing this the first
time I'm actually agreeing with those
complaints so yeah
mouthful KFC 2005 he was complaining
this effort getting homes bath mats um
I don't really like that it was an
emergency helpline like and you got your
mouth for like trying to help some of
your mouth full but um yeah again I
kindness I kind of see the people's
complaints on that I'm trying to get it
I'm just also a bit like still that's
had to complain but I don't know maybe
that's just me how do you guys feel
about complaining like I'm not a
complainer if my if my food in the
restaurant is cold or like not hot or
something that I feel too awkward to
tell the people I've set laughs sorry my
foods cold I just AM like oh I'm just
gonna eat - anyway guys fine it's it's
no big issue I can eat the cold food
whereas I know some people would be like
oh no demand no give me my money back
for this bah bah
and I always feel really awkward when
I'm around someone who's complaining
like I hate hate that so yeah I want to
know how do you react to complaints are
you someone who complains you somebody
feels awkward around complainers let me
know but yeah I hope you enjoyed this
video give the video a thumbs up if you
did and I'll see you beautiful people
tomorrow in another video goodbye
