good morning guys hello welcome to vlog
welcome back to the channel we've got a
lot of stuff to go through starting off
with me coming back I'm gonna start
trying out loud on this channel more
frequently I'm not going to commit to
schedule but I'm just gonna try and
upload more frequently on here I've
already said this before but just Marcus
is me me Marcus Butler the real life
person my personality things are
interested in lifestyle that's what's
gonna be on this channel my main channel
Marcus about though that's where I like
to play character that's where I like to
do sketches that's where I like to show
a different side of what I do so yeah
now we've covered that welcome back to
this channel but it's gonna be more
frequent uploads and today I thought I'd
start with something that's being
requested quite a lot is a what I eat in
a day I feel like some of you might be
interested in this and I feel like I
kind of want to share it with you so
yeah on a normal average day I'm gonna
show you ie it's Tuesday it's got me
7:45 I'm about to go and workout I'm
gonna go into a class at Barry's shot at
Barry's bootcamp so yeah today I'm gonna
show you what I start off with coffee
okay chika Nespresso machine coffee goes
in so the shot and a half of coffee and
there
okay dude what I'll do and then I'm a
bit weird I only really like iced
coffees when coffees cold
don't know why for the taste I just
prefer so all that goes in there just
water and ice and look how many think it
looks when it drops down yeah
never my ice coffee no sugar that's
literally it just black coffee I always
do that when I'm about to work out so
yeah as you'll notice I'm working out in
the morning and I haven't eaten anything
if I'm working out first thing I don't
tend to eat anything before because it
takes a while to digest and you've
really got to consume that food like at
least an hour before you go and work out
otherwise you get stitch and it resets
your especially if you're doing a lot of
running and you kind of need like at
least an hour and a half two hours
before and I don't wanna wake up 5:00
a.m. and do that so yeah I usually find
that Energy's fine when I'm working out
first thing in the morning depending on
my feet and yes they last night I didn't
actually really have many carbohydrates
getting into all food now didn't really
have many carbs so I'm probably gonna be
struggling for energy today also
apologies if I look tired I slept awful
last night and the night before thing is
bed till 4:00 a.m. because of the BAFTAs
so yeah I got my coffee and I will try
to remember to film everything say it's
gonna be a struggle because I have not
blocked in a long time so apologies for
Mike oh don't film this but yeah welcome
to the vlog give the video a thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and enjoy
alright guys what's gonna wait until
waiting America's leg workout no carbs
yes they've some very very hungry
we come to start up areas or Yui and go
on show more uriens there I wholemeal
cheese in it oh look at the time it's
straight value for that
it's people so I've gone for cheeky
bagel but some beef got some cheese and
there got some tomato and then it's
gonna be the last proper carbs of the
day but that's gonna fill me up for
event got a nice coffee
keep keeping you go and yeah look at
that though that's pretty good so time
is 10:45 that's one next talent I'm very
excited to eat
alright guys next on the agenda it is
two o'clock I can have a little snacks
I'm gonna grab lunch and a bit I've got
a meeting in a bit I'm gonna get lunch
on my way to that so these are grenades
of flavor this one is cookies and cream
23 grams of protein and this I love
these as a snack throughout the day
usually have one a day I usually will
have lunch first then have one probably
later in the day before I have dinner
when I start getting hungry I'm on a
munch on something but yeah I'm gonna
have this now like I said then have
lunch later instead so I would highly
recommend they do loads different
flavors
if you are into protein bars and things
like that try on these because they are
amazing
batting into my snacks is some
blueberries so you know big sigh it's
been a while since you've been in the
video just be yes you're right finished
yeah they don't know what you're talking
about he's talking he basically just
helped bring this so for and if you
follow me on instagram you know you talk
him out right Matt where's your food
what were you got next on the agenda but
you've got some food coming haven't you
got some Jamaican stuff recognise that
view I'm mingling how the person is this
level next up and got some lunch got one
of these bad boys these are wicked love
the brand name sparkling water it's
actually really cool can because I'm not
gonna be able to at one hand but it's
resettable so you can open and close
that yes I have got a third coffee of
the day don't usually drink three
coffees a day usually have two but I'm
struggling today as I said don't know
why I'm super tired today just
struggling feel a bit eh I think it's
losing sleep well but hey that's just
how life goes
so I've got myself a cheeky ginger shot
when the planet will gun it if you're
ever in London and healthy food
apparently unyk little pricey pretty
good they do plug a meal for lunch
actually doing it like a meat box they
do vegan they do all that kind of stuff
and you can go and choose like mix all
the salads and stuff and that's what
I've done here tonight to show you
before it again today's a very long day
I mean that may not look appetizing
basically what chicken stew placed
across the top underneath have got load
of broccoli broccoli is one of my
favorite vegetables we've got some spicy
carrots and the absolute done itself
sweet potato two potatoes and absolutely
jumped it yes my lunch guys alright now
what I mean
they'll go home and then going to a
really cool event such party tonight
where the theme is space space cocktail
sheep so you guys know metal alright
guys I'm back home today has felt pretty
intense a lot has happened today that
I'll have haven't been vlogging because
I'm not like daily vlogging over this is
why the day so I'm shaking what open a
day but it's been very intense and just
gonna show you this so I'm going to this
event tonight at this party and there
was a dress code that I'd never heard of
it was a cocktail at cosmic cocktail
space themed I was like okay guys come
on how am I gonna work with that what
what does that mean came home stressing
it's just got I got 50 minutes to eat
and then find an outfit and I forgot I
had this absolute gem
I'm dried onions and I'm it's gonna fit
from Zara surely surely that is the one
it's a suit up damn everyone not bigger
Cesaro
please fit me that could be the one
surely I just thought I'd share with you
anyway in hunter news I have actually
got my food here good Kott this is a
healthy chicken place one of my favorite
restaurants in London I'm gonna show you
when it's not the back I mean guys if
you're into chicken this is a half
chicken so this one for I've gone for a
half chicken
it's a rotisserie chicken place and they
their specialty is chicken and it is
probably the best chicken that I've had
in London it's just so tasty and then
beneath I've just gone for a side salad
it's called a Nene as you can see more
broccoli beans mushrooms
yeah is one more maps that go to as you
can see it
yes healthy is low carb if you're into
that but it's delicious and if you are
in the London area you have to be in
there I would highly recommend that you
check it out because wonderful one as
well said wunderbar but I combine it
with wonderful and that's how I'm gonna
eat that then get ready and then who
knows what's gonna happen if I don't
think Holly anymore but it depends how
the night goes
so yeah alright guys I'm back home Tony
about eleven
I'm apps who shot it be honest I feel
like I'm because I chose the outfit
before I should show you why I went for
onions so only you can really seeks the
light and so cheeky laptop from versus
Versace I like a paler neck t-shirt
which is kind of cool and then this
extremely glittery suit from Zara which
I said there in the shoes are my
absolute all-time favorite boots have
from Calvin Klein they're just amazing
to throw of anything make my legs look
lovely and long yeah that's why I went
for but the reason unclogging it's one
to end the vlog and to which is funny
consider we're doing why in a day video
but yeah on and Weiss you know in those
days when you just are so hungry and you
feel like all you want to do is eat the
whole day that you thought you can't
have two snack
so last and final thing and have is a
little treat it is from another one of
my absolute favorite restaurants in
London great lunch place breakfast place
it's called the good life it's like a
really healthy kind of restaurant they
do these peanut butter cups
honestly the most incredible thing they
are so freakin good
yeah but I went there the other day so I
had some left in my fridge and I forgot
I had them and that basically makes me
happy so I'm gonna eat those I'm gonna
sit on my new so further if you follow
me on Instagram came today and just does
not really fit into my flat in terms of
size because of this thing mainly but
yeah I'm gonna sit on there eat those
peanut butter cups and then go to
because to be honest I'm absolutely not
yet
like I said alright hope you guys
enjoyed the video first video back in a
while on this channel so please give a
thumbs up show me some love and I will
see you guys soon see you soon all right
