hello beetles XE people welcome to the
kitchen table aka the place where we do
the blindfolded videos today we are
going to be taking part in the
blindfolded hello darkness my old friend
energy drink challenge it's not what
we're doing and so we're gonna have an
array of energy drinks I'm gonna be
blindfolded and I have to guess which
energy drink is which let me check do
you all know we've got goods that they
make it easier cuz otherwise I just get
to kind of guess you know they're in
dark punk good you still think we have
to swallow things like that you've got
enough room yeah you have okay come on
with me drinks and bring them in bring
them out bring them out sinks in the
kitchen of like sweaty nightclub
everyone thinks of energy drinks have
you got cancer
yeah oh yeah oh yeah used to drink so
much monster master that no you don't
think that quick hurts on the head this
do you think you're gonna be good at
this I am no to be completely honest I
do not think I'm gonna be good at this
did you used to drink a lot of energy
drinks when I went clubbing yeah I'm not
just like in normal not really did you
yeah I did did you do yeah I think I
used to before basketball games but I
only went on for some reason as when I
was at uni host I started doing it
alright so we've got them all laid out
so all the daughters are just in front
of me yeah you filled them up high quite
high yeah so shall I go from right to
left which would you prefer right the
left okay do that them and there's six
in front of me here yeah okay before you
well do you want to hold up the cup to
let the camera so you can see the colour
ooh so we got different flavors no
though
okay oh this is fruity okay I've got
straws
this is gonna be very hard asthma
yeah have you moved the straw into the
other one
no oh would you why'd you want me to
don't try it again no if you could move
it over that yeah helpful thank you okay
thank you sorry I like that for only
guess yeah I can change it yeah if you
change it up to the last second I think
that is monster okay question have we
got it's the other one called romantic
nurse yeah we do have roulette oh we do
have relentless I feel that might be
relentless but okay there we go for now
for now yeah okay
oh this is definitely flavored okay it's
a tropical flavor yeah is that right
it is tropical oh yes okay tropical
flavor what it is I don't know I don't
think there's a tropical Red Bull I
think it's more topical monster well
receive a tropical months or a tropical
relentless okay okay this is Red Bull I
know that smell that is 100% Red Bull
okay cool Red Bull tastes amazing
doesn't it oh so I was taking the straw
I love now that taste that is Red Bull
well they're sticking with Red Bull
sniffing the straws in history at one
eye
this is not one I'm familiar with
another fruity one though have you got
any sugar free ones yeah one I feel like
that could be the sugar free one but
fruity sugar free one okay
I don't know can I come back to that one
yeah okay that was number four yeah Joey
put that in there yeah okay this one
yeah yeah
do you like clapper ball in the fridge
freezer they're nice and cold yeah it's
quite nice very thoughtful
oh man Toulouse no Red Bull that is
sugar-free Red Bull okay I'm gonna light
like is it cooled our is it Red Bull
something whatever it is yeah that's why
I'm going for okay cool last one
uh-huh then we'll review your answers
before you finalize yeah I'm sorry there
you go Thanks oh Jesus Christ this is so
hard
that was a tropical flavor well that's
part of the answer I can't say oh sorry
mate I'm going tropical flavor or like a
fruit flavor can't really it's like a
fruit flavor okay I know tropical flavor
so what am i right
take it does taste like Red Bull but I
don't have trouble or didn't they bring
out that new one that's like green
though I feel like it's that one the
green Red Bull okay so your answers at
the moment number one relentless number
two tropical monster number free Red
Bull than before just a fruity sugar
fruit eating that you say around okay
come back to that all right
number five sugar-free Red Bull and
number six green Red Bull okay so what
was the plan number four again because I
take that might venture go for it yeah
they get there I know I did is trough
cool something tropical route
relentless Omar would you like to take
off your helmet yeah it was that in the
right place so yes that's fun
Rhys oh my god it is I think I laugh
every time it eclipse oh my god lucozade
yeah so did I get nothing wrong right
yeah
number one you said relentless it's KX
ah
I'm saying you drink a lot of Red Bull I
mean our energy drinks there's a lot of
different flavors number two you said
come on what did I think that this was
before it was relentless
number two you thought was tropical
monster it was rock star energy guava
number free because Red Bull
it was monster number four fruity sugar
free topical relentless
it was nuke aside I'll call you cuz it's
obvious I think that is the most may
know now is there yeah this is so hard
this is so hard then five you said
relentless no no so you said sugar-free
Red Bull which you were closed because
it's sugar fruit limitless so you were
on the right track event number six you
said green Red Bull it was Red Bull so
I'll give you half a point for that you
got a half a point out six that's so
hard last you're gonna done nice so yeah
but it's hard there's a lot of energy
drinks that's why I want to tell you
what brands we at beforehand
I completely forgot like it kicks used
to be the one that I got when I was
drinking okay
oh you close up the cheaper alternate
wasn't no it's a Red Bull yeah rocks are
never really drink rockstar
did you know really and to be honest I
didn't think it was gonna be the
tropical flavor truly yeah so you've got
one out of six
you've ordered my fruity like the Lucas
84 was very it was orange oh its
original but is oranges
this orange but there is an orange
flavor that's original tell you what
this drink
used to be the when I miss you so happy
because I can have like so I should have
about four liters of lucozade while you
say because it's like sugar rush you
think yeah you're our parents are like
oh you'll feel better after this yeah oh
yeah gives you energy and also I think
it's good because it has is negative
diarrhea yeah if it has not died right
how do I know like was to divert my
entire like thing this has and then
realizes I don't realize I didn't know
but I think by Alicia step up as ill
yeah well there we go I end up getting
one out of six which is yet basically
but it's so much harder than you think
it is on it is so so hard but I hope you
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you did let us know what else we
should do blindfolded and I will see you
guys tomorrow even I want goodbye
