hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
the kitchen welcome to a deal on video
where they always go to plan every DIY
video we do it works and that's why we
do experts so today we're making some
shake and make galaxy ice cream now
galaxy ice cream did you hear that
galaxy ice cream we need to mix 45
milliliters of milk with 45 milliliters
of cream or yogurt we're gonna cream
untasted either of these so don't know
what's better but we're gonna cream so
45 milliliters of milk
lovely 500 milliliters of cream
directly should go with British double
fresh cream or should we go British
extra thick double fresh cream extra
thick you like the action ya go Juiz
action number 45 minutes that should
take you to 100 mil oh that's very thick
okay this is going to be healthy ice
cream nearly there
I'm glad I'm using it in my protein
shake that's gonna taste nice after I
chosen flavoring such sweeteners and mix
well all chosen flavor is vanilla get up
with an electric sprinkle oberlin love
layers all you need mixing together so
because we're doing galaxy just throwing
there everything galaxy don't you get
bit blue green galaxy flash of green
yeah
oh that's a side blob wasn't it go for
me nice it's not very galaxy at all well
we are professional aren't we it's
awesome
feel the blue plastic tub with ice this
is the blue plastic tub fills with ice
we don't have space for the cone this is
said cone and sprinkle four tablespoons
of salt on the ice the solo challenge
oh yeah that looks good
that leaves enough room the code Oh way
to break your house Wow look the soul
will go back okay securely place the
cone in the tub and pour the mixture
into the metal code you don't see the
fill line the cones securely for the
live so then that goes in do you think
this is gonna work policy I think this
is the one yeah so lid is going in there
in a pour our mixture that seed in the
fill line Oh lovely would you look at
what is gonna raise that much it's not
gonna make it skinny fit we clear lid to
the cone yeah
and then the white plastic lid to the
body of the plastic tub shake for three
minutes moment troops you have it up
guys yeah yeah it's very water for sure
ice cream in here yes and there isn't
it's what ah yeah that's high school
around the sides that's actual ice cream
not joking we're here that's actual ice
cream look we actually did it preparing
the small bowl that is cool yeah he go I
want to wear that we've been we've been
laughing we're taking it to the next
level obviously doing galaxy ice cream
rather than just stand for an ice cream
it worked normal boring ice cream which
you guys saw it would have been lovely
vanilla a smooth delicious ice cream but
no we want to mix it up and make it
galaxy but adding the food colouring
made it go a little bit sloppy so we put
it in the freezer for a little bit now
we're getting it out freezer we're gonna
have galaxy ice cream so as you can see
we've got look at that look at that boys
and girls
I mean it's a little bit melted but
doesn't matter we're gonna get the
sprinkles on don't disappear ah that is
quite cool we can get more sprinkles on
our Christmasy we're getting in the
Christmas spirit
oh they look good up into them yeah just
throw their blood on that that's what
your ass bit of blood my mixing that
galaxy that is galaxy now see now I got
the color on look at that light is
galaxy and then we just do more of this
whole thing this is also it really
helped you guys I really healthy okay
here we go
Andre - Avion oh right
I'm injecting triggering my body let's
have a try whoa it's not very vinegary
taste nice though buddy named Betty very
sugary logo oh you guys enjoyed this
solid attempt of a DIY video give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoy do and
you want to see more of analyses movin
on video bye
