yo yo yo yo yo what's going on beautiful
sexy people do you still like that intro
um I quite like calling you beautiful
sexy people every day I don't know where
it came from I've been doing it for a
good few months now but kind of like it
still so hope you're cool with that
anyway we've done many geo geographical
judge on geography geography maps world
flags stuff on this channel and today
we're taking on another one of those
which is can you get 12 right on this
challenging landmarks then number one
where is the Eiffel Tower okay okay is
it gonna be this easy do I need to make
it a little bit more challenging or just
kind of this easy route soon France is
the Eiffel Tower that globally known I
feel like in the UK it's like onions the
Eiffel Tower it's Paris is next France
and tonight where would you find the
great bit up yes it's called a now of
Kamakura you would find it in China
no you wouldn't eat one in Japan back I
thought it was China because I fought
Buddhism originated from China Buddhism
originated in India from where it spread
through too much of Asia I got a big old
Buddha right I got to Buddha's in my
house actually one right there
and I want one up on my stairs a big old
boooo
which country is the Statue of Liberty
in oh come on this is easy the United
States and remember why that is there
wasn't it given by France as a gift when
they had independence or was it off the
wall yeah it was a gift of friendship
from the people of France the United
States and is recognized as a universal
symbol of freedom and democracy where is
the Colosseum well the Colosseum is
obviously in what look what I'm
such a dickhead I've been there why did
I say Greece I've literally been there
no seriously do you know why because I
didn't even read the rest I read Greece
and I thought of the Olympic Games and
the Olympic Games originated from Athens
in Greece and I just stupidly put it to
that I literally didn't even read this
as I go it Greece
yeah Greece of course Greece
bloody beanthere which country is the
Umbra in I wanna say I don't know
Colombia
no it's Spain never heard of that beyond
it
oh how sick is that which country is the
Borobudur temple in guess what I know do
you know why no I've been I don't know I
feel so proud by that but that that was
one most incredible pace up into in
Indonesia and when therefore sunrise and
my yeah it was just very special
Indonesia boom Buddhist temple of
Borobudur is the province of Central
Java pretty cool that being there to be
honest the Kremlin is in the Kremlin is
ah I want to say Ukraine but I always
want to say Russia
I'm gonna go Russia yeah oh yeah Shire
what is the Kremlin fortified complex at
the heart of Moscow overlooking the
Moscow River to the south
Oh complex serves as the official
residence of the president I've never
been to Russia I would love to go though
bloody massive isn't it on the map and
you look at which country is ah I know
that new chuan Stein class will founded
in its Austria isn't it
that's Germany ah don't know I'm
gangster no the only reason I know I
mean it looks like saying out fancy and
doesn't head apps it literally looks
like the most incredible thing I
remember I was planning like a Europe
European tour to go built spot coming
here don't I'm telling that a time like
a traveling Europe via the Train and
that was one of the stops to go and see
the site so where is the temple of and
quoi I've no idea
ah Boutin no Cambodia isn't it so weird
how like some things like the Eiffel
Tower you just know and then I say using
I just know that and then this
I haven't even heard of this place or
this where is the CN Tower this is in
Canada in Toronto famous CN tower shop
the Canadian national tower where is
Pietra sin I wanna say it's in Jordan
guess what I'm like sits in Jordan where
is the mannequin piece Luxembourg no
Belgium where is the Hagia Sophia isn't
that in Egypt nope it's in Turkey I just
said it also known as the Church of the
Holy wisdom is in Istanbul Turkey at
least we're learning things here today
and where can Christ the Redeemer be
found Rio de Janiero that's what I've
loved go there you got 7 hour 14 right I
fried it better than that you recognize
the most important monument to the mode
if you want to become an expert you need
to travel more or at least spend more
time on Google map about the most
important monuments in the world maybe
the most recognized use that but yeah
there we go we learnt something I hope
you guys enjoyed the video if you give a
big thumbs up I'll see you tomorrow with
another one yeah yeah yeah bye
