yo what's up beautiful sexy people
welcome back to the usual regular
setting we are back in my house in my
living room back to usual not in Vietnam
not in Asia not exploring a beautiful
world that we live in anymore
so yeah it's good to be back but
obviously gonna be making some more
videos is it just me or do I look so
pale in this la I okay we're coming back
in with a very weird
true or false quiz so you know through
see if you can pass this true or false
very weird quiz if your large intestine
this little this one that long tube that
goes from your stomach and wriggles
around boba isn't it MonaVie like as
long as a football pitch or something
like that if your large intestine was
removed and straightened it be equal to
twice your height true wrong this is
something made up to trick you I don't
know why I said sure I think is longer
than that isn't it the size of football
Petra my my completely making out man
would that be possible to even just had
a really weird thought to organs grow I
mean they obviously must grow but like
do your organs grow like the human body
grows I've never thought that that's
weird but I think of a baby small
intestine and it's tiny little stomach
in it up with main is what's main is the
closest US state to Africa false no it's
true
the closest point of the United States
Africa is Quoddy head State Park Maine
and the closest point Africa to the
United States is Safi provenance Morocco
good to know a good to know
I'm just sat here sipping away honor my
original jar kombucha a lot of drinks
and glass bottles female kangaroos have
three vaginas imagine that they could
get penetrated at three times by three
different people at the same time well I
mean not people Wow whoa whoa
Oh hold up kangaroos close true what was
the need for having three vajayjays
though is one for wiing one for giving
birth from one for your sexy stuff
France was still executing people with a
guillotine when the first Star Wars film
came out in 1977
all right that's true you know I think
of a guillotine to me it's the thing
that using art when it's like the art
teacher or can you go and cut that paper
with the guillotine no I mean what
savage way to die could you imagine that
that actually imagine that or Tovar the
tenth falls on a Tuesday every is false
obviously is false it's a ridiculous lie
the Sun makes up ninety-nine point eight
percent of the mass of our solar system
profiles
known as false what even the biggest
planet in our solar system deuter's know
any other side of the Sun which is an
approximate radius of six hundred and
ninety five thousand kilometers I mean
your earth and your light works pretty
 big then you got Jupiter which
is like all right I'm the biggest
 planet in the solar system
so the Sun is just a god isn't it lovely
lovely strand of hair there hello
that is how long my fringe is by the way
for anyone wondering yeah it goes into
my mouth brick buildings can never be
more than ten floors high or they will
collapse from the pressure of the bricks
on the top layer true for fuck's sake no
no even I didn't think wow no buildings
higher than 10 floors I just thought of
brick like brick you know when it
becomes a bigger building maybe it has
to be steel or cardboard in some areas
of Holland every man under 25 is legally
required to be clean-shaven in public
I'm sorry I'm gonna say it's true that's
probably Turk I wanted it to be false
but I was oh it's gonna be a trick one
on one eyes ones and they just throw you
under a bus with Oxford University in
England predates the Aztec empire
but false no no true teaching had begun
an Oxford in 1096 and expanded into full
fledge university in 1249 people have
been going to uni for 800 years okay you
cannot legally put a satellite dish on
the roof of a residential home in
Florida false oh no it's a dumb line we
made up while pointless line Oreo
cookies have existed longer than
chocolate chip cookies false that is not
true Oreos were introduced in 1912 what
who are you Oreo some insects in China
have acid blood that can burn metal
I hope so that's pretty cool oh that's
upsetting cocaine is on a molecule level
almost exactly the same as the inside of
a potato does molecule level me Oh folks
there we go who would have known there
is ten times more bacteria in your body
than actual body cells false I hate this
quiz most ink used for tattoos is
derived from grape juice folks thank you
that I got four out of 15
that bloody sucks doesn't it that really
really sucks really really sucks
well yes I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you do make sure to get big
thumbs up I don't see you tomorrow with
another one good bye
