I was going our beautiful sexy Bieber
we're still in the same hotel room we
still using window light and cloud
cloudy no son so Soares if it looks not
great but today we are looking in on can
you guess which male celebrity made
these sex confessions okay so yeah
basically it's gonna be a scenario I
don't know
did I say which male celebrity it
doesn't all its because I said made it
says which celebrity made these
exhibition it's not made with any any
type of celebrity so there are some sex
confessions and then there's four
pictures and I've got to choose who it
is so we're we gonna find out some stuff
about people that we might not want it
to find out when asked if they've ever
had a threesome Carney who s Martha
Stewart Rihanna or Biebs I reckon I
reckon Biebs definitely has I reckon
Carnegie definitely has so I'm gonna
beeps Martha Stewart you absolute legend
good on you mouth on that first orgasm I
believe it was while climbing a rope and
I was six or seven years old I remember
getting to the top of the rope hanging
off the rope and going oh my god this
feels great
I'm what am i learning something here
like when we did the video the other day
about sex fact it was women having
orgasms watch crunching can you just
have an orgasm whenever I did not isn't
it look kind of like a man getting an
erection how you can't control that and
then you just sitting there it's like
bad oh that's an that's an orgasm that
is I mean it would be a bit weird if
it's a guy for this with no I don't know
cuz Jen and erection isn't an orgasm is
it so a Tina Fey no George Clooney what
hang up there over there oh my god what
so he just came at the top of the rope a
half how does that work okay George
on bedroom games being tied up is fun I
like to keep it spontaneous Lady gaga
definitely Lady Gaga Nick Jonas Rihanna
I'm going to Nick Jonas
Audriana Morales being used in one
already so maybe Rihanna's going to be
featured route when asked how to keep
the spark alive I like to look good
I like her to dress up I like to dress
her up I don't have a clue like how am I
meant to know this Robert Downey jr.
maybe sting Justin Timberlake or Adam
Levine sting I've got one right yet so
haha when asked about their favorite sex
position I'm down with all of them oh
you you little varied person you I feel
like that I mean I don't know do I
beeps nope Gwyneth Paltrow who would
have known that a who would have known
that Gwyneth Paltrow is down with every
set position apparently not me when
talking about doing it on an airplane we
were under a blanket we weren't even in
one of those pod things I feel like we
should get a trophy for that now I am
intrigued by that who has done that
James Franco I mean let's be honest
they're probably saying that definitely
on a private jet weren't they James
Franco Oh Chrissy Teigen isn't she going
out with John Legend we were under a
blanket we weren't even a month
definitely a private check for her and
John Legend just like doing it in the
normal first-class bit like now I don't
believe that on horror stories one chick
tried to stab me when we were having sex
she was like true love leaves scars you
don't have any that sounds like a Drake
lyric doesn't it ah
one trip tried to stab me what when we
were having sex she was like true love
leaves scars you don't heaven Drake
oh no on army hammer on having
supernatural sexual experiences I don't
know his name he was a ghost I'm very
open to it
Katy Perry I was gonna say I was gonna
take a shower I mean I was gonna say
Kesha on manners
I believe in dirty talk communicating
during sex is a must I actually think
it's rude if you're not vocal Wow
I mean I can imagine why can't I've
never seen the Kardashians I've never
even heard Khloe Kardashian speak so I
was gonna tear can imagine Khloe
Kardashian saying that but also Kevin
Hart like he likes to talk doesn't he
yeah he's always talking so I'm going
Kevin Hart was Khloe Kardashian so yeah
sorry Kevin I'm smashing this quiz
absolutely smashing it when asked the
craziest place they've had sex maybe in
a movie theater public movie theater
yeah Beyonce would Beyonce gift that
info no but Zane no would Becks no would
Kim yeah it was Kim yeah ha you got 1
out of 10 right whoo yeah I'm so
talented and then celebrity sex stuff
yeah there we go I feel like we've all
learned a little bit more about things
we didn't need to know about so yeah
hope you enjoyed it give the video a
thumbs up you did I'll see you tomorrow
that video good bye
