hello beautiful sexy pupil hey still in
Vietnam so yeah that's good love Vietnam
very pretty so I wanted to do this video
for a while now I just haven't got
around to doing it or finding anything
for it and that is shocking photos right
before death or a disaster or something
terrible that goes wrong and that is
what we got 48 photos taken just seconds
before disaster
who knew goats could be so terrifying I
quite want to know what happens next
though like does the goat
leap into her head but her because that
would be very painful especially with
got horns II Watson
EEMA Toby photo phobes he what's that
m2 phobia emetophobia is an intense
phobia that causes overwhelming intense
anxiety pertaining to vomiting okay
hahahahaha kid oh it's gonna let it oh
he's gonna know that kids heading prone
as well as awful isn't it everyone's so
happy like they got the green other than
the coach and then this is like more
let's play dodgeball they said it will
be fun they said oh that's out though
that that you don't have a picture that
good of song but I was painful that is
like a proper good dodgeballer doesn't
it won't someone think of the children
I'm so mean I'm gonna be laughing at his
picture of a kid receiving diet coke
straight to the eye that's a good but
it's a really good picture though the
worst part must be knowing he's five
seconds away from a total facepalm
oh you can see it in his eyes he's like
it was at this moment that barb realized
that he fucked up I don't know why my
examples when I give names are either
Bob or John then we go to guys names
never that might mind I got it oh yeah
may you that is gonna hurt so much that
he's literally going to go flat on his
face and pretty so high as I was at 20
foot high definitely gonna break some
bones the look on the Pickers nose says
it all he got a big one why how does
that happened
why is he fingering his nose I'll be the
last time she does had like a fast food
Oh drunk she's like hey let's take a
selfie
oh my god like my dog looks so cute and
I just no fuck off I'm done with selfies
mate buh let's just hope he's not armed
that's good bands isn't it that is good
bands and that's why you never pose for
photos in the playground bulls straight
to the face what is that thing get it
off me oh my god it's my tail Oh
that's gonna hurt and you've realized
you bit your own tail that cheesecake is
going straight onto her nice blue dress
he just looked really happy he just
looked really happy haha that guy also
looks so happy with life so so happy and
he doesn't even know that the balls hit
him yet
it's just touched his beard and it's
gonna hurt so much ah ha
that's quite you seen this picture so
many times of that dog like so many
times that is an amazing picture
especially took it must've cooled as
always like hey Betty look at the camera
say smile Oh splash let's see if you can
walk on water March or that is going to
be one hell of a back slap the guy on
the phone looks like he knows as well he
looks like he's the one that's magically
doing it his eyes he's like watch me
look on the bright side is her place is
that the same guys a picture pop I think
that's the same guy as a picture before
he's just an absolute joke that wants to
ruin everyone's pictures and for his
next trick the amazing one will set his
chest on fire oh I didn't even realize
he was on him why is he wearing those
clothes yeah that chest is a bit of a
fire oh that is oh that's really gonna
hurt really gonna pull dogs on their
frisbees but go the blue it's gonna do
it right in the kisser
oh yeah the baseball oh I don't know
about her mouth I think it's gonna wind
her massively everyone knows it is up
look at this guy here this guy's smiling
like in the blue with his cap on it's
just like mm-hmm and I was gonna hit you
girl
poor dogs can't get a break on the
playground that's not bizarre that dog
look sighs having fun how what's
happened there like there's someone gone
fuck it I'll throw a book at that girl
or is she so how is what's happened
there I think someone's gone yet all
right take a book to the face love
somehow it doesn't seem fair that the
rooms glossed and breaking it all the
beers ended up
ah that is an absolute shocker isn't it
I think I'd be more annoying that the
beers monorover my food in the cloves
this is good you oh that's amazing
that catapult is I'm sure it looks like
a great idea and then the reality is a
couple of broken ribs I really want to
do that you know the airbag one in the
water have you seen someone sits one and
someone dramas your thing really good
impression loose it's only a beach rule
why that's not a disaster is it that's
that probably felt by night I'm gonna
leave it there to have some so tired
well there we go that rounds up some
disastrous photos there was number four
death maybe we'll do that if you guys
are into that I feel very weird if there
are actual looking at photos before
death kind of weirdly interesting but
also kind of weird and makes a bit of it
funny but let me know if you want to see
that give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it I'll see you tomorrow of another one
all right hey
