hey hey I'm scaling beautiful sexy
people my hair is a bit of a mess right
now bear with it just kind of letting it
do its own thing for now but today we
are here taking on a capital cities test
you guys seem to really like it when
I've done loads of Flagstaff and
worldwide things that kind of involve
countries from all over the place
because a lot of you watched my videos
all around the world and then I don't
know it's like a little community day
over so yeah this is can you get 10 out
of 10 on this capital cities test what
is the capital of Spain oh oh that's
quite hard when you have to actually
type in the answers usually they give
you multiple choice in the night oh yeah
I probably know that when you type it
it's a whole different ball game isn't
it it's Madrid though isn't it correct
Madrid I've never been to Madrid donde
esta Madrid what is the capital of the
United States washington d.c guess Oh Oh
guess Oh Oh what it is oh hello is it
like that ah okay so I work then so it's
all about Ganga right also nobody to
Washington DC I really want to go to
America and travel across like drop get
car and drive across America and stop up
all the really cool states and cities
online what is that ah I at the moment
I'm definitely getting a tan out of town
I'm very confident in my abilities on
this quiz what is the capital of Pat of
France hey is your ten pay in math
goose
yeah you are correct
I think work done to you mister where's
the capital of China Shanghai is Annette
please spell it right and hi Shanghai is
it not Shanghai what's the capital of
China Shanghai
Beijing Shanghai Beijing I can't spell
Beijing I really got spell Beijing a
these are not the spelling right half a
point right yeah thought so what's the
capital of Australia um I always forget
this Oh what forget it as well everyone
always thinks it's Sydney it's not
Sydney it's flipping obviou to see it's
like cat can cat camera camera camera no
idea how to spell that crap Oh
Ambra cram Canberra so okay I couldn't
spell it but I'm I'm giving myself that
point of course what's the capital city
of Japan instantly I'm like Tokyo but I
don't know if this is another one of
those ones where you think it's
something different
no is Tokyo isn't it is don't go
II top three plates I wanna go Japan
Japan is up there
probably number three I think it goes
Japan South Africa New Zealand what's
the capital city of Denmark Copenhagen
right Copenhagen the capital cope and
hey Copenhagen Copenhagen it's really
hard way copenhague Copenhagen ours not
to pick Oh
copenhague hey gun hey I'm giving myself
these points because I know it is just
hard to spell gay capital of Egypt oh
ah found a friend what's it begin with
capital of Egypt is a what's the capital
of Egypt begin with I see a I Oh what's
the capital of India the capital India's
Mumbai right Mumbai no I'm by Delhi
isn't it there he is
New Delhi where's the Taj Mahal but
potholes insane let's go to Taj Mahal
capital of Scotland
it's the same you know is that a burden
it's not Glasgow ed in Edinburgh you got
ten out of ten right
no I didn't I got one wrong oh yeah I
got China wrong so I got nine out of ten
so pretty happy with that I hope you
guys enjoy this video if you did make
sure to give a thumbs up and I'll see
you tomorrow with that one love you bye
