good morning hello beautiful takes
people have the game I'm in Vietnam
Vietnam I'm in Vietnam with this person
Matthew we've come for a little work
trip and lovely people of food in
holidays he gave us a free holiday and I
was like let's go and have fun time and
bright stuff and look I don't want to
touch that it's up
we've just come outside I should only
keep essentially 90 I had a little look
it's 90 percent immunity hence why the
lenses organ are but yeah we're gonna
hopefully cause shoots and cool staff
take some pictures no just have a good
time though today we're going on a big
tour we've got planned but routes going
to speedboat for an hour
yeah no people watching I don't if
they've ever seen a blogger before yeah
we're going on a speedboat and we're
going over there to caves as well we're
going in
but we got hit last night and we've had
two hours of sleep so
jet-like is is probably gonna kick him
very soon I'm also a little bit
concerned I didn't get any jabs done
before coming out here
Matt Matt got stuck I went Indonesia
like a year ago I was like I think the
jobs just kind of stay off it nice ten
years
guy in yellow here he's just meat
spraying his whole body with an insect
repellent spray
we weren't really even sure if his tall
was going to happen this morning we
wrote this exam well I don't know what's
gonna happen because we didn't know
details around them and just wore it up
getting it eaten alive by mosquitoes and
what good job I know
it's pretty cool what do you think I'm
Matt it's pretty cool isn't it they're
gonna get very sweaty long is a head
trap I must say that boat does look a
little bit like you could sink any
minute I very happy strong that coffee
started there
Chiz
we have a rock after an hour and a half
on the boat also had to rock her top not
because the wind so probably sell out in
a minute
case we found some mosquitoes very
apparently just space around you if
you're lucky you got to enter another
way you got a trap where is it check it
did you lucky you got to enter another
what a booby trap you got it so here we
are
okay so swatting down out remember keep
the arm straight up when you are in and
out don't slow down all the way some
interesting food
deep-fried fish please here's a little
cat that just came out that you all
don't know it's gone
Oh
oh come with me so people shooting guns
right now want to show you how loud it
is Sam's gonna keep this report in yeah
oh my god sting and I don't know how to
shaaka yeah 20 minutes guys
come to talk what did you ten private
for which specializes on bullfight
and later we've just arrived we've just
been dropped off some not sure actually
what we're doing yet but we're going to
school the city maybe see some palaces
and hopefully is insane building it's
all of the rooms especially missing to
be the quality air politicians and
presidential the rooms just deep Leslie
big and as you got meeting in here you
just like ah John site over there Bob
sat over there alright guys as again
before there were computers casual and
you don't want to ride on the road just
ride your bike on the pavement
yep okay
cheeky isn't that weird nice and if you
went to London and you are yo Paul the
tour is to look at the post of it posted
in England is he pretty crap but this
this is unbelievable
we haven't gone inside yeah a lot of
people and this is the post this is a
very impressive post of us
it's canoe
we're both really really hungry so you
know Marx is hungry he's considering
that no next to the post office is
McDonald's and we've got about 10
minutes till our tour guides meeting us
together
that was like I said odds on to get
McDonald's and here's oh should we go
have a look just have a look at the menu
and then he said him I get some chips I
think I just released excitement what do
you think that Matt is looking always
excited to go what McDonald's calm what
I like about this trip its cultural a
real cultural experiences around oh my
god that heat just hits you doesn't
absolutely smashes you in the face just
did a really spontaneous so much on
their menu so you guys are saying all
right buddy
and we've landed upon a sea of turtles
amazing the boat has had a nap slow
tired
but at 6 o'clock and we're gonna use the
gym so that's what that's all the
planning
Oh God
Muscle Beach
here we go business a test Marcus Butler
making his own Vietnamese rap can he do
it for Sue
we go to the second stage of MasterChef
Celebrity MasterChef but can he do
to be honest I didn't actually see how
she wrote
imagine
we finished dinner and that would take
them to I saw a random little side
street let's walk down here just going
from that expert explain what's
happening prove a nice part of town the
moment that it's not even that is we're
just going passage raising there's lots
of knowledge people that keep asking us
to do on a massage and they keep saying
like sexy words that may like your hand
so me
we're just walking along the back
streets and then we've come with little
restaurant for a drink but we were
looking at the menu we asked to see a
drink Dominion and every member of staff
I'm anti literally a five-piece pressure
this camera stood outside and that would
send this little cube booth in the
middle of Vietnam in this restaurant and
we're gonna have a beer Rockman you Dre
yo again head bet now it is 12:30 so I
don't feel that tired but I haven't
slept properly in like four days now so
hopefully I can sleep tonight and jetlag
doesn't Kim and yeah then I'll see you
tomorrow video all right give me the
thumbs up enjoy it I'll see tomorrow
