hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
the channel if the developer pipette
attacked her if this is the first time
you're ever watching you know what to do
hit that subscribe button join the more
Marcus movement woo so I did this video
a few weeks ago where I tweeted out
asking you guys for some of your
questions that you wanted to know
answers to that youtubers don't talk
about all that I've never done in like a
normal ask Marcus video I'm eating it in
a way where it was uncut so when the
actual questions died Matt was asking me
the questions just straight out and we
kind of rolled with it like that and it
was really nice and it was fun and I
don't know I it was just different and I
felt like doing it uncut was a bit
different as well so lo and behold
that's what's gonna happen this time pot
to the exactly same pain Matt's gonna
ask me questions
uncut I say uncut the intro and outro is
cut because that's just you know makes
it snappy or whatever
there was a lot of rattled like but it's
just not uncut this is clearly Karzai
okay well the actual main content is
uncut if that being said are you ready
I'm ready this time I'm gonna yeah so
last time Matt was right in he's in it
feels that he's into you me feel very
close this time and he'd ask me a
question and just look now at laptop so
I was like ah so now he's just gonna
stare more eyes interaction yeah you
ready yeah let's go what would you say
your biggest achievement in life is so
far during YouTube walking for DNG
having a podcast etc wow that is such a
hard question to think of on the spot
yeah number one biggest achievement to
life in life it's that many years thing
as me shut up laptop to me to her yeah
if you can reach over this is we're
keeping this uncut you can you can hate
hit that unmute button oh he doesn't
know where it is he's done it did you
yeah
this says I'm cutting with keeping down
cut alright shut up okay big achievement
in life do you know what I would
probably say for a long time it was I
was so proud of the million subscribers
just because back then it felt like huge
still whereas now I feel like people hit
a million subs in a day some people so I
would say I'd still say that something
that I'm still proud of hitting that
milestone I guess it's a huge
achievement but also is like a signified
a different part of your life I guess
yeah that was serious yeah it felt like
I don't know everything I've done
because it took me a long do something
like four years together so for third
that back then happened I was like wow
I've done this I've done this not like
no I didn't know I was in LA I think I
just I was just so I did the rap video
before that and that's why I did to
celebrate but I didn't like go out come
up around in there and dais no I should
probably shoot it I shouldn't but also
yeah walking the dolce gabbana is just
mental by the fact I've done that is
yeah weird that cool one happy but why
are you traveling so much oh good
question
one of the first reasons I travel a lot
to Germany is because I'm telling us if
you don't know the hits is because my
girlfriend is German umm German Russian
that kicked up a big debate in the coin
section on that video I said Josh and
she's Josh them so I traveled we travel
to him from Germany I don't know every
dessert list at you or at the camera so
that's one bulk of traveling but then
just that like the job doing jobs around
the world requires me to be in lots of
places around the world so that's why I
travel a lot I mean sto audiences like
they always see you on Instagram so
blind yeah that's the thing it's like I
changed my twitter by it's probably
where my location is probably on a plane
because they like on so many planes but
yeah a lot of people are like wow you
just must be on so many holidays them I
know we'll get salvation something
that's one of the question yeah but
there is a stigma brother youtubers and
holidays ISM yeah youtubers are so easy
is that annoying does annoy me because
it's like I'm I don't feel like I have
to prove it to anyone I know that I work
hard and I've got a lot of stuff going
on so and I don't feel like I have to be
like guys my life is so hard
Alexa calm it love why did you Alexis
stop why did you stop Marcus about the
games
oh the deep question the big one
everyone wants to know the answer to no
I still marks about the games because to
be honest I started it because at the
time man gaming was huge and I was like
I'll give gaming gaming and go surely
that's so fun
playing games recording myself I can't
tell you how long those videos took to
film how long it took to edit and I was
like I meant to be enjoying myself
playing games like for entertainment I'm
not enjoying myself
it may get more respect for games as a
people yeah definitely I was just like
that's when I realized that I enjoy
gaming to a certain extent but not
enough to make it my job essentially so
yeah if you could go back to when you
first started YouTube what is the one
thing you wish you could change when I
first started youtube the one thing I
wish I could change say it's before
probably nothing just because I feel
like everything that I would have done
then I've learned I've learned from that
or I've learned and that's put me to
where I am now that's put me on this
learning curve of life of creation of
like creativity or all that stuff and
take me to I am now so
we wouldn't change anything do you feel
slap actually I would change one thing
oh I made a video with jacksgap and it
was just a bit like 20 I know it was
just quite offensive but I was young I
was like 19 no that gives me an excuse
by it's like tonight I just look back on
that now I'm like what was I doing
promise you say you were young a lot of
these kids now blowing up that city yeah
that a 10 yeah yeah are you gonna say
what video whether you let them guess
they can guess do you feel sad / weird
that everyone has their own thing now
and you're older you don't hang out as
much as you would like to so selfie
Casper yes this is such a good question
because it's the my column you know when
it's on we that would usually be cut we
always have a panic because we've done
this those times when we need something
in the part of film videos of the mic
off anyway that is such a big question
and people still comment now like why
aren't you friends with Joe or Casper
Alfie anymore you guys never hang out
and I think what people don't understand
is that when we started as youtubers
none of us really liked it wasn't really
a full-time job then we were just all
having so much fun we were learning we
were hanging out so much because we were
all experiencing this crazy new thing
that YouTube was and like having fans
and doing all this crazy stuff and we
were doing things together because no
one else we didn't do anything else we
were oh this is now a job but like what
do I do with my time I made the video
week and then then what just last about
doing nothing and that's what YouTube
was he's you had to learn it but now
everyone's built up these huge careers
of brands businesses people making a lot
of money now so it's like people you
don't have the time to like just hang
out with people anymore
I don't even see a lot of my friends
because I'm just so busy like you know
how much how much restricted time is and
it's just like
does that upset you that you probably
see me more than you may see more than
Stephanie knowing no that's fine because
this was a very highly requested
question I think is a bit silly but she
likes how did it so me now if we tell
you they were boyfriend and go are very
highly requested cup I'll have to check
that I can post this before I everyone's
talking about and they they didn't tell
me I had to like Rick it's actually
quite a funny story it'd be funny if we
get out from the podcast to talk about
it in full detail but basically I knew
they were going out but Alfie was trying
to hide it from me and it was clearly
one of these things I was like let me I
know you're going out we would we were
doing a big job together and Mia now he
was sharing a room so like for weeks at
a time was with filming and in the night
he was always skyping Zoe and I was like
I'm not you're not just friends like
obviously yeah yeah and he always used
that no not going out I was like you
clearly are and then one time when we
were on the set oh I was so rattled by
this I was like look who's face with
messaging how the whole time I was like
why God say outfit I was like if you're
not together let me take over and I can
say anything I want and see what Zoe
says like pretending I'm you so I did I
pretended to say saying I'm not gonna
say what it is now it was like something
cheeky I said Towers like can't wait to
be cheeky tonight wink face and her ice
aroma I've heard it my response was we
can't because Marcus is in the room it
was that I literally jumped up of the
sofa crews that of them sober is running
around the set where all night just like
just tell me I know I'm not gonna go
tell anyone I mean now be happy over can
you go into more detail about you having
social anxiety oh wow that's deep
I don't Reno how to this is just me self
diagnosing
self with that as well but I don't know
if that's what I have but I struggled to
do things on my own like I can't did we
talk about this in the last video
touch upon it so ever since I come in
but I have not struggled to but I get
nervous going to places on where so I
would never go when I was younger if I
need to get say in town I would only go
for friend I would never go mind if I
had to go on my own like perhaps you had
to I just hate it I'd have to have
headphones in I'd be very nervous I'd
like walk around my head down hope you
don't even know what that reason is like
yeah yeah way before YouTube like when I
was living him right why why that is I
don't know so now the predicament you're
in with what you do I think that it's
helped a little bit but it's it's
heightened when I have to go to like an
event so when I went to the Brit Awards
was going with Jim saying happen and Jim
wasn't gay anymore and it's like oh now
I'm going mode and that was like well I
was with you before I was shitting it I
was I'm so nervous just going somewhere
roomful of like slurps and I'm like hey
guys
means Marcus but yeah is that is that
social anxiety I thought I don't know it
sounds as though it is if you had it
before had it before I used to think as
well like I would avoid when I was at
college I would avoid hated it I hated
break at college not knowing where I
mate was so if I hadn't text someone oh
it wasn't known where mate was to go and
meet them I don't just go to the library
because I didn't want to walk around
with like 2,000 people I would never
walk into the canteen where everyone
here and the winter because it's so cold
everywhere walk in the canteen I just
felt so intimidating because there's
sliding doors you walk in everyone in
the whole canteen stares at you
so I'd avoid doing that people something
like big groups big groups of people
yeah I mean maybe do any of you have
similar things like that I
don't know what it is I've called it
social anxiety but I don't know that's
it it likes her worst dancer and worst
singer in the youtubes boyfriend that's
a good one
let me see our worst dancer hands down
Casper but he is the most uncoordinated
uh Nelligan if that's even a word
floppy he's just all over the place
blessing worst singer was it the worse
than worse yeah worst singer I'm gonna
say Alfie come on on the sow when we
recorded it here it sounds like a robot
like he sounds like a robot yeah at any
point have you wanted to change your
whole channel or quite it does say quite
so place eg yeah I've never wanted to
quit like I've never had that moment of
thinking wow but I do have this kind of
desire and I guess it's a struggle like
save me and Stephanie you want to go
travelling for like three months I feel
like I can't do that because I can't
just be like right now by Matt but like
things that people can take time out of
work or doing more normal jobs I feel
like I can't because I have all these
people subscribing it's like that's all
my career lies on that but anything I do
relies on that so I feel like I have to
work super hard now to achieve the
things I want to and then I can be like
now I'll go travel in yeah we've kids if
all your videos but one was ëletís
which one would you save if all my
videos but one were deleted I would save
ah I honestly don't know my first
thought was one of the rap video is just
because so much time effort money went
into those and it's such a big memory
but maybe one of I don't honestly don't
know but it's really hard question maybe
one of the sketches we've done that's
like the funny ah one quitting YouTube
that would make sense
how's your first time brilliant
an intimate moment that I'm not willing
to share with hundreds of thousands of
people do you think so I just avoid the
question yeah most Awkward fan
experience most Awkward fan experience
some people just have like stories to go
to them fall back on them at this I
don't off the top of my head is a nice
thing yeah I on Islands II can't I can't
think of anything off the top of my head
we've had it's already awkward it's not
awkward if that wasn't awkward doesn't
say I had a funny pattern moment but no
because that sounds dodgy like something
doc Gees happen with a fan I had a funny
bad moment
no I had when we traveled Mex we went
into Mexico Tijuana I've told you I
think I've told you this story we were
just like walking around Tijuana and
then this fan of Jeff and thin pulled up
with their mum in their beak-like 4x4
car and then their mum was just like yo
do you want me to just drive you all six
of you in my car so there was like 10
people in this five seater car driving
around Mexico take you to get beers take
you to get tacos no just fans in there
as well it's like
okay have you ever posted a video but
you weren't happy with but posted it for
the sake of it I definitely say back in
the day I felt so much pressure to have
a week because that's all I had had one
channel one day uploaded Sunday like BAM
and I'm sure there were times where I
was less happy with videos than others
that's still the same case now there's
definite videos you're more active than
others I'd even say at a time or more
Marcus when we were like bulk filming a
lot of videos a lot of videos before we
kind of had a refresher more marques
there was times that not I didn't want
to ever upload a video but it was very
much like trying to film as many videos
in this in a short space of time it was
good logic so then we had more time to
do Marcus Butler channel and other
things at that but the content felt very
stale
yeah marks about the channel nature
marks about the channel I feel like this
is the main channel now I don't know how
you guys feel about that who asked who
out when you Stephanie got together here
we go
so note the simple answer is no one
asked but we didn't have that talk
website oh I feel like when you're
younger asking someone out is such a big
thing it's a terrifying thing yeah but
as you get older and you have more
mature relationships I feel like that
isn't that like are we boyfriend and
girlfriend now it just happens but in
terms of who was keener definitely me
last one this is a nice one where is
your happy place
oh my happy place is some really wet
whatever you're gonna give me shit for
it I don't care but is where wherever in
the world I'm somewhere with Saffy what
don't give me that face but it's true
and I'm I'm not shy to say I love it
true what a mate good answers bout fruit
we survived that was I felt like that
was more fun than the first one I think
it was more fun because you gave
something back to the questions
everything I you added a question in so
it felt like an interview whereas last
time it was just me talking at you yeah
on that note we do have a podcast you
can listen to it by clicking that the
flippin link right there we post every
single Monday most Monday sometimes we
have a little break and things getting a
bit too much but we do have a podcast go
subscribe to it listen to it and it's
kind of chats like this but a lot more
funny as well because we're very funny
but yeah I hope you guys like this video
if you do like this style of them we'll
try and do more maybe one a month or
something where it's a bit more uncut
and just raw questions so yeah let me
know in the comments if you'd like that
give the video a thumbs up and I'll see
you guys tomorrow if not one bye
