hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going look at this we have got a
different surrounding that's because as
you know if you've been watching the
channel recently you'll know I'm in
Vietnam traveling Vietnam which is
really cool
I'm here with Virgin holidays which you
would have seen in my vlogs not paid
trip or anything they just can I go we
want to send you to a cool place that's
like cool let's go to Vietnam be amazing
to explore and I'm having so much fun
here exploring and trying those
different stuff so um yeah that's why
I'm in a hotel room and gonna be showing
some videos here because obviously daily
content yo what we're going to be doing
today is reacting to crazy
14-6 facts you won't believe are true
now we haven't done a sex ed video in a
while I think it's great you know like
if you don't learn that in school
college and it's very informative and
we're all learning together 14 unusual
six facts complete sexual and activity
may cause penis size reduction No so if
you don't use it you may actually lose
it okay if you don't use your penis it
may shrink interesting glad to know that
I'm using mine no shrinkage down there
the inventor of college Scott the coach
want believe the cereal would fight the
urge to masturbate so that's I mean
that's a fact cuz that's why we believe
it's obviously not true what you think
eating a bowl of cornflakes would want
to stop you masturbate also why would
you want to no offense you know so
people do that because it's a it's a
good feeling
right I mean imagine the feeling you can
have if you're doing that whilst
masturbating you know just you know two
orgasms in one here you know two birds
one stone according to the National
Bureau of Economic Research sex makes
people as happy as earning $100,000
doesn't it really like what so people
are saying every time they have sex it's
the same feeling as earning $100,000
strippers make more money while
ovulating really that due to releasing
sexually stimulating pheromones
what does that mean what isn't it is a
pheromone your natural scent it is a
head that's a nod head over there
not so that's bizarre that can't be how
can they how is creating this study but
is that true like isn't that interesting
that apparently you know humans are
attracted to pheromones yet we all wear
our own aftershave because we think that
smells nice when really it's like smell
my armpit are you attracted to me that's
how people should date isn't it screw
this like who's got good chance stuff go
into a room everyone just go out to each
other and sniff and if you like that
sniff honor to actually also fucking
disgusting but 51 percent of women have
had orgasms while doing grunt what that
that's a lie how can you an orgasm while
scrunching also if that was the case I
would just be doing crunches all the
time in the gym no and how are you not
like aa 7a Aguila motive look uh ugh I
got em at affiliate I go algum at
Ophelia is the sexual attraction to
mannequins and statues is that a thing I
mean if you could see the setup why I've
had to go for right now balancing a
phone in between the microphone and the
lens squished in with the phone light on
as my lighting so we're working with
that for now
haha a man's dominant hand is the side
of his shortest hanging testicle is that
true did not know that it's quite
interesting you're more likely to orgasm
with warm feet I knew this I knew I've
heard this yeah so if you're struggling
with our orgasm in throwing a couple
pairs of socks sperm travels at 28 miles
per hour we wouldnt want to be hit in
the face with that Reggie
it contains anti-wrinkle properties know
that is that can't be true typical sex
session was 144 calories impressive
that's a lot more than I thought it
would or more if you're really putting
it down and there we go that rounds up a
14 sex acts you might not never know I
certainly learnt about eleven there so
I'm quite impressed I hope you learnt
something as well give me video thumbs
up
did and enjoyed it Oh than that I'll see
you timing on video all right let me go
ah
