hello beautiful sexy people we're
filming at night right now which is we
haven't come tonight now it makes me
look very very pale just cuz the lights
so bright on me we've almost got bit fee
for going on here so that's currently
happening in the background we did the
other day reacting to ideal body types
of women throughout time periods and so
many of you in the comments wanted to
see a man's version so lo and behold
that's what we're gonna do men's
standards of beauty around the world
objectify objectification of the male
form as become a Buddha has become a
particularly hot topic in recent years
oh this is around the world so this is
an overtime mens standard of beauty
around the world the number of men's
beauty products increased by more than
seven percent worldwide between 2020 or
2014 read that is true I feel like men
are becoming much more in touch or in
line with putting more effort into
caring for themselves
grooming workers of an I am very much so
apart of that I am very well groomed we
gathered information from professional
publication attainment and social media
to determine what makes a man attractive
study has shown that American men face
media pressures have the perfect
muscular body a popular can reason is is
that lumbersexual what's that oh bearded
masculine and what lumbersexual I like a
beard I wish I could grow a decent beard
this is how long is this this is about
oh let me think think my beard is about
a week and yeah here is great got lovely
neck beard
I just can't can't fill here correctly
yet I don't know if that's gonna call me
a little bit more age or what Mexican
men finish second in 2002 the most vain
men in the world behind Venezuela what
that's interesting he's a good-looking
chap isn't he 43 percent of Brazilians
identify as mixed race Germanic features
is Germanic features tan skin are
considered an ideal beauty combination
cosmetic surgery is becoming normalized
for Brazilian man was it like what
cosmetic surgery like is getting your
teeth done classified as cosmetic
surgery all these men so far are very in
shape on among the most fashionable
grooming services
men is body hair removal I feel is that
not most fashionable months like body
hair removal they mean like shaving do
they mean waxing laser like later more
and more people getting laser hair
removal I've been thinking
you guys know got a funny patch of hair
hair well getting that lasered off
because it's just really funny and quite
annoying it sadly on men wear well
tailored clothing and I'm not afraid of
colors considered traditional feminine
ideal male attractiveness involved
sprezzatura meaning to have an air of
studied nonchalance literally no idea
what I mean UK they've mean they have
got very good-looking men in this video
a man a professional and he's like David
and Sid male beauty oh it's true at
she's having a tats the the old sleeve
one in five British adults has a tattoo
that's way more than I thought would
what do you guys think your tattoos I
really like tattoos I think I'm really
cool I just don't know about getting one
myself I don't know I feel like I change
quite a lot in what I like and stuff and
I'd worry that I'd get something and
then a year later not like it something
like that Oh checking one of groom
including manscaping have become crazy
popular among British man yeah I feel
like British men are becoming more and
more loomed South Korea he looks pretty
filled in their South Korean culture
dominates entertainment in Asia k-pop
stars mix lean muscular bodies with soft
features and often wear makeup so he's
got eyeliner on party soda is increasing
calm for men bigger eyes
double double eyelids what a sea I feel
like this is just saying that men are
becoming more in touch with looking
after themselves basically try my men's
physical in supposed some bigger more
much getting thinner that's true when I
went to Street I felt like so many guys
were like not in shade gym but athletic
the future oh here we go
2010 survey found that between white
black and mixed race faces Millennials
considered mixed-race to be the most
attractive so there they saying this guy
in the video is an absolute border
goddess of national interest sexuality
men everyone
me to feel the effects of today's
diverse definitions of male beauty but
he knows he's aboard and doesn't always
stand hands on his head there we go
what do you think makes a man beautiful
that is the question I want to ask you
guys tonight I'm not attracted to men so
but yeah there we go I hope you enjoyed
today's video if you did give it a big
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another one
all right love you guys
