hello you be able sexy people what's
going on that's why I've got rats
doesn't matter we're gonna start
straight into this video starts training
this video we're going to get strength
this video can you guess the celebrity
snapchat from the strawberry snapchat
filter sounds a bit strange doesn't it
who is that that is not definitely not
Calvin Harris Tom Hardy that's Tom Hardy
does it tell you correct it is Tom Hardy
boom and this that's Daniel Radcliffe I
think yeah I'm going straight away
Daniel Radcliffe Daniel Radcliffe where
you at buddy they are all about this
lady that is I don't know any of those
people is that bad i don't know any of
these people but it's definitely Regina
Kane knows Lupita Nyong'o is a kenyan
mexican actress and filmmaker what she
be known she being something that i
might have seen 12 years a slave star
wars the jungle book up I've seen all
those films so good one marquee be sorry
do you still recognize this famous face
I wanted to say it Ellie Goulding but
it's not it is not Miley Cyrus see
Jennifer Lawrence I think it's Jennifer
Lawrence mm-hmm uh-huh I guess get me
beaten like this no this one that is a
Sherlock Benjamin Benedict sorry
Benedict Cumberbatch Benjamin place what
about this smiley brunner that is looks
like Keira Knightley I think it's Daisy
Ridley it stalls Daisy Ridley can you
figure this one out saying this is so
easy this quiz daima if I if I get over
eighty percent in this quiz you've got
to tweet I love Marcus we're gonna best
tweet Zane is pretty corny also really
enjoy his album my mine of mind mind of
mine mind of mine on my mind something
like and this happy on say yeah beyond
takes odd saw her first yeah boom
smashing it to honor that Katie pet no
oh wait it's Maisie Williams Maisie
Williams boom oh yeah my pal Maisie
who's strawberry face that Zac Efron
guys I'm sorry this is far too easy like
I usually suck at like knowing
celebrities and like
I'm the person who you're in a
conversation with someone and then song
will go ah and then they said they look
like this person or they said they look
like X or they just named drop this
person I'm always like yeah I know you
don't get about fat and ugly that's
always me that has a good thing or a bad
thing that is this is that like it
injures elbow is areas yeah you dress my
name's idris elba or i move that does
that sound like Idris Elba not do yours
play spit some dark knight joker s do
you know this one is that Kim K yeah I
was Kourtney k jo I've never were word
of light no word of lie seen an episode
of Keeping Up Kardashians no not seen
one episode before she has probably
quite bad I've never seen one episode
obviously know who everyone is from it
I've never seen one episode what about
this stranger lady gaga safe this
stranger no idea what I feel that but I
feel like she disappeared for a bit and
now she's like hey I'm back on this
phase that's not your face no that is
not that is I what's his name that is
very nice not Johnny debt there's Brad
Pitt isn't it doesn't want to concern
you got 12 out of 14 right so that means
as a percentage oh don't know maths Oh
Matt look at that I got eighty five
percent shaner but we nodded on it you
got it off even eighty-five percent no
I'm Jack that was very easy quiz to be
completely honest and probably one of
the only times that actually do well on
a quiz so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this random little video if did it comes
up i'll teach my own on video all right
love you guys bye
