hey the sub beautiful sexy beep poor
that scared me cuz I looked at the floor
and a shadow moves and I thought
someone's coming for me but then realize
it's my hand shadow you can't see it so
cool story market anyway welcome to a
gaming video if you guys saw it maybe
two months ago so I did a best fiends
challenge with a forfeit I had to take
on the game I described it to showed you
every time we lost had a hair pulled out
my body best fiends is back and it's
basically a new game it's stage two out
of the trilogy and I'm gonna do the same
again we're gonna play it it's really
fun and there's gonna be the same for
fear of math choosing what body hair on
my body you wants to pull out it's
called best fiends forever it's exactly
the same characters if you played the
first one which I know loads you did
cause so many of you tweeted but it's a
completely different gameplay style
which I'll explain as we start playing
so before I start actually playing I
will try and describe to you so look at
my screen now you will see my five bugs
creatures whatever you want to call them
at the bottom of screen now in the last
game you had to match things up in like
a line and try and get as many occurred
but what this game is all about
basically using the powers which I'll
show you of your creatures and also how
quick you can tap your fingers so it's a
really addictive tapper slapper killing
these monsters and which we will go
through so you can see the levels of my
creatures down here so level 10 level 2
level 28 33 41 and they all have
different abilities with what they do so
I'm a green guy I don't want to do it
yet so okay
can we skip the boss let's see if we can
just get rid of this boss why I'm just
using everything I've got just so you
can hear this boss guy which doesn't
even look oh no no all right go back
about night
I can't literally I'll be the boss
uh-huh
this is where I got to when I was last
playing I'm currently level 70 so I've
been playing quite a bit I can you can
see it on the screen I've got three
hundred and forty two billion that is
money to spend on upgrading my creatures
so I can't beat this boss I've been
stuck on this boss so I clearly need to
spend some money to get my my dudes like
stronger so I'm just gonna spend a load
of money upgrading them all you do is
tap them and then it upgrades them you
can see it's really easy game up to
level 40 oh we've got literacies on and
in the middle is your finger that's the
strength of your finger so these guys
are always throwing their like whatever
their move is to kill the boss so you
can see I'm not actually playing but
it's showing you then moved so my wasup
on the right it's got a sting that fires
one schumer web then mine is a tap so
when I'm tapping the screen you can see
that's like killing the boss and you can
tap as fast as you want so you can even
tap like this and you'll see if that's a
polite rapidly tap blue so I'm just
gonna upgrade these guys and hopefully
we can beat the boss then I can show you
the gameplay you have a really good
thing I like about this game is when
you're not there like so when you stop
playing for you stop paying for a day
these guys get you money whilst you're
away so it's like you don't you come
back that's why I came back now it's 300
billion spent because I didn't play sand
yesterday and I've got money to spend
okay so we're going to fight the boss
hopefully we should absolutely dick in
huh please beat the boss shut off next
try and face the boss again okay yes
what's that noise what's that damage
haha
how about that that boss yo so yeah you
can see I defeat the boss got some coins
now I can explain the game sure level 71
you have these bugs in particles but I'm
doing nothing right now all my creatures
are doing that little mood and they will
slowly start to defeat the people in
front of you you can speed up by tapping
with your fingers so if I tap you'll see
I'll start defeating them a lot quicker
you also get a little flower pot I can
tap that and it will drop things on them
so yeah it's really up to how much you
want to attack then you can see at the
moment the front three of my creatures
have like it's flashing this is their
kind of superpower if I lift the green
one up you can see it says auto slapper
so I can lift that up and he starts Auto
staff and without me doing anything so I
can just sit back and watch a mortise
that which is quite cool because means
you don't sit there tapping the whole
time
what does fireball so if I lift this up
you'll see five or every now and bang
see you later
absolute demolishes everyone in front of
it now you can do as many of these as
you want at the same time but you can
see my bottom two it takes so much
longer for them to rebuild they're like
super where's the green ones already the
auto staff is already rebuilt his yellow
one on the left pretty cool because it
does it like a coin shower
I literally showered coins so watch my
money twelve billion five drop pen coins
just start going everywhere like you
like I'm trying to tap the coins to get
all the coins and my money is just going
up and up and getting well rich right
now and you basically just keep going
till you get to the next bosses so yeah
that is kind of like the rough gameplay
it's obviously becomes really hard when
you get to the bosses so that's what off
wolf it's gonna end up in but it's all
about timing as well because I could use
all of my things and then you get to a
boss and you don't have any and then
you're just stuck trying to beat the
boss I'm from rapidly touching the
screen right now these are these like I
don't know what they're called these big
fellows are like hot hard to beat down
and you're dead look all those going to
just got smash there see if I get waspy
I'm coordinate wasp it's not cool watch
me but I'm coming at last bit we get
waspey onto level 10 that then
you'll see I I'll get present while I
like this well you level up really
quickly
so obviously the quicker you defeat
these guys the quick you level up so I'm
already level 75 oh there's a little
droning dude tap that what we got
choose a bonus 100% slap damage last 40
seconds or 200% coins last one let's do
slap damage you can tap with as many
things as you want to ever get more
fingers on the screen it's quicker and
lets you tap remove all my fingers right
now there's so much going on the whole
time you really like if someone tries to
speech I have a conversation you can't
really do an hour at the boss oh this oh
my god
haha you can see the boss's life don't
you start and see you smiling ah cool
I've literally got no chance
oh can we that was a warm-up that was a
demo don't heat it up no or you going
for like the blonde hairs what ear hair
in my ears
tiny know what okay we'll save that one
then eyelash Oh an oiler without hurt
that's not hair I'll just go for beer
1001 me not like a big clump no because
then I'll have a patch you'd be like
they look like you are cheers for that
comment oh that's a you see you've
honestly pulled out 1 2 3 4 hairs 5
hairs now that mean huh let me do your
bid hey
losing it I can do stuff on this and
just keep getting forfeit you can see
the difficult it's a super hard
I need my blue guy to like let to be
able to a special power now compete and
and upgrade your strength
hopefully this helps oh when you are 2
billion now jerk I can do it round 2 I'm
gonna put my phone
and rapidly tap all right lift him lift
them fight the boss go
may know we're head mate this isn't fair
ah knows this time there's no noses make
you sneeze yeah apparently can kill
eventually I've read someone where did
you ruin the trim the mean over there
can you uh true don't like nose has been
poor it's a forfeit you've got meant to
like it I do I can see it this'll stay
stay Robbie hair then I slip your hands
okay all right so that tickle look so
much this let me do it let me stick that
up your nose I play with your hair oh I
didn't get it I think oh yes good at
this time oh oh ah ha ha
all eyes so long how is that growing my
nose what I want can do the coin oh it's
just gonna be that hair after hair hair
is right fight the boss go go go go -
come on guys we've got this because
we've got some cotton swabs butterscotch
no choose bonus hang on perhaps two
hundred percent slap damage maybe we
could do that we could do that I can't
even see the screen I'm stopping so much
I did get halfway I must have got
halfway doing it halfway
oh I get caught though because that
would look like that can you get one
that like it needs you know I wait here
a real well-groomed guy aren't you so
thank you don't think I do this after
myself all over the body one of these
you can't just like play about like ugly
old that hurt that's not bad
oh that's not fair difficulty I think
when you like if you keep losing the
difficulty gets easier and it went down
too hard and now it's saying super hard
again I'm just gonna have to keep trying
I've got some okay I'm gonna upgrade cuz
I've got some money is that gonna make a
difference I can upgrade it again yeah
on level 50 and then it's gonna get more
power so okay here we go
quite the boss go go tap wait up wait up
wait up wait up wait up wait halfway yes
I am
go auto snacker go come on bases in the
face so I think I might have to beat
nips my poor nipples what like this oh
you've got any but he's got in the conic
no no you said nipple happy next you
hurry up oh oh so you can see what when
you go away so I've just been away you
were away for one minute your team earns
me 4.3 billion absolutely imagine that
if you had 4 billion in a minute be
pretty cool wouldn't it fight the boss
go go come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on come on come on
come on coach mania the clothes
I am the vine
literally nowhere near under are not
okay that was its test now I wasn't
under up here we go
do you hang yeah I'll have your
experience waiting already
no Rick would clump out my middle pet
just get one honey
yeah one ah ah ah afterburn oh look how
close the blue is Quincy's damage times
5 that means we could maybe do it I've
got a good feeling about this
oh this is too hard how far away are my
clothes even halfway
oh okay oh did you didn't even huh
oh I think the hairs are like floating
away I'm not even getting it halfway
Amaya and getting into smashed it and
basically I need to do is wait for me to
earn more money and then I can upgrade
on with all my dudes fight the boss go
go go go come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on Charles it's
literally doing nothing rare I don't
want coins gain instant online mate I'm
literally I'm not even halfway
can you see honest are you ready I don't
know I'm doing I've seen the air not
that one I'm going in that oh no this is
more pure intestines up just one yeah
stopping my belly barn that we do it
you're literally staring my belly button
hey that had you attached to anything
okay three two one
or no on my phone screen okay last
trikes I've just had Sheetal it upgrade
but if we don't do the video it's just
and we're not doing anymore hey I'm just
just for testing ready to go Oh close
oh my god come on guys help me wow
that's the best I've done no yeah no
yeah no it's over the video no idea is
over well there we go guys I really hope
you enjoyed this video give a thumbs up
if you did if you want to get that's
that's that's it
that is the forfeit that one everywhere
that hurt one every I'm not joking okay
come on do the outro I'll get there get
that honestly hurt more than any hair
but red mark am I know yeah if you guys
are interested in getting best fiends up
not doing anything or doing it slowly if
you guys interested in getting best
fiends forever is free to download I'll
put a link in the description to go
check it out other than that let me know
if you beat my score hahaha you let you
caught I was like the most painful hair
to a lot of skin of it ah let me know if
you guys beat my these clips my skin now
I'm literally gonna slap you so hard off
this video if you beat my score tweet me
yeah give a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow moving our video all right love
you guys
