hey how's it going beautiful sexy people
a cool look to the video hood up and my
hair looks like a raincoat but I thought
it might set us in the mood for today's
video which is cause it try not to cry
now we've done maybe seven or eight try
not requires in this channel some of
made me cry some you cry we haven't done
one any good honest a three months now
so we're back to see if we're going to
get any water coming out of these eyes
so this is a 10 most effective British
adverts let's all get emotional together
we found out that I don't tend to really
cry sounds bad it's more happy things
that make me cry no and it's like hot
felt warm in that that gets me going
watch out someone has featured in this
counter extremely graphic entertain
other themes which some viewers may find
up samsa Oh on your child's life fire
kills OH
for goosebumps already
he's a cute kid master in England 15
children died in those fires
children like yours so parents I'd like
to make a promise repeat after me I
swear on my child's life to test my
smoke alarm will clock change there to
give my family the best chance of
surviving the house fire
you did promise didn't you
because you can't turn that time Oh deep
obviously very important messages to
help I mean yeah st. Johns Ambulance
hold on brother get this buddy hello
Martin
I wasn't expecting to hear from you
today wasn't Steve supposed to be
sorting oh don't fall Alice is one of
thousands of Sir John Ambulance
volunteers she's fully trained in first
aid and knows what to do in any
situations somebody she can be the
difference between life and death but
what she can't do is be there every time
Oh
aah
oh that's Wow
so sad Jesus Christ got job got
girlfriend I've got a little boy never
let go for I went through still having
the nightmares though my eggs under
control I trust even war I'm getting a
bit better now you know stuff like I see
a way out
no one from Barnardo's do i we talk a
lot and I trust her everyone else could
you do one woman from benardos doesn't
give up keeps asking why Nick stuff do
drugs hit people I told her where to go
tell my foster parents read a guy just
like the last ones don't trust no one
I ain't change it they love to be the
pasta sauce thick I say that him
how much poison hates me oh my
fuck that's D that one light that's well
it's so weird how like watching
something can put your whole if London
were serious Save the Children 2014
three curves on in clashes would put a
munition against fast lights on a level
position
yeah wow so true like you can't even
begin to think what it's like in Syria
for kids and older people in general
okay
I did cry a little bit not that much
like I said sad stuff just now is just
gonna leave me sitting here thinking all
that stuff whereas it's more like
watching happy stuff that I'm not I hope
you learn you know who's watched us on
these adverse did what they original
meaning was to do from watching it so
maybe to do that give it a thumbs up if
you want more and I'll see you tomorrow
with a more uplifting video bye love you
guys bye
