hello givers 80 people it's not good
stop the video I'm fit and healthy don't
know why I just coughed that maybe bit
fur in my mouth or something
welcome back to a video having done
before so not welcome back welcome back
as a channel to know it's been a few
days since a film so hi how's it going
just a rap update I think the rats are
dead in my house now because there's a
very strong smell throughout the house
smells pretty disgusting actually I'm
not gonna lie but if you could smell
right now you would it just smells right
how do I describe the smell the smell is
a little bit like gone off wood would
you describe on off wood is that good
how would you describe it sounds like
there's bins yeah it sounds a little bit
like old bins so have any of you
experience with dead rats or dead mice
in your house
did it smell like dead bins so anyway we
are looking at something today woman's
ideal body types out history so this is
a video that BuzzFeed have done and
yessing it's going to show me what
different women looks like or what
people perceive women to be as sexy
across time and look at how that's
changed and just see what I react it
basically so I deal with hutch
throughout history all right so it's
like throughout history we're talking
like not like from like 1920 we're going
ancient Egypt 1292 through 210 69 I mean
how do they know this is a really cool
video slender narrow shoulders high
waist symmetrical face ancient Greece
women were considered disfigured
versions of men plump full bodied
light-skinned this is what I find
fascinating is that over time how the
color of your skin or yeah like
literally the color of your skin is
perceived as attractive or not
attractive
like I remember even like what my family
or grandparents just tell me that being
tanned when in their time that was
perceived as being dirty or like you
didn't washer that you'll come from a
poor family where it's now being tanned
in this generation and it's kind of like
I'm going all don't need to get tan like
everyone looks better with a tan that
kind of vibe which it's just you know
mind blow which I mean looking at that
though ancient Greek times in my head
that is what I picture a Greek lady to
look like Italian Renaissance for par
mister 1400 to 1700 pale I'm guessing
pale and possum was ample possum me
rounded stomach full hips fair skin Vic
talk while Victorian England like the
hair of make up for this so cool like
this wouldn't like yeah that is what I
think of a Victorian woman looking up
also back in the back in these times if
you were like larger that meant that you
were richer because you could afford
more food and you could eat more and
like the skinny you are the poor you
were because you couldn't afford money
to eat desirey plump full-figured it
cinched weight cinched waist not cinched
waist women wore corsets to achieve the
ideal body shape so like to suck that
like pots their body em like when you
look at films from those times
everyone's always like God breathe
Roaring Twenties okay I mean I think
that looked hot to me flat-chested
downplayed waist short bob hairstyle
boyish figure I love the hair style from
them Golden Age of Hollywood 30 to 50
this many look like Marilyn Monroe have
they done the mole here to make her look
like marathon okay curvy I don't know if
it's because I'm not a woman but I don't
know any of these descriptions of
figures that they're getting like
hourglass figure
curvy large breasts slim waist swinging
sixties why's it called the swinging 60s
because the music in the times is Easter
swing no it's not actually called die
because of that
it was like that it's the culture of
them try new things represent yeah so a
lot of our parents their brothers and
sisters could actually not be there you
know they could be like half brothers
they could be a lot of half brothers and
sisters that we're saying okay swinging
60s willowy thin I'm loving these
descriptive words thin long stim legs
adolescent physique is it gonna have
that kind of get this wrong at the
heroin chic fit era isn't it well that
was cool died in the 90s like Kate Moss
that kind of stuff hair yeah bye
I could be quit we'll find out I've been
a supermodel era I mean yeah she she
does look quite hot doesn't she
athletic felt felt smelt but curvy two
toned arms heroin chick throw that man a
fish mother my size history heroin sheet
I think this is really a trip and
they've got and they've got Kate Moss in
their teacher really sailor for honesty
physics teacher used to are to question
if someone he'd be like what does what's
the blah blah spectrum and if someone
does is like someone throw that man of
fish I think this is really cool edgy
way fish extremely thin translucent skin
androgynous postmodern beauty 2002 today
again attractive flat stomach healthy
skin large breasts and but thigh gap go
to get that thigh gap you don't actually
our thigh gap women regularly get
plastic surgery to achieve their desired
look interesting you know
closing on that note what is your
opinion on plastic surgery my opinion is
I think a lot more people get it then I
think get it and I don't think there's
anything wrong with getting it if you
really are like unhappy with something
of your body and if you know you truly
believe that fixing that is gonna make
you feel a lot more confident and happy
then I don't remember that but sometimes
obviously people go a bit extreme with
it
I'm a bit like Kay like everyone's
beautiful in their own rights as well
like you don't have to you know look
like you can't move a muscle on your
face and you hided that and you don't
many lines in your head I hope you
enjoyed it give a video a thumbs up if
you did it's really actually fascinating
to look at women's ideal body touch
route history
but yeah I hope you enjoyed it and I
will see you tomorrow in a video all
right love you guys bye
