hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
to a secret menu trying tasting video
this time we've hit up KFC Kentucky
Fried Chicken the old colonel himself
sought us out it didn't actually sort us
out this is he still alive he was very
brave doesn't he love white hair I'm 20
years I don't know if he's still alive
but our IP if he's not you have blessed
the world with some chicken so good job
although a KFC for me I didn't really
eat it much when I was a kid or growing
up is it was never like my go-to fast
food but hey I still had it and now
we're gonna try out some of their
tasting secret menu stuff so let's go
roll first item is the dumb down so so
no BOTS nope that's the bun chicken okay
uh it is the bun it's very breezy as
necessary it's a big Daddy in between
think it's too zena's so this is more
fit for me because you know let's call
ups actually no it's not sorry it's two
big days to Big Daddy's yeah without
without buns
yeah would you look at that listen that
sounds are you know any drunk a bit too
much liquid you got squishing about in
your belly that's all this sounds like
listen I've touched it that's my that's
the greenness my fingers we said will
you turn in Peyer that's just that's
like holding up three I'm just saying
three yeah yeah very yellow or orange oh
here we go
sounds very greasy Robert look tasty I
will give it seven out of ten
no for those sauces well dive site
that's also good what's different isn't
it you plan trying sauce do
drum roll please for the next item on
the KFC secret menu zynga daddy that's a
big old boy okay it's two chicken
singers between a big Daddy that's a big
 daddy right there look at
that
it's a four chicken breast
give me those protein gains dude how
come that's bigger than my face it's
like the size of my hear my chin to my
eyebrows and I've got long face to zynga
burgers in between a big Daddy alley but
we've left the hash brown up the top of
the bun something alex better and your
leather ketchup dripping down onto the
chicken sorry got to do it on the first
one I'm not gonna get all in my mouth
got some lovely colors on that Brown and
you're a bit more skin in it as well
oh yeah I can I see you literally
looking at your blister in your hand
give it a show to the camera oh yeah
can you see another really saucy oh my
God look at the size of that freak - ha
ha no joke mMmmm boy oh no not a problem
mmm that's the spiciness of the service
mmm in there
I just remembered when I did have the
KFC I had a zinger
that's that tastes that spicy kick oh
that was really good that was a good
bite that wasn't it there there we go
that was two items from the KFC menu
secret menu here's a question for you
what's your favorite fast food it's
really spicy
what's your favorite fast food and where
would you like to see me try secret menu
from next what would you kind of like
that it's a surprise so yeah give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed and
I'll see you tomorrow with another video
all right have you guys back
