hello beautiful sexy people hello
welcome welcome to a clown video uh
sorry I'm not dressed as a clown but we
are going to be finding out what type of
clown I would be
now obviously clowns have been a craze
right now everyone's dressing out
everyone's trying to kill people and
chop his hands off you already done the
reacting to shitty clown pranks but
today we're going to find out if I was
to be a clown what would I be and you
guys can obviously play long as oh I
didn't even realize there's different
types of clowns until this whole clown
bad things come up anyway so firstly
you've got to pick some shoes so for me
those first choose these green ones are
like that's the stereotypical clowns
clown shoes aren't they I would be quite
stylish clown and I think these are
quite size - doc Mart they look like
mine I think they'll dot lines I mean
green and green and yellow is rank red
is like looks like you've painted your
school shoes red those are like bowling
shoes they're also bowling shoes and
those are probably the second choice so
their first choice pick a place
oh okay well clowns should be in circus
tents so it shouldn't be in the bedroom
they shouldn't be in the woods you
should be in the circus okay not chasing
people what is the point of a clown make
it off turn and make you laugh and
they're fun no I remember having like
clowns come around at children's parties
and stuff yes anything that they do
magic some do yeah that's why I love
clowns are really annoying actually
because everyone's picturing them now
associated with horror and being really
they're just friendly weird-looking
people I remember my kaftan magic don't
they like squirt water out of things and
stuff like they play practical jokes on
that oh yeah flowers yeah flat there you
go on that look at that pump you know
I'm just wet the ice nation became to
the origins a huge clown conspiracy
theories okay anyway so I mean I
wouldn't be in sewer
drank spaceships don't exist what
could have found me in Sephora I guess
buying you makeup I would be in the
woods just because it's creepy as an in
the woods
although bedroom
woods pick a scary movie here we go
scream not really scary the thin never
what's the thing it'll be amazing I've
never seen it I was about to say it's a
bit of a crap name isn't it
yeah there's like a 70s awaited oh so
your classic horror yeah okay the ring I
remember watching that years ago and
being mildly scared
it follows never seen that the babadook
seemed that Blair Witch Project seeing
that happens in a new one though scream
is a classic isn't it it's not really
scary though I was friends with this guy
this like weird boy band I junga and he
was a year older than me
not the boy from sorry time another boy
and he used to like get all this really
weird scary films and we just watch when
I was eight years old I all these a
teens and you just watch them like
secretly I would go Baba Dook baba baba
dog pick a spooky song cuz this is
trailer Ghostbusters how does that go
again Ghostbusters with venous drainage
no Ghostbusters cool what's Monster Mash
he was the mesh it was a monster that
did last time that it was a graveyard
smash it don't fear the reaper what's
that oh this is Halloween this is
Halloween this is every werewolf Bar
Mitzvah oh I don't know any of these
okay don't fear the reaper I'm not gonna
make up a sonic on same die on a Googler
now Oh everyone knows this song Dylan
so I'm going with thriller because
classic everyone knows thriller pick a
color black red purple what's that Oh
gray blue green
I mean classic clown I think I'm being
red I'm not going to do that I'm a nice
friendly clown who's lurking in the
woods I'm going nice light blue what
scares you the most the dark small
places needles death public speaking
clowns
actually Oh death no no does death to
Steph scare you if I really think yeah
now like when you go to sleep you're
stuffing what if I die no boys there are
yeah that's scared are you scared a dark
not really I used to be small spaces
yeah well on that bag Rose one can go
down the chute yeah it was a bit scared
scary I think I'm gonna put death
nice morbid is here we go here is my
result you got a normal birthday clown
you don't think you're a creepy clown
you're just trying to bring a little joy
to the world but no matter how many
value in animals you make people keep
crying and running away from you
what gives it's not easy being a clown I
do they do just look a bit weird don't
they I would love to know the backstory
of clowns but hey there we go normal
birthday count I'm happy with that
sorry this video ended up being a bit
round I'm going off into different areas
but hey I hope you enjoyed it anyway
give the video a thumbs up if you did
I'll see you tomorrow with another one
alright love yet I
