hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
welcome to a con enjoy the video what am
i doing
welcome to a exposing video or reviewing
video I don't know if they're gonna be
exposed because I haven't watched them
yet so I have an opinion on them but
we've a little lab next week on sweets
day what the hell is wrong with me
Paranormal Activity is like this huge
thing on YouTube actually tweeted the
other day how it's so interesting how
loads of youtubers just all of a sudden
happened to be experiencing paranormal
activity like wow and yeah we've done an
exposing video before where people go
through the house and show things etc
but today is gonna be a Ouija board
specific people start doing Ouija board
so we're gonna have a look at those
videos and basically decide whether
they're real or not cool cool let's have
a little look shall we jumping into the
first Ouija board in haunted house evil
demon reached apparently all right guys
the time has come we got a fat group of
people with us today all right it's
mister town of Fox here we go here we
are back at the abandoned house to play
the a Ouija board going to abandon place
is pretty cool
I went to an abandoned town once in
Germany and it was so creepy and scary
but so interesting at the same time so
that alone is pretty scary if you're
gonna do that okay so just don't take
your fingers off it and let me say
goodbye because like the only rules I've
learned from this if you're unaware of
what a Ouija board is I have never
played one myself
but it is a board as we can see here and
something goes sits on top of it like a
glass cup or something and everyone sits
around table puts their finger on this
thing and asks the room questions and if
there's an evil spirit there the spirit
moves your fingers across onto those
letters in it that is talking to you so
you put the letters together you have
words get it cool are there any spirits
out there and that would like to contact
us
yes or no waiting in there this thing
really z SS
the I'm sorry I do not I'm not taking
this at all at all like why at first
were why both that hands raised off the
table so you got the table like this
both of their arms are like raised up so
they can easily move it why can't you
just rest your elbow there and put your
finger on it and if it moves it will
just do that itself rather than both
having to oh you need that room to kind
of cock it back and forth are you an
evil spirit
look at the way it's moving oh my god
this is so obviously just being pushed
and pulled come on is this your house is
this your house
no way did you see that did you guys
just see that
mental tell me this why doesn't a weed
your board work where nobody's touching
it and you just ask the thing questions
and then it moves with no one touching
it
like come on
are you still there just go on the
background so bored as well okay why are
you an evil spirit key I'm so is anyone
believing this is anyone believing this
I'm not believing this well he's like
making no sense it's like being really
weird a car I'll just I ain't give me
being a bit skeptical because there is
no way that is being moved by an evil
spirit like it's just not is it like I
said why why does it not work if there
no one is touching it I've learned it
the obg board like spirits like girls
more to it can everyone make girls more
okay so apparently they like girls more
spirits according to Tanner who would
know strange can you tell us how you
died
I mean that first move that she's
definitely not pulling that issue ready
watch our hand do you not like any of us
here
who don't you like Oh having just flying
off there been there who don't you like
are you a boy are you boy
are you a girl
no sir boy no sir I'm sorry can we just
watch that what what is going on their
finger slipped and there the puzzle I
don't know like I said I'm just a bit
skeptical when it comes to these things
so I would love to know what you guys
think as well but we're gonna look at
another video so I'm J Station Zozo
breaking all the rules of the Ouija
board in a cemetery 3 and challenged
Ouija board Oh gone wrong also whoever
invented the Ouija board people
obviously buy it isn't it's just like a
massive marketing I mean they'll
probably loving all of these videos
because so many kids in they were gonna
break all of the rules of a Ouija board
on purpose to try to get something to
happen guys I'm trying to prove to the
non-believers that this stuff actually
works prove it to me I'm a non-believer
come on
break those rules and one of the rules
is to never do the Ouija board in the
cemetery so we're pulling up on the
cemetery right now guys I mean that is
pretty creepy going to a cemetery at 3
a.m. a limo honestly guys like
everything is real like I'm believing
Lance Stewart when he's telling you it's
real like I do the same thing and the
same thing is happening to me all you
believe in lost you when he's possessed
let's just insert like hey hey that is
the big question so are you also
believing that because I'm not so take a
minute right now just drop a big like on
this video guys you already know it's
gonna be late yes those likes but yeah I
just want to say right now that we
respect everybody's grave that's here
anybody who's buried here we fully
respect do you we fully respect your
grave but we are gonna sit on top of a
few dead people and do we do both for
views but we very respect it
we're just gonna break like all the
rules of the games so we're gonna
disrespect the spirits that's one of the
rules never disrespect the spirits so
we're definitely gonna do that try to
entice them to do something to us well
that is a good way to go about it
if you but if you're a believer of this
right which I don't think I am of the
Ouija board and you got a fully believe
in demons and like you don't mess with
that shit but if you believe in that you
don't then go and break all these rules
and yeah abuse those demons so me and
Salvador are gonna play together because
he's not a believer but at the very end
I'm gonna play alone so we're just gonna
break every single rule of the Ouija
board Oh
risky and hopefully we can officially
say that this is actually real guys what
the thing is I want to believe this all
right so are you friendly all right it's
moving guys I swear bro I'm not moving
this cello
I swear definitely move it now bro he is
purling that it's not friendly oh yeah
guys like we already know this is not
good so next question are you haunting
me okay we already know this isn't good
let's just carry on though to make sure
we get some some great content so I'm
gonna spit on the Ouija board okay guys
and you're mad crazy foam they're mad
crazy all right here we go guys
that's gross huh well what is your name
okay well that's not me
you see fuck like dude I'm barely
putting any weight on this oh you can
see in his fingers the way his fingers
are moving look when it changed
direction let's put the speed on 0.5
watch here won't change position what's
the right fingers but you can see that
is like this other kid is just there in
this harbor's just move it I'm sorry I'm
not buying it alright guys so EVR are
you like that dirt on that shit fuck
experience oh yeah if this is real
you're not there like fucking yeah but
did you hear that oh my god no way that
was in the room let's just to support
this more yeah let's just keep going
yeah why not come on oh you're you're
fucking crazy girl you're crazy man also
can we get broke out in this video like
alright let's watch my knees movements
let's just watch me it's a bit slow
motion oh just look at his fingers
pushing and pulling it you can literally
see his fingers moving at leas right
fingers let's see where this is gonna go
this is ole so dude dude dude dude dude
hey J snap out of it man oh stop fucking
around man not fuckin crazy I'm sketched
out already
what the fuck is this
can we just notice how it's uttered the
southern cut from town the southern cut
goes from here from him apparently
starts laughs and falls over and the
camera just ends up on the floor there
straight away you know what's happened
to the footage in between that back to
the quality acting let's go never watch
on this what do you mean what happened
ah
well what the fuck happened Oh what the
fuck happened well dance is ground where
the fuck's my hat and didn't take that
what do you mean I thought you didn't
fake that what do you mean of course I
faked it don't fucking ask me not shit
do
holy fuck mine alright alright turn the
camera off do you turn it off man i i
straight-up think you think that needs
stitches holy fuck bro dude look at this
if this happened if this happened if you
just beam car like that a deep deep cut
that looks like a pretty deep car would
you not be gushing with blood like
gushing with lies a deep cut also
there's not even in pain also you'd have
a hole in your t-shirt okay you can I
think you can even see that stuck on I
think like if you're looking up here in
this area it looks like that is being
stuck on a speck I shall honestly go to
the hospital dude I think you should man
like that needs stitches for sure sorry
yeah he's squeezing it right if that's
real blood is gushing yeah also you're a
little squishing an open wound like a
cornea and tell you how painful I've
sliced my leg open right bigger than
that like a little bit bigger than that
but massive scar mag I sliced my leg
open when I was a kid it was the most
fucking painful thing I've ever been
through in my life and you're not
serving good oh it's bleeding
alright guys some mixture you drop a
like on this stuff we're not even saying
goodbye
see you in the next one guys booth a
hundred percent believable right I
believe every second of that Jesus how
is I like this going to be fair play the
Ouija board alone while keeping only one
finger on the thingy let's see what
happens that I mean there's a lot of
opinions there I think I've clearly add
my
pi√±on that was so much worse than the
first video like so much worse geez
I'm a bit I'm just like how how you
playing it along this so real but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video give
the video a thumbs up if you did
subscribe if you are new around here and
let me know your thoughts I'd love to
read them in the comments All Right see
you time to run one bite
