Oh fuckin gym lag wait hello you
beautiful sexy people how's it going
pranks pranking woo pranks yeah there's
a lot of pranks on YouTube there's a lot
of praise a lot of prank channels a lot
of people do pranks pranks can be
hilarious they can be very well-made
they can be very really funny creative
ideas all they can be staged fake and
really really obviously just shit so
there's like a spectrum of that isn't
there don't know where we're going with
this video I've been given a selection
of pranks to watch I'm basically react
to pranks I don't know if all of these
are fake I don't know if summer fake
someone real there are some channels out
there who I think are always like doing
amazingly incredible pranks and have
done and they set standards there's
other channels that I'm just like this
is so cringy for me to watch because
it's so obviously fake but you're
pretending that is real and it's just
like you can stop just come on stop here
we go reacting to pranks let's see what
this first one is oh they always start
with as old only ultimate extreme
ultimate oh they always have revenge in
there as well don't they
we got have revenge in there let's see
let's see depends it I love a prank when
it's a real prank I hate it when you
you're watching you're just like this is
just so setup ultimate revenge pranks
gone wrong calm calm played top-flight
pranks last night someone ate all my
Oreos oh pretty sure I know who the
suspect is
sorry his eye his acting I'm sorry
who is that what is that it's water it
will dry I'm bored sorry
top three kissing Priya fucking here we
go sexual pranks this yelling pisses me
off about pranks when did it all of a
sudden become okay to like sexually
assault someone on her ass on in the
street and then go it's okay cuz it's a
prank no it's not it's not gay so top
three kissing prank gone sexual Oh got
to get that sexual wet in the title haha
what up invader is Chris here today I'm
going out to Venice Beach I'm replaying
do you like Mike if there is a prank
it's gonna come on Venice Beach isn't it
like that is where you have to go to
film a prank video
oh come on the cute hold on um why don't
we play a really quick game for a quick
kiss oh you down only naknak okay we'll
do a kiss on your neck god this acting
come on no it's on are you just walked
up to in the street a complete round
them up just a picture that you're you
watch it right now you're walking on the
street someone comes up to you and
they're like hey do you want to play a
game and if you lose I yes kiss me or I
kiss you
um okay yeah shortly and her response
rate was yeah okay but on my neck like
not come on seriously um here's the game
if my chest is the sexiest chest you
have felt in the past week I get that
kiss on the neck three down
all right here feel it
is that good is it okay chess yeah yeah
okay cool I'm honestly cringing so hard
oh okay yeah oh yeah so yeah right okay
cool let's let's pitch an idea that you
are you you've got this yeah okay
they've agreed to this game and they're
gonna kiss you
you go in for a kiss on the neck I just
fucking grabbed their ass and bring them
into like this your girlfriend that you
want to make love to do you oh she just
lifts the leg up and spots fucking dry
humping you on the street okay honestly
call washer Oh
hammer pan oh so it's clearly on a
tripod that is clearly on a tripod so
even if it was real the person would
have gone a tripod oh yeah okay oh yeah
sure
also I think she now has it all but
because he literally just made out of
her neck and she's coming now what'd I
do huh oh yeah just lifting the shores
up now cool yeah cool this is now like
soft porn you know what you're adorable
I wanna know if you want to play a
really quick game this guy let's clap
man please for a really quick here so
you down high cool um I'm sorry mate I
mean I haven't seen your chest it's not
though is it oh it's not the sexiest
chess what do you think let's do it
oh yeah there's the old scrub again yeah
yep gone you kill course yeah yeah I
really hope that skateboard like falls
off the skateboard hit him in the head
come here come here I'm stealing you
okay yeah
I like I literally want to throw my
laptop on the floor hey you know what
here stop that you're gorgeous again if
this was real if I'm in the zone doing
my hula hooping and some dickhead comes
on and kicks my hula hoop to the floor
and he's a I'm sorry I'm tired just
you're gorgeous
I'd be like art mate fuck off a really
good game for a really quickest way down
all right how would this you know what
forget the game record was just doing
but it's just so cringe-worthy justjust
stop grabbing the arse as well mate like
there's always that isn't it you know
what here
give me your number shove a phone in
their hand never oh um that was a nice
kiss would you mind if I perhaps took
your number maybe we can meet up later
not give me your number
today I'm dressed as a homeless person
you guys have seen your ground I'm
dressed as a homeless person well
already you sound like an annoying twat
it's normally pick up and kiss girls but
I thought why don't we dress up as
someone homeless and try to get kisses
oh why don't you dress up as someone
homeless and try and get kisses what's
wrong with you let's see what happens I
know it's really crazy but I know
homeless but I thought you were
beautiful and I wanted to know if you'll
play a really quick game for a kiss
stick with it that's fun that's fun what
a great idea let's take advantage of
people being homeless and try and use
that to make a viral YouTube video a lot
of ethics of those guys this is if I
when I get the kiss here we go rock
paper scissors
I went a little very aggressive kit
isn't a sound effect on that it was one
thing about this guy he loves the booty
grab doesn't it oh so I'm just I'm
listening skin is too disgusting I have
policy out enough for this guy
I like sources that ah sure like amazing
run Paper Scissors shoot
also set it up when you play a game of
rock-paper-scissors you never go
straight into it do you always have to
declare before you like are we going on
three or are we going after free you
always clear that up you don't just go
all right let's play a game
rock-paper-scissors who's gonna win hmm
cheese stone I win also it's funny how
they always first take aren't they
always
he always wins first time doesn't it
also check out my vlog channel I do
daily vlogs oh god he's daily vulgar as
well
today we're kissing girls playing no
game at all but I want you guys to talk
which girl I should take out a date man
you fucking bowler you absolutely pull
it today I'm gonna be playing a game
where I'm kissing girls but I'm not
you're playing a game
let's do it we're gonna play a really
quick game you know what
fuck the game you're adorable this game
I guess now again I mean the start this
video with me seeing a prank to rid of a
and it's just become me getting so
annoyed at this one person's videos and
clearly how obviously fake they all like
look at this before he's even gone dude
oh yeah okay we're playing a game right
he says let's play again she goes in for
a kiss before he's even said the word
kiss but they really clearly read it
fuck the game you're adorable this game
I guess oh look she she goes in for that
before he's even said come on come on
give me a kiss
that's real listener mm-hmm
the omelet
I'm literally done with this seriously
don't really know what happened with
this video turned into a massive run
basically but there you go that was he
reacting to I didn't know I was gonna
literally I was in watch that's new
action to it so maybe you enjoyed it
maybe you did a sauropod caused any
offense but that offended me so there we
go anyway hope you enjoyed it and I'll
see you tomorrow for know video I love
you guys bye
