hello what's going on beautiful sexy
people I don't really know how today's
video is gonna go we've got this today a
carbonated bubble clay mask it is all in
I believe Chinese so I don't know
anything about it but I think it's gonna
be fun inside we have a scoop it's
really hot there's no instructions on
what it smells like an old wax how you
see using my hair what's a clay mask
like another face mask it oh oh but you
just put it on ah it's very cold
Oh on my white jumper yeah I'm getting
fingers
don't make funny noises but squishing
noises but here's what bubbles in it oh
it's kind of it bubbly on my hands who
let them are sorry
rat don't touch it
what's happening it's just making funny
noises it's Bob I can hear it like
bubbling like it's growing changing my
hands look like I've got a disease on
them now but they're so I've got fungus
growing on me
whoo yeah is it like becoming 3d like
yeah wanna see if you can hear bubbling
listen pop now what face face on
the motto it's really bubbly this your
change
I can't see is in the thing one nose is
really itchy
no it's like burning my hands though
disgusting all marks it's quickly
turning into a beauty Channel how does
it feel with your face not like tight
like a face mop it feels tight no your
face marks in your light doesn't feel
like that it's still feeling like it's
working licensed I'm still here bubbles
yeah look little - um oh yeah
Connie here Oh what's happening what
movie character straight from the new
avatar film let's see how I look like on
my like phone it doesn't look like oh no
it does yeah this is really fat I look
fat like you know if you did a fat
costume this would be my base layer this
is really weird I feel like a monster
like I feel like you know when you wake
up in a film and you've got a disease
and so she's in this bum ya know nice
though
my whole physique looks different this
is what I'd look like if I had a beard
kind of just you know maybe not this
color and not the rest of my face I
imagine from here down
imagine me huh it's really growing and
I'll it really funny wines going on like
I look really funny I look like a peach
haha it's getting more fat but this is
amazing because it's like remember in
the bath as a kid used to put bubbles in
your face at her and then they'd fall
off straightaway
this is that but they're not falling off
there's just growing my eyebrows this is
amazing it's covered my nose I just
breathe up like that it's pat foam onto
my phone and on that note guys I'm going
to go get this off my face I think it's
gonna be a bit of a struggle so I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to get a big thumbs up and I'll see
you tomorrow with another normal one
don't really know what this randomness
has been but I hope you enjoyed it
alright bye
