hello a beautiful sexy phone hey and
there is a reason why I have this
ecstatic in a video and that's because
we have got part two of my childhood
candy sweet whatever you want to call it
but yeah I got this massive box of all
of the sweets from my childhood and it's
just going I'm Matt's on it and so long
oh yeah start off with milk bottles no
news if they were like not moldy Johnny
night little ratty kids have gone in
there lick their hand then left them on
the side if you got a fresh one or they
were a bloody Gooden Oh My giddy odd Oh
Oh wanna say have them not the funny
thing is guys which I used to think I'm
just check them now I never I never as a
kid used to like milk I never used to
drink milk but I used to eat these and
things that these had actual milk in
them just wrote the ingredients they
don't so sorry if any of you thought
that oh so really quiet I got not a lot
of hate but I was like it's all about
Palmer violets not about freezers and a
lot of people like I actually like
fritters so you know I'm gonna try for
is that because I didn't do him in the
last video all right the white ones are
the best ones hunt there are no so weak
to be bear fridges are also made them
mmm a freezer is also 100% there isn't
any in there do you remember the
pressures but not not refresh a stitch
remember the refresher sweets circle on
freezers are then which moves me on to
the refresher stick I think I used to
love the taste of this but they were
always a bitch to eat when they dream if
you open it gets target look it just
gets all stuck especially if it was hot
doing this in the summer would get all
start and you go to eat and roof right
okay
so bloody good though use literal use
teeth English five so many kids don't
end up with defined jaws at the rate you
have to chew so many sweets really much
sounds come out the mouth as well I mean
I used to hate rainbow drops but guess I
guess we've got to taste them they just
used to annoy me
very colorful little Baldy things
there's no point nurse all right err
dolly mixtures I mean it hasn't been as
long since having had dolly mixtures I
used to absolutely bot sleep at when I
don't know what was your favorite dolly
mixtures mine were the brown ones and as
for I was not fan of a jelly one you
know the jelly like sugary ones I was
planning this round circle ones oh so
good oh my god
also the foodie colored squares noticed
rope out there and so unbelievably
sugary Oh liquorice allsorts it Krrish
is a very much love/hate thing I love
licorice this has got a lot of just the
plain black licorice M which a lot of
people didn't like I used to really like
it you know I used to do it these they
come with I used to break them all so
first we're dancing they look like a
sandwich
eisah break them off and like change the
colors around or I'd lick them so make
these really big sandwiches that look no
little is a big sandwich
I used to guts my granny nut no look at
my Thermage I'm gonna fry money I had a
little jewel swatch in a long time
I mean I like them because it's rip
fresh not very liquidy these were the
best ones ah
Jazz's Oh didn't I know called chattels
but again you see mmm pick a mix and
they did white chocolate ones to wipe up
the lines with divine here we go so
they're basically like chocolate buns
with things on top of them so sweet
Wow they are so sweet but if it's
because now I like I realize dark
chocolate so even that their milk truck
I'm like what Oh Black Jacks remember
the other ones that could fruit salads
oh that's for 70
no black jokes all day is black gags is
licorice again isn't it fruit salad
go on then again I think I just think
it's an oh yeah a pink yellow and orange
ah to be fair that's like a school trip
food isn't it oh not a fruit transfer
better to be on it oh my god they're so
good candy sticks ah you think I was
really cool because you always get ISM
be like you ready I hope these aren't
really hard as that your do is bi huh
look grandma I'm smoking all that hard I
feel like it I think it's because
they've been left in the shop a little
bit too long but where they go a little
bit soft so as soon as you put it in
your mouth they like crumble off
probably the now update isn't it
tasteful no one knows because I'm and
taste another kid I'm watches a point
where I'm to be honest these lollies are
they were like the one oh I feel high
after just smelling that it's not that I
do really like how much obviously I feed
them anyway but I don't really like you
little ramen you owe my favorite friend
straight-up over
oh why not and they used to be so you
just used to stop sucking I mean just
crunch them off oh my god go go oh well
guys that was incredible no one liked
these did they like I'm not gonna eat
that because I bloody hated
then-then-then no one like them I'm the
very God
and then no one like them either because
these these were the lollies you sucked
and the paper stick would go paper and
you'd end up I used to eat the paper on
the stick - Wow honestly what's this
soft Sophos not true I have of that
before bit chemically pasting beyond it
I think guys that's pretty much roundup
I mean the rest we've just got some like
sherbert and some more fruit salad and
like sour harrybo's but everyone knows
what Sal harrybo is well there we go
guys that rounds up me finishing candy
from my childhood so I really hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did give
it a big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video all right
let me go bye
