hello beautiful sector how's it going
today's videos about snapchat it's
called how annoying you on snapchat
which probably how annoying I am on
snapchat don't follow me on snapchat I'm
telling you right now you are missing
out on a treat because I'm hilarious on
there that little laugh over there no
joking so you're missing out if you're
not following me on there Marcus Butler
go do it now yeah cool anything on to
the video
how annoying are you on snapchat send
someone an individual snap then posted
it to your story that's what you do all
the time
no anymore no on till you learn that's
really annoying it's like us some sent
me I'm seeing it in your story but
you've learnt like yeah you live in your
night maybe I won't be annoying posted a
snapchat laying everyone know you are
going on holiday no oh no but it's like
it's not it's not a lot of minds
work-related yeah a lot of its
work-related where is like all of my
best mates as soon as our holiday don't
post that has any time Sue's our holo
light how'd your Wednesday going I'm on
the beach of a margarita cool fuck you
so I'm not taking that one I don't count
I travel I travel I travel for work
posted a snap to be holding your
passport we've done that both the snap
of the plane emotion your destination no
yes yeah post is a snap of you at the
beach yeah place is a snap of the sunset
I don't really do that I don't really do
that you do that yeah see how I don't
really do that Nicholas you did use the
dog filter yeah I did last night
I don't usually do cuz it's like every
freaking person they love that I want to
like cute I'm gonna say that don't feel
wrong use the flat are the flower crown
pill and jog on posted a run to your
story yes definitely have posted a pic
in the dark with the time to let
everyone know you can't sleep yeah no I
posted no I post a picture with the time
when I'm up at like 4:00 a.m. like as in
zebra
Berlin haha I'm not like a can't leap to
am but you're trying to throw me under
the bus on everyone here posted a pic in
the dark women it so everyone know
you're mad
no never done that snap picture of your
dog don't have a dog
it's not a picture of your cat yeah all
the time it's that multiple sure to be
captain one day yeah that multiple
pictures of your dog in it in one day
post a video of yourself my man along to
some of the club never done that
what oh yeah never done posted a video
of your friends mining along Tucson at
the club yeah post is a hungover self to
your story
no no but you hungover selfie I'm not
gonna be like wow guys wild I had a
story that was longer than two minutes
every day add a story along than 5
minutes every day as far as long about
10 minutes yeah when I'm into EDC I
think it got really snap happy and took
ages oh shit same place yeah but it's
like you're with me on the journey it's
not pick up your food since I'll
multiple snaps in a row
no not keenbean snaps on because they
wouldn't replied your text
definitely not posted a bar for himself
never done that not have done that
posted a full of a selfie yeah I'm into
fashion alright guys I like fashion
posted a girls night out selfie I'm not
a girls I know posted a pic of BAE with
heart eyes emoji no I haven't done that
yes should someone else's about this app
all the time
green showed someone else's embarrassing
snout and then uploaded from memories
come on upload that video of you in the
green screen from memory song posted a
snap of your feet now like not just my
actual feet if I'm with shoes maybe yeah
yeah yeah one time you used to watch
much that you don't watch my snapchats
anymore do you
you've stopped you've thought wait when
you come around right you see what
snapchat know what it is yes then
snapjet yeah
non snapchat no good not strangers on
snapchat
yep done that posted a candid snap of
your friend never I'm never posting cat
it's nice I'm all he's like oh don't
I'm always a making them look funny
postally can of snap of your friend
eating know posted a photo a gig where
you're so far back you can see he's
playing no no I'll be down at the front
top bro yeah boo calendar it is more
about the experience around Julie
it's not so much about always Calvin
sorry Calvin documented the whole the
whole of a gig on you still easy poses
the snap of your first Starbucks red now
or at you outlet this because it's not
red season yet when it's red season can
you get an iced americano red season cup
snap to pick of something funny and send
it to a friend saying this is you yeah
snapped a picture of your friends crush
and sent into them yeah that's how many
fancy me like oops that was meant
someone else to start conversation I've
got better game than that show me my
results
you check 25 out 41 on this list you're
sort of an island snapchat you like
people to know where you are and what
you are doing but you'd like to keep
some things to yourself how very correct
of you BuzzFeed I do like to share I am
because kind of what I do but don't
wanna share everything with you now do I
keep some of those things a little
secret
