hello you beautiful sexy people yes my
top has got holes in before any of you
ran on although the rats that are in the
house could have eaten eating the top I
will give you that welcome to a video
where I'm going to be reacting to
something that happened yesterday if you
watch if you subscribe to if you watched
in my main channel you would have seen
the video may you may have seen the
video yeah while I want to quit YouTube
now first of all there is differences
between more Marcus and my main channel
you will probably be aware of it but I'm
going to tell you just in case you're
not because I'm going to treat this how
I'm explaining things that you know
nothing so this channel is very much so
me me no acting it's like my personality
it's just me saying whatever I want to
say that's more Marcus in a nutshell in
channel is obviously me but a lot of the
stuff is written or scripted or put into
a sketch or a collaboration which is
obviously my personality so this video
has blown up and it's also become my
most hated video in terms of dislikes
and also a lot of the comments so I just
kind of wanted to read through them
because I find it very funny I honestly
am finding it very funny a little bit
frustrating but very very funny so the
reason this video has got a lot of hate
is because everyone's straight into
calling it clickbait because I'm drawing
people into this video and then it's
called why I want to quit YouTube and
I'm not quitting YouTube now if you if
you hear it like that yeah I would agree
that that would be thick mate but it is
a sketch it's a skit it is written out
and it's acted the whole thing is set up
and it's a parody like I am taking a lot
of things within the YouTube community
that a lot of creators are doing and
putting a very very sarcastic spin on it
now I appreciate that there may be some
very young people watching that video
who don't understand sarcasm who don't
there's nothing like there's nothing I
can do about that like that is YouTube
my audience is very very varied from 30
year old to watch it to having 8 year
olds that watch the content is so stupid
he is so mean Alfie and Jo and someone
good like that is a comment from someone
I date I assume is very young that's
what I'm kind of dealing with is that of
course it's a sketch I planned I wrote
out the conversations with Joe and Alfie
and what we're gonna do and I spoke with
them and got them to say these things
and they were like that's what a
sketches I'm just gonna read for someone
points and explaining them probably get
annoyed at some of them and react to
them and just I don't know whatever
these are all random spread out comments
I have never heard of you I don't know
you at all but don't leave you have 4.5
million subs at least give them to
someone for me an example there was a
lot of comments all quite quite a few
comments like this like Marcus please
like don't quit because they're basing
it on just the title of a video before
watching the content now I don't know
how after watching the video or even 30
seconds into the video when I talk about
I've said hello so many times and it
cuts to me sat here going like a few if
you've made it that far and you're kind
up not sure that it's a joke already
then yeah there's nothing I can do about
that yeah I did feel a little bit sorry
for these columns because they're just
there was some people being really sweet
and you know if I was actually going
through that which some people are on
YouTube yeah of course I make video
about and it would be a very serious
video and there was some such
sweethearts like you can you can do it
Marcus don't quit like stay with it and
I was a bit like I feel bad for you
thinking that this is real but oh do you
not realise that it's not real Amy this
is actually funny in a witty kind of way
thanks Amy
probably what there's because obviously
as so much of click bang oh dickhead
that's like 1 in 100 comments that are
actually appreciating content and then
you get comments like this Lee mostly
quit then watch the video then dickhead
Oh Izzie people are seeing the title and
clicking and probably not watching
anything going straight to the comments
and seeing the top commenters who knew
this was like a Purdue news was fake and
then just throwing an abuse at me so
good one li next time watch it deep dark
midnight every video with at least a
little bit of irony and sarcasm brings
out the stupid people who are just
incapable of getting it that explains
the home for 11k dislikes I enjoyed the
video a lot and laughed throughout it
thank you Marcus on this video you're
getting a lot of haters
why do you do clickbait whatever
happened to the good old Marcus we know
most of us are so disappointed but some
of us are hanging on with you you get a
lot of people like know when they saw
this title
clickbait sucks but you don't if you
keep going like this with this title
maybe you will suck watch out marcus
don't do crate wait now if you look at
my channel it's not a clickbait channel
i don't know how to describe it because
its clickbait in the sense that the tie
it's not true to the title because I'm
not quitting YouTube but it's a parody
about that character who I created
wanting to quit YouTube so what else do
I call it like how would you want to see
that in a title have you been on Jeremy
Karl before you look like that sort of
guests come no mate I haven't but really
cool name don't be mad because I game on
a 55 inch 4k fucking baller moonlight
stars I don't know if any of that was
true
but either way please don't start please
don't do that again also are you still
friends with our fans over did you
really say that about them in a video
but I just I want to hug you like you're
probably like an 8 year old like that I
mean that's weird hugging an 8 year old
yeah you know I mean by yeah it's it was
a joke
sorry its parody ash 29k please quit
have you thought about killing yourself
as well oh that's a peasant thing to
write to someone isn't it have you
thought about killing yourself as well
no I haven't and I don't plan to but
it's not really saying you should throw
about in a comment section either just
imagine if I was literally taking that
comment how I'm guessing my video annoys
you you read the title and then it was a
parody imagine if I was reading your
comment and felt the same response to
that that you have to the video but I'm
laughing at you instead seriously it's
not
that hard to not clickbait maybe if you
actually made interesting content people
would actually watch your videos instead
you try to trick your audience all the
time don't click they all the time they
look for my main channel and let me read
through the last few videos exposing our
personal Facebook's no clickbait
pranking our mom's gone wrong and
clickbait never have I ever with my mum
naughty Edition no click mate we talked
about sex and weird shit this was a
really fun really random sketch yeah
fuck off Marcus gone to your head mate
biggest clickbait bullshit I've ever
seen you know full well that wasn't a
sketch that required creativity or
artistic ability it was just a bullshit
money plug it's all about the views
because it's all about the money
fuck off mate all right Sarah pocket
cheese I would really have liked what
you typed that like were you spitting at
the time like were you like smashing
your fingers down on that keyboard
getting absolutely rattled you know fool
that wasn't a sketch no I don't it it
was us yet how could it not be more of a
sketch that's not who I am that is a
character it was written it was like
thought about we plan every single shot
that's what a sketch is and then you've
got like the next comment genuinely
thought this was one of the funniest
videos you've ever done thank you on
that note I take it even though is got
loads of this ice I honestly think is
one of my favorite videos I've ever made
she's really getting desperate huh I
hope people one day actually realise
what's good and what's bad content so
many shitty youtubers get thousands of
views well there are people who
genuinely try actually putting effort
into what they make yet this prick and
other popular youtubers just have to
take a shit and everyone flocks to put
song in a jar and add it to their shine
or is that just me
anyway this happens everywhere not just
YouTube again like fair enough you
didn't like the video but fair enough
but I genuinely did put a lot of effort
into that video maybe you didn't watch
it maybe you just didn't like it but in
terms of effort put into a video there
was a lot of effort into that video he
talked about MB games but he hasn't
uploaded in over a year
dot dot dot that is the entire like that
is one of the jokes that was put in
I haven't uploaded for over a year so
it's funny that I'm referencing that
channel in the first place and then I'm
sat there watching the live subscriber
count' on that channel I does everyone
on YouTube have this haircut as anyone
else on YouTube got this haircut not
really sure why people are saying this
title is clickbait it's a skip parroting
parodying other youtubers who complain
about some of the most pointless things
about their channels where exactly did
the title not correlate with the video
thank you Jason people's inability to
understand sarcasm and take a joke
astounds me good job Marcus this was
very funny now don't get me wrong just
like if someone doesn't find the video
funny you I can't sit here and go oh
brute sarcasm right of course my aim is
to make the video funny with sarcasm but
not everyone might like that or you
might not like that level of sarcasm or
how I used it so I'm not like reading
that and saying like no sarcasm just
like everyone needs to like it I'm you
know thank you for enjoying that though
that was one of the best videos of
watching a long time very refreshing to
watch something different and also shows
how brave you are posting it thank you
that was the other thing like people
people complain all the time and I made
the video on this channel every day
about original content and then they
post this and they're like oh no it's
not creative at all mode like just not I
thought it's quite creative actually
really clever use of obvious clickbait
carefully constructed and well scripted
this was cool as a creator this is an
interesting watch as we tend to think
it's just me and hearing in a sketch was
fun that's like really nice meat here I
genuinely thanks Rachel oh my god you
just want viewers so pathetic because
your videos suck and you're not even
funny and holy shit oh he said holy shit
this video suck get a fucking life you
Justin Bieber worship hey don't bring
the Biebs into this come on
fuck sake using clickbait to get those
views this is why I'm getting sick of
YouTube personally it's all about the
views of making that money and not about
the quality of content yo ya just it
goes with everything else I've said like
for me the quality of that video for me
what I believe is much higher than doing
a collab with Alfie and Joe or making a
fun video of my mum of course I love
doing those videos like the most fun to
film because it's just you pissing about
having fun but when you're actually
writing and creating and thinking about
how things gonna look and edit and piece
together that stuff as a creator also
excites me am I the only person who
actually seems to get his sarcasm 414
people agreed with you Sophie again if
you don't get it there's nothing I can
do about that if you don't like it
that's also fine like this that is also
fine I'm not upset about that you've
gone to shit now most pointless YouTube
okay good
no one gives a shit about you if you're
gonna quit and just fucking quit stop
creating attention cuz no one cares go
your channel is shit anyway it's also
coming from someone with a username
called the dinosaur zero one again
brilliant example not actually watching
the video I'm not trying to gain
attention I'm not pretending in a
serious way that I'm going to quit and
then not quit like it was a yeah don't
even know who this is
to be honest what you do now someone
who's not quitting YouTube but and I
think we're gonna finish on this
blessing of a comment absolute
delightfulness in a jar
Jay Kingston fucking dumb stupid-ass
kill yourself this isn't funny and
you're a disgrace to YouTube unsubscribe
I hope this wasn't a joke please quit
YouTube fucking worthless piece of shite
Wow
first of all apologies that that video
brought this much anger out of you maybe
you're this angry all the time
you know might not be nice to be around
someone like that yeah again it's um it
was a parody so don't worry everything's
gonna be okay no yeah that's gonna round
up this video I don't really know I just
I've never had a video draw that much
controversy basically in this short
space of time so that's why I wanted to
not miss to stick up right is that I
don't have to do that but I thought it'd
be funny to read through and react to
some of the things and see what some of
you guys thought but I feel like I've
touched every area that I wanted to
touch so yeah hey I hope you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video all
right love you guys
