hello what's going on beautiful sexy
people for we saw this video I've also
seen a lot of you in the comment section
saying things about this background and
like why I've seen just not like being
aggressive just so people are why you
filming down here and just a slight it's
much nicer to film down here then my
like little room upstairs which is
probably doesn't look that little on the
video but when you've got two people in
there like all my when I travel all my
suitcases are in there it's just quite
squishy anyway to today's video there
has been a lot about clowns recently
around the world starting up in America
I don't know really anything about this
I haven't looked into this yet I just
know a lot of people are talking about
clowns and the video that was uploaded
yesterday everyone was like please react
to all the clowns have please react to
the clown stuff so lo and behold I'm
going to be reacting to this crazy clown
nurse clown freakishness new police
warning / killer clown crap clown graves
are an advert is more reports of clown
signs inspired by pranks in years have
promoted police to warn people not to
cause fear and to distress and
distressed others so thing what I
initially knew about this was there was
just like ain't no sir I'm Phillip
Franco's video he mentioned it really
really briefly and he said that that was
just this is before and hingle crazy
people were just dressing up in clown
outfits and people spotting them around
America think that's right police have
issued a fresh one off two more reports
of clowns causing fear an upset across
Greater Manchester so this is obviously
the UK killer clown craze appears to
being inspired by terrifying pranks
involving knives in the US and has seen
a string of copycat incidents across the
country now police are warning potential
offenders they may be committing a
public order offence angry parents
blasted clown pranksters who reduce
children to tears as they walk to school
and in the latest report incident on
Saturday police blasted an idiot in a
car lot who was leaning out the van
window very shouting a putt passes by
the van which had distinctive gold mud
guards was spotted and reported police
in Whitefield posted details of the
latest clowns and on twitter they said
idiot and clown masters warning leaning
out of white vans shaft
passengers scaring people for
entertainment isn't funny or clever
there have been numerous sightings
across Greater Manchester with social
media group claiming that five high
schools a little over two minutes it's
too much claiming mentioned here's a
question a you scared of clowns the
clowns scare you from what I think
clowns like the idea of clowns doesn't
really scare me I've been in those like
Halloween night where you go into a
clown themed scary house and there's
clown scaring and of course that's scary
because there's clowns running at you
from all like corners of the room in the
pitch-black the I ducky the clown was at
the door I wouldn't be like oh probably
I hey you see anything oh that's Creon
fucking hurts in the woods oh shit knows
what the clock that's not really shit
wonder shit shit shit fuck me and Steve
out here in Greenville
one o'clock in the morning no sir don't
think so they just standing there like
what's the point
I don't understand that the reasoning
behind it just people sitting around
when they drive to the clown liable do
something better with your time we don't
go in and anything better to do on a
Sunday then go down to the shop dress up
and sit in front of you're driving a
clown outfit I agree seeing one at night
and like middle of the road is a little
bit creepy probably thrown I'm running
towards the car on a bicycle and then I
look up then I see this fucking clown
right here that freaked me out bro what
what are they chew in just in the middle
of the quad fucking refresh dumbass the
fuck am I just kind of arresting us yeah
running at the Carlisle shit oh yeah
what's up but I mean yeah that clown is
scary but it's got like teeth hanging
out and stuff but you ha OH
getting in the car yeah yeah you know
doing the old prank here in there's you
know ha ha ha but actually causing
people like genuine terror is not really
that funny
thanks guys what was that game it's an
attorney's about the Warriors or
something no joke like you oh are you
fucking idiot how stupid are some people
do you don't be funny these people doing
all these things take the mask off their
face and you'd probably laugh at them
like when they're standing there doing
this with their arms you just be like oh
look there's a weird person that was
looking at us oh yeah okay rather than
screaming they've got a mask on well
there we go I guess if we've learned
anything from today's video it is that
Marcus doesn't like Kyle scaring people
think they look quite heated during that
video and if you're thinking of doing
that
don't do it just just don't may be funny
the first time but don't scare people be
nice I hope you guys enjoyed this video
you guys requested it so yeah if you
have other videos that you want me to do
obviously leave me in the comments and I
hope you can do as well I'm an outspoken
on video all right
