hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going yes that is that is FIFA on the TV
screen in the back so my head might be
covering it most of the time but just
chill all right today's videos we made a
little bit different I sided up this
whole Marcus moans thing like a couple
of weeks ago well I had a little rant
about something and you guys seem to
enjoy it because it's just me saying
with no context and just chatting now
something which has become a little bit
topical recently and has always been a
subject that people like to talk about
is youtubers and original content now I
don't really know where this video is
gonna go or what's gonna happen some
literally just sitting here and sharing
some of my thoughts about the whole
topic I'm not I'm not doing this to
defend myself or anything like that I'm
just purely speaking what's on my mind
about YouTube generally if someone makes
a video that is their own version of a
challenge or they've been inspired by
someone and they've taken someone's
challenge and put their own twist on it
or anything like that
people love to jump in the comment and
complain about there not being original
content and stop creating this whole
 shitstorm basically and it's
always become like people thrive off
trying to call people out for not making
an original content or not making good
content or comparing someone's video to
someone else's video now the issue that
you have with this is YouTube is a
platform where you can't Road whatever
the hell you want if you want to upload
a video of you sat there picking your
nose for five minutes and then eating it
and putting it online you can do that
you have every right to do that
if you want to spend six months on a
short film and put some budget into that
and put a lot of time and effort into it
and then upload that you can upload that
now the reason I say you choose a
platform this is because people will
often say oh I can't believe you're
making a trying candy video and
someone's made a short film like it's
just not fair for example sometimes this
channel wall markets will get criticism
from people saying oh you just sit there
and speak and like don't actually do
anything well done yes I sit here and I
make funny little videos every single
day for this channel that's what this
channel set out to be that's you know
that's what
gonna get with this channel that's what
I've been doing for over a year on this
channel that's what I'm going to
continue doing on this channel because I
enjoy it and I think the people watching
the stuff on this channel enjoy it if
you watched on my main channel stuff you
will see that over there sometimes when
I've worked on a sketch there is a lot
more that goes into that it's written as
more more cutaways a lot more editing
goes into a lot more time and effort
goes into that and then there's other
things that like that go beyond YouTube
that I work on that you might not know
like writing some really cool projects
that I will be able to share with you
soon in one day but things like that
that have a lot of time and effort that
go into them but just because it's not
on this channel you've seen one video
where someone's just having a laugh that
you can't cool people out on things like
that as a youtuber as a youtuber people
will often ask you are you making things
that you want to make or how much does
your audience affect the content that
you're putting out there and I'm gonna
talk on both myself and probably most of
youtubers out there that of course I am
making what I want to make like no one's
forcing me to make content no one I
don't have like management who like you
should make these videos like every
decision that is made on this channel
and the stuff that I make is me same
with most other youtubers I would be
lying and so probably a lot of youtubers
if they said that they don't cater stuff
to their audience because you have built
up an audience from making certain types
of videos that audience have grown to
like those that type of style of content
so of course you're gonna try and
continue that side of content if you're
still happy with it at the same time so
it's always like a combination of the
two it's like yes I'm making something
that I want to make but also something
that hopefully my audience wants to me
and every now and again some youtubers
I've done this on my main channel I will
upload something that is so
random and weird that when I'm editing
it shucks what is going through my head
when I made this and what are people
gonna think and unsubscribe but then I'm
still like yeah I'm just gonna put it up
because I want to put it up so there's
like a combination of the two you also
have to remember that as an individual
you have an opinion you have preferences
now what you might like John watching
this video may be completely different
to what Sarah who's also watching this
video enjoys now let's say John loves
loves this style of video that he's
watching and let's say Sara who's
watching this video I hates me
can't stand me can't stand the things
I'm watching you are both allowed to
have that opinion so if john loves this
content people like Sara shouldn't be
hating on John for liking this content
same if John is watching a video that
Sara loves and John doesn't like it it
doesn't matter if you don't like the
same content having an opinion doesn't
make you right or wrong when it comes to
things that you like and you shouldn't
fight with people you shouldn't yes you
should voice your opinion with things
but you shouldn't try and change
someone's opinion for then watching
something that you might not like well
it was a mouthful and I guess I said it
didn't want to like defend me and saw
that but coming back to me the reason
I'm making this video is because I might
have seen people saying things like this
now if someone saying ah all you're
doing is a quiz like all you're doing is
reacting to a video we don't sit like
yes well done stating the obvious but
then people will often finish off with
or you put no effort into your videos or
you know it's so easy to do that and
it's like well yeah of course reacting
the video is easier then something that
I might do on my main channel like you
might forget that I spend hours and
hours and hours and hours making music
videos on that channel and spending a
lot of my own money on the production
value of that and actually getting a
song made and things like that and then
I've already mentioned it but taking it
outside of YouTube like there's a lot of
things that I'm putting a lot of effort
into that I will be sharing with you
soon but those things take a lot of time
and it's like yes I can make these fun
sit-down videos whenever wherever I am
in the world but I am also doing those
more challenging videos that you have to
put time and effort into and follow it's
just like chill out if you're someone
who hates who's on people who aren't
making short films or who are making
sit-down videos or making a whole video
like it doesn't matter it's YouTube get
over it if you are one of those people
stop putting yourself through it stop
winding yourself up by watch those
videos probably help with your stress
levels a lot don't even know maybe
hopefully I've got something out like
wanted to say from this video probably
I've just rambled on for five minutes or
so in the meantime I need to
films from try not to cry videos so I'm
gonna go do that and I have seated my
over no video all right
sit out guys
