hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today
oh you're the hiccups and hot so burping
so good i what box here for your box
which contains retro sweets monitor this
video for a while not necessarily sweets
from childhood you know just like retro
sweets maybe sweets that you add when
you're a kid or you go to the penny shop
and you'd spend a penny on sweets I bet
sweets don't even cost a penny anymore
but you know like I used to go bless her
when she was around my grandma we used
to go to sweet shop all the time and my
mum would drop my sisters me and my
sisters off at her house and my mum
would say to my grandma should sit down
she go now whatever you do Barbara make
sure you don't tend to sweet shop and
grandma be like yes of course sue and
then as soon as she goes grandma we take
a straight to sweet shop because that's
what grandparents do right and I
remember you go in and get your penny
sweets but can you do that now can you
get sweets that are a penny probably not
oh my god gee how hard it's gonna be for
me to not eat all of this I can't even
tell you how much these things mean to
me like these were like so freaking good
and remember in school did you ever used
to bite them and flick them
did you see do that so you guys probably
notice I'm just gonna show you so you
get one bite half off and get a half in
your mouth
I on a break vibrate the hands literally
straight into the lens sit there in
school hit the back of people's heads
amazed that I didn't tell you that yeah
and also it's actually disgusting when I
think about it what I do is I put like
ten in my mouth that time and you just
suck them until they go really really
soft then they just crumble off in your
mouth you should
oh hello good job preparing for the
reason I'm saying it's gross is because
what you'd end up with so when you come
to finish it you just have the soggiest
string in the world oh my god
Parma violets are my life people some
people used to hate them because they do
taste a bit like soap but they are like
the most amazing things and you know you
cease to get the other ones that came
with them Frizzles up frizzes frizzes no
one liked frizzes did they it was all
about Parma violets oh I've just got
watery eyes from the smell of that I'm
doing drugs I'm like did you like pong
Lila's
I was like in a polybag sometimes I've
happened something about now that weird
I would honor to have like eight packs
in a row oh oh me oh my god guys I
like now I can smell it oh no my child
hope I'd never have felt this happy
emotional in a video guide but I'm
looking at things and I'm actually
starting to tear off there is just so
much amazing stuff in this box I'm gonna
have to do two videos on there
I don't I literally don't want to choose
net flying saucers rember those legends
I mean I say those legends that she
tastes that no one likes the sorcerer
used to crack open and just get the show
but you Jacob don't like soccer man that
goes yeah like yeah but like when the
stuff is in your mouth that is
definitely not what she said oh when the
stuff goes in your mouth it's just so
it's satisfying
I don't know why I've done an American
technic oh yeah I used to only try and
get the like different colour sided one
remember some would be like playing but
you have plain pink both sides and then
you'd have double sided are very paper
if that's like all there
huh Nana Choi Oh gets wet get wet and
ban explode into your mouth I think it's
my favorite video I've ever done I'm
just so happy right now if I thought
half the stuff in here I didn't know
it's just servos radiant white mice oh
my god I never knew who buys in
a pack they used to always be a bit like
moldy in the liked picnics beds they did
didn't they these would be like the
moldy thing but you'd still like getting
them because you know they're just solid
white chocolate oh I'm gonna have to dip
him for white mouse but they're also I
meant they're very very sickly that you
can really have more than 500 I does
white chocolate have to taste so go oh
my god what is that sorry headphone
users guys I'm going to do one more
thing in this video we've just got so
many things to tackle but if I just say
some things we've got the part - we got
refreshers we've got Rick or no one like
my sister used to bloody love rainbow
drops oh my god we got dolly mixtures
these though oh my god the drumstick
lolly that is how you lose your teeth
isn't it like if you had a wobbly tooth
bloody munch and one of them and that
tooths come in straight out it's an
absolute classic like that is the
vintage Chanel yes did you ever have
though they did big ones like that sighs
oh it's gonna be one yeah proper chunky
all this stuff in here is like proper as
well like it's not sometimes you it was
hit and miss when you're younger and
you'd get like a rock solid sweet or
this is all soft and chewy like
ja I know usually you lose the stick
straight away down here I click hey and
oh yeah
and the whole country's in your mouth on
that's on do show go I'm right which is
better than sex
honestly it should be illegal for sweets
to be made how can things taste so good
and be so bad for you
alright well if I show you the size of
the box like we hardly even get started
I'm not even joking so maybe you don't
want to see this but based on how happy
I've been maybe you want to see part two
so if you want to see part two give me
give me give me a thumbs up yeah I guess
give me a thumbs up I'll take that tell
me what your childhood sweet as well or
if you remember any of these or if you
any of these now still so let me know
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video
good back
