hello beautiful sexy people hello hello
hello welcome to the area that we know
is taking part in some kind of food or
beverage challenge today is the
blindfolded water challenge now I know
what you're thinking Marcus waters water
there's no difference in taste well you
are probably right by reckon the water
companies beg to differ
I'm sure each brand has its own unique
taste so we are going to discover the
different tastes of water Jordan oh the
brands I would like to know if we have
six waters so we've got little Scottish
mountain water by Sainsbury's okay we've
got overly overly which is a fitness
water from Planet organic and heard of
that one we've got live water
I've water whole plant organic we've got
tap water which is from your tap and
we've got epi in which everyone knows
heavier and we've got Volvic all we say
yeah how'd you get them doing this one
if I'm completely honest I think I'm
going to struggle to tell the difference
in the water
you know the only water the only water
which you know you know what I'm gonna
say Fiji water Fiji water when water is
cold it has there is a slight difference
in taste and smoothness no feeds water
today though I'm afraid right don't put
your blindfold oh yeah right we're back
for this interesting thing that hurts my
head hello welcome to Marcus okay well
you like babies so yeah I think you
should do quite a lot of this doesn't
everyone like water well not everyone
does Rudy yeah I mean it's what I mean
I'm not drinking necessarily like it
wears
no does anyone actually like water but I
think I'm not drinking like all that I
like I want a hot sunny day love or
water I drink water because it's
extremely healthy drink water no I drink
it cuz your body needs water I drink
around three liters of water a day
d yes I think I do a bit less amount
like to go three four liters or Letus
bloody trow you wooden it's just so good
for your body just doesn't mean you need
to go for a pee a lot you can live like
that unless you're just like staying
next to the bathroom all the time right
we're ready you're going from right to
left I were going from right to left
there you go put your hand it's their
mortar number one here we go there's a
strong yeah there's this job yeah
Japanese take it no what you put the
straw it's in there oh oh oh yeah Walter
number one here we go someone who's had
a gulp of water that is um what was the
brand that you said from Panasonic life
no yeah one overly overly unknown with
that yeah yeah didn't you say it's a
fitness water or something yeah yeah I'm
going with that I feel like this is a
high levels of alkaline in it these
scientific terms remove ones number two
yes here yep hmm I mean it's water I
think it could be like I'll come back to
this heavy of a live question mark yeah
oh don't do it cheating going on here
hang on I'll give you the glasses okay
that's life okay or Evian okay
I'm gonna I'm gonna taste more than zero
saying life or eviant yet
it's wrong tap water 100% honey
yeah hundred percent what's me saying
that I know what my tap water tastes
like does they have a taste
yeah for sure okay my tap water does
taste different to bottled water what we
like to think so considering we pay a
lot of money lots of water
I think it's career beyond I think that
could be IBM okay and last one no that's
that VM okay right well you've got three
down on the eddy it's okay I've got this
okay sports water fitness water yeah
remember taste yes that Volvic okay what
did I say number three was you said
number free was guy yep Ian I'm going
with spring one the Sainsbury's spring
water yeah number four was tap water
yeah number five I'm going with life
okay and number six Evian okay cool
do you want to take off your headrest
Mars no you did quite well I think so
you got that right I got that uh our
client spring water you said I did say
that
oh and electrolytes yeah so that'd be
good for your shits that's good well
drink much that one but he said Evie in
was evolved it he said both of it was
Sainsbury's tap water your bro and then
he said Sainsbury's was like I mean
that's quite harsh and life isn't it why
it's life's quite expensive visit yeah
is it actually yeah ah see I said Evian
cuz I think of Evian being like the
really kinda like prestigious water
really yeah I don't know why so that's
why cuz I thought honestly this one
tastes the best to me yeah that's life
yeah like this tastes honestly like
that's true you say that
that must be the marketing because it's
not it's just a normal water really it's
one up from supermarkets own yeah but
it's it's a nice name and is the sponsor
of Wimbledon Oh win Morden's polish
yeah but monsters and sponsor the
Olympics doesn't make it good so you got
two out of six I should have got both
I've worked it Bobby come on let me go
from the bottom cuz that makes a
difference over let me taste this again
still Scottish you honesty can there is
a difference like you can taste not tech
it's more just like the texture of it Oh
like there's a mortar in Paris that
thinketh 150 pound for bottle I tell you
what my favorite water is actually got
Voss water
oh yeah bosses - barking through yeah
the hot sparkling up six that's not bad
to be honest yeah considering its water
I think I'm being press your tap water
oh that's impressive
really yeah seriously I think and the
first one the way you describe it
alkaline yeah that that was good have
you tasted this yeah I did have a little
bit it's gonna say could you taste no
but then I'm not on water connoisseur it
just their tastes different cool well
there we go
who knew that was a video idea it was
funny because last time I saw Louise she
said she was going to make a parody of
the blindfolded stuff and do Brian
folding water one I was like we were
already doing that you worry so here's
your video Louise here just shout out as
well she begged me for a shout out as
well so Louise she's actually a massive
fan of more Martha so Thank You Louise
yeah I hope you guys enjoy the video
subscribe if you need to give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
everyone bye
