hello beautiful sexy people how you do
today welcome back to a morphed youtubes
episode now we created this series on
this channel originally and then I did a
collaboration with Simon on my main
channel if you watch my main channel so
you would have seen it there bassy where
Matt morphs youtubers into one picture I
have to guess what youtubers are in that
picture and what part of that youtuber
is well one is like obvious straight
away Roman outward well huh
but the body it's wearing a smile more
t-shirt a very obvious how many you
choose earned this for for we got
someone's hair yes
look spit up joella's hair we've
obviously got someone else's eyes
someone else's mouth someone else's hair
correct
it's the mouth joey graceffa no oh he
isn't eyes yes Joey has got amazing eyes
to be fair yeah his eyes are pretty or
something special whose hair is that
who's got really greasy gelled down hair
me some glasses who wears sunglasses a
lot the casein a star yeah yeah but his
head's black and and gel down you see
it's not greasy Casey I'm just saying
it's gel down not you definitely know
much my videos the mouth male or female
male game British no the peopIe know I
don't know whose mouth players feel very
big tongue stampylonghead got yeah eight
mil subs oh ok yeah mana he the guy
hangs around when they're together with
by the our friends oh is it markiplier
yes mark tires have you got big tongue
stretch to it why doesn't know Casey
it's very moody there oh my god what is
that is Ingrid what yeah yeah and like
face yeah whose tongue is that
oops be like my teeth honestly those
teeth look like mine
not me nice on you who wears I makeup
like that give me a clue on the mouth
I'm Marie stuff on the mouth someone who
is a beauty youtuber it's not Zoey's
mouth
no is it Tania yes yeah Jos the lips
pressure on her lip her bottom lip then
not because I've like kissed on your and
I gotta be weird and the eyes ah big in
the game in the beauty beauty eh oh is
it Michelle Phan yes oh oh
smash that did my toms picture Alfie
deyes yeah Wow Zoey's eyes yeah boys on
a row he's on a roll joso ter yeah oh my
mouth eyes I didn't it yeah fuck is that
oh yeah struggling this one my eyes no
don't oh why don't take my eyes I'm just
wearing makeup and got eyelashes I
haven't a clue it's freely when they're
all female I like literally don't have a
clue I want to say Zoe's hair but we've
just had day one of them there two of
them are British one American isn't it
very most of her yes well done fate
whose face is that it's in the froze
face
yeah there's eyes do I know this person
yeah no her eyes are green it's not
spring who hid her eyes a green oh oh
I literally I don't know I'm stuck on
this one
ah Fleur haven't seen flow in real life
in a long time so that's my tease for
not knowing that what why is that
morphed abreact Rossini yeah that's the
next series guys you'd like to see the
more pet challenge Thanks probably loads
you'll want to see that at Nala what ha
the body yeah
Joey's dog which one and will they move
man
don't know the name of the other one was
it being with s storm
yes storms or eyes yeah yeah Jim and
Tanya's dog know so Hollings dog no it's
a Pomeranian
yeah that's why SOI Horseman's what
Pomerania but that's not so that's
cheating
that's bad right yeah I guess half point
yeah who had bought you two other
Pomeranian Beauty look a flock is about
beauty bloggers do they make youtube
videos yeah one there goes Associated
blogs of daily blogs blogger blog in his
video blogging so Jennifer your locker
yeah you could say that fart vlogger
part legend so enjoyed myself tell me I
don't know guys Pomeranian fun oh yeah
find that we're not three two one it yes
Paulina who's holding it bethany mota
Amelia yeah well there we go that rounds
up more youtubers Technica so to because
it's on this channel and if you guys
want to see it continue I was episode
three just being shouted out over the
episode three which if you want to see
more give the video a big thumbs up and
other than that I will see tomorrow of
novel
