hey beautiful sexy people how's it going
guess what this isn't a green-screen ha
ha so if there's a green screen but it's
actually my living room yeah yeah I
don't know why in the daylight when it's
lighter round here it does look I've
watch new videos reading your clients I
was like actually does look a bit fake I
don't know if that's compliment towards
my lighting in camera or it just looks
weird but it's not green screen this is
my house so welcome to my humble abode
anyway we're jumping back in with this
was a viewer request that I got tweeted
think I got tweeted this took a
screenshot and it was did a little dip
bail did it don't can you get 15 out of
20 in this flag or not flag quiz that is
question we've done a few flag words on
here they're always very fun to do that
fun for you guys because it involves
lots you from rather Lots you from
around the world watch this watch this
watch my channel literally countries all
over I des pr√©s wine so hopefully we
can include some of you in this is this
a flag or not a flag that has a flag
that is a flag don't lie I like what
which means not a flag it is a flag
isn't that Norway may that is a that is
a flag that is Norway how is that how is
that not normally Norway yeah is that
flag yeah this is wrong this in the
middle oh yeah
come on oh yeah I realize it's in the
middle but that's plagiarism if that's
how it's gonna be played BuzzFeed we go
play in this a flag or not a flag that's
a flag or short country is a Liberia I
was going to say South American country
so sorry Liberia is this a flag on our
flag that is not a flag but it makes you
think it's the Italian flag but the
Italian flag is the other way around not
flag the colors of the Italian flag at
the other way around
Ciao Bella I can't speak anymore Italian
is this a flag or not flag that is
meant to be Jerusalem no that is true
son while steaming clothes it's meant to
be North Korea my excuse is I got you in
geography geography wasn't my chosen
subject never will be not like I want to
say that's Turkey but different color no
it's the flag of Pakistan well on my way
to not getting 15 out of 20 this right
this is a flag or not a flag that is not
flag looks like the blue triangle is
much formula yeah I knew that that's
what that is the reason why it's not
like it is fly you're not a flag that is
not flag it's meant to be up straight
New Zealand I mean it's very much like
no one no one's getting 15 out of 20 on
this are they
but let's be real by even my drug
behavior in school I would highly doubt
they get higher than 10 if you're
watching this I challenge you you
probably all watching this hello
darkness my old friend is this a flag or
not flag literally don't recognize that
tool bond is a flag that it's not flag
what did not know that was Portugal's
flag is this fraggle not flag that is a
flag and that is India did I say India I
meant Ivory Coast is this a play or not
of like I really can't be arsed account
if there's 50 flippin I don't wanna
count has officially flat 50 things I'm
saying it is a flag Oh fuck's sake Oh
Owen has 13 stripes sorry how many is
that got 14 is this a fuckin hot black
it looks like I don't want to offend any
country's ever it's like a Christmas
tree
oh no of like Oh God is flag of Lebanon
uh-oh we go ahead guys very much not
flag fuck sake Chile this is this make
me very sad this game playa not flag not
flag because it's redder I was actually
gonna say that there's symmetrical we
got the red and the white in the red but
no it's actually much bigger than that
I've never seen that for
saying it's a flag though Macedonia my
hometown there we go
Macedonia that is that's like I like
that it's like the Sun isn't it is this
flag or not flag back there's definitely
not right
same colors across three flag but flip
90 degrees sorry guys I don't know
there's probably quite a few view from
Costa Rica watch the video and it
sounded that England I'd be like no
night are you really that dumb no you
don't know the English flag ah that is
not a flag is a well these are all like
flags but they're just messing with your
name that is in the middle shake off all
my flag quizzes I thought would have
gotten prepare of this that is not flag
oh my god South Africa jog on joking
please don't I would like to visit your
beautiful country one day that is not
flag on the actual South Korean flag
only some of the black lines are
unbroken who would have known that is
messing with you is making you think
it's Jamaica see see I got that I got
that yeah yeah that is also a flag the
flag of the Seychelles you got 10 out of
20 right so we failed cause I didn't get
15 but it get out 20 50 % take that I'm
not gonna like but hey sorry if I
offended you and your flag and your
country don't take it too harshly I hope
you guys did better than me if you pay
long home but yeah I hope you enjoyed
the video and I'll see you tomorrow good
bye
