massive head mate you know that means
massive brain in it that's what my dad
told me hello
yeah beautiful sexy people using Matt's
grubby earwax headphones today no that
could be a lot worse guys are at school
do you ever do that like on the bus
score on a train school you shared
phones and someone's got ones of stick
in your ear and they're like yeah sure
here's my like really gooey earwax II
disgusting smelly head finest is that in
your ear Rankin Eck yes I think that
would be that way you thought it was a
silent one on it do we have those into
your class that's gross
okay top ten places you're not allowed
to visit this is obviously gonna be
intriguing because there's something
about not being allowed to do something
that makes you want to do it in it you
know like when someone's like you're not
allowed to do that makes you think well
I want to do that
what's the reason I'm not allowed to do
that so let's let's find out the top ten
places you're not out of it number ten
oh in the UK RAF Menwith Hill UK this UK
Air Force Base is the world's largest
electronic monitoring site if a plot is
hatched or a missile is launched they'll
hear about it here first I mean good
that we've got that safety but what kind
of use does it have number nine club 33
Disneyland California we've heard about
this place before an exclusive members
code for the VIPs in the heart of
Disneyland New Orleans square has a
decade-long waiting list to join boy
let's get on that whoa cool wait Disney
come on guys sort of more Marcus or out
what but what does this co-commentate I
bet there's like conspiracy theories on
this thing and we should look into that
okay so I'm just gonna Google what was
that called Disney secret area club 33
here we go receive premier passports
valid for Disneyland and Walt Disney
World
boy that's quite cool isn't it corporate
members pay an initiation fee of $50,000
and individual members pay $50,000 in
addition to a new energies
about 15 grand Wow
so you pay 50 grand to Joe Queen and
then 15 50 year okay there any pictures
oh yeah no VCR I'm so intrigued can we
get a free pass for that please George
it's very cool it's quite cool isn't it
but it's very exclusive is that Tom hey
I really want to go there just to be
able to tell you guys what it's like hey
that's the video shall we
but hmmm Grove California looks like an
innocent campsite from the outside but
to get inside you have to be one of the
world's most powerful people again
that's obviously me on more Markus so
waiting for my call up to that - this is
like teasing me because it's telling me
about these places but not really enough
I want to know more want to delve into
them should we make our series ok become
the next Joella and visit all these
places a Vatican secret our archive in
Vatican City actually most of the texts
can be ordered up secret just first the
papers it contains blind to the Pope but
there's no chance of you ever going
inside papers belonging to the Pope will
kind of paper's like his morning routine
or his thoughts on world poverty who
knows less how do you perhaps at Lascaux
Lascaux caves in france covered in paleo
Paleolithic cave art only handful of
hammocks scientists get to enter again
more markers have you guys not seen when
we've done galaxy drinks that scientists
Pine Gap Australia only area in
Australia design designated as
prohibited which prohibits entering no
shit does it really and overflying the
airspace up to a height of 18,000 feet
but why what is this place what I want
to know what tell me more please metro
to Moscow Russia brochure I shot that
was quite good it was that good no you
do yours
i huge large cap from russia racist
bavette mini Azabu DeMarcus ported
secret on secret underground metro
system that's cool built by Stalin for
use by Russian secret services but does
it still run though like depict can
anyone can you have too many questions
room 39 pion gang
North Korea okay allegedly a
government-controlled from for drug
dealing and smuggling Oh miss miss Gauri
Miss goody Russia rumored to be the
location of Russia's dead hand nuclear
missile site two battalions are
permanently stationed there to keep
praying eyes away it's quite scary isn't
it if that's true
area 51 our area 51's like biggest
conspiracy theories Nevada USA the
amount of like as aliens in here there's
I've heard there's like planes in there
that apparently planes in there that can
like fly triple the speed of planes that
we currently have but they are don't
release them yeah ask everyone on GTA
san andreas you go there everyone
remember oh yeah but don't you just get
shot yeah you get shots enshrined go in
there it's 5 stars
oh no six stars maybe yes that's the
most tough what did I say about this
this Air Force test site is so closely
guarded their conspiracy theories around
alien secret weapon research whatever
the truth it's number one that is an
insight into places you're not allowed
to go in the world if this video
interests you and you like me we can
make mates into a series and delve into
each of those places and like research
why your what how it's become now why
you're not allowed to go there that
might be quite a fun little video to me
let me know if you'd be interested in
that and maybe we can try met happen if
not just say fuck you Marcos and you'll
see me tomorrow with another video that
won't be anything like that all right
love you guys see tomorrow bye
