so the goats will know when I'm sat down
by the way I have a reason little short
legs but what I am bar feel body - no no
because I've got a long torso I've got
really short notes yeah we're not the
same height but you're the same height
as we sat down yeah it doesn't make
sense
I'm heavier than you so I'm sat in the
bed more oh I see
that's why everyone's heavy than me I
want really short legs you still do that
they're not loaded yet I wish she was
yeah more Marcus hello darkness smile
friend it's different interests sorry go
to my show um story time with Marcus day
we are we doing we don't go guys
every time on the Internet with each
other Facebook spaces yeah I media hold
your point yeah can you set your thing
can you just do that bit we're gonna
stand over there we're gonna go again we
looking over there you go go we're
taking a journey through time to each
others face bit state ah fuck is that
Holly what is ha ha I'm sorry why do I
use it Emo's incinerate you call us
Hollywood down Holland Jim Chapman toys
bloody Oh Oh what ahead of you what that
was your desktop why would you know
picture Noddy
I'm love nothing does that joy that was
a lot boom another one cousin that
picture leave wait look I hang but if
you gain money yeah well then oh yeah
such a game what did you do you
mannerless is that you're in school yeah
I plant my gaming channel on PlayStation
1 was asking you pairing your gaming
channel I place nice longer still there
Marcus I'm still waiting to buy more
diamond in my drive still leave my legs
episode you're about to find diamond
leaving even college Germany didn't even
get a tour starting and starting to do a
series everybody's favorite series
bright yeah
loaded their we're in different years
earning some car races Wayne play races
oh boy shut up why until guns here we go
when she say - what'd you say - you
probably didn't chat me up the chair
hello darkness smile friend
we jumped on one direction survived
some of us still do know I'm looking
like a Japanese door tweet he gets lot
of retweets I know I do it one direction
it's good that it's so depressing be
attached to Marcus in videos if you're
late
compared to mine look it's just shines
bright oh it's quite solid compared to I
thought go for the right um look
yeah in thirds bro I'm all out rice cake
look yours is a bit strong Rita day I've
been away a holiday okay no boys on the
Gummidge on the end
yeah was well fluff yeah I know but they
may I feel softer all oh yeah yeah nice
five the tiniest ones that I've got a
tiny fly p1 yes well my flocks right
over the line
that's thing that outfit you love sting
I'll just more all on floppy
for all on floppy converse with a okay
okay okay a 69 blue or 424 blue it's not
it how do you spell G why is there an X
before the said what she said I did it
will are Mabus drunk
Jesus no oh it's pink oh geez Marcus
hello 1000 subscribers now say hi back
smiley faces my long cock can't handle
how good my relationship with my bed is
that's a Rickman
I hope my one with come on give us a to
learn no pop that recent yeah my lungs
100 how good oh my god that is don't
agree now that's a necessarily
understand copy and paste later on you
I remember you in that you're like teal
and greeny blue green would ensure
outfit and you and I could vote on a
boat arrow sure sing in kiss you entire
we make we made one direction visitors
generally don't think I can comprehend
the fat dressing up the chicken this
weekend it's not about oh I was just
curious Maggie's as a former from we
went on a little like adventure oh
that's my enough oh I remember that did
you film that really good is me down oh
thanks Alfie Alfie deyes where I'm not
about this time line
happy birthday pussy boy
