heyyo beautiful sexy people has a gun in
three special items with me oh yeah they
are celebrity perfume yeah this is old
isn't it because one direction Zayn's
salon here so I mean one direction
aren't even together anymore let alone
Zayn in the band I've no idea what these
smell like I'm probably going to make
myself put on you but having this might
some of you watching this might have
these all got them at home or you know
but I feel like someone gets to a
certain level of status and they're just
like yeah let's let's do a perfume I
have always wanted to make perfume
therefore I'm going to make a perfume I
mean 1d de parfum is I'm guessing aimed
at the females that moment one direction
what all five of you in a bottle smell
like that's why I mean just so lovely
look that I'm disappointed in the size
of that compared to the box come on that
is a very excessive lid isn't it like a
crown jewel okay how do you uh how do
you don't quite put my deafness cricket
I'm not entirely sure how you do it in
all seriousness it's a very hard pull
very you gotta be pretty strength ly on
that is taking the piss isn't in the
size seriously it's the size of one of
my spectacles oh it's like don't offend
any on here like generic smell what does
it smell like oh yeah like a generic
perfume good spray so I would give that
a 7 out of 10 for the spray oh very
citrusy nice and fruity lovely elements
of lime and lemon in there no you know
what I think I would wear that if I was
a young teenage girl obsessed with one
direction I probably really weird I've
just realized sniffing out my hand like
this I would cover myself in that sense
especially we're not here to meet them
smell my fingers that's got me done you
didn't really get you need to get bit
more in there but sorry I'm like spring
yeah citrusy flowery and everything is
on their themselves oh yes the smell
yeah I reckon they are all five them
went out into the open wild chose one
element picked it randomly or take a bit
of dandy line or I'll take a bit of rose
and they're like yeah let's stick these
in a bottle guys that is going to go
into my bathroom to use as poop spray
next up we have wonderstruck oh yes by
the girl Taylor Swift a perfume sprayed
slash fat per Easter his question for
you why is all perfume in French there
probably isn't meat there probably is a
reason for it I'm not educated enough to
know the reason if any of you know
please inform me do they just think it
sounds better let's have a look what
Taylor Swift's life one stroke smaller
box similar sized bottle but I'm not
annoyed at that because I know I'm
looking at the boxing in yes small I
know I'm in for that one I was like yes
I'm gonna get loads in here oh bit
disappointed I like the design on there
nice and simple
got the purple deck or with gobbled
sparklings
lovely sort or autistic design on the
head there and I can't smell so that's
good we're gonna get this one oh that
was a bit of pre-ejaculate it's breather
oh I like that
oh yeah honestly that's nice I would
rate this I think so weird smell in my
hand hey out of them but you're not
Fanning artists oh go on
you're getting there strong Oh see ya
okay young lady slow yeah nice you walk
in a room and everyone's like yes that
is Taylor Swift I like uh impressed
thanks Taylor
you know guys saving the best til last
my main man
JB with some day because some day you
might be him his him him is on his arm
think that's his reasoning for calling
it that I say his again pretty sure he
probably wasn't wanting to came up
you never know might be creative
packaging wise may slack in your as much
easy to get into someday I'll get into
this and someday again added perfume per
spray oh there we go look at that we've
got a silver mini spray here I really
like the idea I've never seen a purse
pray I would quite like that for men not
saying it's a purse spray but something
that sighs I can stick in my pocket and
carry around because that'd be handy
although don't ever feel the need to
keep talking up my shave wants to put
mine on like there we go I'm done
someday by Justin Bieber though honestly
I don't know if this this or the
strength of Taylor Swift on my hand
right now well there's only one way to
know that
mm-hmm me I'm gonna screw you
gently that is very potent bloody hell
that you will know if you are wearing
this or just spray one over on Matt's
way that that that is really chemically
um petrol yeah
all sticks a picture window right now JB
sounds more more like this as I go um
scooter can we stick some like fuel in
there you know make it smell really good
flowers we try fail video guys more
Marcus video I'd appreciate if you stop
rotating your helicopter thank you
they're probably searching for someone
or something far less important than
this video I'm a fan of your music big
fan big fan of your music of you not a
fan of some day I'm afraid sorry that
that sits at the lowest on the App 3
Taylor you can spray this bull let's say
Taylor you can spray me any day 1d boys
if I if I bumped into you and you were
wearing that I would say look look you
smell quite good someday I would not
wear sorry really sorry but I think
you've got like seven on the perfume so
maybe I'll try those JB but yeah okay
hope you're doing this fun little random
weird video if you did give it thumbs up
you want me to try more
levity things you know whatever they've
got nail varnishes lipsticks whatever
tell me in the clients I don't see you
tomorrow man on video all right love you
guys bye
