hello you beautiful safety babe oh the
nice voice holes now today we are
playing the worst
would you rather your ever play you guys
now would you are would you rather works
you have a scenario of two options and
it's would you rather this or would you
rather that when you squeeze a forehead
pimple would you rather that a bucket of
mayonnaise comes out or that a worm
comes out when it's in a bucket of
mayonnaise is it literal mayonnaise
coming out of your spot or does it mean
like buckets of white coming out of
non-core mayonnaise I mean like
white goo coming out of your head I
would rather that then a worm 80% I've
gone with that 20% of either you want a
worm coming out of your forehead I
imagine that you it's a bit lumpy today
oh yeah really saw leave that a bit red
and there's all right guys I should
probably pop this go into the Marigny
light all right here we go
just getting closing squish now wait a
second just it's that worm in my head no
way
imagine that you're weird in the pot
would you rather he's a little bitty
piece of poop or drink the juice from
the trash can what Oh me that's hard
that is really hard I think I have to go
juice from the trash can
my theory behind that it's a bin in the
park right they get changed daily so the
worst that's in there is gonna be like
of its leftover food and maybe bags of
dog poo but there's bins for dog poo
these days in England so there wouldn't
be dog poo in there would you rather
that were your clothes smell like vomit
or that everybody around you smells like
underarms oh
so the enemy of vomit is I hate the
smell of vomit like makes me gag ah on
the plane coming up from Lithuania the
person from I'd definitely been sick on
themselves me up in Jos a Tigers game
wat some vomit every like five seconds
again Bo have
shower I literally don't know this the
thought of Iran's absolutely revolting
I'm gonna go with underarms 94% would
you rather babe
oh and diarrhea once a week or shower in
watered-down urine every day I'm going
with shower down water down urine every
day yeah atm
my theory behind that is they didn't say
you can have another shower off that so
I would shower and water down piss and
then just take a normal shower and clean
myself would you rather drink a
milkshake made out what out phlegm or
drink a milkshake man made up of fossil
phlegm bustle phlegm possible phlegm
it's gotta be pass hasn't it
I'll give us flan that that is
disgusting like this gotta be 98% 75%
what seems like seven drink phlegm the
 blam
like someone someone actually gone you
guys are wrong oh I feel sick just doing
this would you rather take a sip of the
water from MacDonald's toilet or use
your tongue to clean climb read this or
use your tongue to clean your home
toilet honesty take a sip of the water
from Donald Tyler because only 58%
apparently toilet water is cleaner than
tap water hungry would you rather eat a
hamburger that's 90% beef in 10% human
flesh
orab oh that's 100% rat me well
apparently based off of films I mean no
one I noticed on this doesn't human
tastes quite nice isn't that like a
thing that isn't that like a known thing
is only those I'm going ten percent
human flesh
Oh 65 percent agree rat me I think I
mean disease and I will get aids from
rats thirsty yeah go on give it to me
would you rather drink lemonade Laver
diarrhea here's one for you BuzzFeed how
many people we made sick from this quiz
or diarrhea flavored lemonade
it's obviously lemonade flavored
diarrhea you
serious yeah that's actually diarrhea
you're actually joking give it a
taste of lemonade oh it would taste it
or figure out ill you be it may taste
nice but it's not good for you is it
drinking your own well you know 127
hours would you rather not brush your
teeth every em thirst your life or
everyone you meet for the rest your life
of really bad garlic breath everyone
have really bad got that was the easiest
one 90% would you rather that all your
food has fingernails in it by alpha big
toe days or that all your food has hair
in it you know our hair doesn't really
faze me that much to be honest I mean
don't get me wrong if there's hair in my
food I'm not like cool up hope add some
flavor huh the amount of that's in
your toenails and fingernails
they're like mounds dirt throughout the
day doesn't it and week so you don't cut
them like a good week or so so if
someone's sat and that's it that I oh
yeah chopping MN rather than the old
hair it's just comes on and shampooed
hair obviously hair yes 64% with me on
there there we go that was actually the
most disgusting would you rather I've
ever taken part in I hope wasn't too
gross for you guys playing at home or
listening or watching at home whatever
you're doing and I hope you enjoyed this
video if you did make sure to give a big
thumbs up and I'll see tomorrow in on
video
I
