yo yo what's up beautiful sexy people
how are you doing today so we on this
channel we've done mcdonald's secret
menu two items from it we've done the
Starbucks secret menu two items for Matt
we were today breaking ground and doing
something that's never been number four
on YouTube that I'm aware of
we are doing the Nando's secret menu
with three items oh yes oh yes watch out
watch out watch out watch out I'm coming
for discs like freaking love Nando's I
probably none those at least twice a
week
I don't again as always I don't know
what is on the secret menu matters order
their show deliver are you gonna be a
little disappointed number one because
they haven't really done what I said but
it's meant to be really crispy chicken
wings uni don't think you're asking for
it really crispy chicken wings and we've
got that so here is a Nando's chicken
wing so we're down a chicken wing taste
test for those who don't know what it
tastes like little bit of crispiness
back yeah I said to them literally burn
it if you need you I want it as crispy
as possible sounds a bit sexual we made
eye contact
what how spicy is this medium so no you
didn't like it too spicy yeah yeah
really opening the rest huh after this
video is done well there we go at least
we found out what number one is on the
secret menu a crispy chicken wing next
up on the secret menu we have we have
the we have we have Hawaiian chicken
shitting melt melt man those don't
usually melted stuff I'm quite excited
for this so we don't normally do it but
they don't normally do you need to put
the ingredients together like you asked
him to do it so did you have me that's
what did that she did no actually they
actually did that yeah pineapple cheese
cheese not those usually cheese yeah
chili jam but I must be Pinal yeah yeah
I know leaking down my hand I'm quite
likes to put it in my mouth
hmm right phone grab on the world
already of that 12 out of 10 was it
called the Hawaiian Mel why change it
now and the third and final thing we
have is Perry Taylor vice chicken breast
so you only get that Saul to the kids
meal but unless you ask for it properly
on an analyst no okay it looks really
spicy a stir that is the least spices
this is what they do for children
Oh Carrie it's amazing oh it smells
amazing good for the apps as well guys
no carbs on this one I'll spit dry this
chicken breast left Lee cooking them
below it too long it's very saucy though
the really good with boats are clear
barbecue sauce on a dry chicken breast
dressing you can order chicken thighs
with this yeah I might do that next time
what's it called Perry Taylor Perry
tamer there we go guys if you want a
barbecue sauce on your Nando's go for a
Perry Taylor all right there we go guys
I hope you enjoyed this video if you
want to see more secret menu stuff let
me know what I should do and maybe I did
but yeah give the video a thumbs up I'll
see you tomorrow I
