Hey yeah nearly went hello hey beautiful
sexy people today I'm rocking this pink
jumper again got some great comments on
it from you guys so you know thought I'd
whip it on again I also I mean yeah it's
got holes in it okay the holes are very
in fashion and loads you take the piss
out of how much clothes away with holes
in them I think I need to stop buying
clothes with holes in though because if
it goes out of fashion I'm going to look
like a lot of rats of eat in my clothes
so yeah anyway back got a new haircut
although I haven't washed my hair in
like three days and the styling was
annoying me so it looks a bit funny yes
I know it like a nice gem right now just
an in-between stage you know waiting
till the next color phase but for now
quite like it anyway look what I've got
dude it it dim Kylie Jenner Earth Day
edition matte liquid lips
rogue I love blue liquid often EMAP
thought we do this today don't remember
what I'm gonna be doing nor do I get
what this is it why I mean it's
obviously lipstick stuff lipstick bit
stuff your lips what I'm saying is I
don't get the biz like these are really
popular
aren't these really hard to get we got
this of eBay I think it was like 15
pounds so money well spent because I'm
obviously news it all the time Margaret
I don't get the hype of this right
aren't and they're bit like Yeezys like
they come out once a week something and
everyone goes nuts for them but yeah
well we've got six here I guess I'm
gonna be trying them but I thought what
might be funny is to put put one on and
do like the layers on top so rather than
just go that's one there's two just
stick a load on to what happens
basically a lot of packaging oh here we
go it's her birthday edition as well
because when it's your birthday
bring out lipstick so I'm gonna do for
my birthday Oh leo
here we go pop you know I should put on
snapchat I did see her say leo somewhere
so we start with a bit of Leo cheek bit
of Lele so yeah here we go cheek bit of
Lele get on my lips leo I don't know I'm
doing so I'm using this viewfinder as oh
oh all right that was very uh very red I
feel a little bit like Miranda sings
right now no I'll give her it tastes
nice butter
amen amen it tastes good climate is song
correct Matt is it song correct oh yeah
what do you dig is it on Craig is lucky
I'll like this much look next up we've
got Kristen oh this looks like a nice
wrap all were like that rated like
you've been stabbed
gonna put some there just so you guys
can see that this is weird isn't it the
me--don't videos like this that's the
color that we're going for that's all do
a little dot on the face and then we can
uh let me give it a real kind of has
gone over the top I have forgotten why
looks like before there is a noticeable
difference though I feel mm-hmm yeah
happy of that thanks Kristen thanks for
popping by I mean I'm obviously never
gonna use this again maybe I should do
some giveaway for them I'll tell you
what does do make sure let's pill very
light dry doesn't it I'm not sure I like
that like I feel like I want to lick my
lips right now boo exposed it's the next
color we came for Kylie exposed a brown
pan that's what we're going for
this skin a little I've got poo on my
lips now not just not the expose I mean
mixed in with the darker shades of red
get real good
yeah no no oh sure I'll say the fact
that it kind of overlays the color
beneath it is very impressive
don't I look so funny putting this on
but I don't really care that's the cut
this this is looking a bit more like
normal lips now what do you think now
Matt got three on looks like one now I'm
showing them the testing color see we
show we've given a vibe for the
we are the poo color lipstick look a bit
poopy now okay we've got a hawk on the
brood
oh we look it's like a UH such a lighter
pukara so no it's not it's like a baby
baby pink
let's give us let's give it a go you
know if I went out in the street I feel
like you would not look at I mean you
don't mix it with my face but I think
you would notice I'm wearing lip stuff
next we've got DOS okay dosey doe doe
ckk yeah that yeah this is now gonna
turn a really rank color I feel I think
I just good IT boom on lips up on the
bottom lip is really satisfying like
sitting there going mean out of my lips
felt a bit like dry earlier yeah now
they're really dry and looking a really
funny colour I think my favourites that
red though you know and then the last
one we've got is Kandy K a I'm not gonna
lie they all look very similar don't
they but aren't these really good
because like it if you kissing someone
or like you're drinking and they don't
really come off
I'm impressed I'm tapping my lips and
there's nothing that's coming on my
hands it was gonna be really hot girls
got like eight days on them that one
also tastes a bit chocolatey so yeah
kind of matching with my jump now on I
don't think I'd go out like this
I'm gonna lie you can might get some
interesting looks that is the Kylie
Jenner lip testing challenge how many of
these has she got but it should I do
more that is the look that we're going
for
I hope you have enjoyed today's video if
you have make sure to give a big thumbs
up and I'll see you tomorrow movin up on
alright let me go
