hello how's it going beautiful sexy
Peepaw today we're doing a video that we
haven't ever done before we are going to
be looking into some conspiracy theories
oh no not the Illuminati although we may
touch on this at some point if it's
popular request today we're looking into
conspiracy theories surrounding
McDonald's oh we're starting of chips 10
shocking facts about McDonald's actually
isn't something like the sizing I
remember something like the site then
doing but they used to be like the
sizing thing and there was no difference
between like small medium and large or
something it was just the shapes of the
cups in 2012 McDonald's stopped using
beef filler in their us patties what's
beef filler is beef filler like oh hey
we don't want to use real cows so we're
just going to throw in some stuff that
makes it look like we've used real cows
because I was just thinking Madonna's
always on the side of I'm amused to see
that trucks and on the side it'd be like
now made with 100% real beef if you now
are made of that what the fuck you been
doing for the last 50 years
made by washing unwanted meat in Amman
Amman ammonium hydroxide it resembled
pink slime a muck job is the is in the
dictionary has a low paid job with a few
prospects a work on minimum wage would
need to work or do quite handsome with
ownerships just watching this 1.2
million hours to an $8 75 million paid
annually to the CEO Jim Skinner absolute
baller
I mean a year's CEO of one of the
biggest companies in the world and his
job versus a month job I'd probably say
it's slight slightly different in the
decisions that he has to make versus
what these guys do still later yeah it's
a lot of it there's a lot of hours isn't
it what Donald's hats they're not gonna
lie
between 1995 and 2000 almost all top
prize in them at Donald's monopoly promo
with one fraudulently oh my god do you
remember the McDonald's Monopoly fan
this year's really
free night yeah what was it used to it
was on the back of a trip every item on
chips you peel it on drink yeah Oh
conscious spill the spilled beans on
this thirteen million dollars in prizes
were given to employees of the company
running the promo oh cool this would be
like me doing a giveaway and being like
hey guys I'm doing this massive giveaway
fancy a laptop fancy a phone and then me
winning all of the stuff Americans eat
five billion pounds of McDonald's beef a
year well amounted to 5.5 million cows
this is a total number of cattle in
England so Americans consume the whole
of England's cows in one year England
has five and a half million cows that is
a shit lot of cows like I mean you see
cows every net you know drive another oh
there's some cows aren't they nice oh oh
hey look there's some cows in a farm
five and a half million that means for
every every six people there's there's
one cow freshly ground hook steadily
bits up 30 rebounds by spilling with
Donald's coffee in her lap her medical
bills cost ten thousand dollars but
McDonald's only offered $800 but one
over she won over half a million in
court battle Wow wait but she spilled
coffee on herself and it burned her
because if that's the case don't spill
coffee on yourself but Donald serve
sixty eight million people a day which
is almost 1% the world population
oh my god - basically everyone in the
whole of the United Kingdom more eat
McDonald's every day they sell 75-pound
bags a second that is mental hamburger
75 150 - I'm definitely not like Wiggum
at first dry for your open serve US
soldiers not allowed out of vehicles in
uniform it's that a thing us old is not
allowed out vehicle that's a nice
thoughtful idea though by McDonald's the
golden arches are more reliable than the
Christian cross that's amazing that a
company has been around for 100 years is
like
religion yeah we're more popular than
that 88% of people could identify the
arches versus 54% for the cross
that means McDonald's is the new
religion Guantanamo Bay has its own
Donald's the first and only one in Cuba
inmates who cooperate allegedly giving
big mats and fries ooh lucky you guys in
the 1960s the logo was going to be
changed design consultant Louie Chesky
and persuaded them not to as the golden
arches subconsciously reminded customers
of large breasts I'm looking at a pair
of large breasts now what I'm running
timid on outside
I don't see that I mean that bit there
in the where the M crosses for the
cleavage top of the cleavage is that
where they're going with it like what
the fuck so their thoughts were yes
let's make our logo like boobs and
people buy our food people want to eat
boobs yeah ten is more like ten shocking
back to McDonald's not really conspiracy
theories maybe we'll delve in some
conspiracy theories who knows you guys
enjoyed the video if you did make sure
to give a big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video goodbye
buh buh buh buh bye
