hello beautiful sexy people how's it
going
we're staying downstairs because I enjoy
being downstairs it's nice to film
downstairs there's more space downstairs
in my abode so you have guessed by title
we can jump straight into it today I'm
trying Starbucks secret menu items I
didn't really do it as a thing that all
of these big chains have secret menus
over there's so many that we can try as
well so I'm so excited for that and
we're only touching base with some of
them so I've got two drinks here I don't
know what they are I'll be going to find
out what they are first up we have got a
normal Starbucks drink just a big old
big old is this a venti and 70 tall tall
is the smallest Oh which is a bit weird
isn't it when they're like when they
when Starbucks without thinking I'll you
know we're going to create the names
that I we call it tools so already throw
people off it's too Grande venti and if
you're an America print a or treinta
that's the trencher is like L so
yeah Matt what is in secret Starbucks
number one that is a green eye so
basically it's very very simple
Caffe americano with free extra shots of
espresso so there's already free shots
cafe mocha there's six shots of coffee
in this I think so yeah
no didn't he say seven he said like
seven he said seven all right this is
venti so I know this because in a grande
it's seven because in a grande Americana
you get three shots of coffee I don't
know I think you get five in two in a
big one do it five plus three extra so 8
shots coffee but I mean there's not much
it's just a black coffee essentially
then with a shitload of coffee
it smells the smell hurts my nose and I
like coffee I like my coffee and I like
strong coffee and I drink my coffee
black also just realized green eye isn't
it yes green eye green eye so okay here
we go let's try the green eye I'm
excited to be nice hon smell is so
strong if you could smell how strong
this was it's like it's sniffing it out
 Ellen's coffee Wow
oh my god it's like pure of coffee I
like it no I can see me seeing this all
that would be interesting having that if
I actually had that to see what I was
like I think you'd have saved Ospital
come on another sip it's the aftertaste
I mean I like black coffee like so I
like black strong coffee that is like
another level though that's intense
don't try oh it's the hot like even nap
oh yeah yeah is it our today's the -
here it is it's dripping because it's
ice-cold is it meant to be I don't smell
it look like this okay so yeah okay hit
me
liquid cocaine which is liquid cocaine
four shots of espresso four pumps of
white chocolate syrup ice to fill it up
and a grande cup and then though it's
essentially white chocolate coffee they
were very very confused from the house
for it and she said well I guess you
take this up a mocker of any other guy
look like she wants to kill himself
okay I mean I'll try it
obviously I'm not sure if I'm gonna be a
fan of this one because I don't I don't
have milk with my coffee either so milk
is for pussies sorry guys it's the
coffee it make me do weird things should
I give it a little mix around or drink
from the bar that is just pure white
that is that in white cocaine isn't it
did they come up with that name but they
like my guys like what do you reckon
calling our drink liquid cocaine
I think someone's basically it's got too
much time in the hands made up all of
these recipes
well Starbucks Cheers I'm what I'm
nervous to taste this just stood from
the nose oh I didn't even mean that cuz
of coke it I literally didn't even think
of it like that
yeah oh my god is so syrupy in my mouth
I mean that tastes amazing cuz it's so
sweet oh it's strong isn't it
let's sear upon a play cool that was I
would like I mean I wouldn't because you
guys know I'm into my healthy eating but
that could easily be drunk in about five
minutes
well yeah that rounds up another tasting
video from a secret menu you guys know
if you want more give the video a thumbs
up let me know what I should do if
there's anything that you know that
secret that we should try that then let
me know about yeah I hope you enjoyed it
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video all right love you guys bye
