hey beautiful sexy people welcome to the
kitchen welcome to the deep frying a lot
of wealth welcome to define Shack my
name is Marcus
I am your deep frying host cook clownish
your food taster today we are doing
McDonald's breakfast foods with
defragment donut before have we
yeah twice yeah so we've actually done
it twice because one time we did it in
the files corrupt so that was fantastic
so he did it a few months later and
today we're doing breakfast foods nice
and greasy on the bag though we've got I
say it's a classic I did you know to be
completely honest your honesty in laughs
I have never had this in my life like
one is it this is a sausage and egg
never had it as a nevermind I promise
you never is that oh my god yes why have
you never had that what do you normally
happen you know McDonald break first
never had a McDonald's breakfast Oh gets
out no I don't believe it you're like
why would I lie about that I promise you
I've never had one promise you say
what's a egg McMuffin so my first one
I'm gonna have is deep fried on bit
wired values to be honest because
there's a lot of layers
that's fine it's not the Big Mac no it's
definitely not fine I can feel it's
already loose it's not gonna stay
together on what look please stay
together but this is where your years of
experience deep frying things it's very
eggy a bit nervous about this a bit
worried about this you ready I guess put
it in the basket first a little over
asking it's stuck would you mind putting
an end of the box in there all right
here we go
ready oh
told me to fix it
you always panic City over here to be
honest we might just save that say we I
with my years of experience why are your
expectations for this you've never had
one about one honestly that's what was
your childhood healthier say
minesweeping barkings fine but
McDonald's breakfast you draw the line
honestly you know I didn't have it
because like when I used to go it meets
whatever they like they don't have any
Airport I I didn't used to like eggs
wait but you don't like the yolk now do
you not really oh never you so I just
never like wait so you never had come
I'll be able to come out sitting to
panic from you is very probably the
worst one was the electric it was that
out was almost dangerous oh this feels a
bit dangerous
this sense what was the best experience
it tells you that although it's now
gonna be a bit hard of her very happy
I don't know how I'm gonna marry okay
he's a big ol boy that one freshly made
to order b/w wrap bacon wrap does that
mean bacon wrap yeah breakfast wrap
breakfast wrap oh oh hello oh it's like
a bit of alright how are we gonna do
this
that's don't go enough bit ketchup in
there as well and you can ya be fine
it's fine because the the wrap will soak
up the stuff put it in its home water
fitness on him why it's very all over
the shop oh you've done well there and
it's floating that was the hardest thing
we put in very hard
Ohio Fried Chicken where I'm from
I think we might retire from these
videos to have like a season break you
know like a year season right would you
think F so you haven't had any of these
products up you okay so it's not even
worth saying expectations is it careful
all this looks absolutely oh hi it's big
that's a big old moon how many calories
check-ins in the 3000 do you wish at
McDonald's had like a deep-fried menu as
well I don't think anything like in
normal restaurants is up there could I
have the pizza deep-fried big big is
about four yards dripping drip see you
wait to start the day the funny thing is
it's like half nothing but this is your
breakfast sausage egg and cheese as a
debate the babies are good they are very
very good that cheese that's fresh come
on the final thing that I never have to
do this videos against is bit tricky not
really I do you think your next book
should be a recipe book for deep fried
food you ready no it's good it doesn't
it very evenly coated though Kevin ready
in we go how are the free things what do
you think would taste the best look at
the size of these
they are big also making a lot of loud
noises yeah it's a bit loud louder then
I feel like we've never been before
okay it's a bit aggressive it's pity
that's a worry when it you lift that up
and it's still making the noises in
there oh it looks good oh they are very
big who is ready to chop up some
McDonald's but still very warm this is
the rat oh very hard to cut through Oh
Oh what is that
it's nice McMuffin oh that's good from
the bagel this is just one ounce it's
very up oh can you see that oil
squidging a landfill oh is it just
pretend it's butter
that is so oily I think it should be
thumbs up if you want knees as your
school dinners school lunches whoo Jamie
Oliver would love that right we're ready
to try these I am not that excited if
I'm honest they just it just looked a
bit sad like look at that ready
so this is the wrap breakfast wrap
actually let's back down a lot to be
honest I would list about them can you
still taste the ketchup mm-hmm no that's
quite good no more things that's quite
good why opinion right we got the
breakfast muffin and somehow stayed
together like that which is interesting
doing after two hours just top to be
honest what every need of it do I
big ol bite them very good
I understand my people like this amazing
oh the breakfast Muppet oh and it is a
manger or do this it's life-changing for
you
Oh Ramon you know if I'm completely
honest we're onto the one not looking
forward to that just looks like heart
disease very cheesy so what is this it's
a breakfast bagel yeah yeah
I think it's got bacon cheese the cheese
is like triple boil just taste the water
as well the word is overpowering the
taste for which that rounds up on
McDonald's breakfast deep fried session
I hope you guys enjoyed the video if you
did make sure to give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you are new and we will see
you tomorrow with another video goodbye
