hello you're beautiful Thanks Pippo
let's jump straight into today's video
can you tell if these celebrity tweets
are real or am I just fucking with you
Oprah Winfrey kale question mark
real fake why would I fake that though
what's there to all Ko unless there's
some kind of enjoy with Oprah Winfrey
and care that I'm not aware about I made
it up Oprah probably loves kale 57 I
can't believe my grandmother's making me
take out the garbage
I'm rich fuck this I'm going home I
don't need this shit 370 thousand
retweets apparently you know what
because of spelling and say I'm saying
that's real Oh swell I love that
analysis for me you're cool Spelling's
do home tones roof what a baller want
absolute lad dude even if you're rich
you still want to take your garbage out
unless you're that rich you have someone
do it for you actually Donald Trump
everyone knows I am right that Robert
Pattinson should dump Kristin sure in a
couple of years he will thank me be
smart Robert fake that's actually of
course Donald fucking Trump isn't it Tom
Cruise someone sent me a photo of a menu
that serves mission impossible very
funny
that's fake I can't imagine Tom Cruise
getting that text and going what a joker
you are author Stuart do you think I am
hip real yeah I don't know much about
mom's shirt where I've seen her the most
is on the Justin Bieber roast on Comedy
Central and she got roasted on that tiny
West remember Microsoft Encarta question
mark that's real it's fake that's such a
con you tweet I do remember Mike some do
remember Mike something Clark probably
some of you do probably most you don't
Microsoft Encarta was the flip in wasn't
it like a cd-rom and he shoved it in
your computer and it's kind of like a
Wikipedia but all on a cd-rom that's
what my memories of it Britney Spears
does anyone think global warming is a
good thing I love Lady gaga I think
she's a really interesting on what they
called be real
what what why is the context in that is
that like throwing major shade at Lady
gaga
Bill Gates everyone knows my favorite
part of any house are the windows ha ha
I'm gonna say real because Bill Gates is
a bit of a geek is I mean a very cool
very rich geek and that is a very like
you type out and then you can imagine
going like hmm oh it's fake well bill
maybe you're a lot cooler than I thought
you were very inspiring man Christie
alley I don't know that is but she's
Skrillex Dada wink face I'm saying real
Russell Crowe
I love maps real is that is real he
really does love maps Katy Perry you
only squad I want to be in is the
cheerleading one from bring it on let's
go Toros legendary film let's go Toros
real Oh Katy Lindsay Lohan hello
Facebook yes this is actually Lindsay
welcome to my facebook page real yeah I
follow things going on snapchat every
day not as interesting as I hope she
just likes to post selfies Guy Fieri Hey
real it's true hashtag DreamWorks trolls
is dedicated to all of the people out
there with an egg for a profile pic I
can tell it's fake because on my screen
I can see that the hashtags being copied
on is yeah look mom okay boys what's
your bull size
Nicki Minaj is that then I mean I know
like penis sizes is more of a thing bull
size how did you measure that and how
many fingers you can wrap around or like
real Nicki Minaj imaginer my Ray Cyrus
all over for xmas is a bong shaped like
two bunnies kissing someone Etsy that
shit ASAP
it's really great Miley she's very
specific so be easy for the parents real
I was fake that was obviously face hell
as it was it cher I was looking at
tweets and saw that I really hurt
someone's feelings I'm sorry
it was like blue background with white
egg shape by definitely real
yeah really like that's a tweet that
share with sin probably
how much are singing that Justin Bieber
what the fuck anything can be a salad if
you dream it don't understand that
metaphor because I was a healthy good
for you that's a bit of a long shot so
obvious not oh yeah that's obvious
where is he already talked about the
dressings you can dress a salad with
anything Wow
we go the fake yeah it's very good you
got 11 out of 18 right so close you did
a pretty great job spotting the face but
you weren't 100% thanks for clearing
that up BuzzFeed but yeah hopefully you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to give a big thumbs up I'll see
you tomorrow moving on video all right
love you guys bye
