hello you're beautiful sexy people hi
yes my my jump has got holes in it yes
it is meant to have holes in it I know
when I wear holey clothes lots you like
oh my purse your tops got a hole in it
ha ha oh I like holes in clothes so I
like the look that I can't afford new
clothes that's the look I'm going for
anyway today I thought what we do is
read through my wikipedia yeah I
remember the day I found out I had a
Wikipedia page I don't know how found it
like the first my goo doesn't know that
I was just like oh wow life I've made a
good Wikipedia page because I remember I
always used to want one and I was like
growing you to us I oh I need a
Wikipedia page we show called have a
Wikipedia page and the thought I'm only
feeding our guess is it kind of is
called thing that but also really weird
so the first thing I notice is that
picture which is very old now Marcus
Butler at VidCon in 2014 I'm different
can we get can we can we maybe use this
right I'm gonna gonna pause for the bit
actually I'm doing them the best clothes
right now lies we're gonna we're gonna
pause and we're gonna do a new picture
for Wikipedia ok don't do that wait
this um yeah ah one of them cuz how does
Wikipedia work isn't it like anyone can
change it but it has to be like signed
off by someone or something - Lloyd
Butler born 18th December 1981 is an
English YouTube vlogger let's see let's
see YouTube blogger is a bit youtubers
sometimes referred to as YouTube
personalities or YouTube celebrities are
a class of internet celebrity who gain
popularity from their videos on the
video-sharing website YouTube hey he's a
youtuber and it's got his like total
views subscribers where is that a mine a
YouTube information years active 2010 to
present
good thanks which as of June 2016 has
more than 4.5 million subscribers his
second channel more markets which
consists mostly of vlogs has over 1.8
million subscribers I'd like to change
that because my second channel doesn't
consist mostly of vlogs it used are used
to be a daily vlogger but my second
channel now is everyday content fun
whatever I want to make that day Marcus
Butler started on YouTube creating music
and video mixes and edited sports
footage while in college that is correct
in 2010 he created his YouTube channel
Marcus Butler TV at via request this is
also correct Butler has done a number of
collaborations with other youtubers
including Jim Chapman Alfie deyes Caspar
Lee Tyler Oakley Jo Seok zoella Connor
Franta Lily sign sing sign sign I still
announce a looser name sorry I'm really
interested Wow
what look how big hers is Lily you
killing it girl she's got her height on
there I mean can we get my height on
there I'm 187 sent me to six foot once
maybe six foot one and a half residence
stick my dress on there why not I live
in London
oh look at that she's a youtuber actress
author hey we can we can put author
online motivational speaker I do talks
to lots of brands around the world I go
around and do talks in front of brands
front of agencies rapper hello that is
my that is my occupation rapper for me
should be first
she's got website I'm jealous I even got
a play button section what what does
that mean show ah that's cool that is
cool back to boring but he's part of the
YouTube boyband that raise money for
client relief and was featured in The
Guardian Oh guys did I ever tell you I
was featured in The Guardian in 2013 but
there was a member of the fart club fuck
is the for Club what
fart club does it's not thing I think
someone's having a laugh their YouTube
channel and holds that there's not a
member of the fart club YouTube channel
its member of the Guinness World Records
YouTube channel and holds the world
record for most farts 9/32 in a team of
three how is that in there that is not
true
there's bangles also sorry just to
clarify I have nine Guinness World
Records I'm actually that talented now I
have nine records worldwide for Guinness
World Records titles it's just saying
I've got all the certificates if you
want proof bottlers Bert hello life
which is part orto biography and pot
self-help book was published on 20 2015
in the UK and in the US on 10 November
2015 what I have taken abyss guys but
the book was number one bestseller
because of you guys who bought the book
so if you bought the book if you have
the book thank you I love you as of
December 2015
Butler's main YouTube channels over
forming subscribers in two hundred
ninety million video views but I was
mentioned by The Telegraph I find really
funny when they just caught me by saying
Butler was mentioned by Telegraph as one
of Britain's most influential tweeters
in 2013 but along with alfie deyes
briefly featured on the first episode of
the thirteenth series of ant and DEC's
Saturday night takeaway as demonstrates
off that ant versus death deck task
I love how that's their like we were in
it for the whole series but featured
through it just talks about the first
episode when we had like a much bigger
section in like the third or fourth
episode it's fine is dated isn't it but
there is currently a contestant in the
2016 celebrity edition of Celebrity
MasterChef he soon was eliminated
Oh darkness mile friend thanks guys
mine's very like factual like one like
Bam Bam Bam feel like we could add some
descript
he cooked a fantastic meal for the first
round second round had some troubles in
the kitchen messed up his brownie but
still put on a fabulous show how about
that we sit that in there we've got
music section look at that
Butler was part of YouTube boyband the
group created to raise awareness and to
meet people half off also involved Jim
drove over and they raise money and
awareness primarily on 22nd January 2016
Butler released a song with Conor
Maynard called I'm famous it entered the
UK Singles Chart on 25 January 2016 at
number 85 this is what probably annoys
me the most to be completely honest with
you because that's wrong but I mean that
is very cool I've got this singles thing
here peak chart position wasn't 85 guys
wasn't in the official charts
I think it was 35 34 or 35 in the
official Official Charts Wikipedia you
can search that you can see that on the
official charts you know download it was
insane download in the UK on the iTunes
shop we've got to like number nine in
the UK no number 11 in the UK number 99
number three in Estonia which is insane
but I would quite like to you know
peaked opposition also there's no
mention of the first rap I'm a rapper
that child up 46 didn't you know didn't
quite make top 40 but you know who else
let's have a look at Shane Dawson bloody
hell is top dog isn't he 16 million
subscribers yeah that's combined 3
billion views guys and I'm just saying I
don't have any of this but let's see Zoe
may be that American eh maybe Sarah
merican youtubers oh no Zoe has yeah oh
yeah she's got yeah cool she does so
okay so is she healthy let's have a look
at you me oh yeah Alfie also has got the
play buttons and he's got all his views
yeah I'm being thrown under a bus here
yeah I think there's some things that
can be changed on there things that can
be updated and definitely more content
to be held on there I don't know who's
in charge of that I don't know if
someone at Wikipedia is like now we're
not going to give you the play button
section we don't want to talk anymore
about you or I don't know and I hope you
guys have enjoyed this video you have me
just get a thumbs up I'll see you
tomorrow moving on one
bye
