hello you beautiful sexy people so
today's video I used to make a lot of
rants on my main channel and then I
think I just became a lot more of a
chilled person in life but I'm a very
chilled person if you know me in real
life you'll know that I'm one of the
most chilled people something happened
today and I was like oh I wanna I wanna
have a little rant about that I want to
start a series on here called like
moaning marker so if something's pissed
me off can just come here and be like yo
sit down and chat about it and just vent
vent ventilate then about it I literally
got back from Italy
today I was watching a fashion show net
today I flew very early this morning I
had to I left hotel at 4:30 a.m. to
Venice Airport had a flight from Venice
Airport to London literally came home
showered and a thermal video you know
when you're flying yeah you get you're
flying on a plane you get you're gay you
walk to the gate and you wait at the
gate until you board the plane what I
don't understand is when people get to
the gate and decide to form a queue
standing up right by where you board
board like go through the gate I don't
get this for many reasons the first
reason is why would you want to stand
there in a line waiting for half-hour to
an hour
when you have a dedicated seat like most
flights now you have a set see yes there
are a couple of exceptions this
companies like easyJet or flights that
you don't have a set see on I kind of
understand that
when you've got your set seat though why
do you want to stand in line with lots
of hot sweaty people waiting to get on
the plane where you have your set seat I
just don't understand the logic in this
I just want to like go up these people
now look do you do realize your seat is
not gonna go anywhere but if you want if
you want to sit down here and relax a
little bit you can and then when the
lines not there you can leave that seat
and then get on the plane nicely so I
was sat there it's like lit should I sit
down and if you've got me on snapchat
you'd have seen this and I was like snap
chatting away talking about the people
in the line I Silas is just funny guy
why do people do mine my dad is like
well keen for this as well and people I
think people get a bit scared and like
all one might might miss the flight or
they might
they won't shut the gate you're not
going to miss your flight if you're in
if you're in the area that's fine
you've got your seat all right that's
the first thing that's not even the main
thing I want to talk about that was just
like part of this moaning video I get on
the plane and I was very lucky that the
brand that I went out to watch fashion
show with they flew me out business so I
had the privilege of sitting and
illiterate my seat was number one so I
don't know ever sat like front row of
this plane it's not business like a
long-haul flight where you get a bed and
stuff of that it was just kind of you
have a little bit more room and you're
at the front of the plane business but I
felt like a massive baller because I was
in row 1 I was like yeah look at me see
I'm sat there everyone's boarding the
plane and I hadn't I was this to my
music and I was falling asleep I then
got woke up by some kind of argument I
could hear like through my headphones I
was like oh like raise my hat and took
my headphones out I'll have a little
listen hear what's going on there was a
Japanese family they were the last
people to board the plane there was two
women and one guy and I kind of joined
mid-conversation or joined like I was
sat right at the front so they were like
1 meter in front of me I was like you
know there's an argument going on got to
have a listen haven't I take headphone
out basically the situation was maybe
because they were the last people in the
plane you know sometimes you have your
hand luggage and this is annoying when
this happens you got your hand luggage
and you go to the plane they're like hi
sorry yeah we're actually gonna have to
place your hand luggage in the hold the
suitcases sorry but you know and you
don't really have an option of that that
happened with this family this woman had
this huge bag like her hat I don't know
how it passed as Hamburg's in the first
place it was massive inside she had like
four other bags inside it this bag the
lovely air hostess was saying to a man
hi your bag has been tagged to go in the
whole door so when she walked through
someone had obviously gone all that's
either too big or there's not enough
room it has to go and the bottom of the
plane this woman literally not having
any of it
bless her there was a sort of a language
barrier like none of them really spoke
English they spoke a little bit so it
was like I felt so awkward
listening to this conversation because
the woman was trying to do her job on
the plane and say sorry this bag needs
to go down here
she must have said it 15 times to this
woman 15 times and swimmer's I know not
not happening and then the three of them
tried to walk down the plane she stood
in front of the aisle to like stop them
going through the plane and I was like
oh this is getting really awkward voices
are being raised here what's gonna
happen then the SS was like I'm gonna
have to speak to the captain because
they just would not listen at first
joshie thought she was trying to say she
thought that she the bag was too big so
she started undoing the bag and taking
her other bags out and she said she
managed to say it's in English kind of
and she said I will hand these bags out
to random people on the plane so then I
don't have my bag isn't too big and this
woman was like look I don't have a say
in this
I can see that your bag has been tagged
to go underneath the plane it's being
scanned that's the process that's what
has to happen I'm sorry like that is
just what has happened this woman's like
nah no not happening
the Japanese man starts prodding her
like literally pulling her this one was
like please don't touch me please don't
touch me still tapping away eyes
tapping away she had to off another eros
test to block the walkway well if she
went forward to go speak to the captain
so she had to get the captain involved
the guy's manner you know probably
relaxing in or got fly couple hundred
people home today go go and get him
involved the captain comes out has a
look at that situation he's like yeah
sorry guys the bag has to go underneath
also there was someone standing you know
like in a fluorescent jacket so I'm
standing next them as well waiting to
take the bag from her just put on the
bottom of the plane so that's happening
you're gonna lose anything whoo woman
was even like if you want your laptop
out if you on this out you can take out
that's fine this honestly had gone for
about 10 maybe 15 minutes at this point
and you could see everyone around the
plane like could like was listening in
everyone signs get annoyed
everyone's like come on like you make my
slate the MSS was even like guys you are
now delaying the flight we may miss our
like slot time because of this situation
there who says he was still trying to
control situation said to man she's like
can you please take your seat because he
kind of wasn't that involved she's like
yeah can you take your seat she must say
can you take a seat 15 times this guy
wasn't moving
standing there and then she's like
trying to take the bag and there's a bit
of like tugging like this going on then
to my right there was like an Italian
guy flying
he stood up walked over tap the Japanese
man and shoulder he's like excuse me
excuse me can you get your family to
stop arguing because you're making us
late and we're going to miss our
connecting flight so I was like I was
getting really really awkward now really
awkward SS was like yeah yeah listen to
this man you are now making the plane
light the Japanese man thought that this
guy had said give me your bags and I'll
take your bags and put them in my
overhead storage since Japanese
pan-starrs like taking the bag and like
truly give it to this Italian man tally
man was like not not like what are you
doing
and then the person or essent jacket
took the bag off of them I was like this
has they were also Italian I'm doing a
really bad accent
but they were ways that this has to go
underneath otherwise you're gonna have
to get off the plane this woman still
was not having any of it not having any
of it it's a bag love it's gonna be all
right you're pissing everyone on the
whole plane off now the whole plane she
pissed me I'm just talking about that
the situation ended of course when they
got when they got told that they gonna
have to get off the plane she was like
okay I'll give you the Berg then she
wasn't it she wasn't Italian she was
Japanese and then they had to do the
walk of shame because they were sat
right back the plane so they're to walk
down the plane passed every angry person
who's been waiting for them to sort
their little situation out so that was
my moment really it didn't really annoy
me I found it quite entertaining I felt
more awkward because I was like front
row involve in this argument we're going
to take saying away from this video
don't be a dickhead
on a plane that's the lesson that we've
learned today just thought I'd share
with you if you are interested in more
marcus moans and random ranting stories
like this let me know give the video a
thumbs up and i'll see you tomorrow with
a less Randy video all right love you
guys bye
