he lo beautiful sexy people on your
desktop today I like yellow anyway today
we're gonna be finding out am I more
like Joe sugg or are you more like Zoe
sugg a battle of the Suggs sibling Suggs
all right Elodie says about of the soak
so I thought I was funny in saying that
and so yeah let's go and we're more like
Joe might say haha city or suburb oh I
wonder who this one's leaning towards
mmm I'm going city black and white or
colorful well based on my parents right
now white black black gray socks I've
said this before but 90% of my wardrobe
is literally black white and gray and
out that 90%
I think 75% is black right now you'd
rather be in bed at the beach at a club
at the mall
oh let's see in bed I'm guessing that
Zoe at the beach I'm guessing that's joe
at a club
I'm guessing it's Joe you little party
animal Joe at the mall Zoe right now
where are we right now to be completely
honest bed which is rare for me but
being a being emotional day for me today
ups and downs
my salad that I had at lunch
they thought had the chicken in it I
might want to go home I realized there
was no chicken so for me that's an
emotional day as well being Yugi was
about completely taking the pits I'm not
I'm I mean that that story about the
chicken was true Oh
choose a lush bath bomb Joe have bath
bombs based on those I'm going mop pure
multicolored because when I get out the
bar I want to look like a six year old
is drawn on me
baseball cap or beanie I'm a baseball
cap kind of person not sure
Zoey wears baseball caps cartoon or
reality shows this is so his most
obvious because of it on and so I'm just
having fun with it neither let's see
what reality shows they put there I
haven't obviously seen the voice of
scene x-factor other than that haven't
seen any of them don't you'll find me
going all gonna stick on the kids TV
today cookies or donuts you know I've
just come to realization I don't really
like donuts is that offensive but the
old workers I do know but old school
Marcus didn't I doughnuts Krispy Kreme
it doesn't do it for me the only
doughnut only donut actually that I used
to absolutely demolish was jus stap
truffles bakery now maybe it's just
Sussex they're truffles right they did
this caramel doughnuts as normal donut
had caramel icing on top and in the
middle dying off-screen and in the
middle was oozing caramel like liquid me
and Max used to go and get them every
weekend we just get McCoy chips crisps
remember McCoy crisps honesty we used to
scoop the caramel on the solving and
mccoys Chris Frank isn't it yeah it's
just really salty then salt vinegar Oh
we'll get salted caramel makes sense not
the minions oh yeah client does before
the times there anyway going cookies
Twitter or Instagram may I even I post a
lot less I probably say instagramers
Instagram so like oh look at me look at
my life
you'd rather collab with Miranda sings
Tyler Tyler Casper done because I hate
them honestly my favorite person on that
list except I haven't climbed with
Miranda is Tyler
oh you
got more like zoe sugg just like Zoe you
love your pets cooking and everything
about the holiday season your close
friends and family mean a lot to you and
you prefer to spend your Friday nights
cut it up in bed don't think that's true
about me be honest I'm quite surprised I
got more like Zoe I thought I would have
had got a lot more like Jo but hey ho
BuzzFeed clearly knows me very well I
hope you've enjoyed this video sorry for
my right I don't want a random mood
sorry for it and I will see you tomorrow
even on video okay bye 31 waving goodbye
the laptop I'm just gonna get em now but
