yeah what is up your beautiful fakes of
people I'm not really looking forward to
this video to be completely honest oh I
can see some stuff from oh my how many
bug good so fast food all these paces
have secret menus right McDonald's has a
secret menu we thought we'd try some of
the secret McDonald's menu stuff I'm
gonna try it
basically I haven't seen I don't even
know what's in it serve me
let's see I'll never I'll get to you the
land sea and air Bogart though you've
got one two there fish on the chicken
sandwich and one Big Mac in one burger
do you work at McDonald's how am I do
that like my mouth does not stretch
don't want to go near the fish it's got
the tartar sauce seasoned as well cheese
and fish yes okay so this is the land
sea and air
Oh chicken yeah why sweet except
chickens fly yeah that is the biggest
burger so we're gonna squish it down
I don't want to do this I don't want to
eat the fish you can't be a hot plate
yeah yeah gonna have to do it in like
maybe I can remove that bit of bread
you're a goner
government well sure it's not authentic
them but I'll do authentic any angle I
go I'm getting fish where my mouth
you gotta be finish yeah you know what
that wasn't actually as bad as I thought
was gonna be it's not bad McDonald's
doesn't taste bad i you guys know i
don't really eat my Donald's I haven't
eaten McDonald in about three years
since of my healthy transformation you
GMO dog burger tastes really good on its
own back together I'm not sure about the
fit I think the fish just like
overpowers everything else I've never
had the McDonald's fish bugsy but I'm
just not a fan of that sweat patches
come on boy is the monster Mac oh
there's needs beef patties in there that
is the size of my face and I've got a
big face is this is this just like for
Big Macs essentially I guess yeah both
Apple buns they just stick it all in no
one eats that no one goes
mate Bob do you fancy a fancy a couple
monster max yeah all right well I'll be
drunk it'll actually you back in the day
to buy butter
I wouldn't demolish that I think they've
added one too many bags as well
it's a nine bags one two three four five
six seven eight note is a oh is it yeah
you're you're you got three you got
triple triple double else a hexagon
you've got hex a good burger good know
what is a hectic and six Optio octagon
you got the big ox that to me is an
Olympic meal not not for training
purposes in terms of eating that I can't
that's bigger than the last one I'm
gonna have to go in the middle one just
like you bring it bit Brent
but yeah
ready guys who yet goodbye all right you
know what guys
I enjoyed that did you enjoy that what's
not to like about it yeah that was that
was good if I what's it called the
monster burger
what monster Mack if I am hungry I'm
gonna have a cheat day I'm gonna order a
monster Mac that was that was tasty
containers cold as well so I'm happy
with that
first one literally not a fan up in the
slide test that's also because the fish
bugs just made me feel a little bit
funny
that monster Mac though flipping out I'm
gonna finish that now I'm not that's a
lie I'm like you're not gonna do that
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video it's the first secret menu stuff
we've done so I want to kind of do more
stuff like this cuz I think it's fun and
interesting for you guys as well so if
you want if you want to see more give a
thumbs up and let me know what I should
try and yeah I will see you tomorrow in
a video all right love you guys bye
