am i can I like these what please foods
like you got have to work though funny
bit paler dingleberry
what is it dingleberry little bit of it
it's a bit of like clingy poo isn't it
you should be wearing this it's
camouflage on them oh yeah are you
squatting yeah hi guys hello you sexy
people back today with Matthew hello
it's not the intro on this channel it is
not but yeah back with Matt last time we
did it's a whole room over there and not
a lot of room over here you can move
that way yeah last time we did try and
saw sports video it was fun with two
people so gonna gonna do it again made
it back made it back out of not popular
request hello darkness my old friend
this is quite weird
I can't see myself in the viewfinder so
I'm quite nervous because in the last
video my juicer in the review my god ah
what what sauce box again Marcus Oh sore
spot you oh yeah well source box it is
fantastic oh subscription box that
delivers healthy nutritious snacks to
your door every single month sounds
amazing let's go let's go for it's mine
Max's and gnomes company and yeah those
you seem to really like it so here we go
here's your menu this month what we like
start or should we start with right at
the top we've got the fruit crisp
crunchy banana you can't see it you
can't see it but just a joke alright you
get first ceiling thank you
I take a couple takes - you wanna see
I'm starving oh that way out if I had
any bread earlier just set those up if
you grow any bread I was lying
uh why I really go sure we should
introduce a scale system Allen ten oh my
god
token of solid nine I was about to say
nine about not sure what you can improve
maybe ten per a bit saltier on so - so -
yeah yeah salty banana that's an
interesting concept cuz I wouldn't
thank all get up our own it shocked a
bit of salt on it are you just gonna
wear that hat for the weekend I'm
wearing this hat already 9 out of 10 for
the day well I know that is literally
the best thing in the world what is it
there's only two squares
can I vote oh okay yeah I should we save
it it's literally the best thing way to
save it to last
yeah I'm saving it and then we'll forget
to do it and it just means I can eat it
I wonder what you only go for next on me
I think you should like twos as you go
Friedman how many do the salted caramel
listicles please quite big not what I
was expecting it to make up coca tea and
you love a big open as well I'm sure
surely that's not good for you why I
don't know tastes amazing yeah oh god
medjool dates cashews pumpkin seeds chia
seeds maca powder coconut oil maple
syrup pink Himalayan rock salt
really good stuff what did you get that
out attempt I would give that an a I'm
thinking eggs I've wrote the Blanche so
high yeah
no no sorry let's try these nine the
beginnings these cookies have a complex
character soft yet crunchy and sweet but
savory they're a blend of all things
tasty
remember if you don't like fun no I was
but I think I'm white unlike if there's
a sex a thing that is very guys that
it's very Raymond yeah very crumbly
quite filling oh I had a six in my head
because you put the Signet in my head
mmm I am it's like a flapjack
yeah that's going a 9 mm mmm they are
amazing that's my favorite thing so far
I'd love to know what's right in that
Paul's finally not tell you oh great
shredded coconut agave syrup dried
blueberries out of cacao butter water
and sea salt 9 for me strew so massively
up on that set yeah be virtues we got
the chocolate halo Finn I've had loads
of these before I'm not a big fan of
dark chocolate no I like not drunk book
that very dark though the good thing
with dark chocolate is kind of if you've
got a sweet craving rather than reaching
with the governing getting like a really
sugary chocolate bar if you go for this
and one killer craving into itself
ivory I would give that an a but that's
because I like that it's a six for me so
I mean I'm still intimate so that's the
job would you want to try this it's
quinoa sprinkles yeah so normally would
you do overcook it yeah we cannot kind
of do a cheap shot of it you put it
probably that you could put it over
porridge or over cereal or over any meal
for a daily boost of vitamins minerals
antioxidants on your avocados toast BAM
that'd be amazing
wham bam thank you Matt doesn't quite
have the same riser bit very messy I
might put it in my hand yeah try not
spill it
it's all because you would you do I mean
I wouldn't eat this on your iron um but
be a great add to anything like well you
said I've got on toast ice on top of
that you win that one now we've had
these in there before yeah love them to
be fair her I love them they're like a
mixture of nuts and actually they might
not even be nuts in this one green
raisin and barberries Pro makes
delicious makes of nuts season fruits
these shoes are perfect for on-the-go
snack no refueling off the gym its
factory arms stopped it's absolutely ok
I'm filming wife's I've grown already
why like this is that not everything
should be like a treat or like taser if
you're hungry throughout the day or you
want a snack
you'd go for that because it's
nutritious and it fills you up I do that
seven saying hangry I love this
company's branding and the name like
hangry yes so gotta bury the rage not
easy tied your hunger but with this bar
you can bury those rather outrageous
hangry emotions at least until lunch
that's quite good to be fair yeah
appreciate it today sorry
I love anything like berry or cherry or
type I'm a big fan also give that seven
I'd give my hat a nine though we'll sort
some tea from T pigs we put in hair
tapped this one my favorite brands just
I think this is like pretty cool like
their actual branding also their
websites are really really cool the only
thing that I usually find hard is
actually how to open these that was
because when I first got a pool it's
actually so simple with it's a little
bit of foil and just give it a little
cool just like so that's quite
satisfying to watch me Howard oh my
that's amazing huh I can't believe how
good those that's a ten come Kenny mmm
oh that's awful I've empty a birch water
with Bill Murray and lingonberry made by
the forests of Finland that ya made am
perks at white great G yeah have you
tried this before not this plate I've
tried it honestly it's and then it's
never this flavor I was expecting at all
oh yeah that is amazing imagine it
because this isn't cold imagine like on
today I mean it's a ten but it's a
tenement yeah I'm lucky off with to
source boxes I subscribe to to source
boxes one because I save one to do video
and two because I obviously like to get
it as B as soon as it comes so I've
still got one of these that I'm going to
put in fridge yeah I'm gonna have it for
me fridge you know I I'm gonna put this
in the fridge as well Jamie when you
won't let me have your chocolate milk
yeah my chocolate milk and I think that
pretty much wraps up this month's or
spot well isn't there that one last
thing but that's where there's one
something else that we're saving to last
hmm did you not you're right where's
again I know you're acting so you can
have it to yourself yeah yeah Oh where's
it gone this is my favorite I've left
the bra panel chocolate which is vanilla
left this - a lot of this is literature
on I think this is like my top two
favorite chocolate brand is it dark
chocolate or 63%
I like I don't have you're gonna like
okay that's very rich you break that
love half you could love oh my god I'm
out your mouth was man yeah that's me is
that I'm like 10
how does work you know when you
main Cape mixes at home and you've got
it before you baby Kate you've got the
cake mix and I eat off the spoon reminds
me of that but she is obviously good
ingredient is he has a minute be like
that like when it just melts in your
mouth
yeah the hot I bought barzmann they're
all like that so yeah that rounds off
that round I'm glad you mention well you
know but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to get a
thumbs up subscribe if you're new around
here then we know if you want me to do
sourcebooks videos with Matt Moore or
with other people or solo or you never
want to see another video on this
channel again let me know as well we
hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow in on video good bye bye the
goodbye this time it's not still quite
awkward yes you know I cut it like this
like a burp bye
