falling in the corner you are smelling
should we do a test so do a funny dance
like they never watch it hey never have
I ever received something for free like
a gift card or a t-shirt and gave it
someone else as a Christmas / birthday
present hello darkness my old friend
what do that member hunt oh you sure it
wasn't you
well yeah we both it was probably it was
probably one of yours well I gave you
know that you just left in your bedroom
won't never have I ever broken something
in somebody else's house and not told
them I when I was a kid I would have
broke so much stuff in the ocean you
know who normally gets blown I can't
when I was younger we always used to
break stuff and playing on the cat and
we blame iPad and the cat would get
shouting at oh nana smack the cat would
get hello darkness my old friend
not Rani used to sack the cat was she
were that cat I'm going out
right smart if she didn't swim on that
she just blame the cat for you but I
feel you about to drop my nose back in
my day that was normal it was normal
actually when on I walked 10 miles and
my prints off you don't forget think
about it now the poor as you're a baby
you can't like speak as it is imagine
cry having a you have a poo now no one
knows you just got sit in your own poop
you got sit in your own poo yep but
hopefully it's so smelly that the parent
realized they crawl up it's in the night
though no one's around in the night and
you like call though those sausages mum
familiar yeah
really bloody Georgie oh god supper and
then in the morning you just walk in
life oh you too
with my kids mum yeah I know you would
our family house partied remember that
when we moved in and you guys were like
you can have some pins and me and max
for like 13 or something so I got me and
Max were in that room like necking it
back though so responsible and then so
in response to you were the mother
you're the mother
yeah you're gonna burn hey I was too
busy myself never have I ever peed in a
pool / see I mean everyone's lying if
they don't say no don't say it
Simon's not annotators oh he's exactly
like the other day I was in Co so nice
like I was me and Dave and see and I
starts I'm so hot Dave we swimming away
from me he's I'm having a piss so is art
mate I'm literally swimming in chocolate
if you went someone's house now did
gathering in you're like 16 and there's
boys and girls at the gathering if you
all stay in someone's house and the
parents who are in charge to always be
like boys in that room girls in that
room obviously in the middle of the
night everyone just ends up sneaking
into one room and you just have one
massive hangout sleepover hold it down
enough buddy can I do again I'm so
 off did a face I'll order hey
samba fait un bread you don't start even
so
