yo what's up beautiful sexy people
everybody's in for a treat today I'm
feeling a lot better today my neck my
neck is feeling good my throat's feeling
good I'm feeling 90% back to MB and B in
the house
hey nobody shorts today's video is I
still the other day there was a press
article written on me and it's just
really funny to read so I started
reading and then I was like actually
this could be a video just me reading
what the press write about me so here we
go this is the express title is celeb
masked chef Phan's furious as judges
compare marks Butler's brownie to a
hockey puck fans of youtuber Marcus
Butler become riled up as judges Greg
Wallace and John throat criticized the
bloggers slew of Conant culinary but
still can never say that word culinary
culinary errors no peers adoring
following of teenagers Lachi have you
know that my largest following is
between 18 and 24 so not just teenagers
Twitter was giance evening with gushing
messages from fans declaring their love
and support for the Internet star but
the cracks began to show early on when
Marcus seemed at lost you're in the real
a realm of teammate alexis common
wasting ten minutes of his allocated
timeslot by wandering around the kitchen
unsure of what to cook tell you what if
you're in that's it I'd like to see you
in that situation I've been thrown into
that kitchen trying to finish off
someone else's meal so what are than
anything in fine round twenty
four-year-old prepared a made of tuna
followed by a healthy version of a
chocolate brownie while the tuna failed
to impress both the judges and the
previous Celebrity MasterChef
contestants tasting the food it was the
brownie that proved to be the complete
disaster of the round it's a good effort
right there
Gregg wallets jokingly asked him if
you'd like to serve it with the straw
before declaring the dish horrendous
John's road meanwhile likened it to a
hockey puck and that's thick
others were more appalled at Marcus
browning in fact he was sent home can I
get that brownie recipe I have a wobbly
table yes okay I forgot to add in the
vital ingredients of my nuts
I just forgot to do it everyone makes
mistakes so yeah there was the other day
and this article popped up on the Sun
the Sun is the biggest the biggest UK
news outlet one of the biggest put the
pretty big it just made me like lies
it's nice it's very nice article I think
titled the butler did it
who is Marcus Butler YouTube superstar
and Celebrity MasterChef and how do you
say that word alumini alumni alumni yeah
Illuminati
alumni here's everything you need to
know since he started his YouTube
channel in 2010 marks his career is gone
from strength to strength thank you
what does Marcus Butler make videos
about marks is self titled main channel
Marcus Butler includes a variety of
videos from viral challenges to parodies
and collaborations viral challenges I
guess I guess you could say I've never
thought of my channel as being like a
viral channel I don't think I've never
had a video that's gone viral bad videos
have you know you get quite a lot of
used but not one that's like viral and
then everyone's like I'm doing that and
it just blows up the channels that he
subsequently subsequently created more
monster marks but the games cover topics
such as health and game it let's not
talk about marks by the games the young
star who was born in 1991 began making
music video mixers and sports footage
videos in college I did they must have
read my book
but yeah you guys know that I started my
channel I used to make sports videos
like basketball mashups and edit them
together and put them online and that's
what got me interested in video editing
originally from shaunb I see marks
created his huge channel in 2010 at the
request of his viewers yeah so I had my
original YouTube channel where I was
uploading like random music stuff these
basketball videos and then people would
come saying hey put the video of you in
front of the camera I was like okay he
currently lives in the seaside town of
Brighton where incidentally youtubers
zoella and alfie deyes also live I don't
live in Brighton
haven't lived in Brighton for a year and
a half now so not quite correct I'm born
in Brighton now I'm from right then
Brighton is my hometown but I don't
don't live there what does Marcus do
apart from YouTube in 2015 marks
released a self-help book come
autobiography entitled hello life
Marcus also appeared on the most recent
series of Celebrity MasterChef despite
being knocked out in the early stages
and had previously joined Radio 1's
presenter in - in September 2014 I was
knocked out in the early stage of March
F but you know what technically I got
knocked out of the quarterfinals now
when he said yeah when you tell people
they call it the quarterfinals so I got
knocked out of the quarterfinals so
whenever I get
oh yeah the mosque ship now oh wow how'd
you fall Co finals
I made the quarterfinals dinner yeah
yeah good football chat well there we go
guys I hope you enjoyed this video if
you did make sure to give a thumbs up
and I will see you tomorrow with another
one good bye
