hello hi hey with still downstairs and
the scene is very dark feel like I'm
alone why it's light it's very sunny
outside alone what's going on but the
other thing I wrote when I film
downstairs we don't have the M light
sorry you guys will be alright just
experimenting of locations yeah as long
as you guys are cool with that anyway
today's video is watching disgusting
things and seeing how I cope of watching
those disgusting things so this might
make you feel shit this might meet you
bought my bomb everywhere I don't know
my hair is like a bush sorry or just
like how much apologize
are you serious I just took my socks
come out someone's nail and group
viscosity here I'm gonna Park this car
litter on website because I love this so
I'm gonna drop you know what you're
playing a hot wash it with me come watch
it I'll let you got like a hot video
card okay Oh fun go oh my fucking god
this is the most this is the most
suddenly out that watch oh this is like
try not to vomit challenge oh my god how
long's this one go on for I can't Matt
home watch it the car oh this stuff I
can't watch this stuff there is gonna go
right here you go hmm wait it's not
gonna have a promise is the couch not
gonna hurt I would have stuck around a
soft man and stuffing oil or happy
person only gets gum
on this clip and face down the short
neck shoulder name Jesus ninety-year-old
with great blackhead extraction why or
little or actually I might have stopped
this video
I'm knowing John Madden but I'm like I'm
stroke I mean stroke see this the
hardest Ledo never had to watch you know
enjoy no literally it's the hardest
thing hard to watch icon this is torture
this actual torture I feel like you know
clockwork orange' went thing he stopped
her thing and he's made to watch the
cinema why is he so chill that's all
shoving things in his nose he's just
like yeah I literally can't watch that
can you watch that yeah can you step
stand there and watch that you find this
hat song that oh I don't like when the
blood comes out what ruins it a bit for
me some of them are really good oh I
don't leave I'll see babe it's my little
worms coming out for knows oh ha ha
I can we please stop this is actual
torture no-go this the worse the other
made this the only time not enjoyed
making video oh why am I putting myself
through this love that she's just having
a normal conversation with the guy
this is not enjoyable when you pop your
own spots do you enjoy it a lot
yeah okay so you do enjoy it yes not
watching it
oh yeah it's like I'm fascinated it's
like your disgusting bodily fluids Oh
what is that in his mouth
oh he's got a slug in his mouth
it's a saliva as the valve the glands
been blocked so it's local stuck and
y'all haven't removed for he-man
Elisha's was ugly
portal was just thought up oh yeah oh
that's casual just sir just a cheeky
cheeky three centimeters all shit just
came out of my mouth
how does that happen the last 100 so
it's saying in my neck what what is that
what is that that an animal so creepy
often they're what I can't deal with it
well I'm such a pussy of this stuff what
was it was it was it why are you so
excited
is it does it be more like a magnet what
part of the skin is this on someone what
is it what is it what was that the black
head I thought it's a bug or something
oh no that's fine
20 years old 20 years old
yeah have a shower you cheap it
scrubbing going in there oh my god guys
that honestly felt like actual torture
like actual torture watching that you're
you're probably annoyed at me from how
my reactions are that was my genuine
reaction there's nothing
you do about that I don't know if that
was entertaining for you to watch or not
who knows but I hope you enjoyed it give
the video a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you tomorrow another one
hopefully not that discussed then all
right love you guys bye
