hello how's it going you beautiful sexy
people filling same that still got this
dodgy neck literally just taking some
new offense if that's going to help for
anyone if you want any tips on on your
dodgy neck I'll be open to those anyway
today is all about how normal are your
youtuber opinions so you guys are gonna
find out what YouTube's I like watching
who my favorite who I prefer to other
and I think they paid people up who are
like really similar so it's gonna be
quite hard for me to decide and then
it's going to spark talk and see what's
gonna happen so let's let's see shall we
amazing Phil or Dan is not on fire oh
I'm gonna split the fandom Oh for me
personally
danisnotonfire he was I found Dan before
Phil and Dan is someone who he actually
inspired me 81 there's been 138 thousand
votes on that holy Dan's on fires
quite 81% Tyler Oakley or Joey Graceffa
this is literally like they love this
why should I be scared to do this like
this is his you this is like saying do
you prefer Breaking Bad or The Walking
Dead like I'm not there's no yes they're
my friends I probably got everyone on
here but Tyler Oakley or Joey Graceffa
I would say I enjoy Tyler Oakley's
videos more than Jurgis efforts although
I love when Joey Graceffa does like he's
done some different stuff before like
he's written you know and he's done like
his shorts or his music stuff or every
now and again he'll do something really
cool and I really love that stuff but
Tyler's videos and I love his sass I
love his energy
I love of Tyler 73-percent a pewdiepie
amok by very straightforward answer for
me that's PewDiePie one because I don't
watch markiplier I'm not subscribe Tim
but I haven't seen that many videos of
his and beause PewDiePie I'm you know a
big fan of you spat Joe or Caspar oh
that's hard isn't it when your friends
and vote for them it's really that's
really hard because I really like both
their styles of YouTube I love Caspar
when he does his videos with the
tradition of celebrities and it goes
along good and really like that and then
Joe has just come to me his impressions
and when he comes up with a new prank
it's always like
cutting-edge or like something new so
really hard I'm gonna have to go Joe on
that it's closed it's closed 6535 share
your votes I share on my facebook
Miranda sings or psycho soprano you know
what I would go Miranda just because I
think Miranda's really funny and so I'm
going around that that was quite easy
for me Smosh or nigahiga for me very
very easy to answer
it's nigahiga all day he's one of my
favorite youtubers always has been so uh
new year he gets got beef me so a little
bethany mota same again for me I feel
like obviously I'm really good friends
of Zoey I've met Bethenny a few times
she seems very sweet when I've met her
I'm not personally friends of her never
hung out with her properly that's not
that shouldn't be one I'm doing this but
Zoey's videos I find like don't get me
wrong I don't sit and watch a 30 minute
haul of seeing the clothes that's always
bought from Primark but when I do watch
those videos her like personality and
sense of humor and like how she's funny
like pretty shines in it so Zoe for me
which blogger has the best gaming
channel well I mean obviously I'd say
the most consistent is Marx about the
games the most forward-thinking
is Marx about the games if there's like
a brand new game that's just come out
and you want to see someone playing it
you've got a head two marks buy the
games if you want to see four videos a
day again you've got to go to marks buy
the games because he is just producing
mass content on his channel right now
multiple games obviously I'm gonna vote
me know which of also I don't know why
I'm in there I have a gaming channel
let's open this up to you guys what
would you like to see some gaming videos
do does get do gaming videos interest
you like say I was to say I want to
start doing some gaming stuff but doing
it on this channel how would you feel
about that rather than hang in always
another channel when I've got think
about that and then pressure on that I
just wanted to play a game every now and
again and throw it up on this channel
how would you feel about that I want to
know the answer to that so you have a
favorite gaming channel I actually
really liked Joey's when he did
Minecraft I really got into some of that
I watched down and feels Sims for
summertime as well I mean Dan and Phil
let's let's not lie they're probably
gonna have
vote on there aren't they so I'm gonna
go Joey the Minecraft and look at that
marks but the games in there a 4% you
guys who are voting for that just saying
means a lot I did you you're one of the
6158 people's I voted for that yeah
thank you okay Oh
throwing shades oh hello all
pointlessblog well it's just greedy
isn't it having zoe and two people sings
so calm down to me it's gonna be Alfie
Alfie these videos cater to me more than
Zoe's do in general overall me me
alkanes okay we all go way back with me
and now if we go back like way back me
and how if we go back but before anyone
goes back oh the alpha female I'm sorry
you're on the low percentage Troye Sivan
or Ricky Dillon for me I'm friends of
both I'm upset I'd say I'm pretty good
friends with Troy I hang out with Ricky
like when we go to like conventions and
stuff when he's there we hang on we say
hi but Troy I like actually hang out
with as a friend I speak to Troy and
regular basis so Detroit for me are
Jenna Mar was a superwoman that's hard
you know because both for like
monumental figures on YouTube I'd
probably say I enjoy super women's
videos more now than jenna Marbles
videos now but jenna Marbles was such a
huge inspiration for me like literally
you can see how I used to make my videos
was like things girls say and suffer
because I was inspired by jenna Marbles
and I literally thought what she was
doing was amazing and she's so cool in
real life she's so cool so jenna marbles
gets my vote it's very close as closest
one we had so yeah that is some like
honesty on my favorite youtubers sooner
what you guys thought if you like seeing
stuff like that it's just yeah I think
it's quite interesting actually very
hard to take but yeah I hope you enjoyed
that if you did make sure to give a big
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video and hopefully I'll be
feeling even more better than but we'll
see alright love you guys bye bye bye
