sorry for snapping on them haters Apple
mem haters dab-dab
would you dump on them haters I'm
cringing why life of Doublemint doesn't
mean anything means that you can protect
yourself of the Elvis when hate is
coming dab and your elbows there that's
dabbing that Bell bow that Bell bow
that's what they do in war like Game of
Thrones they run in like I think even
tens a bit old a hello everybody and
welcome to the channel welcome back
how's it going it's first time you ever
watching my name is Marcus you can
subscribe to the channel by clicking
down their video as opposed to every
single day hello you're in for a treat
today because today is a guest the
youtubers special it's a big seriously
run on this channel and today is guess
the usually work by their Twitter bio
which you would like to think I follow a
lot of youtubers on Twitter I should be
quite good at this I think it's actually
gonna throw cheeky little spanner in the
works I'm not gonna be that good air but
let's find out hit it one two
his fit his favourite thing is going
give me two SEC's and I was going one
two it's comedy right so 18 18 18 this
could be the longest version yet
I've eaten again very quickly you ready
yeah let's go Jim Chapman correct thank
you oh Jesus you might fly well good
what do I get if I get 80% yeah high
five
no I'm 2% and you admit that I'm better
p4 than you I won't you % I'll make you
bet
because we okay he said yeah I'm gonna
stop playing me some so good you don't
even say anything you're weird I
literally saw this the other day
I think it's david dobrik do you think
who do you know I know it's David though
break it is well that was quite hard
when I fail showing his funny side isn't
it well I do you think he's done that
you think he's done that because sexy
gorgeous humble do you think he is
joking about that because he thinks he's
none of those things or why do you think
your sense making the joke because it's
sexy gorgeous you obviously like
arrogant and I am humble yeah I hate
well there they go I know this is quite
further isn't he
thing with a lot of youtubers they like
to say they're like everything some
youtubers they're like I am a youtuber
I'm a director I'm also an actor
I'm also producer I'm also known as also
an author I'm also a singer and
occasionally a rap whenever it down it
makes you sound it why he doesn't yeah I
think that's us being British as well do
I follow this person yeah are they
American
yeah okay Shane Dawson this is it yeah
real free
you're right though is a very American
thing isn't it to say things like that
there's nothing wrong because it's all
true we don't do it yeah we're with sad
British people we made YouTube videos
they are a couple yes I think is Ethan
and healer
Ethan climb yeah I'm right aren't I yes
you are you'll get you know I don't you
getting worried about having to admit
not Vera thief thank you whoo so dating
is weird in America inquiries his spell
of an iron in England it's better than
II yeah I've made that mistake as well
the outfit I'll be slow good know what
you hang out a few days at the first
person ever in the world to go do more
of what makes you happy
babies no ha like yeah I do like that's
very nice it's a nice motto to live by
that's a bit more difficult so you got
my questions yeah but you only get two
questions because this is a very eager
but guessing I get two guesses though
yeah three yeses no two questions two
guesses okay glad those rules have
suddenly change well intentioned idiot
are they American yes are they a daily
vlogger no I thought it was logan paul
it's not like why no because he's not a
david that's what the data for question
one I wasn't a question that wasn't
again
I don't know it well-intentioned idiot
jacksFilms no it's a go is it Liza no
 you grace that's Liza no it's not
oh this is hard
you don't say well are they American no
British yes as a cat's paw no oh that's
annoying because he's changed that
recently it used to be something like I
make videos and laugh about my
embarrassing daily encounter was
something like that so thanks dad Bryce
gum no superwoman
I was a quaver no this is too hard
I'm too hon I'm really hungry yeah you
know I'm like sick hungry I've seen this
and I don't know it oh it's not
Casey nice that no Philip DeFranco well
you leave enough just getting annoyed
that's two and I don't know wrong I know
all these youtubers are changing their
BIOS recently
well that's PewDiePie yeah well done
back on the beating FIFA train that's
quite funny isn't it oh it's Miranda
sings what does it count it's Miranda
saying this is a cow it's not my fault
miranda sings mirandasings can we just
let see if it's Miranda hello chief whoa
well you never know
we just need to see cool got that one
right I'm really happy Miranda sings
brilliant two in a row curious mind
adventurous heart eater of all the foods
harver of all the fears one half of a
lady powered podcast that is a mouthful
yeah British no lady powered podcast yes
listen New York is it um Ingrid yeah
cool fashion blogger traveling capturing
the world with packed suitcase and a
full makeup bag that's quite a funny bio
in the fro yes cool glad I got that one
just a little nice Liza
yes it's back in business on I are you
annoying
oh right in row five Miranda hi
that's five ksi yeah we're on a roll
boys and girls are on a roll dad husband
post producer part-time nights got a
part-time douchebag and the very best
like no one ever was questionable
Grammer dad a husband is it
Jonathan Jolie no are they American
yeah someone you like today my resort
VidCon and you freaked out there did I
yep juice there's no you tube in there
husband yes daily blogger no I don't
know I'll have enough against American
daily videos yes
whoo Thank You Stanley and I freaked out
you what was really cool yeah I pointed
them out to me to retweet it to them no
do you know who they are
yes they do very respected not Casey no
yes now he's changed here all of these
people changing them that's fine it used
to be I'm a youtuber lit tree that ah I
thought you said it was Casey yeah oh
yeah yeah should I get more it's Casper
it is yeah
cats Polly last one blogger blogger
author Sunday today this is ina here
this is I know who it is okay Louise
Pentland yes she's very proud about all
of those isn't she Louise is deafening
Parramatta Sunday Times number one
bestseller also Louise here is your
mention in the video because I know that
you wanted to mention so you got 100% no
and I'm better than you
12 out of 17 that's 90 now you need to
do it more here too it's on camera one
more is there no need to be there there
you go they saw that I hope you guys
enjoyed that and hope they enjoy playing
along with me I hope you enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you did
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys tomorrow another video goodbye
goodbye goodbye goodbye goodbye bike
bike bike
