hey howdy guys how's it going I haven't
worn this hat no this is my gym hat in
case you actually cared my gym hat cuz a
while I went to the gym it also means
our sweat in it so it's nice and sweaty
what do you guys think about I'm feeling
a wearing hat today we say four words
like so no backwards that's bad isn't it
we say backwards hat like yawn I'm a
skater live from rock the backwards hat
cool or we say in forward tap where it's
like you're more like chilled today got
bad hair day going on what you saying
I'm feeling kind of backwards hat today
think I look a bit funny but we're just
gonna roll with it does matter does it
ah awful sweep up spot on my neck do you
ever get neck spots really painful
got one right now why turn your nose
over head yeah I think so oddly Jax you
want to yeah that's disgusting our
boundaries don't go that far but try not
to laugh haven't thought of trying to
laugh in a long time so we're gonna
watch some stuff we're gonna see if it
makes me laugh oh that's so weird come
on give it all you got go
this is cute a little holy shit what was
that that monkey
calm down justjust calm down like don't
get so annoyed at slipping over do it
seconds it broke right
I'd be paid oh it's not my oh oh shit
she got knocked the fuck out Wow
what that's not long like I don't laugh
at failures people hurt people hitting
their dear little heads and smashing
them it's not funny
oh is that is that is that crocodile is
that an alligator in someone's house
it's not Raven is that scary old Spiro
though even the babies are one of the
most dangerous animals in the world so I
built this cage to keep him secure so
there's no possible oh my that's gotta
be setup like you can't be that stupid
so I built this cage to really secure oh
oh she you sleep Bob did you did you not
did you forget to stick a pole in cuz
he's just he's just done or animate oh
don't accomplish the baby get hit in the
head I'm Hamish failure dude in there no
extra body don't love babies heads are
very soft and sensitive that baby could
have a dent in its head and affect its
brain and affect its learning knowledge
at school from that Oh
that's the scariest like I have met I'd
not have a student up stood up like nor
do I just I mean it's not the River
Thames is ever just gonna freeze over
over oh yeah I'm gonna walk on the River
Thames but like having a late as froze
over and trying to walk over it allow
that mate it's not gonna end well it's
not gonna end well
you're just gonna hit your chin mmm boom
oh you got heard crunch and his neck oh
no uhh
get out you like you're gonna die I want
cute Oh ginger thank you go ginger cat
now someone's got strong oh dude it's
not ending well oh oh just let go let go
oh it's seconds what's going to be
burning him fire play a waffle just a
blob table why is that funny
never seen saying more unfunny what was
up with the colour here as well feel
very I feel like I look hot and sweaty
but I just I'm looking at me now I look
like a sweaty boy in choir orange yeah
what's going on I don't know Bill bit of
time for myself
oh sure y'all how do some pull-ups are
you go are you are you really you don't
jump that's the first thing you do is
not jump but you want to pull yourself
up over so let me demonstrate this you
don't want to John I'm telling you now
you don't want to john told you security
footage of a pedophile disguised as a
small he's been getting away with it in
sheffield for trade policy disguised as
the seal well dude yeah a bit of an
extension on the GoPro
he looks hot
he does as hot as me today I'm gonna
teach you how to face your face and the
first step to facing your fears I loved
I loved up over like that yeah
did he just say meow an egg Oh
gutted how annoyed you just smash the
backboard oh Linda Carson ABC 7 is 120 I
wish it to legal is obviously slipping
on that water get away from water oh all
right that's tonic oxygenos now oh you
too high you're too high you're too high
lost it you what are you doing what are
you doing okay you've got more control
you just oh it's so savage you have a
person her stupidity ruined the other
person's fun time on the swing well I
did end up laughing at some of the stuff
and didn't laugh at something other
stuff so I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did you know what to do
give the video a thumbs up please
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video all right
good bike a bike a bike a bike and bike
goodbye
