hello everybody beautiful sexy people we
are in a different location I'm back I'm
not 100% just yet but I've been taking
very strong medicine I had to switch
antibiotics twice and I got put on
steroids because the tonsillitis was so
severe just finished taking steroids
which sounds really really weird I
didn't even know that you could take
steroids for being ill like that
everyone just associate steroids with
like Jim lad and hench and all that
stuff but steroids helped me get better
quicker throats much better the only
thing right now is I put this really
painful neck like all the muscles around
my neck feels like it feels like I've
done a hundred night like a thousand
neck exercises like this and my whole
upper head is a bit stiff don't know
what that's down to I hope I don't have
like glandular fever because when I went
to see this specialist he was like oh
yeah you might have glandular fever so
yeah just you know heads up I was like
okay I don't want manage the fever but
anyway hopefully we're on the on the
route through we're in a different
location we're downstairs because it's
so bloody hot in London that I literally
cannot sit in the room upstairs because
the sun's just on it so we're just gonna
start moving around the house you know
when it's warm I'm gonna film down here
oh that's cool here anyway onto the
video we are doing how shitty are you at
telling world flags apart we've done a
few flag quizzes on this channel I
really like them they frustrate me and
you guys like them as well so we're just
gonna jump straight in usually I think
I'm pretty good at this choose the
Australian flag it's harder when they're
put together like eyes in there that's
just unfair isn't it I mean that they're
very very similar but it's the one on
the left
 no it's not it's one on the right
jerk and when Australia New Zealand won
like becoming countries and then
dependent and suffer that they were like
nah mate you've stolen off flag
and then I can't do I can't different
jail straighter New Zealand New Zealand
mate like just stop copying off leg play
obviously flag flag flag plague watch
out get your eyes off off lid
so let's go South African which flag is
either
Islands Ireland which flag is Islands
is is it the left or the right I think
it's left isn't it the reason I thought
is because I thought greens first
because you associate island with green
a lot of the time because you're very
green people which means your natural
and you're healthy and you're beautiful
which represents Iceland ah is it's the
red isn't it it is the red that's not
like say why does so many countries have
the same flag who who came up with the
flags the country's flags was it one
person who's like hmm I'm just gonna
design all the flags around the world
and see who liked it we're just going to
throw in a few teeth ones that look the
same and see if they like it or does
each country have a flag design team I
think how does that work
which flag is Poland's our Poland is red
at the top Poland's actually red at the
bottom guys so if you thought poems red
at the top you're wrong choose the Porto
Rican flag it's poor tariqa is it red
and blue is it red stripes of the blue
or is it blue stretch of the red what
you saying Matt I think it's me you
think it's blue I think it's red stripes
it's red isn't it which flag is
Palestine they are so similar like
literally literally the only difference
is the star symbol I think has the star
symbol hello darkness my old friend Oh
guess who's wrong again so at least I
told you where the second one's wrong I
haven't even seen it the second is from
Jordan okay I'm sorry
sorry I'm getting it wrong first out so
I thought well I thought poem was
Indonesia so good
ah it's Norway which flag is from Libya
it's hard because when I'm looking at
these I'm not thinking all that flag is
Libya I'm thinking of which one I
recognize the most but I can't associate
where that flag I'm recognizing is from
so it's like you just kind of have to
guess with it so I recognize the one on
the left most oh well that's because
it's right and it's Libya so good choose
a Colombian flag now does have the stars
in it doesn't it Oh
Venezuela I'm sorry which flag is
Hungary's I'm gonna go red no it's white
at the top this is so frustrating this
flag this is the most restraint flag
quiz we've ever done guys and trickiest
of all which is the flag of chat
what up true trickiest of all literary
because they are the same other than the
shade of blue well I mean Chad's
obviously got a lighter blue fantastic
note the first folks Chad the second is
Romania shades of because they ever so
slightly different we need to but it can
be very hard to distinguish you got
three out of ten right you're awful at
this it's okay though because learning
is fun
three out of ten usually I think yeah
pretty good this yeah that is awful shut
me down well I'm gonna go and see if I
can sort my life out of it and learn
some more flags so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you did be sure
to get a thumbs up subscribe if you're
new and I will see you tomorrow with
another video all right bye guys
