hello hi armpits
yeah I hope it's freaked you out don't
freak me out unless they smell an Ifrit
now your internet habits will tell us
your age what is that chatty snap thing
anyway oh this is gonna be quite good
actually which old website are you most
familiar with which old web obviously
MySpace calm literally no idea what life
Jan dig I kind of remember that's
LinkedIn do you tick how many you are or
no you can just choose one I mean most
minute of MySpace I did have my space
did any of you have MySpace some of you
maybe didn't have my space which do you
check the most frequently Facebook
Tumblr snapchat Instagram Twitter or
Pinterest if there was a way is
definitely either snapchat snapchat
Instagram
I think snapchat for me how do you show
laughter rofl XD
Lola Mayo hahahahaha laughing emoji
laughing emoji I mean I you I sail all
hat and laughing emoji the differences
are long I say when I'm not active and
laughing like laughing out loud if
something if I if I think it sounds a
little bit funny about having laughter
looks good long if something's root if
something's like it sounds pretty funny
then I'll go long with a few O's if I'm
telling a story and I'm saying and I'm
telling something funny in story awesome
texting I will add haha off this I'll be
like and then I fell over
haha and if I'm actually like laughing
laughing laughing then I just do like
ten emoji I don't do ten I do like three
laughing emojis pick a filter Face Swap
flower crown dog is clarendon ex-pro why
is there no like square head or bread
face I mean I'm gonna have to go Face
Swap like guess what do you like the
most
cue animal videos think pieces food porn
selfies political posts memes if a food
porn or I'm going food porn have a
better food porn haha how often do you
post on social media daily constant
me I guess constantly would be the
answer because it's social media in
general I'm always either posting on
snapchat voting on Twitter posting on
Instagram I'm posting something at some
point during the day how often do you
check your social media constantly ah
your internet habits will tell us your
age you got 15 you have snap streets
with dozens of people I don't actually
have any snap streaks you probably only
check Facebook once a month and when you
do you won't accept Chavez forever quest
15 that's 9 years younger than I
actually am cool so this is basically
try and tell me I've got the mental age
of a nine year old of a nine year old of
a fifteen year old
I'm just really down with the kids yo
don't have any fibs yo well this has
been a short and sweet video hasn't it
I'm sorry that if it's been oh look
mosquito bite that bite that bite was
literally like that big not that is not
an exaggeration either but yeah sorry
it's been a short and sweet video I know
sometimes that annoys you I'm sorry
they'll be in a long one tomorrow but
yeah I hope you enjoyed the video anyway
and I will see you tomorrow in our video
all right Oh bite
