hello you beautiful sexy people welcome
back to a continuation from a video a
few weeks ago where I read out 12
horrific celebrity horror stories that
will put you off meeting them for life I
was just reading out people's
experiences with them and you guys
really liked it so I said if you liked
it or there will be a second part
because the total thing was 24 so I did
12 and then there'll be another 12 bye
bye Wow
so here we go I was at the airport and
it was really early so no one else was
around and all of a sudden my mum death
grips my arm what a death grip mean my
armand goes that's Ben Affleck since it
was so early my brain wasn't quite
functioning yet so as he walked by I go
ah flag he hears me gets me what the
fuck look and continues walking
yeah that's quite awkward isn't it fun
facts baffle ik has been going to my gym
I don't know if he is living in London
right now but he's in London maybes
filming seen him in coffee shop or
restaurant and he's been at my gym so
Ben obviously you're watching this if
you want to work out buddy
happily spot you on some chest need a
little spot on my shoulder lifts too so
if you're around holla I was a cocktail
waitress at Sundance Film Festival party
and I ended up serving on a balcony
where the big-name stars were hanging
out I saw Paul Rudd having a
conversation with someone and without
even thinking got uncomfortably close to
the two of them instead until they
stopped their conversation
it took a split second but I finally
said oh can I get you anything I found a
girl to take my place and hid downstairs
for the rest of the night
yeah I mean maybe you're a massive fan
and you just you know you've seen when
you're Jen genuinely like mesmerized by
his presence but don't creep them out by
standing this close just staring because
they're obviously like up high although
to make you feel a little bit more
comfortable they might not realize that
and they might have just thought you're
looking at them because they didn't you
didn't want to be rude and be like hi
can I get you anything
so rather you would just stand there
waiting for them to finish their
conversation
that's how become mini of you I was in
line for a ride at Disney when the group
of girls behind me started hysterically
screaming and pointing when I asked the
girl they were pointing at what the
problem was she just gave me a funny
look and got on the ride and that's the
story of how I didn't recognize Kylie
Jenner at Disney World
that's really not a bad story at all you
just saw Kylie Jenner and nothing
happened
you didn't recognize her my husband and
I visited the LA festival's Festival of
Books the same day Julie Andrews was
scheduled to do a reading the line to
see her was so long and it was so hot
that we quickly decided to call it a day
as we were walking behind the stage on
which she was scheduled to appear who
shall walk directly in front of us but
Julie Andrews and her entire entourage I
grabbed onto my husband's sights so hard
I left bruises and I apparently screamed
at the top of my lungs I wish Julie
Andrews was my grandma I mean one the
husband should have worried I might look
hurt my arm a bit I just call me a bit -
don't shout that it's just this little
walks for Julie Andrews I was walking
down the street in NYC and past Kevin
Bacon who was walking his dog the dog
made a beeline for me was a beeline and
thrust his nose directly into my crotch
like relentlessly pursuing my goods
Kevin was pulling on the dog's leash
trying to pull it back and apologizing
profusely I was trying to laugh it off
and let him know it wasn't a big deal so
I said it's okay he's probably just
smelling my cat all I probably would
have found that really funny cuz I don't
know if you were meaning you know if
he's in that area he's smelling your
pussy if that was the reference you
meant or you have a you have a pet cat
and that's what the dog was doing
think that's what you meant but if I can
make and I would've thought you're
really witty and just laughed with you
in around 2004 my cousin saw Fall Out
Boy at the grocery store near Chicago
she waved at them and ran up but Patrick
Stump didn't notice her she yelled hi
behind him and he screamed and dropped
his mill yeah like that's ways I've
sometimes done this I'm walking on the
street and someone would like run but
from be running from behind you and they
like jump round in front and they're
like hi and I've literally not whoa like
you scared the crap out of me and then
obviously I'm like laughing with them I
haven't had anything where ever like
dropped my milk or anything but that's
funny I think that's a funny situation I
met Jack Black two summers ago at a
sushi restaurant
I was so starstruck and panicked that
the first thing that came out of my
mouth while I shook his hand was your
performance in naturally bro is nothing
less than Oscar worthy of all the movies
he's been in I blurted out naturally
bruh he just gave me a soft smile shook
my hand and walked away I don't know
what's so funny about that I don't get
the nacho libre thing I don't know that
film was he in that film was it not a
very big film I don't know I saw Ralph
beans in the West Village and
accidentally screamed its Voldemort
that's quite funny I say funny he's he
probably doesn't like that does he when
I met Ryan Gosling I poked his arm
because I didn't think he was real I let
my finger linger on his arm a few
seconds just to fill him and we
exchanged some awkward eye contact I
walked away immediately offers because I
was too afraid to say anything so did
you speak to him or just walk up to him
and like touch him for a few seconds and
then leave cuz that's weird if he made a
joke out of it that would be quite funny
if you like that just like see if you're
real I mean you're obviously real
because you're a person I'm for watching
Darren Criss on Broadway I wait for him
at the stage door when he came out I
yelled at him until I got his attention
but I couldn't think of what to say so I
just said nice eyeballs
I imagine the response rate of God is uh
thanks I'll take that as a compliment I
was working as an extra in Harrison Ford
movie and the shoot had gone extremely
long as I watched Harrison doing stunts
I randomly mentioned to the guy next to
me that he reminded me of my
and I wanted to give him a hug on our
next break he made his way up the aisle
and just as he passed me my fellow extra
shouted hey there goes your chance to
hurt Harrison to my complete chagrin
what's that word Harrison turned around
looked me in the eyes and asked what did
you say I don't be went under pressure
so I stammered my response I was just
saying you look like a man who likes to
be hoped
that's cute there's nothing wrong with
that I hope you got a hug out of that
you might not have if it's been a long
shoes I thought if you said that to me
I'd be like ah that's a let's hug it out
I told the real honored Palmer that he
looked a lot like Arnold Palmer that
socks isn't it yeah I've had things like
that I have people and I don't you I
can't say it when people aren't you in
there like Oh Casper love your videos
like so yes I've had that before I don't
I can't say I'm just like ah thanks so
much yeah really really appreciate it
I've had enough who else why being on
these I had it without food before
results um was like Alfie I love your
video love your daily vlogs and stuff
I'm night uh-huh yeah that's me but yeah
that rounds up the 24 horror stories if
you like me reading stories and you want
me to do more Story videos then give
this video a thumbs up otherwise I'll
see tomorrow moving that video bye
