what is up you being perfectly mean but
welcome back the vapid camp last time we
started a new fan picture
Marcus Tyler Marcus doesn't know whether
he's gay doesn't know ever he's bi but
he did kiss Tyler and he said that he
loved Tyler and it's written by 12 year
old so not really sure where it's gonna
go but it's a bit of fun let's continue
well I better take Shane see if he still
wants to do a video hey Shane it's Tyler
hi Tyler hey I was wondering if you
still wanted to do a video together yeah
of course did you have anything in mind
that we could do yeah I did I was
thinking Shanina could interview me or
something that would be great wait what
about Marcus I could interview both of
you hey Marcus not so loud
I still have a headache from the hunt
hangover sorry but Shane wanted to know
if you wanted to do a video with us sure
it beats sitting around here all day he
said he would oh by the way it will be
at my mom's that's fine I think I know
where she lives
stalker I keep I Tyler and marks arrived
at Shane's Marcus's POV I hope it
doesn't ask any questions like who's the
last person you kissed or something like
have you ever made a party foul or
something like that and watching some
his videos he actually might just do
that
I really hope he doesn't
Mark's knife sat in the chairs as Shane
told us to buy notice Martin looked a
bit nervous never gets nervous when
making videos hey you okay huh Oh young
point are you sure no I'm sure I'm just
still trying to get over the last bit of
a hangover oh okay there still seemed to
be something wrong with him even if it
were to be the hangover still that
wouldn't stop him from being the fun
energetic person here's maybe he's been
thinking about things I don't know or
maybe was he thing about the kiss still
and did he remember it Shane doing a
shanaynay voice all right mother because
we got us a new man candy here today we
have Tyler Oakley and it's very sexy
friend Marcus Butler I know it's not
watching any sounds like but we're just
going with that hi everyone hello
what the was that it's the world
store in droves to my videos but what
the you've got to be out hello and
just say hey or hey maybe even just
hello would be fine hey Louis is PV well
that was a bit harsh but it was meant as
a joke so whatever starts laughing along
with Shane hahaha
alright well today I'm gonna be
interviewing these finest hell men Oh
Lord Jesus these panties are wet
tyro marcus start to brush and burst out
laughing uncontrollably a remark Nene
only if they were straight I know
Tyler's gay but wait Marcus are you gay
is just something I don't know about you
well no I'm not gay but I am bi okay
well that came right out over wait why
am I saying this it's true every word of
it but why can't I control myself well I
guess this is kind of like my coming-out
story
hahaha marks and Twila leave Shane's
house and head back to Tyler's apartment
the entire car ride both were silent the
only voice that was speaking was coming
from the radio they reached our
apartment complex both get out of the
car and walk up to Tyler's apartment
we're back in the apartment now and
tireless still wasn't talking to me I
wasn't sure if at first is because I
told him about my secret or what he
started acting really octa round me I
need to break this uncomfortable silence
Tyler how are you feeling fine
why Road I've been acting a bit
different since I announced me being by
Akane's
I have oh I don't mean that to come
across sorry oh that's okay I was just
worrying because you didn't say anything
in the car ride back here I could tell
by the look in his face that it wasn't
you wanted to talk to someone very badly
and I was the only one around but I kept
shutting him out sorry for that I'm
still just trying to process the news
you told us I still can't believe you're
bi well I can't believe it I'm bi I'm
trying to well this isn't a sin
I know sooner or later we'll be all fine
but I just don't want this awkwardness
now what can I do to get over it okay so
now I better make a video for my channel
I wonder how I should address this I
guess I should start this like a normal
video then just dive right into it no
hesitations hello today I have something
a bit serious to talk to you guys about
okay I'm not going to beat around the
bush when I say this so here it goes
everyone I am bisexual well I guess that
wasn't as hard as I thought it was going
to be but yes everyone I am bi but yes
this is all I wanted to tell you so
goodbye like good coming-out story it's
a big moment this huge thing and you're
sharing it with someone for the first
time and he's very brief and seems I you
know he's not even sure really I then
shut the camera off and uploaded it to
the computer and debated on if I should
that shot rode it or not should i yes I
should no I shouldn't
yes Markus Lloyd but like you should I
kept telling myself this and the next
thing I know the videos up and had three
thousand eight hundred ninety views in
just five minutes things are still kind
of weird between me and Marcus I want to
change that but how new message from
Sawyer Hartman hey what's up hey Sawyer
I'm not serving you just thinking about
things because I wanted to know if you
wanted to hang out with Joey Luke and me
tonight and maybe go bowling oh that
sounds fun but do you iack Marcus counts
with us
they said the more the merrier great
I'll go tell him don't eat a lot for
dinner we might go someplace after
bowling
risque well I guess that was kind of
perfect timing hopefully this will kill
the awkward tension between us marks POV
I should probably check some of the
comments on the coming out video gets
laptop and checks video wow the
responses are way more supportive than I
thought well yeah I mean we haven't
found that much out from that chapter
moving on - it's now or never
the little authors know at the intro
warning this part is the r-rated part I
hope you like it so that's what we'll be
coming back to you next time guys hope
you liked the video make sure to give it
a big thumbs up if you do and I'll see
you tomorrow with another video bye
