hey howdy hoody haha but he be to be the
BB I have been sent this guy's channel
called Lee Fox
what he does is videos called YouTube
gender-bender Marcus Butler as a woman
is what I'm going to watch looked on a
channel what he tends to do is gets
popular youtubers and changes their
gender haven't watched one video yet so
I don't know what it is and I've left it
open to that so that we're gonna see
what it's like together I'm very
intrigued it has good thumbs up as well
so it's not like one of those things
that pretends to be good and isn't good
I'm quite intrigued just to see how this
is gonna go so there style play okay
okay very good photoshop skills I'm
guessing what's he doing here
it's to kind of like oh wow okay he's
narrowed my face already and blah and
softened my skin okay so it's tweaking
ER this is gonna be weird
this is gonna be really weird as now
eyes make my eyebrows then I want thin
eyebrows up thick bushy eyebrows what
the hell whoa I want to be this skilled
at Photoshop on he's like smoothing them
oh this is very real strange okay so
he's like smoothing patching to get rid
of the beard stubble you'll double back
then to no much got bit more now can be
harder today was a lot of stuff to get
rid of sorry this a manly girl also a
lot I love to know how long this
actually takes this is sped up with this
take like an hour or 20 minutes or three
hours Oh looks so Justin Bieber you've
no beard what the hell isn't that crazy
like the difference eyebrows have in
terms of how feminum it's made me look
already what oh oh yeah give me some
Taylor Swift lashes why not how'd you do
this there you go there's the lashes
I've actually a very small Roy - is so
love having a nice be old pair
this is fascinating bottom ones always
going all out for this hurts make me
real funny yeah what though
Oh making my little pink ah oh my god
what the hell this is so cool but so
creepy Oh hmm I look like a doll I
literally look like a doll
this is like I've got goosebumps
watching this well we go oh is this my
outfit is my chest there's gonna be my
chest and out there oh no or hair hair
I'll don't put my face
oh god on that body huh there's a rib
how weird would it be if there's someone
that actually looks like this in the
world as well let's look at try not to
cry I don't know why I want why my eyes
watering of this I look like Justin
Bieber no I look I look like who do I
look like Oh God my mind is blown my
mind is literally blown that is the
creepiest thing I've ever seen ah this
is so because they haven't actually
change anything of me they haven't like
changed my eyes my nose my mouth all
they've done is made my eyebrows a
little bit thinner giving me eyelashes
put lipstick on and then put my face on
the body so I mean that's quite a quite
a big procedure but would you think
think I'm hot think I'm real sexy boys
all the boys out there what do you think
and girls who knows - but I think could
be Martha Martha could be into girls
could be into boys could be into both so
girls and boys what do you think I mean
still looking at it but I can't I can't
I've really is that this what would be
like if I have a baby girl oh but I'd be
happy if I had kids that look like that
by Justin Bieber women
yeah grand well I hope you enjoyed this
video I certainly did if you did and
maybe we can react to other because
there was loads of other youtubers and
stuff like that so if you want more let
me know otherwise I will see you
beautiful people tomorrow good bye
