hello hi I look extremely tanned in this
light I am tan I've been a holiday so I
guess I have got a slight golden tan
also looks like I'm in a launderette
just my washing but yeah I'm sorry we've
got little bit different strands that
the M light is on though so we're just
gonna roll with it all right
if you can identify 75% of these
languages on site you're probably a
genius not really sure what this is but
guess the language challenge huh hi
saket - ya know me quieres eso es lo que
mas me here Spanish I know that Spanish
for sure actually
or is it pull keys I think it's Spanish
bocce
I don't remember that's not Spanish I
think it's Portuguese won't let me
change my answer so good be there and
now to see canter I can't
that's Italian Viva and now Terry ganya
des FL ease canta canta a canter a
bellezza desam eternal aprendiz um it's
really embarrassing that's not spat if
it's not tallying so I've just done it
in Italian
oh it's Portuguese okay so I was right
with Spanish that's Portuguese good ha
Korean Japanese Chinese well you're
asking the right person here because I
know all three languages actually so I
can clearly tell that that is actually
Korean no I meant Chinese yeah
meant Chinese things lip Hindi Vietnam
Vietnamese Vietnamese Vietnamese or
Korean again I I know that is Hindi I
just know it is there we go
I was pretty confident now I'm not just
saying it I was pretty confident because
I remember in religious studies in
school and it's always you draw your we
only did we touch on it's very very
basically and I remember drawing the
line or everything was written under the
line which is there so that's why I
thought it was Hindi Brillion Japanese
Chinese that's actually cream there we
go I mean the other was Chinese so how
cool is
Chinese symbols so much cooler than an A
or B but also gonna get deep here isn't
it so weird to think that what that
Chinese phrase says something there
right here I have literally no idea what
that says but to a billion people around
the world maybe more 1 1/2 billion
people they'll read that like I just
read English and know exactly what it
means it's so weird how there's so many
languages in the world that all mean
similar things but written differently
different symbols different characters
but they all mean the same thing ok that
no it's not I was about to say that's
Arabic but then the one beneath don't
don't do this to me
where have I been that speaks Arabic I
think that is Arabic no it's not as I do
that one's Arabic there we go
at least one of them I got right I'd
love to be able to attempt to read that
but I just don't know I don't know why I
says I love ivory wider it should
translate what it says at the end
actually that'd be a learning experience
then more volson do Desi's open form del
VZ del del v pass a set week owns a food
tray a fond du livre de memphis French I
am a very talented French speaker I
studied the subject very much when I was
at school I love I love I love the
French accent however I do not really
really remember much from my school days
did I blood loss that in has to add was
said for mich dass s german sprechen
stood which thus is which translate
German right now actually have you seen
the match something food I don't know I
don't know it's like means Chinese
Korean Japanese that is Japanese this is
a Cossack that's Russian I'm lit I'm
cool me Marcus language Butler why No
you don't ask white cringe actually well
we've had the other so this is Persian
boo asking catalyst ensign Tesla mule
cincin Turkish what's amazing actually
is there are people watching this video
from all around the world who speak
these languages so if you're from a
country or you can speak this language
where this language is spoken
please say it say like where you're from
and translate the phrase because that'll
be interesting to Tron toy Kong tienda I
have no idea if that's how you say it so
Filipino ah Vietnamese I won't be going
to Vietnam soon very soon actually might
be so that's fun be some vlogs from
there well it's not Korean
I think it's Hebrew but I could possibly
be wrong which I am okay don't kill me
but I I don't I've never heard of any of
these three it's that bad that's
probably quite bad so it's it Bo no it's
not
Bengali Hindu Punjabi I I want to go
Bengali
I think it's Punjabi gemba jolly yes
don't love my last minute choice in a
nod in a ghost at Hallows hindi canna
matter now pact tapos Babolat hmm yeah
tai tai ah 4p no sorry i knows a lot of
you from the philippines watch my videos
sorry sorry sorry ah calm in Lenna bad
school v come again let us danish know
if you can get 75% these languages
you're on site you're probably a genius
you got 11 out of 19 right so close and
yet so far so what was my percentage
BuzzFeed didn't tell me that but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video all right bye
