yo was that beautiful sexy people today
we're reacting to top
oh isn't that fit in here that plane
probably can't hear it we're reacting to
top Boeing 747 cross windstorm landings
takeoffs touch-and-go 26 million views
is that Irene odd it is but I guess is
just my Edmonds really funny this big on
me I guess it's just watching planes
nearly crashing which is going to make
me feel funny and if you're scared to
fly don't watch this video
oh whoa oh is he like seeing how you can
wheelie for well just took off again
what why but the planes wheel was even
out on this one where are the wheels
seriously where are the wheels
no not gonna get the wheels out Oh Suze
now just like ah oh my god oh oh my god
oh my god that may be food what the hell
why's everyone crap in it looks like
it's gonna fall Luther Jennifer does not
look like a safe place to eat right now
Jesus Greg needed that almost sounds
like me
the wheels are now
so here that loose normal okay no
there's a lot of water on that track Wow
planes are so big oh my there is so much
water
shifting hell all my tab that water I
want to be on that beach where is that
that plane literally so it's going
straight for the rest of the camera at
least he's got his wheels out oh my god
surely you could reach that that's
mental
planes fascinate me seriously that how
is something that big just floating
through the air it's so smooth as well
but right now probably not when it lands
also look so it's not how fast at all
yeah why there's so many sets of wheels
all the bird Oh uh-huh
well that birds dead so weird very close
to the water oh my god what the hell is
literally so close
hey this plane looks like it is wobbling
all over the shop oh my god whoa look
how much that's wobbling is it literally
in slow motion doesn't it the way it's
just like floating through person expert
close to the plane great zooming in on
that Oh oh my god oh oh he's
absolutely bought that isn't it
absolutely bought with that you can't
land the plane when you're like that
maybe he's had a few too many coffees
wheels going back in he's like now sorry
guys just flight off somewhere else now
nothing was too severe like it was any
crashes thank God touchwood but it's
more of the fact like takeoff doesn't
scare me on our plane at all
flying doesn't scare me it's always the
landing when you're coming down a little
bit bumpy it's a little bit windy
landing is always well I feel like if
something's gonna go wrong that's
roasting a wrong which is a bit stupid
because the amount of time you're
actually flying in an air flying through
the air on something that weighs a
ridiculous amount planes the science
isn't it how does it work
my maths teacher used to try and explain
to us how it worked with a piece of
paper you still hold a piece of paper
and fold it and you used to always talk
about the aerodynamics I mean it clearly
didn't leave a lasting impression on me
but if anyone would like to sum up how
planes work in one paragraph to educate
me and everyone else we would appreciate
that here at Moore Marcus hey hope you
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
to give a big thumbs up I don't see you
tomorrow man on video bye
