hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
the channel welcome to today's video
today's video I'm very very excited for
it's a trying video obviously always
introduce videos like it's a drawing
videos this and you obviously know by
the title of the video but I'm very
excited because it is a trying video and
trying childhood cereals things I see as
a kid growing up although whyme interest
is knows if they're still kind of around
now if you guys eat them now or things
like that but we're just gonna jump into
it if you could see the floor is covered
in boxes of cereal and my mum I don't
know what to stop thing gonna start one
of my all-time faves I literally used to
love these so much and that is because
Sugar Puffs we've taken things out of
the packaging because they're to carry
so much stuff and you can fit it all in
so this is a big old bag of Sugar Puffs
oh my god I'm gonna start by just
opening this now oh my god oh look at
that
you used to love when you're a cluster
like that it's triple sugar that is what
they're called honeypot
I'm just I'm too like tight even start
okay I a hundred percent used to just
eat cereal out of the box with my hand
did anyone else do that or was that just
weird are you sir
late at night as well so I'm gonna do
two things and first can just try some
oh my god they are amazing
oh I have actually got a bowl where I'm
gonna pour some in there just like
enough to have with some milk because
we've got a lot of cereal to get through
I'm going to be using almond milk
because I don't drink regular milk here
we go we got it with the mill Oh
Tana hmm ten out of ten I'm not short
out and healthy nurse 10/10 tastes
delicious next on our list of cereals is
these were one of my other faiths we
chose oh my god chocolate we've doubt
even if they called chocolate we took I
just met the packaging with the crazy
like professor on the front of them
oi we are the ones if you don't know
what there should be it's describing on
our they kind of just circular chocolate
things so go get them in the bowls the
best thing with we toes was to let it
soak a bit so your milk became
chocolatey the milk in here we go oh
they make me so happy oh my god my
childhood I would like at least around
do you guys eat these cereals now I'm
sorry also 10 out of 10 for me next up
we've got the older older nuggets
now I actually wasn't really fan of
these my sister and Step Brothers at the
time used to love these bloody love them
Heidi was obsessed with these like I
said I never really had them oh it's
been quite disappointed when we'd run
out of over cereal and this was all that
left I had to have a bowl of that I was
like ah get them in though get them in
that cereal bowl oh bit too much I also
always used to weigh over Paul my cereal
people used to do that okay here we go
a big old spoonful now just spit taste
this I mean that crunch is amazing
just lacking that sort of well taste
drop the old multipack game now I'm not
just I feel like I've said are these are
my faves
these actually used to be one of my fav
Frosty's I love for us these are the
dinies cuz that is how you're on it
I bloody love Frosty's a lot of sugar in
them so these small packages one me of
my grandma's cuz when I went stay there
she'd always get the mold to pack them
and let's not lie no one's having one of
those that one of those is not
I'd always have to operate I have a
feeling I'm not gonna like prosthesis
much anymore don't know what I've got
them in the bowl we gotta get that milk
in no cuz then right get them involved
oh they all show the difference so
crunch Jim ten out of ten oh my god I
forgot how much I love frosties I have
probably not had Frosty's in over ten
years that's sad isn't it
right next we've got a hugely popular
cereal I feel this was hugely popular at
school I feel like all my friends like
this and I never really liked it
shred e's shredded wheat frosted
shredded wheat actually I just remember
like I don't think I liked them anyways
I'm this one quite looking towards
trying him but why did love was the choc
maybe chocolate shreddies they were the
ones getting bold Oh Freddie's at my pad
they were the ones I out of box yeah
just sort of taste out that's what I'm
saying I never really liked them there's
just a bit too crunchy
I should have any more milk put a lot of
milk in it get involved get involved mmm
they're all good it's the milk that
helps the reason I say that is because
the milk softens them a bit and then you
just get this like ahh deliciousness
throughout your mouth I keep saving
these I didn't really have these in much
oryx I feel like they weren't around in
my childhood but I've definitely had
them bloody love them brave we all know
crave chocolate in the middle I mean not
healthy
me and Stephanie actually had this on a
cheat day not that long ago so they're
kind of like square almost like pillows
and inside is a hazelnut chocolate quite
good Tony a minute
no no I'm probably getting it up hey yes
I say quite good because I'm really not
a fan of hazelnuts I just don't really
like hazelnuts hazelnut chocolate can't
really now my only exception is Nutella
because that's not that hazelnutty but
hazelnuts as them I just really disliked
them so for me doesn't really do it
again one that I didn't really have my
sister loved Rice Krispies but these
ones in me I feel like these in the
adverts were the ones where yeah
crap pop and crap Pipal and pop or
something like that because when you
pour the milk over it goes a tiny tiny
little crispy balls like tiny left tiny
teeny tiny tiny little balls alright
let's have a quick check it's in the
milk that is cool it does actually crack
that is cool I don't know how that works
that that is cool
alright oh yeah again just a little bit
tasteless on these ones that's why I
didn't like them alright we're moving on
to that suit classic here Coco Pops I
nearly went kids in grown-ups love it so
the happy world of Coco Pops is Harry
Berg don't they have a song Coco Pops
okay I used to be like swinging through
the jungle it's like wherever bowl of
Coco Pops I think we can clearly tell
whether in my childhood
I liked very chocolatey things and
things that would have covered in sugar
same thing again you just poured them in
the milk and you just definitely hope
that your milk would turn chocolatey get
involved get involved I can smell them
already they are so good oh they're like
Rice Krispies just reach up on them
that's what I like for me it's a
chocolate cereal I think I'd still
choose the wee toes over those though
just saying this has brought back so
much nostalgia for me like said I I
guess these are still around now because
when he was still able to buy them but
are there new cereals that are out now
that you guys eat what kinds of things
do you have for breakfast because these
are literally all the series that I used
to have in my house growing up actually
the only other ones we had on top of
this we have Weetabix and Jordans
country crisps all that was a classic
that that was my one of my favorites but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
British childhood cereals insight
especially to those of you that watch
around the world because you may never
seen those before so I hope you guys
enjoyed the video give a thumbs up if
you did and I'll see you tomorrow open
up on the bait
