hello you beautiful sexy people horny oh
my water over look at this in the
nightmares we're going to continue the
old episodes we're about halfway through
this book turn you to this series I got
this book I'm reading through crazy
tinder nightmares I've seen some you've
been tweeting me actually they've got
your own tinder nightmares so if you've
got anything the nightmares of your own
that you want to share leave in the
comment section but without further ado
strange requests just when you think
you've heard it all you find out that
there are people out there you have
fetches and decides your mother did not
warn you about I'm sure I want to read
into this it sure is cold out mind if I
use your thighs as humor
it was quite funny they didn't get
response bless em hey beautiful you down
for some fun wing face no response
two hours later I got a nice cock the
old lady says alright good can I be
completely honest with you I want to
spread I can't believe it's not butter
all over your kneecaps and slide you
down a bowling lane
that sounds quite fun none of these
people get a response do you be open to
filling your ass with whipped cream and
farting it into my mouth no response
there ah here's John good old John hey
yo girl do you squirt what kind of
response you think you're gonna get to
that Matt Anne sometimes when I'm lonely
I go to the store then I buy all of the
marinara sauce then I go home and fill
up the bathtub I slowly submerged myself
into the sauce and then curl up and
pretend I'm a meatball
pretty sure you're not going to get an
Italian day out of that Lucas all right
Lucas buddy how often are you nude
around your family have you ever heard
of tinder nightmares whose nude around
their family Scott Wow you must be the
strongest woman on earth
ha definitely thinking of strong enough
to lift my enormous cock now he's
probably striving to punch in your
annoying arrogant face can I make you my
girlfriend so I could in your beautiful
face mmm no response you and I are
locked in a room for 24 hours I'm
wearing my Spartan costume a new cowgirl
costume complete with assless chaps we
have two jars of grape jelly a twister
mat a full shower with a detachable
vibrating head and the Titanic
soundtrack what happens next
are the creativity there you know quite
quite thoughtful what happens next
though probably play twister to Titanic
soundtrack Hector hi nice response hi
generally I want you to have me in a
collar naked and treating me like a dog
make me eat you whenever you want
dogs eat their owners whenever they want
I think so Brian let's snort a mountain
of Molly and casually finger paint each
other's naked bodies before watching
Netflix until my hamon expires and in
the morning I've cook you breakfast
great offer I'm in well first we have to
test your finger paint abilities
I don't want lame on me you know didn't
get response after that was so random
Noah what's your BMI was your body mass
index go and tell me oh I think this is
gonna be a fun chapter shot down like
hitting a home run out
up there are a few feelings more
wonderful than taking a creep down a few
pages Walker
Roseanna you remind me of my big toe if
this is the banging me on the table pick
up line let me stop you right there
didn't reply ha ha ha this is really
good Doug I swear loads of people called
Doug on tinder hey down for a quickie a
quick conversation sure bye I love you
that's what my dad said before he left
d-ohh
mood killer hey lover what you up to one
of me nah me neither
you're very attractive and pretty you're
very redundant and repetitive sometimes
just accept the compliment that I get
when people being creepy need shutdown
but sometimes just be like you know what
Thank You Martin
want to get moist horrible choice of
words it was quite funny so on Landon
this is his name Landon he just goes sex
female you quite with you that this is
pretty intense
Robbie you know Ike rule through 100
miles of broken glass just to suck the
gut of the last guide of their response
do you want his number I can make it
happen if you're serious Oh Oh Timothy
does it make me a bad person if I just
want to talk to you and not really
commit after but that's what your dad
said to your mum and then you appeared
bird motherfucka
Thomas you remind me of an Oreo cookie
dough top because I want to spread your
legs and eat the good stuff in between
Oreos have legs ah Henry will you ride
me like the guy and pip number three
well considering that's a picture of me
and my 92 year old grandpa I'm going to
have to pass and that is gonna round up
episode four or five I've seen the
nightmares I hope you're enjoying it
make sure to give the video a thumbs up
if you are and if you wanna see more and
I'll see you beautiful people tomorrow
in on video all right bye
