what is that beautiful sexy people
I'm invest which means guess what's back
oh yeah it's fan picture and guess what
it's a new story this is
milah the love story
Tyler Oakley is a well-known youtuber
his friend Marc's butter is coming over
for a party with many other well-known
youtubers hey what time is it we have to
be at King Caesar like 8:00 I don't want
to be late because of you well aren't
you just a magical rainbow today Marcus
walked over to the bar from and stood in
the door frame behind me I was just
inspecting myself in the mirror to see
if I looked fine
that wasn't a floor I could find Marx's
POV I was watching Tyler as he checked
himself in the mirror it was actually
kind of cute when he did that wait did I
really just think Tyler was cute I'm
done now let's get this show on the road
okay am i driving or are you so I'll
Drive please try not to get too drunk
tonight remember you you're driving us
back to your place well don't drink at
all don't worry I know not to get too
shit-faced you on the other hand should
take it easy and be the one not to drink
too much last time I want to party with
you you got so ship-based that you
pissed yourself well I'm sorry I like to
have a little too much fun sometimes as
we were walking over to the elevators we
noticed a sign that said soaring out of
order please use the stairs let's go
then I said to Tyler he went ahead of me
as we walked up the stairs I couldn't
help but notice Tyler's bumpers looking
great in the jeans he was wearing I mean
if I'm unsure on sexuality it's very
yeah it doesn't sound unsure it's very
straight in there like finding Tyler q
what is with me today first I think
Tyler's cute and now here's a nice bum I
don't know maybe it's just the jetlag
though this is some random lines in the
middle of this disclaimer I wrote the
first nine and a half chapters when I
was 12 so anything in the first nine and
a half chapters 10 for my 12 draw and
wine set anything after that it's for my
15 year old mindset good to know
oh bloody hell second chapter a kiss
question mark okay this is definitely I
wanted raunchiness from the last song
we're definitely gonna get that only
Tyler finds Kingsley's apartment and
knocks on the door to be let him hey
guys come on in all right enough
chitchat out in the hall can we do this
on the inside
Marcus went to get drink and I went to
mingle with people hey Shane hey Tyler
how's it going Shane doesn't sound like
that who was that who came with you oh
that was Marcus Marcus POV I forgot my
drink I noticed Tyler talking with I
think Shane I decided to walk over
because I don't think we've actually met
only twitted at each other
you can tell it's written by 12 god
bless ho we speak of the devil Shane
this is Marcus Butler his voice is
changing all the time
hi nice to finally meet you sticks hand
out to shape hi nice to finally meet you
too
so Shane I've watched some of your
videos and they're something I tell you
well Shane I was gonna tell you that
text you this but since you're here do
you think you want a collab video with
me or Marcus oh yeah that would be fun
great I'll text you tomorrow and come
maybe one of your characters could be
involved or something Wow it's 12:30
already well it's kind of late I better
find Marcus where would he hurt be
probably in the kitchen getting
shit-faced
no surprise there he was getting
shit-faced Marcus is kind of late I
think we should go Marcus did you hear
me hey Tyler what do you do great
he was shit-faced oh you should try this
it's really good no Marcus is time to
lead but oh dude covers mouth and runs
over to garbage it can then pukes
Tyler walked over to the garbage next to
Marcus and put one hand on his back
rubbing it oh yeah then it all come out
marks then starts puking and Rob's his
mouth with his hand
Tyler helps marks up and puts one of his
arm around his neck they go out the door
and head down to Tyler's car Marcus
pukes again almost getting someone Tyler
that was a little close to me sorry I
couldn't help it now let's get you back
to my place they reached the apartment
building and go upstairs as Tyler open
the door his apartment markers pulled
him in and kissed him oh okay as well
built up so not only is marks gone for a
kiss
he's also kissing him with a vom email
what the was that marks didn't
answer but when to kiss me again I
pushed him off me once more oh yeah
I love you Tyler
sure you do Marcus let's get you inside
you can go lay down
what was that kiss about and that you
said he loved me does he have a crush on
me if so then I guess but he's straight
though so that wouldn't make any sense
if you had a crush on me
I woke up with a big headache God how
much did I have to drink last night
pulls out phone 12:42 oh good I didn't
sleep the whole day away caught 2 1
I mean slept quite a lot the day away
Marcus sees Tyler in the chair a kitchen
table on tumblr looking at some gifts oh
how Tyler oh wow you're finally up I
didn't do it if you stupid did i if you
don't call it kissing me and tell me you
love me something stupid then no not
really
wait what yeah last night you kissed me
and blurted out that you love me
oh dude not yes you did oh my
god I didn't really tell him I love him
well I don't really remember what
happened so maybe he was tricking me ha
ha very funny jokes over now please tell
me the truth now I'm not joking
you really kissed me but of course you
weren't really shit-faced I had to help
you to get up here I'm sorry if I was
only trouble last night it was fine and
besides I know you do think me Oh next
time you're driving because you know I
love to drink
ok deal ha oh thank god he thinks I
kissed him because I was so hammered now
I just need time to think to myself do I
really love Tyler he is cute I will
admit that but I do still like women
right yeah of course I do I definitely
still like women but why am i developing
feelings for Tyler he is one of my
closest friends
is that it ahh there are too many
unanswered questions what am I going to
do guess we're gonna leave this one here
next up is the video a shame so Marcus
see appears to be bisexual is it in love
with Tyler perhaps are they gonna bang
who knows but hey fan fiction is back I
hope you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up
if you did and I'll see you tomorrow
with another video alright
