all right partners Cooper Rowland it's
not my intro how's it going you're
beautiful sexy people welcome to an
educational video education was used
loosely on this channel
when I say educational usually involves
sex you know sexual education sexual
education is important doesn't get
taught enough in school can you pass
this middle school set oh I got a middle
school sex ed Sam I never had a middle
school sex education I don't have a sex
education exam now how cool that would
be also I'm sure those boys would be
quite horny about that here we go number
one the sperm swims up the vagina
through the uterus and finds the egg
waiting in their pinups testicle ah shit
the fallopian tube that's where the egg
comes out of right the ovum not sure
what the open is the ovary that's like
where the baby grows
I think the ovary I don't know call the
fallopian tube so I don't actually know
I'm talking about so this is good start
the blank or male reproductive cell
carries chromosomes from the father the
sperm will come on that's so well yes
that's easy is I'm a boy yes the first
one is easier if you're a girl maybe
because you know your body's better the
following actions could result in
pregnancy except unprotected sexual
intercourse sexual intercourse with a
broken condom sperm finding an egg not
having sex this is so easy not over
drugs correct it's many of you already
having sex anyway and it's best to
practice safe sex acne or pimples might
appear on your face during puberty so
you should wash your face as often as
possible three times a day once in the
morning twice a day I'm going twice a
day yes yes
what does a boy typically experience
during puberty spontaneous erections
ovulation wet dreams menstruation Brett
wet dreams and spontaneous erections I'm
going to go over that the last one and
I'm right
wet dreams and spontaneous erections
number six how many chromosomes do we
get from our father I remember learning
this but none of these ring about 46
individual chromosomes 23 individual
chromosomes 23 chromosome pairs 46
chromosomes pair from your father
I think it's 23 a thing you get 23 from
each I think is individual oh my god
science yes a human baby has 23
chromosome pairs we get 23 individual
chromosomes from the mother and 23
individual chromosomes from the father
you know what guys if you're at school
and any of these questions come up in
your exam you should think of this video
and if you have to ever show your
workings or tell someone how you know
send them my way
so what's the correct sequence of the
four stages of vagina trial birth huh I
haven't got a clue
oh my god literally haven't got a clue
placental contractions dilation
expulsion ah if I lift you down repeat
clip I want to say contractions is where
it's like ah like the baby's coming
right dilation is that your waters
breaking expulsion the baby
exploding out of you I mean it doesn't
explode out of you but you know coming
out of you and then placental just in
your like goo that's my theory
oh my god absolutely know that the third
stage of labor is when the placenta is
expelled from the womb number eight what
hormone is released by the hypothalamus
the hypothalamus
what's the hypothalamic in males and
females at the beginning of puberty
adrenaline north nor Natha nor pine
frying that's definitely not right lore
pinna freen I'm sorry
progesterone ah yes the gana dough touch
the gonadotropin-releasing hormone but
it's obviously progress drone oh no it's
not as the Ghana tropic triplet they're
GnRH how many extra calories does a
pregnant woman need to consume each day
double the amount of Kara she normally
consumes ah only two to three hundred
well actually I guess that makes sense
because I'm thinking I have about two
and a half to three thousand calories a
day actually probably three to three and
a thousand calories a day but I'm quite
big so a baby isn't very big is it so
yeah you don't want to overfeed what is
the response what is responsible for the
transport of sperm from the epididymis
to the ejaculatory ducts a nice picture
I think it's the your honor the urethra
is above that do you mind are the vast
difference who woulda known a who would
have known number eleven sexual
intercourse is when the penis is put in
the vagina the vagina is put in the
penis a sperm finds an egg a woman
find out if she's pregnant the male and
female genitals sit next to each other
no it's is the penis is put into the
vagina yes correct
you got seven out of 11 right you passed
the test you know enough about human
anatomy biology and basic sexual
practices to survive middle school with
flying colors I'm Dale I can survive
middle school but I hope you've learned
something from this video that's the
main thing I hope you got out of it that
you've gone away and you've understood
something that you didn't know before
this video I've certainly understood a
few things from this so hey we're all
learning give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with another video all right
love you guys bye
