ooh don't bring to Lucas but hey room
tour yes
blow everybody welcome to my room tour
video my hotel room so where we are
let's stop this way you just disturb me
and my robe also the hotels don't make
slippers for people with wide feet do
they go very wide feet easily to see my
foots very wide it's a struggle when I
was a kid it was always a struggle II
know he's Clark's and getting the shoes
I was had to get a little special
machine because I had to wifey then I'm
telling that the pleasant room that
we've got here over to the right-hand
side there is no light so please if you
struggle to see you will find an iron an
essential piece of equipment for any
budding shirt wear a safe that no one
actually ends up using some drawers for
wife I don't like your pants and
your full-length mirror net one of which
I'm very jealous off because I don't
have a falling mirror in my house so
anytime I see if went now I feel like I
have to stand in front of it always
wondered what these hotels what is that
put your luggage on it is that way for I
think so sure I'm not sure they're quite
want to test it out it's not a seat is
it you don't get on now sit sit down
what oh do you need to see there when
you've got two seats for free seats oh
and a bed the portability isn't it if
you want to sit in the in the cupboard
area of the bedroom is there's two
single beds it's quite nicely missing
well actually as a child again the whole
month I'm over the rooms quite messy
right now look at some cameras and
glasses set they're lying on the bed
that was given as a gift
I don't just travel with I mean I know
look thank you
we've got hair as well see when you have
a hair that needs to look soft it's
important to travel with essential items
to not let her get ruined this is so I
can shower and my hair doesn't get wet
so yeah it stands out like this very
cold and bright
Midler walkers feels like November one
of my favorite things about this hotel
has been plates of fruit that we got
given I walked in the room yesterday
there's no big plate of fruit some
apples have some berries strawberries
fly to a selection
I had a few yeah popped a few
strawberries in the mouth left to go and
do my panel came back there's fresh
raspberries on the plate amazed that my
suitcase in the corner yeah over here we
have there's always a desk in a hotel
isn't there's always a desk area I guess
that's good there's a lot of you do you
work I need a desk area
good good that's this is where the magic
some silver shampoo use this today
bloody brilliant
I wash my hair in a week use it it's up
it's like white blending in
there's a sixth question I'd like an
answer why why is there always phone
next to the toilet what's the seriously
when you're doing your business who even
who you calling this is private time for
you and your private parts well you
don't you don't cause um you don't sit
there
oh you aren't mom yeah house again
actually I've dumped right now let's
catch up oh we gonna be cool room seven
run out of toilet paper
this is also a very interesting shower
head doesn't Dyson would have invented
yeah that's true Dyson fact I fought the
UM the shower head was missing actually
from the middle that's a shower head
yeah it is working shower works with a
shower
ah I hope you guys enjoy this video
obviously I'm like completely taking the
piss with everything I'm saying so yeah
I hope you enjoyed it it's just a fun
little video whilst here in Edinburgh so
yeah doing it times like we did and I'll
see you tomorrow another video goodbye
