how's the guard browse oh my god
it's cute that's awful I was good at one
point has got bears my name is PewDiePie
Mouse Bella has gap guys has he kept
haha
Yuda f camera no please all time has
camera my peopie doesn't have a lisp
hey what's kind of you was a see people
today we're going to be finding out how
many kids I'm going to have which image
best speaks to your soul let's say
actually before we start this in my head
I'm like I think I'd like three kids two
or three I like the idea of three
because I was a child of three middle
child middle was the best better than
all the rest speaks to your switch image
best speaks to your soul the bottom left
is inviting me in best feature so it's
got bomb left looks incredible which of
these places would be best to go on
vacation oh okay so we've got a tropical
island
we've got snowboarding holiday we've got
Safari we've got is that like India
something cultural Vegas party up in
here or Venice I think that is it's
really hard because I I would like every
single one of those holidays in one but
if I had to choose one right now I love
the idea of lying on that bit icon lie
that palm tree lying on to that palm
tree on that sand maybe even climbing up
that palm tree to grab my own coconut
bloody hell I want to be there right now
what is your favorite type of food
Mexican food Japanese food American food
Italian food Chinese food soul food
what's soul food soul food stop singing
to you I love I love like three the top
three Mexican Japanese American food I
love what do I love the most
it's even met ah but Merrigan food the
sleep de Vries there conside I'm going
Mexican how old were you when you lost
your virginity 13 or younger fourteen to
sixteen seventeen to nineteen twenty to
twenty-two twenty-three or older I'm
still a virgin what sex I'm still a
virgin
what is your ideal date the movies a
surprise date a carnival Fair anything
outdoors a night out on the town an
extravagant romantic dinner the movies I
love the movies if you're comfortable
with this person like if it's a first
day the movies is awful it's to be
honest because you need to get to know
this person and you just go sit in a
dark room stuffing your face with
popcorn in silence watching a film con
warfare is always gonna be fun
surprise day I can really have carnival
fare oh here we go
you got four children you will be
complete with four kids your kids will
always bring happiness and laughter to
your home for I mean I'm not the one
that's gonna have to go through giving
birth to them but for that's that feels
like a lot but hey if this thing's
predicting my future if y'all have four
kids who knows how many kids that's
theirs today's question of the day I
know we don't always have a question a
day but today's question today how many
kids do you want what do you think you
want let me know in the comment section
and yeah I hope you enjoyed this video
give a thumbs up if you did and I'll see
you tomorrow
and I'm video bye
