hello everybody look at this this is
different seven bloody how is this
person sat next to me
look him it's Matt hi Matt is the guy
who's behind the camera in a lot of
videos and I was like you know what I
think it's about time we stick him in
front of the camera see if he can handle
it
three year I've got good out of the
source box here we're in Scotland for
work and just thought it would be fun to
do a video together trying source box I
don't need to describe this because I've
done probably six or seven videos on it
you guys know what source box is I know
most the snack table tea in here and
probably tried most the snacks in here
you haven't this is gonna be dipping
your feet in a fresh water
babbu water Joe sucks favourite is that
dead moth oh my god it's oh my god oh my
god oh my days
I've already gonna pro what's that did
you not ever used to touch more than you
younger there they leave like my hair
they leave like a shift on business
whether you're looking batteries as well
not guys have you ever licked about you
know the chunky batteries have you ever
licked one and it gives you a tongue and
electric tingle why would you do that
though I don't get as cool shows the
batteries were two moths and licking
battery yeah I had a good childhood
yeah fact that bamboo water here we go
have a sit it smells like um apple juice
does smaller apple juice doesn't yeah I
mean it's not as sweet I've if this was
cold in the fridge and I might and I
want to sign over them water I'd go for
that
hey these protein bucco these guys sent
me like a whole box the other day please
send me more so good they're like mini
little protein balls basically and that
cute girl Brandon hey it's quite cute
you know like but dive right in lemon
and pistachio
yes we got move we're fine man
my tongue pistacia makes it like mmm
that's what seemed nutty yeah you get a
nice little menu of sauce once as well
it tells you what everything is and it
gives you a nice little description
we've got creative nature super foods
peanut protein pea protein power bar
let's move on Semih grams protein truly
guilt-free snack pea protein is an
alternative to whey protein which is
probably the most popular which is a
vegan option I'm not vegan but I
actually use a vegan protein just
because I don't eat that much dairy dig
deep there oh yeah it's good for you I'm
a big peanut butter fan as well moving
on to the raw chocolate pho this one of
my favorite chocolate brands so much of
this stuff is just amazing I've had
these so I know they're made then what's
in that was a mulberry mulberry mmm the
berry
okay they look a bit like a really dried
out raspberry same again in spiral oh
we've had this Brandon talk to us before
I've had I love this brand they have
loads of cool products you found a kale
yeah I like it when it's dried what's
that what is it like crisps yeah pretty
much
yeah like kale chips crispy purple corn
chips that's really good oh he's gonna
take the pack straight out my hand isn't
it Emily
they're amazing okay that's my favorite
so far really interesting Olaf's we both
love olives yeah and I've stolen them
from you before yeah yeah yeah yeah the
other day actually when they're on my
table lemon and rosemary flavor
rosemary is one of my favorite herbs
yeah
well it's so good dried cranberries see
I don't like I hate cranberry juice I
hate when you go into a club and they're
like vodka cranberry oh yeah Oh jog on
what about cranberry and raspberry juice
no no I quite like that if it's mix of
rose be okay but when you drink
cranberry juice you're just like panties
really good for your skin isn't that
cranberry the
yeah learning something you hate
cranberry juice love cranberries weird
isn't it
yeah nice caught with only dried or when
just any cranberry all right round
resource like a roast no probably leave
it on the side all items they're not too
sweet
no really go I really like the dried
like fruits like strawberries and things
you get card in the mango we have got
planet organic organic is a shop in
London it's like a supermarket does
healthy healthy stuff we go there quite
long yeah it's really cool they make a
lot of their own foods as well as sell
loads of other things so this is one
their own cheer vanilla and hemp protein
raw and organic bar vanilla and that
some people don't like like really quite
dry ends which that is but he was really
nice flavor yeah also we've taught us we
always like throw in for example the raw
chocolate 20% discount on all the
products yabba's in organic
yeah but marte mate yeah but mate
if you ever may take a trip to the
tropics and refresh your taste buds with
these two teas patent review of them
mate you have Marte oh there's two
flavors actually peppermint and goddamn
mint as well roar gorilla munchies this
is kind of like I was gonna say like
granola Reed bites but it's more than
that more to it than that made it cool
they're like horrors of might I think we
have these in sorts while ago because I
was like rice cakes of granola mmm yeah
oh you mean like the granola hits the
spot raw cacao organic and alive why do
you like that when you have something
like that it's a small packet of it you
just you don't feel bad afterwards like
I'm hungry normally be like oh yeah go
get though three oh it's better yeah
that was really good and feels your
taste good makes you feel great source
box new tagline good for you
a little extra for this month these
cheer oil capsules are packed full of
mega 3 to support a healthy heart yeah
that pretty much rounds up this month's
sauce box you want sauce box I'll put a
link right there and I'll give you a
special discount that you can use
through using that's
link but yeah it ships once a month and
pretty cool so if you're interested in
it I'll put a link down there thank you
for watching this video I hope you
enjoyed it with Matt first video might
see more of it might not probably not
but yeah hope you guys enjoyed it and I
will see you tomorrow for my video good
bye I say bye oh just wait three two one
uh-huh three two one bye hello darkness
my old friend I say like guys bye
