hello hello hello beautiful sexy people
today we're going to jump straight into
this video cool optical illusions
compilation new HD
I love optical illusions don't know what
this video is gonna entail so let's just
have a look
are these glass ball things literally
dancer stood them understand them I went
to a festival once knows this guy who's
dinner on its head on his hands I find
them fascinating how does it work is it
just like movement that he's actually
touching and just moving it really
quickly I felt them as well they're
really heavy
no and surely if you just drop that that
you'd be absolutely pissed off glass
which is shatter everywhere he'll be
waiting a long time for his balls to
drop haha what's that
oh my going to take a roller coaster
track wait what but ah now that's like
cog spinning what the hell is so weird
but it's not you obviously it's not what
how does that work oh it's okay whoa Wow
so here we can wing windmill there's a
car on the wall but what ah yeah they
see me split up as I'm out what the hell
okay is the thing with that that's
really really cool when you're standing
at angle the rest of time on your wall
it's going like
if someone doesn't know that and see it
straight away they're just going why
have you got a car broken up across your
walls
okay what what MA what now I've seen
that yeah you can see it but that's so
weird I don't like watching that to make
me like hit feel hypnotized okay coins
and a Rubik's Cube ah it's gonna be like
flat or something isn't it
no what how how's the paper bent like
that
this is messing my mind I don't like it
come on change the angle that's it ah
Holland Park effect is a real mask huh
woo
so that's the outside but the insiders
uh what ha I can't look at that
so can you wear you can't wear it both
ways that's just how it looked about two
bunnies what there's one on the page and
ha ha what is a huge show in the printer
little bit Toy Story action and got is
so weird how angles make such an impact
on how something's viewed by your eyes
oh it's heads wool is heads moving can
this channel please get some better
music yeah I get that because that's
like glass
oh no I'm not near this am i I'm not any
of this ok how does that work here we go
guys look at my finger I don't know but
it's not see-through glasses it
what you shine Hana
I could honestly stare at that I could
sit and look at that all day oh I felt
me hypnotized by it so much is going on
but that last one was magical mesmerized
me Wow
yeah well I hope you liked this video if
you did make sure to give a big thumbs
up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video bye bye
