you buddy yo what's going on 600 my good
mood today we are team part in a new
video and you challenge I did on this
channel
guess the YouTuber book by its 1 star
review we're moving that forwards and
putting it into filmed so guess the film
by its 1 star review one star I hate
movies that make it all about what
little girls doll I hate movies that
make it all about what little girls one
female are taught they are entitled to
everything they want and it's a man's
job to move the entire universe to give
them what they want enough for female
entitlement movies Ghostbusters know so
it's a suit
Superman two years ago this new big film
they become super if them not super fun
sideline oh hang on then tuck is it is
it about gravity not gravity is it like
that kind of film similar yeah
Christopher Nolan's Chris Manolo yeah
in Stella yes I hate movies that make it
worry about what little girls want
talking about the little the little girl
in it what's the point question mark for
four years this movie chilled me to the
bone
it also sickened me because I couldn't
believe that someone would actually try
and profit off someone's death that
seemed pretty low
it wasn't until 2003 that a friend of
mine let me know this thing was a hope I
can never say this word hoax Hawks yeah
I never know how to say it
haven't got a clue is it an old film
yeah yeah nineties profit off someone's
death they thought they thought is a
real like based on based on real-life
event The Truman Show no no it was a
massive copper and a sequel was coming
out this year Star Wars horror horror
shaky-cam was the first wanted to be oh
I know yeah give it away straight away
Blair Witch Project yeah yeah because
I'm quite good with es so when you say
that that's quite easy as to yeah judges
giving away points too easily
great flick highly recommend it what
would one star review you sure this
movie has one star and that one star is
Ryan Gosling great flick
highly recommended the fuck yeah who
gives something one song recommends it
the notebook no oh it's a great flick
like a chick flick it can't be driving
economy drive
I guess oh yeah yes it's Drive great
flick and flick mean chick flick well
yeah normally and I say I mean flick is
a nice summer blockbuster oh yeah great
flick I mean they've got hatred for Ryan
Gosling but they loved the film he's a
big part of the film highly recommend it
huge disappointment I thought it was a
game show about food huge disappointment
but it was a game show about food how
dumb are you if you're buying this
yourself I don't even know what it is
but thought it was a game show about
food I want to say sausage party but
it's obviously not yeah is it cartoon or
real life real life I'm lost here okay
it was a franchise there is quite a few
films and it finished the event last
year Jurassic Park
oklet's food this is really hard
you meant the premiere of it Rudy don't
be so thick board game show about food
through disappointment as surely as a
troll that is surely that's the trouble
that can't be a real person worst piece
of junk I love Brian Roberts who's Ryan
Roberts but I hope some day his children
don't see it's moving they mean Ryan
Reynolds do that Ryan Reynolds go and
they could from Ryan Roberts that better
not be about the superhero film it isn't
hi what's your call
well you can just I want to what's it
called I saw it twice in the same I
loved it Deadpool yeah yeah correct
great film one star from gram weights
crap music from drugged-up twats okay
crap music from drug so is it a film
about music yeah and they they're on
drugs yes nobody talks like the film
that much why Tina yes Kevin is very
large last year I don't know a rap group
oh shit
dr. Dre Straight Outta Compton yes that
is amazing film don't look I did pretty
well on that challenge that was quite
hard you would nice with the clues as
well I was too easy so yeah next I'll be
hum but I did well overall so give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow with another video
bye
