Oh yo yo yo what's up beautiful sexy
people welcome welcome welcome how are
you doing today
as a question for you how are you doing
today I know lots of you probably had
exam results getting exam results it's
that kind of time so if you have had
them already I hope you did well if you
didn't do as well as you thought you're
gonna do it's not going to be the end of
the world you will be okay
not just because I'm sat here as a usual
going oh yeah all youtubers are fine
without exams but a lot of people you'll
find as you get older don't you don't
use your exams or your degree or the
things that you studied necessarily some
things you do and if you're gonna go
into a career with that great if you're
not don't worry too much about it we got
really deep then and I don't know why
because this video is nothing to do with
what I just talked about but hey there's
a little bit of Marcus Chafee can you
still recognize these celebs with a
snapchat filter who's the celeb Rocky
the purple lips who is that I want to
say cardi Jenna but always Camila
Cabello oh yeah who's this fake grams
that Cameron does that's Troy that's
Troy here we go
it's youth singer Troye Sivan who's
sporting a frown who is that
basil is a subset I'm going to miss
mongooses opening party Ashley Benson
Paris Hilton ah is Paris Hilton Paris
bloody Elton the queen of snapchat Paris
Hilton is in Kylie the queen of snapchat
who's stretched out faces this oh my god
throwback snapchat drem when you had the
time up there and you could see that
used to really stress me out and ice
always complain actually so if anyone's
doctorates to resort over 100 seconds
who watches that that's me now my
snapchat story is also hilarious so make
sure you're following me acne marks
Butler I don't know who that is
Oh Bella did oricon Oh Shay Mitchell
Dunn who Shay Mitchell is sorry pretty
little eyes I have never seen it don't
kill me a notice Big Show who's suddenly
making honey around Ronde ah the fact I
said that before I saw that yes yes
who's suddenly a very patriotic nerd
look
kamilla again Kim Kardashian that Kim
blac Chyna I don't know who that is
Kylie Jenner Victoria Justice Sonia
layers going Kim no it's blac Chyna
uh who's blac Chyna I don't know blac
Chyna is sorry I'm sorry your hairs
really cool though who's the dog getting
her makeup done a bit harsh for a dog
Gigi right that's Gigi oh yeah dog is
clearly cheating which age celebrity is
that just realize there's little girls
they're all girls so far I know that's a
line first - the first one was Troy
you're the only male celebrity where are
we Britney spit is Hilary Duff Nicole
Richie Dinah
Jane I think that could even be Hillary
double Britney Spears think Britney
Spears
Oh oh my god it's Hilary Duff is
youngers Hilary Duff which celebrity is
missing a note that's Kendall right
still slaying
I think that's Kendall no zendaya hard
shouldn't mean so cocky should I I was
like yeah I've got this don't even worry
about it
and which celeb has a new job as a cop
that Biebs that Biebs or not that's not
that's not I've seen this snapchat yes
it is Mitch deny Lauren you got fired
out of ten right that means I'd suck
yeah I'm pretty not great at this am I
but hey never mind if I got 50% on my
exam that's what I'd look like I'd look
at that and think you know what I'm not
happy right now but I'm still gonna be a
write a knife and that's the outlook
that you should have in your exams well
I hope you enjoyed this video if you did
give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video bye
