hello you beautiful sexy people maybe I
shouldn't have my headphones to be a
move so I you know I'd like to hear
myself speak when I speak to you because
that means I know I'm connecting with
you on a one-to-one basis channel oh
shit right now we really react into this
video today because I don't know thing
might be quite funny but it's called
cats acting like humans compilation 2015
have no idea what it's about but it's
got 19 million views 19 million views
90,000 thumbs up as well so we are gonna
dive right into that into it's like on
the note of cats I'm still waiting for
my cat from mr. Alfred Sidney days I'm
joking I say I'm waiting for I you guys
know how much you love cats
I want to cap one day or nearly put my
turn end off then I really want a cat
and one day I think I'll have a cat and
a dog I want a little Berman they'll be
really cute but anyway we're gonna jump
right in to this video oh okay just
cheering it's hammock hey little boy Oh
see my cat's if I did oh if I got my cat
I used to always try and do that with my
family cats wrap them up in a blanket
but never had any of that they hated it
this you just the sleeve in the vets
fingers so photos the cats lying like
that I'm like stop you're naked put it
away
shut up the cat is legit doing pull-ups
no way six out looking around so
confused why is the cat doing that I
need to trade my cat to do that it's my
new favorite video know what that's not
safe you don't you don't you stick your
cat on the back your bike
although cats balance are very good so
right the little hat the cat's calm I'm
not a fan of that like I'm not rocking
the cat like a baby but the music of
this video is very very annoying it's
the same clip cat is your baby in your
feed net milk cats don't like milk
actually do they shouldn't drink milk
yeah bro another beef invest sent out
stretching their braids you know felid
cute let me know if you want me to react
to dogs acting like humans because I'm
sure I can do that for you if that's
something you'd like to see but I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to give a big thumbs up and if I
get a cat can you train does anyone know
die I know if dogs you can train dogs to
do cool stuff about high-fives and
rollovers and all that jazz but can you
train a cat to do stuff like that
because cats don't ever you don't really
ever see cats being trained I've never
heard of a cat trainer sounds like I'm
talking about Pokemon a pokemon trainer
but I don't know if that's a thing
training cats to be able to do cool
stuff so if you have a cat that does
cool stuff or if you happen to be a cat
trainer or at me because when I get a
cat gonna be looking for it to do some
cool stuff like that but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I will see you
tomorrow with another one good bye
