hello hi mike is on hey today we're
finding out how much of a dickhead am I
I'd like to think I'm not really much of
a dickhead I don't have a dick hanging
off my head and I like to think I'm
quite a nice person yeah you know I
praise myself on being a nice human
being or at least trying to be a nice
human being tick off all the things
you've ever done before told a friend
you were five minutes away when you
weren't even dressed I've never actually
done that because I don't yeah that does
do my head in and I've definitely never
done that no not done that but not when
I'm ever dressed I lied about the type
IV not on five minutes when I'm actually
15 minutes they've got never been in bed
like yeah man I'm five minutes away yeah
and I'm in bed reddit eggs and then
forgot to reply for two days all the
time literary all the time yes I've left
someone a voicemail who has never left
someone a voicemail start drama and then
stood back to watch the chaos and shoot
probably yeah school definitely done
that realize you're wrong in an argument
but not admitted it front lead on that
start an argument for no reason haven't
done that I'm not on all your interested
person you know I don't like arguments
nor do I ever really gain arguments but
and you know if you guys want to go some
we can wreak havoc on continued argument
even though it was finished nope walk
slowly even in rush hour yeah I've done
this slow strollers do my head in but
sometimes you just want to chill walk
you know especially if you aren't in
pokemon but I'm relatable p'zone back in
the French even that was empty yep I
still do this sometimes in my own house
but I used to it when i lived at home
and like mum would always go mad at me
for that but i used to do i still do it
now sometimes left dirty dish son seif
someone else wash up nope never done
that you know why because i'm a bit of a
clean freak when it comes to hygiene
eating someone else's food without
asking no my uncle has did that to me
nuts on the cruise so cheers on qin i
agreed to buying rounds of drinks in
group of friends were going home off
it's your turn no I'd never do this but
certainly up frenzied a drank too much
and being sick in the street story time
with Marcus when I was traveling in
Australia me and Max my best bud we're
at full moon party I got so drunk that I
was like I need to get out of here I
left on my own got on a public bus back
to our hostel I had to stop
the bus literally went shot the bus
driver because I had to get off the bus
to be sick on the side of the street the
whole bus waited for me he actually let
me back on the bus and then I somehow
made it back to my hostel that night but
someone else's clothes without asking
don't I don't yeah I definitely asked to
do that board something and then never
given it back most probably yet frozen
broke good broke down and brain on
someone else all the time and I was a
kid you serve it to my sister all the
time I'm following Nephites I'm going to
get their attention never done that to
justin bieber that's funny actually I've
literally never done that never done
that posted spoilers on social media
know those people deserve to be shocked
with a water pistol told someone the
enter mood before know like why brick
why why would you be that person talked
in the cinema while the movie was on her
moments in one torch to revenue yeah and
you got annoyed me cuz i was eating
popcorn it's not hot colorful is it sad
every films of popcorn film use your
phone in the cinema movies on i used to
do this like when you're a teenager
because you're like texting so much
don't do it anymore and it really annoys
me when people do that you shall phone
whilst horn was talking to you uh every
minute of the day use your phone at
dinner table yes yes of course but i try
to engage in conversation because that's
sociable soaked when you lost a game
that didn't really matter you guys have
seen me in any challenge video of anyone
else you will see or know that i am
possibly the most competitive person you
will ever meet when it comes to little
games so yeah even though I'm an adult I
still soaked if I lose a little game put
your bag on the seat next you and
traveling on a train or a bus yes hoping
that that that no one's gonna ask you to
move it refuse to give up your seat for
an old no I would never do that put your
rubbish in the bin even though the bin
was full nature and pure rubbish yeah
because you just totally balanced it on
the top finish yourself off during sex
and not worried about whether your
partner finished to that took a turn
didn't it that was interesting probably
told a white lie when it was completely
unnecessary
s everyone's told white lies deal with
it doesn't something which could be
described as petty no use the upside
down smart yes borrowed money and never
paid it back yep used to go into my
dad's drawer and steal these two pound
coins muzu whores had a phone else in
the half to take a shower yep ever likes
rossum friends yeah cheated on someone
nope definitely not about that life
style cheat on a test who hasn't cheated
like seriously who has never never
cheated on a test gone out in the rain
and shorts and flip-flops yeah sent
unsolicited nudes never done that guys
don't send nudes unless you're happy in
your relationship and you feel like you
can do that then by all means send
aashiqui dick or nitpick if you're over
the age of 18 and want to pay for an
expensive item of small change no it
does my head among people do that pushed
in eq yeah but when there's good reason
to like the other day me Max and my
sister were flying back from Barcelona
and we're about to miss our flight if we
didn't jump through like the pot that
parcel security thing so I feel like if
there's a good reason you're you're
right played loud music before 10am you
have being called a dickhead by someone
that knows you pretty well according to
dick edge on the daily basis no i don't
but i probably have show my results you
got the dick on your head is 7 inches
you're actually quite a bit of a
dickhead the dick on your head is bigger
than the average which is probably down
to telling a couple of white lies for no
reason and continue in an argument when
it's actually finished well it's not
true because I actually um ticked all of
the argument stuff so BuzzFeed get it
right mate well there we go I apparently
I'm a dickhead so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video leave it a thumbs up
leave a thumbs up give it a thumbs up if
you also think I'm a ticket good I have
seeped up being so sassy this video I'll
see you tomorrow in our video alright
love you guys bye
yep
