hey welcome back to snapchat Q&A if you
have a good memory you'll remember that
exact same thing that's because I
thought I'd film them both at the same
time welcome back so we're going
straight back into it
snapchat Q&A let's see what you guys
ought to ask I got a question for you
when are you gonna do um excuse me
filter okay look what my question was
are you gonna do a new Marcus Butler
because marki but but killing the game
love it I love your sass yes at some
point I would love to do another rap
song there are ideas in the bank
nothing has started yet but there are
ideas would you like to see another one
that's the other question do you live
with Matt I'm so confused love you love
you too
no I do not live with this guy sat right
here and yeah that's what we're telling
you guys have you ever had a crush on a
friend's mom or sister definitely had
crushes on friend's moms before 100%
that is that that is like Phil that
everyone has that you've got a friend
who has a mum or a dad who is rather
attractive and you just have a little
thing for them where is your favorite
place to go on vacations the most
beautiful place I've ever been to in the
world is barley or Indonesia in general
so probably Indonesia have you ever been
to Sweden or are you going to visit
Sweden sometime please I have never been
to Sweden before in Scandinavia I've
been to Norway just Norway actually I
thought I'd been to more but I haven't I
really really really want to Sweden hi
Marcus what do you think about let's do
one in the Premier League so into my
football so glad you asked no less than
the Premier League was an amazing
achievement in sporting history so
that's what I'm gonna say about it
sorry you need some you need some breaks
in your dad you can't just swing your
arm up like this you go up properly like
little thing right and then you've
either got to do really like funny
that's slow unlike what you got be there
in just beautiful
important that massive burner very
important question Marcus that everyone
wants to know the answer to
when's the Malfi tour coming what is
your favorite thing about uploading
every single day on to more Marcus
market or hmm dono my favorite thing is
I don't know being able to connect to
you guys every day I think that was the
question no I really like that I can
upload something and if you don't like
it it's kind of like it's not as judged
as main channel because you're like oh
he's gonna pop another video tomorrow so
I can just check that one out instead
hey Mike is it's not even in the US and
I want to ask you can you sing in your
video right now sing cold water please
I love to sing I don't know Larry the
convolute cuz if you feel you're sinking
I will jump right over into cold cold
water for you voice of an angel
yeah that's what I thought if you would
dye your hair a crazy color what would
it be love each other I look so
attractive right now like who wouldn't
want a piece of that right now
hey Marcus um I was wondering who is
your favorite character in stranger
things do I wait please come to Belgium
because I want to eat you frickin love
stranger things if you haven't seen it
you need to see if you have seen it
you're with me on this and my favorite
character I think I love to flush just
because he's I I think all the little
kids are like incredible actors love to
burst but I think my favorite character
is Mike because he's so sweet towards 11
and how he's like you can really see Oh
spoiler uh maybe maybe don't miss it
this better if you watching it you can
really see like sense like young child's
love there and I think he is a good
friend and he's always trying to do the
right thing
just a little legend because my question
is if you could change one thing in your
life what would it be I could change one
thing in my life getting it really deep
I would change I don't know which we
change things in life so I'm gonna allow
myself to done this I never had a grand
dad like growing up so I would change
that whoever they were alive now ever I
had time with them I would have done
that because they know what it's like to
have a grand day out amazing grandmas
and granny
but grandad please go it's no question
but and you and I'll feed other reason
that me and my internet best friend Matt
oh that's very cute honestly I love
hearing survivin when people meet and
make friends of each other through
watching other people like through
watching videos that's like it's amazing
thing that that's a thing now like that
you can meet people around the world
because you both watch the same person
unusual thing like that
love you guys love you like energy next
video Margaret I did a video of her
recently like she had a little feature
I'm gonna be bringing her back into the
main channel so don't you worry she's
making her way back downtown my question
to Marcus is how many kids would you
like when your older sibling how many
girls how many would love you Marcus I
don't know it's a hard question I'd
probably say in my head on three because
I match I'm a child of three and two
girls and one boy because that's why I
grew up with I don't know I feel like a
lot of people will say that they want
what they grew up with because they're
used to that maybe that's why I'd like
anyway that's gonna be the last question
of this Q&A
I really hope you guys do it if you did
you know what to do give it a big thumbs
up and I'll continue doing them in the
future
follow me on snapchat is Marcus Butler
or add me on snapchat whatever you call
that go over there check it out and yeah
I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow in on video all right bye
