good morning hello welcome to a kind of
vlog I've just woken up
it's half seven caught today I'm going
to the gym I thought I'd show you what I
have for you to the gym I wanted to make
this video for a while now but heaven so
now it's the perfect idea to 4ei to the
gym I always have a smoothie I've tried
there in the morning to gym but I prefer
to get it out of the way if I go first
in the morning then it makes me feel
good for the rest of the day and rather
that so I usually try though in the
morning but if I'm too busy and I'll
just make time good evening at some
point this one first thing get your
jumbo so I get 1/2 a cup of oats don't
next usually do a frozen banana I've run
out frozen bananas so it's just gonna
have to be a normal banana next I use
vita sport protein i my favorite is the
chocolate flavor this is new Elvis's
hasn't in I like this because in one
scoop you get 30 grams of protein
6 grams of BCAAs and 6 grams of
glutamine so yeah I mean it says
post-workout I've got two here because
this one is let's have a look shall we
lovely look at the aftermath is always
protein powder everywhere there the cop
walking sad and sometimes there's some
ones are don't rock town it this is like
may see raw tiny piece of chocolate that
aren't very sweet or anything but just a
little bit of natural energy so if I'm
going in the morning I'll Chuck's on and
then sprinkle them in spring for them
now a lot of people when they train use
creatine I've only just started to use
it and I sometimes forget to use except
for yet have it so I use I did some
research and this was the best the best
one I found creatine powder creatine
basically gives you that little extra
push in the gym I don't really know the
scientific benefit of it as such I just
know that I think it's to do with a
helping oxygen reach your muscles or
like getting the most out of your
muscles so usually when you've you've
got like one rep left it will I get you
that extra one round and then to finish
it off you need some liquid so I do a
little dribble of almond milk and then
finish it up with water I like cold
that's why I have frozen banana so I'm
going to blow Bev ice in just because
I've always when it's blending in there
it gets a little bit like warm white
down there get the lid I use either
Vitamix which is pretty awesome not
gonna lie it's an awesome piece of kit
used it for ages a love it it you can
use it for so many things not just
smoothies like cooking stuff as well
it has loads of things here so I put on
the frozen setting and then I just go
start and it's literally the noisiest
thing in the world so
then guys you do get yourself a glass
look at that pour it in deep I've got a
little bit left over just a tiny bit
that's because of the probably the
amount of Homo if I used and that is my
pre Jim smoothie workout pre Jim really
work out I didn't make any sense that
it's not pre continue work out it's my
pre-workout fueling see I usually have
this pretty quickly and then I've been
about ten minutes and then when we leave
in about 15 minutes or so to go to the
gym I was shot of coffee as well just
espresso shot and then ya go to gym wipe
my music in hey then have my workout so
yeah let me know if this stuff does
interest you because it's part of my
life but I don't share it much because
I'm always like doing fun little comedy
things and blah blah I said but
sometimes I do like to share more behind
the scenes and show you what's really
happening and also if you'd like health
and fitness things because that's a big
part of my life so wear it gym stuff
white doing the gym or food stuff I
would like to share some that of you so
if you're interested let me know if you
not just say this off Marcus I hope you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs if
you did I'll see you tomorrow moving on
one all right
