what is up you beautiful sexy people
today we're taking part in an
interesting debate on is this a sex
thing or gymnastics term the Olympics
currently on right now what I'm filming
it UK actually doing amazingly as a
right now we're in second place which is
let's just think of the size of our
country compared to like China America
we're second so good good job Brits also
max one double in gymnastics so that's
one reason why this is fitting another
reason is I did gymnastics for ten years
so hopefully we'll we should not be
getting this wrong but let's find out is
this a sex term or gymnastics time
Thomas stretched huh that's a gymnastics
term correct a Thomas stretch is part of
the floor exercise codepoint and it's
named after oh right that's a that's an
actual movement I was just thinking
someone called Thomas is stretching sex
our gymnastics term angry dragon I think
it's the sex term it is a sex term ah
this is when immediately after you in a
girl's male head and me stop sure look
like an angry dragon PG friendly sex how
much of mastics move Arabian front I
know that's a gymnastics move that is
like ah it's like a front flip 180 kind
of there's a type of tumbling skill used
in floor exercises sexting or gymnastics
move back
jaian is really hogs they're putting
gymnastics pictures of everything again
I think it's a gymnastics turn butt back
giant is like a floating backflip think
Oh a back giant yacht is a surfing
partners circling down on the high bar
Australian kiss that's not gymnastics
move is it it's just not I can't be Oh
according to urban dictionary an
Australian kiss is like a French kiss
but down under
yeah mm-hmm I didn't know that there you
go learning educating understanding more
Marcos sex time or gymnastics time
daisy-chain I think there's a six-term
vikon from what is I'm absolutely
nailing this quiz right now and I'm
putting this down to the fact that I
know so many gymnastics moves a
daisy-chain is a chain of sexual
activity involving multiple people and
partners usually fassold watch cool the
reason for this is out when you're like
at school and you're a boy all the boys
always but you heard of Lloyd do you
know this is and you tell everyone you
think it's really funny
that's what yous happen on the Isaac
school anyway I don't know if that's
still a thing a Maltese Cross that's the
gymnastics term yeah buddy
Maltese Cross is a strength move on the
Rings yeah where you do the like jim has
held his body parallel to the floor with
rings extended on the level with his
body peach basket that's knowledge of
wrestling's move first notch nasties
move is a gymnastics term a peach basket
when a gymnast performs a pike in a hang
then quickly extends to an arch while
pulling up did not know that my excuse
is I didn't take part in parallel bars
or o or rings or anything like that
Swedish fall that's gymnastics time I'm
sure it's gymnastics time Swedish ball
is a type of dance move done on the
floor exercise when the gymnast goes
from a standing position to a push-up
like position on the floor frottage it
sounds wrong doesn't it
unkind sex term I just sounds wrong Oh
frottage is basically a fancy word for
dry humping never knew that
Aundre fancy a little frog
glass-bottom boat I'm going to
gymnastics turn dammit sorry but a
glass-bottom boat is a sexual act in
which the customer lays under a glass
coffee table and looks up through it
while their partner uh-huh ah into that
you got 9 out of 11 right damn you know
a lot about sex and gymnastics go on
with your bad self excuse me I'm putting
this down to the fact that I know a lot
about gymnastics nothing to do with
knowing stuff about sex purely
gymnastics but hey I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did make sure you it
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video all right bye
