yeah yeah let the girl beautiful take
the peephole
we haven't done a trying video in a
while I know that because I've got two
of these boxes here I get these every
month does that mean last time I did one
is nearly two months ago that can't be
true
you're gonna see where this one is from
when it's you are from trees it's been a
year since we launched with our Japan
box
so we've now traveled to over 12
countries as you tear apart the tissue
in countless nights that you may have
never imagined what exist snacks such as
potato crisps in the form of fries -
shrimp shrimp chips oh you also find
snakes such as an evolved version of
Pocky then all they pull off the
branding of Japanese like candy and food
because it just looks so mental I don't
know obviously can't read Japanese but
the colors always so bright and just
like wow this is what you're gonna be
eating um I'm really not sure about
shrimp chips being around for 50 years
Levantine shrimp chips yeah thought
about that yes for solids never child
porn cocktail crisps the thought of it
must be horrific
oh poor cocktail Oh No what's this issue
milk milk
we've got so many interesting things
here okay this is pokey pokey subbu
subbu by glyco pokey strawberry is made
of pretzel stick covered by cream pokey
subbu subbu contains creamy strawberry
flakes embedded in its strawberry
coating given an extra crunchy texture
and strawberry taste Wow for like
strawberries mention lows then oh and
these look pretty Angeles Hallie come
Mina smells great takes radio - I'm
really fascinated by this milk thing
milk candy by Orion and miniature milk
chocolate sugar candied beads in a pack
these candies are creamy and
delightfully sweet look how cute that
little packaging is well they look like
things you'd put on top of cupcakes yeah
oh my god
Wow Lego if I was eating these I'd be
very disappointed in the size of
packaging because they are seriously
good all right move really avoiding the
shrimp crisps I'm being really on it
moving on to more Akash food corn and
corn rings are large puffy corn snacks
soft and crunchy with a rich and cheesy
taste they taste like Cheetos but
different I mean it's very smelly oh
yeah oh they are literally what says
that is the weirdest thing cuz it's so
hard and as soon as you get in your
mouth your soft straight way that is
what's interesting this sounds yeah Gabi
potato crisps a soy sauce flavored
potato crisps look like french fries
baked not fried they contain less oil
than your average fried potato chip and
a crunch yelling french fries lovely for
no not sure about sort like imagine
being him put Donald's of me like oh
yeah can I get some soy sauce of those
chips also but thought of soy sauce you
may have seen out my main channel non
Josh's no there's on josh's channel I
have to down a shot of soy sauce that
was not fun okay literally look like
what the hell like that is a chip but
it's not a chip what that's so weird
oh I hope memories or soy sauce
a lot there that's just me being a
with soy sauce these are so cool Oh like
that the fact that they look like chips
but they're crisps next up well say next
up last up we have got the old shrimp
crisps virtually unheard of in America
but apparently it's one of the most
iconic snacks in Asia you might not be
used to the taste at first but try them
they can be addictive and you be the
taste tester you smell a taste like I've
opened a pack of gone opportunist
melsmel the pack yeah I didn't do that
this is the most popular snack in Asia
all the office haze oh my god is so
fishy tell me it's not too bad they were
like five seconds ago
by treating it no taste Wow I tell you
what I would not want to kiss somebody
after they've had a packet of shrimp
crisps I'm gonna Oh
Oh will Wow no fine extreme crisps I'm
sorry if you guys are a fan of them or
if you like them around the world I I
just don't like them I'm sorry but
everything else was really really good
so yeah give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with another one
all right bye
