yo how's it going - beautiful sexy
people today we are trying something new
this is the guess the morph youtuber
challenge
so basically Matt has compiled pictures
matt has got about three or four you
tubers and taken parts of their bodies
and mash them together I've got a guess
what youtubers are in those photos let's
give it a go
how many you choose in this free what
definitely no - straight away Zoe
so Ella her face yeah Miranda sings lips
yeah
Springs of lifters eyes I think it's
that right yeah very good sir I found
the eyes hard it took me the other two
the other tools like BAM straight away I
mean that's the easiest one huh so those
are the original pictures some good
photoshop skills on there just me take
that back Tyler Oakley's face
yeah PewDiePie's beard yeah whose hair
is that that's not my hair no it's not
your hair looks a bit like my hair not
now yeah yeah evidently you don't know
whose hair is that oh oh oh it's Joe
sugg hair yes it is I could tell Chateau
Hanyu I knew just by looking at the the
actual but hairline I don't know why
really yeah just know that's his hair
lies cool so I'm 100% yep 6x yeah
slashing at the moment yes ah lovely
I miss peapods beard he was quite badly
what jenna Marbles
yeah who'd mouth is that and eyes the
Tyne is eyes yes
what show us whose mouth is that you
don't videos together it's not Zoey's
male no that's one guess whose teeth -
those have to pushy for no no they're
not
I've some videos of them yep - go yep
not superwoman yeah what the hell um I
only got that because I was like
thinking of all the girls I've done
videos with my channel no way so you got
Tanya food life you just said that mouth
I would never guess also her teeth are
amazing
like your teeth Lilly Casper yep my eyes
yeah modern
they fit in so well have one yeah but
what's also really weird I don't know if
it's just because all the last eyes have
been girls and we focus on and I also
don't have any eyelashes eyelashes are
pussies guys Shane Dawson's hair oh yeah
is that right yeah I almost went down is
on fire
well that's well last one there's four
people in this one drinking this the
hardest last one I hope so picture of me
look at my little baby face there Casper
pineapple Shane looks like he's praying
okay it's Alfie's mail well done yes so
his heifers hair yeah that's easy whose
eyes are they
is it someone else's eyes yeah yeah and
one you only 100% then what's the full
who's before what's the fourth yeah well
that's for you to find out so ah Jim
Chapman yeah more features his face yeah
can tell it from his beard I know his
beard really well eyes to go he's got
little beady eye he's why are the pupils
so small in the original photo you'll
see why it's quite funny it's a girl
yeah can't say well you can if I say
what again why are you a 99% at moment
so you need to guess so yeah it's a girl
that's my guess that's one of you guys
yeah it's not girl it's not a girl have
you taken a picture and they've had them
made up done no I mean I promise your
hand enough it's from a book cover
dental film nope
you're one more guess come on you should
want me to do well we you've done very
well 99% on book cover my friends of
them yeah
these eyes it's like they kind of look
alpha this is really random yet to
learning is Jonathan's cage only no goat
erosion folks in your final is JJ what
what the hell
Oh a picture of Joey that's so hard they
see the face pop up yeah but that face I
mean it's funny but take the hair way
that's like that's a good face you know
so Jim Alfie JJ if you guys were going
to have kids just saying 15 at 16
there's pretty good going I'm pretty
impressed yeah Rika go that was so much
fun as well even though it's really hard
it was so much fun hopefully you guys
enjoyed it as well did you do as well as
me
also if you want me to do part 2 of this
give the video a thumbs up and other
than that I will see you guys tomorrow
in our video all right love you guys bye
