what's up as again you beautiful sexy
people we are back today with my main
man mr. Jacob Sartorius
I did a reacting video to his song the
other day and he was bringing out an
official music video so the official
music video is now here we're gonna
react to it I haven't seen it came out
three days ago and it's got four million
views now if you remember last time I
watched this with an open mind
I didn't sleep Jacob I don't hate Jacob
I don't know Jacob I feel that he gets a
lot of stick when he shouldn't
necessarily because he's like 14 we're
going into this with an open mind so
let's see what it's all about I hope his
friend who keeps touching his hair is in
it again ah yes are we are older and a
skosh a Chinon on a bike you know he's
happy he's on the beach there's no worry
about him
we are baby we are still greater thanks
might be like a big it just it just
doesn't sound like he's singing like
Jacob meant how you're gonna perform
this live seriously it's kind of like
what happened that video that went viral
off him some fans like oh my god this
jacob and he's just like yeah it's me
oh my god although we need to line as
possible to cringes thing I've ever seen
that's let's bring him out actually a
spring about it she's not oh she's not
really close to the tree there oh she's
moving oh this is a business audience
like is genuine Matthew already knew he
come on now been on Amish and tryna take
you to the dance off we go oh please huh
start tracking all the past on this way
quick go what's your name dog didn't
even ask yo she's gonna pull Oh Casper
and so far they've made him this figure
that girls don't know what to do with
themselves over so far we've had someone
walk into a tree the other persons pull
off a swegway so right now Jacob you're
a health and safety issue okay
and you should really be well wearing a
helmet riding that bike
don't matter sighs please don't worry
about tomorrow we just live it I know
that they used to be go oh yes is what's
going on from this koshkin oh she's
gonna hit him with her oh yeah
girl's gonna woo dr. DJ caps about
you're older I know this guy Cullen's
kitty he's done magic on me before I
haven't seen him in a while but he's not
magic on me one time he was really good
I'm worried about to mama mama 300 for
the backup dancer still to be happen oh
okay what's let's predict this one she's
gonna fall over when she hits the
volleyball or she's gonna smash in
someone's face she'll run into the net
oh she she just threw the bully oh yeah
oh love I got hit in the face come on
Jacob you gotta be nice if these girls
are getting hurt for you at least be
like going you know kiss her on the
forehead or something Percy won so all
the girls that are injured and now
walking behind this is a nightmare like
if they couldn't control themselves when
you walk past they're now an impostor
getting to you're buying and selling it
because the second we connected girl I
love is so electrical the Collins key is
very very tool I remember in bed at my
height or everyone else in that group is
very very small
typical so come with me and we can make
it cuz you never know maybe Gilley
let's rig one that I thinking and he
fell off his bike then really do it
that's a cute oh that's Paris food live
a little
oh it's done it live there it is
it's not so Paulson finish the video
it's very well shot pretty cool music
video whoa there we go that is um Jacob
satorious uh hit or miss official video
review obviously I'm like being joking
like patronizing and stuff but genuinely
when you think of his fame at his age
he's 14 just turned 14 is pretty insane
to have that level of Fame it's like
Justin Bieber like he got blew up when
he was 13 now look at him
I mean granted Justin Bieber is a
talented singer Jacob is not as talented
as Justin Bieber I thinking him rap
though genuinely think he should stick
to rapping maybe maybe we will get them
on the next feature rap a but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did make sure you a big thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow with another video
bye
