hello people say to me why did you take
a woman to a food truck video yeah but
if every intro is that far so gonna do
again just in case you didn't hear hello
beautiful sexy people welcome to the
table welcome to another blindfolded
video today we were gonna do a pint
holder but I wasn't sure if that was
like kind of the best way to do it so
instead what we're gonna be doing today
is comparing vegan food versus meat food
as that's a normal food but I know a lot
of people were really offended by that
so don't mean vegan food versus
traditional food meaty food meat meat I
was looking up a word what would you
call yourself because you have you got
vegetarians vegans pescetarians what we
called carnivores omnivores eat meat so
yeah we're gonna test we've got three
things we have three vegan food items
versus three traditional items bring
them out bring them out sorry yo in the
background about to bring him out bring
him out what a lovely way to display
food Wow of your ratty fingers typing
into my hands but that's the bit you can
try of cut off it's very sad we have
traditional Cumberland sausage right
there's one side bigger mentality
yes interesting to know which is which
Oh what do you think is traditional on
what speed you know well I don't
actually know this looks traditional it
is you know it is also to give it away
the vegan sausage it didn't actually
Vince gave it away over here we have
food over here we have vegan food so as
you can see we've got sausage
we got regular sausage we've got vegan
sausage we've got mussels that's a
chicken fried chicken fried corn corn
fish finger fish this finger fish loves
finger so you've seen the food we've got
Cumberland sausage fried chicken breast
fish finger and we have alternatives for
vegan food
Hitler's finger I'm not sure what that
means
we usually have alternative names for
the vegan food the fishless fingers are
rice flake wheat flour and then sort of
you know water natural player in rap
seed or lalalala the corn is corn is a
problem that corner didn't see there so
they're all corn product micro protein
wheat flour etc etc and we've got
cauldron six vegan sausages with grilled
Mediterranean haricot beans and tomato
pesto exciting authentic food
deliciously prepared for you so it's
basically grilled vegetables red pepper
yellow pepper courgette and some beans
in a sausage I personally am NOT vegan I
have never been vegan I have eaten vegan
foods well I quite often actually have a
vegan breakfast just because quite like
the young breakfast so I have never
tried a fish this finger or a breaded
corn filly I've had vegan sausages
before this stuff I'm used to so I'm
just going to compare them to each so
we've got Cumberland sausage
oh I bloody love sausages in terms of a
healthy food they're very unhealthy I
mean they're a source of protein sure
but a lot design you've got a lot of fat
in there cos it's all mushed up into one
thing it's a processed meat technically
it's also pork I don't tend to eat much
pork so yeah but we're going to compare
that with the vegan sausage so in go I
mean that is interesting what that is
but mmm tastes very good taste very
beanie I like that that is good in terms
of pure flavor I would go for the
Cumberland sausage do I think the vegan
sausage is better for me perhaps yes but
I don't know I just do love you smell a
bit that does taste very very good I've
had a lot of vegan sausage before and I
quite like them so that doesn't surprise
me that it tastes good right next up
we're gonna go for the fish finger now
let you in on a little fact
fish fingers I've not eaten in I don't
know how long I never ate them so I had
them when I was a child and then when I
was like growing up and started making
my own food choices I used to
my hated fish never ate fish growing up
until I was about 20 so I haven't had a
fish finger in God knows how long the
thought I'm just made feel a bit funny
like mushed up fish with deep fried
Pocoyo so this is kind of like new to me
I honestly haven't had a fish finger in
like I said what fish is in a fish
finger it's Cod isn't it is it cod yeah
alright here we go doesn't help that I'm
trying it cold makes it even more oh
yeah I mean it's it's okay is there not
amazing I don't think I would ever go or
what you know a really fancy some fish
fingers but that is not what we're here
for we're here to compare them so here
we've got the vegan fish lips finger mmm
not really fine if I'm completely honest
that tastes a bit nothing II kind of
like hey I was about to it tastes a bit
like I could almost take chemicals in it
which is probably a bit weird but I
don't know just taste it a bit odd to me
so over those I would go for the fish
finger over those personally next up
we're going to go for all I bloody love
fried chicken
there's a some fried chicken or is it
fried cheese they just fried chicken Oh
Gina Oh someone said it's me the other
day what are the Archaea chicken Kiev oh
these have a lot of them is that having
loads at home my mum used to it all
we're doing kids night I was like can I
have tea haha he had some beans and like
she smiley faces ah yeah I think that's
a proper school what is it this yes
not very healthy is it like again this
just this looks quite manufactured to me
the vegan one just because it's quite
it's very like it's very clean-cut or is
this you know that does look like
chicken right here yeah
I'm a big lover of chicken I mean it's
no like I love chicken it's gonna be
very hard for a chicken alternative to
outweigh the chicken in my tastebuds
because I just love chicken
hooyo right so we got a corn breaded
fill it and see what it tastes like
hmm okay so watch it I like if I was
blindfolded and have both of those in
front of me they taste so similar and I
actually honestly think this one tastes
a bit better the corn one saying that
there is definitely obviously different
varieties in which chicken can be cooked
so don't I'm not putting chicken down
too much cuz I love chicken genuinely
impressed with how that tastes
well there we go that rounds up some
vegan food versus non vegan food I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
give it a thumbs up if you did subscribe
if you're new and I will see you
tomorrow overnight one buddy
