hey you're beautiful sexy people do you
like help stop that intro I said I was
gonna do the intro like that and start
the intro like that anyway we are
continuing the series of this book
tinder nightmares oh yes and it's
basically a book compiled of tinder
nightmare tinder is a dating app there's
funny stories on there and I read
through them and chat you guys about
them because funny to laugh at what some
people think is good to say to other
people so last time we landed on bro
tree always bad and seldom smooth when
bros write poetry Shakespeare spins in
his grave boys trying to write poems to
their tinder match I would paddle across
the Atlantic Ocean in a canoe made of
hardened elephant foreskin with the
Mexican soccer team's postgame sweat as
my water supply if it meant I could lace
my shoes with your used dental floss her
response do let your bio is as empty as
my heart I quite like that less sincere
it's sweet it's by opening good one Theo
roses are red violets are fine you be
the six I'll be the nine does that ever
actually work this person's a joker no
but I'm not a quitter
Andy if you said that to me buddy I
would say let's jump right into it John
I know you might be scare of my age but
hey let's move on to the next stage I am
NOT a fake so when it's your birthday I
would to make you a cake bless Jon
things telling is learn English very
well it must be faith that we are a
match but this is where the hatch began
if this is fate then shall we go on a
date that was good he didn't get a reply
from the first on all the second one so
better luck next time John all right
here we go Nick February 19 2015 for 30
p.m. so you know could have been could
it be not a work at this time late in
the afternoon have a coffee break and he
thinks this roses are red violets are
blue do you swallow like a good girl or
spit like a prude what a gentleman he'll
Kyle roses are red with the letter off
because you skal mate in it roses are
red violets are blue send me nudes and
maybe I'll fuck you that's what one
absolute where Kyle may
you're demanding nudes in the first
place go away and then you think it's
your choice whether you get to fuck them
okay
oh cool Edward this is what you should
say to a girl I could have called heaven
and asked for an angel but I'm hoping
you're a slut instead Yeah right
so another guy hunter quite cool named
hunter does the old roses are red you
know you'll be six I'll be and I'm this
person replies roses are red violets are
black I'd rather be buried alive then go
near your sack witty Pete you make my
Wayne as hard as a prosthetic leg uh-oh
really nodes of AIDS that Oh disgusting
oh here we go
this could be a very interesting chapter
that we've landed on here booty calls
and still this little chapter has in
store for us David
do you want to have sex no response I
promise it won't take long I'll only be
like two minutes I'm just laughing at
how awful silence is I wish I could take
away all the chairs in the world so the
only place for you to sit on would be my
face no response but in all seriousness
I bet you're a beautiful very
interesting and intelligent man
first of all do you really think that
she would sit on your face rather than
just go ah you know what I'll take a bed
or the floor or a nice spot of grass
mark I have one serious question and
it's gonna sound like I'm a douche but
I'm just getting out the way now
rather than deal with it later Todd Toto
do you give head love how up from people
are when it's behind a screen I don't
think I can imagine anyone walking up to
someone and saying cuz you would
probably get a slap in the face
ah this is disgusting daisies or lilies
roses are okay just trying to figure out
what to put on the casket after I murder
that pussy
ah Brian hey sweetie
I'm Brian what a nice intro that was why
are you looking for on the site I'm
gonna be honest I'm just trying to dick
down some hoes uh-huh well Brian thanks
for being so honest
that's not her response there is no
response max let me slap my dick on your
tits the response no thanks I like how
the person who replied just when no
thanks I just not into that today maybe
tomorrow but today no well there we go
that concludes tinder story's three you
guys know if you want me to continue
this let me know in the comments and
also give the video a big thumbs up and
we will continue this but cuz we are
right halfway through you can see there
so next is strange requests just when
you think you've heard it all you find
out that there are people out there who
have fetishes and desires your mother
did not warn you about I'm not gonna
look in there but I am going to fold the
page so we know where we are and we come
back okay hope you guys enjoyed it and
I'll see people face movin over video
all right love you guys bye
