howdy holy hey a beautiful sexy person
welcome to today's more Marcus video
which is too little we've got a video
here this is very funny videos 2015 it
has got 80 million views well I thought
I had 8 million 80 it's quite a lot
dislikes though so we will find out
together if we're going to find this
insane you're not making oh that's why
would you do that why would you do that
you absolute idiot you absolute idiot
planet you on me seriously get a grip
funniest videos videos of people like
nearly killing themselves that's funny
huh that backfired I'm here oh that's
right little freedom felon
oh how annoyed at the kid would you be
literally how annoyed that kid would you
be
Oh hmm lying on your neck hate stuff a
little haze over there that's when
you've had one too many drinks isn't it
and you're like yeah I'm nailing this
one everybody who you want to see
backflip I know I'm just gonna land on
my head instead I don't want to watch
this sound is like what I'd imagine
something being slaughtered ah
it's actually making give me funny
feelings watching I heard yet oh that's
quite funny not straight oh what's that
oh oh oh
ah it's not anywhere it's not gonna end
well I didn't end well that didn't end
well did it
nope oh that's also when you know you've
had one drink too many probably yeah
made yeah I'll just SAP it off yeah all
their English as well you can hear
anything there that's the reputation
that we have for ourselves when you go
abroad people just people say that
British people just get drunk induced
you with things that's the reason why we
have that reputation mm-hmm you want to
having sex for a while mate Oh
now how never-ending well mate
never affluent straight backwards then
yep Oh Oh mmm
see I don't enjoy pain pain doesn't make
me laugh like pain like that no speech
ah oh definitely is brand-new Christmas
present as oh oh oh that's gonna have
this fine pitching get some bread I know
okay that's that how is that so good
what buddy why try right up there you
mom
Oh what's a broken rib
oh he's gonna send stuff on fire as name
oh it's axe on fire it's hats on fire oh
I've got mixed feelings about that very
funny video 2015 summer funny a lot with
me wanting to not watch it because it
looked so painful but hey I hope you
guys enjoyed the video if you did make
sure to give a big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow but no video all right
Hey
