hey yo what up you beautiful sexy people
how you doin welcome to a favorites
video I haven't on one of these in a
while I'm back and I've got some very
exciting news to share with you a lot of
variety in today's one I feel although a
lot linked to clothing specifically but
first off we're starting with this bad
boy ha it's a Polaroid see this but it's
not like your normal Polaroid I have a
fujifilm Polaroid you know one of the
like Polaroids everyone has I was
looking for some new film for it the
other day my drawer open the drawers
looking then this was there in a box now
I think I got this big con I think
pretty sure i did and i never used it so
i used it and it's actually amazing it's
so cool i'm still trying to figure out
how to use it properly so maybe what we
should do is take picture mail and see
what it's light at the end but i'm very
much so figuring out how to use it it's
a little bit more complex than the other
ones but i feel like once I've conquered
it it's going to be amazing I've only
taken about five pictures of it so far
so this is gonna be my sixth picture
basically this way looks like this is
far away this is for anything that's
four feet or further and this is for
close-up so if you take a mix of flowers
or if you're doing selfies which is what
I'm going to be doing about this bar
here I haven't figured out what one side
is white one tights black I think it's
like if it's darker move it to the black
side if it's lighter to the light side
but I honestly I'm pig that one out yet
let's try we're gonna try putting it
here just going to see see go on then
have a little cheeky selfie
and it shoots out the bottom so your
mana cover Polaroids in the dark for
them to for the film's come out this
puts a little film over it the only
thing that's doing with these these take
a little longer to come out and that is
because I think it's better quality and
better film and blah blah blah blah yeah
this is one of my favorite things i've
been using recently number two we're
moving on to is simple sweet and simple
caps I if you follow me on snapchat or
if you follow me on various social media
networks you will realize that I wear
and I just had a lot I have to a black
one and gray one and they're pretty much
the only hat so air because we got a
massive head and not that many caps ever
fit my head been searching for months to
find other ones found these through some
random account on Instagram can t
remember where that from I will find out
but there's no label in them I think
they're only like ten pounds each maybe
15 pounds each it's really cool because
ones are me and they've got tears on it
you've seen I've been wearing these
recently so I mean it probably doesn't
go with the pattern synchronization
right now this is one they're exactly
the same hat so I don't know I'm trained
this is yellow and it's really nice to
me to find a hat that fits my massive
fat head looks half decent as well okay
next I'm going to show you is this app
called quidco now I don't know if you
can see but right here and quick code
basically allows you to shop loads of
your favorite stores that you'd normally
shop online but you do it through this
app and you can save money what's doing
it so for example if you like to shop on
a sauce you can shop on a sauce through
this app and you pay the same amount
that you pay if you're doing it for a
sauce but they'll give you ten percent
cash back so for example if you were to
buy something for twenty pounds on a
sauce you get temp set back of that you
would get two pounds back so if you do a
lot of online shopping and this isn't
just shopping this is like loads of
different things from insurance to
fashion to bits and bobs it covers so
many things and if you do a lot of
online shopping it kind of makes sense
use this because you're just going to be
saving yourself a ton of money simple
maths I'm doing a little giveaway with
quidco and for you guys so if you're
interested I put a link down there and
basically gives you 10 pounds of your
first spend plus whatever the
centage of where your shopping is so if
you were to buy something off a sauce
you get 10 pounds off if you use this
link down here plus you'd still get the
original ten percent off as well if
you're interested I'll put a link down
there next favorite thing we moving on
to is pair of shoes you guys know I love
my trainers literally love trainers and
I picked these up the other day I've
never owned a pair of new balance shoes
before hopefully you can see what
they're like but what's cool about them
is the material is like a shredded I how
to describe it shredded and inside that
has an inner sock so it's kind of like
this and in a sock there and I just
really like them they're really
comfortable I think they're really cool
I've known a new balance pair of shoes
but also how big does my feet like I'm a
size 10 in case anyone is interested so
yeah these are my these are my new shoes
at all of them don't call me sad please
and I'm a bit weird but my next favorite
thing i'm sharing get some food you guys
know i'm into my healthy eating blah de
blah de blah de blah de I don't need to
go on about that you wouldn't see me
post these probably on slap tails on
there these are healthier crisps I used
to be a massive crisp addict like three
hexa Chris today so when I found these
and ingredients are much better and they
taste incredible I was I was like
blessed I was like this this is the
happiest day of my life I found not only
delicious tasting healthy Chris they
also have a protein version getting
those gains I literally open these how
many in today to open these brought Phil
man and I've I've eaten pretty much the
whole back already this is what they
look like right you're not gonna get a
full one but they're triangles they
whenever I've shown these two people
when I'm a higher let's have some
impressed they look at this and they're
like mmm that doesn't look very nice
what's one of the most important lessons
you've been in life never judge a book
by it's cover so don't judge a crisp by
how it looks the last thing is another
clothing item I'm just so fashionable
guys I'm going to put on actually this
is a hoodie that I got in
Zara yeah not only do I love the color
with this hoodie I also look like home
could be install Wars or something when
the hood start with my blonde hair but
one of the coolest things is it's cut
really nicely and this bit here I've
never seen on a hoodie before so usually
a hoodie just cuts down here but this is
a little bit like street wear and ebony
and I don't know you can just like
snuzzle in it though yeah it's a great
traveling it's great it's just proper
cozy so yeah that rounds up my favorites
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure to give a big
thumbs up if you want to see more of
these like every month or something let
me know in the comments and I will see
your beautiful face to my move another
video alright bye
