hello you're beautiful sexy people you
what I know you beautiful sexy person I
should say not you beautiful sexy people
how are you doing I felt like a piece of
straw in my mouth today because thorn
but farmer asked hi today we are doing
try not to cringe think I've done one of
these before but we're back at it again
Josh you will be going into the nerd-off
this is very the least intelligent
member of my team is Josh we the hardest
working player on this team is us what
was below ground what is this program
and by the way so subscribing to you but
subscribers your re-entry button in our
programming because I know every Pokemon
you know +8 147 really really glad I'm
on this team hey guys wow funny
uh-huh first on as I haha it's Q it's
like me when I started you good at
scream oh you sound like a dinosaur this
kids funny
I would watch this kid Stackhouse
productions I mean they had a dollar
sign in their logo
my god oh my god the thing is I freak I
like considering the young quite
impressive great lines snap back snap
backs all I wear as snap backs all right
drink his Red Bull and the sass be hit
me baby one more time bear Britney nice
spider it's bride Brittany Spears yeah I
like this guy yeah he's guys funny is
that she'll arias ah okay now he's a bit
creepy but he's very creepy I mean you
can tell he's very awkward doing it in
his family house because he's so quiet
how much does any more that's it not
pleased that you are you add you do what
you could feel do you it you want you
why is this crazy this is so cute you
want you want Oh
someone help him oh this is little hot
and then it just cuts the laughs where
is he is he cr-z playing musicals at all
I think playing museums or fits with one
what is this this is worst karaoke ever
seen what if you're playing one is game
definitely you know where oh love you're
hurting my ears
David wing kicks out right now if you
know him seriously sorry
oh my god they put on like two minutes
so you're done
what I'm picturing is a scary film and
someone's smashing through that door
behind her Oh
buh-bye what why I usually sell like ten
boxes oh oh I kind of miss doing that
like imagine how fun it would be now
being an adult and like hitting my head
and then just crying real parents until
someone comes and helps you
oh I wouldn't help you you would covered
I think you would oh she's an audition
into the camera now and on that cringey
note we're gonna stop that one there I
hope you guys have enjoyed this video
maybe you cringed along with me if you
did make sure to give the video a big
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video bye
