hello hello any beautiful sexy people
welcome back now some people in the
world will say I'm an asshole that's
fine
some people may not seminar so that's
better
we're gonna find out if I'm an asshole
because apparently if you fail this quiz
you're an asshole you are sitting in a
parked car and see another car stop to
wait for your space
what do you do you ignore the car with
its blinker on they can wait or you get
sufficient care sometimes I'll get the
Goron thing I need to snapchat or I need
Instagram or something so do that first
in LA you remember we sat there in the
car sir
and you're off fuck this guy I didn't
say that I know those words yeah we can
now you get going as soon as possible on
the input losing I'll say you ignore
they can wait you're a kid's birthday
party and there's only one cookie left
what do you do who can extend ambitious
you yet you don't eat it what if one kid
didn't go on exactly poor little kid
you're shopping and take a ton of
clothes into the fitting room do you
hang them up when you're done I always
hang my clothes up or no isn't that what
the store hired people for this does my
head end as someone who's to work in
retail I always try and respect the
clothes and the shop because I've worked
in retail for a year I know what working
in retail is like and when people just
throw their shit all over the changing
rooms it's not very nice funny story we
once had a customer too Spacey came in
the change room had a different rare
jeans on put the pair of jeans on left
with the new pair jeans on to be sold
the jeans and in the changing room
he left his other jeans and they had
shit in them so that was nice what what
a nice guy you're playing Pokemon go and
it takes you into the seminar so
actually during a funeral what do you do
I would move on I'm sorry I would move
on the gum you've been chewing lost its
flavor what'd you do get up and find the
next trash see I'm laughing because I
used to do that like all the time
you said it all the time in high school
at school yeah I use it all the time I
don't do anymore of obvious oh yeah Oh
can't we all spit in my bin stick it on
my desk no guys don't do that so get up
and find the nearest trash can someone
is short five
in front of you at the checkout line
what do you do you feel bad for them and
give them five bucks you pretend you
don't know what's going on and start
scrolling through your phone I'll get
five bucks yeah
I don't think I'll stop my fight up and
oh no wow if we're being honest yeah I'd
probably start scrolling through my
phone but depends on their situation if
it was like someone starting to be like
look I'm short on money I've got my kids
to fear and I sell you on it that I
would step in but if they're just
fashion about a bit look come on can you
Galloway I need to buy my avocado
smoothie you're at the gym and you just
finished running on the treadmill
there's definitely sweat on the machine
what you do that picture is literally
disgusting
or I get a towel and wipe down the
machine whoever leaves their sweat over
things you people disgust them do you
turn your cell phone to silent places
like church meetings and the movies
always hell no you need to make sure you
don't miss any important calls do you
ever have your phone on loud like I feel
me I feel like the young generation just
don't have their phone on now because
you feel more embarrassed when your
phone goes off on loud and everyone then
turns to you but I don't know I don't
know if it's just me my phone is never
on loud in fact if actually unlike do
not disturb mode most of the time okay
so yeah always on silent
someone cuts you off while driving what
do you do one of three things
flip them tailgate them or put in a lane
next to them and Kurt you wind up the
driver nothing it doesn't bother you it
bothers me I don't know I wouldn't
probably do any of those I give them a
look probably I'd pull up next to them
be like
so probably one of them you just steal
your groceries your cart you walk that
you walk to put the cart back where it
goes yes usually I do but I have
sometimes just left it in the space next
to it yes I don't want it to hit someone
else's caught and open up
okay yeah oh cool you've got a seven out
of ten right you failed this means
you're a really big asshole of most the
time most of the time I also think you
could start thinking of anyone other
than yourself you don't give a fuck when
it comes to anything really the world
would appreciate it if you just kiss
your own arse um oh yeah parent hey I'm
an asshole so there we go
now you're gone excuse to call me and
also please don't because I don't think
I'm not sold but hey hope you guys do
this video could eventually get big
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video
buh-bye
