hey-hey-hey-hey a beautiful sexy people
welcome back to a video that we did a
part one on which was reacting to the
luckiest people in the world got loads
of views you guys loved it so we're
doing part two basically and remember
guys luckiest doesn't mean like Oh
winning the lottery I'm so lucky
luckiest in the sense that you nearly
got killed by a car or you nearly got
run over by a horse
you fell down the toilet if your head
and you can go any of these scenarios
could be in the video here we go let's
see who's lucky today oh my god
Wow I was not ready for that like
straighten that flippin kid I forgot
that these make me feel funny because
it's people being so close to death his
head was almost bounced off that car
right so oh yeah yeah hmm steam drain
Thomas Tank Engine
or may may get on the platform get on
get on the platform my god he's like oh
he's uh oh but was camera rolling which
was like yeah yeah it was don't worry
about oh oh oh oh I don't know if he's
lucky because I didn't see the other
side of the flip but look like he would
have got hit by that ban I ban that bus
oh that's what you call a close call oh
look look look when you cross the road
just look doesn't take a lot guys
there's any any advice I could give you
look when you cross the road both ways
even if it's a one-way street please
look both ways when you cross a road oh
whoa oh my god
I'm still amazed at how slow these
people move like if I saw a lorry
bombarding towards me
doors flying off crashing about I would
not like casually just go oh yeah I'll
just step out the way that I've run a
bloody mile cars in the snow made me
feel funny really funny oh lucky I've
once driven in the snow if you guys have
ever tried it it's very hard if you
don't have like snow tires oh Jesus it's
those things that scare me nice because
like something like that
you have no literally no control most of
these you have zero control over this or
you could just be out doing your own
thing
and then BAM that happens boom I'm
making the word as noise as watching
this what the hell is he doing to be
fair that is a reaction that I would
have I might it's been how fast he's
going
oh that looks likes hanging out flat and
furious that Vegas
mmm-hmm
string pets get run over I'm sure so
many people thought they died then aah
stop please
I'm on edge watch me I'm sweating oh
he's so chewed up yeah drop dropped at I
didn't I what did I say look when you
cross the road nod just look Holy Mother
of Jesus seeing a bolt of lightning that
clothes oh well oh well oh I learn how
to drive a bike if you're going to ride
one
Oh whoo and that just about does me I
think I'm going to go and change my
t-shirt because I'm so sweaty
but yeah I hope you guys manage to watch
that without getting anxiety as much as
I did if you want me to do a part three
we can all sweat and feel lucky that
people have survived again but yeah if
you guys enjoyed it give it a big thumbs
up and I'll see you tomorrow in our
video all right bye
