yo what does that be beautiful sexy
people of more markers welcome to
snapchat Q&A I sent two of these before
you guys really really enjoyed them and
I tweeted earlier saying what you guys
want to see and Sony like snapchat Q&A
so we're back with snapchat Q&A hey
Marcus who is your favorite youtuber to
watch Pierce 11q my favorite youtubers
watch is either Shane Dawson or nigahiga
how long did it take to dye your hair
plantain blond question buddy um first
time I did it five and a half hours
second time we did it they it went
yellow so I had to go back and have it
redone which I did and then that took
two hours so yeah when are you going to
visit stroke because I live in Stoke and
I'd like to use them
thank you I love you you guys are always
so cute in these things uh when i
visiting Stoke I don't know I haven't
any plans to visit Stoke but maybe some
point soon what is your favorite thing
about YouTube favorite thing about
YouTube is as literally so many things
to choose but probably when I've put a
lot of effort into video that I'm really
really happy with and then you guys end
up like really loving it and like
appreciating it and if I'm just able to
make you like laugh or smile something
like that that's probably like the most
enjoyable part of it when was the last
time you played Pokemon go Oh last time
a Pokemon go was yesterday
in my car on the way somewhere didn't
catch anything though so I don't know if
you can really play in the car
favorite birds from the YouTube boyband
you guys can't do that to me you can't
put that pressure on me sorry I can't
choose Marcus educate see what three
things would with you if you stuck
on a desert island three things on
desert island my phone solar paneled
rechargeable charger don't know that's a
thing if not that's why I'd invent and
then I'd be bringing that with me and
third is thing there'd be water on the
desert island
I think there'd be food on the desert
island so the third thing would be
another person to share that experience
with me you guys are sending too many
snapchats hey Marcus I have a question
are you a unicorn yes I am at your
service
hi Marcus um have you got any tips for
making it a successful YouTube channel
love you lot
any tips to start a successful channel
do something that you want to do don't
try and make something just because
you've seen it be popular or be done
before make something that you're happy
making and stick to it and if you're
gonna do it you have to see it for a
long time well you all remember as most
of the big channels we're doing it for
years before they got like any size at
all so stick with it hi Marcus some
original why is your favorite month and
also I ever want to do a Newcastle boot
all I've done in Newcastle book tour
when I did my book tour so I don't know
if I'll do another one favorite month
for me I think is December because one
my Beth is a country I mean my
birthday's in December I really like
Christmas and I like the spirit that
everyone gets into around it like I
don't know it's a lot of family time
around Christmas and that makes me happy
since I don't wanna lid your ooping out
your hair what'd you say to me
cute be voice my favorite movie ever
oh I don't know about ever but up there
is American History X don't if you guys
ever seen it film I'm washing in a while
but it's definitely top three
hi Marcus how are you my question is
would you rather go skydiving or would
you rather go bungee jumping
I'd rather chill with your lizard I've
done both and honestly skydiving because
bungee jumping is too realistic to but
it terrifies you because you're so close
to the ground where skydiving such a
surreal experience that you don't it
doesn't really feel real and it's just
like an amazing feeling song from scenes
album do you think most relates to you
and why well losing you first which were
zayn what some relates me most of his
album oh I don't know but I'm gonna
answer that with that I really like
cruel with shakes Shakespeare what the
 the snake ships yes my question to
you is can you do a better Geordie
accent and what you could have done in
your previous accent videos with Julie
my question to you is can you do a
better job accent then what you did in
your room that's awful isn't it why aye
man do you eat you're done you I was
waiting for you do my my my question are
you is can you do a better job action no
tom that is the answer sorry my parents
nap chat filter is ah right now I don't
have it still up by the time this is up
but like one that just goes boom zoom
straight in on people's face hi Marcus
my question for you is what's your
favourite thing about living in the UK
my favorite thing about living in the UK
is that I get to live in London and
London for me is my favorite city in the
world I think as the food's amazing the
people are amazing it's so cultured
there's so much to do here
loads my friends in here it's just a
really cool place the architecture is
amazing so yeah that rounds up my next
snapchat Q&A I will definitely be doing
another one so make sure you guys follow
me on snapchat it is Marcus Butler and
there you will be able to send me snaps
and see what I'm doing them so yeah hope
you guys enjoy here comes up with it and
I'll see you in another video tomorrow
all right love you guys bye
