hey how's it going yeah beautiful sexy
people welcome back if you're wondering
why I'm wearing a hat by the way um I'm
wearing a hat because my hair is very
bright at the moment I've had it
recolored so it's very bright did you
want a quick little preview mm-hmm I
mean it's so bright that it's almost
blending in with everything else you can
see personally you guys know I've really
enjoyed it I know it doesn't look
amazing right now but very lucky when
the roots come through so I have to redo
this if I want to get that look just so
I fill you in a life update they're
yours holding up for a while now you
can't fall cool is it gonna smell no hey
sure so why does that make you fall
does it smell no it definitely you just
pulled a face that made it look like
it's gonna smell the promise don't wash
it over here don't what don't do that
please no don't off take that bag
anyway sure you actually get to the
video today we are finding out
apparently this quiz will tell you the
exact age you'll get married this could
be interesting
I'm Lutie yes I don't know what is
predicting this off also who says I'm
gonna get married anyway I mean
hopefully we'll be married but who knows
which celeb would you invite to perform
at your wedding
who are your here we have got is there
oh it's quite a few quite a few to
choose from Selena Gomez Celine Dion
Rihanna
Mandar a Beyonce Adele
Ariana Grande Lady Gaga Mariah Carey
right let's get who I cancel out of that
Lady gaga Mariah Carey Lana Del Rey slim
Dion I mean the they're all I mean if
any of them would perform I wouldn't
complain but when I've got a list and I
can choose I'm gonna have to make cuts
so it's probably got to be Adele
although might be a little bit sad like
I'd want it to be very happy
no I love Adele to bits I love a music
I think Rihanna would cause a real good
pie like she would get people dancing
Selena Gomez can't keep my hands to
myself or ariana grande I think Rihanna
or Ariana Grande oh there's beyond tech
calamus Beyonce surely it's gotta be
Beyonce for me is between Beyonce and
Rihanna
I'm gonna go Beyonce so I'm choosing
Beyonce the bay what are your thoughts
on love I believe in one true love
they make you happy keepin I have not -
may stick outlook on love I'm cautious
but trust I'll find it someday I'm picky
when it comes to finding love I've been
burned a few times but open to it still
even though I'm divorced I'm still
hopeful no I'm laughing I'm laughing
because I'm I'm not divorced I love
dating but I don't know if I'll ever
commit I'm not so into the idea of love
to be honest I have an optimistic
outlook on well I don't literally don't
know what to you choose here we're
gonna go with I'm picky when it comes to
finding love if you had destination
wedding where would it be
Cozumel I don't know where that is but
it looks delightful Bahamas Paris Rome
London Mykonos Porto Rico Grand Cayman
Islands Tahiti now I like the idea of a
wedding being abroad they're not London
is him I've had a wedding I'm like I
really like the idea of a really small
wedding like only your closest friends
and family and then having like a crazy
party after way like well we have
friends come i really idea of tahiti
never been this unit I'm really weird
the guy could Devin in Supertramp made a
video about Tahiti you I should watch it
like search on YouTube because it looks
like the most incredible place I might
watch alphys video actually so I'm home
of Tahiti where is that it's a great
question so how it is do you not know it
I'm asking it when you're waiting
there's have a scene well it's Tahiti
it's like saying where's London is it in
Hawaii Nina is the French pennette
pennette what what you don't know that
Wow I think she kated much
Captain James Cook found it of course
you Captain Jones cooks a legend show
who he is yeah who is it always the
captain what was he from England that's
such a good guess you have no clue
Captain James Cook found my half the
world
exactly he found Laurel Australia and
everything yeah
click anyway but is the quiz TT what
will your wedding hashtag be hash tag I
love you a latte
woo hashtag forever and always hashtag
we're married let's party meow and
forever put a ring on it that would work
with Beyonce's there or take the plunge
file down the aisle we got 99 problems
but champagne ain't one nope I'm going
we got 99 problems with champagne in one
baby what would you pick not bad what
would you pick Odie Perry on it a beyond
theme yeah yeah that's true in terms of
themes choose your wedding dessert
milkshakes cake pops ice cream cupcakes
red velvet macaroons chocolate cake a
big white cake more champagne where's
the hail ha ha ha ha
this guy everyone there this guy Kayla's
not deserting that well I'm saying is
it's I'm a massive chocolate cake fan
but surely it's got to be a big white
cake it's classic yes classic
traditional Beyonce's there oh this quiz
will tell you that you'll get married
you got 30 you're going to marry it just
the sweetest time not too far from now
but also not too soon you like to do
things just right so 30 flirty and
thriving sounds like the perfect age to
get married swag is this why the picture
says oh man yeah cool I'll take that I
mean what's that we got six years so
guys six years would you reckon well
we'll see won't we we'll see one day but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video
give it a big thumbs up you did and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video bye
