hey are you doing a beautiful safety
Ebola today on wall Marcus I thought
we'd play a little game I've I've done a
few gaming things on here before like in
the past but it might start trying to
reintroduce it a bit more we're also
gonna be bringing in some forfeits so we
got Matt over here who is gonna be
making things a little bit harder for me
game McLain is called best fiends I have
been pretty addicted to this game not
gonna lie I've done a lot of traveling
recently as you guys will know this is
my game for the plane I've got to level
46 pretty quickly the idea is is like
puzzle games right so you have all these
different bugs and slugs so if I go in
here down the bottom you can see I've
got different kind of got mushrooms
strawberries the water and I'm calling
that flower so these my little like
babies you can see their levels so I've
got level I've got brittle who's level
six and whispers level three and they do
different things each bug has a
different skill this one skill you can
see there that's a bomb as I build up
the green points I'll be able to use
their special skills and so forth each
one has a different skill bearers for
example in my mushroom brittle my
strongest one here their special skill
is not a bomb it's something different
which is really cool which turns other
colors this will make sense a minute it
turns other colors into the color that
you want I'll give you like a little
demo first and then we'll start playing
and introduce the forfeits and times and
surveys at the top it says my gold so
I've got seven months I'm going the
month so I got seven months is to defeat
and I've got two boxes to collect and I
get 23 moves to do this all my little
bugs across the screen up here so you
can see I click them and it'll tell me
who I've got it will tell me their
attack levels and then it will show you
how close they are to getting their
special skill so the idea is to link as
many of the colors together that you can
that's how you get more points that's
how you get close to your special skills
you have to do a minimum of three but
the more you do the better so the most I
can see here is five green so I could
start on green and go down go down
can go up like that so you'll see that's
five you can see watch it though fly
into the monster and if I click my green
guy you'll see the bomb is now a quarter
fill up so that means I'm a quarter of
the way to getting my special skill so
I've got 22 moves left you can see down
in the bottom two screens I've got my
boxes there I need to smash those boxes
as well as defeat seven of these
monsters let's see what we're going I
can even go five flowers or in there
five strawberries I'm gonna look here
but what I also need to do is get into
the other areas so to get into other
areas I need to smash down the ice on
the sides so it's like if I get rid of
these you can see I'll get rid of this
ice on the left so that will go and that
will get me closer to getting towards
the box you see what I mean so it's like
not always necessarily going for the
things that give you the most attack but
you've got to be tactical about your
choices two strawberries now I've got
rid of another ice then you'll see
things will start going in here I'm
going to do green here because I want to
get rid of that ice on on the right that
ice wall and then loads more fall into
that so you see all of those are forward
into there now and I've defeated a
monster so I've got six months as left
but I still gotta get to those boxes the
monsters like to be really annoying and
throw things out so you can see he's
thrown a tooth out here that can like
block you from things and to get rid of
the tooth you just have to catch things
next to it go down there and it's close
to the box so hit the box you can see
there's a little monster in there I've
got a gap but I've got to get that box
like three or four times so he's thrown
another tooth in I'll go green because
there's loads of greens I can get here
look at that look at that's an amazed
like that's a good combo you can see
it's a combo 1.5 Subban now you'll see I
get my special move watch this you ready
here he's helped me out of a bomb I
can't use that yet so I need three
greens in a row but I'll show you as
soon as I can
there's a lot of yellows but I can't get
to that one because that's in the way oh
yeah see this is annoying as well right
now the monster I'm trying to kill red
doesn't affect him so you can see he's
got a shield up against red so if I was
to do that that's not gonna cause them
any offense by it is gonna start
smashing down that ice block for me to
get into that area I'm gonna go across
here get rid of this ice block and then
I can't post it to this box - we're
gonna go all the way across here down
here across here down here all the way
down to that look at that BAM get rid of
these for now quite a few green
I can get here so we go here here here
here here I want to use the bomb so you
can see I've got a few specials out but
I only got 10 moves left I've got quite
a lot of things to do do that so now
this monsters gonna be gone
now I'll start using my specials okay so
same thing is like the more you connect
with a bomb the more impact it's gonna
have so if I just did three you can see
it's like quite effect for over the
monsters head it's gonna do 3750 damage
as soon as I link up another strawberry
you see it's like does a little bit more
so the more you get the right the better
it is basically that's what I do for now
and do that because that bomb is gonna
get rid of that box you see this watch
this boom there I've got one of my boxes
just screw the bomb I've got eight moves
I've got yet that box down there which
I'm not even close to get in cuz you
read there to try and get into this box
by a like this I'm gonna start on this
bomb go hit it down along there it's not
gonna get the box but it's gonna do the
bomb and get any closer to that box
I got six moves that I'll show you this
blue special what that does when I go
over a blue special you see it changes
the colors around it to blue so that
basically means I can connect way more
together and get much more powerful
attack going but that this is great
because that I'm gonna do this it's not
very powerful against this boss but I
get that box
nearly I would say this yellow all the
way and then you get rid of that ice so
you're saying go like this then go yeah
yeah but it's not very strong
you see yeah oh we're not gonna do this
level guys I mean that will get me the
box
so okay we've got the box we've got four
moves to get rid of three monsters never
gonna happen in a million years the more
specials come in though see like that's
a bomb I'll just use that to show you
yeah use the bomb so you can see it's
gonna end my level I had two bosses left
to kill so am i actually quite far away
but I got the two boxes so we're gonna
restart this level failed it gives you
like some nice things to collect so it's
a feel-good effort now we're going to
introduce some forfeits okay if I don't
do this I'll start playing quicker if I
don't do this we have got some tweezers
here and Matt is gonna be able to pull
body hair out for me on my face
somewhere he can choose a head to pull
out of my head if I don't do it so we're
gonna be involving a little bit of pain
in this pretty much that this is like
I'm at the really frustrating point
where I actually spent money on this app
because I've been stuck on this level
for so long and it does the thing at the
end where it's like oh five extra moves
here's some bars so I did actually spend
like five pounds when getting some extra
bars but I still can't get past this
level so my aim is to get past 46 in
this video Matt's gonna be time in three
minutes I went through so I'm gonna be
paying quickly and try to speak 3
minutes you ready yeah
3 2 1 let's go okay let's go let's go
let's go
strawberries get rid of them got
something we got a lot of green in here
get rid of that lots of blue this is
good okay
go yellow there cuz then it opens that
up not really much happening but we're
just gonna build up for the bombs right
now oh look at all those I just thrown a
tooth in the little rascal okay we're
building this up I still need to crack I
see I need to crack over this side
oh no the red doesn't affect him okay
Green Green Green Green red doesn't
affect him you're so annoying mate green
blue okay we get few blue we've got
green bomb we've got our first special
can I use it can I use it no because
there's only two tiers only two greens
there so I can't use it
two minutes left two minutes okay that's
gonna open up this side we've opened up
this side here we go
there's so many Reds but this guy I can
use a green bomb see I go down there go
down there there's no more greens but
that will do that will nearly get rid of
the monster but how many Reds there are
it teases you like this all the time
blue get rid of that and the monsters
still alive dude seriously you're
definitely dead now okay look at all
these Reds I'm like freaking out because
there's so many Reds I don't know it's
start I don't like this pressure we're
going to do this because it's next to
the box we've got a red bomb in there
that's great news you see because I'm
linked okay here we go now we're talking
now we're talking now we're talking oh I
see the big monsters oh it's got a long
lifeline right look at
we're gonna get that get that get that
hit left okay
I really got to sit we've got six moves
I'm doing I'm absolutely no we're gonna
do that to get the box bombs galore see
we're doing better on the monsters but I
haven't got anywhere on the boxes yet
how long how long how long what we said
in Boise okay
timing I'm not I see a conch I can't get
the boxes ah
see it's like our oh boy I've got what
one monster yeah did you see that I had
one box and pretty much one monster to
kill there we go
what are you gonna go for you find that
Whitney we got quite cleaners actually
ever do nose in my not very hairy ears
I've got quite hairy I'm not grubby boy
I gave for news oh no first anybody so
nice of her
see one man can you be not be cared for
just one hair don't think all we all
grab a whole lot see what happens I'm
sweating on my jump already
hurry up go hey come on come on come on
come on see it's hard under time because
I need time to Tatsuki think about one
do you know boom boom boom boom look at
that we need to crack that ice crack in
there - I've got bad feeling that it's
level already if I said no as I'm two
minutes left know what I do what I do
what I do what I do do that because it's
like do I go for the boxes or do I go
for the monsters it's like capturing
that see why I do that did absolutely
nothing literally did nothing same as
that why am i doing that
I'm pressured under time if I do that
always the quantity Reds can a minute
and a half just shambles this one this
is an absolute right off like I said I
haven't got any specials oh great God
blue bomb nothing close to it as blue
are brilliant look how many Reds I've
got I'm just doing Red's doesn't it
doesn't help with the monster Oh guys
I'm stressing well done yes the monsters
gone okay look at that really glad with
this already happy
my mum would be proud good ear hair this
time good Tom my Khan went look at all
my I've got four bombs there hon use any
of them
oh yeah wow look at that move yeah oh
look there's a bomb now you can use a
bomb huh
that was awful give up here we go what
yeah yeah I didn't even do it go in jei
stabbing me yeah are you still poor yeah
I did get you out promise you going
eyebrow ah wait don't
can you get one on the outlet one that
noise to be done don't just go in the
middle I don't know which what's needs
to be done there you go that's good
ah definitely got a clump you can't like
cheaply pull though oh yeah one that
like this one really that was WOW
you just said radium pool you would not
have a career in facial hair management
all right come on restart restart
restart this time no same time no the
same time the same time is no it's not
that
so you wait no two minutes 30 minutes 30
minutes glad we all agreed on two
minutes 30 well okay we've got monster
I'm trying to think about this best I
can
okay that nope see I've missed one out
there you need to stop cracking that
side now we can get the Blues in don't
for a two for my way mate yes there we
go so now we can calm down hit ah look
at those beautiful greens or your green
bomb ready isn't our maid jog on okay
okay okay
how can I get close to the boxes how
many close to what is ah I'm gonna have
to do bread just to get rid of those and
then I get loads more down there I'm
gonna use a green bomb boom look at
that's getting down to the box but not
really affecting the monsters right yet
oh there's a big yellow there's a big
yellow you're four monsters come on come
on Marcus cigarette I know
need to get the box how can I do that
I'd have to go that way
always helped me out help me out getting
into a big blue oh no it's just ruined
it that's gonna not do anything thank
you nope come on come on
oh no I think it can get the box and get
the box Oh massively on yeah but we can
get the box like that so I've got the
box seven moved up massive blue what I
do okay okay okay okay okay
bombs bombs galore blue look at this oh
yes oh yes oh yes oh yes okay come on
this has got this has got to work five
seconds that's better because he gets
two bombs Oh may I need to get that box
but I've got to monster skill and four
moves Oh No 15 seconds
No we blew on as well and I got blue
bomb oh I need to get a box 5 second and
playing on energy five extra moves ok
I'm doing five extra members
well you can stop you can pull the hair
while to do extra moves plus five moves
oh no one saw that massive yeah we're
wait top here where it's not getting
that box to see anything
oh no look at this Oh oh my oh my oh my
oh my god oh that is amazing
that monsters done I've just got to get
that box I've just got to get that box
how can I get that box Oh three movies
oh my god no it's not gonna get yes is
I've been stuck on that level for so
long and I didn't cheat unfortunately
you still what happens well you ain't
when you pass the level you get three
keys to unlock so if diamonds go up
there these little furry things
basically you can upgrade your bugs and
they upgrade your bugs as well so my
bugs say I want to upgrade gene or
Jeanne you can see it needs 1500 furry
things and 150 of those so I click a
ball this is what I would tell me it
will use so I can use my diamonds and
sets like that yes so he's now evolved
see so you can grow your bugs and
like get them stronger and better skills
and all that stuff - I'm explaining this
just so I'm putting time off getting a
hair pulled out of my head my toes are
tape like said one of the good things at
this game guys is no no you're the neck
I'm going bit can you go bit neck only
one yeah what try one of the good things
at this game is it can be played offline
I know I'm going in there on planes you
can play it you don't need internet
connection to play it I need to burp oh
that made me burp Wow I'll leave a link
for you to download it in description
it's for free and you can also get it
from the Apple App Store or the Google
Play Store they're actually giving away
a free gift for you if you're playing in
this game which is gonna be on Saturday
August the sick so make sure if you want
the free gift you downloaded it and
you're playing it by then so yeah I hope
you enjoyed this fun little more Marcus
video playing games if you want to see
me doing more stuff like this give the
video a thumbs up good luck playing the
game I want to see your tweets if you
beat me on the level I'm on like saying
you've now seen I'm up to level 47 so
I'm setting the standards pretty high
yeah other than that I will see you will
be with tomorrow moving on video all
right bye
