hey hey hey how are you doing you're
beautiful sexy beep bull so I'm working
with HP on this video who have teamed up
with myself and the wonderful vamps for
a really really exciting competition
that you guys can enter which I'll be
telling you all about at the end of the
video so for today's video I thought
it'd be really fun to recreate Drake
songs so I've chose three popular Drake
songs that most of you probably know and
I have recreated some of the lyrics in
them in what I think is a funny way okay
so the first straight song I'm gonna be
remix in is controller I'm sure most you
guys know the song but this is what it
goes like this then you like it when I
get aggressive this is my version of it
I like it
on rice cakes it smoothies oh when I
spread you on my rye bread over but oh
but yes
song number two again is a very popular
drink song it's called one dance I need
a one dance got a Hennessy and
and he sings it much better than me here
is my rendition of it that's what I need
a one tab got a smoothie in my hand
Pokemon go on my phone double jab it
till I go home that's why I need a one
there got a smoothie in my hand Pokemon
go on my phone
double jab into the go home and the
final Drake song we are going to be a
remix in monkey pop but style is hold on
I think it's just good hold on no this
is called hold on we're going home
can't snapchat the phone I can't hold on
I hope you enjoyed that little challenge
video now I'm gonna tell you about the
competition which will make sense as to
why I made this video in the first place
so yes HP have teamed up with me and the
vamps and they're challenging fans to
recreate the chorus of one of the vamps
hit songs wake up sure you guys have any
other song I'm gonna play for you anyway
do you know the song that lighter than
that
so other ages have been reinvented with
pounding so for
anyone can enter this competition all
you have to do is tweet using the
hashtag reinvent music but your tweets
have to be inspired by the HP x360 all
right I'm gonna give you some examples
to help you out so one example might be
you turn my world upside down get it and
flip my heart around so another example
because the laptop has good battery
could be it's taken a long time to get
here our song still playing strong the
winning lyrics of this whole competition
will be announced in a special
livestream performance by the vamps but
the only way you can find out is if
you're following me on snapchat which is
Marcus Butler because I'll be announcing
it on Friday the 12th of august so good
luck if you're entering I hope you've
taken some fantastic inspiration from my
utterly brilliant remakes of Drake's
songs I remember the lyrics have to be
inspired by the HP x360 so good luck and
I will see you guys tomorrow another
video all right
