hello beautiful takes people welcome to
the kitchen oh my god aren't you so
excited for today's video because we are
back in the deep-fried kitchen baby yeah
look at that even camera shakes and
everything whoa crazy Before we jump
into video though I just want to talk to
you guys quickly about hello world I
need to go hand hello whoa we've stopped
the hello hello world you may have seen
me tour but on other platforms some of
your up with favorite YouTube's talking
about it
but it's basically a live nice event
that mini and a bunch of other youtubers
that you probably watch are involved
with you can get tickets to the show
top-line description I'll also put a
link to the website where you can find
more info about what exactly is going to
be going on it's basically going to be a
chance for some of you to meet so your
favorite youtubers there's gonna be live
performances
there's giving musicians there's gonna
be rappers it's gonna be DJ sets I might
make an appearance as a rapper but it's
gonna be really really exciting and I
would love for you guys to come so if
you wanna check out and get tickets
it's a transcription anyway on to
today's video we have got the stinky
deep-fry back I save sync key product
that literally sinks out the whole house
it is horrendous but that's what we do
for you guys on wall markers if it's the
first time you're watching subscribe
welcome today way deep frying Starbucks
and anything you put Marcus you can't
deep fried drinks I know we realize that
when we try to defy ice cream mousseline
them nearly set fire to the house so we
have as always had a fire and safety
check regulations in place in case
anything goes wrong number one is a
cinnamon bun
got that all right you know the score
guys we've got a deep-fried batter mix
here so we're just gonna drop it in and
hope for the best
satisfying slap slap slap my favorite
thing this is deep frying is how much it
goes under your nails I love that you
prefer that all the smell of the oil
lingering for hours I'd rather buy my
nails and the smell of oil it was get
bit penalty about the tank just drop it
oh that's good
that's a really good one my hand I am
worried one day you're gonna like hit
that hand or what it's just gonna fly
like straight in our faces I hate the
smell so much guys honestly the smell it
does look like sake drink that's ready
yeah it's close the Brady ones like soak
up all the oil as well don't they that's
actually don't thanks good though
one two three boo
so next from Starbucks we've got a
couple that's quite wide you might have
to cut back on our
were you a cookie man the Cookie Monster
get involved slap it down stick it in
swirl it round wouldn't it be funny if a
lot of viewers are like bugging their
parents to do these videos with them but
to recreate them parents you don't know
what you're in for
that's what you're coating yeah they're
not the bomb oh no just stuck at the
bottom that's never a good sign all your
expectations for this lowered ha ha ha
that's our podcast go to have a listen
but if cookie or what we saw in the
Starbucks today what do you think is
gonna happen I think it's going to taste
quite nice you're right I'm worried
about the bread ease the brady stuff
because that always does consume the oil
that looks pretty good though sure you
give it a spin you are getting very like
competent with this aren't that one
business up there yeah what could that
be cooled I don't know you know I'm
fried that's no bad Mar fra mauro
but fry but fry okay got it so I rock
fry but it actually does that mean this
would be good because it is in chocolate
in the middle well I don't remember the
things being oily last time mm-hmm two
three down you go lovely oh we got Jimmy
we've got cheeky chocolate brownie
I think that'd be the best my favorite
desserts get involved
okay tango you stinky stinky brownie I'm
not sure about these you know if it was
quite hard to get the batter to stay on
them brownie is done drop it in hmm
alright that is a hundred percent on the
bottom fries little tonight days this is
like a rescue mission now isn't it
that's great
looks a bit sad is stuck Oh careful
don't flick it a lot um it's quite
impressive deep-fried Starbucks brownie
feels amazing that actually that's quite
good doesn't it
would you give it a ten on look so I
would say that is honestly a ten look at
that the batter is lined symmetrically
around there's a good crisp feeling
around there I feel that Jamie Oliver
trying to explain one of my products
right now inside we've got a soft but
fluffy Center how we like it
oh that is going to be good isn't it you
would hope brownie
is this the colors now why'd they all
look so around lifeless right we got
after the cinnamon swirl looks very oily
actually we go Hana no it's quite good
actually
it's good I'm not a big cinnamon fan but
I wouldn't like that on its own so
that's why I'm not like all but it does
taste very good
r10 i'll give us six all right next up
we get the cookies still boiling
honestly they made me come back to that
alright we go for the brownie we've lost
the bottom but that's because they had a
sad ending on the floor here yep Oh
unbelievable 12 out of 10 really no okay
thanks why right cookie I'm looking for
this honestly
oh this because it melts in the middle
hmm and the batter's nice and light
American so that rounds up the Starbucks
deep fried video my favorite thing was
the brownie was I think that is my
favorite thing we've ever deep-fried I
hope you guys enjoyed this give the
video a thumbs up if you did and we will
see you very soon for another deep
frying video
