hello you're beautiful sexy people I'm
going to be sharing 24 horror stories
they'll put you off meeting celebrities
one day at the grocery store I saw
Selena Gomez is a huge fan so I went up
and tried to talk to her but tripped
over my shoelace and fell flat on my
face right in front of her all I could
say was you're pretty and then ran away
if you run away did you lose a shoe if
your chute is undone that's not that I
mean it's quite bad but I'm sure she
would have been sweet and probably
laughed at you as you ran away a friend
of mine saw Nick Lai she who's a clay
she his wife Vanessa at University of
Cincinnati basketball game because she
was so starstruck
instead of yelling hey Vanessa she
yelled hey Jessica as in Jessica Simpson
Nick Lee a cheese ex-wife that's not
that awkward no it was quite awkward I
thought I mean I feel bad for them
because he's probably like for God's
sake like this that this is not my
ex-girlfriend get get with the times I
once saw Pierce Brosnan resort while on
vacation I was so nervous
I fell off the sidewalk as we passed one
another what a great story though did he
see you fall was he did you walk past
him and you fell as you cross paths
did you break a bone and she fell over I
want to know more what happened I was a
meet and greet very on Grande and before
we took the photo
I thought Tripp loudly it was kind of a
long silence and then she shifted away
from me a bit and smiled awkwardly my
picture isn't the cutest by still framed
it that's you know ones I've never I've
never heard a fart oh he's so far I
possibly smell a football not sure
whether that's coming from meal then
though could be an awkward for both
parties though silent but deadly I'm six
I told Busy Philipps
I watched white chicks at least once a
week and she told me that that's the
most pathetic thing she's ever heard she
seems nice
when I was 14 Seth Meyers was the
entertainment at my school's annual
fundraising party that same night my
friend had unwittingly given me a large
cup of strong Irish coffee thinking it
was non-alcoholic
I proceeded to our Ceph to dance with me
twice and then volunteered on behalf of
one of my friends to ask a girl in his
entourage if she was on Gossip Girl and
that's the story of the first time I
ever got drunk wouldn't really call
these horror stories
they're like little funny embarrassing
kid stories first let me admit that my
slave crush is and has always been Josh
Peck when I saw him at Hotel Chicago a
few years ago I was so overwhelmed I
leaned in and whispered you smell just
like I imagined you would he didn't run
away he said thanks that's my natural
scent think I've said that song before
actually my brother accidentally punched
Bruce Springsteen the face while he was
running down the aisle at Jazz Fest
that's actually quite funny
many years ago I lips you ran into
Alexandre skarsg√•rd INSCOM I tried to
step back and apologize my hair got
stuck in his jacket I realized who it
was and I panicked when my hair wouldn't
come loose
I started babbling apologies and always
screamed I swear I'm not doing this on
purpose
he just loved help me untangle my hair
patted me on the head like a child and
hurried off I wanted to die again it's
not that tragic if anything that's gonna
that's gonna form a bond between you and
Alexander Skarsgard
and can we just listen to that sound for
a lil bit longer someone is being broken
into number 11 I was on the news the
same day Martha Stewart was on to do a
segment on cookin they offered me a
piece of peach pie and it tasted so bad
I spat it out as I spitting out my pie
she walked in and looked right at me mid
spit well at least she saw you spitting
out a pie rather than could it be not
worse yeah I mean did she I want to know
more was she like always is that my pie
that you just spat out or just some
other form of food that you're not
interested in I worked on the set of The
Perks of Being a Wallflower I didn't
know who Azra Miller was assumed he was
an extra and asked if he was interested
in acting when he was older I don't know
who he is either yeah good
haha
