hello why is that on your beautiful sexy
beam Oh today I'm just gonna jump right
into it we are doing the most
heartbreaking the adorable game of would
you rather ever played would you rather
before but not an adorable version so
here we go
I think it's basically cats or dogs
here's a question for you you're a cat
person or a dog person
I think I'm personally personally more
cat slightly that few because I've never
had a dog I absolutely love animals and
pets so I one day one cats and dogs here
we go would you rather climb with this
precious pup or this nimble kitty that
dog looks cuter than that cat so that's
all 68% I've gone with that dog all
right who would you rather find in your
fridge ah this cool cat or this chill
pup it's gotta be this chill part
because I'm sorry but look how cute they
is they're picking such cute dogs you
can't do this which eyes would you
rather stare into for hours well the
dogs like these pouty blue peppers see
is so oh my god how many people voted on
these who would you rather have driving
your boat oh look at that dog
good-looking guys but I'm gonna vote
count on this or the sleepy skipper
Oh see we are much more even spread
they're much more even spread who would
be the better kitchen helper you guys
need to come on get cute or cats like
these are not that cute pet the dogs
dishwasher doggy see who's gonna say no
to that
I mean 48 thousand people but still who
would you let give you a ride
cat or the dog this grumpy motorist this
tight little guy the dog just looks
cuter again seriously come on guys this
tight little guy
which of these friends would you adopt
this cute called you mix this
disinterested Kitty this cute I'm you
know I'm representing cats now so going
with the cat doesn't matter if I'm in
the minority everyone loves an underdog
under dog uh-huh which silly face would
you rather see each day not that dog is
ugly I'm sorry so that cat for sure
this sneezy feline hey we've got a cat
winner we pulled it cat out the Hat
never even do puns I'm like the most
unplanned
which is your favorite pair of sleepy
BFFs this couple of pups or these Ying
Yang Twins I mean the dog I like a
ginger cat I love a bit of ginger
so especially if there's two of them if
there's the opportunity to stroke -
ginger pussies I'm gonna be there I'm
also a minority again
but hey apparently didn't just have more
fun we would you rather accompany on the
next visit to the vet ah this get scared
scaredy-cat on the contemplative pup
that dog is so cure just one
rabbits little like rolls and cur yeah
so did everyone else whose tongue would
you let licked you forever that picture
the cats are really quite cute
so this bright-eyed buddy I hang out
with the cat ah the cat did slightly bad
so out of all of that guys there was
only one winner for the cats one winner
for the cats I'm gonna show you a cute
cat okay if I say if and when I get cat
this is what I'm gonna get Berman
because they all just look crude a
little look at this one's no face
they're blue eyes honestly they're so
cute when they're a kid in their little
fluffball so if that was on if that was
in the quiz they would want sure anyway
that's enough of me sharing weird cats
of you so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video give it thumbs up if you did I'll
see you tomorrow
video goodbye
