baby
yeah what's going on beautiful sexy
people welcome to one of my favorite
videos you know what it is
it's me sharing five of my favorite
songs and I've got some exciting news
because I have got a new playlist which
I'm very excited about because it is
cool I'm gonna start doing it because
I've had this total chill place for so
long but I create this new on cooled q3
16 so it's like quarter 3 of 2016 so I'm
gonna do these like every three months
and hopefully that will be quite cool so
yeah go follow me and enjoy that stuff
so the first song we're playing is on
fire by rally Ritchie
I need any deep sea I just wanna still
week with me baby let me speak up let me
be free let me reach Pete he's diving he
sounds like damn
go fast and
I'm on fire I don't know what says that
it sounds like baby
so yeah that is on fire this playlist is
on fire too this is about me by Bank EI
y & que
it's like silver has cool vibes in it I
really enjoyed the song the next time
I'm training with you is arigato arigato
by Judy Burgin vogue and it's pronounced
but it's nice quite a heavy drop this
and it goes back to chill again this is
a very much more chilled song this is
called foreign by Sam gute throat this
is great I imagine if you're in a park
chill like in the Sun with some friends
and I speak guitar and some rap over the
top
so really mellow vibes a big fat one
sway and of the north but it's a chain
smokers remix chain smokes a pretty
freakin cool I told you that I saw them
live easy and they were incredible you
guys know the chainsmokers they're like
have very heavy drops
spit moss the beach
Oh
oh yeah that is sway chainsmokers
roommates
Anna of the north so yeah and just to
finish the video if I know I've done an
extra song but I do absolutely love this
song
yeah is a Coldwater Major Lazer feat
Justin beeps and Mo I really hope you
enjoyed these songs yeah full of my
Spotify is Marcus Butler and my
playlists on there because I really do
think you'll enjoy the stuff on there
and I updated quite a lot so yeah open
that I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow
in our video bye babe
