hello you beautiful sexy before today's
video is guessing youtubers books by
one-star Amazon reviews let's face it
there's a lot of YouTube books now a lot
of those books are gonna receive
criticism including mine this is by what
I haven't chose this silent no but it's
like a little game this is gonna be
impossible how my mana gets this the
first one it's alright long to literally
anyone's butt that should be free stars
that's quite harsh isn't it yeah the
finger could have slipped so anything is
amazing does it get free stars I mean it
has to be like incredible to get four
stars
yeah well then unbelievable with your
five stars it's right this could
literally be anyone's but you're free
guess it's mine no I need I need
something beauty pie no zoella no this
I'm gonna get none out none on this does
not set a good example for young adults
I understand that there are many
spelling mistakes and they are done on
purpose
however this does not help a young
adults still in education this person
referring to themselves because they
complaining about their spelling
mistakes and they cannot spell well they
don't know how to put words correctly
into a sentence is various
sprinkleofglitter know is this I don't
mean it's me like it's tiny birds first
but no guess is a boy girl to girl the
English no there's Merlin sings yes I
reckon I reckon that's Miranda leaving
it her own comment on the book I reckon
it is this is the hardest challenge
we've ever done it's tricky you get more
than three get more than one sorry but I
thought the book bad I read the first
few pages and I was bored oh I hope
that's not met anything Joe sugg no this
is lychee like just say any one out of
300 youtubers who has a book and hope
you're right if Dan and Phil know I'll
give you a clue it's a British boy Olli
what yes yes ding just utter tripe
general is funny I'm pretty sure this is
me today
try-try
what does tripe I'm in the 65 year old
man who lives on a farm
exactly just over Detroit thanks for
your review the cover of the book had a
red and blue stain slash print all over
the author's face and the back page was
completely covered with the red print
question mark you get one star know what
they say don't judge a book by it's
cover red and blue Caspar Lee no it's a
girl
is it autobiographical no lifestyle
Tanya burr yes
I'm smashing it out pop it was talk and
stormy night on a paperback Joe sugg no
his no no that doesn't count doesn't
count didn't say that but you didn't
even know it'll say no I'm just saying
doesn't count
yeah it's not those Zoey no it's a male
youtuber not pewdiepie I actually get
one more guess it's an american youtuber
Chamberland
yeah showing oh I'm looking at the date
of that 24 four is 2015 this might only
yes because I'm thinking who has done
book before then I didn't order this I
was charged though good
loads of insight on that Wow bloody hell
jo Seok no I'll give you a clue be fun
get wrong so it's a female youtuber
grace Helbig yes call me a book one
that's also the hardest challenge I
think I've ever taken part so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video give this video
more than a one-star review please I'd
appreciate that and I'll see you
tomorrow with another one bye
