yo what is going on that you beautiful
sexy person maybe that should be might
that might be my intro every day now for
more markers yo what's going on your
beautiful sexy people how's it going
today we're going to be watching rice
gums first video I have I've not seen
this I actually only discovered rice
going a couple months ago I feel like
everyone has only discovered him
recently because he's kind of grown up
now don't get me wrong he is funny
I do find him funny I'm saying as I've
watched three of his videos for his
videos I find it funny I also do you
think he's a bit of a dickhead but it's
a funny dickhead but I thought yeah you
know what it will be funny see what is
first videos because why not never met
writes gum I I don't know how I found
out about him actually I think I found
out that I'm from drama murder
that's a cool show isn't it okay so
let's have it well okay so the first
type of videos what a more for three
gameplay yeah whether it's your boy race
Mays liberal gum you probably brain as
my real name you know Brian I geyser I'm
15 I live in Vegas okay feeling I think
if you're good just to have fun I'm
really funny I think I control people oh
there you go that that is sama from the
beginning when it's 15 he's like I'm
really funny which I mean Koreans are
funny like I'm not a lunch Jascha but
his straight in my and I like to troll
people of course my life story and I
wear one of these I say your life story
life story it was when I was eating my
brother was 12 love the line up one day
part sorry buddy no we're bored of your
modern warfare video no offense I mean
you're a talented player let's move on
today in the life Danah life with rice
gun no get ready for school
I usually keep this light off just
regular school when it's like you just
say when he has ready for school leaves
the light off a thing yeah my actually
seems like a normal bloke Ethel oh there
he is he's a noble vlogger he's got the
a case that ukulele oh here he is
I mean this is a normal plug he's having
he's having a massive issue with
choosing what to wear though like drugs
this is a serious issue right now I
decided to go with this there he is
the switch loving the choice buddy
turned up he's taking the pistol being
serious like looking really nice
okay and he keeps saying swag I don't
know his videos well enough to know if
he's being serious enough okay could
learn some hair tips here so loves why
doesn't know I don't use a shower and
that'd be easier okay so it has wet and
you put the wax in all see me buddy I
can't do that
mine is gonna be dry before I open my
Maxim maybe we can share some hair tips
it seems like has the same struggles as
me doing the same motion with your hand
in the same part of your hair for a good
three minutes that looks like the
world's biggest toothbrush or is that
it's that big toothbrush sure is ah it
looks huge
well I always do this I'll stink up the
whole classroom whiner
ah but yeah maybe the morning shits I
mean that is true blogging right there
respect for that holiday vlogging whilst
taking her done that's how about mixed
tears baby I'm not dropping mixes he's
dropping mixed days now this is true to
himself ice is still dark in your room
why is this so dark this in the morning
but don't call me for eyes at school
today you know I sure the Floyd
Mayweather I reckon he's actually quite
funny I'd like to meet me realize how
young is he yeah that's great isn't it
is he like 16 how are you at high school
I'm doesn't look 16 no get a lot of
songs a little bit annoying but I can't
complain because I was exactly the same
so this is totally nervous blogging in
public when you holding the camera down
here and you're like yeah guys um so I'm
actually going right now we're just
walking to school right now so good
let's be so good it's great angle come
really see the face as well huh
you didn't film any of your schooling
looking forward similar school
I've never been to high school so come
home from school take a nap how
relatable I only give away my address if
you could you to show at my house like
did he have subscribers his kid because
your first vlog in like you guys are you
chef Mouse oh I'm pretty sure that's
where he still is now because he still
has that chair dude we got the same
chairs man you're seeing on a Marcus
your ass is Sal me yeah I'm pretty sure
that's still where is now we sit here
I'm sorry but you don't know 100 likes
is a Sept worst hundred likes Wow thank
you for watching and drop that like it
we'll see you next time
thanks man oh he's gonna jump on the bed
oh and there he is oh yeah what a way to
end the video I think that's a pretty
good virtue to video to be completely
honest
I don't know if that is his first like
you know actual actual video because so
many youtubers have a deleted those but
saying that seems alright yeah I you
guys enjoyed this video if there's
something else like this that you want
me to react to or watch then let me know
and what your thoughts on rice gum a
rice eg let me know na love you and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video
goodbye
