yo what is up your beautiful sexy people
today I am reacting to Jacob sahtouris
new music video I have not seen this I
saw his first music video sweatshirt I
before get into this video I want to say
that I have I have mixed emotions about
this this boy I've never met him but I
feel kind of sorry for him because he
gets a lot of shit that he does he gets
so much shit from so many people so
people I know give him shit
he's 13 i hears he is he's a little boy
and maybe he'll regret some of this in
the future maybe you won't who knows I
mean his bank account probably won't but
let's let's PC just get into this also
how cool is this I'm wearing a Zayn
t-shirt yeah you see this Zayn the same
space
this is his exclusive merchandise that I
got sent because apparently his team
reached out to me and they sought I
followed him and they're like yo we
should give you some stuff and I was
like ok
Zayn me you want to work on a rap song
hit a brother up
hit or miss here we go this kid is huge
like he's huge I mean no he's actually
quite small but his followings huge
oh-ho cheeky sponsor right there sorry
you're older okay just
I made me calm really sad like
it's like karaoke
so let's now worry about ammo we have a
go melee like the beat so far thoughts
are I don't think this is this would
make it into my favorite songs I'm
listening to right now but buck his head
he's 13 he's he's probably just going
through puberty right now you know he's
got lots of emotions and hit or miss we
all good baby we all right
that's not worried about tomorrow which
is true when your 13 year old you
shouldn't be worrying about tomorrow
2013 you don't have that many problems
in life good Jacob good
oh hello like an older man to be rough
in China take you to the dance the
places that they can go what's your name
in all seriousness I think you should
stick to rapping if you're going to go
down one of these routes be it rapping
because sound
he sounds alright I I'm you know he
sounds alright yeah she sounds quite
good and wrap it and then the singing
comes we just live it who's his friend I
want to see is driving the car this kid
needs his kid his friend he's stopped
touching his hair also guys I know you
filming a music video and all but you
should really be wearing your seatbelts
if you had a crash could be very
dangerous so next time Jacob who you see
well on buddy
oh the back of the hair again there is
always he's come find his friend more
funny than him let's go cheeky lip by
going on why not
he's also rocking the all-white so oh
that's person driving oh wait of course
but I mean he's not gonna be driving
he's 13 isn't he oh he's 13 Oh seriously
this guy this guy's gonna need to wash
his hair like seven times a day the
amount he touches it I mean I touch my
hair a lot but jeez this is this a
four-minute video as well yeah
can we get hair color because it's a
parametric are more advanced than ours
guys person is there
he's also 13 rapping about electrical
love so have you been in love yet Jacob
buddy do it do what what we talking
about here just being the overprotective
adult here in situation if I was your
dad I feel like it could be a dad and if
I was the do mates dad I buy him some
hairspray so he doesn't have to touch
his hair so much Oh is Mayer's
constantly worrying about tomorrow's me
he must be worrying every 10 seconds
about how his hairs in a bloody oh it's
just the kids know you can still have
fun when you're an adult
I have lent lent er plenty of fun oh oh
I'm honestly like being serious now I'm
concerned for his friend I think he has
got head lice
maybe that's what maybe he was like
Jacob mate I can't I can't help you film
say sorry but my mum's been combing my
hair I'm just with so much like console
bitch in my hair and Jake's like look
this is the only time my mum can drive
us out - in and out and get milkshakes
and he's okay I'll just have to come but
as long as you don't want me touching my
hair every 10 seconds to scratch it
Jacobs I don't worry because we don't
have any problems with my kids I reckon
that's the deep meaning behind the video
id' a lovely and then they get dropped
off probably on the way to school or
something lovely what a what a nice
little video yeah who's gonna stop that
there I I feel sorry for him I do kind
of I mean he has a shitload of fans but
he also gets a lot of hate and I don't
know him as a person so and I don't know
what surrounded him well enough so I
don't know but I he's a little boy isn't
he I feel more sorry for his friend and
I do think if you need any hair tips
mate drop me a comment I'll recommend
you some something that could help
possibly maybe some good hairspray by
the meantime I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
I don't know so like patronizingly
within that video bow like that and I'll
see you tomorrow
in our video all right love you guys bye
I'm up I'm up I'm up I'm up
I know that these videos
so electrical so come worried
so
