hello welcome back to fanfiction that's
why man invest what happened last time
Alison flew back to Boston she got to
the airport and all of a sudden Brendan
was there because her family for his
good idea to bring Brendan her
ex-boyfriend who she hates Marcus is
also just bought a plane ticket to go
out to see her and Brendan just kissed
her but she hasn't told Marcus this so
that's where we're at
a few days have gone by I decided to
call the one and only mom hello hey
Alison honey I just need to tell you
something are you back together with
Brandon what you think I'm dating
Brandon why would you think that
wishful thinking I suppose she always
did think we made a good couple why
because she looked getting pictures
together of course
haha really mom there was always
something there at YouTube and the way
he was looking at you the other day was
just you know but that won't work why
honey don't be sad the things you didn't
work out the first time with you and
Brandon you two can work it out mom it's
not that what is it then I met someone
else someone else like a boy yes oh so
what's his name his name is Marcus
Marcus yeah I met him while I was
traveling last month we started dating
and things kind of took off from there
hmm sounds like a romantic novel huh Oh
most definitely our relationship is the
envy of all relationships hahaha he's
actually coming next week to visit if
you'd like to meet him
of course I want to meet him I need to
know who my daughter is dating after all
well I apologize for pushing Brennan
towards you to begin a new relationship
I didn't know it's the right mom next
time just ask my permission before you
go tell her guys to go after me okay
we'll see
okay BYE MOM bye now I hope that someone
said something to Brendan and I refuse
that someone to be me deal with you at
all problems yourself just go Brenda
mate I've got a boyfriend
nothing could have prepared me for this
day today is the day when I have the
ability to see the one and only Marcus
Butler I arrive at the airport
awaiting Marcus's arrival I've missed
him so much I saw a plane from the
window landing knowing it was Marcus's
and I jumped out of my seat is this girl
like a plane watcher Jersey do you know
how many planes land an airport and
Heathrow like it's one every 30 seconds
leaves and takes off she that's
definitely the Boeing a three four seven
eight nine I saw the first few passages
exit the plane and I rush towards the
gate exit a grin overcoming me I'm sorry
you go to the arrivals to pick someone
up from an international airport you
don't see him get off the plane
you just don't a traveler I know I
immediately know it's my six-foot tall
boyfriend walking hurriedly looking up
and recognizing me down I'm six at one I
don't talk about yourself come on
he walked up to me and hooked me pulling
me close to him in which I hugged him
tightly back feeling protected in his
arms
I know for a fact nobody said anything
to Brendan and after the stunt he pulled
I can tell he's not letting up I drove
to my apartment if marks as happy as can
be marks my jam to the radiator
screaming the lyrics having people look
at us from other cars we stop by
Starbucks for coffee on the way and it's
obviously no place to be yes it is the
place to be
afterwards we arrive to my apartment I
saw one of the strangest sights it was a
bouquet of plastic flowers on my front
door with a card marks looked at me and
I could feel him stiffened beside me
stiffened like he's got a hard-on or
sniffing who's back from I side with
frustration I picked up the card and
read it with Mark it's reading over my
shoulder Ali I give you these flowers to
represent our love please give me
another chance you won't regret it
Brendan who's Brendan I never would want
my relationship marks to be brewing
because the Brendan what an asshole
Brendan is my ex-boyfriend I glared at
the flowers and picked night before Sun
locked my apartment door I'm walking in
quickly
Oh what was your ex boyfriend soon a new
flowers open my window by the garage
pars on the edge of the building so I
can make an accurate shot before marks
and he else I said Marcus these flowers
definitely symbolize my love with
Brendan I picked up the red plastic
flowers tossed them out the window to
add to the collecting garbage fake what
a joker I explained the entire story to
Markus him remaining quiet the whole
time came a bit emotional at the
apartment I told him why I wasn't
planning on telling him I knew I
wouldn't be able to tell me anything I
understand you didn't want to thank you
Marcus and don't curiosity runs next
time you plan on seeing this Brendan guy
never I wanted to meet him shake his
hand
but everything was okay shake his hand
hey mister steal yo girl how's it going
buddy smile be best mates you know the
whole bit are you all right mate the
face of someone shitting themselves is
literally one of the funniest things I
will ever see in my entire life you know
you're not that strong
you're not that hard I'm glad that made
you happy I hate how simple I am
that same night marks and I headed out
to my family's home for dinner there
marks is one of the most competent guys
I know I could tell he's a bit nervous
when we pulled up to my house Mark's
didn't immediately open his car door
your I asked yo just fine he said I can
tell you're nervous Marcus he looked at
me of a cheeky grin and why really that
easy to read uh-huh top balance between
you two seriously I'm home everyone no
response
mark smile up stranger each other
everyone's cars were here who was there
other than the only infamous
ex-boyfriend
Brendan her mom's a bitch Brendan just
fuck off
mark had sent me stiffened she's
deafening now and before anyone could
say in here like tell him I figured out
who he was what are you doing here I'm
Brendan I wish I assume you're a friend
of Alison's Marcus snickered Oh Maddie's
boyfriend actually boyfriend boyfriend
that's nice how long have you two been
going out for and asked I couldn't help
but notice his eyes wander down to
Marcus his arm clearly strong muscles
now underneath his tough skin
we've been doing since December
I guess Ali wasn't on I get a game a lot
while there then what are you talking
about I asked bit today well we both
know that you don't work well while
distracted and obviously a new boyfriend
is quite distracting Brendon why are you
here
stop you grab my hand this time leading
out the door and walking to the car I
hear the door slam behind us and I
turned to see Brendon Alison I just want
you to know that your behavior is
atrocious and you think you can win me
back through jealousy then you are
looking at the wrong guy he stopped
talking after Marcus punished Brendon
straight in the jaw this time I could
read marks perfectly Brendon shut up go
home and leave Ali alone she's been done
with you for a long time and we're
together now
I asked why he did that because you're
mine I was always yours I love you
Marcus I love you too Ally
after the incident the other day my
family and my family marks night all
decided it would be best if you went out
to dinner marks and I agreed that the
night was a success for me we could see
obvious approving glances from my mother
and father at dinner at a few hours left
until Marcus's flight back to England
beau decided to take him someone who'd
probably appreciate I took him to my
roof that's it and we arrived at the top
he smiled widely without saying anything
I couldn't help but become teary-eyed as
we held on to each other him giving me a
confused look in him asking what's wrong
it's nothing oddly please let me be the
therapist for once it's just that I
haven't been so happy ever it's all
falling into place all that's at least
how it seems everything about you is
what I ever looked for in a girl funny
show Maud is beautiful and finally know
someone whose cheeks get nearly as red
as mine that's actually that's funny
though red cheeks right now haha I
replied good we've been through so much
together happy Marcus I love you more
than anyone else no one else understands
me as much as you do you're making me
sound like an angel well to me you are
oh my god oh my god then to me your
fondue fondue hat yes because everybody
loves fondue
I love you Ali I love you too Marcus
through it all Marx and I have stuck
together everything after I graduated
from Boston uni I moved back to London
where I stayed in apartment or should I
say flat and I had a job as a counseling
psychiatrist about two years ago zamosc
proposed to me indeed on a rooftop and
then a year ago is when we actually
sealed the deal as the years have passed
and I thought about more and more I
don't think it was fate per se but I
don't think it was random twin since
either driven myself close to insanity
thinking about this madness so that's
why I decided to classify our
relationship as will bore us together
what made us find each other that word
right there insanity the end anyway that
rounds up this series of fan fiction if
you want another one give it a thumbs up
comment down below if you think I should
do it maybe we'll try and lie in a
slightly saucy one who knows give the
video a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video bye
