hello I don't know why this is so Orange
I'm not this orange I've been a holiday
but not this orange hang on sometimes
you need to like nope are we just I did
oh that yeah see that that's less orange
there you go welcome back today we are
going to see if we can do this super
hard world flag quiz so I'm guessing
it's obviously very hard but guessing
facts from around the world is a very
hard thing usually into little secret
when I go to different country and I
might all want to tweet with the emoji
right from the country I usually have to
google it just to check that I'm not
doing the wrong one because so many
flags are very similar and there's some
countries that I do know like France and
Brazil but it's when like Italy is
similar to some other countries ones I
don't know but we're gonna find out all
right here we go
super hard oh shit haha England well
it's not it's not Australia it's not
England I don't know what the Russian
flag is Oh an NGO never learns
no it's Russia hokku yeah whoo next lag
is South Korea or is it Tyler it's not
Japan and it's not China but it's South
Korea yeah they're alright so far
probably can offend loads of people too
ah here we go Brazil Germany Croatia
Greece
that's definitely Germany yeah this is
Germany oh hey sir
Marcus me rest ice that's his good yoga
happy really ugly if I was like yeah
it's Germany and then it's not Germany
Oh My giddy odd Iraq turkey Afghanistan
Amman it's not Turkey I know it's not
Turkey I'm pretty sure it's not
Afghanistan I'm gonna wreck no cool
whack-ass on so long I was like oh yeah
pretty short girls on I got you in
geography ecology love geography at
school absolutely loved it got a B GCSE
was like mother had an amazing teacher
was like yeah you know what I'm gonna do
this at college when I go to college I'm
gonna do drugs family and love it as
well absolutely buddy hated it wanted to
drop it off for three weeks of starting
it
because the college was like yeah if you
don't like subject off three weeks you
can drop it so there I was oh sorry guys
don't like geography any chance I can
drop it oh actually no sorry you can
this rule doesn't apply to you so you're
just gonna have to stick with geography
stop going to lessons because I was like
nah I'm just a rebel mate not going to
go strong am I and my attendance went
down to 20% for geography and then they
called in a meeting with my parents so I
had my jaw graffiti chair my forum
teacher and my parents and me means I
look Marx's and going to trophy my
parents are like wow markers this is
really bad and they were like if he
doesn't carry on going we're gonna have
to kick him out of college because his
overall attendance is gonna drop any 80%
so I was like ah okay I'll start going
to geography so I like force myself to
go geography didn't enjoy it came to
taking the exams and I got you so that
means it's ungraded which is like under
25% then I could drop it off at first
year so drop Togepi took up business
much preferred business much more my
thing than geography there's a little
life story about me that's Argentina yes
oh my god I want to say Poland it's not
Belgium Monaco Monaco has its own flag I
think that's mark oh yes yes this is
right that is super hard Panama Mexico
Puerto Rico Paraguay my instinct is
saying Paraguay I'm pretty sure it's not
Puerto Rico not Mexico it's your Panama
or Paraguay haha not what I chose is it
no course not
oh boy they started to up the answers
here they're like oh you know what force
not hard enough
fuck it here's six what I mean it's not
on it's not English not that I mean it's
Australia I know that I don't know why
I'm going through saying it's not that
is ah cool I want to say Pakistan but I
think Pakistan's different color so it's
even Ronald going back to start when
with my instinct I was like I think it
is I'm not gonna go over good Java stuck
with it oh oh yeah cool here we go screw
it we're not giving you any now you've
just got to tell us what it is that's
Norway
that one Norway correct that's Japan
going there what is that is that it's
not Sweden as it sits we done know
Romania sorry
that was that an applause ID yeah that
yeah I'll come on that's so a that
Brazil damn you know your stuff nice job
you got 10 out of 14 oh yeah that's
actually better than I fold I'm
impressed I think I'm most impressed I
got Romania no idea how by go ahead I'm
sure some of you playing along at home
might jump site better than me but it
doesn't matter give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I will see you
I'll see you tomorrow with another video
goodbye
