I imagine this is how Roosevelt in the
Titanic or Jack hello hello hello I am
very excited because we are in LA at the
moment and I have decided to vlog today
because we're doing a day of fun stuff
started in the house because I want to
show you just this little house wearing
because it's a what an amazing view at
the top so tener B&B excuse the mess
yeah we've got our clothes after at the
moment but this is an open window this
kind of comes up and that opens and you
can open it all the way up if you want
some fresh air it's winter in LA which
doesn't look like it when you look
outside winter in LA gets cold at night
so it goes down to maybe like 8 9 10
degrees and in the day it can be up to
about 20 to 23 degrees which is lovely
this is the best bar I got my leg shake
oh okay if you follow me on instagram at
Marcus Butler you will have seen me post
out rody but look you can't the stairs
out into this lovely rooftop view look
at this
waking up to this every day I feel
extremely lucky as you can see it's
stunning I'm staying in Venice it's
where I usually stay in LA because it's
my favorite part
we've also been waking up every day for
7 a.m. every day to sometime between
5:00 a.m. and 7:00 a.m. and actually
been loving it because we get so much
done when you're like 6 a.m. every
single day anyway up for a fun day
I need show you guys our car properly
but it's not absolute beauty I'm
obsessed with a and I'm obsessed of this
supermarket called air one and we come
here every day but they do the best food
so eating some breakfast I talk about
food this is where we come for food
she's choosing what she wanted this is
just the breakfast stuff
nonprofit Arthur sexy slow-motion food
shot and sausages this is what I went
for a sausage skillet and a frittata
that looks looks a heaven
now I can show you guys a better shot of
the car pretty cool huh pretty cool girl
that's coming from the car yeah with
Benny Dave Powell offerin Powell well
bro you're just living this surfer
lifestyle for such surfers in our wet
suits and flip-flops yeah we're suited
and booted we're gonna go an attempt to
surf now with Paul hi Paul we tried to
surf last time with Paul didn't work at
all we hated it so we're gonna try again
gnarly bro surf wads on the car
Baywatch style give me slow-motion
Baywatch music over there oh my god
Pamela Anderson is out to save someone
in her glutes I don't think I think
you're the first person is everyone ugh
boots on the beach
hi my name is Stephanie and I'm scared
of surfing are you gonna keep those
sunglasses on this earth to be fair bet
they'd be pretty good to grip actually
hey we're at Newport Beach and we're
gonna go hit that rad wave bro gnarly
style obviously I'm not gonna carry my
camera in the water see you guys on the
other side to be honest it's really hot
so I mean it's really good for learning
but it's really hard because there's not
much weight so pools like pushing us and
we're trying to get on a wave you did so
well though for your first proper guy
but you can see the waves so so round
two on the sea
it's so cold in the water right now
there's a wave gone boom yes I'm your
number one fan the waves good now look
you could surf that okay I'm gonna get
we're gonna give me away again oh fuck
the camera the camera the camera oh
maybe I shouldn't have took the camera
and I want to surf this
all right so we're going to lunch
this is my ride we're on an electric
skateboard that's our battery so it's
hooked up into my pocket and let's give
it a whirl I'm pretty good at like
riding stuff like this because I
snowboard and gymnastics gaming a
balance so I think I'll be fine
also I've ridden boots it was before for
the electric chruch is on the old
electric bike that dog always got a
traditional skateboard let me control
you
definitely not
mmm here she's just been teaching how to
use this electric scooter you ready to
show them your your stuff sit on it
first
and just remember it goes fast got it
you got it slowly a slow see okay that's
good ass kid where you just go like oh
cool like Napoleon Dynamite
what's your skirt yeah bro what's his
good yeah bro nice next one part of the
day whit was this accordion prior within
this thing cool crowd means that they've
wanted to do it for a long time you
stand in a freezing container and it's
gonna be really good to repair your
muscles and just good for life and
another one of these health trends you
can probably was the benefits of their
top three benefits
okay that's good because I have soreness
from sports at lemon that's what we're
about to do so you put hats on a glove
on you just n sucks and how long do you
go in there for I'm so intrigued so at
the moment is - is that Celsius or
parent Celsius what does it go down to
150 get in all oh that's not how I was
expecting it is it cold yes just
supposed to need a little right it just
looks like you are floating head right
it's only three minutes right and how do
you feel different younger more
successful oh it's very cold more
successful you ready
get yo ass in is it cold right now yeah
he's already cold yeah
I'm gonna do that okay
oh great man
why you dancing so much hello stay still
yeah your bones aren't gonna freeze
oh my god I can't it gets super full all
the blood and your body's kind of
rushing to like under for checks all
your organs I can't feel my legs I mean
no your organs think you're dying in the
world's biggest sleep my god feel like
I've never worn an outfit like this
before
pants with crops and songs and gloves my
nipples are so hard right now
I imagine this is how Rose felt in the
Titanic or Jack sent five two-step
easier here we go
ooh this is so weird that laying candle
wicks drip candle it's candle wax drip
into your ear seems a bit dangerous how
does it feel is it many girl or is it
just gonna burn down to your hair
towards the end of this weird thing take
it off yeah let's do it
try take here so this has been burning
dripping into her ear we're gonna show
you what's on the other side oh yeah oh
my god is that oh your ear what no
that's not it all of it wait for it wait
for it to come this is all coming from
what you oh oh oh oh my god that earwax
no that's all what's coming it was empty
but this came out of my everything in
the bottom that yes yes Marcus Marcus
how much do you did absolutely no but
give up my Instagram account before you
do yeah here we are we have this candle
that is sucking out the dirty works I'm
just very scared that this will like
fall down on Marcus feels very unsafe
but yeah mine looked disgusting I'm very
curious how your ear works looks or how
much you have you look very sad or upset
down there don't be scared no no
how does it feel intense intense okay I
think I think we're ready to go honestly
so hot I can't hear
oh my god I'm very curious let's see oh
dear wax you can unwrap it oh oh my god
okay why is it wet because it's your
earwax is this oh oh this is disgusting
oh my god and you said - disgusting here
is this much big it's an alien oh oh
where is it did it fall down no it's
just when we collect into the bottom
like the cone of a Cornetto you know you
see at the chocolate bit the bottom over
colors are nice oh my god
oh my god that is that was kept in your
ear you need oh my god possible of this
and what the hell is smells of like
lavender
oh yeah because the candle is lavender
how do you feel how does your ear feel
now release Draya no I mean there is
actually oh my god it does that you feel
so much more open right the other one
right yeah high-five we have clean ears
now pause your turn you ready pull I'm
more than ready we're gonna set your
hair on fire prank oh my god you have
such a big ear hole it's so much bigger
than my whole thing just sinks in Brody
is cool see in 10 minutes pool oh my god
it looks like a worm disgusting worm and
there was way more than a caterpillar
yes oh my god oh that's girls pool are
you proud of it very much
