shallow beautiful sexy people welcome to
the video my name's Marcus and I'm not
Irish if you tinkle moreish I also
probably offended a lot of people with
accents so sorry about that welcome to
the channel with your new mitri
subscriber and here I'm speaking very
loud and very energetic oh yeah
subscribe put videos every day
yo let's go today we're back with guest
the youtuber you know the rules of this
series that we do the very popular
series on this channel today is very
exciting because it's a new theme and
today's theme is parents get the
youtuber by their parents now just going
to start starting with this I think it's
going to be very tricky and you can be
very hard what do you think hot fucking
people
I think I'm doing as well so you get a
point forgetting who's youtuber and put
their names well personal premium that's
a third useful if such as all only you
to get judge more news okay and the
rules are same as always
and you're free questions things away
yeah all right Julie let's do it do it
I had no idea literally have no idea
what I'm in line for am i this one the
others you'll be okay and some of that
you have quite famous parents and some
stones God they've done videos with
their child
oh no I'm good is it only wise done no
it's not are they British yes are they
brothers no don't think so okay I'll it
I literally don't know my friends of
them you know the person I don't know if
you're friends you might be is it one of
the gamers once Iseman ah Harry's dad
it's a tree stays yeah your dad is a
widow he looked just like a pedo pedo
mine looks up my dad was his name is
Roger know what's the BMS
I was it Gary no he looks like a Roger
doesn't it all right Roger
Gaza is a Andrew Adrian Adrian Lewis I
never knew a hairy surname or so Island
something the Lewis yes I don't even
sorry Harry Harry mom Oh
so looks like that is Joe and Zoey's
month yes
shit I dunno name boom Big C nice Nazi
looks like a very young photo Zoey
yeah very young begins with T I dunno it
as a thing Tracy yeah well done
three two without invalid color wrong I
think that he's our man a few times
that's fine then was parents you know
alphas mum what does the context of this
photo looks so weird
what is is the thumbnail from one of
their videos is it rice gum yeah this
images so weird IRA me how to describe
it as weird as I hit that yeah you don't
mean kid knows and she's like meeting a
cool home like right gumgum save me give
me a clue or the PM wake up it's free if
named ha forgive me please
you're not gonna get one give me a clue
what's the beginning is you Quinn no
you're not going to get it there is no
going together it quietly let le Quang
Leal le yeah yeah I mean it's me it is
no other yeah I did not know right come
with me hmm that's cool we've been there
what showers Vietnam boy I love your
country who the hell is that is it
what's going on on pit without that
finger what so in case I guess their
fingers oh my god that's so sweaty
exactly there was a thumbnail of the
video on their channel but some mums I
just I know it's definitely not is heart
really are they going to begin
Olli what no nine place they go yes as a
British oh great Helbig
no yeah one more get is a
it jenna Marbles no let's find out okay
yeah unleash you have no idea
Oh Miranda odd never yeah I mean I
haven't seen that video sorry
Kaleem you'll get an X or a she
literally take her hair away that is
captivate that is catalyst page without
the hair honestly is uncanny is a very
strong resemblances yeah what's her name
do you need yes the Emma no Emily yes so
is her name Emily Lee
yeah mustard as complicated as met Emily
Lee he looks very young literally that's
an elegantly endeavor 17 casing floppy
have you known by then yeah it would
become what was around that time that he
came to date at my house smelly Casper
so I'm doing alright so pop you are
doing actually this you've got one who
he's doing well today boys and girls
that is Kate I and veggies dad yes and I
don't know no one can find out hello
secret hidden identity yeah so I just
get an extra bonus point I know oh that
was quick he allegedly you know what
ma'am as well yeah was filmed a video
with desi and no but I'll all you know
does he not live at home still I think
he still lives at home I think I think
he does yes I've met him hang out with
Ellie zisman
so no not 20 okay sorry yes so two
different olicity game of those ah
legend I love Amanda straightaway yeah
she's I see that up quick Alfie's mom
everyone a lot of them a lot of memories
me and a freeze mom ah that's a cheap
honor
I love how you've got the spawn one they
look very similar
you see alfalfa yeah the eyes yeah yeah
yeah I'm seeing it for a while I saw
really up there and she embraced me in a
big hug and luck oh no she'd be shut up
this guy I think is their distress
anyone the best looking on this list of
people okay so you can't see him I think
though you look at what's going on this
beard it's not hanging out of his face
what do you mean what's this I don't
know I just like to blow on the show
right again I mean I don't recognize him
at all
I'm going to go no long should I say
Josh no honestly no idea I know I did it
is a son or daughter is some is the some
good-looking unconventional way no
that's not a bad hand partner who's
unconventionally good-looking on YouTube
never know that means it looks like
history oh I know yeah Susie said that
will dog shit no because when you said
that I saw wheels like the glasses would
make then the hair get that very good
getaway down you wait I'm done I'm done
with question but don't get all right
let's find out no way his name is Oh
teller oh yeah ah you're looking at
right eyes a lot of people essence of
them lasted beer the bit will not bear
it be the very food is very cool trying
to growing my beard and I'm yeah when
you struggle to get that long on
goodbyes are jealous you gonna try and
hit it never do that yeah it's really
yeah look just as quite cool is it
lilies with mum yeah hey know what human
into
Mary no that's all she not have hands
are cool yeah mum is called mother file
of Sciences I don't our thermo now in my
window are we missing Rob and the cool
name my window always wonder if names
like that laughs never heard of that
name is that a popular name from where
they're from
maybe a kind of recognize em are made so
hard
only chich√©n dad yeah that's keen is
not my key in my engineer videos of
today please let's login no way not only
it daily but I think it's blogging I
don't know yes say not just our damn you
know who to get are they British and it
looks quite American yeah no no not just
find out yeah like all slogans isn't it
yeah when you said that I knew that any
chance Gino's name to be mo g battery no
Gilbert Gress there's other son shallow
grave
buck is toilet mum yes and her name is
Janet that closed chain no place mole
get William of Jay yeah Julie no fuck
Jackie ah very close ah what it's on the
phone now like morgues mama oh I'm
running out stay I'm running out of
youtubers oh yeah struggling youtuber
David over it no British mini mentor no
okay Polly why no you're missing a very
big the kana may not know look into our
eyes a huge easy
someone I get upset you done finished
the girl a boy boy Oh Phil Lester yeah I
can see that now I can see that a long
time hey Phil face light-headed like
three times her sauce
and I can find a name so fandom they
definitely know they know they know the
birthday to say Jeff born in a middle
name I thought I down here another
Lester and last one that is chained
orphans mum yes it is how do you test a
quickly because it's my helper
she used to be in so many of his videos
so many I feel like she doesn't mean in
any videos anymore
she got a YouTube channel doesn't change
its life refund they think a quorum at
what to be a move not Tracy no like
Mother Teresa
yeah mother only pop either like three
three wrong three wrong hmm so he hands
up in the sky
can I have not want man well yeah that
rounds up gets the youtuber by their
parent and that was actually very hard
and it was easier than I thought it was
going to be it was still hard but I'm
sure some of you guys playing along at
home got 100 percent cos little YouTube
notes so well done you if you didn't
like next time and yeah welcome not
welcome they see if they know I'm
talking about I will see you guys drive
another video goodbye
