welcome to the kitchen everybody today
I'm doing something that I said I was
going to do on Twitter and finally doing
it if you watch MasterChef you would
have seen I attempted to make healthy
brownies and they went to absolute
I want to show you that they can be made
when everything's remembered to be put
in and they are healthy and they're
delicious and they they're just good all
around so that's what we did today so
I've got my ingredients laid out here
coconut oil coconut sugar cow powder
baking soda walnuts chocolate chips
vanilla extract first thing you do
preheat the oven to 180 degrees but
coconut oil and chocolate chip in a pan
so any 1/2 cup cocoa oil 1 cup of
chocolate chips 1 low heat 3 and we have
put on about 4 so need a lot coat on
you can tell it's hot because coconut
oil is melted without me even doing
anything when cooking I just put one of
these just in there so not down pants
just on the inside of the trouser
so you've always put it there you can
work hands on it I get it
you get two eggs crack these in here no
the one teaspoon of bitter
we do is wait for this to melt this gets
added into that and what we'll do that
with mobile part 2 so we've got three
things going on right now I'm going to
start the third ear
so that's melting away that's going to
be added to there whilst that is I my
concert by here so that is add in each
pin a baking powder like so BAM but also
adding in a quarter cup of raw cacao
powder we don't really know what our
root powder is but someone else knows
feel free to tell me but we add a
tablespoon of arrowroot powder in there
come on it's getting out of them then we
add half a cup of coconut sugar Oh
course it some stuff you can sprint them
at run out so then where I've got the
rocks over here we're just going to
sprinkle the rock so in boom now we just
mix this right here I mean there's not
much to mix but just mixes certain
potholes in a calorie former melted but
I don't want to add boiling into the
eggs because then it will become a bit
like stopped fried eggs and you
definitely don't want to do that what
I'm going to cook this cool prevent this
is where I went wrong I'm a chef I did
this right at the end exercise on this
save some time I need to crush the
walnuts in the blender so we're going to
do that now we're going to remember to
add them in because I forgot admin or my
chef and that's where and everything
might not so your corporate our football
that advant for me Oliver Vitamix things
might get a bit noisy
the last thing to add to the dry
ingredients all of cruft walnuts so you
can add this into here so we add this
and hope that it doesn't start boiling
the eggs
it was too hot though time running out
of time and this started just going like
an egg site skip which is ideal
the big one makes the wet and the dry
ingredients together your looks a bit uh
fried egg II there there yeah big old
stirring on we all so now what I'm going
to do get a little bit of coconut oil
and spread it along the bottom of the
pan the reason for this is because you
don't really want it to stick to the pan
so you don't need much hope just a
little bit and I'm actually going to put
it in the oven flight twenty seconds to
properly get warm there we get this out
as you can see literally just covering
it around the pan we've got our mixture
here going to lay out onto the baking
tray so plop it out into the middle so
you want this to be as even as it can be
maybe a bit too much coconut oil you can
put your list
I might just dab it quickly this is a
little bit liquidy
freeze and weather time 25 to 35 minutes
180 degrees so we'll do the timer for 25
minutes and we can just check it on the
way fingers crossed right guys it's been
adding 25 minutes now chapter and I want
to leave it a little bit longer so it's
been 28 29 minutes I think we're looking
pretty good right now so oh it's like
squidgy and a little bit hard on the
outside you can see it's completely
risen how we wanted it to so now leave
that there to cool for about 10 minutes
then we're going to dig in I'm in a vest
because I'm very hot breakfast is set
for about 20 minutes yeah you can see
it's proper proper set honesty smells so
good
I'm just going to give us a little this
is how it should have looked on
MasterChef by the way so nice and crispy
at the end yep probably needed to leave
it set a little bit longer you can still
get a good taste for this
nutria shoga so considering this is like
I might help you Brown in a toast
sugar white light on the Hamas chef I'm
be honest I probably make leptin but a
minute too long because it's like a tiny
bit dry but that's gonna be amazing in
the fridge later he's so good I will put
my method and ingredients in the
description so if you wanted at home you
can and also if you want more baking
videos let me know or like just cooking
in general more healthy stuff yeah
through that thumbs up
that's it tomorrow
