yes
yo always going on people how's it going
welcome back to the kitchen today today
freedom I feel a bit weird but I thought
I would show you what's in my fridge I
once did this in a vlog like years ago
and loads you really liked it I feel
like the fridge is quite a quite a
secret piece of item from all the way
from MTV Cribs from they always use but
now it's now it's the fridge so imagine
we've done this whole house tour of my
life now I'm not sure you what's in my
fridge EW I'm about to eat but we're
going to do a little bit more of an
in-depth tour than just open and close
big reveal think about it you have no
idea was my dear fool you know a dead
body in that that's Jerry I'm joking
that's the freezer
welcome to the fridge
so the fridge it's actually really nice
to stand this close to is so high
outside so this feels quite nice my
fridge is not packed but it's not spicy
though it's somewhere in between you
start at the top shelf because I'm an
absolute lad I've got a few different
types of beer haven't my book cheeky
Asahi also we've got a cheeky piney up
there cheeky Annika these have been in
my fridge for five months and they're
still there so I think that goes to show
you how much beer I drink I think
they're more for you actually all here
we have got this is the bread are you so
I get Bayona organic rye bread and
anytime I go I'd like to mix it up
because they have different like
flavorings on it so this is Chia and
flax seed I use it as toast like when I
make a card or toaster something much
better alternative than just your
standpoint bread we've got the old soda
water
Oh things are getting crazy in here if
you don't have any sparking water this
is an alternative although it's a little
bit weird to drink it's not actually the
same as sparkling water
the orange means sparkling water and
soda water is that soda water contains
bicarbonate of soda I think that's why
it's called soda water on a carbonated
water sodium hydrogen carbonate also
when I'm going out I drink vodka fresh
lime soda because I'm a crazy cat pull
this up here we've got the very the
ultimate babe I got this the other day
that there's a shot rang on from into
these big slices it was like this big
chopped it all up the other day at heart
so my trip ends this now actually it's
gotta be careful of the tips because
they like grow inside you don't know if
you swallow them I'll do you one for me
that's quite key third shell we've got
fat-free Greek yogurt this is great for
like a little snack
cuz it's high in protein so if you're
into the gym you can always use this as
a snack if I'm hungry and once I know
mix my granola mix it with some that I
think I'll get some fruit in there
bam bam thank you ma'am I also got three
drinks all from source box so you guys
know what's all this is this is the same
actually it won't match a super-powered
green tea drink this is rebel kitchen
chocolate milk on these delicious you I
really like that you can't have that I
did ask them no engine so literally said
no fourth shelf or some Parmesan cheese
oh oh cheek Moo yeah just nibble on that
at night always you always always boys
find my fridge full of Rosberg
blueberries and raspberries because I
used I have visit every day on my cereal
or just as a snack throughout the day
it's not the old strawberries because I
was like summer also I made an acai bowl
the other day I had to chop some
strawberries on top of that we've got
some fish in my fridge put some lemons
soulful it's so I'm actually playing or
cooking those either tonight or tomorrow
night not sure what I'm going to do yet
but I'm sure it will taste amazing down
here we have got chicken breast
leftover cooked the other night cheeky
cheeky rosemary chicken breast bad boy a
chilly beer that has been sat in my
fridge for over six months because it is
so disgustingly hot but there's not much
else to say that it's horrific but we
play drinking games on my birthday I put
it in shops and people were not in a
good way
Oh got the garlic when you need to spice
things up and give jumping Oh another
drink this is also from source box it's
the militia did the other day lemon and
lime sparkling water got my selection of
fruits here we've got some peaches love
a good peach do you like a fairy peach I
hate peaches apples grapefruit I see
something cheeky at the back no seven up
there
that is not mine the legend tone that I
do not drink that but whenever have
people around drinking that's what we
want my mates and I just looked at that
and we still have butter which I don't
actually use butter but I've got it
because when I still MasterChef and
stuff I was using it for a few things
and it's just my face on every time
someone's around the house and
to the fridge they go well have you got
a picture of your face in your butter
do you love yourself and then I have to
explain yes yes so they are just rust
from the IDs just say yes we win to the
shelves we've got here cheeky made of
coconut water I always have to hide us a
secret bottle of coconut water because
Matt is obsessed with coconuts and
coconut water so when he comes around
here haven't glass coating on water and
have like a point of coconut water and
down the hall in about 10 seconds
but why does that annoy you so much oh
come on it's not cheap yeah I did get
this the other day as well
maple water which is basically the new
coconut water or trying to renew coconut
water and it's like takes a similar to
ignore but it's a lot less sugar now
this is my almond milk I have Rudolf
absolute classic this one oh I have one
dotted around my house please yeah yeah
you got one day one they're like little
secrets isn't it ketchup
everyone needs ketchup in your fridge be
bit mustard don't know what it is
haven't news these easy on the jalapeno
peppers not opened
you should happen with the avocado toast
I think that'd be amazing at the top
we've got the hidden coconut water
because Matt can't reach the top shelf
thank you it's not the whole bombshell
didn't mean it's a good stuff to
vegetables the message of ballet is and
the doors in it we have got some carrots
lovely pop courgette has not to a no
gene that's courgette isn't it a
whopping great big sweet potato some
sweet red peppers white onions cooked
with a baguette spin in
lump of broccoli more broccoli 10 the
stem purple sprouting broccoli and
that's the bottom shelf my fridge I
don't have evidence dead in my fridge so
long and I found
things that I didn't know were there so
yes that was a good point too in the
video anyway you can leave my fridge I
hope you enjoyed seeing the fridge here
the video thumbs up if you liked it and
I will see you tomorrow in our video
