hey beautiful people how's it going I
know this seems like I'm about to do a
whole daily vlog I'm not by am I just I
just wanted to pick my camera and ask
your advice on something something very
very simple but rather than like in the
normal self I was like you know I'm just
gonna sit down and chat with you is a
boiling hot day outside very very hot
I'm actually avoiding filming upstairs
because in my house the Sun is on the
house like the whole day and it is just
so hard there I'm wearing shorts of
course I don't know I'm telling you yes
um you're right there Oh nearly broke
the chair there didn't you yes I
basically just wanted to make a little
video asking your guys advice on
something but most you're probably going
to think don't need advice on or a
stupid I advice but I don't care what
about your advice and that advice is if
my hair so as you can see I have blonde
hair yes well done you've got blonde
hair now what's happening is when I dyed
my hair blonde how I wanted it to look
was how it looks now so like the roots
have come through and on the top it
looks like this and like I really really
like how it looks been nearly eight
weeks since i first had it dyed and on
the sides you can see it is pretty much
like growing out because my sides are
very short I've already had one haircut
since then so you can see both sides and
trying to give you a little like
situation i'm at now is where i get my
hair cut or colored or ever it's do I
read I the whole thing because as much i
love this on the top I can't just leave
this on the top like this and that
because that's going to completely go so
then it will be like nothing no blonde
in it at all so the question I want to
ask you is what do you think I should do
because when I first dyed it and had the
whole thing bleached it was very intense
and everyone was like I don't like it
why didn't love it when I first I done
because it's so in your face but that is
I think the only way to get your hair
how you like it so that is the question
I'm asking do I would you think I should
do that do I read I the
then and wait for it like a couple weeks
till starts go out and starts look
better or do I leave this just like
whatever do I go a shade darker do i do
it gray do I I what your thoughts
basically do I shave my head do I let
the brown come back blood know is that I
really like how it is now on the top and
I just kind of want that again so yeah
that's that is literally this video I
was like I'm just gonna sit and ramble
and ask you about my hair and i know
most you probably don't care but I was
like yeah it's like having it's like
when you'd ask for opinion from your
mates when you like our guys I'm
thinking of doing this what do you think
I just feel lucky that I've got you guys
so I can be our guys I'm thinking of
doing this but not sure what are your
guys thoughts and there's happens to be
millions of you who can give advice so
yeah that's that's that's that so leave
any of your thoughts in the comments
below and we'll go from there I'm very
hot right now hey um I'm like sweating
just SAT here doing this video hey I am
going to continue filming videos so this
is just shoretel vlog give it the video
thumbs up or don't even give the video a
thumbs up but just leave some comments
on the thing that victory made no sense
you know I'm saying anyway I'm gonna go
I will see you tomorrow another video
all right love you guys
