hello and welcome to a trying video with
my lovely source box wasn't that so
sweet be some beautiful you guys know
what source box is it is company that I
started which is a subscription service
and it sends out healthy snacks every
single month you don't know what you're
getting so it's like a nice surprise you
get between ten and twelve snacks it's
been running now for about the past
seven or eight months and each month I
go through the box and show you what was
this month's box because it's a nice
thing to show you so this is a little
bit weird actually get two boxes so one
here one here the reason is I took a box
when lying on my family cruise holiday
and I was like yeah I'll film it with
max cuz I was with Max best mate who
also basically runs sauce what's he's
the guy that I was like yeah max I want
you to like run this and build it and
help with it and I'll be really fun to
film a video with Max and being like
yeah look we're both resource bugs but
we didn't get around to doing that and I
had the box with me and I was like I
can't not eat the stuff so I started
going through some of the stuff and I
was like now that's the that's the box
that I needed for the video so this is
the July box I think there's one snack
that I can't have it has gone from both
boxes it was that good it has gone from
both boxes so if you haven't seen it
yeah I've just opened this one it's like
sauce by us and then all your snacks
laid out nicely inside your little menu
as well so it tells you all the things
on it and all about the products and we
write a little message there for you as
well okay so I'm gonna start off with
these these are still it like I had
these on the plane yesterday lick tree
so so good there's soybeans that with a
tamari roasted chili kind of flavoring
and I didn't realize how high in protein
soybeans are like on the back just in
this whole pack there's 12 grams of
protein so you like your protein and
your gmm that I do these are right for
you Mike so a soy bean soybean is where
you get you guys must have had like soy
milk that's probably the most like
popular soy product but they're little
beans like this tiny little beans and
these have got yeah tamari
on them and chili and their honesty
tastes so so good you like spicy stuff
it's a proper spicy kick to that
so yeah the one thing I don't have
because I may have already it's the
first thing on the list I'll try and put
a picture here a bit because it is quite
a new product there's raw cacao orange
protein bar and it's by body meaning I
think that goes to show why I don't have
it because I was too excited to have it
I haven't been able to find it in a shop
yet but I can a health food shop around
the corner but it's like amazing it's
got 16 grams of protein in it and it's
vegan protein and it just tastes amazing
no it's not we got these this is the
giving tree' we've had the giving tree'
in this box before but we've had
broccoli crisp of them and I think we
did a mixed vegetable one with them as
well but these are peach crisps and if
you like peach I actually bought some
fresh peach Jessop if you like to eat
for your lovely yeah they basically
freeze dry all of that food so if they
look interesting when I'm like this is a
peach but it's it's like that because
it's been freeze-dried so everything's
sucked out of it so good it's so much
better to pick this up as a packet of
crisps rather than a packet of crisps
one of your five a day and it tastes it
tastes like you're eating peach it's
really really good next up we've got
sores rosemary and thyme pitter chips I
think I've tried these before these are
oven roasted pits chips with olive oil
so there's only a few ingredients in
them I like me little pitter
I want you rosemary is one of my
favorite herbs when I cook I literally
put rosemary on pretty much everything
so the fact that rosemary is so strong
in this makes me very very happy that
we've got these at these new like nuts
that kind of up called tiger nuts
although I don't think they're actually
enough even though they're called tiger
nuts despite the name tiger nuts or root
vegetables not nuts
these are dusted with delicious coating
of cacao vanilla and cinnamon
I had just plain taiga nuts before so I
haven't ever tried them as flavoring and
these are by the tiger nut company eat
clean live happy smile from the inside
oh really
captain its
because you fill them you think it's but
it feels really hard like it's gonna be
a crunchy nut and then it goes in the
texture is kind of like this might put
it off by how's a it's kind of like a
hard imagine like a slightly hard raise
them with days really go next we've got
rhythm 108 ooh Lala tea biscuits lemon
and ginger so this is like this heads
the tea biscuit so whereas you'd go for
your normal biscuit if we're having a
cup of tea or something go for this
because it's a it's a slightly healthier
option don't want to get crumbs anywhere
so biscuit yeah yeah oh I did before so
how does it taste that sweet but there's
like no sugar in it
oh I ate this on the cruise because I
was so hungry before dinner and this is
like a wild trail cedar nut bar so it's
like there's only five ingredients in
this one and they are raisins peanuts
pumpkin seeds gluten free oats and apple
juice so it looks like a lot of the
other fruit bars you'd see but this is
just what five ingredients rather than a
load of crappy rubbish stuff which is in
a lot of the other ones it tastes just
as good the next we have got now I'm
what I'm gonna try I haven't actually
tried this this is virtue sparkling
energy water lemon-lime flavored so this
has got natural caffeine in it it's also
got zero calories zero sugar but all the
ingredients are natural yeah while
Reggie ingredient sparkling water
natural lemon-lime flavors yeah but mom
Matt de marte extract ginseng extract
citric acid Guana
extract natural caffeine and vitamins
yeah I would usually I really want to
have this cold it's not it's not that
cold right now I'm gonna show it I know
I have a sip and then I'm gonna put it
in the fridge so I can finish it later
smells like lemonade literally smells
like lemonade oh you know I like that
smells like lemonade doesn't taste they
make because obviously it's not as sweet
as lemonade because it doesn't have
sugar but you can really taste the lemon
and lime in there I tell you what if you
like if you like sparkling water this
tastes like that but much more
flavoursome because of the
my flavors are actually confession time
there is another thing that I haven't
got because I may have E and both of
them because it's so good and that is it
was a flapjack I'm gonna try and put a
picture here of it it's Inka berry and
pumpkin seed flapjack I can't even tell
you how this is actually my favorite
thing in the box because it was so good
and it's such a good size as well it's
like a good but it was amazing by the
Living Food Kitchen we often try and
also put in like we don't count as an
actual product but we always try and put
in something like a sachet or Lotte
store or something of something else
there was a lot of something's in there
and this is something and this is good
berries by the good guru at this sachet
- water juice or smoothies or sprinkle
over porridge cereals or yogurt to add
natural sweetness and an immune boosting
berry burst your morning routine and
last up we've got SAFF raw activated
crackers I have had one of these before
when we did a tasting thing I've never
had this sounds like a very interesting
flavor beetroot and horseradish
personally I don't like beetroot never
been a beetroot fan the ODE like I can't
eat like beetroot and a salad it just
makes me like go funny the only time I
can have veep true is if it's like
beetroot crisps you know if it's like
baked in the oven or something I can't
guarantee I'm going to like this
activator crackers are great source of
protein and fiber delicious with a bit
or on their own the big test how am I
gonna like I mash it all that's cooler
that's the color I beat you there
that's not I'm assuming I'm going to
because it's a bit like a crisp Wow
okay genuine it considering I don't like
be true I would happily eat all of these
that's really good it doesn't even I
think it's more I don't know what it is
with like wet be true it's just like the
thought of wet Beach I'm right now get
away from me but that that good no Burt
Hummel matte boom there we go that
rounds up this month's sauce box you
can't get this once box anymore because
it's not that's not how it works but you
can get next month's box August so if
you're interested in source box we do
ship to most of Europe
to the UK I know so many of you in
America want it and Sony Australia and
all the other countries around the world
it's not feasible for us to do that at
this stage but we are growing as the
business grows and we're trying to open
up different avenues with it so so yeah
if any of you are interested in signing
up Saucebox or you've been thinking
about it for a while or I don't know
you've just seen this you're like you
know what I want to try that I'm gonna
give you guys my very own 20% discount
code so this will if you so if you join
the monthly subscription this will give
you 20% off your first box and this
remember is what's tying for next
month's box so you have any time to sign
up to this before the end of July and
that will put you in for August box yeah
I wanted to do that because I know it
seems like hopefully if you're on the
fence whether you wanted one or didn't
want one offering you this will help you
make that decision anyway I hope you did
enjoy this video give it a thumbs up if
you did and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video all right goodbye
