hello beautiful people of more Marcus I
feel like I haven't filmed in a while
because I was on our family vacation I
don't know why could it vacation because
I've never called it a vacation
British people don't call it a vacation
I've been on holiday with my family for
a week
that was fun so I haven't filmed for
awhile got a little bit this sunkissed
look going on but hey I'm back and the
first thing we're gonna be filming is
Pokemon because what is there not to
love about Pokemon go being released I
know everyone's I'm I got Pokemon a
couple my Pokemon videos but Pokemon is
amazing I literally went to get coffee
before noon and got stopped I tried to
battle in Sainsbury's and about the gym
and Sainsbury's didn't work so far away
and I got shouted out by builder for
camp opening go so that's that's what
happened so far but in the theme of
Pokemon being out we're gonna see can
you name the poke one from these emoji
clues there are 13 first generation
Pokemon hidden amongst these emojis can
you catch them all oh okay okay this is
really clever oh you've got type as well
so we've got the water emoji and we've
got a turtle so that is obviously
squirtle correct you've got a star and a
fish oh these are like little riddles a
star and a fish goldfish no magic harp
on top of an age yeah
in great spelling on that Oh - cats
right there - cats low meow this is only
number three I was like yells absolutely
smash this doll of pok√©mon Mew - that's
too much of a riddle for me to read mu -
I mean this is Bellsprout Bellsprout for
sure yes see some of them are looking at
my family not that straight way this
person and a key a boy and a key man and
a key see I don't even know where to
begin with this I literally haven't got
a clue
haven't got a clue I give up
ah man key I completely forgot that man
key the little monkey Pokemon that's
because I haven't seen one Pokemon go
yeah ah see this follows the same pause
see see that's so easy that one Oh run
let slip what's it called liquor dawn
awesome liquid on it is it's like lip
something it's liquid on pope on that
licks you there is the pope
it's liquid on liquor tan liqueur tongue
okay I'm giving myself that point I hate
suffer forever med school test I'd see I
don't I'll if you don't even know where
to begin with this I'm stars star U star
U star by it's not like tentacle weeping
about this is weeping bell for sure this
is weeping well it's so weird how yeah
instantly some Dragonite
Dragonite see got that straight away
Dragonite books books words not CLE
haven't got a clue nine tails no one's
gonna get that okay actually probably
some people would get that mountain nose
smoke what on earth of those things got
to be related and what I thought was on
that it's just stressing out yeah really
stress playing this lame this is not the
first video I wanted to do coming back I
thought this is gonna be really fun
really happy no that's bloody stressful
ball pits and that it's not
hello darkness my old friend if anyone
actually gets that you deserve a medal
actually no you deserve a trophy
Pikachu
that's obviously Voltorb there you go
I got how annoying I was at that that's
obviously volt oh yeah cool there you go
yeah I'm right well you got a tower 13
right okay I wanted to do the percentage
thing where it's like you got you did 55
percent better than most other people
mountain no this far so that is my first
Pokemon related video maybe I'll do more
because I'm a fan of Pokemon I've been
playing Pokemon go I'm currently at
level 9 my rarest Pokemon are they have
a rare Pokemon yet
Oh Jo got Pikachu Pikachu's rare isn't
it got weeping Belle sat up here to talk
270 having fought any gems yet so went
once we venture out today I'm gonna go
and attempt that but maybe we'll do some
more Pokemon related videos in the
future I know you give this video a big
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow with another video bye
