yo what's up everybody I did a couple of
impression videos let's reflect on those
I state provided them I'm no impression
expert also the impressions in those
videos a complete round mat over here is
made a list of impressions I don't know
who he's put on there I've not practiced
them at all so everything is like on the
spot try to do this I thought they're
really funny to do and they ended up
being funny to laugh at myself so hey
here's number three we've got we love
impressions again there's 20 on there so
this could be anyone like the wheel is
spinning and look at that it's number
one Donald Duck how does Donald oh she's
a normal done like Marge and now a
glittery condo you sound like Gollum
number for barack obama in no other
country on Earth is my story the united
states of america na United States a
font even though this is an awful start
number seven Voldemort Voldemort say
Harry Potter welcome my friend and yet
Harry Potter you're going to face the
Deathly Hallows oh it's like it's very
breathy isn't he I'll give you give me
love you a decent one point happy
endings actually keep count the points
is up there 17 Mikey from research to EJ
he sings a lot
I think the National forgive me I'm
supposed to sing national I'm supposed
of Mitchell power than I did I'm
supposed to say in an action at them
 this is too hard this big people
even impersonate my kin is that a thing
up yet avoided la opera nobody knows the
trouble I see the t-rex on tricycle oh
yeah cusco oil yeah hello darkness my
old friend you doing it I don't think
come on a t-rex ok raaah both insane
yeah but I'm never doing another
impressions video Alan Partridge Alan
Partridge does 10 does tinder I'm gonna
make you moan like a harpooned whale and
while I've been soundly knowing you go
home Alan you're drunk I was I want to
drive the ticket I know me let me drive
the digger don't get a point yeah oh
yeah Chocolate Rain did it I did it it
it it it it Charlotte red chocolate rain
mr. burns excellent come on wasn't
terrible it wasn't tell you about videos
0 X takes no excellent great was
enjoyment you wrote oh my god oh my god
amazing
yeah what I like about you Marcus I was
I see something in you you just forgot
your nuts marker on you might let you
make the best club Sam I hot this
pothole sleep Australia yeah but posh
Australia it's time for you to make the
best club sandwich do you mean yeah he's
postulates I can't do that you did great
though do I get great yeah sorry John
mate sorry buddy and there we have my
worst ever impressions you may never see
another impressions video from me
because it's so bad hopefully you manage
to get some entertainment some
cringe-worthy entertainment at that give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video bye
