hello welcome to try not to cry number
151 Doakes I think it's I think this
might be number 9 or maybe number 10 and
the last as you know the last one I did
was not the troops come home that was
the second thoughts on where I was an
absolute mess like properly bawling my
eyes out crying on YouTube never in my
life since being on YouTube but I think
I would be crying on YouTube but hey I
was crying so today we have got a video
titled look at yourself after watching
this look at yourself
after watching this oh man wait do I
know this guy not as in personally but
have I seen this guy
you
no one's know late but I'm very thankful
that I have a little chicken drumstick
here
people freak out when they see you for
the first time it's so cool I was at a
water slide or by myself everyone
obviously at the bottom of this line is
they're gonna when other people who come
down here I come with their freaking out
they're like you know like and also
tempted to look at myself go what
happened you know
well guys is really low and funny
there were times where I sort of looked
at my life and think about I can't do
this and I can't do that and you keep on
concentrating on the things that you
wish you had all the things that you
wish you didn't have and you sort of
forget what you do have
and there's no point I believe in my
life where I wish had arms legs I wish
had arms legs with Michelle arms legs
pushing oh this is insane
but I'm sat here I'm not saying I think
Simon grossed in the video but the fact
he seems so motivationally passionate
about always talking it's hard to be
thankful man I tell you when I was eight
years old I I sort of summed up much was
he born like this that I haven't I don't
know the backlog why study was he born
like this did something happen never
gonna get married up you know I'm not
gonna have a job as eight years old so
maybe it's born of this what kind of a
husband am I going to be if I can't even
hold my wife's hand yo it's a lie to
think that you're not good enough it's a
lie to think that you're not worth
anything giving me goose bumps
but to see someone enjoying themselves
very much with my hands I love what I
think that's what I like about this
guy's he's throwing around jokes like
that and so many people come and say how
come you smell so much you see it's very
hard to smile sometimes in life there
are things that happen that you don't
know when you don't understand and you
don't know if you're going to get
through it you know you go through your
storms in life and you don't know how
long the storm is going to be it's very
true it's very true so far today I want
to share with you some principles that
I've learnt in my life that you can use
in yours
being patient beautiful I tell you it's
a hard estate but I realized I may not
have hands to hold my wife saying but
when the time comes I'll be able to hold
her hand I don't need hands on one held
that line that line Wow when time comes
that is how I'll be able to hold her
heart but when the time comes I'll be
able to hold her hand I don't mean maybe
she did say that oh my god
what a guy you know it is scary to know
how many girls have eating disorders it
is scary to know how many people are
just angry at life because of their
situation at home and anger and others
it's scary to know how many people
actually feel like they're worth nothing
every single girl right here right now I
want you to know that you I mean I'm not
a girl but I feel like he's talking to
me right there I feel beautiful watching
this you are gorgeous just the way you
are and your boys you to me yes they're
gonna mention
on this DVD I share my experiences in
life of our overcome challenges and seen
a new fresh perspective in life to be
thankful to dream big and to never give
up I speak to children youth and adults
about key issues and principles that
I've applied in my life that has given
me the strength to conquer all that
comes before me no loads no worries
that's a good catch line I want to watch
this DVD now yeah this one this didn't
make me cry but it left me feeling more
positive than I was before I watched
this video but this guy what an absolute
legend Christian a motivational speaker
he for sure is a motivational speaker
left me feeling so inspired off that
that's why the title says look at
yourself after what chance because you
see someone who at first glance you'd
look at that guy and you'd almost feel I
guess sorry you're sat down you're like
wow this guy must have it so hard and
you want to feel sorry for him but then
he comes down he just blows you away
with how he doesn't let it affect his
life it's quite very touching video but
yes I hope you found it inspiring as
well I did I certainly did give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow but another one
bye
