hey howdy hey hey whoo-hee welcome to
episode 2 of the daunting the
nightmarish stories of tinder these
aren't my stories this isn't a book
published by me but we did episode 1 and
I thought was really fun and really
funny to partake in so yeah if you
missed that one it's basically a book
full of it's got different contents and
chapters all about funny stories lates
tinder so it's fun to read through and
just react to it last time we stopped I
was halfway through bad English and this
was my favorite because spelling
mistakes just I don't know it's where
you get some really funny stuff Dave hi
how are you was he a little bit needy
Davis because he doesn't have a response
so he sends another message would you be
offended if I wanted to treat you about
my sister
only different question mark something
about that golf skirt makes me want to
treat your cornhole like a coke bottle
blow on it and make sweet sweet music no
replies I wonder why you absolute
fucking weirdo what like some people who
on this app seriously Ross samesies what
you doing tonight I have a soccer game
what about yourself
wanna fucks fu X I'm hung if you can't
spell fuck it definitely won't be
happening ah that's it Kevin what has 50
T and hold back a monster no clue my
zipper okay
you're just a stuck up aren't you
they reply you're with the correct
spelling because you missed out the
apostrophe smart too they respond the
correct spelling of to which is T oh oh
he's obviously absolutely rattled at
this point what's the proper way to say
fuck you
oh no this chapters gonna be so
cringe-worthy this is persistence Barry
it's just because his name's Barry
Hey hi
hi
Hey
hi get a response On February 3rd
persistence is key hi
seriously oh no one from Dave alright
Dave there's a lot of Dave's in this
book something to say about guys with
the name Dave I drove past your house on
the way to school and I was thinking
about you and I was thinking about how
beautiful you are and how lucky any guy
is to date you because you are such a
fun caring and gorgeous girl you're a
girl a guy is proud to take home to meet
his family a girl that a guy is proud to
show off to his friends and a girl a
guys glad to hang out with alone you
really have a great charm and you're
absolutely beautiful smiley face how do
you know where I live but James you up
for two minutes of mediocre sex followed
by 30 minutes of crying
judging by your hair you seem like a
girl who likes to do judging by your
hair
look I made a graph on how well this
conversation is going and it's the emoji
where the graph drops yep dude why do
you think you've left it two hours since
your first chat your first line was
horrendous your second line do you
really think a girl's gonna read that
and go oh shit this guy knows me dating
tips with Marcus Jeff we should have
some hot protected sex
free this morning free this afternoon
I would love to go down on you free
today question mark may I have your
number dude you don't get respect like
the first ones yeah you know if that's
what you're after some hot protected sex
great they don't respond chip free this
morning I'm just gonna nip round me it
doesn't work quite like that buddy
my favorite is when it's always the guys
and they leave it literally two hours
and then they get so rattled that they
get really defensive Nick where are you
from we're obviously not going to fuck
then how disappointing no mate she just
might not had a phone on her she might
have been at work climbing out with
friends she might be living funny I
think this is Seth how much does a polar
bear weigh how much enough to break the
ice I think that is quite fun now you
know that's quite thoughtful that's
quite sick it's a bit cringe but it's
quite funny you got to see some humor
that he doesn't get response haha
strike two
still no response anyway your loss
can I lick your asshole yeah sure
rig alright rink mate any plans later
I'm here on vacation yeah I'm busy well
when do you have some free time you're
here on vacation so not looking for what
I want how about your friend in the red
dress of course you would ask about the
friend doctor thought yeah she isn't
interested either you didn't even ask
her
Rick mate you're a creep and that ends
the chapter on persistence so when we
come back next time
we've got bro Troy always bad and seldom
smooth when bros write poetry
Shakespeare spins in his grave
Oh God oh yeah just as a little intro
for the next video roses are red violets
are blue once a girl sat on my face and
I think you should too that's what we
got to come guys so if you want more of
these they give the video a thumbs up
let me know in the comments and I will
see you tomorrow with another video all
right bye
