hey Yahweh yo what up with Joe sexy
faces I'm doing video that I saw
PewDiePie do but I didn't actually watch
the whole video I just saw the idea of
what he did and thought it'd be really
good to do a video on it too it's called
the higher the higher lower game which
gets googled more how to play it simply
decide which search term has been
searched for the most by selecting
higher or lower a Taylor Swift has nine
million one hundred and forty thousand
average monthly searches I don't know
who Aaron Schwartz is Aaron Schwartz has
lower searches and take Taylor Swift I'm
correct Aaron Schwartz has one hundred
and ten thousand average monthly
searches
I reckon tax avoidance has higher surely
oh okay maybe no maybe
are you serious - ends as soon you get
one wrong you end the game
so I scored one woo human trafficking
has 110,000 Elvis Presley has pyre yeah
okay
two million Elvis Presley yes I'm right
Queen Victoria or Renault Clio Renault
clear as higher yeah okay I'm doing well
I'm doing well I'm doing well brennick
here or I'm going lower
oh noes he's gonna be high yeah okay
slow pullout forward definitely is
higher than that yeah fallout 4 is big 5
mil but Bulldog is definitely lower yes
Bulldog or suffragettes bulldog yeah ok
suffer get some Michael Bay Michael Bay
yeah cool I'm out to score 8 right now
oh this is tough Michael Bay or luxury
hotels luxury hotels think how many
people must search for luxury hotels oh
cool 14,000 play again personal system
or Johnny Cash Johnny Cash yeah
Johnny Cash all the dark night dark
night all noise on eyes up you've scored
one racism or Amazon Eric and Amazon Oh
buy a lot oh my god hundred and eighty
five million average monthly searches
that's phenomenal
that's literally incredible definitely
has more than Star Wars yeah what's
Petra I just go well we're gonna lower
there we are doing better than I could
with pictures death penalty or faith
healing faith healing no cool right that
round didn't count because I didn't have
pictures did I so we're playing again
candy crush has three point three
million versus obesity candy crush is
high yeah Oh Abbi steel big brother big
brother is armed going lower Pink Floyd
or cosmetic surgery Pink Floyd yeah
cosmetic engagement
engagement rings yeah anonymous
definitely get up high how to make money
box a right last last attempt last
attempt islamophobia or Microsoft
Microsoft yeah
Microsoft or what's FGM lower don't know
what FGM is FGM or famine FGM famine or
Ticketmaster ticket master Wow
Ticketmaster or Starbucks alright
reckon it's hide yeah full start back to
torture torture she's got lower yeah
come on we're on six virgin active
definitely got on land it oh I saw Pink
Floyd brick was it you it was he was 600
or 1.2 people with Calvin Harris you've
got a sheen Calvin Harris
you've got tissue especially of Taylor
Swift yeah nine we did it baby
banal hit lower ten and what or
obviously messy obviously messy I would
say messy lower I'm smack absolutely
smashing that's my obvious he's got
hiring I'd say five mill lower all I'm a
genius
haha get it what's dark web lower yeah
I'm coming a complete this game
corruption lower are you impressed
yeah you impressed family tree of
corruption though oh and he's been
beaten by the game Oh my score was
seventeen I wonder if any of you can
beat that why don't you go have a try I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did make sure to give a big thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video goodbye
