hello hello hello beautiful sexy people
how are you doing today welcome to the
channel first on you're watching video
my name is Marcus you can subscribe post
videos every day anyway today's video is
taking a look at or exposing fake pranks
and all this kind of series that we
started doing and in the last video I
had so many comments saying which bin
Philips videos have a look at been
Philips videos so today we're gonna be
watching to our benefits videos I've
seen his stuff performed Facebook like
gets shared
loads and loads and loads of Facebook
and I've never really seen his stuff on
YouTube so we're gonna have a little
look and see what we think basically
alright so the concept of this channel
I'm sure some of you have probably seen
his videos especially in the UK is very
popular channel concept is his here's a
brother and he's constantly praying his
brother so my initial thought with that
is the same thing with where it's always
repetitive pranking on someone is it's
clearly gotta be staged yourself because
it just gets to a certain point when the
person doesn't know what's real and
what's not in everyday life and if
anything goes wrong after you've been
pranked X amount of times you're always
gonna assume it's a prank logical
thinking we've talked about before so
let's just have a little watch this here
we've got I said on the live feed that
if we got 70,000 likes then I would put
you a dildo to Elliott's head today to
Elliott yeah okay say was gonna do a
dildo but now he's gonna do a plunger
okay basically the dildo that you guys
is so big I'm going up so as soon as we
hit three million guys so he's got this
big prank lined up and he's gonna
release that after this has got after
he's got three million subs who that
seems fine like just pro mind like gang
subscribers and stuff it's super gluing
around I have worked on some of his
videos before now remember what my issue
with it is his brother in the stuff that
I've seen his brothers always asleep now
either his brother is the deepest
fucking sleeper that has ever graced the
planet or it's clearly set up let's see
what do you guys think
I'm sorry
if anyone's laughing in a room my son
was a see yeah let someone shove the
plunger on your tit and wiggling it
about you're waking up but you are
waking up the grandmas like what have
you done then he's like you might wake
him up but smacking him with plungers
isn't gonna wake him up
also why is his t-shirt falling asleep
with his t-shirt pulled up over his head
I mean a mess kit part of the video
seems like a weird two soldiers go you
know what I'm gonna go to sleep but
before I do I'm just gonna lift that up
over my oh yeah
moving on to his face now definitely
wouldn't feel that would you it's almost
super little punchy face definitely not
feeling that that is a realistic wake up
there isn't it let's just go back there
Bob acting ready look at that look at
how he looks is grandma oh I mean to be
fair he musters also making up these
reactions by now that is hard to change
you up all the time but come on
you know I've got something weird
pre-k's my time I think ma prank sorry
you should reread race I've done some
weird setups in my life once again you
know you lose can't do it what is that
he happened to be vlogging in the car at
that time and he knows he's in the car
waiting for him as he speak like that as
well deck to my deck dick like not now
you do the accent just saying in a funny
way it's actually a song I can imagine
it like the first few times that happens
if it's funny like pranking your brother
and maybe that's how it started you know
real pranks and stuff but it just after
a while it's just like alright come on
it's Spain alright so we get into the
actual dildo video itself the one that's
been big DUP for I don't know how long
for a long time for munch
you could be a dick actually feel kind
of sorry for his brother see I like this
this feels more legit and his other ones
because you know he's got other people
involved you could well be input asleep
by the dentist it feels a bit more
realistic to link tomorrow is Billa
hyper part 2 yeah I don't actually wanna
see part 2 what are your thoughts on
these pranks though are you in the same
boat as me when someone's been doing it
for so long and then every time of a
prank happens it's obvious there's a
prank or do you find it entertaining
like I said I feel a bit sorry for his
brother that he has to play this
character like the whole time when fans
recognize him they probably expect him
to be in this character and must be
pretty intense for him to have to do it
but at the same time you know their
challenge they're smashing it probably
probably make a lot of money so pros and
cons to everything give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow of no.1 good bye
