hey yo yo yo what how'd you like the
hair by the way guys now that the the
old roots are growing through this is
the look I originally wanted when I did
the hair and I freaking love it at the
moment it's gone like from platinum
white to kind of more blond and I don't
know what I'm gonna do here cuz
obviously this is a lot shorter so I
don't know if this will get redyed or
what just really happy with it right now
anyway welcome back to H why not to
laugh the last time I did was my
favorite one we've ever done because it
made me laugh so much and was actually
funny so let's see if this is gonna be
the same oh it's a vine one vines always
an interest in one isn't it like
sometimes they're funny and sometimes
then all 2 plus two equals
um that guy like double fly kit from
freaking five meters away be frogs
filler rod bug tank I can't stop
laughing
the monkeys right vines like to fast me
to come round a lot of this stuff I need
like a few more seconds to realize
what's actually going on there trucker
you'd not hurt like a bunch of mother
trucker dude I can almost see fellows
finds just so relatable isn't it you
have a beautiful smile thank you
you're not that handsome wow thanks I'm
only the only person that doesn't find
this funny
the spider disappears fuck this shit I'm
out fuck this shit I'm out alright then
hahahahaha relatable I can only mean one
thing ever since I left the city you I'm
on the verge of stopping this
that's quite fun in the fire thing Wow
that's what see that's funny because
he's like naturally funny but what was
that reacting to me wha
sorry went AB this is such a video was
Mike Tyson full of a segue wasn't it ask
a child if he or she is choking are you
choking are you choking yeah they're
gonna be able to respond are you choking
hang on let me just stop choking to
answer your question you know what I'm
about to say it hey I don't care that
you broke your elbow oh damn boy
you don't know me I'm too clean why is
there that makes no sense when the hot
oil burn you'd only got room and we're
gonna go super weird super quick do it
no my dreams no no just no that's the
Kidz Bop so harsh may can you a pussy
like that she sounds but she just had a
mini orgasm that's a really good
impression
that's amazing I love this inference
all right I'm gonna end that try not to
laugh there some things were
entertaining but a lot of things were
just like yeah like there's six seconds
gone with my life that's maybe how a lot
of you feel about this video maybe
there's five minutes of your life gone
that you're not getting it back but
anyway I hope you manage to enjoy it if
you did give it a big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video bye
