yo welcome to a trying video summer
you're doing I'm trying buddy can you
hear me yeah we'll open it this guy yeah
yeah yeah yeah so today we are I got got
some Nando's here in front man I'm gonna
sit down actually today I'm taking part
in a little bit of roulette not Russian
roulette where people really happy
people gonna get killed off not doing
any of that today what we are doing is
NaN those chicken roulette the idea of
this is there's some chicken wings here
and they are a variety of playing lemon
and herb medium hot extra hot if you're
not in the UK you may never have had
known those before if you're in the UK I
will be very surprised if you have never
had Nando's before it's a very popular
restaurant in the UK and a few other
places around the world but mainly you
bet here we have the winged roulette we
have got oh I have literally just eaten
and undos lunch so going straight from
another lunch to straight into winged
roulette also a lot postman's well
they're learning the table ah wait hello
Tanya Bears new baking book record Tanya
bakes don't know when you're going to be
watching this so you're well aware this
is out but yeah this is so cool
oh she's ripped me a note as well
actually looks amazing literally looks
incredible
back to Nando's that's just Dell Ryan I
might like spicy food I'm a medium kind
of guy though you know when it comes to
Nando's and you've got your spices I'm a
medium right not hot by I'm certain on
extra hot right you like the vanilla of
Nando's and uh vanilla vanilla is
playing or like lime was it Lyman
Herbers oh no not that either I'm like
the like the chocolate I like the
chocolate I'm looking at them kind of
thing oh I'd say go for like what looks
least hot that looked hot
this doesn't at all there just have one
bite of each one
that's plan playing game a fine this is
definitely your some sauce on it open
though that's like mild not really much
a little little spice to it
uh-huh nice oh that's hot but I
don't know that's hot with his extra hot
my yeah my mouth's on fire now I have a
small bet he started but yes my oh she
is all the way through I don't know if
that's hot or extra hot I'm quite scared
now I think that's hot
you always have hot and that's the color
of it that's Rick see my nose um when I
was tingling so much from the previous
one that whole bit of that's Holly well
I need some water
my throne that bit bad I've lost every
taste bud
so I find him taste their pace up my own
I've literally got no taste in my mouth
I think they've done this ball off
there's definitely no lemon and herbs in
it that's sure won't be lemon herb lemon
home so the others are just the
combination of either hop medium or
don't don't under had extra hot yet
medium honestly my my whole mouth is
burning boat
come on two more
that's all that's odd look at that
source that's a big
there might be an extra I can see it
chili plate that's got chili that's got
chili flakes on it can you see them
those two dots there and I did a big one
on this taste up not 104 I'm out
oh my god it's extra hot that's 100
percent extra hot my eyes like I swept
in oh my god my throat oh man Eric and
the last ones give me a nice plain I'm
not doing the last one my nose is
running
your cheeks are going quite quite red
have they I need tonight you are instant
regret I went big on that one as well so
I'm going to the last one on the hot
young flap my mouth is on fire and
burning so I hope you enjoyed this video
give it a thumbs up if you do I'll see
you tomorrow with another video right
now I'm going to go and wash my mouth
out something bye
