hello how's it going welcome to video
where I am reacting to apparently the
luckiest people in the world haven't
seen this but it's a compilation video
of lucky I don't know if it means lucky
like winning the lottery lucky or if it
means nearly die but you don't die so
you're lucky because of that oh my god
yo that guy are you serious
that's in London as well that guy was De
Palma
this music what are we like a flippin
nineties techno rave
poor ho if that woman wasn't behind that
pole she like straight up run over if
that telephone pole wasn't that is to it
this is like so fast and intense I need
a up need some moments here oh I mean it
still what how has he survived that well
that's okay that wasn't lap I mean
painful what it's not that bad what the
frig was coming off the ground was that
like a monster oh my god that's the work
on its own it's the ones where people
are sat there and it's a vehicle that is
coming at like 30 40 50 miles an hour
and it's missed them literally by that
much it's those ones that make me shiver
because especially it I don't know well
it's not a lot you can do about any of
these things also watching this video is
making me a little bit scared for my
life in the world because makes you
realize how many things you don't have
control over they are like the lucky
they've shown luck is in you know it's a
lucky shot there that's happy lucky
what's this guy pointing out shut up how
has he pulled that off best stunt driver
in the world
most oh my god
what they go to once I go then oh my god
that shark
I don't want laughing's that's a cliff
edge
yeah you save a calf you say that oh
thank you but a sheep living Oh
oh yeah think I'll land a plane on the
sand yeah that's what I'll do
look at the road just look when you
cross a road there's one thing that
we're going to take away from this video
bloody look when you cross the road not
Oh
that's incredible I want to watch that
one again
how on earth has it happen cheese this
videos making me feel all kinds of
emotions right now guys this stresses me
out as a driver myself I like to think
when I'm a passenger when I'm a
passenger when I'm a pedestrian I'm
always trying to be as cautious as they
can when crossing the road so how much
it annoys me when people just walk out
crossing a road staring at their phone
like have some freaking common sense
hot an unbelievable goal again crossing
the road usual freaking eyes
oh my god oh if that is the wind why
does that happen on the lorry when these
people nearly get hit by the car is how
relaxed they are so the crossroad is
like as a car and they don't jump or
anything they just say oh yeah well I
nearly got hit by car all right I think
I'm gonna stop it there purely because
one I can't handle anymore of watching
it - to be completely honest I can't
handle any more of that music if they
have slight different music maybe so but
right now absolutely not
I'm going to go and take a minute to
sort my life out and make sure that I
look right across the road you should do
the same but I hope you guys enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
I will see you tomorrow another video
Hey
