ah Lola marks about great Reno's today
we're going to find out how dumb I am
basically something called can you get
nine out of nine on this 1960s Louisiana
but Weezy Anna literacy test they had
ten minutes to answer 30 question do you
think you can answer nine in three
minutes
oh they have a timer I was about to say
do I need to like set myself that's
really cool you can do it
alright we're gonna do it window we can
do it three two one start timer which of
these letters comes earliest in the
alphabet B which is the last letter of
the first word beginning with L M 1 the
first which is the last letter of the
first word of T which of these numbers
are more than 15 but less than 35 more
than 15 and 35 so you got 19 boom make
the following number below 1 million as
you got 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 so you need to
remove four zeros boom spell backwards
forwards okay SD or a or a w K see a bit
yes but what yeah that's right
what spell backwards forwards oh wait
cool that dude threw me off how much
time we got how much time I got one
minute 52 minutes plenty of time
I think write down the fourth word you
see in the triangle below Harris in the
spring the correct in the space below
right the second letter of the fourth
word one two three one two three four
second letter is an E
boom absolutely net in the space
provided right right
from left to right as you spelled here
fuck it out in the space provided right
right from left to right then they go
right every other word in this first
sentence but capitalize the fifth word
that you write every other word the
capitalized fifthly
every other so does that start at the
beginning so rhymes every other word in
this first set let's try it
other end first one two three right
other in first but cap no shit but the
word you write boom you got mine what's
the time on what's the time on 25
seconds they have and what and what
literally come at me and I got I got
nine out of nine Wow very impressed
these questions were worded to be
intentionally confusing but they
definitely didn't stomp you see you guys
not just a pretty face
joke I'm not playing face Eva I'm quite
surprised that because I'm not when I
was at school
I'm not academic like I was never
academic naturally I didn't struggle but
I was never gifted academically but I've
always been clever with general
knowledge like common concepts stuff and
anything to do with business stuff I was
always like alright
but yeah I'm majorly intelligent
basically that's what we've learned from
this is that I am a BA fen I hope you
guys enjoyed this video give me the
thumbs up you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow with another video all
right
then bang boom then boom
