hello welcome to a Marcus reacts video
so i was going to film this with shane
dawson when I was in LA but we didn't
happen to get round to it and I don't
know if I'll ever film it with him and
I've been holding it so long to share it
because it's literally at my pottery one
emotion Baris things I've ever done I'm
just gonna share with you now basically
this was back in the day this is 9th of
april 2010 that's six years ago literary
six years ago when I was just starting
out I was messing about and Shane Dawson
was a massive inspiration to me he's one
of the people that inspired me to start
YouTube and still is that one of my
favorite channels just give you a heads
up the concept was it's like I'm
collabing with Shane but i'm not
actually clapping with him because i
took his videos and found clips from his
videos and cut them and then made my own
videos to go in through so it looked
like we were clapping from around the
world but really I was just stealing his
video clips here we go to smaller
bedroom I went to the effort as well
look at that on my phone I from changing
that i added a contact in for Shane
Dawson but put his picture and
everything my acting is on belief oh oh
look at that I Shanghai den hey what's
up I got some big news this is so pretty
early I've had to pause it look at my
hair just let's just take a minute to
look at my hair that's what my hair is
gonna why is gonna look like either but
I left this for like four months I'm oh
my god it's finally that you want to do
video collaboration with me because I'm
not be the kind of crazy I know okay oh
I know you want to give me a shout in
one of your videos exactly like what you
did for comic 57 why do you always do
that so you know anything I think now is
it good here to them just for reference
I wish this video and Shane shouted out
this guy's channel at the end and told
her not to subscribe to him and this guy
got like fifty thousand subscribers in
one day
and I was like oh sure you can book me
also yeah the native run is back on
really excited all right guess again
I've actually got it now you want to
subscribe to me don't need you do don't
you you want to subscribe to me this
isn't working think smaller okay let's
see some role play why do I like
remember writing this out as I'll I
literally wrote a family cuts on fire
his and vote wise gonna say hello oh
great great Cutler that didn't make any
sense and it goes straight you know I
used to be Cassius personal assistant
well did you know I used to rock Cowboys
every day what was I doing why did I buy
do I try and do that what's your actual
favorite movie Brokeback Mountain
classic I know what I say I've watched
it like three hundred times oh yeah did
you get sent something nice by doing
what yeah cool I got your package today
I'm sure you have lots of fun and just
make sure you use it carefully dude I am
so depressed but there's nothing there's
this makes no sense like literally no
sense there's no story to it's just
random things that's happening and the
title is called Shane Dawson calls me
for lube did you use too much loot oh I
must have overexcited her that's what
she said hey babe I don't there's a
Cringer clip of me on the internet of
looking at the camera and going there's
was superb let's get out of here and
feel each other's insides okay I lastly
knock on this bye alright guys I'll see
you later bye you can see here inspired
me because I copied his outro literally
the exact same by and swung my hand like
in like that but I don't know god no
we're blogging what would I say about
their you guys doing what do you think
the little sketched I just pulled up
there thank you so much all of your
lovely
on my holiday blog video I'm really
sorry didn't reply to any of them thank
you so much those comments i'm really
sorry i didn't reply to any of them or
the shamed or someone shane dawson video
before dings I was going holiday I'm
holiday vlog wanna dings I was really
busy but I will apply it all of you
hello like innocent am i there I'm SAT
there you go i'm sorry i didn't reply to
a single comment I've been really busy
but I will respond reply to all of the
comments I think about ends when I had
like 10 comments a video future comments
so yeah love you have been asked me
about blog TV that will be back kk @ 8
p.m. london time links not in the
doobly-doo anymore it's in the
doobly-doo so get the link from man will
they'll be a little annotation so much
chubby face yeah yeah so yeah leave me a
comment like it thumbs up yay and my
thanks must go to shane dawson for
having those videos that are you and my
things must go to shane dawson for what
I didn't allow me he's Vicki but i'm
sure everyone watching this knows who he
is both not go on his channel the way i
say i'm sure everyone knows he is but in
case you don't Claire's a link to his
channel I think that's really had a lot
hundred views my not loaded it and I'm
like hey shades von the biggest
YouTube's in the world go change yeah
I'll guess I'll see you guys sunday i'm
brock TV by classic absolute that is
there any comment from here this is so
bad Marcus was such a horndog like
literally a hundred and twenty percent
of these old videos a sexual i really
hope Shane's seen this one I love fetus
Marcus haha bless you your blond hair
and your 303 ringtone fangirling over
Shane Dawson and wanting to do a
collaboration oh how times have changed
this is very clever you are a cutie hey
answer this honestly do you like Shane
Dawson's bids yes I do wow you're stupid
I thought this is real at first but this
is fake this was put together horribly
at least I received nice comments back
in the day geez quit posting your videos
on additions videos when they have
nothing to do with the purge
and that is like I said I think the
worst video I've ever made so congrats
on being one of the few people that have
now I've shared that with I hope you
enjoyed it if you did give the video a
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
moving our video
