hello welcome to aah oh my god started
in that and I was like oh my neck feels
warm yes we can flip it all the way
through my neck
welcome to try not to cringe episode dos
done one of these before went down
really well so hey ho if you like
something go Sam well guess what we
bring it back on the channel so let's
try not to cringe numero twoo ultimate
cringe compilation try not to cringe
very hard
I can't remember what it was like doing
the last one although was acceptable I
know
oh my god sorry just say how the wall
bioenergetics designed to help clients
release memories stored in the muscles
in this case by hitting a pillow with a
tennis racket I was angry at my mother
so I started saying mom mom mom why did
you do that to me oh sorry what was that
for
did he say muscle mechanics or something
I guess more anger issues rain drop open
my locker I don't I don't get what's
happening you think you're all that what
you guys oh my gosh do they think
they're rappers is that what's happening
no this is actually pretty somewhere
this is a joke
oh my god he just can't really wrap it
done oh oh and then he just dropped the
mic after that as if he'd thrown M&M
under a bus
oh all night that good face all welds up
and okay I know you can't watch that
fades away yo you finish with the yo
dude came run he's like dude you came
right okay what a crime oh they're not
routine hey you can't mess with me Oh yo
yo please stop please you suck those are
with holes let's all just take a minute
yo you suck bows along with hoes I mean
suckin hoes probably that's you know
fair but if he's sucking hoes that eight
years old lad day you who's filming this
why so close this faces what you don't
know what to say so I actually um action
in skip forward please are we right yeah
well so is that kid smoking he's
literally six years old
was it a lolly come on my question oh
he's actually smoking like that you know
what you'll get pod pod like the 10 must
be you got to it what you ain't got no
to speak so publish it and then recovers
I think your Walkman Kalama geeky starts
guys got pretty good flow line on Elias
flows previous sound up man I get mic
one top of the block
better get a drop with on top of it or
gonna pop in the beautiful cock with me
this guy's not from Jamaica I don't
misread addition right pussy I make Nick
what about trying pussy thought that I
might sell out oh do you want Bill
Nelson got fucked or mom on it if
another panel may I'm sorry
don't think you fucked his mum you are
eight years old I can't handle this
video yes it was it wasn't Jerry
Springer I'll marry you at a dull
because I'm dull really good surely he's
just not doing this to get on TV oh I
got a cheerleader uniform this calm be
real so see I am NOT Thank You ugly
looking bitch wine I am pregnant with my
son Frederick jr. I'll be five months
tomorrow and he's kicking the shit on me
right now yeah my dad got like a high
fence in the background yeah yeah
sounds like tiny tempers over the
tractor yeah three weeks ago tomorrow at
6:18 a.m. yeah my husband's grill he
didn't lure watching TV he got away from
you I think idly him in the first
playoff my fucking camp right when I had
won him change it ride my family pain
yeah yeah oh and she just had a hiccup
yeah she just had a hiccup and the 2010
back in 2000 I was 12 years old turned
13 back in 2012 I was 12 years old old
turned 13
well she do skipper fucking here 2005
out with 19 turned 20 I thought I was
sorry 19 yeah you're annoying me from my
memory this is so much more cringeworthy
than that first video ever was so well
done for making me cringe ridiculously
and just utter no like I'm a bit lost
for words to be honest thought some of
those videos that I've just witnessed
but hey it's all for entertainment
purposes right give it a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with another one
good bye
