hello there everybody and welcome back
to snapchat quick Q&A number two first
one I had such fun doing I really really
enjoyed it so hey we're back here with
numero dos my snapchat if you want to
follow me add me all that is marked
Butler but other than that let's get
right into a snapchat I'm Marcus if you
could live in any country around the
world ever what would it be
Oh cheers Jack I said this in the last
on my favorite place to live in the
world is London but if I had to choose
another country probably LA because it's
so similar to London in terms of work
and I've got friends there's of that but
in terms of a random country that I
absolutely adored it'd probably be Bali
in Indonesia because it was like the
most beautiful place in the lab you're
in it another question if you just
happened to be short of questions which
I'm sure or not is what was your best
moment in LA oh it's quite a good
question my best moment in LA that's
such a wish because there for so long
I'm switching that to Vegas because kind
of counts because I was in Vegas went up
to LA was going to EDC Electric Daisy
Carnival and I had the absolute time of
my life
if you follow me on snapchat you'll be
well aware of that because I spend 15
minutes of your time snap chatting it
once Alfie buys you the cat what are you
gonna do
Daisy the question you guys know Alfie
was like I'm gonna buy you a cat and I'm
sat here like where's my cat me but in
all honesty I don't know if my landlord
would let me have a cat and also because
I traveled so much right now I don't
think it'd be fair on the cat as much I
want a cat absolutely adore cats so so
much but the name I haven't even thought
of it so what would you name my cat
America says wondering how are you going
to visit Ireland again please do come to
Dublin love you bye
so there's no immediate plan to visit
island again last time I was on my book
tour and I did Dublin and Belfast
deublin what's the difference in the
accent Belfast is the only thing I can
save in Belfast it's like pie
the community knows decent that's the
only thing I can say can you pluck your
eyebrows into a really cool funky shape
yeah hello lackeys do you think some day
you would come in friends so we can meet
you or anything oh my god I love you
literally I'm in love of your example so
when I went to France recently I fell in
love with the French accent
because it is very romantic and it
sounds very soothing to to listen to
I was actually hanging out with Joe
Hamza when I was in again for the night
and his accent it's very nice to listen
to because he's so my name is Georgia
he's very French like good franchises
like this is that decent so I don't have
plat plans but I want to come and travel
the whole South of France cuz I love it
hi Marcus how do you get motivated to go
to the gym because I can't okay good
question and how do I get motivated to
go to the gym to be honest with you it's
become part of my routine so now it's
because it's such a big part of my life
going to the gym now if I don't go it
feels weird for you to not go so I don't
really struggle to motivate myself to go
because it's part of the routine so my
advice would be it's hard to motivate
yourself to begin with but once you get
it structured into your week it's like
natural so as you it's not as easy as
about two as you take a shower you like
go to the gym it's not as easy as that
set yourself goals so whatever your goal
is to gain to gain weight to lose way to
build muscle to get better on a cross
machine whatever set little mini goals
so that you can like hit those goals and
have something to aim towards oh let you
die you're really funny this girl's
amazing this isn't the video I just want
to promote self competence and
positivity and everyone wants like
mustard seed empty general I'm gonna
support your message 100 per cell 100
per cell 100% self confidence and
positivity is the way forward in life
don't
don't tell you any differently all these
weird ones coming from this is amazing
hello Marcus what is your favorite song
at the moment my favorite song is right
now I don't know if it's good sex baby
but by cheat codes sex baby I want to
talk about you and me
I Marcus it's my last day in school
tomorrow and in primary school I'm from
Ireland and I was one guy was wondering
what is your favorite school memory so
some of you sending these videos are
like so sweet so review from Ireland as
well favorite school memory is probably
my last day of school when everyone
signs everyone's shut like jumpers and
shirts and you just literally have the
best day of your life reminiscing on
your memories and and your homeschooling
with your friends and you play games all
day that's probably one of the best days
at school what's the hottest weather
you've ever been in because right now
Phoenix Arizona's 8:45 in the morning in
its many factories in the other day hit
under 20 Wow 120 I don't know the
conversions cuz we do centigrade
centigrade Celsius someone else
integrate the hottest weather I've been
in was when I was in Vegas the other day
it was 46 degrees centigrade Celsius
what the fuck am I talking about Celsius
which I don't know what the conversion
is but it's freaking hot hi Marcus I'm
Monet I was just wondering what are your
turn off and turn on
what do you look for in a relationship
okay the way to get deep it turn ons and
turn offs turn ons is someone who can
make me laugh
like if someone who make me laugh that's
like a massive turn or I mean it doesn't
I'm not sat here like all bloody hours
turning me I mean like it's really cool
it's all gonna make me laugh so yeah
turn-offs I don't have any specific I
can say if I can think of one thing is
probably really petty as manners just
not being polite or saying thank you
like if someone's done something for you
just appreciate that and say thanks ah
from Switzerland and my question is what
is your favorite season and why you do
not sound like you're from Switzerland
favorite season is summer when it's nice
weather or spring because spring gets
you really excited for summer high work
is all right I was wondering if you're
ever gonna make another rap song oh well
now that you say that there is no
immediate plan but it is in my long-term
plan to make another rap song when are
you going to get a tattoo cuz you said
you're gonna get one when you get me
going is amazing I did say I was gonna
get one I was gonna get one in LA and I
got really busy and didn't have time to
properly think about it so now I'm still
thinking about it and I'm like am i 100%
committed to it because if I'm not
hundred percent committed to it there's
no point in getting on so well that's
where I'm at right now if you had to dye
your hair like in unnatural color what
color would it be if I had to Danaher an
unnatural color the color is now I mean
there's no natural color really is it I
mean it's blond of Izzie I'm natural
than that probably blue though yeah that
round that snapchat Q&A number two I
really hope you guys enjoyed it if you
want me to continue these then smash the
thumbs up button and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video bye Bubba
Bubba bye
