hey and welcome back to a tried video I
haven't done a try be do and it feels
like forever but forevers on this
channel probably only means a month
because film so much for this channel
got the box anyway of my stuff on this
it feels very light so we'll see but see
where the work where in the world
they're from my prediction is Russia
Matt fiction is Tyler Oh or Iceland
wouldn't that be fitting put him oh it
looks very Oh glum be at this month's
treats come to you from the tropical
lands of Colombia located in South
America Colombia is famous for his
beautiful mountains excellent coffee and
for the beauty of its natural
environment maybe I should do the rest
of it in ur like Columbia accent
according to a numerous polls at the
Colombian speech Colombia is also known
for being the happiest country in the
world you think part of the reason is
this is awful it's because of the
delicious range of snacks in that
country there we go what on earth is
that thing they smuggled in some drugs
but for real Colombia is I really really
want to go to Colombia crooners I've got
some fruit us which is fruit classic
South American candies Fruit Chews by
foreigners the candies with a fruity
taste and chewy texture so I wonder if
they're like chew it all want remember
to it
what was that advert with the dinosaur I
like to chew it chew it I like to chew
it chew it you like to chew it
well they're very skinny versus chew it
here we go oh I think I'm gonna like
this a lot
Oh rip buddy how their sugar I see a lot
of sweets I wrote laps up this stuff
now we've got strawberry but oh this are
those strawberries a strawberry funer it
looks like a strawberry aisle much
further banana never really a strawberry
lover of sweet strawberry with such like
boring of its like choosing vanilla as
your favorite ice cream you know this
when things say Nestle I'm like in my
head I think of Nestle as being English
which I know it's not at all but here
we've got more neat as Moneta what
language they speak in Colombia vanish
this is chocolate covered cookies one of
those popular chocolate snacks in
Colombia is perfect as a dessert after a
meal as a light snack or complements
your morning coffee
I would advise it's not great as a light
snack or as complement to your morning
coffee personally as I'm coming from
someone who knows a thing or two about
healthy eating whoa look it comes are
it's like a double-decker cookie that
aging robot Toby there that is amazing
it doesn't nothing about you know when
you get a biscuit you're like that looks
really bad that looks really bad but
tastes amazing yeah I would rate that
not for looks but for what's inside and
you know what that's how you should
treat every person in the world
okay next we've got a jet wafer jet
wafer jet wafers by national chocolate
company a chocolate-covered waffle
wafers with a crunchy texture
each bite fills your mouth with the
taste of chocolate and vanilla a great
snack to take and enjoy on-the-go food
or more word morbid
here we go may you go looks like a dough
no it looks like just a normal normal
chocolate then not about that Apple and
not found that because it's the wafers
like way to wafer II if they have any
sense I'm yeah the next thing we've got
looks very interesting it's like what's
it's have been enlarged oh this is
really gonna test the old Spanish in it
here we go
a cheer estelle hula by a cheer Estelle
Willa Digital Colombian crackers cracker
is not cracker they're made from a cheer
of flour
native to the region instead of wheat
flour crunchy cheesy and buttery and
taste is gluten-free and is healthy
snack to enjoy and is also gluten-free
well they like the fact that is
gluten-free don't they healthy mmm we'll
see I don't think you'd find this in
sauce box but why did I smell the pack
smell back oh and I'm gonna eat it I
really need this
I hurt
I'm written off Anna it's like a thick
breadstick but it tastes very
manufactured you know like if you have
bread stick and you put butter on your
bread stick it tastes like it's had
tried to do that but hasn't quite
achieved it next we've got Gaga's la
coka set a chocolate covered and coconut
flavored wafers that sounds like it's
gonna be good I originally introduced in
Venezuela in 1956 and has since become a
mainstay in Colombia as well okay let's
see what this coconut covers wait for it
oh it look look at that oh my god it's
like this is this reminds me of my
grandma when I used to go around with my
sisters and stay over at my grandma's
we'd always have midnight snacks exactly
on exactly when it got to midnight we'd
go and have a midnight snack
one of the things you have was pink
wafers but these really generic branded
ones and this reminds me exactly of that
because it's exactly what they look like
smells very coconutty oh my god so many
memories are coming back right now
that's really good it's exactly the same
texture but just coconut flavor and next
we've got a lama he'd stop saying this
and why is it come in the baka DLO
Valley no is a guava paste made with
guava pulp and Piniella guava snacks are
traditionally wrapped in the leaves of B
Zhao calcia lutea leaf to preserve and
enhance its flavor so maybe they put it
in there
it's usually wrapped in a leaf to bring
although it's wrapped a leaf in it oh my
god that is so cool literally wrapped in
a leaf it didn't say what it what oh
that's so cute there you go there's
that's a leaf from Colombia
it didn't describe what it was but it
looks like a the shape of a brownie but
nothing chocolaty what's over oh my god
that right nothing I've ever had before
like amazing what it basically is I
think is the fruit did it say it was
guava so it's like guava fruit in the
middle and it just mixed with loads of
sugar that's so good
and there we go that is me trying
Colombian foods for this times box of
treats I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and next month we'll
find out where else is the food is going
to come from there are any of you
watching this from Colombia by the way
let me know penny I hope you enjoyed the
Animus eats more moving on video bye
