hello and welcome to a guest the logo
challenge number two you guys literally
absolutely loved it when I did the first
one and I think I absolutely nailed it
look did I get them all right thinking
about it I've got them all right I did
very very well we're back to take on
round two of the logo challenge quiz so
let's see I do I just do so well these
I'm really interested in company which
company - these logos belong to oh I
have no oh that's that's Barbie right
yes it was I have not got a clue
ah I mean it's definitely not a D - it's
not New Balance so it's good year I
don't know what good year is oh that's
Aldi yeah that's how D oh yes here he is
that's Lionsgate without even see I'm so
on it guys I'm doing it without even
seeing that that's Lionsgate what
an a minute steeped in mine words there
 that's such a thought it's not
Lionsgate at all I know exactly
Lionsgate is the flip in the gates that
open and then it's Lauren's goat it's
throwing off because you see the lion
and you're like oh your loins Girt
bloody hell it's every James Bond film
isn't it metro-goldwyn-mayer oh that's
is it oh oh man is this Lipton or just
Schweppes doing is Bundaberg oh I don't
know this is hard
I think it's not Schweppes I think it's
Lipton pipes webs oh that's um oh is
that Kwanzaa is that Billabong no it's
not Billabong
that's not Billabong that's Qantas yeah
it's Qantas that is a hundred percent
Nintendo just throwback to Nintendo 64
ah there's a new pope on coming out
isn't there would it be really sad if I
was to get that Pokemon and play it that
is the body shop that is definitely the
body shop boom isn't it so fascinating
to think that these brands that have
created these logos have got such good
brand identity that you can do things
like this and know that know the load
know the thing that's Intel or is it
Dell Intel yeah buddy that's the tires
that's the Mitch Mitchell entire mission
tires boom yeah baby and what you got
eight out of ten right great job let's
have a recap what did I get wrong I
can't believe I got Barbie right in the
first place same as good G I don't know
what Gojira is is that an American brand
howdy ago it was Lionsgate yeah why that
still annoyed me now cuz I know what
Lionsgate is and it's not that oh I got
two wrong in a row I got yeah I called
that Schweppes rather than Lipton so oh
good oh well say yeah out of ten right I
hope you guys enjoyed this video I seem
to be rather good at the logo game so if
you would like to see another give the
video a thumbs up let me know in the
comments and I will see you tomorrow
with another video all right bye
a
