alright guys has a game with y'all face
today I have seen so many people ask me
to try a try not to you on challenge
obviously yawning is like scientifically
contagious when you see someone yawn
makes you one of y'all I've got some
yawning videos and we're gonna see if
I'm gonna yawn
I have literally just had an iced coffee
so you would think that I'm in buzzcity
right now it's not to say I'm knocking
you I'm gonna put headphones in as well
just for the full experience you know I
want to be fully Jana ties how am I
gonna fail at this if you and you fail
are you ready I'm so ready for this not
doing it for me does it just thought
this one person no I've wanted to yawn
then the baby's not even your now I
really wanna yawn I'm the only talking
so I'm not yawning if I wasn't talking
I'm over that word if I wasn't are
that's making me one of you on so bad as
me if I wasn't talking throughout this I
promise you I'll be yawning so hard
right now I hate this my jaws hurting my
joys genuinely like wanting to go it's
not no that's fine
that's ooh that look like superwoman per
se sorry that guy had the can we just
pause they like the fake is Sean he was
just like genuinely guys I promise you
my jaw hurts because I've consciously
been restricting it from yawning
mmm Oh what the hell this the weirdest
then that's the cutest thing oh we're
good it's not as hard with the animals I
can I can watch animals your and that's
not a problem
the music is really annoying in this
video that dog nearly did it for me
nearly set me off the video is finished
now I need to yawn hmm oh my god that
felt like the best yawn of the century
oh my god not even tired
I mean I should be tired I'm a little
bit jet-lagged but it's cuz I've held
off for so long though hello really get
screwed that's crazy I managed to hold
out for the whole video and as soon as
I'm like I've done now can relax my jaw
just like bran let's see
alright guys let's see if this makes you
yawn you don't tell me in the comments
we get a little test okay I am going to
yawn or try a new on to you and see if
it works so you got a stare and make a
oh that's probably really awkward for
510 seconds but did that make you on
anyway I actually I'm saying that I
passed that challenge because I didn't
yawn until I finished and I'd relax and
stop watching so I'm saying I passed
that video
oh I feel like so you want so much now
it looks like I'm been crying
I'm having crying hey give a video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
your beautiful face my shoulder tomorrow
with another video all right bye
