hello beautiful safety people welcome to
another blindfolded video today is
probably the one I'm most excited for
out the whole series we've done so far
and that is because it's blindfolded
Pizza yeah baby bear pizza is one
favorite it's one of my favorite cheap
too so I'm going to eat naughty and I
mean who doesn't like pizza
dear Upton gemenon like pizza Gemma you
are weird
another honestly people who don't like
pizza I don't know if I can be friends
of you what would you do except you said
she doesn't like pizza break up with her
special a pizza that's it what the
favorite is pizza huh yeah so you guys
know the school I'm going to be
blindfolded we're going to have five
different pizzas laid out in front of me
different brands etc and my job is to
guess wearing transfrom is the exact
same piece certain my correct so or
margarita all margaritas right
margaritas slices laid out in front of
me that's good one of them is a
supermarket zone Yeah right time for the
space marks to go on I'm entering a
different world or is either no
gentleman
Arthur's Denton oh it's a shame this is
kind of blocking my nose a bit because I
smell with a bit came with pizza I feel
like I love you love pizzas so much or a
juice appeared Domino's after a night
out so if you think you're going to love
this the thing is whenever I send him to
do well I never end up doing well when
right there don't I'm not doing okay so
I'm going to say I'm not going to do
well honestly the second that beep is my
mouth though
don't want to eat the whole thing oh I
know you're not even joking
old Marcus is going to jump back into my
skin do you remember at VidCon though
when we ordered that pizza me and Jim
not medium shared one that you guys
wants yourself yeah and then you finish
that I finished job yeah I was impressed
you always said that you wanted to see
me when I am I respect you right from
the roots
I am impressive I am the food just got
very good willpower as well
ah welcome smelly this alien Mars
yeah massively is everything out
everything is out oh no cheating
promise on watching a tour promise
jogging around you the pizza up yeah
that might be good a little finger
blobster so we are we have five pizzas
all margarita yeah how are you gonna do
I'm saying three out five right put your
hand up in the air oh very small where's
the cross but I'm so does that the crust
there I you're holding the crust now
yeah I think I know that I might have to
remove this and just honestly both lies
of
okay okay that is the supermarket pizza
do you think I think that Sukhmani pizza
okay watch pick that to know the way the
taste and I don't know I just think the
soup on piece of shit tastes like shit
okay so if my beats are still good man I
love super much pizza yeah great for
number two yes this is mrs. torture very
small oh oh my god we are very serve a
little know meet other knee priest at
the moment I'm doing Domino's whoa
Nathan yep or died a big nice slice of
pizza all of all eaten Domino's yeah you
don't know for sure
oh my god baby Peter is gay lucky to
have fought enough food truck that was
another order to the start getting
restaurant I knew to be a pizza making
those dominoes to Louise that was tasty
you ready yes they're like a dirty cross
Eva Papa John's or Peter hey last one
this market sauce is good isn't it
Papa John's okay peace our Domino's
Pizza Express
super ahead coming up you can vary from
photos bright can say okay we're on my
right to your left
that makes anymore from right when I
thought yet maybe static that's right
you said that was supermarket Pizza you
were correct yes you said that the
second one was Pizza Express Pizza
you're correct
you said that was Domino's Pizza Papa
John's died on me
the family's is amazing you said the
next one was Pizza Hut Bob at Domino's
it's dominated our fuck sake
so then the last one he said was Papa
John's was peoplehood Papa John's man oh
so you've got 2 out of 5 it's supportive
of that impress the Papa John's oh I
haven't had Pok John's in a long time I
think next cheat day I'm having puppet
with this well there we go that was
probably my favorite one so far I'm a
little bit disappointed if I'm on it
I honestly am surprised I think a
Domino's based off of how much is eat it
but my views for that is I never really
ate margarita because smuggler ether
isn't it
it's margarita but I hope you guys
enjoyed the video give the video a
thumbs up if you did subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you tomorrow another
one good bye
