howdy hey hey hey how do you Hey what is
going on today welcome back to another
slightly sexual video probably I don't
know that that's the case yet but it
probably will be because it's called
this quiz will determine have sex
obsessed you actually are so we're gonna
find out if I'm a horny little fucker or
not let's jump right in to the video
this quiz was sounding a sex-obsessed
you actually are what's your first
thought when you see this picture what
lots of fairy cock I've seen that
picture before but well that's a fairy
cock that is my first thought I mean it
just is what's the first thing you
notice in this photo oh my god that she
doesn't have like sure any trousers what
the hell this is so weird
yeah it looks like she's not wearing
trousers so that girl's touching herself
I've seen this picture before some kids
are hanging out by the lake or and that
guy's got the world's most inappropriate
boner because I've seen it before
some kids hanging out by the lake but -
you guys you might be like huh how does
this picture make you are oh my god I've
seen this I've seen this literally it
looks like hairy bum holes when you
first see it doesn't it looks like - the
two arses back-to-back and oddly because
the baby's face is always like but it's
actually a bald man and his shot is he
naked I think this I know is shorts
there by the head
yeah it's a bald man right but at first
cause it's like what how does this
picture make you feel it still makes me
feel funny I pulled that hairy bum hole
hovering over the baby first thought I
can tell it so far it also looks a
little bit like two pairs of leg but a
pair of legs and a bum right yeah it
looks like a bum alright at first glance
would you hink there's pictures of but
first glance it looks like a massive
penis coming out looks almost a third
leg but it's a pig right yes I mean okay
if we're playing by the game at first
glance yeah it looks like I'm a naked
man showing me more than I need to see
okay what's happening here a cougar
is doing a deer of the bomb sexual
predator showing prey gift huh
100 live was happening the deer is well
into it is just like yeah bro glance at
this for one second what does it say a
nail don't see anal I see a nail didn't
fool me that time did you be honest what
does this make you think of bomb ho
an angry red bomb half Oh Vic the clear
white goop makes you think of not
deliciously sugar I think let me have
some some guy yeah some someone someone
had a lot of fun with a doughnut that's
what I'm going with on that first
thought that doesn't look like a vagina
it's a beautiful glacier the answer to
this puzzle ah why do these things wide
our minds instantly think of the rudest
thing possible what is the scientific
background behind this maybe we should
delve into that one video the reason why
people think sexually active thoughts
would you like to see that as a video so
yeah F me an a tonight right what's the
first thing you think of when you see
this Oh seriously but there's these two
coffees doing naughty stuff to a dog but
I can't think of that so two cute kids
and their dog budding holding hands okay
this one what's your first thought a
light in a ceiling lady parts
but what late ah yeah okay yeah I see
that
I do see that now but the gloomy
corridor for me God's really quickly at
this picture what's the first thing that
catches your eye it looks like the
behind of a person with their bum first
thing you think when you see this what
what the hell is her hand I don't know
what the first thing I see
I'm so confused her hand is in between
her legs lady where's your skirt that
yeah that's yeah what do you see I mean
I quickly saw straight away after at
first it looks like the girl on the left
is
that they're like hey here's my legs but
it's not right
so I'm saying literally it just the game
girls on a night out real quick what
catches your eye a pair of boobs yes
okay but it's just a door boobies I
guess
and finally if someone texted you what
would you think you know what I don't
actually get this I never use this emoji
of the aubergine
I don't think cheeky I always think it
is an aubergine but I know people use it
as the dick emoji right like something
like that I don't know what else you
might use it for hey tonight I'm cooking
us up some you got you've got a dirty
mind oh you naughty person you've got an
eye for rude funny gross and dirty
things even if they're not there your
dirty mind is proof of your great sense
of humor ha ha and it's one of the
reasons your friends love you so much
oh thank you is that one of the reasons
you guys love me so much because of my
let's not lie you don't love me do so
that's irrelevant
really but hey oh you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up and I will see you
tomorrow with another video goodbye
