some people call me Kanye West because
of my clothes others call me Justin
Bieber I like to call myself Marcus
Butler hello and welcome to video number
four I have snapchat if you did not know
I am on snapchat I go at me follow me
whatever you call it Marcus Butler
that's all it is
and I snapchat a lot like it might is
literally like my favorite social
platform at the moment so if you want to
see what I'm up to on a day-to-day basis
I almost do mini daily blogs over on
snapchat so I thought it'd be fun to do
video Q&A at snapchat Q&A because I've
never done one before and loads of you
are sending me stuff through so we're
gonna just go for it and I'm gonna do
videos because then I can put them on
the screen as well so here we go love
they use the dog filter my favorite
thing about filming a video I don't know
if it this counts as the favorite thing
but my favorite thing is uploading it
and then seeing reading through the like
comments in the first hour just to see
like the instant feedback from doing a
video serial and what's your favorite
dog breed and this is my dog my favorite
dog breed
no my hater cereal is rude health
granola are the ultimate granola it's
called favorite dog breed let's go in
french bulldog what's your biggest fear
in life that is deep okay my biggest
fear in life is I've got three number
one is not being able to have kids like
from being infertile or something like
that number two is getting an incurable
disease number three is going bald
losing all my hair cuz I like my hair
my name is Marcus hey Marcus just wanted
to ask what inspired you to make your
YouTube channel love you that's a bloody
good question right there what inspired
me to start my youtube channel it was
totally out of boredom that's just
sitting there in my room and one day I
was like you know what I'll give his all
YouTube thing a try Irish people is that
bad I probably offended everyone hey
Marcus I'm Kayla and I was wondering if
you could have any pet in the world what
would it be
thank you for your question if I could
have any pet in the world
100% a pet tiger because Tigers are my
favorite animals well that would be
cruel to have on what I'd do is I'd have
I'd make the tag so I get the type on a
young age and I'd like grow it up every
day grow it up raise it every day so got
to know me and I'd give it like the
biggest garden in the world I'd make it
like it's the jungle just for the tiger
so then I'd go in there and every time I
go in there it'd come and like lick me
and stuff well Margaret onto our screens
Oh Margaret I have been seeing a lot of
people asking about market recently who
knows should Margaret make a return in
the comment but yes or no
MasterChef was incredible the whole
experience
I am gutted that I didn't last longer in
the competition but considering my lack
of experience compared to everyone else
I had so much fun learnt so much I've
met some amazing people so the whole
thing was amazing
hey Marcus my second question for you is
wearing a prize in the future are you
gonna leave the UK or are you gonna quit
YouTube bye I don't know how casual that
was like oh yeah now you can quit
YouTube plans for the future not going
to quit YouTube don't plan to move
outside the UK because I moved to London
I love London London is like my favorite
city in the world by the way I just
wanted to say that I am in love with
your hair and my brother is so jealous
of it Dabra I just want to say that I
like like a ghost dog I love your accent
so thank you for loving the hair
love your accent my question for you is
did you enjoy VidCon and are you going
next year you know I actually loved
VidCon and I will most likely be there
next year and I think they're going
global as well so maybe I'll be wherever
else they go have you got any exciting
trips planned for this year did you ever
consider like having an operation to get
rid of one of your eyes I think it's a
great look for you I've got a few I've
got a few trips that I'm going on I've
got a family a holiday I'm going on and
soon in September I'm going back to
Ibiza for a couple of days with my
friend Dave with Dave me and my friend
Sam and I think his girlfriend and maybe
a couple of my other friends other than
that those many trips our plan I'm sure
there's a lot of work stuff that will
happen but it never gets booked that far
ahead
that makes sense hi Marcus who's your
favorite male actor - Leonardo DiCaprio
like we're so cliche obvious Mara
obviously is a legend second is miles
teller I like him because he's young so
I think he's going I already think he's
an amazing actor but I think he's gonna
be like one of the all-time greats when
he's older what's your favorite color
favorite color
I always there's black Albert blacks not
a color okay orange what is your
favorite healthy snack I love you
interesting face there you just had
sports day hope the sports day went well
favorite healthy snack ahh
like what's my absolute favorite you
know probably my absolute favorite is
and I'm only sense because I have it on
and I literally have it on databases
Polson bar so post into an orange bar
and it's like a protein snack bar and
that's probably my go-to favorite
healthy snack and there we go that
rounds up my first ever snapchat Q&A I
really hope you guys enjoyed it it's
really fun like sitting here being more
interactive with you guys because I've
done so many Twitter Q&A before but
snapchat I feel like I'm actually seeing
who's asking the question as well so I
might start doing like a lot more of
these and
I was about to say one a week maybe not
one a week but at least one a month for
sure let me know if you guys liked it
but you in the video thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow in that video all right
