hello welcome back to another five of my
favorite music songs going on right now
what a weird bleep rubbish introduction
you guys know the score every month I
share like five of my favorite songs
that you might not have heard that is
the aim of the game here we go this is
gonna be a lot of time it's usually like
very similar chill wavy type vibes but I
went to EDC in Vegas I feel like it's
gonna be a little bit more house themed
than usual but we're still at some
chilly ones in their pool so the first
song I'm starting with is called silver
clouds by low self it's very awesome
it's awesome sounding songs to crank
that up I love that little high pitched
voice
Brady Hart - but I'm literally really
genuinely I don't know what I just did
that actually pulled us in my neck from
that slight little movement so that's
cool that I've done that
civil clouds low self that's why I'm
starting with I've got so many I want to
share with you because it's been like a
good six weeks since the last one so
this is very difficult choices for me
the next one I'm going with is I started
an EDM playlist on my Spotify you guys
know all these songs most limit on my
Spotify so I'm links down if you wanna
follow it's in my future playlist which
is future house which I don't know why
cuz this song isn't really future house
but it's a twist on an original song you
all know most you will know this song
though artists the weekend the hills but
way it's a remix so it still sounds the
same song here and now the tempo changes
the burn
it drops a little bit
that's the hills re twisted by DJ Styles
yo back to my total chill playlist let's
see if we've got other stuff che on here
yeah actually you know what I am mixing
a little bit I'm gonna play you this
flume song most you probably have heard
this song you guys know how obsessed I
am with flume if you haven't listened as
new album yet you should because it's
really really good this song off his
album is called smoke and retribution
which is it's got a lot rap in it which
I like hip hop and rap as well so that's
probably why I like it
now play a few smoke and retribution
it's got really cool cool he's got a
really cool beat and the guy's voice on
your raps and then the chorus is really
like normal flew me you know like wavy
there you go smoked American fusion by
flume you may have heard that because
flumes become really popular let get
okay going over to my soundcloud these
are lots of remixes actually thinking
about it so I'm a SoundCloud I went to
Aditi
it's called Electric Daisy Carnival so
it's a house festival in I think they do
it around the world but I went in Vegas
and honestly had like time my life it
was incredible but wonder is it was
incredible because I saw the
chainsmokers now you guys will probably
know the change like a couple of huge
songs but I didn't know what they'd be
like as DJ as a duo DJ at whatever and
they were literally my favorite people I
saw they were incredible it was so
freaking good so this I'm playing you is
the song you'll know because it was in
the charts but it's a remix don't let me
down feat dare which is in the chops
right now but it's in an alien remix
it's really good the original is amazing
as well
but you guys probably heard the original
media right now I lead you right now
yeah that is game don't let me
down Alain Ian remix and that's in my
soundcloud under my likes you know
seeing as we're on a bit of an upbeat
one and this is very different to others
so sorry if you haven't liked these as
much but let me know maybe you like them
more who knows this is twenty one pilots
that playing next stressed out which is
obviously a huge huge song it's a Tom
size remix
I really really like the original pencil
I wish some vendors never heard 21 fire
course you know about my net blew up we
show them the amount my head has been
watching this whole video
to the good old days
then it comes back in that's also in my
SoundCloud under my likes hope you guys
enjoyed this video more upbeat than
usual and a lot more commercial but
remixes thrown in there so if you did
like it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up let me know in the comments
what you thought and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video all right
love you guys bye
