hello welcome to a video that could be
quite funny have no idea how it's gonna
turn out but I've got a book that is
called tinder nightmares now if you're
not aware of what tinder is tinder is a
dating app the dating app where you can
meet you the girls or guys on there you
swipe to find the person who you like
and if you like them you swipe right if
you don't like them you swipe left and
then conversations can begin this book
is full of tinder nightmares
aka probably funny conversations so I
thought it'd be funny to just read some
out Bayesian talk about the scenarios
this book is about those shitty mishap
weird little puzzle pieces along the way
how'd you meet a person how do you get
to know them quickly well an easy way is
to ask them a wildly inappropriate
question and see if they fall in love
you but chances are they'll just end up
laughing at you if they're friends this
is the thing right so a lot of my
friends on tinder think that the best
way to open is you have to like have
this really witty message that captures
somebody with your creativity and they
literally spend like hours thinking of
what to say when I'm like won't you just
be like yo what's up or hey how's it
going Oh God from Malcolm are you my
appendix because I don't understand how
you work but this feeling in my stomach
makes me want to take you out pose a
girl reading that I just be a bit like
what what are you a campfire cuz you're
hot and I want small you must be a small
amount of red phosphorus and I must be a
tiny stick because we're a match I like
I actually quite like that it's quite
funny favorite non pornographic magazine
to masturbate to
insert witty pick-up line in hopes of
getting a response someone replies and
this is a week later
try harder I'd rock you like a 40 year
old dad rocks a fanny pack at Disneyland
the response that's pretty hard I like
that that would put me off instantly
because when I think of a 40 old man
wearing fanny pack at Disney on I think
of them being a little bit creepy and
weird looking this is really bad this is
this is from Katie are you from
Starbucks because I like you a latte
that's really bad don't ever don't use
that one guys knock knock who's there
Dewey do you do you have to wear a
condom at least
at least getting straight to the point
you know Aaron is getting right to the
point on that one probably not best to
tackle it with that you should probably
be be advising to wear a condom if
you're gonna partake in that Titanic oh
 that's a terrible icebreaker good
bear response ha ha ha good one bear
response
well thank you some people are so like
but that's funny that is that's quite
funny they're just I hurt good one break
chat be interested in a minute and a
half of mediocre sex with the lights on
I'll take you to McDonald's and split
the check to prove I'm no weirdo
you couldn't sound more like a weirdo in
the space of 30 seconds if you tried oh
that I'm not gonna read this a bit too
lip graphic are you a haunted house cuz
I might cry off right beside you they're
all from guys as well every opener is
from a guy over then one so far Patrick
yo having sex with me will make your
night back to me will make your whole ah
amazing I have a lot of respect for
Patrick because that's very funny and
very witty didn't get response though so
my favorite holiday is Thanksgiving how
about you be the turkey and I'll do the
stuffing can't stand stuffing sorry kid
not surprising a response from this on
Danny I want to treat you like my little
toe and bang you all over my furniture
and then cry a lot
gay Oh here nice opener from a girl hood
April hey Matt what you up to just
waiting to the end of March so I can
jump into you April oh that's the best
pick-up line I've heard that was
actually really funny so I can't even
reason is there so like graphic this is
from Gary December 22nd 2014 at 7:01
p.m. so I'm guessing he's probably a
little bit lonely just before the
Christmas holidays hey girl you sitting
on the f5 key because that ass is
refreshing don't say that again lul okay
sorry
in all seriousness if I was a
taxidermist and your pet donkey died
would you let me stuff that ass Shh
what's the point in being on here if
you're gonna be a douche haha sorry if
you're a vegetable you'd be a cucumber
that's so focus he's gone in from would
you let me stuff that ass to her being
like boy you being a douche bag - you're
a cute cumber know what I'd do if I
could rearrange the alphabet from Randy
this person's obviously gone oh yeah I
know that I've heard this a million
times put I next to you know put the D
in you and they've done a grumpy emoji
face back hey did you fall from the sky
no why question mark this one better be
good
because you look like a dead bird
oh this is amazing you're sexy
why oh you are how are you they provide
with the correct door as in you are a
reply wanna she replies I only
sleep with guys that use proper grammar
smile so here's what we do I pick you up
take you to a nice fancy restaurant
candles nice bottle of wine free bread
fist you you don't have to pay for any
of it if you don't want the results it
all sounded great until you turned into
a tender nightmare amen fish stew
I meant fish shoe everyone loves fist
you ha ha ha I think I'll pass thanks
it's my favorite chapter this whole
spelling one I was going to call heaven
and ask if you're an angel but I'm kind
of hoping you're a angel I may be a
cute but I don't know why you would call
heaven for that and that is going to
round up episode 1 of 2 the nightmares
I've had so much fun I'm only a tiny bit
into this book so if you'd like this to
be maybe like a little series then let
me know by giving the video a thumbs up
and leave some comments down below it
might be a little bit raunchy but it's
fun we're gonna we're gonna roll with it
yeah I hope you enjoyed it how to use
moment on video bye
