hello welcome back to a try not to laugh
and the title should be try and see how
pissed off Marcus gets because I always
get really annoyed with these videos and
usually end up renting because I don't
usually find stuff that funny but today
is a different day and we might get a
laugh out of me try not to laugh funny
kids fail compilation 2016
Oh done him anything okay oh oh
properly knocked him out like straight
all hoots one on his head
dude you're gone CMA player though
laughs it does it hurt your nuts that
much when your butt itches
oh I'm sorry the parent on that did not
give a shit either did you hear they're
just laughing it's all funny till
someone gets bitten by the animal oh oh
that would hurt so much oh my god that
could have gone so bad I love how they
get whoever was singing over the top
that was singing frozen Legos but all
that it hurt so much that we have so
much I hate like the pain ones see
people smash their face on the floor
that why are you trying to drop in off
that you're gonna drop it you may not be
doing that down the flippin quarter pipe
not just off a straight drop idiot I
know it's gonna happen you're obviously
gonna go straight into the floor not old
surprise surprise don't don't die trust
me you can do it no God Oh little kids
are so funny
Oh
oh that would like not to our what
shooting the balls I think this is my
favorite China dalabo ever done
generally firings actually fun it the
girl filming that he fools you just hear
a guy ah he's just falling through a
trampoline and she goes oh not good
oh I'm just gonna go straight into the
vault I can see it yeah yeah I've done
that so many times of gymnastics my
first cartwheel see that kids do Toit
God Oh beans beans Oh fun little where
what's not really fun story you guys are
used to gymnastics when you could do
gymnastics competitions anyone that does
it you'll know there's a lot of waiting
around for out the day until the other
age groups compete and then there's
trophy presentations me and my little
sister was sat on a beam what's like
I've finished competing we're waiting
for the ceremony to finish Bubba my
little sister fell backwards off the
beam and landed on the beam what's it
called like the stand that holds the
beam up of metal cracked the whole of
her head straight open like crack
telescope fun fact I was this kickball
haha
question is kickball actually a sport
because is it cool kickball whatever it
was that they played in recess I used to
love the look up I didn't notice a thing
but it looks like they're playing at
that I love this game she go for her
mom's face oh how American is the camera
oh dang it
you're really you're really letting your
four-year-old kid or six-year-old kid
drive a quad bike that's ten times the
size of him sure this is gonna end well
it's gonna hit the ceiling he's
literally gonna hit the ceiling
you're the size that go over it ought to
try that now I've got black battles are
me and my sister you seduce all the time
of each other oh not that my guess my
favorite diversity uh use the break
hopefully this will make my brother stop
laughing at me
who and there we go that rounds up a new
try not to laugh that I think is my
favorite one I've done because I
genuinely found it really really funny
throughout so hopefully you guys enjoyed
it as well if you did make sure with you
it big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video goodbye
