yo welcome back to my setup I feel like
I've not been here for so long because a
true story I literally walked back in
the door from LA two hours ago and I'm
already filming videos because you know
what that's the life of a youtuber today
I thought be really funny to react to
general MasterChef comments based on
general people watching it and also the
media because I think it's hilarious
so if you did not know I was on a show
called MasterChef it's a cooking show in
the UK and yeah I was on it for a couple
episodes it was one of the coolest
things I've ever done I learned so much
from being on the show
but the reason I'm making this video is
because there was so many press articles
that commented on it that guy was just
left laughing when I was reading them so
I thought it'd be funny to kind of react
to that for you guys
you know biasa Jeff yeah they were
celebrity le sorry Celebrity MasterChef
on YouTube was not a celebrity my
absolute fave the Daily Mail Celebrity
MasterChef viewers left stumped while
youtuber Marcus Butler celebrity
credentials Dada and even Greg Wallace
didn't know what a vlogger does or what
a title loved it
it's known for the getting celebrities
hot under their aprons that mistaken
that it should be it's known for getting
but the main talking point for the
opening episode of Celebrity MasterChef
came when both Greg Wallace and viewers
failed to identify vlogger Marcus Butler
on Wednesday night show showing the
generation gap between Marcus and
Sandra's fellow contestants as well as
viewers at home the YouTube sensation
cheerily explained how he rose to fame
on the Internet so it was actually
really nice that they kept this in on
the edit so that's the other thing with
all this TV stuff you don't get to see
anything so the first time I saw
anything was when you guys saw it as
well
like that's legit the first time I saw
anything so it was really nice for them
to put in me describing what it is being
a vlogger which I said I make comedy
sketch videos and they get around 25
million views a month that was included
in the show which i think is really
awesome and while his internet
credentials are indisputable with 4.5
million subscribers and an eye-watering
50 million views viewers were left still
drawing a blank this is what is fakers I
think master chef is probably watched by
an older demographic than obviously
people who watch my videos and people
who do watch YouTube but it was more
like general people watching the show
that were getting annoyed that I was on
the show
why does sir Bertie MasterChef have a
vlogger on a vlog as celebrities
question mark
most of the hashtag master chef
demographic have no idea what a blogger
is sad face what the is a vlogger
when it's at home a posh word for
unemployed and like twittering on the
Internet
oh where do I begin with this the thing
is when a youtuber does something that's
outside of YouTube or breaks onto like
the TV show or something that hasn't
necessarily been done before a lot of
people seem to like lose their minds
that the fact that that's happening a
posh word for unemployed and like
twittering on the Internet no that's not
what blogger means blogging means you
make a video blog like maybe don't be so
narrow-minded and realize that YouTube
and youtubers is like a new wave of
media and it's a whole new generation
that people just need to like get their
heads over and like get their heads
round it a bit because I feel like so
many people that watch these shows and
make these comments just so oblivious to
it or not just even like realize what it
is that we do so one of my favorite
things with like your Daily Mail is the
people who comment on the articles
because they just love so many things in
the world sorry but vlogger is not
celebrity most people watch TV so the
people on there whether you like it or
not
a stars in comparison very few people
watch YouTube and even less subscribe to
this talentless nitwit so he simply
cannot qualify as a star in the
conventional sense just a couple of
facts for you buddy over a billion
people unique people visit YouTube every
single month billion people a daughter
was really excited about marks appearing
on last night's program she wouldn't
normally come and sit and watch TV with
the rest of the family she was at a loss
as to who Tommy Cannon was though
clearly MasterChef caters for all
generations I really like that comment
really like iconic because that
does show you it's a generational thing
like a lot of older people don't know
who youtubers are don't watch YouTube
but it's the young generation that do
know who we are so it's it's like
combining the the generations never seen
news videos or heard his name in my life
scraping the bottom of the barrel for
celebrities now uh I don't even like
know what to say to you just find it
funny people on here and older people
need to understand that we live in a
tech based world young people slash
young adults that watch YouTube the
millions that do all understand that
these people are celebrities and see
them as role models the YouTube
community is huge and these people that
have become famous through it didn't ask
for Fame their subscribers that support
them daily are the ones that cause their
fame everyone that disagrees needs to
move on with time cool that's a nice
supportive comment for the YouTube
community know they had another vlogger
on the GB bake-off the BBC better not
even think about bringing one of these
kids on Strictly Come Dancing not kid
and I hope they do bring a vlogger on
Strictly Come Dancing because again it
will open people like you up to another
wave of a generation no power you
shouldn't be on celebrity TV show okay
never heard of him most of these
vloggers are a waste of space
just like z-list reality TV stars hmm it
annoys me he was called an Internet star
like a TV or movie star the Internet is
too big varied and wonderful to have a
star of it unless you spend all your
time only on YouTube and vine that makes
literally no sense like what is the
difference between being a star on
YouTube or being a movie star a TV star
you could argue that just as many movie
stars if not more or TV stars and
they're on YouTube so your comment makes
literally no sense my kids certain you
who he was and sat down to watch the
show they didn't know anyone else though
I think he was a great addition and
opened up the show to a generation who
wouldn't normally be watching thank you
very much
there's very few people that support
youtubers in any client section on any
press in the UK so appreciated buddy oh
I didn't even bother watching I'm doing
this because this is how I'd imagine
these people sound in real life by the
way I didn't even bother watching last
night but vlogger
it's like Marcus from fan
I had no idea this is even a profession
let alone want just by being on a
celebrity edition of Maude's chef this
is enough to put me right off that just
goes to show like you have no idea of
vlog as a profession like we run
businesses we we run brands we create
content we write direct edit this stuff
ourselves it's like this new form of
digital content that hasn't ever been
done before and there's still people who
have never heard of the word vlogger
which is fine that's absolutely fine but
like educate yourself about it before
just going straight in with trying to
throw it under a bus when you know
nothing about it
virtually all YouTube stars are boring
and stupid spelt with two eyes well
there we go that rounds up me covering
some of the comments surrounding me
being on a TV show bill went deep and
that was more about people still not
getting usually while being scared of
YouTube and that's kind of the point I
wanted to make in this video is just
like hi we're here and we're not bad
people so try not hate on us as much as
you do hope you guys enjoyed the video
if you did sorry if it's bit rambling
but if you did enjoy it give it a big
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
with another video bye
