the mic is on yeah yeah your mics on top
green hey guys look at me blue always
lean machines aka John oh yeah DK is
lazily on he's alright this one today we
are gonna be playing a fun little
challenge called mad libs I'm sure you
guys have seen it all over the internet
but it's basically this word challenge
game you throw random words nouns
adjectives names into a thing and it
creates a really funny sentence you read
out these people have water in your
mouth you have to try and not spit the
water out because the Senate's going to
be really funny when a reader so when it
with Oh Paul what have you been looking
at me hey Jung Chung top search engine
here we go I'm gonna do the first one
these guys you don't have anything in
your mouth yet right okay color ah pink
color blue lobster like you're shy on
all women at math number 60 adjectives
which is doing word running no sir every
word strenuously adjectives squelchy Oh
verb plus ing and thrusting plural
animal camels transportation trike
greeting hello hi howdy hello random
name Boris season summer man or woman
whoa man number 24 bubble hate love
adjectives wait verb so ever again
doing work with them yes thank you
bouncing verb plus ing sweating number 9
man a woman woman not shouted ah African
number 12 color orange adjective porn
early that word button over we're using
it nipples nipples for body part 17
excitedly it's no that's not verb me a
verb is doing something 15 yeah Jim yeah
fishing fishing out okay fishing now
noun plural
bum cheeks now whole pot body penis ah
a coral national French annalen woman
place Australia urban plus ing
and shafting oh wow that's good when a
great article of clothing nipple tassels
color another color white clothing
plural socks
now um punching nope that's a verb I'll
get in at it uh window type of drink
Trina orgasm
fans what you're into my family on
occupation is ing fluffing food Pizza
verb which ones verb again Oh serious
yakking right load your mouths up with
some water
mmm ghazal that I did John last night no
he's gone already
yeah he's goalies kicking oh yeah great
game is it i yeah I'm going deep Johnson
as well my claws get away I nearly
drowned them he's gonna have sought to
eat to the minimum this is a short game
artists let's fill John a mug shot tell
you what let's film a little dev live
this is by the way a dating ad in the
newspaper
pink female seeking blue man I am 30
years old I prefer someone around 16
year old mark
I am strenuously squelchy and had a
passion for thrust Inc if you like
camels call me I must have a trip must
have a trike license
my name is Boris I just got divorced
last summer I'm looking for a beautiful
woman to fill that spot I have a 20 year
old over 24 year old daughter so you
must love kids I am fun and wet at first
someone who doesn't bouncing who is also
into sweating give me a call
9 oh my god oh my god 9 year old woman
seeking an african beauty no younger
than 12 must have long orange hair I
prefer someone with a horn early smile
and strength nipples
I'm 17 feet tall so I'd like someone
shorter than me I like to fishing
fisting I have an interest in bum genes
I also have a tattoo of a hole on my
penis would like to hear from ya we went
for screaming orgasm and then bluffing
we lost touch when we plan to meet again
at the pizza shop I'd like to see you
again if you're reading this please
joking me like I nearly died at least
okay so those were some some ads in the
newspaper
oh all right kids around to nickname
like sweetie snuggle bunny number Marcus
69 plural body part and testicles
BRR fingering adjective largest noun
please clitoris yes or no leo
yes adjective Marcus smothering ly a
month
please my part of a daily Marcus mid
morning good morning mid morning your
adjective itchy any last name finger
banger Wow name for a pet juoh sure it's
a good name number 12 number 16 long or
short short color fuchsia floral
climbing cavities plural clothing bras
plural gloaming fishnet vests color
place blue / Laurel clothing in shoes
your buddy bar pubic-hair adjectives
fire adjectives see weak describe us
secretly its color green a single
combing item bow tie plural shapes
circles single wipeout oh my god there's
none left is Ellen orange family members
sister adjectives happily food Leon
cheesecake food burrito can lay on
flavor fish eat noun adjective leading
Klingon the trigger I trade you pick up
punched ya twatted latin adjective
marker surprise surprise ah beautifully
occupationally on gynecologist
now Brighton single body part the
wieners don't Leslie on that part of
your way oh no it's not your penis mate
it's that party girl were shafted
for example shafted I don't hippopotamus
palm-trees plural clothing underwear
adjective vigorously a transportation
persuade quit any place garden now desk
but plus ing you've got the same time
think riding squatting always or never
Leon always organ on the bodies on
kidney spleen liver large intestine you
ready we do now we all right let's go
town so this is my wedding day it
started off when my snuggle bunny to be
got down on 69 testicles and asked me to
finger him holding up the most largest
clitoris I've ever seen
I said yes on a smuggling may
mid-morning
I married a itchy man named fingerbang
us who I just call for sure Stuart I had
12 bridesmaids and he had 16 Griezmann
all of my bridesmaids wore short fuchsia
panties with matching bras it's good
Stern is names fingerbang are white
fishnet best and dark blue shoes why I
sporting a pubic hair less secretive
green bow tied with red circles hmm a
bow just below my belly and purple hills
just with him the music was pleading
weeds flattened practically all night
Wow the food was beautifully to our
gynecologist took pictures of us in
various places one by Brighton where he
sat on London and I sat on his Venus as
we shafted another was him given me a
hippo back ride with a palm trees with
our underwear left behind how vigorously
weird at the end of it all we've got a
Segway ride to the garden to finish off
the night desk gazing riding and
squatting this day I will always
treasure forever in my large intestine
oh my god that was so hard I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did give
a thumbs up I bleed you so no video from
these guys channels a little bit more
serious than this it was very fun but
also full of information about my body
transformation and the whole process and
obviously these guys are fitness channel
so fitting in right suit them oh yeah so
there's a link down there go check out
otherwise I'll see you guys tomorrow
from my video bye
hmm
okay it's like my let's go we won there
yeah cool right
