hey yo yo yo yo yo yo yo hello today's
question is how fearless are you or me I
guess it's me how fearless am I I'm
about to find out do you live without
fear check all that apply okay do I live
about fit my predictions for this is no
I do not live about fear I get scared
about certain things I alter the phone
even when I don't know whose number it
is I know I don't do that I literally
never answer if there's a number that
comes and I'm like never seen that for
its private number I am going no end in
that sometimes I put my music on shuffle
with no intention of skipping through
all the songs well no I don't do that I
openly like nickelback and don't care
who knows that you know I'm gonna say
yeah because I do like some of their old
stuff like they've got some absolute
bangers circus and a sense of feeling
and this is how you remind me i snapchat
when I have really bad acne and don't
even use the text bottle yeah i snapchat
whatever literally whatever I'll drink
the entire large coffee in public even
if the nearest bathroom is my house way
yes I will do that because I love my
coffee I don't subtweet people I at them
directly I don't I don't do either of
them so I'm gonna leave it sometimes I
don't shave my legs before I get
pedicure sometimes I don't do that guys
yeah I'm saying I don't cuz I don't
cheat I've never shaved them I've never
had a pedicure I've want a white bathing
suit to the pool without testing it out
first to make sure it's not see-through
when where yeah I would never test that
out like I would just rock it I never
delete my Instagram post even when they
only get 12 likes I never delete my
Instagram pics but they do get a little
bit more than 12 likes
fucking know sometimes 13 I have no
problem singing in public even though
I'm terrible saying it absolutely you
get me in that car I will sing my heart
out and get involved occasionally I
won't put my phone on airplane mode when
I'm on an airplane literally never do
that you know they're like and phones
off please and I'm like nope I'm still
checking Twitter I've cursed in front of
my conservative grandmother I did do
that when I was younger unfortunately my
grandmother is yes not here anymore I
always swipe right on tinder I
definitely don't always white ripe on
tinder I can poo in crowded and crowded
public restroom see our cam I've ordered
something at a restaurant now I've never
tried before yep lid she was at dinner
last night and the guy was just like I
recommend this this this this this I was
like okay I've talked my way out of a
ticket before no I rarely put money and
parking me as I just hope for the best
no I definitely don't do that I've been
in public and openly thrown a recyclable
in the regular trash I think I probably
have done that I did the apart but while
I was in Oregon what reference has that
got is Oregon like super on recycling
stuff I'm inside syphilis political
debate with a political science major
just for kicks absolutely not I've been
designated Part C game for it didn't
play any crowd-pleasing throwbacks
definitely not if I'm the DJ I'm like
getting everyone on that floor happy a
post on Instagram with no caption yes i
have my myspace page is still up and
running with all its original photo no
is it maybe i'll get my coffee even if i
think it might rain soon yeah i
literally have my car washed in the rain
before I don't call my mom back Amelia
when I haven't missed call from her
sorry mum sorry a lot the time I don't
but I do speak to mom sorry mum went on
vacation I don't check my emails at all
I wish I could say that I baked cookies
without using a recipe absolutely not
that isn't that is a nightmare on Marcus
Street I food that's past its expiration
date I do but like only by like two days
so if I've got me in the fridge at home
or fish sauce on am like oh this is this
has got two days left to cook at two
days it went out of date yells doc
show me my results you got your pretty
brain go you crazy so I'm quite crazy I
guess who would have known I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to give a big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video all
right love you guys said tomorrow bye
