hello and welcome back to fanfiction
number last time what happened Alison
took the plane she's she waved by
tamarcus she landed and then someone was
waiting for at the airport Oh
plot twist its Brendon hurry let's see
where we're at
- I know get a hug either Brendan asked
jokingly Brendan eventually dropped his
arms knowing the attempt was pointless
we all left the airport after getting
the rest of my suitcase from baggage
claim sorry whose family would rock up
with your ex-partner and not even tell
you not know let alone bring them just
be like Oh surprised Alison Brendan was
telling me about an internship he going
to earlier Brendan
could you explain the internship to me
again uh I thought my story about my
trip wouldn't even take this long
Wow isn't that fascinating Alison so
fascinating and I expected for us to
drop Brendan off at his house before we
drove to our house but we didn't he's
staying for dinner what kind of cruel
joke do they think this is dinner was
unbearable and nobody really cared about
my life or what I did for the past month
by the time I was about to stab my eyes
with my fault
I just hurted against it and stood up
and said I'm going to get more water you
Alison needs a comment oh I've always
his kitchen and called Marcus hey Ally
Hey I suspected you came home safely yes
I did were you worried well you never
know what might happen on a plane there
might have been a guy with explosive
diarrhea you know that's something you'd
say to your girlfriend Ashley like that
pot twists the guy with the explosive
diarrhea it was me no I thought I could
trust you my card conversation goes down
hey hey right so what are you doing now
trying to get away from the fam I think
that's not good thing considering you've
only been home for what three or four
hours what happened the usual family
drama
who's she's speaking to I'll tell you
later they're in the other room after
all I think it's still Marcus well you
so though you can hear what you're
saying
not exactly we're having a family dinner
by escape from home to get a glass of
water oh I see well I don't want to keep
you from spending too time of your
family I do ha ha that doesn't matter
since they won't give time we time to
discuss why did the internship or
explain that I now have a boyfriend but
you should still go sit with them at
very least oh come on now go do it
takes me later tell me how it goes by
what what flowing convo they've got
going on there he's such a weirdo I love
him for it though don't even know him I
walked back into the dining room with my
phone and water and a ham and Kaitlyn
said gee it took you long enough
shut up you twat twat
really you've only been away a month and
now you see British words who's Kate her
sister yeah and I'm not afraid to stand
to you whilst I shove them up your
Allison the table became quiet everyone
stayed quiet as I began to pack my car
with my suitcases and bags to bring them
back to my apartment in the city
bye everyone Alison it was Brendan yeah
do you need help unpacking at your
apartment no thanks well you seemed
pretty upset do you want to talk no come
on tell me what's on your mind nobody I
looked at him with pure disgust as I
walked to my front seat ready to go hold
on no Brendan wait just let me come with
you
this impressions awful isn't it hi
response whatever get in I don't know
why I was all of the sudden pissed off
at Brendan you've been pissed off him
since you've been back it's not like he
has done something wrong I think it's
just the timing that made it all so
suspicious why are you so upset no
reason really I think there is a reason
I also think there's a person adding to
it who might be doing that Brendan that
person that you're on the phone with
what person oh come on don't play dumb I
overheard you talking as well your
family wanted me to check on you so I
went to the kitchen I listened in on
your conversation Wow you know I can sue
you for that hahaha you didn't change
one bit Ally what's that supposed to
mean well you are different but you're
more mature right I said so I guess you
can pick up that I was stopped abruptly
by Brendan him kissing me deeply and
full of need I kept my lips hard and I'm
moving frozen in a state of confusion
I probably became livid and yanked when
Sal fought for Brendan's arms and
slapped him his cheek turning a painful
sunburn like red I leapt out my car
slammed the door shut and ran to my
apartment building
tears burning my eyes
I don't care how Brendan gets home as
long as he doesn't take my car I don't
care my apartments he's a stranger place
after not being here for a month how old
is she how she got her own place you put
stayed in the Caribbean I have no idea
of what to do this hangover frustration
so I decide to run to my bedroom you
don't do that in your own place how
could I miss Marcus this much already in
this pain of a long-distance
relationship you've been with him for
one month you're talking about a
long-distance relationship you've just
landed in your bloody country I don't
want him to feel like I betrayed him
after a day by telling him that another
guy the other guy being my ex boyfriend
kissed me in a car I could only imagine
Mark's his reaction to that I don't want
him to think I'm loose or anything loose
loose like I woke up the next morning
with tons of unread texts and missed
calls I know I'm in the doghouse now you
know I'm rebelling against my family and
Brendan for they were certainly up to no
good yesterday night I heard a ringtone
that one could always distinctly tell
from the off beat maybe got back by sir
mix-a-lot Marcus it was quite the
charmer if you couldn't tell already
what talking about diarrhea it picked up
the phone with a hello and he responded
hello Oh dinner go don't ask you
question I miss you Ally I miss you too
finally some audible words from you I
will shut up are you there no you just
told me shut up or a clever one Butler
that's some sort of joke I'm probably
one of the least clever people I know
hello darkness my old friend
really selling yourself buddy uh yes but
you are saying this to a person who
completely lacks in cleverness you seem
like some sort of wizard right now ha ha
ha ha ha ha pally I can't wait to see
you again could I fly over and visit you
absolutely when how about next week that
would be amazing I'm glad I could
brighten up your life you have no idea
I'll see you in a week I held up the
foam of excitement and happiness until I
realized the one flaw in the plan
Brendan well yeah I hope you're still
enjoying fat bitching give it thumbs up
if you are I'll see you guys tomorrow no
video all right love you guys bye
