hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
to the channel also how sad is it that
we have to wear jumpers inside in August
is August and we have to wear jumpers
inside and sometimes are they eating on
in August that rattles you doesn't it
are freezing Vidya you've got full-on
jump off the jump of your foe what you
see you just wear a jumper no t-shirt
yeah that's not weird
yes that's it I like it it will fit the
same with the teacher position
why well they start doing it I say fit
up them and then now I do it
do you watch that like a t-shirt no so
all of your sweat armpits just dodging
it wearing it low though yeah anyway
welcome to today's video which is going
to be a googling myself let's see I want
to know what people searching about me I
want to know what people think about me
I want to answer any unarmed questions
and just dive into it so let's given
we've done these before obviously but I
feel like you need to update them as
things change and different things
happen different questions are asked
I just say I've seen your comments by
the way about when I have gone in a
video I didn't realize how many of you
joined there was a comment saying that
you will unsubscribe I have gum in my
mouth again I have my 500 thumbs up so
are you going to unsubscribe
please don't reduce them so is Marcus
Butler is my Butler engaged thumbnail
title I've got real my finger no I'm not
engaged not yet no engage yet people is
most Butler in a relationship yes yes I
am in a relationship with Stephanie
Steffi if you didn't know that
where have you been welcome to our
relationship and if Marcus Butler dead
is the is the third most searched thing
where somebody gets those rumors from I
don't know or is somebody hoping for
that why is is Marcus Butler dead all of
all the news articles about my new
girlfriend
what references that got to do anything
why is Marcus Butler famous
many people search for I remember
there's capital did appear to me me
marks part of the youtuber taking the
music industry by storm
was I that was nice when I bought the
single out they gave me a real nice
article about breaking into the top 40
and let's have a little look we are on
famous birthdays so that must mean that
you are famous number three hundred most
popular 370 most popular on famous
birthdays number two on the 70s who's
above me on some of the 80s see
apparently means here but rigid look at
I'm more famous than Brad Pitt
apparently so
I would hate that number fifteen twenty
five-year-old who we got above me take
the same age Taylor Lautner cool Rick
dinner and Charlie puth Neymar Neymar
Louie Tomlinson Joe sugg wonderful era
mom next to Cara Delevingne YouTube
stars
Jake Pugh is number one Jay Paul's
number OS number three most popular
who's number one or number two well
beads and Jacob Sartorius is number one
I mean basing that most be people that
are up there a lot of them unlike kids I
feel like a lot of kids use this site to
find that when that fav songs birthdays
are each other fish stuff yeah it's a
nice one
you yeah I yeah did you did you search
for that no they are you 37 lonely they
emailed you and you want to put their
picture on how many get pictures to job
at your appointment on picture denied
you're the client for the picture
so what with the images a thing of the
sport it frustrates me that images that
are up there like that is a bit better
recently but like come on this is so old
it doesn't even look like me
this looks like me I'll take that yeah I
mean my head's a bit more similar like
it now I love this once there was that
famous males market but that SM forums
doctor at UK great and then and then
you've got this back to back to chubby
Marcus and this picture like what is
what is this picture getting better
though like it is is more recent
pictures up there now which I'm more
happy about than previously a lot of up
there is Marcus Butler ABS that is that
is the second most searched thing in
amateur in amateurs in images Marcus
Butler aged 25 years 90%
didn't even own home birth in 1887 1991
apparently how old a Marcus Butler
sisters oh my sister is on famous
birthdays that was funny
Heidi Butler number 16 thousand seven
hundred and sixty-six 23 years old
younger sister of YouTube phenomenon
Marcus Butler that is so funny family
member born in England number 29 what
who else is on here his mother sister on
here policy if my petitions on here Oh
cash buffer cache about there here we go
older sister 42,000 so highly is a
little more popcorn area here oh so yeah
my sister's a 28 and 23 for those that
are googling now Marcus Barra where is
he from British from the UK I'm born in
a seaside town with Shoreham by sea
which is ten minutes down the road from
Brighton I grew up in Shoreham for about
10 years moved to Brighton or home
actually
haha suits Brighton home and then live
down till I moved to London two years
ago well apparently people do how to
draw Marcus how to draw a monster Papa
is apparently something that's searched
for a lot of old drawings there on there
Wow look at that
there is some good auto care these are
apparently some really nice things
you've been searching what disease does
Marcus Butler have wherever this site is
through an ass call me awhile ago Mars
Butler attacks ignorant and stupid fan
unsubscribe them any other thing a lot
of people tweet me they're like what do
I ask when I go for a haircut like as if
there is a thing that I ask for I don't
ask for something I just tell them what
I want so when I want to disk up as I
yeah you know I want to get rid of all
the blond in my hair now so we cut out
the right length and it's a torrent
shorter on the sides and just long run
so how your hair looks it's completely
like a cut helps I savor it way more
about the styling so you do to style
your hair and I get asked this a lot so
if any of you would like an updated
hairstyle tutorial video or whatever
then let me know and I'll show you what
I do to my hair it's so much easier now
that it is not long and blonde and stuff
so if you want that let me know and I'll
do one of those I love this so on
searching Marcus Butler address I mean I
hope that doesn't cause anything this is
so interesting just Marcus Butler
Hospitaller wife no mas Butler engaged
marks but let every day bro is a search
for thing bugs Butler earnings is a
search for thing I love that every day
bro as a search for thing you know as
nice as that videos I've had a lot of
like production companies and people in
that industry tell me that they really
love the video which is nice and means a
lot people searching for my ring Marcus
but the Rings is there a reason for that
people want to know about rings I wear
lots of different rings I think
approaches but a line on this ring I
wear I've got a skull ring here and this
is a Bulgari ring which I wear there I
changed on fingers and that's an
interesting most but let's try not to
look away oh and then for more markets
when we've done it I thought you meant
like you're watching videos of me and
try not to look away that'd be not very
nice Marcus Butler young let's have a
look at that images oh look at that
mullet of a haircut
look at that bold cut of a haircut look
at those red rosy cheeks of mine and
look at that strange hair
but what is my hair there why why was I
thinking that except how long it is not
my ear never the cute one of me young
there there's none little toys Marcus
Butler University I got accepted into
University I got accepted into
University of the West of England which
was in Bristol by dingo Marx Butler on
MasterChef I was on MasterChef
that's a thing that happened that was
like a year ago there's so weird thing I
was on MasterChef look at me there in an
apron there's me on MasterChef so random
on Family Guy I still I can't believe
how much this is still tweeted now so I
was on an episode of Family Guy
mentioned and this must have been I'd
say year and a half ago they came out
and I still get tweets about it now I
didn't realize how big a big deal that
was because of people sending me things
still now I'm like how is the show that
big must but the podcast we glad people
searching for that is number one on P
phone number great monster by the pond I
must but a playlist monster Butler's
ocean bottom us but the stat Marcus
Butler Daily Mail great Mars product J
pool jumper Joe so job if you wanna know
what my job was before YouTube
you broke my book learning you'll know
that but I was basically a Salesman I
was part of software company as a
salesman driving around country and I
was like not 18:19 him a little car
selling software to state agents and
training people how to use it so that's
what I've done before YouTube while I
was doing it alongside YouTube my spot
like Katy Perry no idea why they
searched and that is an old video most
but like KitKat again that was a branded
video a long time ever why people
searching tired no idea marks by the
Loreal love that logo lyric la mancha
butler zodiac what does that mean that
like you're on Sagittarius and all that
kind of stuff Oh
horoscope of Marcus partner Chinese
astrology I'm a metal goat dominant Moon
Jupiter Pluto Earth by a thick
that is the horoscope of me I would love
someone who knows what I mean to break
that down to me because I have not got a
clue from well this is so detailed what
the hell the dominant planets of Marcus
Butler what okay this is far more
complex now photos you know man goes
into the elements so earth most yin and
yang polarity esoteric decade decanate
your sensitivity you love nature as much
as your comfort market Butler your
faithful stable with your feet rooted in
the ground and you are reliable in all
circumstances I will definitely take
that you're attached to your affective
and maternal secure material security
you may be short-tempered and aggressive
when you feel threatened and definitely
short I'm very impatient in such case
you display an exceptional stubbornness
and fury I don't think I'm that stubborn
does everyone have this that is kind of
cool want to go and read all that I've
got more time then I'm put right now and
on that note of carrying on and reading
into the space and stars and whatnot I'm
going to end that video here so I hope
you have found that the idea this is
that you find something out from me
so from you from these things that
people are searching for you will have
found something out about me just me
telling you something new hopefully you
found something out so if you enjoyed
the video give it a thumbs up and I will
see you guys tomorrow with another one
good bye
