yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo what is going up
today with your beautiful face
I'm back doing another BuzzFeed quiz I
don't know what I'm speaking like this
it's probably because I'm still in
America yo we're finding out today how
weird I am so these increasingly random
questions will reveal if you're weird or
not
pick one sunset of the seat are I'm
going left no pick one cat oil baby I
think the cat looks cuter I don't know
what what I don't know why I'm gonna be
doing I'm just picking one but laptop I
saw it laptop becomes over a notepad for
me all day I'm sorry I don't know I feel
the same but for me I cannot give that
laptop it comes everywhere with me I do
all my work on there I do literally
everything on there look how cool this
screen is my laptop is on oh look at
that huh that's why it lit like if I as
so I mean
I got this screen on my lap at the other
day it's gold can you see that it's
called a privacy screen that's what it's
called so you can only see into it if
you're directly straight on my you guys
are so you can see that's a quiz I'm
doing right now soon as it turns you
lose that and you got you can't see so
if anyone's gonna be nosy
you can't see on my laptop pick one
blueberries or carrots blueberries pick
one roller coaster or tea roller coaster
pick one what what even is that is that
wallpaper I don't know what I hit one
I'm guessing it's wallpaper I'm gonna go
left pick one oh definitely left not
about those right sunglasses pick one is
that like a slab of noodles versus a
broth you're gonna have the broth that's
slap up oh yeah I'll just have a slab or
noodles please dog on the left or dogs
on the left pick one and what or Hoover
Hoover how much easier is who bring them
up getting a mop out getting a flip in
water out again washing on that floor
yeah now pick one snow or that's a
really tough one I love snow in the
forest but rain in the forest man I'm
I'm rain in the forest
pick one a cow having dinner with you or
deer eating drinking your water I'm
going to cow having dinner with you pick
one what are they aren't they're just
mannequins the one on the left looks
better looking let's go with that one
pick one mummy or a vampire vampire this
is getting weirder and what is that
is this a like a mime person or a silver
mine person I'm going silver mine person
because then they kind of match my hair
pick one basketball tennis basketball
all day baby pick one a very haunted
looking house on the right or something
that's definitely been used in the
walking dead on the left
I'm gonna go saying this using the
walking dead on the left pick one mmm
ahh mushroom mushroom
you actually get mushrooms like that
because that's like toad and Mario and I
didn't know you've got a mushroom like
that
or the Venus isn't that a Venus Venus
Venus Fly Venus eating fly
that's cook that is cool isn't it think
about a plan just think about a plant
yeah and I think of it being able to do
that
something lands on it and it goes oh
haha you're dumb you don't know what
you've landed in you think it's a flower
I'm just gonna slowly bat these
increasing random questions we'll reveal
if you're weird or not you got not weird
nope you're not weird nothing to see
here just your ordinary non weird person
I completely agree with the top with the
top persons coin this may be the first
time I've been called not weird in my
life quite surprised I thought I would
get weird but it is basing it off of
random pictures I'm not really sure how
they're judging that would you guys
agree with me that I'm weird I'd say I'm
pretty weird like I definitely do some
weird stuff and put on YouTube I hope
you enjoyed this video if you did smash
that thumbs up button and I'll see your
beautiful face tomorrow with another
video bye
