what is up what is up what is up people
hello I have literally just woke up my
hair is not done this is like complete
bed head so just go with it today I'm
wearing a bit of a colony top I don't
really know I got this from today it's
I'm sorry
I bought this one welcome to an
experimental video here on war markets
we like like to experiment and today
we're doing just that this time with
girls products I've never done this
video but I've seen every youtuber ever
on the pan
earth to do this video and times 50
million times as well so I thought I'd
join in because why not make myself look
a little bit more like a nice woman
today
what a selection of things already sure
what I'm gonna go for oh here you go
we've got facial tissue masks what is
that
pomegranate lovely antioxidant
moisturizing firm M that's just what I
want a firm face one pre moisturized
pomegranate mask oh it's like liquid
what the oh my what is this don't even
smell nice
Oh oh my god as like a proper it's got I
hose this is Li a scary mask I don't
like this felt horrible to touch that
looks like I was about to play freaking
kill someone
I literally look like I'm in a horror
film like what okay what I do this we're
imagining this has been on for 15-20
minutes my face is hard or firm whatever
they said I can't take myself seriously
with this what's this fluffy beard bit
down here do it maybe it's because it
goes properly dry well well do you know
what we could do whilst we wait let's
leave on from it I got some lip gloss
because I was our lip gloss is fun but
have you ever seen rainbow lip gloss no
of course you haven't that most people
have you dream a loss that's not like oh
wait this is disappointing you know this
is disappointing it's quite clear
because it says rainbow lip gloss
because after probably like 10 uses you
first goes ping then orange then yellow
then green then blue I wanted it to be
rainbows on my lips oh that's quite
annoying oh so we've just got bright
pink I've got so many different smells
I'm just going to 61 my shirt 61 which
that's a bit disappointing don't know if
you can actually see why I've just done
I'm gonna remove this now because I look
like I belong in a cartoon film or
something here we go oh my fun face
feels so fabulous right now Oh nothing's
really I mean it tastes nice sixty-one
my shirt don't worry guys we've got
another new new new poor nose clip
cleansing strips this is to see if
you've got a smelly smelly dirty nose
cleaning strips of thing I've done these
before these are quite fun actually
so guessing it's quite self-explanatory
just do that
stick it on your nose oh haha it doesn't
say how long to leave on for well we'll
just see what happens
now everybody's used one of these before
haven't they everyone has used an
eyelash curler oh yes they have I
haven't but everyone else has used one
before yes actually I have used these
ones I
ant and DEC's Saturday night takeaway
the guy who is doing our makeup was like
let's curl your eyelashes I was like huh
yeah let's and he stuck one of these in
my eyes I've never used one myself
though oh oh you don't just put it that
felt horrible
oh my eyelashes in it ah and this eye ah
ha ha okay is it cold am I more cold
am i curling oh that is I do not like
that not fana how do you people do that
it's like quite scary oh yes we have oh
yes we have indeed gone and got some
select lash the choice of professionals
one pair of lashes s 66 6 and black
these honesty look like the most
complicated little things in the world
but you've got glue you got glue like
don't put glue on your eyes very complex
piece of equipment this okay we've got
we've got the glue flowing people I
don't know how much glue you do but
we've got glue floating I'm just going
to overdo the glue because you know what
ladies you don't ever want your eyelash
to fall off do you if you're on a night
out and your glue comes loose what do
you do eh what the hell do I do now
got it got the glue on that how do you
do this like seriously how do you do
this
yes oh my oh my actual God we have got
Marky buck but in the house with an
eyelash on his face I'm not gonna lie it
can't really see outlet all I can see is
a big eyelash on the top of my
eye oh I'll do it we've we've slipped of
then the whole thing's fallin off okay
this is harder than I thought it was
going to be number two
now this is even hard because I can't
tip my right eye I think that's in place
I'm just gonna hold it for a bit
oh my god how do I look I feel like I
look horrendous she's alive she's our
maid I don't like this oh um yeah we're
isla Oh eyelash off eyelash off eyelash
off come on come on stay on my eye this
is so uncomfortable how do you do this
like Jesus okay now this feels quite
tight so now I'm gonna reveal this not
really much on there yes that just means
I'm really clean you know this is very
long and while on my eyes so I'm gonna
end this video your thumbs up if you
enjoyed it maybe I'll do more if you
want me to do more beauty products or
more random things let me know in the
comments and I will see you tomorrow
with enough all right love you guys bye
oh you don't just pull it that felt
horrible ah ah
