so let's see what I went and purchased
from the 99-cent although it says the
nine cents off it's actually chats quite
a lot of because there's quite a
lot of stuff in there that's not
actually 99 cents you'd walk around
that's like this is three dollars this
is four dollars this is $4.99 you can't
do that you can't miss leave me like
that guys first thing is a 22 inch glow
necklace the only glow sticks I haven't
seen I wonder about this big flat phone
so I hope this is but bit more
impressive oh I was I oh just a
cardboard tube how entertaining but then
there's a pack of not just one but two
yes here we go once he's very crack yay
oh did you have you guys ever
accidentally snap please and the stuff
goes absolutely everywhere probably
nothing help I'm Thomas this video and
date daylight so I'm gonna get much glow
yeah one in that one in there this one
joins round pair and there you've got
your 22 hinge glow-in-the-dark necklace
that's really not very necessary but hey
we're rolling with it foam glide
launcher never aim or shoot phone
playing at people or animals they saw it
looks like going a little plane and this
thing with elastic bands uh-huh okay
okay you hook the elastic around there
and let go like
sniffling here that's actually why
did you see that yeah it's quite
disappointing no gonna lie
Oh some party glasses I saw these and
was like yeah I'm up for a birthday now
how cute Theiler glow and fun glow mask
great for parties camping dances theme
parks concerts or any outdoor event oh
my god this is so simple you know that
rubbish those come with again glow
sticks in here I think they cracked
those sticks and this Mart I think you
like feed them behind this mask am i
doing an able to see this guy this mask
and it's got the glow sticks behind it
but that is not valuing the show I can
wear this over the top oh I've just I've
just broken it yeah that's why you don't
buy from 99-cent store
come on okay we're leaving it like that
there we go
what am i doing
extreme parachutes oh it's really hard
to see you guys
that is quite cool look are you ready
what was that was hot speeding the worst
and climax that I've ever seen
this is awful come on man this sucks and
the last thing I got was a glue pen I
don't know what these guys are former
but what the hell is a glue and glue pen
is this literally like a print stick in
the UK I'm like bloop handle Jesus
Christ oh my god I literally can't get
out that's not what she said oh don't
don't buy a glue pen because you have no
luck with that what the boat is just
like a solid piece of glue in there well
there we go that rounds hot my 95 cents
if you enjoyed it be sure to give the
video a big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video bye
