people from more Marcus how's it going I
don't know how much you can see me but
we're in LA and I'm gonna stop it in
this voice basically it's a light back
on for a sec the deal is we're in LA
working have a lot fun in this house
there is this really creepy I showed him
the vlog if you watch the other day
there's a very creepy door opens up from
the ground haven't been in that being
too scared to go in there all of you
guys wanted me to go in there so tonight
I'm dressed as a night fighter with my
torch to go and explore this haunted
underground cellar I think it is we're
going to get to creep mode I'm going to
turn the lights off this is why are we
doing this that's follow me live you
ready for own is the seller quite scared
this is going to be that one of those
things you know where I in scary films
the teenagers like her this will be
funny to do and then we get murdered all
that creaking noise
dude that looks fucking terrified oh my
god okay okay you ready shit Oh God
I don't know I'm going back before my
name that's bunch of scientists graphic
do that o.o night this oh fucking hell
it's a plastic bag was not expecting
that oh my god Oh far fucking out they
do that please no fuck off some paint
that's quite pretty good especially as
we're going to watch a horror film like
Intel you a pint or horror film straight
off this as well so oh no I can't see
anything ok let's get it up oh oh my god
that's like the foundation oh it's the
foundations of the house all the
pipework I think I until you don't want
to do you guys this is creepy
far as a wolf what the fuck how come no
there's a window why is there a window
there he's either p.m. zooming in
seriously why is there a window or
something like pops ok it's started like
clean down man fuck that's scary it's
definitely where you'd find bones isn't
it definitely a body burning by all
things if I seriously quite creepy isn't
it literally such a day Oh God laws bugs
oh don't like that Arkansas hanging web
yeah probably pretty big spiders down
there oh god why so bitchy and shut up
just leave it sunny day but you can
easily that's like if we just leave it
oh oh my god I'm all oh god oh god you
just put my hand in that oh why is it so
quiet baby stop so just listen per se
seriously please let's not moving this
up
why don't I hate it I hate we gotta make
I imagine just like picture someone
coming down those stairs oh and we're
stuck in it oh I feel like we are
characters in a horror film I do oh yeah
let's go down to be it'd be cool to do
yeah we're doing so selves okay what the
fuck what this paints got a wide going
into it oh no it's the bucket the bucket
look I thought what's that oh she's so
big down here this is weird I've never
seen the foundations of a house before
all right you know it's weird if someone
wanted to they could come down that
cellar in the night crawl under here and
then come up through the floorboards
shut the fuck this stop seriously
there's no lock on this tour Oh blow
that creep that fucking bed sheets to
confit Oh what the fuck my jeans shrewd
a pop hahaha and I said this guy's go go
go go go go go go oh that is creepy but
imagine someone jumping around porn shop
i feel like tonight we've been on a
journey together guys i'm now terrified
we're in this big Airbnb house and we're
now going to watch a scary film so wish
me luck but hope you guys enjoyed this
creepy video give a thumbs up if you did
and I will see you tomorrow with another
PT
ah
