good afternoon people of the internet
hello it is Allah that's a slowing no
it's our second-to-last day here in LA
so today what we're doing is we're gonna
head down to Venice cuz we ain't not
been down to Venice so we're gonna see
what Venice is about and just having a
bit of a chill day really I guess later
on I'm gonna be exploring that cellar so
that's gonna be scary also I was MoveOn
Joey Graceffa last night filming with
him I've took a take it took him took
him take some advice of him here's all I
have enjoy your hair I was like every
day and he's like every day I was like
yeah he's like dude your colors gonna go
like that if you wash your hair every
day I've got purple shampoo but he's
still like it's gonna go everyday if you
wash your hair so I was like what do I
do and he's like yeah I wish my head
like twice a month I was like twice a
month twice a month
how can your hair deal with that like
does it not get greasy and smelly and
blow up so today I didn't wash my hair
and I used like some other stuff and we
I can't like it gives it gives it more
texture gives it a bit more layering so
on the way to Venice today in LA his
pride day we were going to go but with
everything that happened yesterday in
Florida everyone's a bit cautious and
trying to be safe them
obviously it's something to try to get
happen but you'll still I'm still trying
to show you some light because we're
driving kind of through it so you might
see some like little parade bits or
people wearing colorful bows and stuff
and yeah I went three years ago it was
really good fun actually we're just
gonna head down to Venice and see what
Venice is like but that the Sun is
coming out a little bit which is nice
because we haven't had something for a
couple days these things in my favorite
hands
these planes Breitling's yay
the ocean we have made it down to Venice
an area I've not been before this is
like cost the normal benefit I never
liked skatepark is never damn good she's
really nice like we should have got
bikes and slow from here or roll can you
rollerblade roll event on skate it's got
boosted board that's amazing but yeah
this is Venice look how beautiful is the
beach this is a moment vice-versa that's
ready now everyone because the tables
like that
so being British you have to get as much
of your body in some as possible so he
knows rays I must say I do love that hat
I love it I love it
I don't know what we're doing but we're
heading to the spontaneous Creek game
why not I've never done this before
or is it just going to be someone like
there are my gel but this is visualizing
the frito head
yeah she has the ability to withstand
high amounts of electricity which is
absolutely electric light northern
switch you can see the slides up and if
you look near the bottom you will see
range of electricity jumping from the
chair to the like thoughts on the freak
freak freak show unique I guess it was
amazing yeah talented the other knows
just I don't know I felt I only filmed a
little bit but a guy's followed swords
and literally hooked through his nose I
don't know we're three years to do three
years
hey we're by the skate park now which is
why I said it's cool to come 28 so we're
gonna go to skate park and see some
peeps throwing down some killer moves
yeah
why cause they're for dance and all the
little British boys going for a walk to
the sea really wants to stick his feet
and see told no sharks any of these yeah
any well I'm just this is so freaking
cool he's gone out bored all day love
this guy just on the call
hi sigh random Gardner caught filming
now come down to the workout bits and we
which is gone head yo where the real
homies trade where you get to real
pompom but that probably is a very
heavier than okay I think I reckon you
it ya reckon you'd wipe the floor below
low so having a quick little stop off at
Cafe Gratitude capriati's like a super
healthy place it does amazing food it
was amazing like snacky foods so we're
gonna run it wraps amazing snacky foods
I just got a kombucha is great for this
little mini selection what do we get
here I didn't actually look at them but
she surprised us but I'm yeah they're
like good ingredients stuff so I'm gonna
put them in the fridge when we get home
and right now I think what am i T which
is just like oats and some chocolate and
stuff you listen America grow up use the
condom wonder if Kearney would do that
how to put the flags and garnish
yeah we're back home and just chillin
I'm actually reading through comments on
the vlog on the first book actually so
yeah here's a little time for for you
the time that you're watching this vlog
I'm vlogging the day that the first vlog
in LA went up if that makes any sense
shoot so I'm just reading for the
comment I find it hilarious like I love
reading comments especially on blogs
because people become so like you got I
say people it's you guys it's like you
become so involved in your life like
vlogging it's such a personal thing and
you guys get so like into like no not
guessing things just like speculating on
everything you do I love it it's like
fascinating agree and funny but yeah
we're just chilling we've got one good
thing that we've got hopefully today I
got this beer called
IP a fresh IPA I play in beers like
Indian pair now and don't I'm not
professional beer drinker enough to be
religious yeah I'm not a biologist to be
able to go oh IPAs actually mean you
know that slightly stronger hops of
wheat combined with that I haven't got a
clue but I realized I liked it a lot IPA
so if that's any any fun information
futile then there you go
me over just have a children with some
beer
