yo buddy Oh buddy Oh yo yo what's going
on guys we are here in the streets of LA
literally the streets I don't know what
Street we're on but we're in a street on
the way to the old famous in an out
burger so I thought for today's video we
would try some in-n-out burger don't
really know what to expect from in and
out I think I've been once before with
Tyler Oakley about four years ago I
think I'm not 100% sure on that so we're
gonna get our God the thing I'll miss
the turn in yeah we're gonna go where
that buses we made it through that tough
intersection right there are you sighs
friend now yeah I'm actually really
excited heard good things
yeah but we don't really not - dude I've
heard I've heard bits and bobs about you
know an animal menu and whatnot um asked
for animal version or something what's
here's a secret menu or something
seriously yeah so I don't we're gonna go
for the driver and I'm just gonna say
look I'm British never had in an hour
sort brother out tell me what to do
until they say hopefully they're nights
hopefully not just like oh my god it's
another bloody tourist key just piss off
oh god this guy she's gonna ask us what
we want
ah I'm gonna panic I'm really gonna
panic ordering as easy as double double
double meat double cheese cheeseburger
hamburger french fries shakes
hi I'm good thanks how are you thank you
um I've never had in and out before Oh
first time what should I do
there's a secret though we have animals
time yeah I've heard animals yeah okay I
got it right animal style okay so
usually the burgers have spread sauce
yeah
lettuce tomato and onion if you'd like
okay animal style would mean grilled
onion add pickle to the burger
extra spread sauce and a mustard fried
pad okay so how does a double-double
male animal style sound okay I'm gonna
go for that now and we also have animal
style for the fries yep let regular
fries in half let's do animal fries from
fries fries the melted cheese on top
spread sauce and grilled onions perfect
well seven okay thank you
animal style all over baby but a safari
thank you thank you we got that in and
out baby
no most the windows open that guy heard
that you know what I liked about in and
out right
you know like usually in Burger King in
England or like something like that you
like ya can't some ketchup they're like
yeah you get one free and then it's ten
pH chart and you're like oh off hey
just like anything
yeah it's a big ketchup literally I've
got I'd think of I have so much ketchup
for one person
well done in and out oh my god this
burger are you ready oh holy balls
what am I gonna do that seriously what
am I gonna do that
Jesus Christ okay just so that is an
in-and-out burger double-double animal
style baby
really don't taste like taste from
McDonald's burger but really good he's
all stressed out from McDonald's burger
dress I was talking now for no no that
hates that really noise you guys I would
rate that an 8 out of 10 as a fast-food
burger bring on the animal fries first
nice thing in there for some fries this
is animal fries apparently it's like
cheese and onion and and I don't really
know what else there's the animal fries
a bit a bit cold don't really rate their
chips at all
McDonald's has a lot better chips
haven't really got any of the animal
stuff though
ah there we go PFT the animals are
really good on the prize sorry for
talking with my mouth full it's a bit
like I'm wearing eyeliner I honestly
don't think the price that the animal
stuff style makes it good for the fries
alone I'm quite unimpressed by them to
be completely honest there we go I have
officially tried in an hour animal style
burger really really good like I rate
that as a fast-food burger I'm just I
don't know the chips are a bit cold I
don't know if that has anything of it
but there wasn't any like salt on there
like but hey that's one things I've done
in LA I've wanted to do and now I've
done it so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to give
a big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video good bye
