how's it going everyone over in LA I'm
here dudes from work in LA and I'm in
hot tub and I was like why not fill my
hot tub Q&A well the first comment is
get out okay see you later guys
what's your favorite ice Lily that's
quite a haul um off the bat twister
which was used to lick the light yeah
they got ice cream around it yeah will
you ever come to Manila I would love to
come to minute so if I keep like moving
about it's cuz I'm slipping back I would
love to come to Manila one day when that
day is I do not know Manila in the
Philippines I hear you who is your
favorite superhero favorite superhero I
think Batman
I think Batman's such a like just all
round the edge I don't think anyone
could beat Batman did you enjoy the side
movement
I loved the sideburn match playing in it
was intense like playing a full
90-minute football game is quite intense
but the only reason I didn't enjoy it is
because of my injury my groin injury you
guys know I hurt my groin getting on a
boat it was a little bit injured before
the game but I was fine I played through
anyway
and now I've torn my god I have legit
got a tear in my groin yeah that's not
great but the aim is great and it's all
for a great cause and hopefully they'll
do those more in the future and I'll
score those more goals it's the hot tub
what honestly I was like yeah this looks
really good to get in you got to
remember the weather in LA I mean you
can see it Sonny
it's what time is it Oh five o'clock
it's on I'm quite hot yeah what 103
Fahrenheit I don't know what that means
in those years
that's good except answers what
temperature is the hot sauce oh one two
and one double whammy baby will you do a
house tour there will be a house tour
you may have already seen it by now
you may have not are you getting into
tattoos ooh it says what oh this is such
a hogwash answer so you guys are follow
me on Twitter will know that I have
tweeted a lot about tattoo and how much
I want one and I'm gonna get on
mastermind la that is very much what I
want to do however I'm not a hundred
percent on what I want
I know what I want to base it around and
I don't want to share over yet because
it's like I'd wait till I get it to then
share it and it's quite personal so it's
based on that but I haven't come up with
like a proper design and such so there's
a government had tattoo artists in LA
I've mesh to me say hey you want to like
get together and we can chat that and
see what we come up with which I might
do that because that might give me some
better ideas but I really want one just
don't know if it's gonna happen right
right now in LA so don't wanna rush it
you shouldn't rush tattoo do you see
yourself ever doing a third rap video oh
now doesn't that lead on nicely but yes
sure answer what
I'm not going to sharing with you but
could potentially be working on
something for the future
where is the most exotic place you would
like to visit I don't know if this
counts as exotic but is Hawaii exotic
yeah I don't realize how sweaty I think
I'm becoming I'm getting very hot and
it's my head's itching because you know
and you're like hot and itchy and I
can't touch my hair because I can't get
chlorine on my hair little gummy bears
you're very hot chocolate a favorite
thing about summer my favorite thing
about summer is gonna lead on it
essentially the Sun obvious but the
reason is because the Sun makes everyone
so happy and then seeing everyone else
like happy and hanging out with friends
and have bodies that then makes me happy
so I don't know it just puts everyone in
a good mood I feel do you like cheese
boards I'm not a cheese lover myself
personally so no you will never find me
in a restaurant ordering the cheese
would you rather be trapped in a mansion
for a psychopath or in a fun house full
of killer clowns the wait why I mean I'm
gonna die either way right I think
that's a suit yeah you're gonna die I
think I'd rather die from from clowns
because
a slight path you can tell there's like
like that's a scary seeing us like I've
trying to kill you I would imagine
clowns it would be like there's a clown
whoops got a knife in the neck I'm very
hot now guys how do you like High School
Musical Joe I've never seen it never
seen I know the song watch it die yeah
we saw in how many times do you dab in a
day
honestly I reckon five I think you've
already dug today for favorite day of
the week
Markus Monday we know probably Friday
because everyone again is in that like
Friday feeling it's that we can but
actually no you know what Saturday is
because it's like you have your whole
weekend you have your day of fun and
then at the end of that you're like yes
I've still got some day as well
unless you work on something which I
usually do you rather get a sharp pain
in your side each time someone says your
name or have a bell sound each time you
are aroused definitely the bowel imagine
every time someone says your name right
say my name or is just like a cheeky
ding so what's up oh yeah oh that would
be quite awkward though like if you're
on a date with someone and you're like
well they're really hot I notice that
they're like ding ding ding ding ding
see the sweat building on my face
literally if you could change your name
what would it be not Justin Bieber you
know our CEO really not a name P I
really like an empathy Oh
I always said I've named my kids vo fYI
there's another question on today yeah
who would you like to be cast as you in
a movie of your life you know what in
terms of like similes a bit older but
like similar age although it looks
nothing like me but I think he's an
incredible actor miles teller I think
he's an unbelievable actor I'd say I
like Zac Efron because
have fun school so I think that's why I
tell myself every day now I'm joking my
phone's wet from your sweat 4head yeah
yeah full-on yeah this is a workout I
look so hot
give me some water
good idea here's a tip don't ever think
oh yeah you know what degrees Celsius I
know let's get a hot tub also I've just
realized how weird my arm look Sam I'm
sorry
you guys no elbows favorite cheat meal
burger and chips favourite emails like
proper burger and chips I rarely go for
it but when I do go for it I'm so hot
I'm literally dripping thumbs up for how
I am and I received another video I love
you guys bye
