hello beautiful sexy people happy Monday
the start of the week I'm tired
for is Monday I hope you've had a good
month later part today we are going to
be looking at some awkward embarrassing
celebrity things encounters just a whole
variety of different things if this is
the first time you're watching this
channel hi hello my name's Marcus
welcome and you can subscribe by
clicking the button just there post
videos every single day
okay also it might as well get the
podcast shout out you guys know I do
positive Matt say hi Matt there it could
lower your expectations we release a new
episode every Monday a new one came out
today is free all you do is click the
link down there go have a listen
subscribe and yeah that's not what you
think I think this might end up being a
try not to cringe if it's awkward things
well you were like the carrot top of
interviewers yeah no one's a good thing
as I'm doing right now no don't cry no
cry after the interviews over because
otherwise almost like it was responsible
for okay so you I well I don't want to
know that though that's right so you
know now I said your name at the camera
what else do you want for me
at Magic Jake oh I think I'm good hey
you look I said your name camera more
what what else do you want what do you
mean on your on your look who's getting
dressed you you choose your own lives oh
oh yes yeah I digest my phone call
number 10 is oh I'm oh sorry didn't come
with us oh yeah yeah yeah yeah but beeps
that annoyed at song again who dresses
you he just gets up and goes mean for
peebs but if someone goes to me who
dresses you I think I'd probably just go
yeah me I'll beeps I'm attacking come
with us yeah yeah walking away that I
caused that I was late here and then
shut the fuck up while you're in Snoop
Dogg losses I was late because I went to
go get some chicken wings
that's why was five hours late though
unless you have a legitimate fuse that
pretty twisty isn't it no he's like just
wanted some chicken wings I'm stressed
out
and I mean shit all day because every
fucking reporter comes in here and I say
what it's right to be fucking
unattractive and I want to fucking sit
here and fucking kill you right now I
really my dream right now is to get out
this chair is fucking knock the teeth
out of your head okay well I'm not talk
to you no fuck you sure that's not real
is that real Jonah Hill freaking out
like that I think it's a sketch that's
got a biscuit
I can't imagine Jonah Hill being like
that I mean that was clearly too super
bad do you know a soup that came out 10
years ago like yesterday or the day
before I blew my mind is one of my
favorite film what's also a little bit
sad that is for some of the younger
people you may watch this channel you
might not have ever seen the film and
those people follow me I tweeted about
this like a few months ago saying it was
my one eye photo film those who were
just like what's that member I was like
no suit buddy's like chronic if you
haven't watched that go watch it
side note Jonah Hill I've also watched
his audition tape for it it's really
funny in a trailer it's just finally
just gotta watch it he killed her
haha
what kind of
you're not
youth was it slightly overweight man
who's on stage beating everyone up who's
jumping on the stage what is going on
start started shit what the fuck is that
oh why is the track off from the bench
cut Rihanna all I do is when we just go
in a random rock'n'roll floor all right
the no rehearsal this shit I apologize
for everybody I want streaming live on
love life and jay-z's like license time
she sounds like she got an ad to problem
no enjoy more life here I love ground by
the way I'm not dissing real at all
she's a legend
they just cleaned ponch to go and I'm
just tired complaining ha ha what what I
like that happens do you get when we get
in trouble for that what's up Jerry is a
good distance you look good man
that's no Chris that's fine
this is still being mine he's talking to
you listen guys listen we're listening I
mean yes things like that I just feel
sorry of him right he's been involved in
that limelight in 13 and they're just
dicks on me like the Pats the way they
just harass people have no privacy
sometimes when celebs some stuff kick
off as I'm I'm just like fair enough
you kind of deserve France got my man
through the drink yes what's going on yo
Mary penis picture what are you thoughts
on it I want to meet her and understand
why what happened that's cool though
like I feel 100% that to me is like
absolutely real oh I don't know if you
can see it but just girl tattoo drape on
her forehead oh the guy who ratted is on
em no matter although I will tell you
that I don't fuck with that guy fuck you
to that tat artist by the way cuz your
asshole for real and you should look job
you should never do tattoos again I
don't fuck with you and I fibrous lee
i'ma fuck you up but real shit no I
really like I'm gonna try to get
aggressive you know what was he so
annoying I know ya know straight up
straight up now is love I mean it's
crazy it's surreal I don't even want to
look at it back to this bitch that had a
lot to say about me the other day in the
press
oh this industry we all do interviews
can I just say imagination RMIT started
having a fight Nicki Minaj would eat
Miley Cyrus wouldn't she she just seemed
out of her bomb-making congratulations
and just because the VMAs have already
started doesn't mean that the boning is
done maybe it was the pressure of the
press perhaps it was the jetlag whatever
it took just one reporter and a simple
greeting welcome to Bangkok the pop star
to lose that Icelandic cool
what the fuck the british-born
journalist was more stunned than injured
the earth was led away not however
having calmed down
I'm not sure who that woman was I was
I'd say fair enough ended like she had a
baby with her so imagine all of that and
then you have a kid who who laps as well
but I mean don't keep the shoutout
someone like that when I first came to
touch variables okay the whole culture
is a virus don't forget all right hold
that over there don't wanna wait a mo
hi
they're getting better when I was going
through these people's minds and saying
that happened they just do like stop
beating up their fans and they just like
what's good I mean gone I've never been
in that situation when thorns you're
trying to show and you know you work so
hard on this and then someone's trying
to interrupt it or annoy it but what's
up on that visit Pittman runs that
triathlon what did you take your
pictures up on your paper machine crash
the car don't do this you're crazy
my she's not crazy this human being
Godse right and we are going to end this
video here today I've got to go perhaps
in less than right now so I would maybe
be a little bit longer but if you did
enjoy it there's plenty more of those to
watch for any a little way through that
video so yeah if you want to see more
video thumbs up let me know in the
comment section and we can do part two
or the main all right Dave or Jen I'll
see you guys tomorrow another video ke
