hello everybody how's it going I'm in LA
yeah get may I've always thought I said
okay I'm in LA for like well actually in
this side the world poor there is is it
really yes so I don't know I'm doing in
terms like David brilliant stuff but I
bought my camera I'm like look you know
what sometimes on my vlog someday it
might be everyday it might be a few days
in one like I'm just going to take it
with me and see what happens
we got here last night kind of late also
tell me if you think it is really keen
guys so me and Matt there's Matt by the
way trying to say hi hi mate we have we
play fifa a lot so this is a work trip
is our work fun trips as like working we
bought my playstation with me so we can
continue our FIFA tournament that's
quite sad isn't it last night I think we
played six games no you okay yeah she I
was because I didn't want to play him at
so come on one more woman I'm not oh I
just wanted to bad that is true yeah
because we ended up going to bed about
12 and managed to sleep front I woke up
at 7 so that's pretty good for your
first day in LA we need to like go and
do food shopping and blah blah so we're
gonna go and grab breakfast first do a
food shop and it also got lunch with a
friend called Brent as well he's already
realized he's made a mistake he just so
in LA one thing I remember in June mr.
Singhal June gloom which means I don't
know hey mister if the light pollution
and stuff which every the whole of June
sort of up until midday one two o'clock
it's not very sunny so it's very cloudy
and gray and looks a bit like England
that she and I looked at the Weber and
it's gonna clear up later but right now
it's not so I'm just wearing jeans and
then Matt was in shorts and here's like
there's 30 miles like you know very
English map
no you shouldn't that you've really
shouldn't larry is looking a lot less
English okay yeah look at this though
I'll give you guys a tour later but you
walk straight in the door there's a
lovely little sofa bed that is what I
mean by June gloom you look up and
you're like oh cool la great weather
like imagine if we didn't know about
June good so I told Matt Matt's no mean
to LA I didn't believe he didn't believe
me
imagine if we came right yes Sun every
day and then we're like oh hello it's
cool yeah well I hope it will get sunny
for your sake yeah because I'm gonna get
attacked this is the whip by the way
look at that whip it's really annoying
in America well first of all with
parking on the road you got to be really
careful because they always do a street
cleaning and stuff so you've got to make
sure that you can park where you've
parked yeah it's really known as well
when we went to pick the car up I pre
booked it and because you're under 25
which makes no sense man that you can't
really get like
any card that's the only color you can
get basic that's the biggest that's the
videostar you can get unless you're over
25 but I don't get it it's like in
American from the Nerds drive at 16 gone
why they funny with us with me from
overdrive food has come saying called
protein scramble eggs chicken broccoli
asparagus also gone almond pancake on
the side which I've had these here
before it's amazing so it's not even
sunny in LA but because we both got a
Sunglass on and when LA we're like let's
just do it because we're in LA right
well he was so keen with our new
sunglasses in LA when the weather's like
that you guys know why we're going here
it's like my favorite place in the world
especially one in LA
it is the place we're gonna do food shop
although we're not really doing a
massive feature it's just more like
snacks and drinks and little bits like
that if I like keep hobbling when I want
this because I am walking I
this is this is how I'm actually walking
what order water and I only take showers
if it's Fiji water
see what we got so far I've chosen some
beers match chosen some beers got
blueberries got cashews bananas apples
avocado guacamole healthy so far always
found something he likes to coconut
water is my favorite it comes with our
mind and your strength all my ghosts
were my fresh
I drink Okinawa it's great for hangovers
great drink it straight away cheers here
Oh
factory arms that really struggled to
lift his suitcase yesterday and he
always talked about having Strom's but
he definitely doesn't always really
having a bad time man
so beef jerky is like a pop that main
special amount
look at this salmon jerky I'm not even
doing it I'm standing as far
smell the pitcher's mound smelly fish a
lot more fill up now we've got loads of
ice I've gone all out look how cool this
is I saw this cold brew coffee I was
like obviously I love coffee as I have
to try that I've got four kombucha as
you guys know I love my kombucha and
then we got loads of like snacking Chris
got those a protein down there eggs
load stuff till 8:00 at Raleigh boy Matt
the trolley boy Matt the trolley boy the
trolley boy the phone plugs into here
and we got speakers all pretty picture
okay that definitely scares me but is
this like a bomb shelter oh my god
Oh oh my god everything going on now
after a few drinks what did I say
look guys literally it's war times now
it's 11 o'clock and we have got some
baby that is what you want for your car
isn't it but you just all go in places
if you're cause like that it's for you
join Casper it's for you so I asked for
an iced americano you know just a
standard it's like a basic line of
coffee and I only had a coffee a couple
hours ago so doesn't even really fit the
glass
I really cannot complain right now guys
I'm lying on some bed and we're I mean
we're both lying on some bed not on a
Sun bed we're on separate some beds
that's over here working outside in the
Sun but life's pretty amazing right now
there we go Oh
Oh
it's very cool
so we're we're going to sit them on
tonight to see what we can see cup star
pop star we're gonna get food as well
but before there's like this viewpoint
that I remember in LA that was really
close to where we're staying so I said
I'd Drive and try and find it which
we're doing now and we're literally in
locked in place with Laurel Canyon going
through like the most narrow little road
you're like don't even know is going I'm
a bit on edge
there's a little on edge but like you
can see each rows like this and if you
bump into another car I'm driving very
slow obviously it's a bit like oh but
hopefully we'll get this viewpoint that
I can remember I look down there that's
just yeah cool cliff okay cool all right
we're here I'm just getting out the car
first blood since it's like a little
secret right come on Matt how crazy so
when I lost was here this was I don't
know this view is just crazy watching
Matt takes it I've never seen Matt take
a selfie he gets nervous to take
yourself on the view then views from the
6 speechless thank you point five no I
mean I couldn't predict this bit chilly
when you are pie a little bit on the old
nibs
look at that view beauty that pole right
there love it
so we're in the grove and didn't realize
how cold and they just suddenly brought
we're like yeah we left was like yeah we
don't need we don't need jumper Stevie
yes we bloody do is really good like
really good value $11 worth it mmm
back in bed this bed is like the
comfiest bed in the world film was okay
Wincy pop star The Lonely Island film
one I super I fell asleep in app that
says the last two films before not even
seen long which I never do but it was
good like it's really really cool
they've done a film but I was a little
bit disappointed didn't point it that
funny but it was still fun to me she's
get back tree but now who's your giant
and I want to go to bed so I will see ya
tomorrow with another video peace out
