hello not really sure what I'm doing
today but I am a fan of Justin Bieber
have been for a very long time but I
wanted to kind of look at the evolution
of just me because he's been around for
a long time right since he was 13 in
this industry and he's probably changed
quite a lot so I want to look at like
him transforming over periods of time
and also maybe like go through some of
his music over periods of time don't
really know what happened yet just go
with it okay I've managed to find on the
internet a definitive timeline of Justin
Bieber's hair so that's kind of
something to work with the definitive
timeline of Justin Bieber's hair
evolution this was 2009 so how old's
that 2009 is like seven years ago has he
only been around seven years are young
Justin me was slowly rising to fame and
his hair was a subject of everyone's
attention 51 million views I remember
saying that
look how thick his clothes but he can
actually say it's not like I remember
when he got big loads of people like oh
he can't even sing that he can he's very
talented
drawing Justin get into it I swear you
used to have like a shaved head as well
like house now because the guitars like
bigger than him bless them so I mean he
could play guitar you could play drums
what a legend
let's go on his channel date added
oldest so this is technically his oldest
video on his channel oh my god like a
little suit ah
so by me how this is January 2007
what a tune I still love this song
that's the first video geez yeah this is
how I'm looking shades it is man I guess
that's an evolution of Justin Bieber see
that his name is so yeah that goes so
that was before that because the videos
mm-hmm Justin in the studio but I would
say well I mean that's you oh my god
what the hell when I make it gamma huh
well no no I was getting annoyed there's
a hair flip hair this really I could go
on this video for ages actually because
I'm a bit of a Stan so I might I want to
kinda like go watch his films now
tribute to MJ on the right this is just
me Rhea
change this is going to become a series
guys because I've just decided that we
need to look at this no I can't we'll be
in one video
haha then I remember seeing this video I
think it's in his first films I've
definitely seen that oh my god I used to
watch cuz you know what I'm not gonna
lie when Justin first got big like this
time that was my I was like a 16 I was
like 17 or something and I used to think
it was really cool to like hate on him
so I'd be like even I secretly really
actually thought is really hot Andrea
it's me I'd still be like oh no Justin's
not cool mate no no one likes Justin
Bieber but secretly watch all the videos
and then I just like two years later
when I grew up with I was like I don't
care if I like Justin Bieber because he
is cool yeah this is what I remember
look at him the hair in the eye that
used to be his thing you should just do
this constantly
huh oh my god six years ago with Taylor
Swift I'm intrigued to see this oh look
at that
what guy what guy dedication right there
oh he was a little legend wasn't it it
was a hairstyle that hadn't been seen
since the 60s but this young boy had
given in a new style of life and with
his hacking as a sort of propeller he
flew to stardom
let's cap I'm like I don't like I really
I was like yeah I get his hair now I'm
just like I want to watch his whole
videos
Justin Bieber best coat I used to love
Cobra Starship
the EMI on the job that's quite cool
you just came out to pay drums then left
ah
eenie meenie behind the scenes this was
a a tune miny moe catch just lecture
about her toe if she if if she holla let
her go she's indecisive she kept this ad
she comes out looking from left to right
and played by the same food dude you're
like 14 here and you're like yeah we get
played but because like 19 is a for me
eau de Xiang hanging some cell mate
music he's so much bigger than him let
me show you on the scenes of baby
how about go on to baby yeah let's
finish on baby oh this song was massive
but also a bit annoying like is I
remember being quite annoyed by it but
when he does his life but when I'm alive
doesn't he he still does it but does
like his complete remix of it that
doesn't even seem like that longer how
was baby only six years ago he's done so
much since then Dre what
there's very true words from great yeah
all that I'm gonna wrap this video up of
the finishing baby and I in my head I
thought ice like this video I'd like go
quickly through his hairstyles and Bo
look at but I just loved going for his
own video so I might make the sense of
series if you guys enjoyed it because
obviously there's so much more that he's
done to get him up to where he is so
yeah if you enjoy it and want me to
continue this series give a thumbs up
and let me know
oh wait does here's my move another
video alright bye
