Oh fest is back on we're in fan picture
mode what happened last time
bassy Courtney the teacher women just
absolutely got rattled that they were
seeing each other
seem to know everything and gave them a
load of and now they're not allowed
to do that anymore
this week sucked missed the comfort
Marcus I missed his voice I missed his
eyes his smile his mind ideas trains I
missed everything about him he was so
much more to me than just a guy he was
the guy he was my guy and I love him oh
my days she needs to not get attached so
quickly other than Marcus being out of
my life nothing big happened I talked to
patients dr. Lewis Lindsay the
receptionist I isolated myself from
everything honestly I hated this I'm
leaving London in less than a week since
there's only a few days left here doctor
it does jump around quite a lot but I've
got a week that's a few days decided to
have a conversation with me Allie you're
one of the greatest interns I've ever
had the pleasure of meeting but I've
noticed that you've been a bit more
distant maybe I stayed silent is it
about a relationship she asked of a
certain patient me
these people should be fortune tellers
they're in the wrong line of work here I
knot it again slowly maybe one that left
recently what guess who at that point I
looked directly into her eyes I take
your worrisome look as a yes she said so
how long have you and Marx been seeing
each other well we moreso saw each other
we weren't going out anymore
why not Allie can I tell you something I
met my husband while I was in your
position he was a patient I was a doctor
soon enough
we were secretly dating casually but he
still had to be a secret for obvious
reasons
eventually we didn't want to hide it
anymore he stopped therapy sessions and
we continued on with our relationship
publicly I know I in the public eye
she's not a celebrity he was no longer
my patient and nobody truly cared about
who I was in a relationship with it was
my life no one questioned you only the
people who disliked me she replied she
got haters thank you at least some
advice that seems cheesy but it's one of
the truest things I found out you can't
help who you fall in love with and that
will remain true until the very end of
time
so what are you saying there must be
some point to this lesson Oh course
there is she's saying go and bang Marcus
and it's fine I'm not saying anything
specific except for the fact that you
and Marcus would be a good pair
I could see it since the beginning the
look between you two it was adorable
usually people never get to witness true
love at first sight
so I think that you shouldn't end it not
yet thank you dr. Lewis Amy call me Amy
don't forget about why I said I know but
but what it's too late honey
it's never no I'm afraid it is I was
playing with Marx's heart I caused him
enough pain think he cause you more pain
in the car crash if that's how you feel
that's how you feel I can't change that
so when is your flight proper deep and
then leaves you not like a break is like
I can't change that so when is your
flight have a nice flight thanks again
for everything drew came to my hotel to
keep me company
and how before I leave in the morning so
you excited to go back to America yeah I
guess I think I'll kind of miss it here
though yeah because you're abandoning me
oh don't say that true you'll make me
cry I cry before I came actually I can't
comprehend that you're actually leaving
me no way I cried on the train right
here whoa bro we have so much in common
we actually might be related
I really will miss you drew okay okay
don't get all sappy on me here oh but I
can't help it
hey stop it now and then I hugged him he
hugs me back squeeze me tight for moment
and then we released each other I'm
going to miss my friends here dr. Lewis
and Lindsay everything and one other
thing my companion my love my dream
Marcus well this is it it's the end I
was waiting and what better thing to do
when waiting in an airport you guessed
it people watch one last look before I
boarded a pair of big beautiful eyes
looked at me could it be him as I stood
there shocked recognition overcame me as
he rushed over to me without a word
embracing me in a big bed like hope he
must be get on this plane because you
can't get to a plane boarding unless
you're getting all of that yeah oh I
don't want you to leave
dr. Lewis called me she told me what you
guys talked about and quite frankly I
think that could be us all people
boarding flight C six flying directly
from London to Boston please board now
thank you
mark has looked at me with pleading eyes
I Lou please I'm begging of you of me to
what Marcus stay here I want to but I
can't
no I meant be with me I stared straight
into his eyes and leap even close it
into Marcus his arms and kissed him with
passion and lust while I was wrapping
around his neck go and text me when you
arrive in Boston I need to know if my
girlfriend made it home safely
that's so cringe I smiled brightly at
him kissing him one last time before I
left and went on my plane staring out on
my window at the airport looking at the
tool bill figure in the building waving
knowing that was for me I'm sorry one
he's not there because he hasn't he's
not flying anymore - as if you're gonna
be you're gonna be on a window seat
anyway three as if you happen to be on a
window facing the right direction you're
gonna be anywhere near the window that
he's standing at
brilliant
right homeless long so I read and slept
though it was hard not to focus on marks
in our relationship I came in to the
airport with my bags noticing my family
within an instant I come over smiling
big we hug and then my mother says and
someone else came to see you
I look to her confused she pointed and I
turn around half expecting to see Marcus
for the sake of an adorable fairytale
ending but instead I saw someone
different it was brendan standing there
smiling expecting me to leap into his
arms or something of that nature have a
declaration of love and forgiveness he
was the one thing I least expected and
the one thing I would rather have left
behind
shit's getting serious now yeah that's
gonna sum up this fanfiction and then it
right on a cliffhanger what marks is
gonna be proper pissed off when he finds
out about that he's gonna be livid I
hope you guys enjoy this series give the
video a thumbs up if you are and I'll
see you next time with another
fanfiction special bye
