whoa all right people today we're
finding out something very important and
that question is are you a fuck-boy well
not you am i fuck boy I don't even know
what that means like I swear this word
has come up in the last like year I
don't really know what it is the worst
kind of guy or at least one who
represents the worst trends of the
present moment a person who is a
weak-ass pussy that ain't bout shift a
male who tries to be something that he
knows nothing about interesting a male
who's always fucking something up I
guess that would make sense because sin
entitle a man who tries to do what he
sees other people doing but who doesn't
know anything about it but okay it seems
to just some like it just seems that all
of a sudden people calling boys fuck
boys so let's take a quiz
are you a fuck boy how deep is your V oh
we're talking about that V that I don't
even wear v-necks so none of them like
I'll go top left because that's the
least VD but I literally don't wear
v-neck tops ever
what's your dating deal-breaker doesn't
introduce you to the fam cleanness no
ambition doesn't put out ha I'll
probably go with cleanest on that that I
get it's not really one that I'd okay
pick a beaver what that I mean the most
like normal looking beads there is
probably the top right but that's like
so old so bottom right definitely not
I mean beginning a top right or bottom
left bottom left looks a bit Oh a top
right how do you slide into someone's
how do you slide into someone's DMS
penguin who day the kid down the slide
definitely kid down the slide
how many side pieces you got just one
two on a good day that's confidential I
only have a main piece thank you very
much that's confidential
so yeah I'm keeping it confidential you
know things that's probably otherwise
Lance I get out like quizzes and it
things are getting sexy sex tu dot send
a nude no questions asked okay keep it
pg-13 of some flirty emojis invite
yourself over for sex play it cool and
change the subject I've never sent a
nude so no invite yourself over sex if
what if sexting begin things are getting
sexy no I'm not absolutely not
keep it pg-13 with some flirty emojis
probably me like go for smokey
greenlight it's not this Maggie grim you
got not a fuck-boy
in other words you're a total keeper you
have no time for that fuck boy bullshit
because you're way above it thank you
for not being a fuck boy the world is a
better place because of you
well isn't that nice that we've all
found out something important today and
that is that I am NOT a funk boy so yeah
I don't know if that has any kind of
meaning whatsoever but yes we found
something out I know you guys enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to give
it a big thumbs up I'll see you tomorrow
with another video bye
