I have no idea why I'm wearing a jumper
because it's quite warm in this room but
hey all for the looks right also went
away like white and bright colors I just
kind of blend into the the white
background maybe on maybe I'll be edgy
and have my hood up little bit like a
nice gem anyway hi what not I'm gonna
find out which famous person you should
get drunk with because why not right
it's always interesting to know what
famous person you should get drunk with
sometimes I get to go to like fancy
events and stuff so whoever i get if I'm
ever in a vent with them I might go up
to be like yo apparently i should get
wrong with you let's get drunk pick a
drink a pint ale a cuban leak was a Cuba
Libre champagne gin and tonic whiskey on
the rocks white wine whiskey and coke
bottle of Bud out of that my standard
would be gin and tonic but I've recently
really started life and whiskey on the
rocks so I don't drink it that much so
I'm still gonna go Gino tonic pick a
movie the big lebowski splendour in the
glass grass Napoleon Dynamite The
Godfather ghostbusters Shrek Sparkle
esman Titanic gotta be Napoleon time to
fight its absolute classic I want to
watch that film again it's such a funny
film pick up food yorkshire put it
Yorkshire pudding does that count as a
food pizza that doesn't really like you
can call on its own does it Pizza tacos
fried chicken sushi chocolate fries been
occupied Joe chicken I'm all about that
church in that damn man picker Carla
turquoise baby pink yellow orange purple
blue silver green gold orange is my
color so go move orange pick an animal
dog out turtle Tiger rabbit utter
penguin cheater cat you guys know my
favorite animal and that is a tiger so
I'm of course going tiger pick a dance
move the robot finger wigger we got on
word that is my mate Dave he's in the
club one Dave's had a drink get split
you know when Dave's drunk cuz his
flipping skinny little fingers come out
and pointing all over the place by one
hundred percent but in the club I find I
turn like proper street I don't really
think I
dance but when I've had a couple of
drinks them in the club I get told i'm
actually not that bad dancing so I'm
going with street because I get kind of
like poppy and pick a song don't stop me
no I've had that I'm gonna stop saying
each one don't stop believin journey
sweet home alabama billy g these are i'd
pick all these songs so far Jeff starts
a living on a prayer or hey you're out
car honesty out of there I think I've
got like four in my top 100 playlist
instead of telling you so I'm gonna play
it for you and we're gonna have a little
dance how does that sound I think that's
good such a good song and it's not what
I'd usually go for on this one does she
really wanna see out there no that's
that's all gonna go if I didn't do that
I'm gonna pay the other one this because
it reminds her of my mum like my mom
used to love this song and always play
it in the car boom boom that's how it
starts boom boom listen song for the
broken hearted it's my escalated quickly
didn't there pick a shot vodka tequila
mmm sambuca apple sour alright not 14
amaretto yeah heel balm oh no brandy rum
scotch I've never seen someone do a shot
of brandy or a shot of scotch or a shot
of amaretto my go-to shot out of that
Vita kita I actually quite enjoy it
because as nice Oh cafe patron is the
one by the way coffee kela pick your
ideal evening anywhere fun by dearly
with your loved one exclusive party or
late night boss surrounded by friends
that sounds quite good a night in
giggling with all your closest friends
somewhere to to swig somewhere to swig
bottles of beer with a band playing pin
to a trendy bar of your trendy meets
staying in with your best mate enjoying
fine wine and lots of chat bite to eat
and a few tip tipples exclusive party or
late night bar surrounded by friends
that sounds like a good buy pick a cat
and a hat oh the lion 10 while you're
the circ you lied one all day you got
Rihanna
yes then time to part you'll be sipping
cocktails doing shots of rum and dancing
until the early hours think street
parties dance offs and ridiculous
amounts of fun and you're bound to
become best friends off electron running
while dancing on tables I would
absolutely be all over getting drunk
with Rihanna also kind of fancy Anna
just like cool isn't she yeah I got
Rihanna I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
with a better shoulder and another video
bye
