yellow I'm back reacting to more try not
to cringe reacting to more try not to
cringe no taking part and try out
screens challenge - last time we watched
a video and we got halfway through and
it parts are like riff Utley cringy and
quite sad and I'm gonna finish that
video so yeah let's get right back into
it this con IV god you cannot I don't I
don't either interrupt me I'm Jewish
thank you bye thank you where the ship
oh why oh what the guy you cuz it was
like I don't still obviously changed you
just interrupting him and he's just like
you wanted that up me and he's like fun
this I'm just getting off the stage face
what didn't rip his pants go to the
bathroom he didn't even care that much
he's just like yeah yeah the chicken
pants I forgot the last four or five
games what can you attribute that to
being about Danny show me you've taught
me this stuff Tony get a shot God had
good anything that we were working on
this morning
this oh no again thundergun the new
Danny
no no oh I'm feeling horrible go do it
again look she don't do down shit oh
she's definitely not yes she'll bounce
back and let you bounce back off the
floor and that was it that was it
Oh Oh Sassie on the wedding cake
he does not like that it was not any
game Oh No Oh model
she broke her legs off on a hot water
what was she doing oh she's she's like
in the film your mom's very open photo
section do you find it hard for
celebrities to talk to their section to
talk to media about the sexuality well
on earth you were about I was wondering
if you find it difficult for celebrities
to talk about the sexuality I don't find
it difficult for celebrities to talk
about their sexuality are you asking me
about my sexuality
sure oh this is so good I this is so
good
thank you okay oh god that was like the
eyes that is the cringe thing that I've
seen on this video you don't do that
don't ask Tom Hardy that and then I'll
do like almighty shut him down
completely so you always know when you
talk to a family member when you start a
case you'll know what this person is
dead or alive yes does this girl look
familiar to you she does this is a girl
who you said was beaten and killed okay
this little girl is me and you told
somebody oh snap you didn't disappear uh
no evidently not
I'm sat right in front of you well
that's interesting isn't it daddy that's
interesting isn't it no you've just
you've just lied explain being
completely wrong in it
I can't explain it thank you girl thank
you I think we're good
Oh like situations like that I just
never ever want to be involved in this
is actually the homeowner we're going
we're gonna toss it back to you in the
studio Randy I want to ask you if you
can find any reports on any dogs being
loose from my house or loose and running
around or have dairies one there was a
dog I I got rid of it
the guy does not know what to do oh my
god that is amazing
yes okay and that concludes the try not
to cringe part two and that's so much
fun to film and just watch but yeah I
really hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did make sure to give a big thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video
all right Babu bait
