I'm really nervous to stand up guys I've
got a new haircut I hello and welcome to
a new me a new us I'm a little bit
nervous you might be able to care for
this video I think I'm sweating my
foreheads a bit shiny because I'm
sweating but I have new hair and I kind
of love it like I have wanted to do my
hair like this
for a very long time but never got
around to doing it when I last got my
hair cut I did my hairdresser how's that
look this is what I want to try and do
and she's like look we should just go
for it like let's just try it and see
what happens she's I think I look really
good on you and we can like work out and
do this and that I was kind of like okay
let's try it and this is the result I
have this on my head and yeah I don't
even know what color it is because it's
like it's kind of like a platinum
platinum blonde with a bit of an a she
actually tint I kind of think it looks
better if it's more messed up and I've
just still got my normal hair style as
you can see I'm not changing that but
it's purely the color now from all the
pictures that I saw I thought it would
look really cool in like a couple weeks
when the roots come through just a
little bit but it's proper all over and
I I like it it makes me look really
tanned like a lot more time than normal
and it brings brings out the color of my
eyes I've already kind of got used to
seeing it is really really weird looking
at myself in the screen right here as
this because I've obviously never filmed
a video of my hair like this so it's a
little bit weird so sorry if I keep like
flicking back over here so yeah this
took 5 hours in total to do because I
always had a cut as well now I'm going
to just talk through the process so a 10
and it got like a layer of bleach i sat
there
she makes the color and then it went all
over and that took maybe like an hour or
so and once that was done I had to sit
this really funny hat on and then sit
for maybe another hour
without to like start coloring the hair
now because it's bleaching it kind of
goes yellow so my hair went a very slim
shadey yellow and when I had it like
washed off and cows tears I was like
whoa done made a massive mistake because
my hair is yellow and she said no no no
no it's fine it's fine just trust me
we'll work this out so then I came back
upstairs and she had to do another whole
layer of the bleach stuff to make all
those yellow bits more white so same
again did all of that took another like
half an hour then I had to sit for about
another hour with that funny cap on
again and it was weird because I've
never really sat in the hairdresser's
for that long before and I had my laptop
I was editing and I was having drinks
bought for me I had a Nando's whilst he
had my haircut like how incredible was
that yes there was yellow I'm saying
this most of you have probably had hair
dye before so but this was a new
experience me I've never had it so I was
like excited by the whole thing so once
it all washed out it was still yellow
but like very very very bright yellow
like almost a white kind of yellow then
she's like oh now we're gonna do the
toner so we go downstairs and I have
toner which then brings it to this color
and that's really quick so they rubble
this toner on and then literally 10
minutes off you just wash off then
you're left with this color this is the
color of the hair the one's the color
was done then she just had to cut it Wow
oh yeah and then it was time for the cut
so then she cut it and then we styled it
and this is the outcome and I'm just
excited to share it with you I was sneak
peek net on snapchat yesterday and it
got the midnight and I was like in bed
like you know I really love the hair I'm
just gonna post a video of it and here's
the full video of it so I hope you liked
it but yeah I guess I don't know
they said this is it this is this is
going to be the look I don't know how
long I'll keep it I don't know we'll
look like when it grows through a bit
but for now I like it and I'm going to
LA soon so you know gonna fit in gonna
be like yo I am Justin Bieber I should
also point out I've got a bunch of more
Marx videos filmed before I did my hair
so for the next I don't know week or
however long uploads up the videos I've
got a done
my hair is obviously a bi color because
they're already film so don't think
always change it baggie doesn't like it
just videos will be like this once those
videos have gone out
we love
so yeah I just really wanted to make
this video because I'm so excited about
it and I really like it so I hope you
like it too
give the video a thumbs up if you liked
it but yeah I am about to go and play
inside man football game so I will go
and I will see you back on the channel
tomorrow with video with my old hair but
you will see this hair in the future
very very soon and all over snapchat and
Instagram and Twitter so yeah all right
love you guys syllabi
