hello welcome back to accents number two
you guys loved it I hope you guys liked
the accent video if you didn't this
video wouldn't be on YouTube so yeah we
got the magical wheel we got the snap
ruler you got the magical wheel over
here that's you know spinning constantly
and whenever I go number six that's
because I can definitely see those
landed on that number so let's go on
look at that it landed on number six
Rihanna
hello darkness my old friend how can I
do it impression every other semi any
work work work work work Giannini work
work work work work that's that's hard
don't know what she sounds like when she
speaks hey she is not southern hey y'all
my name's Brianna and I really hope you
guys like my brand new song called work
I'm the weirdest back spinning look at
that number one Alfie deyes oh yeah a
dog
hi guys my name's ow I called the
aggression of it weirdest spinning
number 13 Wow
perhaps he's wondering why someone would
shoot come on it doesn't matter get a
point for that yeah sorry the wheel had
a bit of a well there is oh look at
those colors
number 18 pants I didn't use to watch
Spongebob you knows laughs that's the
best but it's so efficient I just have
being able to do it and they're just God
telling someone your secret no skipping
no let's move on right Bob and we're
landing down at number 15
Bruce Forsyth what wouldn't even say
nice to see ya
to see you nice it's been seven years
since I lasted this show thank you so
much for having me back well done you've
won Strictly Come Dancing I don't know
why I'm sticking my Tina nice to see you
to see you nice number three he was
going on everybody should boy Justin
Bieber Justin Bieber 2008 Havis what's
going on everybody should boy J be nice
to Will Ferrell I was kind of freaking
out Willie quit
gir brick he's not even that so that he
can on the vine Marge Simpson
oh I haven't seen things in so long
do your version of it hello my name is
Marge Simpson sound more like the
granddad from Family Guy another
beautiful number 8 Mickey Mouse number 9
jaesuk Oh prank thanks shaggy from
scooby-doo Oh
how does he separate like she had big
feet come on Scooby that's quite good
but the 17 Peter Griffin this is a great
time to tell you guys that I was in
Family Guy that is mental but obviously
seeing family I don't watch it like oh I
mean to be fair there was a lot of other
youtubers they could have been said of
me no go away
yeah Stewie yeah what do I can help
repair help we're past but not least
Homer Simpson you love the Simpsons I do
your impression
but that's not very helpful I just wanna
hear him talk a new shock on their
sandwich oh you just don't doesn't
necessary down and look at that that is
the wheel of Fortune's of impressions
you all used up I've said in the first
video how bad I meant impressions I've
never practiced a single one at least
I've never seen a single atlas before
this video so give me a little bit of
like a little bit of leeway that's the
word I'm looking for but yeah I hope you
guys enjoy this video give it a big
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video all right
bye
