hello beautiful sexy people welcome
happy Sunday Sunday I won't have a thing
again for you because I thought I was
going to hurt your is welcome to today's
video
today's video is guess the celebrity
baby photo we actually did this if
you're a long time viewer on remarks we
did this a long time ago but since we've
like rebound things and got back into it
we're bringing it back because you guys
know that guest youtuber is like a
really popular series on the channel
we're gonna recreate those things we've
guessed that celebrity as well
so enjoy hit me hit me hit me with your
rhythms oh my god who is that here's a
little insight into my life I struggle
with celebrities anyone who knows me Jim
and Tarn always there I suck I know you
know I'm bad with your celebrity like I
don't need to know I'm a celebrity
I think no no no that is not me who is
just
I'm bad at it I'm bad I'm just a
degreaser also got hair a bit like a ski
jump skis I've got like a schoolboy
haircut right now is that the Ryan
Gosling haircut yeah you just say said
Ryan Gosling I will I love to hate that
I will take that with two hands that is
Jesus Christ like where do I begin
literary where do I begin I I mean I've
got one buzzers definitely not there so
quite an old photo
yeah the widget indicators and an Oprah
it's not her Rihanna
no the one we'll get Y an article in
here oh yeah oh yeah okay are they a
singer yeah are they a celebrity's
daughter no okay guys this is my guest
Chateau d'eau was thinking it could be
Willow Smith I don't know why I think I
hope this is attention in under 17 are
they I know
super super famous totally Club and Six
Sigma so she say it's no yeah but okay
correct I'm saying is she one of the
most famous people in the world I mean
that subjective oh god say is she
married to a rapper yes is it Beyonce
yeah
ooh yo oh you sucker MCs and I'm gonna
say that Beyonce's amazing she is
amazing
well I don't know oh is that the he'd
like Prince it's in the royal family
is he loyal day in the royal family I
know I did always name's George isn't it
no oh so that's not William Kate son no
ah I just thought what no is it William
it is yeah I am Jim that's how poor well
he's got bit more hair in the last photo
ah poor well I feel for you well that's
I know who that is straight away how
many have we got well hey this well I do
know who that is straightaway I hope I
do anything
can I catch a grenade for ya bring him
up this is not bring over music how is
so confident
oh yeah I just I saw the eyes I'd bring
him up as far as throwing me are they
American know are they singer right
after no actually I was questioned
that's not it's not northing or an actor
yeah and not Americans the struggle is
real
I'm trying to hang what else would you
be you're not singing you're not and I
can't tell me anything I'll help you out
here the global brand it's not David
Gandy no no no that would be quite neat
that would be very hard okay each person
will get aa one year old
I think 31 News holding do this hard
part if I doubt oh no way is that
Ronaldo yeah crazy did it
Kenan oh my god that is not like em any
how's it different
unlike ears yeah it is different you
know friends a good way like yeah not a
footballer yeah of course
yeah that was nice I like that Adele
yeah well is it yeah that was I don't
know she looks very cheap he doesn't she
does very very cute she looks it up to
color she's going to sing it you sign
her up
not quite a double standard yeah thanks
just in case I didn't know what the
other like oh my god so hard because
something right yet that is he died
again very old have you gone were super
old here no she's not deep religious
folks a does look very very old not
never royal with a malaise no no runner
although somewhat into entertainment
royalty I'm really you clearly said
she's thinking entertainment is Ellen
DeGeneres yeah yeah you go you've gotta
be your clue you've got to be careful
with your food because that gave it away
how come when you entertainment royalty
I was like women entertainment royalty
yes later she is amazing she is iconic
feel like if I ever went on Ellen but
anything that is I need vice mate on who
is Tina who knows I'm who is Selena
Gomez yeah - thank you
that is that yeah the like shaved her
face there he is very similar coming
she's have equality personal yes crazy
isn't it
she's around why do you think it's a bit
random I don't want to spend there on
huge city other yeah she never really
was she's got she's like got some big
song but not kind of like Jones she had
liver don't get that real if to me -
might just be blessed with those lippy
genes nada now she's Disney stars and
share what's my boy they sell for they
look so much like it's my life you know
I watch every day
Titanic like it means that you're just
try we didn't finish it it's three and a
half hours where you know that's Bush
Titanic I was like 1 a.m. is all 35
minutes to go yes you're like yeah I'm
so sensitive
and I do think I thanks one of the films
that I know all the words to so I'm
sitting there like saying them as it
plays what the guys named young were
saying about the bad guy and what's his
name
Oh Oh C is C um it's like cat Tom cow I
feel this cow that sounds right it can't
cop call and cow great film though yeah
Oh second highest-grossing ever James
Cameron for those that might know what
an amazing bullying isn't cow bet so my
boy Leo he's in the deer not
conventionally be cooking but being just
like he's got Lauer about him charisma
y'all get ready yeah I must say as
Titanic he was a huge well he was a huge
horse prob when he was younger he had
the serious looks I would say like man
crush on this Johnny Depp oh I think
I've enjoyed it from special living when
your jungle but Leo said now yeah bloody
hell is that I have no idea but Jesus
that had haircut I mean that is the you
go to Florida on holidays dies the head
but you get my sister's got that now I
think that like Europe the only braid
your hair honestly remember going to
Disney no my sister's first day we saw
all the kids in the pool one that they
were like I want my hair cut
okay my parents poor parents singer yeah
you know who it's not at all but all I'm
thinking of is harming her name you know
I'm all about that bass about now Meghan
Trainor
trilha Trinity so cheetahs it's annoying
oh my god that is not Taylor Swift yes
but uh oh my god
even that energy it's the I I'm just
Stanger iron I thought I can see that
wow that is insane to see some long hair
I'm not used to have long hair it's for
sure this yeah shorty much shorter up
it's me the aisle verse am not referring
to myself as Ryan Gosling from the PM's
video right
yes this young leader the hair does
about it looks a bit more goofy there
do you heart he started looking I think
religiously good-looking dude see I
think he's super cool I don't think he's
that good-looking
do you know see I don't have that big of
a man crush I just think he's so cool
I'm a peon in the film place beyond the
pines when you got those patties you're
surely chart an idiot and a super cook I
mean I would taste that every if anyone
says I look around I'll take that um I
can kind of see it in the eyes but I con
can't quite get it it's not very nice
man one day you're asking that not know
the thing I know who is that who are you
I mean clue American hustle men in the
last are you not know it's not mine
Cyrus no no no way that is not GG you
did no it's not for Bella no it's not
let's find out this is the first time I
haven't got today you've got to your
heart oh my heart yeah but like scoot
hardest person to yes because she had so
much work done did you have a knack for
them that's how I was gonna Footwear if
they play football really random guess I
don't thing is is it Charla from friends
know what Matthew Perry Matthew Perry no
yellow over its head carmine right now
like at no no no no English uh I was
going to say one of the Hemsworth
he's English footballer is is is it
Steve Gerald know what my three guesses
he said someone yeah Matthew from
friends yeah thingy
yeah okay is that David Beckham yeah
yeah David Beckham is good-looking guy
he takes a very good photo when you see
them taps in the street I don't think
our units good but I always think right
doesn't reduce anyway stop it because
you're cool fashion and stuff oh my god
yeah very cool in that immediate release
happier if you are there yeah he does
each cop stuff very policies and last
one but that's what half all their model
no well yeah they got what I would
denote as car can he go some wonder just
they look like a like potential model
there at the bone structure and unknown
have any eyebrows there the killer waves
oh my god is am is it Lord
yeah yeah Wow now I see that Wow yeah
alright you got two wrong I'm very happy
at that and that's low that is very good
for a celebrity guessing game I'm happy
about I hope you guys enjoyed the video
if you did make sure to give it a thumbs
up subscribe if you're new and let us
know we should do Nathan the comments
alright WI see you tomorrow
