yeah what is up people how you do we are
back in the kitchen
not because I'm cooking for you although
I might cook you see like the face face
I explained I like the buttery biscuit
patient because loads you actually seem
to like that video there's food involved
I'm just not cooking it a lot less
helping them I usually then today I'm
gonna try some American breakfast foods
but yeah I want to change the thing I'm
throwing sing upstairs I thought no
let's take it to the kitchen baby let's
get dirty get there to get there
inconvenient for kitchens are for
getting dirty today in today's get dirty
video we have got some pop-tarts
chocolate chip cookie dough flavored for
toaster all pastry toast at lowest heat
setting cool briefing sorry
for a microwave place on a microwave
tray heat for 3 seconds what the is
that gonna do don't they've got a little
foil packs so I actually I used to have
pop pop color pop-tarts for breakfast
every day at my dad's house when I
hunger you skip a pack of 2 chocolate
and stick them on and actually think I
was like being good hey guys getting
close for this yeah we need to that
doesn't look too appetizing like a dozen
because one they melt and then it melts
in the mouth right to my quinine in the
toaster right you get a plate though
they're really small plates make one
thing I need maybe I should go home I
will rise because I need some plates
some small plates so I mean it's warm I
don't know if it's that squidgy smells
like how my pop-tarts used to smell I'm
gonna put it back home for a few seconds
three oh three seconds is gonna do
nothing in a microwave I don't even own
a microwave here we go guys let's see
what it's all about breaking has leave
it to cool and cool thoughts an
appetizing at all does it
here we go ready
no I'm not nice at all
so that Marmite the hell how does that
sponsor of the Olympics what honestly
I'm not just saying guys the chocolate
why they don't flavor those I chopped it
and they're short ones well my sister
you have the strawberry ones that I
remember them tasting good that I wasn't
a fan of that I'm sorry
moving on to the next name on the bowl
next up we've got Reese's puffs Reese's
peanut butter sweet and crunchy corn
puffs are little drops of poop oh yeah
add some milk into this oh yeah made you
like a real proper breakfast five
o'clock I was always the person who left
their serious foot weird
let my milk soak into the cereal so it
was a bit soggy
ice lover used to make cereal home and
leave it set five minutes oh that's
really that's nice thinking please like
it more flavor so here we go nicely
we're like peanut butter cereal other
spots as well car
I was quite bad on that's really bad you
joking I'm gonna stay here what picture
KP ah wait a minute well I'm like a nice
snowy day we can hit a widow cuts my
nose well I'm staying here okay oh yes I
meant do you mmm
peanut butter Reese's and falls quite
tasty actually are you your take and
that stinks
oh saying oh yeah hmm I'd rate that
7 out of 10 quite like that that's me
trying my American breakfast only had
two things I don't know Welles notes
we've done some already we've done
cereals which are pretty much American
so this is like a bit more this is other
director's cut like the bonus yeah the
bonus yet they do director's cut behind
the scenes in the kitchen
war farts
I play band what more could you want
right hope you guys enjoyed this video
even if it's short give it a thumbs up
if you do and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video bye
