yo what is up people today when I'm
filming it's very sunny so she looked
like the complete background it's just
like today I'm gonna be find out which
nineties cartoon series are you I would
like to think I watched a lot of 90's
cartoons but based on what I did on
quizzes I probably didn't watch as much
as I thought go soon find out which
nineties cartoon series are you I can
already see in this picture a lot of
things that I used to watch actually
that's a lie I was about half these
things
nostalgia feels right there pick a
Pokemon I was addicted to Pokemon I've
told you guys this before Pokemon was
like my favorite thing in the world and
a new Pokemon came out or they like
showed the trailer for the new Pokemon
the other day and I'm gonna get that
Pokemon I think and probably lose some
of my social life because I'm gonna get
into it
Bulbasaur squirtle Charmander pshew
Mewtwo Dragonite you can't really put
Mewtwo and Dragonite with those 4
Pokemon Kenny they're like your starter
Pokemon sits there whereas Mewtwo and
Dragon are like absolute Don's is out of
those I mean peach is like the obvious
choice but for me I've gotta go squirt
or pick a nineties Jam Oh oh my god is
what's my age again from the 90s get the
 out
handsome ah such a good song mmm dad
taboo that Lauryn Hill doo-wop that
thing I don't know that is British maybe
one time Mo Money mo problems on Spice
Girls wannabe for me bring quiet to
what's my age again what's my age again
pick a food oh my god Sunny Delight was
this true or was this only me because I
used to drink same joke when I was a kid
I used to drink it when I was a kid and
aha my parents used to say that I'd go
my skin would go yellow because
apparently someone drank too much of it
and there it turned their skin yellow
but I don't know if that's a myth or if
that was a natural news story I
literally have no idea what the rest of
always that dunkaroos sounded like all
day don't know what the other stuff is
pick a pattern ok these are obviously
taken probably from some of those
cartoons I intended to go bottom-right
with that cheeky little bit of like
leopard and vibrancy going on pick a toy
Oh
those Philippian fairies that you went
and it just blew mental they were lethal
because they were like full-on hard
plastic so if you shot them too high
shot em into a light that light was
getting broke what is that first then is
that uh is that a tape or a zaps is that
a Walkman was it a tape recorder oh I'm
going super soaker those days where you
could just like absolutely nail each
other would I want to have a water gun
fight can we have a water gun fight yeah
that's a super circle right there oh you
know it was that wonderful gun that's
like that did you play with nerf guns
cuz no you didn't forgive it old for
that which one of these game shows could
you beat Nickelodeon arcade what would
you do Nickelodeon I don't know anything
legends of the Hidden Temple I know that
double dare figure it out and their
legends of the Hidden Temple pick a
nineties couple Oh Zack and Kelly oh my
god
it's gotta be Zack and yet I haven't
even seen the race okay Leo and Kay Ross
and Rachel who's the middle and whose
poem that is got a spot sorry Zack and
Kelly all about that relationship
pick a slang word tight dope fly psyche
crib word there this is Oh American hey
yo that was tight
oh it's so dope flat psych crib you
wanna come to my crib word oh I really
don't know
dope why not pick a Goosebumps book hmm
that's me and like nostalgia Night of
the Living dummy I remember that how I
got my shrunken head yeah remember that
say cheese and dye Night of the Living
dummy gun with that pick a nineties film
okay
homeward bound home alone Aladdin Milan
a goofy movie
Mathilda literary you got recess oh my
god okay that that is like life made
because that was my favorite show
cartoon show you're a person of the
people you tend to get along with every
and you tend to find yourself having to
sneak out of uncomfortable situations
from time to time but hey that's life
Jah is quite deep of all this BuzzFeed
stuff at the end they always give you
this quote and it somehow makes me
wonder if BuzzFeed really actually know
me because everything's very accurate
it's like when you read your would you
call it like your start sign horoscope
things that's pretty much letters but
yeah I'm really happy that I've got
recess so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up if you
did and I will see you tomorrow another
video bye
