whoa sexual vibes in the room people we
are about to get into some deep deep
foundation yeah so last thing we go up
to Marcus and flip in Alison they had a
little car crash didn't they
it could be bad bad I can't remember
what happened was Alison knocked out yes
she was blacking out like trying to save
her she blacked out but Marcus had been
drinking the night before Oh
comfort I feel comfort yeah at the same
time I feel extreme discomfort is that
possible I saw you guys open my eyes and
it was painful bright lights the room
burn my eyes and really doesn't help
with my eyes are very light in color and
quite sensitive I tend to help it was a
struggle on my body I decided to give up
and just lay there until a nurse or
doctor or somebody comes in to help me
he told me how severe the accident was
and how indirect contact with the other
car as if I was a target and the other
driver was a hunter I heard a knock on
the door a few moments later on I
expected another doctor to ask about my
recovery and medical history but instead
I saw drew poked his head into my room
with that little grin of his that makes
all the girls melt how's the patient I
heard you're doing pretty well for your
kind of situation that's what I heard
too then kudos to you I wanted to buy a
bottle of champagne to celebrate but no
alcohol is allowed on the premises I
really don't need alcohol at 11:00 in
the morning obviously you aren't in any
condition for champagne but I'm always
game for it absolutely neither your
mates like dead in hospital betting
you're right I've always gained for
champagne shame you can't open it
Ali are you really okay what do you mean
the doctor said you're doing fine
physically but what about emotionally
the doctor wouldn't just go would be
emotional that one and he's family yeah
emotionally yeah you know like feelings
ever heard of those briefly maybe once
or twice I said back in the same kind of
manner but seriously Ali you don't look
so great you're holding back was it of
course she doesn't look great she's been
a fucking car crash
honesty drew I don't even know at this
point I'm so confused I know I'll be
better soon I know it will but
emotionally or I can think about his
Marcus he's like nobody else I ever met
when I'm with him I just feel so
complete as if somehow found my other
half I don't know what is
but Marcus is special he's really
special is he the one I I don't know
that's up for fate to decide oh that's
deep Ali really though I'm a guy and
usually guys are pretty fierce when it
comes relationship stuff I'm not sure
what it is but there's always been this
kind of look that you Marcus exchange
that no one else could ever
replicate and have some kind of bomb
that no one could ever break its lover
is finest they believe into your life
every time yeah a rooftop yeah we sat in
silence for a while until I had another
knock at my door
come in is all open an acute blonde with
a messed-up quiff waltzed in and rushed
my bedside gripping my hand I smiled
giddy to see him but his face was
serious and he had no intention of doing
anything except for being here I'm going
to go to the food court you guys want
anything to ask ma'am good as soon as
Drew left the room Marcus looked
straight at me and said I'm so sorry I
can't believe I did this
this is all my fault Marcus you didn't
do anything wrong it was the other
driver that caused the whole accident I
know but Marcus stop you don't need to
apologize for anything you're fine I'm
fine it's all perfectly fine it will all
be okay he draft my chin pointed my face
directly at his and kissed me gently
enough to make sure I wasn't in any sort
of pain we kept kissing until we heard
yet again another knock we stopped
looked at the door and saw my internship
director who at first was shocked by
marks here in my room and her face
showed slight confusion but then her
face gathered a look of recognition and
clarity as she realized that Marcus
wasn't here to give me flowers and then
me she knew he was something more she
knew he was my boyfriend she could know
it all how because she's a psychiatrist
and psychiatrist can see through it all
they're not yet can they they're not
magic a sad day he's done conflicted I
know I'm in deep trouble my internship
director Courtney is the one who had
plans whole thing out for all the
interns she was so helpful and kind and
I broke her trust I'm fired from the
internship and any other job in my
future I'm finished bit dramatically but
she just is she needs to calm down I
came to see how you were doing yes thank
you it's very kind of you to come on a
holiday we can all see there's an issue
here
what in the vision whoa it's New Years
Day he's your patient isn't he yes I
declared knowing there's no way out I
see well you know the guidelines Ally
yes I know but but nothing Ally this is
wildly inappropriate do you think this
is all right just just sleep around with
patients this doesn't only cost you it
costs everyone wait till dr. Lewis his
she's going to be livid please Courtney
I beg of you let me stay I'm afraid I
can't do that yes yes you can you can do
it not with this going on suggestion to
the general area of Marcus and I
Courtney I said no what if nothing was
going on Marcus said straightforward no
emotion his face stony he was angry just
clenched tight he looked straight into
Courtney's serious cold eyes nothing
are you really denying every everything
right now yes but what if we stopped
ended the relationship now right now
right now there would still be an issue
Allison is still a doctor technically
and she did have sexual relations with
you when did they bang yeah that's all
I'm doing this for and if I drop the
third sessions then I could reconsider
as in Olli would be out of trouble
exactly but you would still be unable to
see each other considering the
circumstances it wouldn't look good if
Marcus dropped therapy and
coincidentally began to date Alison but
who's watching this she's all good as if
it's like under constant watch I'll give
you a deal Courtney said you end their
relationship and Marcus's therapy
sessions by tomorrow night then you're
in the clear as long as you pretend to
never know each other as anything more
than doctor and patient and you see each
other as little as possible how dumb am
i what if we don't end the relationship
then we have serious issue on our hands
botany stood from the chair she was
sitting in and walked out the door marks
and I looked at each other into
disbelief I was dumbfounded upset and
alone because marks and I have decided
declared this will have to be the end of
our relationship for our careers I felt
more alone now than I'd ever before and
I was devastated I'm gonna end it there
I don't know what's gonna happen if I
was Alison I would just bun that
professor off and you know love is love
right if you love Marcus Marcus loves
you I just want to get to some action
personally but hey yeah exactly but we
get a flashback of that or Courtney
seems to know everything oh you guys
enjoyed the series give the video
and I'll see you next time with another
fanfiction all right bye
