hello that guy's I haven't got my ring
on say that suddenly just felt like that
you know when you're so used to wearing
like rings or bracelets whatever and you
don't worry and then you just feel like
off he's naked and bare feel like that
for this whole video now I'm basically
naked no anyway today I am taking part
you try not to cringe challenge never
done one of these before don't know
what's gonna be like don't know if it's
gonna make you cringe don't know I guess
we'll find out with me
good so just apologies go for it she saw
someone filming she just sneaks up like
fair enough stops like why is that creep
filming her
that's just like a dad hangout stepped
on some chains of this guy
oh the lemmas I was bar side all those
reward back white 6-3 he just stressful
some food do you know who fire started
yes I do
well who has Mike I think he's mad
because he couldn't eat me I'm married
to my husband and it's a long story just
make sorry
cousin is mad cuz he can't get with her
sure yeah he already put him in a
hospital once last month he put him in
the hospital and he figured he's gonna
do something else to get back oh shit
trip I know she's gonna oh she lost the
face
she loves the weight probably doesn't
have those trousers so low loser guy is
that like please did he have a hard dick
because it's just squeezing it you'd
probably know unless it was like
rock-solid and tucked under his trousers
fun finally you give people a reason to
stop them in the world what
simply kids I mean do you know how much
damage a single daily does to the
environment
geez and what the fuck is is okay right
for the fun we're coming for the photo
it is lodged deliver but okay sorry
yeah hello those no one loves oh I
messed up the delivery on that one no
you didn't no one found it funny and
then he goes okay more jokes I don't
know what's going on she she doesn't
know as her okay Oh what language is
that I wish I mean so much the same tell
me in the comments if you know what
she's saying she messed up her speech
they decided to give her a second chance
oh so they'd like re-entry pair as well
Oh bless her ashes then alright hey yeah
that's fine she did all right then oh oh
no oh no oh my god the best way would be
if happen watch it turn it on TV at home
when it comes out a DVD and turn the
sound completely off and then as you're
cleaning the house or you've got a party
going on any chance to stay occupied
that'll make this a lot more that's how
I had to watch incest porn huh yep turns
out huh huh she's just like what what
weirdo oh that that moment you might if
you're that kind of person who crosses
the line of jokes you must have a lot of
those moments where you say a joke and
people just like what what happens when
you like a real black
ah so you're not a black bowtie cowboy
you're not a bike fucking bow I'll bring
on Sarge's you're not a fucking whore
you're a fucking wake up we're calling
my veneers stand up I'm a black belt
give me the fucking boat give me the bow
my head and totally like oh my god leave
him alone he just wanted to fit in
why are you singing you're black
alright he's apologized lemon is on
video then I could point out that this
guy's not a real black pop that's made
me quite sad I feel really sorry for
that guy
don't worry mate you can be my black
belt I'll let you have your black belt
that means anything right I'm gonna stop
there guys there's still I'm halfway
through the video so you will see me
continue this try not to cringe if you
enjoy it anyway so give the video a
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
tomorrow good bye
