but how can you do that when out of john
cornyn the other day there you go oh
yeah Auden and Connor can do it and they
were loving the fact I could do it
anyway
hi how's it going remember when you're
younger I say when you're younger they
used to be this game on the was on it
was like a an app and it was the logo
game no I don't know what it's called he
was just cool Oh game and you had to
like guess the name like the company's
by clicking on the logos and type in em
if you don't know that it was a game I'm
gonna play it now so I'm gonna look at
companies logos without obviously what
it says on them and have to guess what
they are right here we go
branding is everything Oh Shh this is
hard
wait this is so hard because I'm looking
at that instantly and thinking is that
either Pepsi or coke jeez this is hot
not I thought this would be super easy I
want to say it's coke because Pepsi is
written in between blue and red right so
I'm going coke boom correct and there is
good that is BP all day that's been pit
beet BNP Wow
BP correct here we are we're on a roll
I'll come on who would not who would not
get that who's gonna look that and go
mmm I can show you Apple I can see
Microsoft and Panasonic it's definitely
not an apple right mmm that I kid aah
wait is that I care it's definitely not
Sony this is far too easy this IKEA yeah
smashed it absolutely bash this outer
part all-natural Vermont's finest vermin
ahh
I don't necessarily your Campbell's so I
was going well
now I've hit a bit of a brick wall Ben
and Jerry's Oh
smashed it oh is that Nestle I think
that's Nestle what that would mean that
would make complete sense because nest
Nestle I'm gonna click Nestle correct
good food good light lifting that Burger
King
come on this is too easy McDonald's Mars
Mars really and now I don't have a clue
I mean pretty sure it's not Qatar
Airways
pretty sure it's not merrier I don't
know what John Dory is but I'm going
with that okay cool no guitar I'm really
sad now I was like on track for a
hundred percent and then I've gone and
cocked it up come on really like Nike
you should say Nike right not like it's
all about the ADI that's life style
that's LG I think don't tell me LG
stands for lucky gold star wait what I'm
really confused because I'm prep I'm
this out lucky gold no way
LG what is lucky gold star me I've never
knew that was cool with that that's
Samsung 100% that Samsung smashed it
that is that's Lego that is Lego I know
that is Lego amazing you got 11 out of
12 right I did better than 76% of people
who took this quiz are amazing so maybe
I should take part on a harder one and
see if it actually challenges me let's
face it that didn't really challenge me
to that I hope you guys like this video
so it might be a bit short and sweet but
it's still a piece of video for everyday
yeah if you did enjoy give it thumbs up
and I'll see you beautiful people
tomorrow in another video right bye
