hello beautiful sexy people welcome
welcome welcome if you're new and this
is the first time you watching my
channel hello hi my name is Marcus I
post videos every day on this channel
welcome to the vibe scribe it can you
hit that button there and turn on your
post notifications if you haven't
already videos come every day at 5:00
p.m. unless something goes wrong and
then we're running late haha but most of
the time they're 5:00 p.m. UK time
today's video Great Britain the
wonderful British land that I come from
and America the leading country in the
world I think I mean China's up there
Russia's up there UK's up there
somewhere is quite fun
technically I had China past what was
was the world's country America so China
is knocking on the door we got a fire
going on outside why I joined from the
video yeah welcome okay cut the crap
British American which does sweets and
chocolate better would you then hey what
do you think British some ways that
Americans even mean not that one from
Berkshire considering like 20 percent of
the audience is America
this could be interesting so we're going
to do car like a taste test talk about
the different snacks that are in the
countries and may be compared none of it
go from there
so I'm going to do one British snack one
American snack so what the British snack
time tiling with I'm so excited about
this because I honestly have not had
these in so freakin are literally love
them so much cheese little penguin if
you don't know what a penguin is where
have you been but everyone knows
penguins have the joke on them man
what's a penguin favourite film I've
changed clothes
frozen ah so a penguin is like a
chocolate-covered biscuit basically
smells so good no one ever used one
penguin do they used to go for like
three or four I you see
and here's what it looks like oh hello
the middle is so good we're going to be
comparing that with Reese's Peanut
comparing but just like chocolate this
is chocolate recent pieces I don't
actually think I'm hungry I've had
researchers really sad I didn't use like
peanut butter like who doesn't like
peanut butter exactly no one but now I
love peanut butter
Oh My look what you're like smarty ah
okay well I was not expecting that I've
had Reese's peanut butter cups that's on
time I'm never happy should have
compared these two smart
Smarties oh my god maybe they are
amazing oh they are unbelievable for
childhood memories I'm going with the
penguin for taste now it's gotta be
Reese's I'm sorry and you know I wasn't
I didn't want to offend anyone I was
going to say before I started filming it
that I feel like America doesn't have
that good chocolate but you do have
Reese's you know I feel like Americans
don't really have to like Americans they
really absolute like in the UK sweets is
huge that you have sweet shops you have
shopped you like I grew up eating sweet
and I think that's why the UK have such
terrible teeth compared to the American
weird sweet dish jelly babies we have
proof a stool it's all about sweet and
in America you don't have sweets really
do you let sweet shops in America and
American fact we do have if read bind
original read twisty I feel like these
are going to be very boring part they
smell like the tenders were you a sweets
or chocolate blossom see exactly that's
why we have bad teeth right oh oh
post-op medicine Jesus what is that
flavor my god on the other hand in the
UK we have jelly babies and if you
haven't had these oh my god
what's your favorite color jelly daily
slap black
we're smell like this aren't that right
why can't this be good for you I mean
it's great for your mind sure it's great
for like the three minutes that you're
consuming the whole part but it's not
good for your abs is it in all honesty
tell you now if somebody in the world
managers create tweets that they end up
being good for you and you're going to
become the richest person allowed
they're just so they're so simple that
it's just like jelly oh I love them
so I actually prefer jelly babies though
wine gums and ice off my dad if I'd get
drunk eating them wine gums with bad
boys
I was young when I knew to deliver games
on the way home you know these emails
Roundtree's fruit pastilles do you know
what I was never that keen on
Roundtree's reversals I feel like these
were like the boring ones I don't know I
used to like it sounds that I used to be
a bit disappointed when I got these in a
packet from them well it's like a hard
sugary jelly no they are my good the
very again that's awesome oh they are
very good I forgot how good it oh so now
you know exactly but when I said okay
maybe I loved it but sugar is impossible
think all of that it should I think you
know cereal like shooter Park its
interested in the time since they're
hotter traffic's so good on there I take
it back I'm sorry I'm sorry I take it
back
I mean correct me if I'm wrong Americans
what sweets have you got you know come
at me with your sweet next up we're
going to compare a couple of different
cake in the UK we have a lot of like
biscuity cake things we have jaffa cakes
we have a jammie Dodgers both of which
in red of all over here we have got I'd
never have one of these a snowball
hostess noble coconut a marshmallow
covered chocolate cake with cream
that sounds like an orgasm if I'm being
really honest same of Jaffa Kate I was
never that fast about Jaffa Cake they
even they don't smell no good either
they do have a good middle so Jaffa Cake
looks like this if you're unaware it's
like a soft
I have biscuit cake it's very bizarre
inside it's not like an orange e no not
not filling them where they glory
I mean British smash it though melissa's
you are amazing so moving on jammie
Dodgers though did you like jammie
Dodgers they remember oh my god
jeez we have a video and I had a whole
pack oh yeah how could I forget oh they
smell our there there's no option but
hoping in mmm oh my god I'm vulgar Wow
marry me baby a biscuit with jam in the
middle
sounds not not own special they are
moving on to this snowball then can I
give it a go yeah let's get this out
cause very squidgy oh my god
touch that smell I smell great here we
go
I'm not better now no I'm sure that
tastes weird not there just hast bit off
it's alright alright last two we've got
people chocolate go max shop sir
probably the biggest one of the biggest
chocolate brand new manga Hershey's eggs
and cream both Cadbury curly whirly
let's start with Hershey's I think I
love this or it just looked like you
just look at that and it just looks
amazing doesn't it that looks so amazing
that's why I actually favorite right now
AHA oh my god that is phenomenally good
Wow I'm happy with that it's going to be
hard to be curly wurly I've not had in a
long time I used to love them but they
used to frustrate me sometimes trying to
eat them because I wanted to eat them so
fast but they stick to my teeth because
it's like chocolate and inside its kind
of chewy caramel and they're just
amazing I'd also don't know if I should
say this I put the whole like crunch the
whole thing up into my mouth at one oh I
just have a big boy so dangerous I'm
going to try again now thank you
right Helen for heart pace down yeah
it's true so truly honorific a breeze
makes very good job buy them a car to
fix your kid but cakes rosewood doesn't
matter if it hurts pecks way
caramel sucking the two four days for me
Hershey's chocolate is the is the winner
in that comparison but my absolute
favorite chocolate
the lint Lindor chocolate balls do you
like them I do but I don't like how it
fails get it all in your mouth mate I
love that I - I put to it sometimes and
that wraps it up so in comparison I'm
going to stick with the UK like the I
really feel like the UK does have some
amazing it's probably biased because
I've grown up with this stuff and maybe
I'm not fully aware of all the American
stuff but I would like to know your guys
thoughts if you're from the UK from
America what your favorite chocolates
are what you think is a Suffolk tribe
and yeah let me know in the comments
give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow another one baby
