why is that people I am attempting it
Allah as rats here since then
impressions today impressions are a big
thing I'm not a big finger impressions
are more filet impressions so I thought
it'd be funny if it means just attempt
some impressions and make a fool out of
myself
I've also got a snapback ruler to
remember these I don't know why I'm
referencing that hit me we've got the
magical wheel of impressions over here I
genuinely don't have a clue what is on
this wheel a.k.a laptop a pay probably
notes in a laptop yes some notes but
that doesn't matter it's a magical wheel
that we can imagine being spun right now
and when I go BAM stops on one yeah okay
the wheel is spinning I can see the
colors flashing it's learning you're
number seven would you look at that hi
Jenna oh my gosh Kylie Jenner never seen
keeping up the Kardashians is that I'm
probably gonna get hate for that never
swear my life never seen keeping up the
Kardashians but I do follow her on
snapchat
one person apart we hoping for some
speaking Kendall Oh Kendall stop it
Kendall I just always wanted to share
more with my fans moving on the win is
spinning one two three I can see moving
and we've landed on the collide number
14 the Joker wise I was always so
serious so serious this is my knife who
comes for me tonight and says why so
serious
Oh I'm looking at the wheel is spinning
Oh number two Forrest Gump
well my mama always told me that life
was like a box of chocolates he's more
like high-pitched now isn't he a little
bit gen-i Bubba hit me in the back dogs
Joe what was it was difference between
this and a normal impression video guys
everyone else he does these impression
videos practices them and knows what
they're gonna do genuinely on the spot
have no idea what is on this list so I'm
being completely thrown under the bus
it's true that is true isn't it that is
factual right there so let me off the
hook
anyway we'll take number 19 oh it's
Margaret
I can't deso area number 12 Professor
Snape
I hope for your voice that I could
actually quite deep hurry
that way great a Lombardi impression I
didn't even know he could do that not
for preciate us Alan Partridge okay
that's all right that's my best one so
far
I want a nail Snape Harry Harry Harry
Potter
it's the Potter stop talking like this
you do it number 16 Batman where are ya
I'll take a big breath in
where is he tell me what you know this
I'm doing better than I was gonna do
number 11 shaggy the rapper
they call me mr. bombastic upon dusting
but shaggy this is so it wasn't me well
that rounds up my first ever impressions
video like I said I know I cannot do
impressions I've never claimed to be
able to do impressions
my name is not Joe Sakic but it's fun so
I'm if you want me to do more
impressions then let me know and I'll
I'll do more I'm probably gonna do
mornings it's so much fun but yeah give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed
and I'll see you next time in the video
bye
