hello top of the morning to you don't
know I'm talking like that if I'm losing
my voice adore to know what accent I'm
doing anyway today I'm sharing a
continuing the series or where I play
five of my like favorite new songs that
you might not have heard that hopefully
you ain't have heard yeah you guys love
into my music and I've got five more
songs praise so these are all from my
Spotify playlists most of these are from
my it was called new chill I've changed
hh-hi gap most of them when you chill
I've changed them to total chill to fill
that's more like by D but yeah I've got
five amazing songs played and I'm like
sorry psychopathy okay I'm gonna start
with this this is a little little bit
older but it's called about her and it's
by faz pH a Zed Zed it is like so
amazing you need good headphones or good
speakers spread rock the problem mellow
these are a lot of these of good
revising songs probably relevant if
you're going through exams and stuff yes
proper like and it just drops in a
minute
just a little bit more heartbeat such a
good song so yeah that's about her as pH
a Zed Zed alright so the next song is
kind of like proper remix it's called
number four tell by Evan s and a player
it's again really nice chill mellow but
remix here as well in fact that you to
describe guys that
the Sun coming in a minute you're
probably nine
pissed off
incredible sounds I must say okay this
is called city of the rose by all these
people of such like cool sounding names
like Tyus T y us and but it's a wee thin
remix yeah again you can find all these
almost what if I pays its total chill
the place is called so yeah they will
run there and I play now it has got a
ready
that is a city of the roads there's the
remix like I said next up we're gonna
play you found this the other day who
throws of Connor so I was with Connor
and we'll dog share at Joe's we're
hanging out the up day and it's quite
funny because like I consider myself I
call myself like a music snob so the
music that I'm sharing with you now is
what I call like music snow music
because it's I love all my pop stuff my
hip-hop all the generic genres and then
it's all this stuff which there yes but
I'm like a bit of a music snob and
Connor and Will are the same so we like
have or endure like music vibe things
going on so he was play chopper tunes
and I played corner of this and he was
just like oh so it's a flume remix now a
lot of your no floom floom is like had a
couple of popular songs recently in the
charts but this is a flume remix so it's
turning collarbones but the flume remix
it's a proper building somewhere
I really want to be able to properly
tune I mean
I like one of married flumes remix that
his sound is so specific I love it okay
and the last one I'm gonna play you
again you might have heard before is
Byam gold panda and it's called you it's
got some kind of like eastern sounding
vibes too I guess
dem proper like good road trip song
there you go that is my five favorite
new songs added to my total chill
playlist
yeah go follow my Spotify oh there's a
whole lot loader I've got a throwback
place I got pop playlists I got hit put
play this so whatever kind of music
you're into I've got it over there but
yeah I hope you enjoyed this video if
you did give it a thumbs up cuz I love
doing this music one in an Jack I would
see your beautiful face tomorrow in our
video alright that's good then bye I'm
not just gonna let the screen bye
