hello there guys and welcome back to a
trying video I have got my sauce box now
you guys obviously see me openness on
this channel before it's a side project
of mine it's healthy subscription snack
box and it's called sauce pot you guys
can get monthly healthy snacks so yeah
this one looks like you guys really
liked me going for it last time so I'm
the oh yeah not necessarily means I'm
gonna love everything you never know
there might be a cheap little surprise
but yet inside you get your menu and it
tells you what song on your menu for
today like said you get roughly about 10
snacks a month depending on what you get
and there's not usually some drinks and
then blah blah over so I'm gonna start
off with this is the first thing this
urban fruit smashing strawberries so
these are basically you can see really
he like cue dried up little strawberries
they're so sweet ingredients just the
strawberries and a dash of Apple doodle
really really good feel I could eat
these at any time and then be satisfied
if you get these honestly I probably
needs my favorite things in the box so
they're coconut chips baked coconut
chips I think we had some degree of cake
hot chips last one or two I think we had
like a different variety like a couple
months ago but these are like heaven I
don't know how they make these taste so
good that even if you a lot of people
like I don't think I like coconut I
guarantee you'll have these and her like
them oh the great alternative like
crisps I guess mat bloody love C's not
as great as well guys just thought it's
resealable so I'm not gonna kill those
now I can just reseal that okay next up
I haven't actually add this yet because
obviously I'm not gonna eat everything
in my box I haven't gone for these in my
box yet downstairs these are leafy care
crisps you guys know I love a bit of
kale vine ripened tomato and Oregon Oh
light and crispy air dried kale simply
seasoned with natural ingredients the
weights actually made guys that's what I
like about is you can you can legit tell
that scale oh wow the seasoning on that
is show yeah
personally I like kale I'm not usually a
fan of kale crisps I've had them loads
of times before when they're just like
playing or with salt and I'm not usually
a fan of them cuz
is a tomato in Oregon imme makes so much
different
another one of my face another one of my
favorite things these chicas plantain
crisps I didn't know what plantain was
until like the other day when I first
got these I thought they were just like
normal potatoes I don't know why I
thought plantain my potato cuz obviously
what we try and do is when we like
planning snacks it go in the boxes and
stuff will CH like get the snacks and
try them and stuff so I've had these
before and I thought i legit was like oh
yeah they're just potato actually banana
so who completely different so crunchy I
don't know how they make them that
country really had this the other day
this is new hangry how cool is that I
really loved their branding hangry
cranky cow hit save the day blast in
those nasty grumbles and stomach rumbles
away and one delicious chocolatey fix
that's great a little treat kind of
falls good it's like natural chocolate
jogger I want to eat rest of that fruit
oat nut and seed bar with no added sugar
the good thing with these box as well as
a lot the store lasts for a long time so
even if you're like not fasting you can
wash it in your cupboard and then when
your friends come around or you can hand
it someone else like this for example
laughs until 2017 so quite a long time
away so this is something we put in its
cool diner bite and I'm gonna be honest
the first time I tried one of these I
was like oh that's really different I'm
not used to that which I had about five
or six my cup of toast just like eating
them and they're really really good
they're like a really strange texture
because okay and it looks like it's a
hard bar but like from was off in your
mouth but the taste of it I really
really liked but it's quite a unique
taste so yeah it's good a lot of time we
get like there's a lot of niche brands
in here and then sometimes you'll see
your brand that you guys might see in
supermarkets and stuff which is great
because we like to try and have a
writing but you guys might have seen
this brand because it's quite a big
popular brand now they almost remind me
of remember fruit winders do you guys
have our fruit winders these are like an
actual an actual real-life fruit wined
and not made of like stuff there's
probably not great for you yeah you can
see it's like a proper roll this is
mango as well so it's all just literally
dried mango and
so those absolute no I was about to try
put all that in my mouth ah so good I'm
saying it's so good because mango is one
of my favorite fruits I again I haven't
had these actually so these are called
sweet virtues and they're little
chocolate truffles redoubt zingy citrus
buzz coupled with an intense flavor
nutrient dense chia seeds contribute to
these tasty power wolves yeah they're
like superfood truffles oh my god
they're good for me
I love their packaging as well oh I'm
sorry I'm getting a size like to keep
they come in the little like there's two
of them you get two bad thing but how
they come like that to keep oh wow eat
that no I like how much better that is
for you than eating a generic chocolate
truffle and it tastes so good still as
well it's like you're just winning
because you can eat and think oh yeah
this is much better for me so tastes
good makes you feel good too
I want to eat the other half but I'm
gonna be generous and give it to Matt
sometimes you also add in little packets
of things so this we got some chia seeds
basically here which you can put I'm not
gonna sit here and just sprinkle and
foul you can put these on I think I
sometimes put them in smoothies or
chuckle over porridge like you just
sprinkle it on whatever you want two
more things we got good to go
Mary Mary millet and berry fruit bites
I'm tried these either actually well
they smell really good
oh my god genuinely tastes like but I
could get that in a pic mix and again
think that's a sweet personally speaking
anyway last then we got a big old drink
in here this is matcha tea pig's drink
match powders like a superb powder it's
great for natural energy and stuff like
that perfect for on-the-go this matcha
green tea is packed full of antioxidants
and nutrients plus it's super refreshing
usually what I do when I get the drinks
and because we've done loads of
different drinks again and just chuck
them in the fridge it obviously isn't
cold so it's not up to it's not to mark
this tasting preferences but does matter
we're gonna roll with that shake drink
and pow oh yeah oh yeah yeah it's Apple
if I was out sick so appellate and then
Rose its apple flavor
I'm 100% gonna put this straight into
the fridge and drink it off this because
it's a nice day and that is everything
in this month's office I think yeah that
is everything in there
his video ends up being really long but
I just want to like get through it and
show you guys everything it's in there
because I obviously want to show it off
and tell you how great is because it's
like a healthy food and how it feels
good for you right so yeah I over gave
you like an insight to what it's like
I'll put links down there if you are
interested in signing up we ship to all
across the UK and most of Europe sorry
America and Australia as nothing I can
do right now I hope you enjoyed it give
a thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video bye bye
