hello I'm smiling like that because
today's video is a little bit strange
I'm gonna be reacting to porn now not
pornography in its in that sense if
you've seen porn most people probably
have some of you might not know what is
that's fine don't watch it till you're
there is acting involved so this is me
reacting to bad acting within that if
you're watching this and you're not
meant to be watching this anyway you
probably should know that from the title
so don't have a go in the comments just
saying right here we go let's sit I'm
quite nervous to watch this what if I
get a bit excited I'm so glad I'm so
glad that our lemon tree finally grew s
proudest lemonade fully lemony lemons to
imagine I'll make lemonade we commit
like a lemon pie lemon meringue hi I do
agree actually use this why she walking
around lemon tree Watchmen and Thanatos
you wish you're a lemon if you were 11 I
would put you on my shelf and cherish
you like I cherish all islands if you
are a lemon I would put y'all my shelf
and cherish you like I cherish all our
other lemons Hey has it been about 10
seconds since we looked at our lemon
tree it has been about 10 seconds
telemetry what the fuck oh I'm quite
intrigued as to where that went though
where did the sex come from that anyway
next on you brought my car sorry he's
acting your book my god oh so what I'm
not happy with you the only work yeah
the pan down on the shows I just like
pan down to her boobs
you are not polite to the bush oh hello
fuck you what
oh my god okay the code I can't handle
this
this is gobies guys first acting he's
ever done in his life I'm sorry bitch
bitch somebody hates to face think about
it Oh what do I have to do how can I get
away from paying that fuckin fuck okay
oh my god oh wow really I'm sorry you
you would not rely that on a plane that
you do you think top undone a hair light
everywhere that looks real hello is that
pitbull that's all there is is nothing
left that's serious wait oh damn come on
do the right thing no fat man the trogs
pitbull common want me to jump on this
airplane what is happening why is he'd
shit like bouncing so much like this
either wrong with you people
where's your humanity doesn't he go like
you love listen how many where I come
from I was he still like this don't get
wise can't see like this the fuck is
wrong how is this hole he'd watch this
Austin are you sure that's born not just
the shitty sight thing I've ever
witnessed
oh you know when it's
that music written for something special
he looks too old too old and young right
yeah which he gonna do this is this your
bag oh oh but just picturing that
happening here that's fifty pounds I've
got no money what can I do you for
oh you ask oh good
what no money yeah I literally got under
that yes like a gaga
oh let's discuss there you oh I'm
closing that video oh yeah that was a I
was interesting video wasn't it folks
hope you enjoyed it ha ha ha I'm gonna
see you tomorrow with a different video
bye
