what good song
Calvin Harris and Rihanna sound like
radio presenter goodnight and that's the
brand new one from Calvin Harris and
Rihanna good morning guys Hey
morning hi how are you I'm vlogging
today but no really so I think I might
start doing more vlogs now no I've said
this before but I might start doing more
vlogs so this is me doing more vlogs
today it is Sunday don't want a you're
watching this yet but is Sunday and I
have got my sister's coming up well my
little sister's back from America so
she's not to visit which is gonna be fun
but before they here before they come
here I have got to basically got a bit
of an emergency which is I'm going to
this super cool event in can next week
in the true few days there's one quite
last-minute and it's like a super like
cool event you need like a black to like
you need from tuxedo for any to like
look look the part I don't look the part
I don't have anything that looks the
part so I need to go and get something
that looks the part so I'm heading to
Paris and my friend Tom who is knows
everything you need to know about suits
what's good was like literally
everything so we're gonna get his
Harrods and hopefully get something and
now I've literally got like two days to
get it tailored I don't know if that's
possible or not I have zero experience
when it comes to suits because I have
one suit I mean one suit that's allowed
to yeah we only have breakfast first
we're gonna go into I think people the
good life which is amazing I'm
struggling into providing classes with
always hovering this shrinkage you guys
remember this in alfea's vlog I got this
top in America Holi its Holi old boy I'm
wearing that today so I'm in the car no
you don't mean
I've just been tweeting and someone's
have drugged your reaction to this so
that's what I'm doing I'll show you in a
minute and it is it's amazing look
Audrina
how good is that that is paintings that
someone has done so I am gonna like that
and that's in my vlog so it's the rest
of this is what tweets look like on
YouTube is fine every few seconds
there's more tweets from you guys thank
you very much buddy
good luck
not a madcap how cool is that matte
black
it was probably annoyed I'm filming this
taxi but matte black so I called Tom we
both late last night and we arranged to
wake up early and so check run away
clocks go on whatsapp see if he's been
on line spinning line to my eyes all
good then a cool amount up in the car
over just like checking into here can I
wake him up mine's like 10 minutes away
from head so it's called me now it's
probably living is asleep hello yeah I'm
good did you sleep again definitely were
yeah he wants me to order this food
because he's taking long it's just the
other shower I think he's just woken up
again anyway on to good luck I'm still
waiting for Tom so it looks like I've
got all this fish myself got granola
granola yogurt
is it a mood all the way come on boys
food is happening also I told you about
this what for this is like the best time
oh no no no no no no there's no maybe
there's two Hobbes there buddy on it is
like the most incredible thing in the
world but first on their free dance so
I'm about to go for this I was like oh
where the forks at look over here Tom's
eating granola with a fork
who eats granola with a floor I do when
you got a spoon right boy damn it a my
waffle with a spoon
you lost your first bear
is so quiet
we've just realized we're like one of
the busiest they can afford to concrete
that's nice this is so many more today
everything is open yet because I mean
super keen but Herod I look at genuine
anything is open I think people were
standing outside the doors waiting again
anomaly darling splendid no there's not
opening hours 11:30 what you fail get
gone try oh oh no I think it's shut me
so first we're looking for the shoes
because that corresponds advice find the
shoes then you can see
I just saw these shoes though and I was
like these are literally like design
across design across and they can't fit
are there's comfy as crocs it's a really
great look with the sock you think yeah
I think is a fantastic there you go
accentuate their line of yes fantastic
but I found some slippers over here
which I'm at to trial at least if it's
there like these are like slippers
alright slip ons
I'm getting over my suit okay guys we
went to one of the suits so this is the
first look got Armani jacket on I'm not
going to this because it's too skinny
Tom's running off somewhere to find
other vendors but yeah they haven't got
the trials on so it's only the top half
but something Jim laughs now I've got a
fitting right now joking
yeah it's a skinny skinny tie bow tie
and shirt but it doesn't go the jacket
is nice so you guys we're still in the
same jacket but we've got a more
traditional shirt that's far too big but
it's just yet like fit like the fit then
look you know big bowtie and we're
thinking it's looking at look at its
getting this don't say that it's
fantastic fantastic so yeah we're just
now gonna sit trials on and get a
different shadows
like 360 this is not finished so give me
boo still Ferrari mostly Ferrari get
that'll jiggle she's a great well sucks
these mate I like these socks is there a
big shout out Tom Ford
any more questions Marcus question time
now Mr Bond I expect you to die that
give us the walk Marcus give us the
walking either one yeah this is it I can
only give you the walk on the carpet so
construction soon this is the war
skinny jean Marcus is back just saying
we suit like that guys right it's gonna
be passed down through the generations
you know my grandchildren my
great-grandchildren my great great
grandchildren grandchildren and their
grandchildren in 200 years time she
engraved the name on it and everyone can
and then they had their names
yeah I did have my name my mum used to
write my name they used to so you know
Jamie shows bulimia sewed in the back
with still Andy we create we stuck that
kid have his label was backpack yeah
anyway so we've almost done I'm so happy
and then I'm eating my sister's hide he
came to meet us we've literally just had
like Tom honestly absolute lifesaver day
yeah he was yeah so helpful going with
Tom because it's late turn around to get
this soup and usually you sort of go
somewhere and you could have like weeks
to prepare and so that but I only found
out about this event recently so yeah we
had to kind of makeshift what we can get
and yeah luckily it all came together in
the answer suits being tailored and I'll
pick up Tuesday got the shoes shirt and
everything got the cufflinks
so everything is good to go now I'm with
lights and we're gonna go and meet -
we're having a roast dinner and we're
just hanging out online we're gonna kill
some films just have some good quality
sibling time
that right yeah I'm not even a film
other going for lunch you can't film in
there so probably like Revati lunch no
we just had lunch yeah how you hide all
right do you enjoy coming up to UM them
to see me do you remember this song we
went to climbing alive but this song
used to be the song that you and Dad
would put on in the car and just sing
along to it and I'd be in the back like
no I don't necessarily true yeah on the
8:27 yeah Richard you dad it was track
it was track number six on whatever
album yeah
how's the coolest guy pound I'm gonna
get used to say the wrong thing
yeah I know I did the cause do you guys
miss I'll hear an Irish band about
family for it's quite old why do you
still sing go go on leave me Bradley
nobody's that waste Howard she's still
always thing oh here she is oh yeah she
is so Sunday's back home here she is
it's Tasha Tasha Butler everyone who had
roast chicken there's way too much those
are made
put my friend Josh actually coming back
there we go lovely also it's gonna flop
down again you need to give everything
all of us she's wearing my brand hey we
are guys yeah and then we're just gonna
go back then we're going to film and
then we can hang out and watch films so
what a great Sunday so we are back home
just finished filming main Channel video
which is going to be our I don't know
when I don't know when I'm uploading
this yet so I don't know when you guys
gonna say this but it's gonna be out
soon and it was never have I ever
and I think it's really funny it's funny
ya know did you think it was funny yeah
it's nice not having stuff smacked and
yeah yeah that's true usually when we do
stuff like I'm always like cool guys so
rest of the day right now the next
drover that was the personnel for that
flower video when we put a button in hey
what a great view from that there was a
button wasn't the chocolate buttons in
flower it was like you asked a question
so how old was I when I drew this
picture oh if you got it wrong you had
to get the button out right what's
cheaper challenge the cream cream joy
really no creams always the worst
but anyway nose knowing that today's
video is really fun and now we are gonna
we get to sit parent crap on yeah we're
gonna put parent cap on and just hang
out for a bit
so parent rap is like my childhood film
that we all watch on we've got brownies
yes I forgot well you just going
throughout the bag oh yeah straight out
the bag
will whack those on plates we've got
some smoothies here oh that one's Danish
pulling over mine etosha smoothie so
we're gonna have them Oh cheat Dave
Marcus isn't that
G day for them Oh Joe Coleman paid how
much we enjoyed hair crap it's alright
when you need to reevaluate your life a
little bit
I've just realized how much I look like
Justin Bieber I've got camo Chows on
which it accompanies things in the world
I've got a vest on
and I've got ripped hoodie on from
criminal damage and my good old alias
hats but it's just comfortable you know
just come to Alona I'm vlogging in my
sister's bathroom don't I one doing that
I dropped Heidi at the station and then
folks a will trim touchback time so yeah
that's nice peace out all right hmm
Brooke can take a pout like me Oh howdy
Daphne oh that's from me
Tosh's represent also the shoes wait
what no your your shoes that you're
wearing now yeah who chose those oh look
at them guys how cool are they where
they from River Island yeah I chose them
I'm good to go shopping with honor
yeah apparently I'm worried shopping
buddy but yeah okay I'm gonna go now
leave me alone I got this do you think
you got this I'll show Tom this most
addicting art he literally thinks he's
got it he can't get it for me it's the
last level I played it once all right
give me free compare I just completed as
though didn't I yeah you did you're a
champion I just wanna know what you're
doing your free time right so tap with
your right I can hold left holding it
well let me just roll it now like old
left with a Tartar oh wait wait for it
tap it to the half tap it and then hold
hold keep our union had it right you've
got this you go threatening attack hold
BAM hold hold and then yeah see see then
you got an X on the tackle
oh this is ridiculous
someone just get me flappy see her happy
birds come out again hasn't it
dude flame that is the one I own that
gun do any other games near there
earlier no I'm just going over games I'm
like yeah I got stack and he's like yo
mouse ma shoe that my high school is 110
he can't get more than 20 right now
may I got this all day watch look high
score 1819 all summer six Iraq and your
struggle to get 60 well definitely
struggle to get things that you're
dropping out 45 min no cuz this regular
dropping us advice
you're definitely dropping out 45 I
don't want to play pool I'm back home
finally it is actually quite late
service Here I am what I do
I yeah dropped cash back and then
outside driving home home call me so you
just finish work and I was literally
round the corner from where you'd
finished just went to pick him up then I
said I might as well drop me home like
drop my sister station drop my sister
home yes and now it's just hanging a
tompa bit and it's now there's 20 plus
12 now usually on a weeknight a week I
on a school night on a Sunday night I
tried to be in bed for something around
me before I drove in bed and sleep just
before 12 because I like to wake up
early so tomorrow I'm going to the gym
before I start working so that's what
man smoked anyway I really hope you guys
have enjoyed me blogging today
I've really enjoyed going there feel
like I've logged a lot today somewhere
out on the video is gonna be I've really
really really enjoyed it it's been so
much fun and maybe I'll started anymore
so if you want me to do more vlogs give
the video a thumbs up and I will see you
with another video tomorrow
alright see you later guys
