I hope you're having an awesome Sunday
so I came across across across by
Jonathan Watts I came across this quiz
on we the unicorns cooled who wrapped it
Marcus Butler or Carney bet West I did I
didn't a genuine India on purpose I
don't that's because you say it so much
you would think I would hopefully get a
hundred percent on this but let's put it
to the test when you meet me in person
what do you feel like I know I know I
look better in real life was Kanye West
money money money
that could easily be Kanye but that's
obviously me
money money money the troupe is some two
famous now I can't be seen obviously
made over there again that is I took
inspiration of that from Kearney cause
that's definitely saying Kanye would say
the plan was to drink until the pain
over but what's worse the pain or the
hangover that has got very English let's
hear yours plan was to drink into the
pain of once worst pain I knew fit
Marcus and put on it but kicking finger
click and leather slapping hand clapping
hit bumping music thumping hit knee
Hitchin here then toe for scuffing Lake
shuffling big grin and body spinning
romping stomping pumping Jarvis island
granite here we go it's Lee that's four
Elevens from steps isn't it here we go
my boot spin baby is driving me crazy
guy exception further wasn't a dance all
day my Romeo Romeo how he got from head
to toe gonna make your nanny
I'm gonna meet you mang and getting that
five six seven eight I'm so but the game
it's like you're watching Star Trek
Marcus Butler on that couldn't afford
the costs will she neighbor daughter
Alexis
I was American was it yeah I couldn't
afford the car so she neighbor daughter
Alexis I knew that was like New York
sound cried very drama be like couldn't
afford the car so she named the daughter
Alexis that's crying good enough for the
car so she named her daughter Alexis was
like right was that what is wrong with
you
carne only take showers if it's Fiji
water me that is why she did living in
the future so to present is my past my
presence is a present ever forever ever
ever ever ever ever
I know best diamonds to the like I
forgot to turn the light on
I'm sorry the lights gonna stay off by
more the light that you need
I could have free starred that everyone
I'm not only like that you need indeed
come to me for a brand new key and you
will see I've got a dad you need a rap
all fuckin year not just Christmas
season and subscribers
congratulations you got 11 out of 11
I wanted to freestyle again
eight more because that is like yo I
just got a lemon out of 11th don't trust
me you'll see me at 7-eleven when we go
to LA get out the way driving down the
road yeah that's the reason why I messed
up on that as you yeah yeah right your
turn okay
you didn't make one thing that rhymes
anyway now eleven I'm pretty sure
everyone else playing this would get 11
out of 11 but hope you enjoyed give the
video a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video bye
