yo where's our people welcome to my
kitchen
try something a little different today
you guys know obviously when it's my
healthy foods and life stuff so I
thought I'd maybe steer this video and
maybe turn into a little series gonna be
a little come dine with me
so it's lunchtime so I'm gonna show you
how to make a nice healthy lunch I'm
gonna make salmon with some brown rice
and some nice broccoli but they all have
like little you know put my own ways of
doing them so starting look at the right
is rice takes it I use brown rice brown
rice takes about 40 minutes so we're
gonna start that this is short grain
brown rice now short grain brown rice it
actually takes a little bit longer than
long grain brown rice we are not because
my pants take ages to eat so I always
like this thing on my hand I can don't
do this this isn't we should do but I
like to feel it like warmer so my
fingers are on the bottom that is that
why you never have the heezy on
oh yeah see now now a bit hot so I'll
take my fingers away and wash my hands
now always wash your hands before we
start cooking I usually start with
double the double the rice because it's
better to have less water in there and
then top it up rather than have too much
water then it's boiling we whack it down
to low heat and we just let that simmer
away for like between 30 and 40 minutes
I know how long it takes some people
like to put a lid on theirs I prefer a
lid off a little bit of salt just a tiny
enough sprinkling I might off a pair or
the other stuff so for the salmon I'm
gonna create like my own little rough
for it and then I'll start doing it
properly because the property does take
a while being to turn the oven on it's
good to do that
the massive mums the broth of it boys
roots your veggie never ends at the
cheeky caterpillar float in the mouth
rinse that tree Brian's head right so
basically well into this broccoli is I'm
just gonna cut off the bottom bit and
then I just want all the Florence though
I just kind of like work my way around
it but what you're gonna do guys
all of this broccoli into the pan this
broccoli I'm doing is like improvised
but it's like garlic chili lemony
parmesan e broccoli it's honestly
amazing this is what I cooked by the way
for when I had Jim on your mouse around
if any of you guys saw his blog you can
actually cook with extra virgin olive
oil a lot of people don't but you can I
do so we can put it over the top up can
you get your garlic crush your garlic in
you can chop garlic if you want I
personally just find much easier to do
that I'm also getting chili flakes so
I've got freshly painted it quite like
spicy food so I put quite a lot that in
there and you get some salt on that the
hot lemon juice some of that in there
get this in first mix it all in to make
sure all the broccoli gets covered in
your seasoning of chili and garlic
broccoli on about 200 degrees for about
20 to 25 minutes so when the brothy
comes out you get the zest of a lemon
and you cover us on the broccoli in a
zest of lemon so I'm just gonna do that
now what we wait I use one lemon for
this you can use half a lemon but seeing
as we're gonna be using the whole lemon
we might as well use the most of it be a
salmon you know need I never know what
school these things of pestle and water
or whatever they're called we're gonna
get some rock salt put some rock salt in
there coriander seeds go great on fish
bunch of lemon that it's a ducky of
rosemary in there what are you doing
whack them in get you cruncher and just
it's mainly for the coriander seeds at
me punching down that will do that's
ready to cover our salmon we got pan I'm
gonna put a little bit extra virgin
olive oil in there off heat up what we
do this do the old rub on
get this back out so what we do extra
virgin olive oil again over the fish
roll that around so it covers all of
that and same with this one get the rub
and rub a dub-dub make sure you cover it
all I would say they are pretty well rub
now in washing your hands and then we're
gonna cook on four so I'm checking the
broccoli guys it's been in for about 12
minutes now now I'm just going to chuck
in a bunch of pine nuts bring all those
over there is only seven minutes left or
so so I'm gonna put it back in and just
keep an eye on out so with some of them
I'm speaking as if I'm a chef by the way
so correct me on all these things but
it's just how I do I've always been told
you cook the skin first so lay it down
on its skin side it's hard because of
the sizing of these Salmons
don't pull over on me cool so we're
gonna leave them there for about three
to five minutes on and then spin them on
to the other side
the last thing we're gonna do is just
great bit parmesan which then goes
across the top of it nicely crop these
just come out so what you do is get your
happy lemon squeeze your fresh lemon
over the top of that so here we've got
lemon zest
so get your lemon zest sprinkle that
over the top and then finally get some
parmesan mature grey third and just
sprinkle that over the top as well and
that will melt on the top there I yeah
you can see you guys the rice is the
water now practically all gone you don't
want to get cooking so I'll turn that
off we switch to the iPhone because
camera batteries died
presentation skills aren't my forte so
you don't judge my matter I don't care
what you think so I'm gonna serve salmon
on the top
dilemma over the salmon and then finish
understand put the broccoli and here we
are we are going to have a little taste
I'm gonna get some broccoli first going
to try a little bit of a salmon
something something rice Wow so there we
have my lunch yeah if you guys enjoyed
this one see more make sure to give it
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
video all right
ask a second opinion on that meal please
it tastes as good as it looks brilliant
thank you ever so much for that enjoy
the rest of your meal goodbye
