a little bit zombie that makes that is
reference for this video paintings on
whatsapp my iPhone's to today we're
seeing if i'm addicted to whatsapp i use
whatsapp a lot i feel that in the last
two years what happens become this thing
that it's like I feel like it's the
modern msn do you guys used to have msn
or maybe even facebook chat for some of
you watching this but msn used to be the
thing that you'd get home from school
and you chat or your friends on and you
just sit there literally online like all
day I feel like whatsapp has kind of
replaced that in today's society and I
don't think I can live without whatsapp
when someone texts me now when i get a
text message oh we're going to look at a
bit discussed on like can you just use
what's up please but that's just me but
i don't know if that's you as well so
let's find out if i'm officially to
what's that basically Howard it did to
whatsapp are you how many times a day do
you check what's up on your phone when I
get a new message two times a minute on
reflex when I'm waiting on a reply at
least a couple of times a day if there
are too many unread messages honestly
not to two times a minute's a big stream
at least a couple of times a day know if
there are too many unread messages
either that when I'm waiting on a reply
I know that what do you do watch you're
waiting on a reply I keep clicking the
other person's picture Laurel I don't
wait for prize I checked my phone every
few minutes oh I'll check it when it's
time to check it I checked my phone
every few minutes do you still use old
school texts do you still actually use
old school text messaging yeah all the
time only when I have no internet what's
the tags literally what's the text that
is me what is it x how many groups are
you an admin off oh let me have a little
look well I've really pissed off the
other day what's that just stopped
working on my phone so I was like oh
just down oddly mr installer lost all my
chat history so cool I'd Sam admin and
two group chats I think I'm gonna just
one or two do you ever use whatsapp web
what in the fresh had hair is literally
always online on
only one on my laptop heard of it never
use it well maybe I'm not going to be
that addicted to it were your first
thoughts on being added to a new group
who else is on this esteemed group let's
delete this right after the purposes
serve not another god damn group that's
kind of how I feel think of something
funny think of something funny muting
immediately not another good down group
that's what I'm good ever what's that
called someone while you're trying to
check their display picture all my odd
literally all the time like most awkward
thing and whatsapp cool is so instantly
you click n attack boom boom bring and
then they just yeah right there I'm all
about the what's that cool though but
it's just so much clearer ever ask
someone to their Wi-Fi password just so
you could use whatsapp ways yeah
literally I was in I went clubbing with
my mate zero day in london and the club
was like underground and they had signal
and i didn't have signal and we were
waiting for more people to come and
rather than me walking up the stairs to
get signal and back down to like you
check my phone I was like guys can you
both hotspot your phones for me just so
I can whatsapp people and leave it on
for the whole night thanks have you
disabled your read receipts nah see it
annoys me when people have that like I'm
not I'm not the person to hide that like
if I've read your message and I haven't
replied it it's most likely for a reason
but I'm not going to try and hide that
reason so have you ever starred a
message on whatsapp I start a message
know how often do you change your
display picture this is the other thing
some people who I speak tom what's that
literally change their picture like five
times a day that I'm not even joking
like five times a day that's a bit
that's a bit much I might go for like
once a week or something is that an
option on here just once every few
months I haven't changed it in ages I
don't even think I don't even think have
it display picture multiple times in a
week sometimes in debt only money at
Sigma hung pictures earlier at what
point will you mute a group oh my god
when I see 2550 measurement moment I'm
added to the new group to be honest when
I need to get some sleep to be honest
when I see 2452 unread messages to the
group but that's going to make me seem
is what's that I'll go of that that
could be the decider in there and Lahti
which of these apps has the best
messaging interface on phone what's up a
hundred percent hmm you got seventy-six
percent addicted to whatsapp you're
quite addicted to whatsapp want you
definitely use it on the daily and
you're part of one too many groups for
your liking if you find yourself open in
whatsapp for no reason take a society no
I'm going to defend that because
sometimes you're like mmm this person's
reply I just want to see how they has my
message being delivered have they read
it you've just got those worrying issues
in life that need to be seen if
someone's may be in trouble if they
haven't been online for a while me and
my friend move my friend literally know
what each other's like how each other's
nights have gone based on when their
last online so when we catch up will be
like oh dude saw your last online at 2am
so does that like you know were you out
for dinner oh yeah club there and we
kind of know that if we had a late night
based on that so that's sad that's
really sad isn't it I'm sorry are you
guys with me on this or am I an addict
it in this on my own I'm really hoping
some of your gonna be with me on this
right I you guys enjoyed this video I'll
see you tomorrow with another video give
a thumbs up if did love you guys bye
