hi hello love go ahead got a package
what's in my package remember you guys I
told you guys I have this like box then
that I get every month and it sends me
treats from around the world to try this
ones treats come true from Brazil the
largest country in South America so in
Brazil I feel like one I've never been
to Brazil I've never been South America
is like a destiny destiny a destination
that I want to go to I just want to go
the Olympics that are the Olympics this
year
 the Olympics of this year and there
in Brazil that gives me a great reason
to go
maybe I should maybe I should do that
all right here we go first up we've got
rocky Dodds
my Spanish accents good I say Spanish
that's probably Portuguese because in
Brazil isn't it mainly Portuguese and
then Spanish the word present o means
ham in Portuguese and present or conch
in us a hand flavored corn chips in the
form of a shell interesting okay I get
it so they're like little so ham shells
here we go that's where looks like I'll
just realize that oh wow
that's so good no if I say ham it's more
it's more bacon they are really good
though what on earth is this some of the
bells so dream walls is popular
Brazilian bonbon candies covered in
chocolate and it's made from chocolate
with cashew nut filling oh I mean it
looks a bit moldy around the sides but
hey we're gonna have a bite oh that's
really good that's really good
oh my that's so good it's a bit like a
um you know Ferrero Rocher that's what
it's a bit like but it it's cashews
rather than flipping hazelnuts so I'm a
hundred percent all about that lifestyle
cashews over what kanays or nuts all day
mate
I'm not entirely sure on this banana
Enya crema sir
bana Nini a parabola is a candy bar made
from a banana funny that Brazil produces
ten percent of the world's bananas what
the
it's made from all natural ingredients
it contains no preservatives and it's
safe for vegans to eat it is safe you're
not going to die if you eat this that's
not the color you'd think a sweet from a
banana would be is it is it like a gone
off banana it tastes like a gone off
banana as well
but it doesn't even really taste that
banana well that's weird it has that
gone off banana taste but it also tastes
a bit like licorice next up we've got
pipoca Vava Zini bhava Xenia ingredients
corn and sugar fantastic my my two
favorite things
if popgasa Vava Xenia sweet granny
popcorn are one of the most famous sweet
popcorn in Brazil they're sweet and
crunchy and taste they also happen to be
gluten free that is not popcorn I have
never seen one like that what the hell
I'm not sure about this I don't even
know if you guys can like see the detail
on that oh oh my actual god try that
tell me if that is not a giant sugar
puff then it's little sugar pop eyes you
guys know sugar pups right that that is
giant sugar buffs just there's a packet
of biscuits
haha is from Nestle but it's Pat's at
them Bob passive tempos are cookies with
milk chocolate filling each cookie is
engraved with the photo of an animal
mascot as temperatures are extremely
popular line of cookies in Brazil
especially amongst children look that is
quite cool actually like face of a
monkey at em if you can see that Brazil
can we how cool is Neymar and how it
name was younger than me
that's ridiculous here we go oh oh oh'
why it's good when it like all mixes the
air it becomes really good first I
wasn't too sure on that then I crunched
mix the ever I liked that a lot
I am very impressed with Brazilian food
like I liked everything even the banana
thing that was like miss bit weird I
still kind of liked it so well done
Brazil this gives me more of a reason to
go to your country right totally need to
come to your your contr eh yeah I hope
you guys like these trying videos from
around the world give the video a thumbs
up if you did and I will see you
tomorrow with another video peace out
city lovers Warner I'm doing bye
