I don't really know what the fuck I'm
about to watch
it's called 2010 Illinois State Fair
hog-calling contest now I literally have
no idea what this is it's got a million
and a half views yeah it is like some
fucking weird shit so I'm gonna put
headphones on you guys
so that reading people's names out the
Flexi same piggy fault why is he got
corn on his head
look at those sunglasses and everyone's
cheering why is this going audience it
sounds like a pigs being slaughtered but
is this where they cool their pigs in
and they're like come on piggy come in
here piggy this is weird okay we'll see
buddy Zuzu
it's like this is like the rozelle of
beatboxing but for pigs I am so confused
as to what I'm watching right now and
then what everyone applause and they're
like yeah thanks man thank you so much
for that
whoo sue why is everyone sharing - she
is a scary motherfucker what is going on
alright she's gone on for quite some
time
I want to go to this I want to be a part
of this I'm gonna do mine one at the end
of it
look how many people are there well done
Kyle okay
Rahzel the beatbox with four pigs bottom
buddy I have actually won the Iowa State
Fair three times reigning absolute bula
reigning champ idea what you get for
winning maybe we get some competitions
you get like a pig or some this is the
part of America that I want to go to
I've been to America a lot of time this
is the America that you don't see like
this sounds like there's a thing where
fairs that you go to and do strange but
interesting talents just studied it and
watch people and study did cooling or
pit cooling is the art of making cool to
encourage pigs to approach the cooler
the skill is mainly used by pig farmers
what the hell like that is an actual
thing Coop's grunting may be used to
compensate I would love to see that
happen like a farmer in America the
middle of America letting his pigs eat
and he's just standing behind them like
whoa how's that that's mine oh my throat
it is all do the nose thing he was like
that is a weirdest thing I've ever
watched Oh mad respect for you hot cool
is out there give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with a much less Piggy video
I'm just gonna go that's what I'm gonna
be right see you tomorrow bye
