hello ello ello ello it is a very sunny
day you can see the room is lit
fantastically fruit from the Sun is also
absolutely boiling in my house today I'm
taking part in a quiz and that quiz is
what year did these youtubers post their
first video all that fangirling is
finally paid off I watch a lot of
YouTube so I'm hoping I'm going to be
quite good at it oh look who's little
faces it's this is quite a new quiz
because that's a new picture of me look
at me out happy I am that was a premier
somewhere Marcus Butler mashup I got
this one wrong 2010 boom it would be a
bit embarrassing Shane oh my god Shane's
hair looks really short there Shane I
thing he was either 2007 or 2008 I think
he 2007 sake that's really pissed
me off because I'm a big shame fan dan
how done as well I was a massive Dan fan
oh definitely 2009 because I flew it was
earlier than that it's a hundred percent
2009 yeah Tyler Oakley now tighter has
been on YouTube a long long shot I think
Tyler's like 2006 I think I'm going
dozen 6mon dembow are mine I need to
think that it's a little bit more Troy
Oh Troy this is hot because I think Troy
site being like a youtuber around 2010
bar I also think he uploaded one of his
first-ever videos of him singing like to
YouTube years before that unknown 2008
oh wow 2007 charlie is so cool like okay
I've got to get I've got to get this he
was like one the first week I love
watching 2007 yes to Charlie was post in
three years before i got on youtube
that's mental Zoe I'm pretty sure Zoe
was 2009 yes all right were our jenna
Marbles as well she's either 2009-2010
buying thousand nine ah you dick that's
Jenna mob will start posting the same
time as me
and she is like Queen how insane is that
Ryan Higa now he is definitely 2006
definitely 2006 hello darkness my old
friend I'm not doing very well on this
at all I think I've got under fifty
percent that's quite embarrassing
PewDiePie now I do know this he started
posting in 2010 yes now I know that
exerciser can the other day and I was
like he started posting the same time as
me and his channels massive like how
insane is that that he hasn't even been
going that long and he's so far ahead
other than anyone else that's why he's
got isn't hey he was literally the god
of YouTube especially was beard right
now is go should I try and rocker
PewDiePie beard Jeff I could pull that
off no hot still can't grow my beard
here so you got five out of ten right
not bad but still room for improvement
I'm quite upset with that to be honest I
wanted to do I did want to do better
than that hey there we go look at that
coin I checked nigahiga is Wikipedia and
he posted his first video in 2006 this
says he made his first video in 2007 see
that's why I should have 6 out of 10
yeah i'm i'm agreeing with that i'm sure
you guys probably knew more than me i
did think i do bad but hey doesn't
matter still still took part and that's
what counts right give this video thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow another video I'm so freaking
hot bye
