hello we are back going through my old
videos so last time we watched pigs burn
up in terrorism experiments this other
video this is this actually did quite
well for my channel then it's called ten
impossible things you can't do and it's
got 30,000 views same again honestly I
don't know the last time I watch this
who knows
oh I think I know what this is as you
guys can see I Eve stop this post in my
room accord like things things to do and
it was like a bucket list of things to
do and it was ranging from like going
skies having a three so like all these
brown things that you know when you're
young I thought it'd be really cool to
have my room and take things off hello
Oh schedule how is the attorney Oh tea
big sweets and more subscribers to my
green if I get 5,000 subscribers I'll
promise to shave my hair quite a big
thing because I promise if I get 5,000
subscribers I'll shave my hair how
desperate was I if I get 10,000
subscribers Oh shave one of my um no I
can't believe I legit said I will shave
an eyebrow for 10,000 subscribers those
things happen I will keep my word well
I'm obviously a liar because I didn't
shave my head or shave my eyebrows okay
what a liar
was I not thinking like was I in my room
now I'll never get 10,000 subscribers
that would be funny to pretend to do
that oh yeah camera drops yeah keep that
bit in well I don't pop ten things you
well you and me can't do ten most
eloquent eyebrow done and done just seen
but the light is not on the magic my
pies I'm sorry
right sorry about that where were we I
think well yeah I can raise an eyebrow
can you your elbow lick your elbow I
still can't do that Oh
Kaname is in field League it's something
that there was this kid at school that
used to be able to do it you just
leaking is where you like yeah and you
can squirt water like from out under
your thumb because you accidentally do
it sometimes you'll be talking and they
never just go look and you'll spit on
someone what was that what was that
random picture why I got that picture of
me there what's going on there put your
nose I really try and do that aren't you
saying I've got quite a small tone don't
get that close I can't do an hour I'm
straight tongue so any tongue trick I
can do is though did I say I'm swag at
this did I actually just say I'm swag at
this I'm swag at this I actually said so
I'm swag at this swags Mattamy cool
tongue trick I can do is that woman I'm
actually going to get everyone I know to
subscribe just to see you shave your
head Thanks although that's true no
coins you can tickle the top of your
mouth with your tongue that is so true I
just did it this video is kind of boring
but although it's shallow of me to say
you're incredibly attractive face and
accident kept me watching number five
you used your finger dumbass you should
really put your time to useful things
and that Cookie Monster sweatshirt okay
grow up man at least I used to get
really nice comments Wow yeah there's
another one of my old cringy videos so
hope you like to give it a thumbs up if
you did and I'll see you tomorrow with
another one all right
see you later bye
