hey that was so loud and aggressive
today I tweeted earlier actually saying
hey guys what do you want to see me do
sorry about my hair but it's literally
like I tweeted saying what do you want
to see me do and lo do you were like
react to YouTube boy band and I was like
you know that's such a good idea because
that watched the video in I don't know
how long a long long time why not react
to it together oh my god
nine point seven million views that's
mental and that wasn't on any of our
channels as wasn't sports release
channel just give you those out of this
in case you don't remember the YouTube
boy band was like this fun little thing
we did on my channel when we were in
Dubai the four of us me Casper no me Joe
Alfie Jim just messin about me and Joe
was Saturday doing a table like scene to
each other and then I was like oh my god
this we find a video guys Alfie and Jim
would you be up for just like singing a
messed about in a video in my room
everyone was like yeah cool let's go do
it
we'd had a couple of drinks I think then
we filmed that in my room went down
really well well we have to include
Casper in this so then we did a pot two
with Casper and we work with sports
relieve and created the single all in
aid for charity and that's what it was
like it's amazing when you think about
it so cool and yes we did actually sing
the song but none of us can sing other
than Joe so yeah here we go
this was so much fun watch the back door
Liggins by the YouTube boy pad sports
relief 2014 did-did-did addictive man
out feeling the bite this was so much
fun
that's what this was nuts because it was
a problem use video they had a massive
crew and set and it's about you
we did this to kind of take the piss out
of stearic we wanted to be like so
stereotypical like parodying but boy
bands and that's why we're in like white
and we're doing cringy shots it's I
think I I don't know if I remember the
lot
it's all about you yesterday you asked
me something are you new
so I told you with a smile it's all
about you
I like cringe lowing I think I didn't
sound too bad now I know I'm not the
greatest singer I know that I would
happily take that I think that sounds
all right kind of hitting the note was I
cats for those two reasons the funny
fire that's meant we were like a cop in
one direction earlier could kiss you up
on that Jim was a right hmm realized
under similar we could kind of monotone
hit that note oh this is a dog I
remember this bumper plant step forward
oh I remember I was dance captain and
it's something I'm very proud of so we
actually went to a couple of dance
lessons at pineapple studios in London
for that the woman that was teaching us
saw that I had the best rhythm just
saying and she made me dance captain
just say him and then I like pushed over
there ah yeah monkey but but on the
tracks but really yeah so it's all about
me and about you it was good to beat his
face kangaroo shampoo Pikachu tricking
stroke she honestly that hurts so much
so that was a rugby player they brought
in an England rugby player I can
remember the little league team he
played for I want to say it was
Harlequins or wasps one of those two I
think is wasps and he was
massive like literally matter and we
were got to meet him and he was not up
for the battle we were all like heard
it's gonna be fun isn't it you telling
me in here is just like yeah I was like
huh you know gonna decide are you know
that that in the video was the first
take so I didn't know when he was coming
and consumed i legit got like whiplash
from it because how it was I was like
facing here he came from right round the
side so I literally didn't see him so I
didn't know when I was going to get hit
and then he just took me out
you know you can same guy
let's say three words like you used to
do
you can't see it but we had like a
massive wind blow on us there none of us
had long hair and that also has twice
moving about
cats for the 600 this was the best bill
so we did that because back to the first
video we smashed Jim in the face of
pillows on a Monday - our song wrecking
ball so we're like let's recreate out
but actually smash pillows with feathers
and it was so much fun
I got job in the face good there
and that's it I remember when we went in
studio I can't remember who recorded
first but the guy who was like the
engineer was just like yeah everyone's
just going mental again so just do it
and that's my bit as the video goes that
in case you couldn't tell but that was
that was the YouTube boy band and that
was a single reader charity that was so
much fun doing that and I kind of missed
the YouTube boy band you know do you
know how many people that's cool that's
got nearly half a million thumbs up
that's mental that's littering mental
but do you know how many people say at
meetups and like a playlist and wherever
I go they're like your kin like YouTube
boy band reunited do another song and
all this stuff and I'm like yeah I want
that to happen but like I want there to
be a reunion do you guys want there to
be a reunion I'll tell you what if you
guys want a YouTube boy band reunion
give the video a thumbs up
that's and see what happens I don't know
or if we did a reunion with that spoiler
but that'd ruin what we've what we've
created I don't know but I wanted it is
fun but yeah anyway hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
to give a big thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow
