hello and welcome back to our swarthy
fan fiction series that we are on number
three now and Allisyn psychiatrist has
got a thing for Marcus we think Marcus
has got a thing for Allison they had a
little day round London she thinks
they're in love let's find out what's
about to happen
I wasn't truly sure how to feel or act
towards markers though psychiatry 101 is
to be completely honest with yourself
and to allow your true feelings to come
forth in the afternoon when Marcus had
his appointment I decided to remain
where we were and remind him that we are
indeed not allowed to be in any kind of
relationship I had those jitters that I
always got when my crush was around I
could hear Marx's voice from the office
and it's adorable laughs as it is his
usual banter of Lindsey the receptionist
at the front desk
your Lindsey the call Marcus full of the
Bands haha hello Marcus you can sit
wherever you like Marcus the weekend was
pleasant but that could still be risky
considering the current condition of our
relationship stop being so boring answer
but we didn't do anything inappropriate
you simply walked around London with a
tour guide and that is all you were
never a rule breaker in school were you
not really I didn't want to risk my
chance of getting in trouble because it
could have cost my chances of getting
into a good school
right I can tell look this is your
session how the past few days has just
Hey are you busy this Saturday night
what does that are you busy this
Saturday night no I'm not Marcus but
this Saturday is newsy venue probably
have plans I do
course he does like me working on that
boxing David actually even though we
wouldn't and shouldn't be seeing each
other I was still disappointed at the
fact he had plans
hache a few of my friends and I are
hanging out a big group of us drew will
be there if anybody asks that is
work-related you can just say that he
invited you Marcus that is very kind but
right so I'll see you at Drew's at 8:00
whoa look at the times it seems like my
session is up I'll see you on Saturday
doctor if I was paying for these
sessions I'd be bloody pissed up like
2-minute session literally two minutes
action I shook my head but I guess if I
was invited by drew it was okay on
Saturday I showed up at Drew's and
papers were already packed with people
and many were already completely
obliterated I was wearing a silver
sequin dress that was snuggle my body
and really shows showed off my curves
all right Alison and I was wearing black
pantyhose as a contrast what what does
that mean underwear
maybe it's leggings and we're just the
hit
but yes I think his leggings that
because she said as a contrast along
with my black suede heels we don't have
very vines Marcus was in the back
talking some of his friends whom I
recognized from meeting before and his
gaze automatically shifted from them to
me hey hey ho I'm glad you made it yeah
he was getting worried that you weren't
going to show up said Jack but Marcus
playfully hit him down you get down jack
Jack took him
as did the rest of the guys and they all
drifted off into different parts of the
pie what bullet like a girl walks over a
Marx's just like mates see ya this is my
girl Oh give me some space you look
stunning tonight Thanks you do as well
ha ha he chuckled at how awkward like
this big by 11:00 the party was old by
11:00 leading up to this kiss the party
was in full swing people were dancing
getting drunk bottles and glasses of
breaking right Alex and I were just
watching the party he began to
understand the whole concept of people
watching it's not hard it's not who's
you never heard of fever watching and
then he leaned in and whispered in my
ear on account of it Wow like in LA
Marcus took me up the stairway all the
way to the top floor and then opened a
window from there
why are you do just trust me we went out
onto the fire escape and he held my hand
on the way up to the roof even though
there was a sign that clearly said
citizens that trespass to the roof will
be executed execute not living in like
the limit 1,800 oh she says that we went
up onto the roof I saw the most amazing
view of London now I know you won't want
to break rules or anything but I
couldn't let you go into the new year
without seeing this view of London I'm
actually kind of okay with this one I
thought you would be
I can feel Marx his eyes on me once
again and I looked at him this time
straight into his beautiful eyes
he looked at me smiled then leaned in
for one of the best moments of my life
we kissed for what felt like an eternity
we moved even closer to each other at
this point me wrapping my arms around
his neck
his hands moving on to my waist pushing
me hard against his body all of those
weeks all of those pent-up feelings and
cravings have now been satisfied our
lips moving perfectly in sync
Marcus held on to me for the rest of the
night me leaning into his strong arms
when the countdown to the news began
Marcus pulled me even closer and he
kissed me once again on my lips and
pulled away and said happy new year oh
the next morning I woke up in Marx's
arms and it was absolutely perfect he
was asleep but his grip on me was still
tight and firm very protective I stayed
in his arms not bothering to wake him
even though as freezing was clearly
begging to have a cold
Oh beginning tone since we fell asleep
on the roof that night couldn't help
burn my future's while he was sleeping
his jawline was perfection nose was
adorable and its hair it was tousled and
messy making him look childish now more
than ever before and those are just a
few of the reasons why I love him love
already yes I admit it I love him he was
always so open and honest hilarious yet
very trustworthy and he's like no other
guy in that not even Brendan and Brendan
was the only guy I ever considered being
the one within a few minutes of me
watching him find that creep Peter don't
watch me sleep people people watching
again I see yeah how you want to go
somewhere to get breakfast yeah sure
what did you have in mind I don't know
somewhere with fad breakfast items what
was old school Marcus if you're wheat I
said yeah was strong he began to laugh -
hahaha is that that makes me happy to be
able to have pointless banters with
someone that I slept on the roof the
whole night yeah nathas how are they not
executed shit you want some sweats in a
t-shirt if you have any that would be
great
he was still driving his car -
redirected me in the back seat there are
a few pairs of t-shirts and sweatpants
is she all the ladies just
there's some clothes if you want
somebody that I used to know by Gautier
we sat in the car quietly and listen to
the song he began to sing horribly to it
and it was so funny I joined in the near
end of the song
somebody marks and I was singing to that
pie in hysterics until we were turning
and mania had the in section was still
going straight gunning it going so fast
it seemed like he was competing in a
NASCAR race and smashed right into
Marx's car leaving both marks and I
speechless numb and in the nearest
hospital that's a good turn didn't there
do you second Marx's probably at fault
because he was at that party last night
is he nuts to ever lay yeah yeah yeah
you could be in trouble you could be in
trot insanity this is insanity I heard
the loud blaring sirens of cop cars and
ambulances I saw stretchers paramedics I
heard one thing that stuck out with me
though it was Marcus hearing him shove
his way into my direction shouting with
me screaming almost and pleading for me
to wake up but that was when my body was
done blacking out feeling nothing that's
deep but I need a moment I think we're
gonna leave it there
we've just had a massive car accident
little bit disappointed there wasn't any
sex though I'm just saying but yeah I
hope you guys are enjoying it still give
the video a big thumbs up if you are and
I'll see you tomorrow with another video
all right love you guys bye
