hey today we are trying something which
is going to test me in many different
ways this is going to be is this Fifty
Shades of Grey or is this Disney so it's
a quote or a sentence taken from Fifty
Shades of Grey or a Disney film I will
guess what it is you think that would be
easy because you're like fifty Shades of
Grey
sexual and stuff I'm actually seeing if
she'll read Fifty Shades of Grey and
Disney like you wouldn't really probably
put the two together so let's happens
slip into silent slumber sail on a
Silver Mist slowly but surely your
senses will cease to resist trust in me
just in me shut your eyes and trust me
buying it's Disney finalizar Disney yeah
you trying to throw me off there but
reverse psychology ah the film though is
I think it's from a scene where a guy is
talking to a girl and he's like come
with me no no cool cool Jungle Book
ah ja ja I was at I was gonna say that
as I now you won't have got something
from mistake huh in the first lie the
original slip into slightly upset yeah
silent slumber honest earnest that make
sense completely overwhelm me I feel
like Icarus flying too close to the Sun
that's a great reference if you ever get
wings don't fly too close to the Sun
listen to the rules cuz otherwise your
wax will melt and you're dying nice
thanks sorry back to the back to the
video
deep moments with Marcus that's ice 50
shades of grey yeah ah my inner goddess
is doing the dance of the Seven Veils oh
my it's a curious feeling
what once I don't even on seven Bowser's
who knew well-educated here more Marcus
this day fifty fifty shades
who would have known be on to the next
phrase so doc darling is better down
where it's wetter you see I want to say
fifty shades of gray I cut know but it's
Disney so darling ladies like darling
you give that fits into shades Reds if
he's talking like darling come on it's
better where it's wetter but I think
it's tricked I'm going Disney yes
is it an animation or animation ok
darling it's better down where it's
wetter is better down where it's wetter
Finnegan
No under the sea under the sea darling
is better down where it's wetter under
the is that I got it so yeah amazing Oh
Little Mermaid yeah Oh smash that next
one I'll make a man out of you oh I'm
straight off the bat going Disney yeah
yeah Mulan yeah thank you very much
thank you very much everybody
well we're not doing that game you're
really good about so sit tight sit
travelberry
yeah I'd get first you boy yeah that was
a really random video but I hope you
guys enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if
you did and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video
all right bye
