hey how's he going Sorry Sorry the light
guys on the glasses but I don't my
contacts in May but my eyes were hurting
so I think I to remove those plus
glasses are there different look is a
different me today what I thought I do
is I have reacted to one of my private
advise from my main channel in and
probably about three or four months I've
watched a lot of other youtubers first
videos have more fun of mine for a while
so I'm gonna be doing that now the 1 i'm
watching i honestly haven't seen this
and i don't know how long this is the
title of it pigs blown up in terrorism
experiment so i think this was early on
when I sort of thought that my channel
would become one of those I news
channels where I read things about the
news yeah hello the my face haven't even
click play look at my face oh oh my god
psychology floor floor sorry well I was
holding up like my psychology book I
that intro is a bit random wasn't it I
basically lost roundel Marcus twice on
you all know the guitar ensuring i don't
you see that you see that thing you see
but i have some wanders off to talk to
you about I'm removed what's my terrible
attempt to do a posh accent anyway the
government basically really move lever
which involves a few things and a course
I do like this long you let you got do
this I know let's just blow a load of
pigs off I actually got this you know I
used to do so when I did these news
things I we used to fight those this one
website that was all these random
stories and I didn't even like read it
and then recreate myself i just used to
read off the screen if you watch
carefully you'll see my eyes are moving
because i'm literally reading this quick
look at my necklace well is that not
pigs victims drive my movement from like
going to here then going to hear but
what relevance does it happen go on get
sassy I mean sad to say it but haven't
we had enough experience from terrorism
attacks and hang on a minute get deep
and preachy old Marcus g
just keep on coming up with amazing
ideas slate in the government on this
Fisher what are your thoughts on this
you guitar I'm so like innocent and
don't have a clue what I'm doing what am
I dig what we're doing top three
pictures of her week in a number three
we have a poisonous picture edit why did
I show top three picture honestly I
remember their power border please do
not have an emergency thank you push for
her final one name well it was really
funny Marcus haha me laugh a lot
actually because today did it make it
off a lot but all up savage you Percy
remember I'm still in the process of
trying loads of new stuff out so and
comment oh yeah I'm still in the process
of trying new stuff out guys remember
i'm new to that was do this for fourth
of a video secondly what do you bet i
still see the weirdness then that I have
now like when I come up to code secondly
although most my weirdness is held on
snapchat was there no sound on that at
the end weapon to the sound that is so
cringe really it's giving me a bit of
nostalgia watching it because that's my
old room and that's before I got the two
shades of blue and I've got all my
pictures in the background and that's
when I was that's the beginning you know
that's where it all started like in that
andum tiny little room by well you also
at the beginning that skips the
beginning you can also see my naked
woman up there on the background on the
calendar so that was there then I had
that for a long time you know for my
youtube videos okay these are other
clients love the videos get rid of the
intro I feel like I'm watching a
children's program like the intro intro
better so thanks for slightly more
guitar intro of the intro make me smile
and dads what a gorgeous accent and I
mean this in a non-creepy way where are
these people watch me from clearly no
one from the UK was watching me wow
awesome accent um try a bit harder Oh
seriously a hat you're funny and I love
your voice whatever they were watching
from
this is funny this is a caller from a
random guy so one of the things that I
did on YouTube try and get big was post
my videos as video responses to people
who let you automatically post video
responses what's cool people watching
will know I'm in so I used to do that to
try and get people to watch my videos
even though they weren't video response
i was just spamming other people's
videos it's not cool to put your bids as
replies to popular vids but forgive you
because you're hot next vid topless
please Oh another one from da vida land
at marks but the TV why can't you be gay
sorry oh yeah that was that was my
fourth ever video hopefully I've got so
many more videos I've missed in these
videos because it's like nice to
reminisce I might do a few more but if
you enjoyed the video you know what to
do smash that thumbs up button and I'll
see your beautiful face tomorrow with
another video Oh silly city MO bye
