hello what's up everybody welcome back
to one of my favorite series guess the
childhood TV show based off of hearing
no basis for watching no I do based off
of watching the intro and then I guess
the year you guys know the score so
we're gonna begin I don't have this
number two or number three number three
number three how many points can we get
out of our survey says our survey is not
quick enough
seven 14 14 I'm gonna say I'm gonna get
six is this the dog in the plane the
flippin how was it called pip Pippin has
the dog smell oh my god
that's half a pound why it's not don't
give me very long my dear says the lyric
Tina lyrics it says the show's name come
for a walk come for a ride what's that
rhyme with come for a drive no come with
me
no so nice I know exact ways it's the
one with the big ginger hair isn't it
come fly no no no indoors come outdoors
come outside
yeah yes oh my god what mish I think 90s
yeah I'm going with 97 9301 old little
boy oh my god what is there I've seen
this actually Tisdale is it like the two
boys names I cried a little comment I
just remember the two boys like yeah two
boys names are given point one be my B
was in the his name of your move one is
C and yet versed not Zach and Cody is
that Cody also I've done it oh my sweet
love Zack Cody ah yeah 1998-2005 what
 the bed bananas in pyjamas
navdeep bears this my favorite then
everywhere in pajamas are coming down
the stairs
/ - em pajamas I chase syntetic
that's really older than that 90s ninety
one that says ninety ninety half point
yeah oh it's obviously the car Comden
all this is though definitely seen this
before I just don't know that well buddy
let me intro yeah cheese I'd murder room
oh yeah I know it okay
nineteen no nineties nineteen
ninety-seven no 81 bloody hell come on
be something I love I guess so oh um
what's her name Hilary Duff no oh my
part of the show while I was wiser go
ahead I was literally talking about her
the other day oh my god I used to really
fancy her what is her name
this is really stressing out because I
never call her Hilary Duff I always call
her this but now out of where my head is
Hilary Duff honestly is just completing
up completely on for my head don't tell
me though it is one five two thousand
three two thousand one come on Buffy
Lupita yep
tim was always my goal to get a Blue
Peter badge did you ever get one no
there's two points up for grabs if you
get the year they first started and the
year they started here the hit start was
at pre 90s yeah yeah pre 80s
yeah pretty seventies yeah pre 60s yeah
pre 50s 1954 58 years this went Konnie
Huq started what time did she start oh
she started in 97 99 pressures on guys
pressures on what Shila bo where
his name is meeting the four yeah it's
not actually like plasticine flesh yet
amazing night made his name holds me get
you fair honest age never seen my my
life bitching I was in their initials es
Eddie even Stevens ah mine it is Oh No
it's 2000 while I was over whoo know
each other challenge that I favor that I
did five and a half that's like 30
something percent I reckon it it's like
fake phage though because it's all the
ones that you've you watched and you
know so it's unfair why don't you guys
leave a comment on what I should watch
why you guys put in the comment what I
should react react to guess next yeah
I'm gonna go and watch some childhood
shows now to get better scores because
I'm quite embarrassed but I hope you
liked this video give a thumbs up if you
did I don't see you tomorrow with
another video
by
