hello
today everybody I ordered these kool-aid
right the reason I ordered kool-aid this
is I've never had it never tried
kool-aid in my life ever and I was like
I should probably try it I don't even
know
because in America isn't it just a drink
in a shop like you just buy kool-aid and
then you drink it right this is all
powder so I mean that's even Phil he's
in it yeah so these are all coming like
little sachet powders I'm guessing you
just pour it into drink and then that's
your drink empty contents into large
plastic or glass pitcher add one cup of
sugar I'm not doing that makes eight
serving I got a large glass of water
here I'm gonna lemonade natural flavor I
have no idea I feel like I'm giving
myself a lemon sip or something
this says eight is that the skip this
makes eight servings so do I just do
like a little bit oh that's so cool oh
my God look how cool that is I've done
way too much not sure I'm not I'm not
sure about the sugar thing I'm not
adding in the sugar by the way I can see
why you'd need to add sugar just like a
very sour drink mixed berry artificial
flavor there you go that's good isn't it
oh my god I mixed berry those so sour I
was way more sour than the lemonade bomb
next up we're going lemon - line oh good
source of vitamin C is it artificial
flavor what what is possibly good in
this that the first ingredient is citric
acid not sure where they're getting good
good source of vitamin C from that but
you know I'm gonna go a little bit less
than you considering this is eight
servings I'm doing one Wow oh that is so
cool just the coloring of it I'm not
sure there's something taste that either
guys
let's try this one doesn't taste it
doesn't taste of anything
literary doesn't taste of anything I
think I might be doing this wrong and
maybe when I go to America I should just
buy the kool-aid and drink and have it
because this is doing nothing it's not
like when you go oh I'll make my
Robinsons it's not like that this is
literary taste nothing I think I'm just
gonna stop there because it will taste
the say they look very different when
they go into water they will taste the
same but that's because I'm not adding
any sugar and I don't really know I'm
doing with it
so yeah sorry people in America if I've
like offended you kool-aid but when I go
to America what I'll do is I'll go to
the shop and buy it because like I said
I think it comes in normal box so I'll
do that but anyway if you enjoyed this
random art video then give the video a
thumbs up anyway I'll see you tomorrow
with another video all right bye
