see those are nice way to die now I was
just flying before hello beautiful
safety people I'm in a different
location that's because I'm currently in
an office but I have something extremely
extremely exciting that I just want to
share with you guys that has been in the
process for such a long time some of you
may be aware some of you may not so I'm
just going to give a quick overview
about three years ago I started a music
management company called stripped that
I wanted to help try and break new music
acts in a way that hasn't been number
four shine a light on them and just
support them in ways that the music
industry doesn't do and try and help
people and some I haven't reach towards
that because I've had nothing to really
talk about but the last year to two
years a lot of stuff has happened
internally and it's finally ready to
talk about now which is why I'm so
excited to share it with you so maybe
Peter she is the first back that
scientists rip their and you may have
seen a pop up in from my blogs and some
of the other youtubers and gleans blogs
because when we've been tagged a
partition formed there and unless
acoustic sets here and there which is
great but she has her first official
single out today today is out today and
it is absolutely beautiful I'm going to
purse me that of it right now so you can
hear it till the world are need to see
oh please no matter how far away this is
she touched an amazing person the solid
beautiful she is so incredibly talented
and I just want her talent to be heard
by as many people as possible so what
I'm asking for you guys my audience is
to go and support her and anywhere you
can
the main thing would be to go just
listen to the song streaming on Spotify
it's also on Apple music you can buy it
if you want of course as well I will put
links everything yeah just go check the
song out and I want to introduce you to
her but introduced to her music because
she had other night she's just she's
just amazing she's got great potential
on I really honestly think you guys will
love the first thing she's done it's
called place we were made chief it does
have a YouTube channel she posts I'm
laughing because she's like this is how
parentage he doesn't do covers like a
lot of other youtubers may do she only
posts original song acutally just her no
guitar just singing and yeah it's great
you can also check out put a link to a
YouTube channel so please do go
subscribe to her channel but the main
thing I wanted to share was the single
and it's like such an exciting day for
me for of course for us everyone has
been involved with this process and it's
just it's something I'm passionate about
music as you know and I feel so happy
and lucky to use my audience to help
other people and that's something I'm
really passionate about and in fact I
can do it musically it's great so please
please please please come together and
support this single as much
you can and let's see means you have an
amazing career there is going to be
another video coming out normally like a
normal video on this channel I just I'm
like bursting with excitement I have to
say something so yeah I would love to
know what you guys think tweet me tweet
her maybe use the hashtag place we were
made and then I can like track what you
guys are saying about it and let's just
start a movement let's do it let's come
together and do this thing okay alright
that's enough for me I'm going to go
that's my computer over here and frickin
I've got the song on repeat and I'm just
going to be like messaging on my friends
they got hi this is do this long and I
would love you guys do the same yeah
alright I will see you later with nobody
alright those eyes I dream on and maybe
the colors will say mr. Clinton a father
I start on the beach
hey by the small town keeper sweetie
haha no
no matter how far away please please the
place to me
