hello welcome to the hardest sex quiz
you will ever take we've done a few
videos like this on this channel now but
apparently this is the hardest one
so don't know what that is gonna line me
up for but let's just jump straight in
shall we
why not darkness sex quiz you ever take
number one how much does the vagina grow
when a woman is aroused well you know at
least it went straight in there wasn't
no messing about there was it expands
twice it's normal size correct yes it's
called vagina tenting I did not know
that and I'm sure most of you did not so
there you go boo - can you lose
something in a vagina yes let's go yes
no apparently you can how big is a
clitoris actually smaller than your
thumb bigger than your thumb we had
something like this in one of the other
videos we did and didn't it say like the
size of a cucumber or something
so bigger than your thumb there you go
who would have known because it's like
hidden away and all that kind of stuff
before is penis size really related to
shoe size yes I mean this same sort of
come from somewhere no no Hannah hymen
really tell you it may be not high
millions no it can't tell yes there we
go it can't tell someone is a virgin
what does penis cap to this mean that I
sounds like some kind of Harry Potter
spell doesn't it
peanuts captive us which so when two
people get stuck together during sex is
when a man's rat penis won't return to
its Placid state so it's just stuck with
a erection constantly I'm gonna say that
because oh no I was gonna say that
because penis cactus sounds like it's
just sort of the man and the penis when
two people get stuck together Jared say
how does that happen what what how what
has the bigger collection of nerve
endings the tongue or the clitoris go
clitoris what yes it has more than your
fingertips - what is the pun dendahl
nerve haven't got a bloody clue mate a
carry sensation from the external
genitalia both men and women you carry
sensation from secondary erogenous zone
in both minimum and haven't got clue or
that second thing I'm going the first on
there we go it's the main nerve of the
perineum this is getting a bit
biological right now except I have not
got any idea of the stuffers is it true
or false the neck of the cervix moves up
and out of the way when a woman is
aroused it that is very true of course
he got it right
I'm killing this guy's what's the
average erect penis length around six
inches
what's the iraq average erect penis
circumference 3.0 no no no oh no he's
got on wrong what is produced in
Cowper's glands in men and what CalPERS
gland is pre ejaculatory fluid yes most
of the fluids are made in the prostate
gland there we go
oh that is I'm quite enjoying just
staring at huh imagine if I just ended
up getting hypnotized on this channel
mmm what carries sperm from the testes
to the ejector very technical wizard in
this video on technical words the ureter
I know that no I don't know I don't know
that the vas deferens that deferens what
percentage of men worldwide are
circumsized 30% what is pay Peyronie's
disease a rest guy or a bent bent or
curved penis a curb yes the curb peanuts
there we go so it's literally like whoo
and women get pregnant if she's on her
period yes correct record the NHS it's
not very likely but it can happen what
happens to the lateral orbitofrontal
cortex Chur and orgasm what on earth is
that goes into overdrive
no it shuts down how does blood flow to
the penis change during an erection but
arteries to the penis open wider and the
veins away from it kind of struggling to
build up blood heart pumps faster so I'm
the first one yeah don't think yeah
different that you don't sat there any
like
who do you like that theory which nerve
does not run through the spinal spinal
cord the the other vac nurse nerve yes
of course I knew that was an orgasmic
there a busy and all that's in the last
on in a minute and inability to reach
orgasm oh my God look at that guy's
you have got 14 out of 20 right you're
almost a sexpert some might say but
could do with a little more research
hey I'm sorry 14 out of 20 I'm pretty
happy of that if I'm being you know but
you can be honest I'm very happy with
that
so yeah that is my result anyway that
rounds up another sex fits I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you didn't enjoy it
at least we will learn something yeah
that's the main thing to take away from
today's video and yeah I will see you
tomorrow with another video it's non sex
related alright see you later bye
