hi guys welcome to the kitchen you can
see my hair is currently green I got my
bright blue Audi desktop on but there's
all in theme for this video so I've seen
lots of galaxy stuff recently I don't
really know much about it today we're
making a galaxy DIY drink which is
completely improvised off of grey have
you got your grade there we go look at
that guys right we've got great that's
going to be quite galaxy issues of that
we've also got black cherry probably
going to be put very cherry probably
going to be quite galaxy I think we're
just going to mix them into a drink and
see what happens right guys so I'm
currently testing attempt to the water
it's very important to use cold water
for this it helps the colors mix better
together there we go right we have got
our starting point of water going to
start off a little bit of blue you ready
for this three two one
just get a little bit going in there
Oh My giddy odd it matches my jumper
Mike holds a little bit when I'm
floating through white space like good
berry cherry boy yes powdery so we liked
it very cherries going in
means bit to cherry yeah
taking overs and it's just completely
dawn
whoa still are quite liking that
oh look at that from the top base so
cool that's actually so cool I don't
know if you can see how it's like
rippling down from the top but yeah it's
got a bit greenie hasn't it it was more
galaxies at the beginning mmm likes nine
it's so weird it's just gonna make your
black isn't it I just know everything
that looks cool well this is the result
that's kind of just repeat too much in
that is a good end result like the
galaxy colors are still in there so I'm
pretty happy with that to be completely
honest we got a lot of blue that's what
you need a lot blue and any other card
off now so very happy that must must
have met this is my first ever DIY
galaxy video no I liked it Oh see it's
promo video bye
