hello so Pepe jeans have challenged me
to see if I can put on a pair of their
jeans with a little twist that twist is
not using your hands I'm obviously gonna
give that a go and also thought I might
as well make it into like a really fun
video and see how many sort of daily
activities I can do without using my
hands I've never done this before I'm
expecting it to be a lot harder than you
probably think it is so let's see how we
go yes
Oh No what is up my face is that I think
some feedback you keep spitting on me
please yes success
I count some success do this I'm going
tactically about this I'm gonna like try
and you know it's gonna be the hard but
because they're quite skinny I've got
you know what must be mates now you
never do like today oh is that - so are
you won't press right now oh my god easy
oh yes okay are you doing
oh my god this is what game are you
matching ain't done it I'm pretty
impressed this is so you can't do them
up I don't do what jeans up challenge no
one can get their elbows like to that
area
well breath maybe put a sock in load
would give you a 7 out of 10 I can just
do a month
oh there you go it was not who it will G
go out like girl yeah come on do that
and not come straight back in afterwards
I didn't just walk back in the door that
counted having these bands on to the
next one
so yeah oh yes yes
now if you are you now I'm gonna wait
for that to come down over to do this oh
come on come on come on yes oh yeah
Oh
I know that I'll have you know well
there we go that was my attempt at a lot
of different activities I really hope
you liked it the best thing about these
jeans is they're super comfy and they're
actually a really good fit you can see
I'm still in them don't know this is
helping me build Marcus's catwalk harder
than it looks
I'm not just thrusting the air guys I
actually think I'm having a bit of an
allergic reaction to that shampoo my
face is very hot and I'm sweating
there's a competition for you guys to
win a brand-new pair of power flex genes
from Pepe jeans and to do that you have
to record yourself doing the exact same
challenge that I did I've put in your
jeans all about your hands and upload it
to get it on challenge comm and that
could put you in a chance to win in a
pair of those jeans I will put a link to
that just down below there so if you're
interested in doing that
go go go check it out but yeah I hope
you guys really enjoyed this video make
sure to give it a big thumbs up if you
did and I will see you tomorrow another
video all right love you guys bye
