yo hello how's it going everybody I am
tasting today I'm tasting five different
beverages from around the world I think
we've done one of these before like a
drinks one and you guys like it so we're
doing it again also it's fun but also a
bit gross because a lot of them are just
ranked drink but hey let's let's go
shall we alright here we go first up
I've got smooth spots my leather cream
soda
what is cream soda is it literally cream
it in soda like I didn't it's a very
American thing isn't it what this is
owned by coca-cola I let you own the
world
yeah I've never seen that where's it
from imported South Africa this is from
South Africa not really too sure about
this oh oh where is it is in America as
well where they do this thing called you
have a you have a fizzy drink and then
you put a scoop of ice cream on top of
that isn't that a thing is that what
this is meant to be cream soda here we
go let's see I've never experienced
anything like that so calm I don't know
what to like compare it to or say oh it
tastes like this but it's like a sweet a
sweet fizzy drink it doesn't taste like
Crete doesn't taste like cream it
doesn't taste milky or anything like
that it's just a sweet soda so yeah
that's the first time I like cream soda
and here we've got the next drink on the
lift is pat posh passion passion a
passion a passion fruit flavor called
passion ah where's this from
Penn sensors some Australia yeah this is
Australia okay here we go we've got
another Australian drink passion fruit
flavor let's seal this one's all about
oh oh my oh this smells like my favorite
drink was growing up as a kid
reowww did you jus guys however have Rio
or deduced have Rio camera
gonna put a picture here
ah back to this passion drink tastes
very similar to a Rio and just yeah
tastes like the passionfruit fizzy drink
it's very good tastes nice
next up we've got peach iced tea Sam
been dead or th at business from Albania
this is from Albania that's bloody
mental great banter iced tea again
Iceland iced tea so much when I'm skiing
it was like my go-to drink as a
refreshment be like yes then give me
that iced tea
yes then give me this iced tea that is
really good like really good
how is ice tea made I always just think
this because I used to drink it when I
was a kid and I don't I don't drink tea
I never drank tea as a kid
is it like actual tea and then it's
mixed with fruit and stuff like that or
not Iram this one time actually when we
were in New York on a family holiday
when we were like loving iced tea me and
my sisters were in this bar and we're
like oh can we get an iced tea please
and I don't know if it's like a New York
thing but she was all like do you want a
homemade one of me like yeah sure and
they gave us these like big these big
let glasses that opened up like this and
me and my sister had them and the woman
had literally made a tea and put ice in
it I remember we like drank it and we
were just looking each other what the
hell is this and we'll have you got any
sugar please and she gave us the sugar
I'm not even joking I remember being in
like between 10 and 15 spoonfuls of
sugar in touring so much so that at the
bottom that it wasn't even dissolving
into the dream there was just a thick
layer of sugar and my dad was like
really embarrassed because we're in like
this like little like fancy bar named
Isis where they're like more sugar
please we want it sweeter it's not like
Lipton iced tea next drink we have near
I'm sorry ah is this Greek I think this
this might be Greek yes great product
yes there we go
loo loo sour cherry drank a sour cherry
drink I don't know am i weird that I
smell everything I go to smell over what
what would both pandas
oh yeah the fizzy one yeah what were
they pops literary pops had the pops
yeah oh my god this is literally I can't
even the stole Joe than a story I have
right now used to get them at places
like we used to go to indoor play areas
and you'd have like birthday parties
yeah Pass is great party drink as a kid
here we go sour cherry that is very sour
like that is that is what it says it is
sour cherry my old mouth is like now
okay this is one I'm really not looking
forward to trying lassi mango yogurt
drink like growing up I never I don't
know if I should say some Prometheus so
so much hate I never had milkshakes not
because I I don't know I just didn't
like them they didn't go to McDonald's
and get Madonna's milkshakes and
everyone loved milkshakes
I was the one person never had
milkshakes
didn't like him it was like I never
drank milk and like the thought of it
and even the tattoo tried them loads I
just didn't like them yes I know I'm
weird
sorry so anything that's like yogurt
drinky or anything like that I'm just
like mmm mmm but hey for the more Marcus
for you guys fingers might be from the
UK oh here we got here yeah oh yeah oh
yeah here we go here we go the mango got
the mango aftertaste is nice but it's
just the the yogurt ness of it icon just
me it's just me I never liked it I still
don't like yet I haven't got over that
but I'm sure most of you would like it
because it's probably nice just me being
weird and there we go that rounds up
some more drinks from around the world
that I have tried so if you want me to
do this as a little series give the
video a thumbs up let me know why I
should try in the comments and I'll see
you tomorrow with another video goodbye
