hello today we are going to take part in
something together we're gonna we're
gonna really work together as a team on
this went on a walk together as team
because you're not here in real-life
time with me
when this is being filmed but doesn't
matter we're gonna spiritually work
together with this because we are going
to be guessing actors but no guessing
the actor just by their butt so yeah I
mean I've definitely stared at a little
but throughout my time so it probably
means I'll be good at this alright here
we go
I do not know what this is gonna have in
store okay first picture
um who's that
I think that's Ryan Reynolds no it's not
Jake
I can never say his last name Glenn Hall
Glenn Hall Gyllenhaal oh that's cool it
shows the video as well so that's the
video Kevin's from fair enough not a
good start
oh my god whose butt is that Michael
Fassbender's Viggo Mortensen I don't
hear that is Chris Hemsworth Brad Pitt's
it's not Brad Pitt
think he's a bit too he's not head chef
Chris Hemsworth no my Fassbender yes yes
and did you see his do you see his Willy
there or I'm not entirely sure on that
whose butt is this is that Gerald but do
you know what I didn't even see if
that's Gerald Butler I'm just going to
help chair about that uh it's not cool
but the fact I guess that without seeing
one of suggestions that Jude Law
what oh my god he looks so different
no way no way is that Jude Law mental
whose butt is this oh do you is that a
pretty sure you see is knob what horns I
didn't know it's not Christian Bale
don't know it could be Mark Ruffalo
don't know who Oscar Isaac is I can't
Orlando Bloom
Noma but hey why is this all-male but
where's the female butts at oh yeah you
kind of do see is his knob a little bit
whose but all that is hardly that I mean
that's not really fair picture of it how
am I meant to know that I can't see
anything
Tom Hardy James Franco henry cavill
christopher meloni i henry cavill knew
it of course I knew what films that from
I don't know what film that's from I got
it right
whose butt is that that I'm trying to
look without I think that could be Chris
Hemsworth you know Tom Cruise Christian
Bale Sean yeah it's not it's not
Christian Bale I know could it be
Christian Bale
but don't think it's Russian bear I
don't think it's henshin up for crumbs
Chris Hemsworth but it looks like Chris
Hemsworth from behind no Chris hunt I
was Christian Bale why'd I go by
instinct Christian bloody Bale whose
butt is that that is that Mark Wahlberg
that is not even on the list not
Channing Tatum don't who oh no Chris
Heaven is a kept America Hugh Jackman
not had enough Liam hams I'm gonna name
Hemsworth no who was that who was it it
was Jeff what clearly don't know what I
am looks like from behind three out of
seven right well yeah who cares I don't
know my butt's alright but yeah maybe
you guys guessed better than me I don't
know I've never thought this is such a
weird video isn't it but yeah anyway I'm
gonna go now because it's a little bit
weird so hope you enjoyed it and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video all
right bye
