hello and welcome to something we
haven't done in a long long time we used
to say on the channel called real or
fake where there would be played
something and I had to guess whether it
was real or if it was fake so it's back
we continuing the series and this time
it's viral videos so I have a selection
of videos here that have gone viral and
I have to get over there real or if
they're fake and also just for an in
there guess how many views they've had
so part time the dogs oh my God look is
always moving that dog is so cool I'm
seeking this video for lose like
absolute demon oh my god those old
accents that's so bad for his back hey
that's real and 100 million
Oh Bri oh yes 87 million views around
the up that's 100 mil alright next what
we got what what the is that to me that
looks like an elephant's awesome what is
that it's a prom tree it's like a bomb
hole those who can end up in so hot
what that many look like you know to
people oh haha
a massive stone calm but it's there as
that is like an actual ballot I can't
figure that out that many be a vagina
yeah this can't be real
this can be real but they look real big
Harvey huh babe
it's fake I'm going 43 million views I'm
quite good with the views like guessing
the views that's real
no way okay well who would have known
are they fighting about Twinkies I don't
get it what is it as it is that a viral
video yeah no how did you find that what
are you searching for to find that
Odyssey I want to go real safe history
hey is that you enira kid oh yeah doing
your brother that is I was honestly
watching this I please tell me this is
not viral I'm itchy love babies cause no
walls go through that baby's head like
his head looks fake I want that to be
real I'm going with real I'm going 24
million oh we've got the four right that
to be fair that wasn't borrowed be like
let's make this viral look so old
what's going on I'm gonna win they're in
there this is the person joking that's
not a viral video like why would that go
viral
yeah that's not viral or unless it has
gone viral because it's like this was
like what a countryside town was like 50
years ago this is not my idea it's not a
viral video yeah but but it's quite
interesting to see how long ago is that
eh easier
yeah I mean that's quite interesting but
if that boy would be like my don't get
wider gone viral
there we go I don't know what I haven't
you like it right there I got the one
wrong about the sexy plants and stuff
yeah um but yeah um that was it I hope
you guys enjoyed this video give it a
big thumbs up if you did and I'll see
you tomorrow with another video all
right bye
