hello I have got a box in front of me
called trees there you go because of the
light you can't see it I said actually
subscribe to it it's like source box but
a lot worse for you
now I subscribe to it purely to make
videos with it sends me stuff each month
from like different countries we think
it's from Serbia I don't know if any of
you guys watch me from Serbia first
thing we've got is smoky no idea what
this is
doesn't say anything flips sack kick
kick Iraqi gem mount language sorry it
smells like hazelnut for crisps I look
like this let's have a little I think
it's hazelnut flavor no peanut I think
it's peanut flavor
Angus peanut flavor that's weird though
because it like dissolves in your mouth
you know what's is when you have a
whatsit you put in your mouth like
dissolves they see what this does
I enjoyed that are you about 6 out of 10
I'm quite impressed by that next we've
got something called ki ki ki ki ki ki
ki + with fruit that's all I can see no
product of Croatia ego I'm guessing I'm
gonna guess they're like star bur
because I think that is a sub good guess
though different flavors but we got
tomato that's a strawberry we've only
got three different flavors though guys
you have got a strawberry a limo
um who is that pineapple ah things
pineapple I'm going for pineapple
straightaway this has gotta be like
solvers I haven't had starbursts in so
long it's pineapple and it's really good
I've definitely had these somewhere oh
that is really really good
I would give this like eight out of ten
so now I'm gonna go for cherry cherry is
usually like when are you state used
foods because you guys know don't eat
sweets and stuff but we're like you see
cherry would be like my go-to flavour so
now we got the cherry that I go again
eight out of ten that's what they taste
like they taste like malware they look
like starburst but tastes like marijuana
I haven't had mauermann so long an 808 m
strawberry that's why I thought it had
them because it's like the exactly same
texture of melon as well
it was definitely strongly mal one seven
out temperature or a genuine the eyes
back in the day you know that you get
the like family sharing mailman packets
we used to get those at home every day
I'd go down and have like I think I'd
get like ten and my favorite ones are
the Royal three ones and I used to think
that I was being healthy because it was
fruit on the front of it I was like yeah
this is some fruit this is good
how uneducated I was oh these look like
this is quite cool so we've got
something called prima classic Oh
produced by Serbia so I guess some
Serbia somes Croatian I reckoning this
is like pretzels but in stick that's
what my guess is go this one looks like
yeah literally pretzels but sticks I
love it in America I don't really know
if you have them here but in America
they used to they used to in like
vending machines you have packets of
those pretzels they were so good and
also fun fact if you have a diarrhea
pretzels
amazing they're like one of the best
things you can have for it because of
the like salts in them and when you when
you have that you're losing life salt so
eat pretzels but yeah they were really
good oh my god oh my god I've had this
before this is a munch mallow where have
I had this before I'm a hundred percent
had these yeah they're like proper
squishy don't squish these guys cuz it
krump Khan was everywhere I've had this
before and I don't know I've had it's
really annoying me Mom there's like
three things there's chocolate there's
marshmallow and there's biscuit weird
combination I actually tastes nice so
well done munch munch mallow to know it
tasted a bit Joe's a bit like the middle
bit was like remember wagon wheels and
wagon wheels had that like little like
marshmallow layer okay we have got a
band ban Allen cat ban anchor guessing
is something related to banana oh oh
that is a peanut better that's a banana
I didn't yeah that's a banana it's like
a chocolate banana what the hell okay
I'm into that I'm definitely I'm
definitely about that but oh my god I'm
not about that I'm not about that at all
that was so weird it's like fizzy inside
and I don't know it's like oh that was
odd it was like you know the banana
sweets that you see a pic makes it was
like trying to be that but I hadn't
quite set all right and next up Oh feel
a little bit with weird saying this
we've got a kitty litter eki dy that is
a weird color for chocolate smells
amazing and that's because it's coconut
oh here we go I'm into that I'm into
that a lot that is really good it's like
- no it's like a sweet - version of a
bounty I really like that give that
eight out of ten cool so that rounds up
my food box video from Serbia / Croatia
hopefully you guys will know some of
that stuff and I really hope you enjoy
to give it a thumbs up if you did if you
want me to continue this I think it's a
really cool idea because I have no idea
what I get each month and the stuff
comes from all over the world so it's
great to try new things and to like show
you as well so yeah hope you guys
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow
with another video all right love you
guys
