hello welcome back to episode dot numero
dos of guess that childhood film so
films that I watch when I was child
maybe did watch didn't watch some you
guys probably watched as well I have to
guess the name of it after watching like
the trailer of it and also the year so
let's see how we do I've got thing this
is gonna be quite hard compared to the
other stuff we do I don't know why I've
just got a bad feeling about it yet how
many points are up for grabs and ten
here we go guys what is up for us Oh
Jumanji
oh my god this was such a good film is
his name Alan I want to watch this film
a little which is now can let me just
stop this video I want it Stampede lady
fights the alligator and then there's a
moment done yeah I spiders in the law oh
my god
so I should get film oh my god that's so
many memories from that yeah and 600
yeah parent traffic I know I used to
know all the words to this film all the
words straight down the minute
oh my god this bill what should what
plan
no don't offend no I love the idea is oh
she was horrible I think is this 97 oh
is 98 don't say it's 98 98 is gonna do
98 first as well off point yeah I just
know that handshake they did I mean it's
obviously saying like this fast-food
place yeah I haven't seen that yeah oh
my god is it both of them yeah sure I
don't that you don't it is it is it she
G B G be good yep very good yeah vodka
barking oh my god yeah is it pre 2096
every bloody time
cool oh my god what is this
I've definitely seen this yeah the
massive hands H I K oh of course I know
that
of course I know it it was a massive TV
show but that was the film Honey I
Shrunk the Kids
yep boom yeah it was a massive TV show
yeah more than film I then yeah way more
than the film I've seen it films
94 oh yeah I was gonna say it looks very
old
I recognize that guy they can swim on
the corner oh my god I loved this when I
was younger just like a only funny team
oh I'm not I don't know it's cool yeah
that's this wasn't like an early Shark
Tale looks exactly like Shark Tale I
don't know is it like deep blue sea or
something no H I H I a fish ninety-nine
six out of ten guys well I mean could be
better could be worse but I think I'm
quite happy with that you know I did all
right
some of you probably knew every single
one I'm sorry about that
but never mind anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
if you get a big thumbs up and I'll see
you tomorrow with another video all
right bye
