hello and welcome back to fanfiction
Friday we're back new fanfiction that we
started called insanity a Marcus Butler
fanfiction Allison had just saw moved to
the UK she bumped into Marcus met this
annoying guy quit Drew and it was just a
bit of character building so hopefully
we are going to sort of dive into a
little bit more well who knows why
we're starting to do our therapy
sessions all of my patients have thanked
me if they didn't know I was a student
they wouldn't have known the difference
between me and an actress psychiatrist
words can't explain how successful I
feel after being here for only a week
and a half beginner self up isn't it
yeah
cheese alley today I'm doing the same
thing heading over to my psychiatrists
office now her name is dr. Lewis
morning dr. Lewis I said when I came in
good morning Allison so I have some news
I think you've done an extravagant job
so far and I think you would do well
working with all of the patients today
all of them what if some of them don't
feel comfortable speaking with me we
will ask beforehand you're an impressive
young woman Allie oh thank you but with
a few patients in the morning some of
them didn't want anyone new which is
understandable but one woman went off
the deep end and was so angry just the
thought alone made her throw a stapler
at me that's random yeah I love this job
but nearing the end of the day we had
our evening appointments where the
hardcore patients drift off and we have
our more normal patients but over the
top ones are fascinating but it's also a
normal person you have to keep your eyes
out for as well you never know it's
usually those ones who end up doing
something even more crazy than the ones
who overdo it she's going to turn into
something I think Allison is the secret
psychopath in this I heard dr. Lewis
speak out one of her patients who just
arrived I couldn't catch his name
by nerve as a man and he was a regular
she asked the man if he would mind if I
work with him today and he agreed they
both came in I turned it was a guy a
pretty cool guy a guy named Marcus boom
we knew we yeah am I gonna try and learn
about to find out what's really it was
really inside me
hello Marcus hello Marcus I suppose you
know what to do and please be polite
with her she's still not used to
Britain's impolite and quite rude
sarcasm all British people meant to be
polite of course wouldn't expect
anything less mr. Butler I see was again
a bit salty and all over each other sit
wherever you're comfortable who he did
as he was told and sat on oh this could
be a bit like yeah sat on the comfy
couch that's covered in some of the most
amazing cushions if I wasn't the
therapist I would sit there all day
every day
so Marcus yes file says that you're here
because of stress but it was correct
well tell me a bit about that his cheeks
begin to get even rosier than they were
before she knows me well that is true
yeah I have a pretty basic life I live
with my friends Alfie and Casper and I
have work
sounds like bloody basic human being
your stress could be linked to either of
those though do you get along with your
roommates yeah I do
we're the best of mates and how about
work what do you do for a living I'm a
youtuber he said with a shame tinting
his voice is it something you enjoy yes
I enjoy it very much it's one of my
favourites if not it is my favourite
thing to do but I could still put stress
on you no matter how you enjoy it while
you blushing hmm you begun to blush just
a bit not too much not nearly as much as
I do I'm not used to being looked at I
suppose they're gonna get straight to it
why not I don't know I was never an
eye-catching person oh she's playing
I've never been liked or loved you had a
boyfriend for two years love that's
certainly not true I looked back into
his gaze I snapped back into reality
Marcus yes
oh why is he so innocent looking it's
adorable this is inappropriate
we can't look at each other like this I
understand it seems to be the end of my
session that's a bloody quick session
I wouldn't even darling she goes you
could have some stress from YouTube end
of section it was a pleasure meeting you
haha nice meeting you as well the grin
spread across my face still laughing a
bit huh I realised my heart was racing
my palms were sweaty I must
was in knots as I in love no I couldn't
I don't know him well and it could risk
my internship and future jobs but guess
what this guy he's something because
this guy requested that I was his
therapist for as long as I was here and
that's something that's being interested
that's a thing called love I can she's
coming
she is very light Oh naughty she says
and she she's like this is the guy I'm
gonna marry
I feel as though I need some sort of
therapy as if I'm the one that needs
help as if I'm the one who's going crazy
loves a good one she also loves like
psychopathy stuff I woke up the next day
being a Saturday and I feel well rested
and comfy and my fit quite bed with the
many blankets and pillows molded to my
body and ready to do anything
Allisyn a stroll to a coffee shop down
the street and the line is massive who
waits this long for coffee normally I
wouldn't but because of the fact that I
have no plans I can wait
I might seem creepy to many people but
it's hahaha but this is what I do and
there's nothing else to do by people
watch I think Alison is a bit of a
psychopath that guy sure is an attention
grabber
I turned see Marcus for the cheeky side
when looking down at me the other things
this is Joe so excite Graham he is an
attention grabber I respond you know I
was being sarcastic
right yeah I know but the best way to
respond to sarcasm is with a serious
statement because then it defeats the
sarcastic person's purpose which was to
be so astok you might have that one
right doctor I think I do go dr. Alison
woohoo that's really cringe Marcus would
be like would I'm taking kind of hey so
have you seen Buckingham Palace yet oh
not yet oh but you've seen Big Ben right
not quite not quite wait so you're
telling me that you've stayed in London
for about two weeks now and you haven't
done anything related to tourism that
would be right that's it I'm your tour
guide for the day no Marcus that's very
sweet but I'm sure that you have better
things to do of your life honestly I
don't I'm really not that exciting of a
guy really done it yourself get about it
that's something we need to work on then
making me more exciting know your self
esteem we spent the entire day traveling
by foot walking to Buckingham Palace Big
Ben some historical buildings and we
went through some thrift shops for fun
that night I looked up marks on YouTube
and watched majority of his videos he's
so funny and handsome and I'm like being
a great video editor as well then I
noticed a new video being uploaded just
minutes ago by Mike the title was
unhealthy relationships he discussed
some relationships that were unhealthy
such as with food or fiction characters
by also discussed something I could
relate to
that was being in love with someone who
you shouldn't be in
- he said how he could relate to this
one himself and how he was with the most
yeah how he was into the most beautiful
girl in the world but he can date her
and you who this girl was
and this girl had the most unhealthy
feelings for him as well and there was
nothing either of them could do about it
alright guys well that wraps up the
third this third chapter the sixth
chapter we're starting to get a little
bit I think this could end up getting
really saucy so I am kind of looking
forward to it's very well written I hope
you guys are enjoying it so if y'all
make sure to get big thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow with another video
maybe next party with another fanfiction
who knows alright see you tomorrow bye
yeah next morning I woke up in Marx's
arms and it was absolutely perfect he
was asleep but his grip on me was still
tight and fun very protective I stayed
in his arms not bothering to wake him
even though I was freezing them as
clearly begging to have a cold Oh
beginning Toto
