hello beautiful sexy people welcome I
look a little bit tan that's because I
came back from your color tonight I was
on a really cool job there and you guys
will see it soon on the marks but the
YouTube channel yo but today we're
continuing our popular series of guest
the youtuber by that something today is
gets the youtuber by their laugh again I
feel like this would be quite easy I
feel like I should be quite well on this
but who knows maybe we're going to be
surprised people with 11 people so
you're playing that you're just playing
a lot from over there yeah yeah we're
ready to rock and roll with a youtubers
laugh haha sounds like someone's
possessed is that that sounds like
someone's trying to fake did you to do
it when young at like 8 o'clock you said
are you doing my sister's voice but who
can do the funny who spoke lot no one
was actually that funny what's your evil
haha fuck that what's yours
it sounds like a clown like a creepy
clown head a clown your hair again yes
please
I can just play the last like two
seconds is the last but I nearly get it
it's not Joe no last two seconds again
I'll I know that last little bit this is
so hard
David oberek not home again right play
again who's that is like dogs being
killed my bet on it Logan bull she died
oh my god shit oh he isn't different
last though there's like a hard law it
also because often like three years ago
I feel like his last now he's just like
so he does that he just like guy should
be in our that's a collabo idea recreate
YouTube's logs copyrighted here so
anyone takes that no yeah are there's
alpha here alpha coming in easy I know
how laugh because I feel like when you
come up with people you laugh a lot last
a lot of Zoe
who the case I ah
lastly we lost one gave me away tears
I've got an iconic glasses are I feel
like it's very put on did Jess yeah we
think we are
I only smile when I'm here yeah it's
just like a bikini heart now I'm sure
laughing mmm no that's probably good
impression
they were not on the intake opera yeah
but I feel like ksi was you know when he
was all serious and away from YouTube
when it came back of an into the story
he was very like oh my god so I go like
you might sue me check out this video
now he's dropping diss tracks again he's
like ksi again literate and like a hyena
the ball yeah I think I heard a catchy
little hyena hangout the chainsmokers
these days free all because it was the
easiest laughs the Alfea I'll freeze
laughs makes me laugh who's like
position that you did over yeah I like
happy laugh
the a different clip oh okay
how much I can't breathe
so I have an idea who it is Tyler Oakley
no no play again yeah that sounds like
Tyler I know it is dead sheep comedy
shorts games yeah here's a lot he lost
too much doesn't he he said everything's
alright put it into the hi guys like
what's up guys that is Tyler
that is Sylar Tyler's last is enough
some people's laughs that just makes you
laugh
Tyler has one of those on triangle are
on this year I wish I had my chronic
laugh that's why uh and you see
something funny
ah fuck my office like I don't do that
Paulie Christmas no you're quite right
isn't it no because my high yeah okay
I'm here really hard enough properly
well our properly I always go forward I
don't know am I now you ready yeah ah
okay cool
joking joking oh it's done hell yeah I
know Dan's long
I'm only I'm joking because um we did a
video and I what did I say I said fill
with Jake Paul is like guess the
youtuber buy something and I got like
said filled with Jaipur I got killed in
the comments a fandom is a joke we can
banter a little with badger
bazan devil why will you protect me I
picture the fandom as like it's just
this army of like but I pitched them
having weapons with like that's their
shield the shields are done and
filtration huh it is an excellent yes
there little one wrong suicide doing
very well that is like a murderous laugh
any clue that I know I did
no I did so they again that first bit is
like I don't like that that sound it's
like what's the word not creepy laugh
like scary laugh that you will better
evil laugh evil laugh yeah
evil laugh from a film oh this is
horrible
not the last paper after me really they
sound American
yeah it's a guy not a girl yeah
one more question not Anthony from Smosh
no no oh X Martian sorry
ah one more time no yeah then there's no
more time
Logan Paul yes I'm in the local I didn't
think you again
I'll be seeing that video is wrong from
key marketing events from by her music
creeping me out
ah I know that or is that the next one I
know it is I would never got it you
didn't play that one bit laughs but yeah
time here in a fast beat sounds like
he's like require that bit joe yeah joe
always like he has a big laugh and then
he does a big sneeze in the past i think
he was pranking someone that is quietly
yeah long alright last time here we go
again
yeah one more time only time I'm kinda
gang is that it stopped yeah it Harry
Road sure no it's not um that's not him
this guy yeah dude I want to you can you
say a last time ah King star no legal
Avenue Ethan why is so weird I can't
tell you how weird this is this
challenge because I'm not obviously
watching the video clips to listen to
someone's laugh without a video is like
one on stranger things I think we've
done on this channel as a experience
what
well let me know what you think that I
enjoyed that challenge
we're very wealthy you're know I have a
9 out of 11 a suite of that I always
thought I do well on the YouTuber stuff
I feel like once we move over to start
doing celebrity gets the set I'm gonna
flag being about the embarrassing well
let's see yeah let us know guys because
then that's one thing we're thinking of
doing all the YouTube stuff with like
celebrities and stuff like that so let
us know if you want to see that give the
video a thumbs up subscribe if you are
new post videos every day and I'll see
you be able to say to people - movin on
video by E
