hello look how much it looks like I
blend in with this room because of how
bright it is in this corner and I'm here
in my white t-shirt so apologies today
not really sure what this video is going
to be like I have got two packets of
disgustingly weird sweets
well more even that discussing these are
SuperSonics our sweets and these are
this has ranked garlic sweets so we're
gonna have some really sour sweets and
we're also gonna have some garlicky
flavor sweet I like garlic but garlic
sweets not but I should do garlic first
because I want the sour then take that
take that way yeah here we go garlic
sweet an actual garlic sweet it's gonna
go into my mouth and the smell of garlic
illness go oh my god honest a taste like
I've got just a garlic clove in my mouth
oh oh my god
ah does horrendous a honkey that much
longer oh it is so powerful and strong
in my mouth right now oh oh oh that's
horrendous Oh God
do you know what I don't know if that's
just like the taste of God or if it's
like actual garlic you know if it's just
a flavor or if it's actually gonna make
me stink for the rest of the day oh that
is so bad
alright next up we have got super sonic
sour sweets now the garlic ones are all
the same color these are yellow orange
and green I don't I'm guessing that will
be the same but it's surely the most
sour one's got to be yellow I hope this
is I'd remember it remember toxic wastes
used to just like buyers as a kid and
stick like ten in your mouth I think
you're really cool this is going in but
our lows hour but our wardrobe okay it's
like just blown a little bit Wow that
first hit my foot on just went bounce
just normal sweet
we have sandwiches gone gonna increase
the sourness and put the green and the
orange in at the same time okay green
and orange color oh my god
 y'all so growl ha oh my god Wow but
body's like tingling ah ah weapon from
Shaolin oh oh hey hoo-hoo well there we
go that was me trying some randoms
disgusting sweets hopefully you got some
entertainment out of it my nose is like
actually like streaming of it but yeah
if you did make sure to give the video a
big thumbs up and I will see you
tomorrow with another video all right
see it tomorrow bye
