hello this is how I look right now
but I'm going to be looking very
different soon and that is because put
some hair dye got some green hairspray
here I've used this brand before I
always get a little paranoid when it
comes to started to dyeing your hair and
the reason for that is because when I
hit 5,000 subscribers you guys know this
I dyed my hair pink fake tan my body as
well the hair dye that I bought was
online and I thought I knew I was doing
turns out I bought semi permanent hair
dye now if you didn't know semi
permanent hair dye lasts for six weeks
so I had bright pink hair dye in my hair
for six weeks doesn't matter how many
times you wash it doesn't matter how
many times you shampoo it still gonna
have pink hair dye so yeah that was fun
baptized at college so blurt my lesson
and now we've just got one wash color
spray so I'm gonna start this off and
then I've got Matt on standby who can
maybe help out if I need a helping hand
I don't really know how to oh oh well
that is amazing don't want to breathe
that Jesus Christ that was definitely
the down spray for me
the county
yes would wait
I really really like my hair like that I
think that's quite a cool look guys do
you reckon I could pull this off
brings out your eyes yeah it does
doesn't it come eyes that they are like
green yeah yeah if you were a superhero
this would be a look for knickers up
with your eyes that kale and kale ah or
on something here we all knew something
it's amazing it's so cool well yeah I
don't really know what to do now guys
but my hair is is green it helps
somewhere in black as I'll probably
makes me sound wanna do yes so do you
guys think I can pull this look off I
really really really wish they did this
you know like a bleach blonde because I
really want to know what my hair looks
like dyed blonde but I'm too scared to
just spit up oh yeah I'll just go bleach
my hair but they don't do one in this if
anyone has any tips on how I could try
that out without dyeing my hair let me
know in the meantime give this video a
thumbs up if you want me to buy my hair
a random color why not permanently
why not there is 2016 quite a fat why
did I say that 2016 oh your resolutions
big ones little ones trick you our
shitty ones you got to find your
solution but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I am now gonna go and
wash my hair but I'll remind kit I might
keep the rest of the day I will see you
tomorrow with another video I love you
guys bye
