yo what is up guys and welcome back to a
watching youtubers first videos number 5
today we're going to be watching - boy
youtubers one who inspired me to start
YouTube and the other who is my mate
but you didn't inspire me to start
YouTube right the other guy did but hey
so the first guy is Shane Dawson many of
you know he like yeah inspired me to
start YouTube blah blah blah blah this
video apparently the first video on here
is Houdini's Street magic this is
probably gonna be a bit weird because
it's Shane Dawson and we all know he's
like let's see what this is I don't know
if I've seen this I thought it was like
Fred is this James intro is this an
intro
oh you're testy TV at four okay so it's
obviously nice first video but what an
interest-only looks like creepy toys
staring into the camera on me around you
can see this is an old school because
the webcam just when I'm ready Shane are
you ready I'm ready shed three two one
mmm oh my god
oh thanks the genie street magician what
I would be be here the magician is
making yo shit it's the perk you can see
sounds like she's anything
I love what is kinda stable let's just
walk around now well I'm gonna be
playing some tricks some Street we do
that wait some real Street magic the
music in the bad girls alright I need I
think we give my life for my characters
get your card no no you sure no told you
right look live is to save her glasses
can be good
oh this what doors closes oh is that
gonna be a hot dog how about what this
is so random so so wrong you are about
to swallow this butcher knife God well
is he gonna do this
ready ready my stomach so cool shit get
me brother don't get on the camera do
Sumomo I know I like it please out there
was like shit I miss Shane's main
channel videos so much man
can you like please upload some more
Shane because I really really like them
but yeah even back then how he had his
intro then sketch then the outro it's
the same as like it's a few years
next up and this is first video cares hi
first of a video a lot of youtubers
don't have them on their page so what a
more fair to care package kill para news
verso video you little camper was there
not even talking Wow watered said a
video JJ my best online goal ever scored
you can sweaty boy watch go onto a track
down still notice just literally
uploading these videos I mean it's good
it's not like it'll raise like my best
ever online dogs hello JJ and voiceover
FIFA 11 fail or voiceovers where's the
voiceover this game sometimes he is so
monotone might to what he's like now his
little reactions like oh come on it's
fun come on my son
oh we're good yes come on get in there
my son is so do be squeezed probably
frailer camera on the floor often score
on that now all here more talking more
how to always win matches in FIFA no
track and Lighting's sweating this is
actually quite fun it'll be back pass
the ball across those sheep I find this
really funny I don't have any of you
guys you munch on it this is amazing
that is more like you can hear it
starting to come out in those videos and
there we go that rounds up this day's
video of youtubers first videos again as
always let me know what you want to see
in the comments below
I should react to and what kind of staff
the next plan so yeah hope you guys
enjoy it I'll see you tomorrow another
video all right bye but the Berber
Berber bye bye bye bye
