yo what up with your sexy face sir hey
do I look really weird in this I don't
know this jumper look I don't don't have
any arms I'm just kind of hello okay
maybe it's just me I don't know maybe
I'll do the video like this instead yo
yo possibly the weirdest intro ever I'm
doing another trying video today don't
really know what we've got we've just
got three strange foods from around the
world somewhere the first thing is today
so this is a doughnut I have no idea
where this is from cacao coated cake
cocoa with sour cherry sauce how I carry
sauce this language I don't know where
this is from it looks like it's some
form about Arabic maybe where's this
from Alvin is literally like Arabic
Istanbul only had Istanbul Turkey boom
this is from Turkey a doughnut from
Turkey only took me three minutes figure
that out looks a bit salt gone off
smells bit rank very dry very much but
no liquid in my mouth
that is a driest thing I've ever eaten
in my life guys can we just talk about
on the packaging how it has like cherry
liquid inside it definitely doesn't I
mean it definitely does not have that
inside it it was like the driest dry
it's like been left out in this horror
desert for a couple of months right so
oh god this looks this is like another
thing this is an old capetti cupcake
strawberry again I think it might be the
same people
looks like it's got strawberries in it's
probably not going to have those it
let's be honest made in Turkey okay so
another turkish thing there we go uh
yeah Hecky cupcake get one looks
extremely dry doesn't it I'm not sure
about this at all
quite flavorsome but very very dry and
how they made that shrubbery look there
when my finger is not how it looks there
is it just not I mean that is not I'm
squishing that and that is how much
strawberry look at one little dot there
and last but not least well last but
least we have this Sorrell bar which is
hate Oh hazelnuts
hazelnut and dark chocolate cream-filled
covered with dark chocolate where this
from Turkey this is also Turkish so I
didn't even know that all this stuff's
from Turkey so there we go this is
trying things from Turkey Sorrell yeah
hey okay here we go turkey oh oh oh home
what a hot dog hazelnut for exactly
really nice argue about seven and a half
at ten and there we go that pretty much
sums up trying things from Turkey
although didn't realize that they were
all from Turkey that was kind of
coincidental wasn't too too fond of the
first two things the third thing though
really we liked it so if any of you are
from Turkey
do you eat those have you had those do
you know those probably but yeah I hope
you enjoyed this video let me know where
you want me to try stuff out around the
world from next and I will see you
beautiful be with tomorrow moving on
video
all right upon me goodbye bye
