hello there beautiful people and welcome
to a video that could offend some of you
so if swearing offends you or people get
angry other people this may not be the
video for you but give it a go Hey
basically as this video that was posted
the other day and it was like this is
the best video you'll see today the
funny thing you'll see today and is it's
called British drivers swearing so you
guys aren't Road ragers when you're
driving some people have very very some
people don't
someone cut you up someone doesn't
indicate someone doesn't say thank you
it can annoy you as a driver annoys me
sometimes and I might have a little have
a little rant at those people in my car
but this is a compilation video of
British people swearing at other British
people in car shitting Peugeot thing is
I say that would you like shitting
Peugeot whatever car is sometimes I just
name that car oh my god little bit dick
dick dick
knobby you know bad how come all these
people filming I've never seen someone
film in their car in the UK
haha white cups been over time I'm
pretty sure that's the same guy that was
like you dickhead
Laurie overtaking a lorry on that road
is not ideal you shouldn't be doing that
yo you fare in situations like that I'd
be like that like if someone's literally
nearly made you crash
you're my natural reaction is to
instantly swear all kinds of different
words what the fuck some people just
can't drive fucking Oh what the hell are
you doing
she absolutely mere be bit nicer she's a
little kid my bike bad cold Ollie was
leaving no clothes or these I can't do
with these clothes cool crashes
the funny thing is he's got really
relaxing music honor that he's just like
fuck toxa oh my god what the British
worth that is my dad's fact my dad has a
lot of road rage my dad does this thing
do you guys know what it's like when you
drive past someone but someone's annoyed
you're driving and you drive past and
you do the stare like your foot
you nearly crash yourself because you're
so set on just giving this person the
biggest evils that is my dad I my dad
loves driving past like you bloody
tosser like dad you do know he can't
hear you you can't actually hear what
you're saying
yo what's he laughing me that's not road
rage that's a decent reason to be
annoyed what jesus wept
oh what's this person to say about lady
dolls that would annoy me
so that is in the car of his mom as well
twice twat
I use that a lot I say - I quite a lot
just drove into the van to be fair I
have Oh mate see what's he getting why
did he come I wouldn't seem get punching
or something
that's an aggressive horn yo oh my god
their car just like full-on Road all
right and that is Kenna and that is
gonna round up that that video there
that that was rather funny I think
watching British people get annoyed
what's driving I don't know if we I
don't know British people a renowned for
having a very rage or people around the
world also ever I'm sure it's a common
thing for people to get annoyed at other
people's Drive in but yeah hopefully you
guys enjoyed that video if you didn't
make sure to get big thumbs up I don't
see you tomorrow with another video all
right love you guys
