hello people welcome back to a fan
fiction video you can see I'm in the
vest
you know what guys I think we're going
to make fan pics on Friday a thing I've
seen your tweets I've seen your comments
the amount of you that want fan fiction
Friday to be a thin it's now going to be
a thing not necessarily every Friday I'm
not saying every single Friday but on
some Fridays is going to be fanfiction
Friday when I'm in a vest it's going to
be fanfiction Friday so I've been having
a look how low look on Wattpad I've been
listening some your comments I'm going
to go with another Marcus Butler
fanfiction so I think that's partly some
of the reason why it's so funny because
I'm reacting to it about myself there is
one called insanity a Marcus Butler
fanfiction this has had 100,000 reads so
who quite a few people have seen it and
we're just gonna dive right in
Wow this is crazy I can't believe I'm
going to London for a month it's so
exciting that my professor chose me many
other students in my class to travel and
have an amazing experience I'm Allison
IMS I'm from a suburb of Boston
Massachusetts I'm a student at Boston
University and sunny psychiatry and
human buyer I always did love to learn
and I grew fascination with human mind
and what drove certain people turned
sanity you know their breaking point
yeah love D yeah this is Gary deep it's
called insanity
so she gonna be driven to her breaking
point oh not only do I love the idea of
bonding with other geeks looks are the
travelling I always did want to spend
some time in England but I never had a
chance to my friends also joke a power
fall in love with some Brit and never be
seen again and turned to a murder case
or I'll be caught in some war and have
to fight for freedom that is amazing I
mean we don't we don't have loads of
wars just casually happening in the UK
but there is no time for negative
thoughts I'm going to London for a month
to do something I truly love and plan on
doing for the rest of my life
I'm here I made it finally I was
surprised I even slept on the plane I
thought it's going to be too excited to
even blink be a bit weird thought
blinking for like eight hours straight
though that was quite a large
undesirable man behind me you could not
get enough of those peanuts a fat
shaming just for heard hurried towards
the outside of the airport to flag down
a cab good morning
where to Wow the Carinthia I tempted to
pronounce I handed him directions
knowing that he need to sit you out
bloody oh she's got some money said
agree yeah you ought to watch out in
London doesn't matter where you are or
who you are the walker or the driver
these roads dangerous either way they
good taxi boy it's good Sarah is over
dropped me off my hotel wish me luck in
the city as soon as I stepped into my
room I jumped onto the bed with a smirk
on my face I love this the city the
people who travel the hotel everything
which room is that I thought I came to
the building perfectly fine no problem
but I can't seem to find room 267 as I
reached up the stairs there is a boy
holding open the door with the welcome
and smile hey you here for the
internship by an are you also in the
internship
indeed I am along with the internship I
also am a professional door holder I've
been trained since I was six absolute
balance amazing absolutely love your
work I say stepping through the door
into the hallway so so you are drew I'm
from London born and raised and my
accent is thick and amazing Ali I said
with the laughs oh she's shorter named
Alison Oh
Ali ha ha ha ha well Ali now that we are
BFFs we can totes it together the
internship I should save you a seat
ah yes alas my door opening skills await
my presence yeah Geoff but no bad mate
who knew I'd meet someone as crazy as me
at this thing for wild all the interns
will be working with a professional
psychiatrist and will work hands-on just
as was promised in the information
packet unaware I'd Marx is going to be
like we're sorry laughs okay you should
yes I mean then she's gonna meet him
through that I that's a good prediction
so how do you like all of the other
interns
they're nice not nearly as nice as me
though so what's your impression of the
rest of the interns I asked they're all
right that one girls kind of a bitch the
redhead yeah like you clearly have to be
smart to get in here you don't have to
tell everyone about it how high your GPA
is agreed I am a little bitch sesh yep I
hope she doesn't fall in love with this
true guy
I don't like Harry oh really yeah do you
have any plans for tonight
not currently why well if you wanted you
come over Netflix and I yeah some of my
friends will be over and I think it
might be nice for you to know people
outside of your hotel that's quite nice
nice one drew sounds good text me your
address later when did you exchange
numbers it's not a big deal yeah I'm
going to me Marcus where's Marcus
where's my 8 o'clock rolls around when I
arrived at Drew's apartment open the
door and I see a big open apartment with
large windows overlooking London and a
group of boys sing on Drew's navy blue
couch with big grins
on their faces as they look in my
direction hey girl
howdy I send an over exaggerated select
and guys this is Ali Ali these are the
guys so how are you America well they're
just so fun a jokes on it I talk to all
of the boys all seem pretty cool right
Ali cluding one who was quite the ass so
the ass otherwise known as Zach asked if
you were to diagnose me of something
what would you diagnose me with I can
tell Zach has been hitting on me and
flying all night I would diagnose you
have over varying conceitedness and
unnecessary flirting because it will
clearly not work Oh a jack one of the
twins shouted burn in the kitchen I
refill my water as one of the other guys
came in you really showed Zach he said
really I thought I came off as quite the
bitch he did a cheeky side grin as he
poured himself some coke I don't know
what you came off as intelligent maybe
but you certainly didn't come off as a
 they were treating him present me
missed him all right they usually girls
fall for Zach in his little games and
they sleep with him I suppose I'm not
like the rest no you definitely are
you're Marcus right glad I said that
about being a to someone that's
cool
yeah I'm Marcus I'm sorry I didn't
introduce myself properly I miss your
voice like
my mom and I have always been close
since I was the youngest in the family
and there is a large age difference
between my sister and I my sister is 10
years older than me yeah it's crazy I
know her name is Caitlin Katie and I
were close when I was younger but after
she went to college and started to grow
up and live with her boyfriend things
shifted therefore when I grew up I was
certainly the more awkward child that's
partly the reason I wanted to become a
psychiatrist I always felt like I was
too young to date so I was always
nervous to tell my mom and my dad was my
dad so you know
no no what I've dated guys but nothing
was ever too serious except for one whom
I lost my virginity to nobody knows that
though and I plan on keeping it that way
his name was Brendan he was one of my
best friends and I felt like I could
tell him anything we dated for two years
he went to school in California and I
was in Boston we broke it off saying
that we'd get back together if we wanted
to
what's wrong that story victory that's
my nice leg but you with some 14 years
oh yeah - they need to hide that love ya
that's not prom time well I mean it
feels like it's going quite long to get
into this just just to be aware I filmed
for 26 minutes and we haven't really
found out that much I mean Alison's net
more good but what's going to happen is
Alison gonna have a love story like in
with Brendan who knows but bad vision
Friday is back so give the video a
thumbs up if you are happy those back
and I will see you tomorrow with another
video bye
and I heard dr. Lewis speak out to one
of her patients who just arrived she
asked the man if he would mind if I work
with him today and he agreed they both
came in
I turned and this was no man it was a
guy a pretty cool guy a guy named Marcus
do
