yo hello everybody how are you doin
welcome to a third installment know
fourth installment of guest the
childhood something so so far we've had
yes the childhood song we've had guests
the childhood film gets the childhood TV
show and now we go guests the childhood
cartoon say we get based off of the
theme tune in the intro and I've got to
get the year you guys know how it works
so let's see if I'm any good at it and
let's see if you guys are any good at as
well oh my god what is this are you
sources sometimes it's fact I'm this the
kids that with the hair has you got
lloyd in the name of that oh yeah I
remember that kids always is something
is like I know Lloyd's in it I don't
know what though really was I want to
say I know it's not but like what's up
Lloyd Lloyd in space yeah
that's not jihad there's with cartoons
to yesteryear that's so hot because at
least with like other stuff you can see
what people are wearing like what they
look like but cartoons mm I always get
them out by one every time this is a oh
my god again
Simeon would be okay I'll give it to his
bar and then the rest
technically obviously not a cartoon but
you know is that the puppet and a car
run I call remember that the basil brush
that was a 2003 2002 so your power no on
a knob
but yeah
eirick and this is is this in the 90s
the first time yeah this is so cool what
she put in there although which one of
them used to really piss me off it's
almost black K called like Veronica or
something it's blossom Buttercup and
bubbles yes it blue one is bubbles quite
a firm aren't ya 97 98 I won't ever get
it like
luckily gets the year this is is this
something like Ned's me but no I
remember this isn't W something does
know is his name not Wayne might be
there might be its name I used to love
this ice watches off to school oh my god
he likes something on something no yes
free was but and then something
something there's a family but is this a
kindness time to do with family but it's
like their relationship brothers no no
is it medium with Twitter see link twins
yet oh it's not the quick the crazy
twins no begin to see the not the Kray
twins
no way I literally got I can see it in
my head the last sports people get it
the love sports people get a sport
people get yeah well you guys begin to
see you see what I mean I've gotta get
the the no competitive no no or anything
you like do this sport
you see an entry that makes you stop
yeah
cut what does really impress me off the
money yeah this now look try think it's
an injury that makes you stop I mean
I've wanted your width but you get in
your legs but you can't get a cramp to
it yes yeah I'm going 2003 know what to
be a man it's a long time no Courage the
Cowardly Dog
when I got that I don't remember
watching that 2009 at Lich every year
literally every year I think we've
missed it by one year Pingo this has
gotta be nineties that's gotta be 90s
no no smell 2002 yeah oh wow
that song is so 1980 pingu is like oh
integer yeah Wow thirty years ago off
the point now Thomas Tank Engine I used
to love this and as a kid what was the
run knowing of an animatronic Thomas and
something Thomas and Friends yeah
they've also cool Thomas the Tank Engine
either way nineties it's definitely your
p90 no no it's not vintage don't even
think oh off 78-84 wow that's so
cool why
so how did they do it was every episode
of ready at different rates yeah I used
to I just think she was really hot oh
yes area I have a picture of me and Max
my best mate max dressed up as these two
for a Halloween party no I don't think
it was Halloween oh my god we dressed up
and went into home park the park where
he stood in Brighton and walked around
in that dog's outfit it is that picture
by the way luckily it is vintage as well
yeah like more vintage and the others
yes 70s no not earlier than yes thanks
was created earlier in 60s
that's an MIT that's created incredible
like 50 years ago I mean I was obvious I
know so much about 60s so I'm going with
so judge score is 8 of 16 for a defender
a table 16 it looks like I don't do much
better than 50% on all of these so
that's I'd be doing really well in
school if this was my my subject but I
hope you guys are doing this video as a
would the other ones if you enjoy it and
you want to see this in a series let me
know by giving it a thumbs up and we'll
do it in a series but yeah other than
that I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see
your sexy face tomorrow all right bye
