hello how are you doing today
these are apparently nine things you
should never search for on Google
according to Reddit so knowing what read
it's like that's probably going to be
all kinds of weird stuff right it being
reddit has put together a brief list of
things that you really shouldn't Google
either way you should be warned that if
you do choose to search for things on
the blow list they may not have pleasant
results okay number one for Nia no idea
what Fournier is like just Google a
Orlando Magic NBA player Evan for Nia's
nickname is never Google and there's a
reason for Nia Evan for Nia yeah that's
who ya in oh my oh my fucking god how
does that not make you feel sick if it
what is I can't tell what it does easy
oh oh
it is meeples or something oh well I
don't know oh oh my god it is mom yeah
oh oh this is a normal guy oh my god oh
pretty glad that started off well
crocodile without reading it let's just
go for this Oh
flesh-eating drug look at this that's a
person's hand
that's not real that can't be real
highly addictive flesh-eating drug those
are zombies Benes leg shit ah oh my god
where's their Ferb also where are the
bones may that is rank the side effects
of the often illegally produced drugs
include toxic substances which can cook
the skin oh sure right which has been
used as a substitute for heroin and
Russia and Ukraine never do crocodile in
Russia or Ukraine people your favorite
food number three your favorite food
mouth lava do i do i wanna google that
we confirm exactly what you'd expect and
shouldn't go there oh this is gonna feel
fun isn't huh hmm oh my god what what is
that what is that it looks like we've
got
sex in his mouth shit the bed there's
that seems to be the only picture of
that though oh my god oh oh she's a
large worm Portman up what the fool what
am I doing this myself why am I going
through all of these images and just
said Google haven't you heard the 100%
true thing about the infinite loop in
the world and then number six calculus
bridge it's not really a hard math
problem it sounds up and doesn't it it's
why why is it these mouths things is
hardened plaque across the teeth a big
old chunk of it generally it has to be
chipped away by dentist it's not pretty
Oh what that's not real that I'm sorry
that is not real that's like someone's
got stolen their mouth yeah but hello
Gollum he he doesn't have any teeth oh
oh my god that's like someone oh he
needs to visit the dentist this is if
anything's gonna make me go and brush my
teeth to get a worm in your mouth Oh
sake go back to it would you be like
would you be embarrassed is that why you
don't goes with it it's like you must go
but vlog that all right guys you don't
mug it in my mouth today your email
address it can be illuminating to see
what your link to online sometimes
terrifying Oh Harlequin ichthyosis by
OSIS it's a severe genetic disease in
which at birth a child's skin is encased
in thick white place of skin separated
by deep cracks
this is many complications because there
are cracks in the skin the newborns are
more susceptible to infection constant
character quite to protect moisturize
the skin oh my god that's so sad no way
that doesn't that does not look that is
not a real geez oh my god oh wow
number nine yours your symptoms this is
so so true if you guys so many of you
must that before you get anything
anything at all that's wrong with you
you google it and you read into it and
there's always like be this could be
this could be it
oh it could be this fatal disease that's
gonna kill you and you're gonna die
tomorrow
and because you've read that that you
then instantly think that you have that
and you put everything that you've
thought of those things going on then
you put it relate to that and then you
just like drive yourself crazy so don't
do that from experience go to your
doctor trust me like never just Google
something oh yeah I've got that because
most the time you're probably wrong true
fact well that concludes a very weird
video today I've seen some strange
things and some slightly interesting
things sorry if I've offended any of you
or ruined any of like your mental day
viewing but I hope you found it
somewhere interesting if you did give it
a thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
with another video all right let me get
back
