yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
hello everybody how's it going do you
like my nice bright the sort of jumper
thing it's extremely bright but it is so
freakin comfortable today I am trying
weird crisp flavors crisps potato chips
chips whatever you want to call them
some of them sound quite nice some of
them sound not nice at all
we've got my desk chair in rather than
my usual little chair because my back is
really hurting today guys this light
supports my back properly rather than
the little chair yes I'm having a little
cry some of these crisps sound really
good some of them don't
first up we've got sweet and sour mango
chutney by Oh my guru taste of the wise
man go chutney crisps be fair smells
really good
oh they're really good but old Marcus
would destroy that whole pack in like 10
seconds new Marcus though not today Matt
will destroy those though you're gonna
go oh my oh my god told you next we have
got symbol crisps never ever seen these
or heard of these before
these are mrs. HS balls chutney
flavoured potato crisps no ideas bring
their pants up
so what about crinkle crinkle crisps
though isn't it here we go yeah they're
really good as well really a very sweet
unloved crinkle crisps as well
oh these go out of date very very soon
17th of April but these are Bluebird
cheese and bacon rations for ultimate
hunger attacks now I would add of any of
these Chris by the way where are these
from these are from New Zealand so peeps
from New Zealand
do you eat these are they any good we're
about fine now oh my god they're like
the weirdest shape in the world what is
that that meant to be like the bird on
the front it's so winded okay here we go
oh oh wow oh my oh my words the initial
hit they are the cheesiest crisps I've
ever had in my life Wow like the first
bite just like blows this cheese powder
your throat not sure about that at all
here we have got oh not sure about these
we got another symbol pack of crisps
these are tomato sauce flavored to
everyone walkers did that walkers
brought out Marmite crisps ketchup
crisps and there was another one but I
remember also really really random do
you guys ever remember in the UK Heinz
bought out green ketchup and there was
also purple ketchup tasted exactly the
same it was just green but literal think
it was purple a definitely remember
green I used to love that I mean they
look very tomato sauce it smell tomato I
mean you'd expect them to smell tomato
sauce you wouldn't here know what
they're actually really good the thought
of having tomato favorite crisp wasn't
really that appealing to me but they've
they've done themselves proud there that
tastes what a nice tomato sauce crisps
should taste like
well done Simba and next up we have got
another oh my guru tasted the wise cool
rater what I don't know what cool rater
even in nor don't know where these
crisps are prom yeah is India meat sauce
is a traitor oh okay cool raita is a
medley of subtle onion mint coriander
with hints of garlic and roasted cumin
that will heighten your taste buds and
leave you craving for more not entirely
sure about that description a flavour
for a packet of crisps if I'm being
completely honest mint and onion and
cumin I love cumin Omo Oh
not bad at all I mean they taste like
Indian spice in YUM Oh No there we go
that rounds up trying some random crisp
flavors from around the world some of
them are from your country if there are
other crisps that you guys eat your
potato crisps were chips whatever you
call them let me know and maybe I'll do
them in a part 2 video and give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it I
will see you beautiful people tomorrow
of another video bye
