hey yo what's up people welcome to vlog
welcome to an exciting vlog
it's an exciting blog because you can
tell by the title what's going to happen
but I am getting a nother tattoo
one of those things that's inked on your
body I got last time made a video about
I'm getting another one today and I've
come to Hamburg in Germany to do it the
guy's so good and I love the last tattoo
who gave me you have come back to
Hamburg for that I timed it well cos
Steffi has a job in Hamburg I was gonna
go to Berlin anyway so I've flown to
Hamburg instead get the tattoo and then
we get the train back to Berlin but
because it's another exciting thing I
thought I'd brought yet also yeah I'm a
bit ill so you can probably hear that
sorry about that yeah it's cold and
hamburger just got here just got a
coffee and about to get a car and head
there I've even got a little food bag
with me look at this this is like I
traveled with it I'll show you later
it's like full on meal packages and
stuff anyway to the tattoo that's good I
hope I can maybe show you guys some
Hamburg I don't I'm gonna have time but
even this road alone
I'll show it's such a beautiful place
Hamburg came here once before just
behind me but there's like a lovely big
lake and it's really nice yes anyway
I've just signed the paperwork etc now
I'm walking round because they have two
places and his place is around the
corner so I'm heading that now oh by the
way if I explained how my journey I
nearly missed my flight so I left mine
move enough time got in my car
yeah we're driving for like 30 minutes
then I was like I don't recognize this
way and I go to Heathrow a lot and I
look on my phone I was like oh that's
weird we've got in the wrong way and I
said strivers like we're going to heat
for right and he was like oh are we I
was like yeah yeah it's why I've got a
suitcase and everything go T for some ah
yeah we basically drove to complete
wrong way and we had it doesn't sound as
stressful as it was but I was honestly
 myself I got to the airport 40
minutes before my plane was taking off
and that's when checking closes I
sprinted to the shaking desks out of
suitcase to drop and I begged them I was
it shaped these guys I have to make this
flight please they were speaking
everyone calling everyone they were like
ok we'll let you on this time I was like
oh you've just made my day thank you
it's the design it's a lightbulb and
inside there's a tree I literally love
that that's the position it's going to
be and I say it's less painful than
Aloha
so we stopped for a break
we've been going to and a half hours
I'll show you how it's at right now
there's not much left to go but it's
looking amazing the details so cool
who's filming you my camera is arrived
Oh your camera yeah yourselves a
different tomorrow mate what do you mean
let's play fifa no that's a camera take
over from me
I'm Stephanie his girlfriend my
girlfriend okay hi that's it I'm gonna
film now because I'm so much better at
it
you know when I said Hamburg look nice
but I didn't show you any of it there
you go
right can I just say Germany officially
has so much nicer Christmas spirit than
England like this is a train station
yeah look I swear London Victoria does
not like this
so we may have a cheating McDonald's
allergy
and shots over here because we're ill
Kenda makes us better though this is the
worst part ha
similarly we all think it's better to
slow or fast ah uh-huh
cuz tattoo by the way guys it's a bit
like an open wound that's why I hurt so
much happy very happy also I want to say
you guys posted a picture last night and
like thousands of people were crying
saying I copied Shawn Mendes first of
all Shawn obviously has very good taste
in style secondly I had no idea Shawn
had this tattoo third get over it lychee
it's a light bulb like we both have a
light bulb cool what we've got inside is
completely different so looks different
yeah so what the filets you crying just
take your tissue it's gonna be okay
in me as your girlfriend I think I'm
allowed to say there's your tattoo looks
so much better
we love Shawn's music we really do
