Matt Matt sounds quite good in American
Matt Matt
Marcus Marcus he Marcus
how's that for American accent guys
eternal I put my headphones in already I
filmed a video eight o'clock
thing that's probably keenest I've ever
been in the morning to film off Marcus
video hello beautiful sexy people
welcome to the channel or how are you
doing today
still like my eyes look like they're who
wanted to be closed that is because they
do want to be closed from very sighs no
good it's a good morning because
sometimes I struggle with sleep and last
Mountains on them so good but that
doesn't matter because we are today
going to be looking maybe laughing at I
feel bad to laugh at but probably
feeling sorry for marriage scenario has
gone wrong
weddings gone wrong not marriage sorry
marriage scenarios weddings that's why
men weddings gone wrong I didn't know
this was a thing but apparently it is
people getting married and then well you
know it's the thing I can't ever imagine
doing that can you imagine getting cold
feet when you're at the altar can you
ever imagine getting cold feet they ask
you know I can eat no that's I just said
I'm like how who does that you can
imagine having a freakout if you just
have like a panic attack
the morning but why would you have a
panic attack it's like I think it will
be a teacher not a sense of like I'm
getting married person I love it's not
like oh my god there's 100 people out
there a bit of anxiety yeah I understand
that but I'm not reaching out yeah
that's why you see that I've a drink and
then I'm good makes in that situation
yeah so let's have a look now that phone
can go in there we go we're on board
Jimmy than engineers Wow
so happy
oh okay oh my god
so that's why means already gone wrong
like knocking out at the wedding
odd I don't drop it don't drop oh okay
that's all means our wedding some wrong
not like rejection just uh I've seen
like there's plastic on some people are
falling in rivers and stuff I'm not sure
if they'll be involved in here but yeah
have the Rings oh no not the ring not
the ring I was going to drop them down
great oh my oh my god why was there no
more of that video he's just dropped the
Rings in a river and that the silent oh
oh I think when my dad got married when
I was a kid I've only means a couple of
items before my dad got hired as a kid I
was was I the ring bearer
no I don't think it was actually but I
did read a poem now there's a cool smoke
it's the way I've ever in my entire life
I've seen on faith on his man
so it oh my god
you know how about I want to go and want
200 so much okay pulling in Mac because
that might not be fair ah a good thing I
honestly thought that dog was a person
what's the dog gone as a pig does bigger
and bigger than the dress by the hole
just get the dog out of picture please
clearly does wanna me involved
you're slipping you're flipping out
control here what is reduce you should
not do the backflip thing with that what
you doing just as long it's gonna lick
her somewhere else oh oh she was fired
that is amazing I mean is hilarious I
mean very classy to do that but was that
like a prank that guy just walking on
the street in it you know what let me
just that on it then why Scottish but
never a good idea human pyramid never
about it did you see a human pyramid at
school yeah I can you know I can imagine
you one on ones on the top yeah I was
always on the bottom that's worse
well that's life or not at the top of
but a little collide all collapses
bundle yeah hey I love bundles no fancy
as you didn't know if his wife out is
how is that gone wrong what is he trying
to do as awful my only friend
Xabi
oh whoa damn fire away
what sorry
professionalism that is fine is that
it's just been set on fire these
t-shirts got a hole in it he's like goes
out and it's just like back then we just
adjust that focus spares what the
frickin hell was the heart what why is
no one else like are you okay
various the guy thinks he can do the
worm and backflip and not oh my god if
that was like a UFC fight you are out
cold though i slippery stairs than that
I think your buck was more an idea that
one idiot ourselves off guys you live
together the government is so cute oh no
kid what are yours laughing so high in
spirit and it's fair what a legend if
you put that bucket as you lost it again
the files getting to think what rather
than that silly she will help em or the
music even Scott that's God we want to
make the famous
cock-ups mom back to Japan shit why is
no stopping him that's a nice family God
surely there's I come on it's pretty
choppy today let's not stand that close
to the water
oh oh
how does that happen did he get a suit
late and they're just like low we
haven't got your size you have to take
six eyes up that's fine this has gotta
knock men well as a oh that address as
well she must in how does that happen
I'm Tory how does that happen did you
also to school like MP run up behind
people and like Pauly Shore town no I
had it done to me quite a lot me
Arvind asked about lon yeah I like it we
easily thing to do I mean I could have
told you that wasn't gonna work secondly
thought down her back oh my god this a
fine now there oh there she is our Ghana
absolute honour
good song
it was the person on the bacterium of
what looking a hockey stick
be fair oh my god she native oh my god
oh my god that is such a disaster
someone's gonna knock her out it's gonna
happen mommy I told you that rounds up
marriage is gone wrong I really hope you
did enjoy today's video if you did you
not do make sure you get big thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and I will see
you beautiful people tomorrow another
video alright goodbye to make a big
moment
