we're on the bowl we're on the ball so
I've just been rewashing ant and DEC's
we're on the ball football song if
anybody knows what that is you get five
Marcos points remember Marcos points
they were a thin might now bring those
back so good luck getting five Marcus
points right today I am finding out
where should you have actually studied
abroad it's also very bright in here
it's very bright in here because it's a
glorious day outside right guys should
have hair like this that's the D and
then the Sun gun yeah now the sun's in a
 cloud and then it goes dark
British weather for you anyway where
should you actually have studied abroad
what would you eat for your last meal
wait does that mean like your last meal
in life or what did you have for your
last meal sushi steak literally anything
as long as it's spicy chocolate veggies
fries pasta grilled cheese tacos got
these sake for me
what dog do you want to hug and never
let go oh my god that first dog is so
cute oh so is the bottom middle one do I
go bottom middle or do I go top left
oh I mean because it's like hugging
there I'm going top left I don't know
what that dog is what dog is that does
anyone know what type of dog that is
your invite to a black-tie pie pick your
ride oh my god a yacht a motorcycle
ataxia bike I'll take the subway bus
I'll Drive myself rent a limo thanks for
the invite but no thanks I'm throwing
the party I would be throwing the party
on a yacht that I don't own yeah you're
like is there any cooler way to turn up
to a party than a yacht pick your
signature drink here we go
iced tea coconut water tea coffee beer
wine straight up vodka juice water I
don't know what would you say is my
go-to drink
I think it's good is it yeah it's either
coffee water or juice know how that
means use that much coffee coffee so
have you had every day yeah this is
gonna be America at this rate isn't it
steak and coffee
cool where's your idea of a perfect
Sunday morning hanging with the families
sitting on an empty beach that's uncle
going for a hike that sounds cool
shopping at the farmers market 200
Sunday mornings wake and bake but get
high what I hate I think I'm gonna say
it means baking cookies bed drunk brunch
Sunday is either gonna be - uh Nova for
Sunday mornings but I'm not gonna go
with that because I'm sensible it's
either it's gonna be sick going for a
hike sitting on a empty beach going for
art I know this is hard going for a bike
sitting on a beach in on an empty beach
pick a color blue orange black for what
though because my favorite color is
orange and black so oh I'm gonna go
black who would you want to be stuck in
an elevator with Robert Downey jr. Amy
poop Hoover has a surname JT Taylor says
Paul Rudd Jennifer Lawrence John
Krasinski Lupita Nyong'o Aaron Paul
that's a tough one that is a really
tough one for me stand out is JT Paul
Rudd Aaron Paul Jennifer Lawrence Taylor
Swift quite a lot on there so how do I
choose you know what I'm gonna stuck in
a left whip I'm gonna have to go with
Paul Rudd because he's so funny I think
he would just constantly crack Jackie
keep you entertained for the whole time
and my reason for JT would be he's just
so cool and he could sing and dance and
just have fun but I'm going to Paul Rudd
who the worst people in the world people
who can't walk in text to people at
concerts harsh people who obsess about
the gym people who don't use headphones
or that does my head and people who cut
in line that does my head in morning
people my roommate people who spoil your
show that is so hard for me this is such
a good quiz
it's either people who cut in line or
people who don't use headphones I'm
going people who cut in line like I've
been in line the whole time if someone
jumps in pick your go-to emoji is
usually the laughing face I'm not let me
did you not let's have a look top left
of my car you can see top left emoji is
laughing paste for me so I
yes that is laughing face and then
thumbs up so yeah laughing pills which
of the below best describes you daring
caring driven laid-back goofy
predictable anxious playful loyal one
yeah it's not free that's it laid-back
yeah
my top three I'd give is laid-back
driven yeah
caring too hard guys
it's so fun laid-back and driven and
like kind of opposites but I am both of
those the most laid-back person I know
yeah my mom says that sometimes it's
stretchy I've never seen you like roots
really stress I'll go laid-back everyone
says that I am very laid-back person to
the point where sometimes it like almost
stresses people out because that there
be stress and I'm just like yeah yeah no
it's cool right don't worry about that
okay here we go you got one Oz Eris grab
your tanning oil and bathing suit you're
heading to Buenos Aires your laid-back
bird venturous you're always down for
anything you're the life of the party of
being fun everywhere you go no wonder
everyone wants to be your friend ah
isn't that sweet
I'm well chuffed with that you know just
colleagues yeah Buenos Aires like I'm
chuffed of that I've never been or
should I go should we go to Buenos Aires
in South America if maybe we should take
a trip to South America guys what do you
think about that that's one of my the
funnest quizzes I've done a thing and so
I hope you guys enjoyed it give the
video a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video all
right see ya bye
