hello sorry I'm wearing my glasses by
the way if there's light reflection deal
with it basically but I'd rather be able
to see they're not see which is more
important
welcome to a video today could guess the
childhood film based off of the idea
that we did which was guess the
childhood song so I get to watch a
trailer for a film that came out
hopefully when I was a child and I have
to guess the film obviously and the year
it came out so there's 10 points up for
grabs
you guys gonna pan on as well and see
how well we both do
all right you ready for this yeah quite
nervous yeah you ready for this no I'm
not the Disney film on earth already
I've no idea on the year this is um
Freaky Friday Lindsay Lohan licious love
Lindsay Lohan she's definitely the one
yeah parent track the George Perry trap
Freaky Friday yeah I reckon I don't know
if this guest is going to be way too
would it be that old 2004 2003 I was uh
I was honestly about say 2003 and I was
like I just give 2004 off point oh my
god this is this Kluber but oh what a
legend Robin Williams
there's this cover this was such a good
film
I remember one scene of this he put them
in the bottle game took little bits and
something medical oh this is so good
yeah I can't remember what actually
happens in the film low like does he get
into trouble with this
or did you think it's really okay I'm
going
yeah I records in the 1990s yeah I want
to say 97
well those it right absolute pops there
who did you like Space Jam thank you
those all-time favorite film top five oh
my god is it Oh what an old-school phone
that's if you don't
oh my idea is actually really crappy
that's yeah cats and dog yeah well I'm
early 2000 got two options I'm gonna go
over one of them is gonna be 2005 and
the average 2002 I'm gonna go with 2005
2001 what is this gonna be Bend It Like
Beckham yeah I love this was so good I
honestly had the biggest crush from
Fahrenheit ends well
this was such a good fit was attaching a
film or another big hit so I had that
guy what guy
one of carriages oh my god yeah who even
is he
it looks a bit chateau let me just
reverse that he looks a bit like the
doctor from embarrassing body and I
loved this film the year
Sobek and we're still 90 nighters isn't
this bet it's not mine tears it's two
thousand thirty two thousand thousand
four thousand two that early what the
hell
I wouldn't know Beck mister I bet you
knew the days he left I knew the exact
date hasn't very to know the month
nothing day no did you cry when he left
us gutters remember now don't you join
odd
yes upset when out of that did you cook
night you definitely had a little cry I
probably not a luster faster the Champa
see phone you said you never cried at
poker game ever know what cool
what's this I don't think I've seen this
oh my god no I have oh my god I've
definitely seen this oh it sucked so bad
this looks so so bad I don't know I let
you down a bit
I've seen that yeah it was it was like
four films that's the first one was it
BMF it's two words sk super kids
he's fighting Spartacus yeah oh my god I
was gonna yeah I spy kids that looks old
I'm going 1999-2001 that looks so Oh
with a good film really director that
we're doing it on honestly like I don't
know why you start making new sir
so wait what did I get all man yeah five
seven five out of ten I'm pretty
disappointed but that actually although
it's the year you guys know the year
throws you up on this but I still did
all right and if you guys enjoyed this
make sure to give it a thumbs up let me
know what you got and also if you want
to see
this is a series in itself as well
because there's a whole load of
childhood films we could do so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed it I'll see you
tomorrow moon on video bye
