yeah hello my name is Marcus and today
everybody we're going to be taking part
in a tasting video how does that sound
on today's agenda we have got some
Twinkies we've got some peanut butter
finger cups and we've also got some
Hershey's cookies and cream chocolate
this videos do you want the Texas one if
you can anyways on Twinkies okay
butterfingers as in her shoes as opal
Wow now today we got some Twinkies on us
and we've also got some peanut butter
finger cups as a solid Kate Upton thanks
man yeah so anyway going back to the
video I have never had Twinkies
now I know yeah brother oh my gosh Ricky
would dare if your life never - I've
never tried one
they don't look particularly appealing
looks like mayonnaise inside of a Swiss
roll golden sponge with creamy filling
just sounds wrong doesn't it it's not
really gonna be nice is it I don't smell
nice calmly that's the first time I've
ever tried Twinkie just sounds wrong as
well doesn't it Twinkie Twinkie here we
go bottoms up just a bit nothing here
not nice of fan of that I feel like they
are massively overhyped for what
actually tastes like I can't ever
imagine myself thinking I'm craving a
Twinkie but maybe that's just me do you
got deep do people in America eat a lot
of these because I feel like you do but
do you alright next up we're going for
Butterfinger peanut butter cups smooth
and crunchy but he's gonna be like
Reese's do you know what guys I'm
going to get so shot down this I've
never had a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
peanut butter cup in my life this is
what it looks like
I'm guessing it's gonna be similar here
we go oh my gosh over generalize this
may shock some of you but I have only
just recently
started liking peanut butter just
recently I say about a year ago
I never used to like peanut butter when
I was growing up and I was a kid never
really liked it I got almond butter
first love that and then only slowly
moved on to peanut butter so that I'd
give that a solid nine out of ten I was
really good no it's really good for ya
is it terrible you're gonna destroy
remember that day when you had a little
relapse and you ate all my Christmas
chocolate in about five minutes
you fell sick oh no my mom was like did
you enjoy that chocolate I got you baby
next up guys we have got Hershey's
cookies and cream now it's how she's
like the biggest chocolate in America
I've had Hershey's before I don't have
had her she cooks and cream I I'm pretty
sure I have got a story like a vague
store in my head of one time being
really really drunk in America and just
demolishing like so many of these a few
years ago so that's my any real
experience emotions I've also been to
Hershey's what don't have like a
Hershey's world in Times Square or
something like that I've been there
before
cookies and cream candy what that isn't
this chocolate not candy cookies and
cream I know this is gonna taste good
I'm sure it is taste it oh it smells
really good
looky who made you late today Christmas
that's amazing that is so good I like
the texture
what cookies-and-cream yeah I really
thought II enjoyed that Hershey's
chocolate I will give that I'd give that
a nine and a half out of ten it's not
probably terrible for you but hey if you
want to treat every now and again go for
Hershey's chocolate cookies and cream
those are only three sort of American II
bleh but the thing Bobby's so if you
guys have any other recommendations from
America though you want me to do cuz
I've never done one of these things for
America before let me know in the
comments tell me what I should try next
and maybe we'll do it who knows gives
videos I'm moving thumbs up give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you tomorrow with another
video yo bye
