hello and welcome back to watching
youtubers first videos Nero
number four we're on now reading all of
your comments on the previous videos to
see who's you want to see next
so first up we've got the lovely little
he's one with her and little the lovely
fella Connor Franta that's who we've got
first I've never seen its first video
oh my birthday Wow oh look is her like a
little you know like when you turn 11
I'm loving the jump cuts like from
sunset love the music classic first
yuujirou is where it is it Connor did
you dye your hair back then because your
hair is not that color Oh relatable oh
good color this is father not now but
scream really is my birthday today happy
birthday for being 18 back then corner
where you older than me Connor if you're
18 then and think you're than me wait
you this isn't your first video you've
definitely probably hit some of those
videos what's an ATV I don't know 180
tears
Connor you like a massive Harry Potter
fan boy and I didn't know this but doing
that though that's pretty good for one
of your first videos
this isn't you this is definitely not
your first videos oh my god that was bad
for that ah a little blob because all my
videos are worse than this right next up
on our list is the wonderful woman
called superwoman also known as Lily I
have never seen her first video before
so don't always gonna be like but she
smashes it she kills it how to tie a
side turn yay
five years ago that's not that long
Barriss hair intro we go t-shirt I love
how it's film
flipping like poetry as well this is ten
minutes showing how to tie this the turn
out attire side tale of Bhangra I want
to know was this in America was issue
she in Canada at a stage knocking hi
Lily
this is quite a boring video sir no I
mean no okay at looking who's this woman
in the corner that her mom she doesn't
really look that different to be honest
I the music was quite repetitive bump
boot him but he doesn't need to see I
mean hey at least this educational right
at least people are learning from
watching this but just complicate I
don't think there's any cuts in this
whole video I think it's just purely
film and go ID I am quite true the
endings like that looks okay he's got a
massive meheecan on the side of
everything in it whoa that's actually so
cool big thank you to my officer that's
her little brother Sonny there we go
thanks Tina and her pre was that her
first video
why do youtubers remove that first
videos you guys this is like history in
the making I do kind of want to see this
though I'm ill official music video so
is this like the second thing that she
did ah yeah
arm superwoman do it our liquor like a
bravado six lepers I love to like the
wiser to sit a really small box oh my
god is she serious other know she's been
serious ah God look at those braids as
well in me kill'em Oh fresh aid
Chris Brown and Breanna
absolute she swore ball this is
hilarious
I've never seen this is that your actual
tattoos is that real tattoo over there
oh no this is real or not I think this
is actually real and we're gonna leave
it there on that note of watching
finishing watching Lily's sold yeah so
that's another two youtubers done let me
know who you want to see in the comment
section of me watching their first
videos next I've done quite a few so far
but I want to continue it because it's
funny and you guys seem to really like
it so yeah let me know and I will see
you tomorrow with another video all
right bye
