hello today
ladies gentlemen boys and girls we are
going to be finding out together how
much we both know about boobs yes female
breasts yeah this can be added into the
sex related quizzes and stuff that we've
done on this channel already but as
always it's very educational and I
guarantee each and every single one of
you will take something away from this
video I hope I can't guarantee that
actually because I don't know what it is
yet so probably shouldn't guarantee well
I don't know but hey we'll find out here
we go this is the hardest quiz about
boobs you'll ever take breast expert or
boob noob I am neither so yeah what oh
here we go
how am I supposed to know this what's
the most common breast size in the u.s.
breast size right the number is the
distance around your chest right and
then is that it's the letter to do with
like the the car besides like the actual
do you know I mean I can't believe I
just say iron yeah I'm gonna go with 32c
no apparently 34 double D isn't that big
apparently most common bra size is 34 d
these days up from 34 B so people's
boobs have got much bigger what's this
type of bra called
a nice bra it looks nice well I've never
heard of any of these Demi cup
balconette bra let plunge plunge
honestly I'm gonna click I just quite
look by looking at that picture surreal
I'm gonna Brooke bralette no balconette
who would have known a did you know that
and what kind of bra is this oh that's
like a tube one strapless that's what
that is that's a strapless know what
that strapless
ban ban dip and how'd you pronounce that
band a bando bando I've never heard that
before have you ever heard that girls
would you call that a strapless but if
you're wearing that would you go oh yeah
I'm wearing strapless bra or would you
go oh actually I'm wearing a
bandit band doo de doo what's the
largest natural breast size in the world
okay this is a math equation
102 triple Z 140 Triple J 170 Triple Aim
800 double D I mean I don't think
someone's 800 double D that's literally
ridiculous I'm going 140 Triple J 102
triple Z triple Zed is a bra size Oh
what the legend the world's largest
natural breast belong to an e Hawkins
Turner each of our breasts weighs 50 C
that's like 25 Keith that's 50 kilos of
boobs bloody hell that's crazy
true or false some women can reach
orgasm just from breast stimulation well
you know what I know the answer to this
because we had this and I did we have
this in I think we had this in the sex
quiz and you can boom yes I know my
stuff about boobs
true or false doing chest exercises will
give you bigger boobs this is like a
trick question because if you're doing
chest exercises you're gonna get bigger
like muscles there I'm gonna force what
country has the most breast
augmentations per capita does that mean
like plastic surgery Greece Brazil
United States or career I wanted to say
it's the US but I reckon it's like a
trick question and it's actually gonna
be Greece oh why didn't I just go with
my instinct why didn't I do that that's
quite annoying
what percentage of breast reductions in
2015 when performing a man I didn't know
that was a thing I literally didn't know
that was a thing
I'm going five percent 40 percent what
wow I honestly didn't know that was a
thing I've never heard I've heard of
breast reduction for it I've never heard
that for men but I mean it's quite
misleading if they've got a picture of
like an absolutely henge by their butt
that's fascinating
40 percent there you go didn't know that
girl falls women who have breast
implants can't breastfeed ass garbage
folks yeah folks I don't know what the
science behind that but yeah true or
false down a boost for 10 minutes a day
you can actually improve men's health
what I'm gonna say true because I want
that to be true
I wish that was true could you imagine
like and also why men's health like that
is so sexist like it could be anyone's
health for stereo boobs it's a lie do
not fall for this one though a German
study was widely reported to support
this theory
the studying question turned out to be a
hoax the study claimed that men who
stared at breasts more often had fewer
haha problems and low from blood
pressure but now when was the modern bra
invented some modern bra that is that
the strapless is a modern bra a
strapless bra you know the level is at
Brava laughs Brava net or whatever it
was called
I'm going 1923 1889 so that mean was
that the Queen Victoria was that was
that when Queen Victoria was reigning
1837 to January 1901 so going back to
the quiz yes she did she I reckon that
was Queen Victoria that came with a
strapless bra
I don't really see he wasn't but when we
just pretend that she did which one of
these things wasn't used in early breast
implants ox cartilage rubber Bulls pigs
is polyester which of these wasn't used
it's gotta be pig's ears thank God for
that like pig's ears what how many women
have boob jobs in the u.s. each year I
feel like I watched Louie through
documentary not that long ago on plastic
surgery and they probably said the facts
in there but only 250 thousand what was
it what was it
290 thousand who would have known a who
would have known that's a lot of people
getting breast implants every year Wow
you got 4 out of 13 right you're a boob
Lube you need to go back to boob College
and take some extra credit course credit
courses in boobs sounds like fun to be
honest I'm not gonna lie that's pretty
pretty bad but what did you know more
answers than that to me though Rinat
better hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did you know to do smash that
thumbs up button and I'll see you
tomorrow with another video all right
love you guys bye
