hello today I have got a variety of
drinks from around the world that I have
never had before I'm citing with this
this is ka sparkling pineapple a taste
of the Caribbean and at the top it says
cool with a K paste so see what you guys
done there oh my in this cab there is 40
grams of sugar in this one can holy
 that's not good for you at
all can we just just to put this into
perspective I'm going to put a picture
here of what 40 grams of sugar looks
like that's in that there we go I've
just ordered a cup full of sugar I mean
it smells it smells like sugar okay got
the smallest sip because once it's
probably like 10 grams of sugar oh my
god literally like the sweetest drink
I've ever from that one sip my teeth
feel you know any like drink sugary
drinks that one sip my tea feel like
that what I mean it tastes nice and
pineappley but you'd expect that if half
of its full of sugar so d'affaires
always a lot of them when pineapple
isn't there yeah yeah but that's like
natural sugar pretty sure there's no
natural sugar in its next up we have got
LMP good lemon edge stuff you're about
to open a Kiwi classic so this is from
New Zealand world-famous in New Zealand
guys is this world famous in New Zealand
there we go how many grams of sugar we
got in this one oh yeah about 35 so I'm
gonna be buzzing just tastes like tastes
like sprite tastes exactly like a sprite
just lemonade very good very nice quite
refreshing but just a lot of sugar
oh so this is actually from New Zealand
because I remember I know in Australia
you guys have different like milliliter
measurement so in the UK a cam is always
three hundred thirty milliliters in
Australia in Australia and New Zealand
are the same this is 355 milliliters so
you can see it's a fraction bigger
it's the same with their bottles as well
like I used to member bought the coke in
the UK it's 500 and Australia it'd be
fact for you today moving on to the next
one we have Wonder farm
this is young coconut water Oh to cook
or share does your nin want to cook on
this isn't French that's French Malaysia
that if I speak French in Malaysia
pretty sure you people in Malaysia don't
speak French all anything is on their
native language here I could be wrong
don't coconut water manufactured by into
food shareholding company
tam pork industrial zone beyond howa
city da noite provenance vietnam here we
go guys let's crack it open smells a bit
funny oh it has actual bits of like
coconut in it I was not expecting that
actual pieces chunks that's made me feel
really funny you don't go to drink your
drink you just get chunks a bit oh my
god
the others my food for fun it is like
coconut water with chunks a net not sure
how I feel about that alright and the
last two drinks we go move from
Australia Australian family-owned and
they're called Bundaberg I haven't seen
these so I travel Australia I've never
seen these or heard of these proft brood
over seven days this one's only two days
lemon lime and bitters how do you this
is the strangest lid for a drink but
this is so hard to get into this hurts
oh cool yes I'm now covered in Bundaberg
at least they're easy to get into that's
actually really nice that's a very
that's a good combination I highly rate
that latte I'm covered in sticky stuff
but pretty on it okay now moving on to
blood orange Oh in a minute I mean has
anyone open one of them and not got it
on them in some manner oh yeah this is
also 40 grams of sugar so perfect starts
your day that's really good that's the
best one out of all those five both
these tube under bags I mean they're
full of sugar if I was going to have a
sugary drink I choose these because
every flavor some got a lot respect for
you
the boat maybe not how you open them but
taste-wise got it on point and that
rounds up my five drinks from around the
world this time maybe we'll do some more
drinks in the future let me know if you
have any interesting drinks from the
country that you're from in the comment
section below and maybe I'll try next
time button I hope you enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow bye
