yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo what's up guys
welcome to another guessing the
childhood themed videos this time we go
with guess the childhood TV show based
on the intro theme song thing my BOB and
I just have to guess the year 14 points
to go for I reckon I'm gonna get 6 so
not not rate myself to Heidi oh my god
what is this what a song I don't I
haven't seen is that true yeah I'm
leaking out they canceled because she
caught me breaking up was she not a bit
harsh she looks a bit like right now his
necklace oh my god every holiday went on
I used to buy those necklaces I've never
never seen this this is a good start
good done email to get I bet it's like
the name of a high schooler on that no
it's a name of one of the characters her
yeah but Sophie pregnant hey Zoey 101
never heard of it yes the Year burstad
yet thousand 1005 what all right so
that's a brilliant starting off too
let's uh let's hope I'm getting at the
next on the mood spy honestly I've never
is this the intro first I think so yeah
I've never seen what on earth is there
this is kids danger
this looks so bad you didn't watch this
Ferguson no never see never seen is that
the time it was after that the main guy
the Raven let's go Brady yeah it's cool
Raven never seen that what year 2003 she
doesn't see hockey
I'll give you half a point for that
 sick it's so pixelated is about
in the middle yeah yeah it was
I didn't even do that much you know
something no I recognize I know the
carrot we got it though when did that
first air John 1 mm oh you know I was
gonna go 1999 but so I'm doing really
well so far guys so that's good this is
untouchable cozy see I like recognize it
yeah not got a clue it was based on that
book like a novel said yeah is it was it
by Jacqueline Wilson yeah yeah
they're only Rhino that because of that
picture was it cool it was it something
no it wasn't her that did that actually
something sleep over no no I don't know
Tracy Beaker oh yeah to see and now I
ripped like I know that I think my
sister used to watch that it's not 90s
is it no hey thousand three thousand 200
y'all y'all have points it because it's
so hard why we can build on that this is
hard I might I don't think I'm gonna get
my six thought I first set out for
oh my god I know this I flipped and lost
the name in my head is to stop watch
then no no is I know it is I used to
love this show
it's like burn and stop watches on now
burning scuffles burning something
I honestly used to love this rainbow
Bernhard's oh my god
this used to be one of my favorite shows
when those younger and I used to want
that watch so bad I think I start my dad
if I could get one for Christmas Oh what
I think it's Bernhard's watch yeah that
because I was gonna put it's not really
a oh yeah no he uses as a stopwatch yeah
they use all I mean if you guys don't
know or he could do he found this watch
and he just goes Duke and then
everything around him stops 2001 97 so
what oh no no boy oh oh yeah knows well
I don't know the name straightaway
depends
the evil dentist is Webber's for its the
dental stairs no Hamas the headmaster
people have master the do demon know
doomed have fun I used to love the demon
have monsters and yeah
Dima have dies what creep thousand to
1996 96 we wore yeah exactly we must
have watched the room the last one to be
a program that I hope you burn in it at
all
this looks really good this another game
I've never seen this
it's represented by three different
people including a blonde from dating
Daan
never seen in my life never see those
junior to us they are it's a game show
that's why I'm saying John okay and
there's no German where are they
jungle run yes oh that is definitely
from 2000 1999 I give you one please
tell me what six are ahead or
four-and-a-half babies ha ha ha we got
some technical issues going over here 6
over 6 I ended up with 6 out of 14 which
I thought I did a lot worse than that I
mean you were very generous with the
whole points in that round so take those
hot points away I'd probably be on three
well still awful anyway I've really
actually enjoyed that even though half
didn't watch haha I'm sure if it
continued there'd be a lot more things
maybe some of you guys watch that stuff
maybe you didn't but hopefully you
enjoyed it give the video a big thumbs
up if you did I don't see you tomorrow
another video all right love you guys
bye
