hello hello welcome to watching
youtubers first videos numeral 3 I'm 3
I've done two of these so far you guys
absolutely love them so yeah here we go
can I do part 3 and also I should
probably say that the person I got the
idea for this video is Shane Dawson on
his Shane channel so thank you very much
for the amazing idea Shane I hope you
don't mind that I have taken inspiration
and basically copying you on this idea
but hey that's what YouTube's about
right I'm joking
Joe King so I'm going to be watching a
few different youtubers for some reason
this wasn't even in the comments on the
last one it's just I wanted to see who
it was
so we're gonna start off with Miranda
sings I don't know I don't know I
thought I'm just really intrigued to see
what have first ever video is like if
it's even on the channel so let's have a
look eight years ago what what clean
mental literary mental I literally love
mindless things by the way um and clean
cleans very nice person is this gonna
even be Miranda I don't know if this was
gonna be Miranda we're gonna find out he
goes oh my deal is how mellow is she
compared to now hey guys this is Miranda
a sinking so stinging she looks so young
if you're really good at singing you can
like have Sara I love she still has but
the in how she says inlets sinking she
still she was doing that back then he
obviously she's adapted since then but
it's amazing to see like some things so
that also lipstick is definitely nowhere
near as prominent as it is now just
saying I'm gonna do my audition good
speakers yeah
auditioning for the gun so I'm gonna do
a cappella which me sing it going to
Miranda
sing it first come you been so she's
actually singing Ohio on the picture
school this is quite good sit
I'm confused she actually I know I know
she's very gonna scene in real life but
it was that boy I'm so confused
well yeah that was what Miranda was like
when she was born and I was she's very
different now but it's interesting to
see the transition right next loads you
wanted me to watch mr. old little soggy
Josephine's suckie suckie suckie suckie
boy oh yeah Joe was a later to the scene
then I was and then were like look Moran
there was eight years Jose Otis was
three years ago so that just goes to
show nearly forward well coming up for
you an introduction to thatcherjoe here
we go toward it yeah
oh so is it money very easy other thing
is old oh do is gonna be Pat his hair
basically this is so sweet and innocent
Oh Joe I'm twenty years old
does anyone find this weird that Joe is
older than me whenever whenever I tell
people that with friends with vamo Joe's
older than me everyone's like what but
yeah I mean we're same school year but
he was older than me he saw videos but
this isn't even about a video track this
is good videos video no no no no don't
touch it don't touch it we doing we
doing
better cabin I just love everyone's
first videos everyone is so like chill
and so I want to say not boring but like
because everyone's so nervous I think in
your first videos it really shows like
when you do your my first video it's
probably hello my name is Marcus same is
Joey's like I'm quite good at whistling
as a fantastic whistle joke right now
you get the point
all right Joe you can whistle buddy
as of weird that is weird now it is a
like mine I'm one of the only people
that one of the only people I have
attached ears and people ways take the
piss out of me I did at school because I
didn't have floppy ear lobes they just
attach right in mm-hmm Lord Persia loved
it it for my next video I like to do a
question and answer people oh why do you
say for your next video you're like
we're literally halfway through the
video in like my next video
do you go on a massive outro for like
three minutes Oh loads of bloopers
classic alright Joe sugg your dummy so
here we're going pal we're going with
Tyler Oakley my buddy Tyler Oakley who
lives on the other side of the world
this is called raindrops this is nine
years ago
Oh years ago look at Tyler Liggett
little bit again sconces oh my god he
looks so different just we're just part
of not talking us haha who you looking
up to you Tyler they was the first story
is so good range
I walk your hands you've got a shaved
head
I'm loving this outfit girl like the
hoodie pink top electable things are
deep tyler
the background musics a kylie bit loud
just a tiny bit but other than that I'm
loving it Tyler click her face freshman
year freshman year but how old I am
freshman year its freshman year like
college or is that high school I feel
like it's college because my sister goes
to University in America and you have
freshman sophomore junior senior is that
right if I don't know those ages is it
18 year freshman 19 sophomore 20 junior
21 senior love the bunk bed I've just
been lucky freshmen and you've been like
it I guessing so she days like look
things about to cries that probably like
yeah that's actually so I've never seen
his first video before
that's so cute genuinely so sweet that
video ah well there we go that runs off
number 3 youtubers videos first videos
that I've watched and if you are
enjoying this you know what to do smash
that thumbs up button for me let you
know that you like it what youtubers
video should i watch next leave them in
the comments for me to read and though
see you tomorrow with another video all
right love you got just hit Milo in the
chin cool love you guys bye
