hello beautiful safety people welcome to
the table setup
welcome I'm staring you through my eyes
with on you when I'm wearing this jump
enough to cringey intro welcome today's
video
you know I means I'm wearing this setup
it's not a trying video so it's time to
try and believe but it's a blindfolded
trying video today's edition is drinks
fizzy drink pop soda liquid beverages
whatever you want to call them but it's
specializing in just Coca Cola flavored
yeah let the cola the cola but isn't
Pepsi still Cola flavored is it like the
Hoover and like that Dyson yeah yeah
okay we had fizzy carbonated variety of
brands in the cola flavor Kolhapur yeah
yeah it's everyday bra with the danger
Bolivar and how many plate we have five
right ah fan pink goes boom boom put
your skip oh my god that feels close to
me how place is this and if I move my
hands oh yeah oh yeah my array of
glasses then we've got five story
high five how many have we got in front
of me now you showing camel in your poor
I can they see ya know
oh we will say tic Cola flavored drink
are we keeping the bottles out as well
yes the bottles of it every day bro is
the same body part do I hate when you
open it's been shaken on it because love
yet yeah it's embarrassing happens of a
lot of theory by heart they all look
exactly the same color are great well on
town very fizzy ones foaming a lot after
I coat that one coke only monophysitism
Matt on right so we've got six laid out
in front of you start from right to left
okay is this but I know this right now
so don't let no oh that is also a that's
okay we've also announced of taking down
your answers great value at the end yes
we're going from right to left
what right to left here this way yeah
okay so first one this is hard I
honestly was like I'm going to smell
that and no one is straight away and
what okay forever that would Diet Pepsi
okay what makes it that is definitely
Pepsi and I think the taste and it's
hard because the Pepsi Max like just
Pepsi how'd you make like Cobra closer
is Pepsi Pepsi Max or is it Pepsi I
don't know you're asking the wrong
person
sorry okay we're going is Diet back to
thee so that's that one's done yeah I've
done this on yeah
Oh have they all smell the sentence is
so hard I think it could be Diet Coke
I'll polish that Diet Coke I'm going
guys I'll check okay yeah kind of change
the Mater yeah okay Sam okay sorry over
there let's put that out the way the
next one is hit number three oh this is
got flavor that has a net that is cherry
coke the number four
yeah I think this is like coke from us
now number four I believe is coca-cola
Ricky laughing regular coke Cola okay
what they think that the taste you know
I think I used to drink coca-cola the
kid performance Diet Coke and I believe
they recognize it I am correct number
five Oh is there a cherry Pepsi as well
I did not know there was two cherry
flavors within this range that's cheeky
okay I think that is cherry Pepsi oh is
that I didn't know knows nothing okay
Pepsi cherry OH
last but not least wolf reason what next
and that I believe is regular Pepsi it's
going to be my answers I take my
blindfold off you certainly can okay
Oh same thing that's extremely bright
everywhere
take your time do you remember what you
said for everything though are that the
arms so I can say what you said in the
answer
oh you choose or where these
will mix up No
this is an order dr. pepper yeah so
number one yeah which was Coke Zero yeah
he said it was Diet Pepsi
number two Diet Coke you got a right guy
Cain you're even arrived yet Diet Coke
right number three it was cherry coke
with actually dr. pepper so you threw me
there because I work for the coder it is
isn't it but I forgot about it I haven't
had dr. pepper in a long time number
four accept coca-cola or coca-cola so
cokes branding they're doing well aren't
there thirty so they are doing well
Holly you said cherry Pepsi because I
write that was because I get just like
all that with petcoke record cherry coke
is Cheerios the thing apparently
Oh must be em I think it is and then
finally you had regular Pepsi okay
taxi max oh that's the same thing that's
why not it's not the same thing
it's not it's not what what's the
difference between oh yes there's no
sugar
what's your name Pepsi Max and Diet
Pepsi it's the same as Oh are on cojiro
yeah well you're cheeky oh yes I XE ha
ha snake so you got 3 out of 6 which is
actually I think white is doing it
throughout 6 yeah what the two cokes and
you got the cherry Pepsi oh yeah
throughout 1/3 not terrible it's not
amazing it's okay yeah it's okay
that's odd it's not more than the others
I think yeah I think so
I think those Jenny's too hot especially
because in my head I didn't even think
about dr. pepper or Coke Zero I just in
my head like all you've got gone got is
two cherry coke different cherries I
just thought of Pepsi and Coke so you
are playing the game in your head you
know what you go down yeah the tape no
they're trying to taste as well that and
that easy
I thought anyone can get that I'm sorry
Coke Zero sorry
I'm surprised what Dr Pepper Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper was the one you're going to
get I've never really had books pepper
haven't you messed up I mean so you
think it takes it yeah it's very if
Jackie's Cheerios they add enzymes
charity it smelt amazing man I don't
mean I like I've never liked dr. pepper
so you like well there we go that rounds
up the next video in the blindfolded
series I really hope you enjoyed it give
the video a thumbs up if you did
subscribe if you're new and also let us
know what we should do next
what should we blindfold and try tasting
in my mouth because I'd love to know
what you guys want to see all right
thanks very much for watching I'll see
you guys follow my videos Hey
