hello are you doing ah no idea what that
that was but hello
what does being like that I don't know
today I'm going to be finding out what
cereal I am cereal is a big part of
everyone's life you would have eaten it
some of you probably every day some of
you have eaten it most your life I eat
cereal and I want to find out what 0 I
am even though the cereal that I
probably am won't be on here because I
like weird cereal
so yeah let's begin which cereal are you
that is so satisfying to watch pick a
bear burn oh my god is that I don't
remember that TV / a koala bear polar
bear grizzly bear panda brown bratton
brown bear I'm lost
what's the bottom right one from Sesame
Street and I remember Ted I'm gonna go
panda you pick up wrappers and cereal oh
my god ha ha I didn't know notices but
is this a thing this is actually then no
surely not little gross clue loops
macula s'mores crunch frosted trikes car
hey check its got either be two grains
or frosted Drake's
I mean I like Drake and Frosty's so I'm
going to I'm going Drake pick a mum or
love mum i literally don't recognize a
single person on there it's probably
really bad I'm so bad if not who people
are
I mean I know Marsh symptom I'm going to
Marge Simpson I'm sorry I don't know the
names of anyone on that screen
you're a cereal box
what do your nutritional facts say 99
percent cholesterol 50 grams of flawless
women d ha ha ha 100% trans fat dietary
fiber is not a joke forty flat huh
vitamin Queen B daily percent values
based on a ten thousand calorie
and judge me those literally zero
milligrams of shits were given the daily
percent purely because when I'm doing
these things but when you look at
nutritional values I'm always like
you're saying that a serving size is 30
grams 30 grams is lead you like this
much there's no way that's filling
anyone up pick a milk 2% milk shake skim
hemp not expired chocolate milk butter
milk whole milk soy usually I'd go for
almond milk oh yeah love with almond
milk so him pick a Ryan Gosling when he
is cereal ha ha ha ha
the SIG's ovaries lid you looking at
like bitch get the away from my
mouth I've got to go for I just love it
is so like can we must offer a really
bad day all you want to do is get into
PJs dance it out vodka bad day
everything's great crying - a pillow
watch TV queer mum SERDES that means
we're eat a lot of ice cream I would
probably say 'don't out when I'm
downstairs in my living room I've got my
music pan I genuinely have my own little
private dance but is like not to play
but genuinely actually do this I'll
stick my music on whack out really loud
and just dance around my living room and
it always makes me feel bad like even
though I'm probably not great at dancing
just go throw out they're just releasing
that energy and getting into the music
and Load I've danced out or crying - a
pillow pick a spoon oh it's a lot to be
said about someone and chooses the right
spoon right Cyril lover all you need is
love and more coffee serial killer
weapon of mass consumption ah there's
the vessel super get in my belly get in
my belly
we're probably really about how much our
filming so long eat clean it clean train
dirty well my I mean my favorite is
weapon of mass consumption but
realistically it would be a clean train
day because I just left eat clean and
train dead you got raisin bran you are
the yo lowest cereal of them all you
only live once so might as well
at the doctor recommend daily intake of
dietary fiber and my rat you're right
I'd say that's accurate because you know
like my healthy foods and my help the
lemon and I like to have left a fiber
inside my ballet Oh today's question of
the day is was your favorite cereal
do you eat cereal do you like cereal do
you not like it if you like it and you
eat it what's your favorite anyway I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did you know what to do as always
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
I will see will be your face tomorrow in
another video video video love you guys
sit smart bye
