hello today we're getting you zigu you
and me having a little dance welcome
back to one my favorite series where I
share my favorite songs right now with
you at home listening to five songs that
you may not have heard before and
they're not necessarily my favorite
songs right now but they're some of my
favorite songs that you may not have
heard before so that's why I do it like
this so it's like trying to introduce
you to new like artists and blood blood
Bridget Everett des Patti all right
partner
keep rolling baby I made a new playlist
on Spotify the other day so I only got
five songs in now but I'm calling it
don't no but these are songs that
just sound amazing so the first one I'm
going with is called gold and I think I
played as songs you guys called gold
before that so many people tweet me
still now saying you listen to it but
this is gold by kibou it's amazing
wedding is the drop it's just something
I don't know it gets me like mother good
vibes ready like God was wrong throat
second one again awesome awesome awesome
awesome awesome drop chill babes and
it's cool I don't know how to say dr
triple 7 mo vibes
okay next up we have a song called good
to love by fka twigs fka twigs did some
stuff beforehand which was amazing I
loved and then they came back with this
song and they should have got me in to
sing on it I would have probably been
around to do they wanted me to know this
one gives me chills first time songs
really super super chill
and I just like the second chorus you
have this really cool like switch up
next out my new chill playlist on
Spotify it's called it's strange fam ex
flip remix blue the child really I need
to calm another word for cool every
summer is really cool really vibe is
really summery is a quite summery you
guys get the feel so ya know they're
really awesome song and we are gonna
finish it off with one of my favorite
house artists huge house artists is
Chami remix and it's called my be Oliver
best Chami remix so you prepare one of
these like a beach
if you have that on a good sound system
I'll move them so that rounds up my five
new favorite songs right now I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did you know what
to do go down smash that thumbs up
button
and I will continue to use in the future
maybe like once a month or so however
often I'm doing on if you want to follow
where these music is coming from you can
check out my Spotify playlist I'll put
that in description box below and yeah
other than that I love your six-phase
and I'll see you tomorrow with another
video all right I love you guys
