hey how's he going today I'm doing a
tasting video but tasting something
that's perhaps a little bit different
than what usually on this channel and
that is dunno doing my sauce box if
you're unaware of what source box's
source box is a healthy subscription
snack box that me my best friend Max and
Noemi started a couple of months ago you
guys know I'm into my healthy stuff and
healthy eating and good foods and so
that was kind of like the main reason
for starting it the idea came about a
year ago and the take up on it since
it's been released has been really
really really really good so those of
you that subscribe to it thank you thank
you thank you I really am happy that
you're enjoying the stuff that's in it
so I thought I would run you through
March's box and in preparation because
you can order april's and over the next
few days before it cuts off April so
yeah and I thought it'd be interesting
to show you what eating good foods is
like yo so this what the box is like the
opening art looks very very nice then
right the very top is our menu of the
month which tells you what's on there
all the different brands and gives you a
little description for each thing when
you actually get into the box itself
there's a nice little tissue paper which
are opened and at the first you're like
oh there's only a few things but then
when you actually take things out you
get out so much stuff in there which
I'll go through everything now so I'm
off this this is Chi or chai coconut
water and tropical fruits these are
really cool brand I love that coconut
was so it was really awesome to get
these guys in the box let's dig in I
literally love coconut water by the way
all spilling it on myself that's good
mmm-hmm that is so refreshing
Joe how nice that will be like in your
fridge as you get out put it in some put
it in some put it in a in a glass and
just straight from the fridge BAM next
we have apple and fig crisps this is my
memory of it is when I had an apple as a
kid like my dad used to chop it up for
me and I'd have it in these like really
thin slices this is exactly why looks
that it's still got the like red skin on
the side oh so good they have so much
flavor in it so these are freeze-dried
which kind of makes it
yeah which would be like that although
I'm going to eat a lid over that slop
because I'm
okay and I get to source boxes not some
lucky actually paved and I get free I
actually subscribe to my own business so
that's always good I literally had these
just for ice like filming in my other
box its raw granola munchies and so it's
kinda like fruit mixed in with nuts and
a taste one for here find a little
circle like rice cakes almost and I'm
just full of a goodness tastes really
great I look true that ate a hole back
in about five seconds earlier so I had
this last night it's raw halo chocolate
which is milk and pink Himalayan salt
it says milk like my L K because it's
made with coconut milk this is one of
the best bars chocolate I've ever had I
literally had it last night whilst I was
catch up on the walking dead is amazing
so like creamy and tasty for it not
being milk chocolate so it's really good
can't even see it but that's why it
looks like next up we've got a punch
punch food supercedes which is a pot of
lots of different seeds and they are
obviously flavored these ones are or
these ones these are Japanese tamari so
some glass seeds and pumpkin seeds so
great like great size to like sticking a
bag or put in your pocket for a day if
you're like out and about mmm what meant
from amazing the flavouring no really
really good absolutely love the branding
of this brand and also again I ate these
last night from other box
Olaf's or Oh loves to get it like olives
they're natural green pitted olives so
yeah then they look so cute like that
and then you can just literally pop it
open and eat the olives there's no not
pretty messy and you don't have to worry
about the seeds or the stones what they
call it so next up is a brand that I met
in person called a Doudna and this is
all about baobab it's a super fruit
energy bar and they're one a really
really cool company and like the stuff
that they are trying to like focus on
and what they're trying to achieve and
also make amazing products baobab is
basically this fruit found in Africa
that naturally dries itself I'll put a
picture here really random but quite
is the fruit this and you know the lion
king when the monkey guy is like
painting with us on the tree and stuff
that fruit is using is baobab a thing or
it's a baobab tree one or the other
anyway they're trying to make baobab
popular around the world so that more
people will use the fruit in Africa
because like so much of it gets wasted
each year and if more people find out
about it then loads more jobs can be
made in Africa because of it so yeah
that's they're like awesome cause and
it's also like really really taste as
well looks like hmm maybe have a lunch
in a minute but definitely not only
hungry after eating all this food next
up we have coconut crisps or curls
I'm saying Chris like they're lightly
sold it again literally had these
yesterday if you like coconut you
literally love these only ingredients in
these is coconut and natural rock soap
so yeah they're super awesome as well
help box anything that has health in
their brand is going to be good isn't it
these are natural energy balls like a
squidgy ball in a non lead way they'll
show sponsors and flavor some might open
right so another really cool brand is
the primal pantry these are people that
kind of lead towards like a payday
lifestyle which means like you don't
have grains and refined sugars and blah
blah blah blah this is Brazil nut and
cherry raw paleo bar so it looks like I
love Brazil nut so I really really like
that and last in this month's box is the
100% natural organic raw chocolate
brownie with goji and acai berry
anything that's a raw chocolate brownie
or a chocolatey in the slightest is
great for me oh look at that that looks
so good
that is @j amazing olive oil if you like
dark chocolate it just tastes like a
really rich brownie but all the
ingredients in there are actually going
to be good for you so yeah that is
awesome way to finish the box off I must
say so as you can see that is what you
get in a sauce box and if you guys are
interested I will leave the links down
there
you have a few days left until around
about the end of the month to sign up
until for April's box but yeah that
wasn't the whole point in this video
obviously to do sauce but also should
show you trying healthy snacks and what
it's like and I'll try and do this like
once a month with each source book so
that you get to see obviously what's in
a source box but also what kind of
healthy foods I do snap on in general
and the brands that I like and stuff so
yeah if you did enjoy this video make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow with another video
all right love you guys it's morrow bye
