hey yo yo yo yo yo hello what is up
beautiful people
how you doin today is a Tuesday not sure
what day this is up so don't really know
why has any reference or relevance to
you whatsoever nonetheless anyway
welcome to a video today that is uh
maybe slightly sexual but hey that's
what Morlocks is about right so yes I'm
going to be finding out what my set IQ
is so how much I know about ya okay here
we go
where's your sex IQ how big is the
average erect penis um this came up in
the penis quiz video and I can't
remember a five point five to six point
three correct number two which form of
contraception is most effective I don't
know what the hell's a diaphragm
diaphragm contraceptive pill oh yes he's
back in business he knows his stuff
about sex
diaphragm birth control what the hell is
that it looks like something that
doctors use when they're covering their
mouths when they're doing surgery so
number three what is the average time it
takes for a man
to ejaculate during sex two minutes
fifty 15 minutes I'm going to go five
and a half minutes hey John
five a half minutes according to the NHS
how do they do that
today they sat there doing tests like
you hey guys we take in a case Thursday
would you mind coming in and having sex
and we will time it does wearing a
condom affect how long you last
know correctly doesn't the average
clitoris is the size of a cock or yet a
corset Wow definitely a pee okay but
Sorry Sorry Sorry the external part
maybe small voice ends up to around five
inches into the BOK oh okay well I
wasn't supposed to know that you should
more specific with the question a cause
yet outside is like this inside is up
can you get pregnant from having sex on
your period no parenting you can which
of these items of clothing can help
achieve orgasm a t-shirt kneepads socks
I'm going kneepads whoa having warm feet
help date several couples to achieve
orgasm than without I was going kneepads
because not going to say why but just
think about that
is it possible to orgasm just from
nipple stimulation no boys yes yes yeah
totally knew that totally didn't just
guess that mental so if I sit here and
saw feel bit we're I'm gonna stop that
now what percentage of people claim to
faked an orgasm oh why does so much high
for women ah I'm 70% one dopes at men
who yes how many calories does sex burn
per minute I mean obviously I'm sure
this depends on many different factors
I'm going 20 to 30 3 to 5 how
disappointing what percentage of women
have lost their virginity by 16 I don't
know how would I know this 25 percent 40
percent great what isn't
Anna gasps Mia Anna gasps Mia this video
does got weirder multiple dozens no
regular difficulty reaching orgasm there
you go that's what we've learned today
everyone's learnt what Anna gasps Mia is
he go go tell your teachers that all the
swords to troll all of what only goes
broke this weird glow the Internet what
percentage of men say they made that
partner orgasm last night sex
definitely going of 94 percent men oh
okay eighty-five definitely thought you
know men being like definitely did my
her how many calories are in a typical
male
Jack what lip Gino I did never even
cross my mind ten less than one okay
well I'm not going to make a joke about
that I was going I'm just not no when
was the first electrical vibrator
produced going 1950 after World War
oh no 1902 Prix both world wars so you
got six out of 15 right unit better than
20 to 22 percent of those who took this
quiz thought I'd do better than that I
started off really well but hey
hopefully we've all learned something
today have you learned something I've
definitely learned something give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you tomorrow with a
non-sexual video right love you guys bye
