hello how are you doing today's one once
video is gonna be a little bit different
and it's actually something is quite
highly requested so yeah I have just
woken up I am feeling very ill today I
don't know what's happened overnight I
just went like you know just woke up
feeling I got really horrible chesty
cough like my head's like bad but a
button but but but hey anyway and
yesterday's video I'm going to show you
how I style my hair how I do my hair
obviously this is this is my bed head so
my hair is kind of all over the place
right now but I did a video like this so
long ago on this channel and I see loads
of comments saying Marga's skinny shows
hey da so about shower and then show how
to do my hair and that's today's my
Marcus video ok so I've just showered my
hair is obviously wet so first thing I
do is towel dry it
boom Thanks so now I'm going to put some
clothes on okay so now clothed it's time
to dry my hair but just before I dry my
hair I put I'm only side doing this the
other day so usually I put some kind of
like salt spray or now I've been using
this Aveda salt spray thing that but
literally a couple days going up a
haircut they gave me this like foam foam
mousse thing there you go the lovely
mousse thing so I go one two three
I bet put some I don't bring up this
does never miss then the woman who cut
my hair is just like yeah this is like
let's try something else
so this is really good so yeah then you
just like put this through my hair
doo-doo-doo-doo like so and now it's
time to hair dry my hair pull under hey
get ready with me video mirror so just
right hair dry the hair get a comb and I
just comb this back into a will you can
see into position so just like roughly
so that's like my parting down the left
side where it's going to go and that's
one down the right side
tada now it's ready to blow dry I guess
you can kind of see I'm also wearing the
world's baggiest jumper by the way a
proper rubber bag in here we go
so as I'm blow drying it all I do is
with my comb sort of until it gets a bit
dry comb it whilst I'm drying it and
then you'll see and then probably speed
it up
oh now you can see my hair is blow-dried
and kind of in the shape that once I put
product and it will stay so yeah now
puts a product in okay so yeah here you
can see it's like kind of holds a bit
with this mousse it's a little bit
floppy so again another Aveda product
this is seen on sponsored by vida I'm
not I just really like their product
this is a grooming clay like that
literally last me like an eternity I
probably get one of these like every few
months by every three months or
something so I'll start off with about
this much little smidgen I'm still gdd
gdd did really did Tipton and then I'm
just gonna stand here so I can see it a
mirror you'll see I just like put it
through
sometimes might go for a little bit more
if I've got like this bit here is they I
want to stick this in a little bit more
another they either product could
control paste and I just use a tiniest
tiniest bit of this like bit you like
this much it's really small and this is
just like a slip thing so I'll put this
through and then just let run it through
the side there and it kind of gives it
just a bit more slickness and hold
something in it like that and then my
hair literally fails without hairspray
so I use this hairspray it's cooled got
to be glued is literally like the best
thing in the world I'm almost on outfit
so they've enough is coming in here
and I just do two sprays on come on
don't run out but I have a little touch
to kind of place it in hold and then
they set the reason this hairspray so
good is because it literally like holds
for there's a whole day so I really
recommend this I don't know well the
guys are done about girls because it
might be a bit like but I love it and
that you have my finished I mean you got
a multi angle here angle you've got oh
look two side angles there yeah that's
what my hair looks like and that's why I
do everyday and so it doesn't take me
long at all and all the products I used
up in the hairspray like evader or like
visual and natural peroxide I think then
paid for your hair and stuff like that
but I don't even know if you found this
video interesting at all there's just
loads of requests and I haven't done one
in like four years so that's how I do my
hair I hope you enjoyed this video
somewhat and give it a thumbs up if you
did and I will see you tomorrow with
another video hopefully I'm feeling um a
lot more knowledge I'm not sweating I've
keep going hot and cold and I take a
tablet so like my throat and chest isn't
actually
much right now but yeah hopefully I'll
be back tomorrow with some more normal
videos but yeah all right
have you guys see ya
