hello let me just uh let me just figure
feed us how to pause this there we go hi
hello all right guys and I really
fancied blogging today don't know why I
just picked my camera no that's a
complete lie I woke up this morning
which is like you know what fill up
wrong in today so here's a vlog
basically and I got this new thing about
a course on us so you probably have it
and you know it like it's the speaker
thing there's one there one there and
one there and it is honestly like change
my life I just love it if you can do all
your music with it this isn't sponsor
but hey you can do all your music and
like it goes around the house and then
TV and just makes me happy um but yeah
today I am going down to saturday night
takeaway so I'm sure most people notice
with me and after you've been doing some
stuff of them and we're going to do some
more soccer than today so I'm about to
leave and go there and a meeting Alfie
who is on the way from Brighton there's
like mess ups and Brighton there's like
flippin Basie none of the trains ever
work on the weekends I definitely not
some day sometimes not Saturdays and
today's all those days so alpha site on
a replacement bus and he has to get like
three buses and trains and he's we can
turn up really no I'm gonna shove this
camera straight in his face oh yeah
that's what we're about him I'm
literally got my stuff ready I'm just
going to have a quick protein shake and
maybe take a snack or two with me I got
this new brand of chocolate the other
day when I went shopping called loving
life you guys know means like month
healthy eating so yeah it's like better
for you chocolate and I tried this one
salted caramel literary incredible
there's like people here way so this guy
in particular where did you come from
that is insane hey you came over hello
somehow the studio where mr. Lampe days
not because I mean he is a little bit
late but absolutely not as far as the
trains and this is the set today so far
so many of you give a little view this
is cameraman as well
if it focuses there we go look how
pretty that looks
it's very pretty doesn't it these
cameraman a very serious jobs when and
when you're like seeing camera movements
for each different pin they have to be
so onyx is live TV with each camera
angles like min to it but none of the
Mexico pretty impressive stuff and that
one to trash hello
he is he's here it here alfie deyes is
in law do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do rise
with you have you actually is it a cat
dunno how many poor to know how many
people still treat me every day so I
can't bring my time to give it to you
we've just finished some rehearsals for
facing walk on the stage and we squeeze
a melon so we do a fist bump and when
your first ones open that's what could
squeeze in the medicine is a dead guy so
when it's windy don't hit the winter
talk more in camera is that g7x it's
very dinky yeah Oh with the city or
anything oh you got one there as well oh
my god it's very cool i like it cuz it
is well to it do they local an engine
pentax like there was a pleasant thing
about it yeah i know you place yourself
I've always wanted maze i'm going to
walking down street well yeah when
you're not sure just don't know when
it's at an arm's name but you can fit
quite an yeah i'm in hair and makeup
away guys just not just chillin
how happy we were a small scale of 1 to
12 if you have obscene Alfie's book you
would have seen that I just had my eye
but my eyebrows gelled and my eyelashes
tinted no eyebrows eyebrows Tim did spy
lashes something but now we look pretty
and we got TV directly
you know anything
in the look look
there is a
of stuff back here is crazy Jagran I've
got my draft class oh jeez juvenile to
turn it on what it's not used for
serious what if that boy there's a lot
of scary people out there like a bicycle
with my film
oh that's where it is that's where I
left it yeah I had to use this camera
today because my one day they're born
one it's so good but everything is like
crazy there are different sets and
everything check me out I'm wearing gray
now do you have a web ray yeah just
saying now like part of the day just
pulling some great you know that's the
nice ain't part of the day just bouncing
great gray boxes that's my slogan AR ami
boxes um but I would yeah i just found
this horrible jump on just make you but
I got a present from alfie deyes look at
what it is I don't know if that's going
to be step backwards step backwards its
backwards on here I don't know anyway
Alfie as as I'm sure you know has his
new clothing line up including liar you
guys me down oh the night is it pvp beko
then is that right that's all right p
because any match to know what's the
website p much what I think is clothed
on right that's like more stuff isn't
closing clothes that's very true his
mutt his new merchandise pv match it's
doc coded UK isn't it x i'm gonna stock
up on chip that thanks guys thank you
ppv merged ok at UK launch yesterday and
i'm lucky enough to be wearing one right
now one exclusive hoodies touched by the
man himself you guys super like proper
proper cozy and comfy like genuinely and
the zip is amazing hashtag add so yeah
i'll put a link down there if you guys
will go check out um but this video is
sponsored by PB merge oh my joke yeah we
are chillin are green room again i
forgot that either are cool and proud
bird my more marks videos are I am I
can't speak so that's good I haven't
trained
remember Alfie has so much on his
channel no we've got our clothing up
there I've been given the check shirt
Alfie's got potentially a white shirt or
a sexy denim shirt he's not sure yet and
we're just chilling we're about to eat
soon and then we're going to go on the
television so you may have seen this on
there if you did and Marx is brimming
happy happy these what healthy snacks is
this course I'm sucede cranberry apricot
so we have just finished on the show and
that was so much fun Alfie just for a
bottle of my balls oh yes that was the
most fun that was the most involved with
being so far how much farther ah very
but very van oh wait this is a really
flattering angle everyone right now it
gets not round table filter his face oh
it marks this camera let me show you
this is what you this is how much he
appreciates you guys you are currently
filmed at any of you can see with the
screen is absolutely smashed up and the
lens isn't broken that's how I deal
ended that's how much he cares about you
know yeah no that's just having a bit
there's where attack but if heritage
she's got a bit heritage a bit of
personalities I think I've found you I
wasn't sure if there's one that's hot
drunk that's mine do you get the caravan
dishes will be yours cuz you get your
human Adam please it your map try cat oh
ok usually prepared got that alone oh
this is the shoulder wait we got it I'm
gonna like smear one more
are you going at this oh hey give me
that blue back yes I'll tell you which
goes your hands oh my god come on now
yes my kind of gal just write your jaw
so lonesome but Lassa Lassa yeah okay
okay okay i'm building a listen to me
yet all right all right cut I don't know
about another now oh you should close
your home you don't weeks ago Wow all
right now oh that we imaging my fingers
two more two more no yes yes it is a
week I want me anyway we're gonna keep
it and I'll go for a drink no two DJ's I
can are you a teacher DJ mr. driver they
just by DJ bobo
you
hey
oh I would go we now is the next day so
if you're wondering why I watching this
and it doesn't match up from what you
just watch this because the next day and
we basically went to that party which is
really quite um I didn't rob him I can
went straight into my bag and then from
there we ended up going to club after
root like the most random night in the
wild really really fun at the club that
we went to you without film in so yeah
also we had our bags and coat room but I
did snap chat a little bit more than
what I've logged so I'm going to finish
this video with a nice little
compilation of what my snapchat so yeah
if you want for me on snapchat you can
it is that Marcus Butler although i
think my username is changing very soon
to Marcus Butler so the marcus butler or
until if that's not it then it's marcus
butler but other than that changing but
yet also before we play that oh that's a
good angle isn't it hello was actually
can hit paying it no it wasn't it was
close yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog i haven't blogged in a long time
and i just woke up and thought you know
what I'm gonna look today so I did and
yeah I've fun bit i'm not i'm not going
about dateable game but i might every
now and again do like one brother week
or whenever I feel like it just blogged
more on this channel because then all
right anyway good video a thumbs up and
I'll see you with another normal more
marks video tomorrow right have you add
you ready ready peer pressure on
yo
to your friends
Oh
you know I love oh when you sit up and
you realize you're sharing a bed with
this manga this make it right
