hello Harry here D hey or I might has
got it
welcome to watching youtubers first
videos numero dos I film this about a
week ago a battle go we go that trend is
so in old now and you guys absolutely
loved it so here I am back with another
video and maintain part my series and I
hope you're going to enjoy it and I've
also read blow to your comment about who
to go and watch so that's what we're
gonna go and do now
alright we are starting off with Mr Dan
is not on fire six years ago hello
Internet
I think I remember I think this is Dan
like standing in the corner of a room
and he like I don't know right let's
have a look feel like I look a bit like
a DJ right now freak a DJ but but sorry
here we go oh my god that room this
looks like it's from what the 80s
blood TV oh wow dan Wow
so my name is that wasn't her EP oh we
got high wait list I mean I'm pretty
sure annotations weren't run on YouTube
then
so when Dan's gone my name is I think
maybe he meant to edit that in and
didn't know how or forgot nice cool I'm
like has my first property earnest Piper
bunny night I've always wanted to be
somebody that posts videos but I guess
I've never really had the confidence or
the motivation is the person with tissue
fear it's like so I know he's got like a
whole little sexy look going on with
lies like this and in the corner his
hair like I just really want to post
videos but had confidence that was until
some really good friends I've made
recently persuaded me to give it a shot
so I am I sound like Legolas in real
life oh there's laptops microphone makes
me sound like some than he does you
sound quite a mirage polar bear you
sound a bit ill with you you do sound
like that oh my videos will probably be
in the right here default run polar bear
little thumbs
a little bad laugh your other youtubers
first videos but we all were there at
that stage I've been there yeah I'm
gonna try my best not to just be one of
those people who sits there like hi so
today kind of sucked ah when a college
in consumer hands right hands kind of
awkward don't know what to say
you know the type who you fry and shade
that back in the day their dad clearly
fried shade at someone that was a
sexually gonna go down what have I done
to my face yeah that's it you still and
look what I woke up with doing it how
did you wait watch that wasn't doing
then what the that that was allowed beat
wasn't expecting that's done is that
your electric drum kit in the background
or exactly like Guitar Hero
right right well that's that's tannish
non-fire um fair play done fair play
let's go of amazingphil
nine years ago Phil you dinosaur you're
basically one of the first people on
YouTube Phil's video blog 27th of March
2006 that's that's that's almost 10
years ago what oh my god Phil like in a
few days you been uploading to YouTube
for 10 years I have so much respect for
you hi I'm Phil welcome to my video blog
which I hope you're very excited to be a
part of oh happy Mother's Day for one
which I got I'm on this for Mother's Day
it's a monkey chattering hey he got like
my component here scanning he was like
ah I've been doing my exam which has
been the most boring thing ever damn
will you pronate at Phil back down oh
yeah because what you said in your video
is what Phil's doing here right now
we're aggressive place assimilation and
regressive look like oh wise Yorker and
moving why did you can just move them
and it's her what you need anyway also
he sounds so Manchester is way that way
feels from he sounds split so mank 10
pounds in my wash jeans spin through the
wash smells very fresh but it still
works that's good that is good film
that is good funny I love that there's
no cutsies like finished saying and any
like um well can I talk about when
you're in four days which is exciting
I'm really excited about that we're
going to Las Vegas so I can go on the
slot machines what an absolute legend
Phil I'd go a very good Istanbul but I
might go on the slot machines pretty
sure Phil wasn't old enough to gamble in
Vegas when this video came out here's a
lion instead oh my god the line was in
from a very from day one that is amazing
pig oh I've been talking for ages I
don't just know one minute I open what
I've done dan and Phil I feel like
obviously they go well together and I
don't know how long this video is going
to be so I'm gonna leave it there but if
you want me to do more obviously give
the video a thumbs up and let me know
who you would like me to react to our
videos next leave a week on it's down
there so yeah hope you enjoyed and I
will see you beautiful people with
another video tomorrow then what am i
doing I said I a bye
