hello hi yes look we've got the light
back on I'm sorry
last time I filmed I just forgot and
then you guys didn't really like that
but it's back on now also my hair don't
really know what's going on with it it's
very long needs a cut just just deal
with it so today's video we're finding
out how experienced in pooping are you
yeah whoo quality Cooley frickin videos
no idea what this is gonna be like so
let's just roll with it okay here we go
check off all the poops you've taken
what oh my god are you serious
so this is sharing a bit too much info
post coffee poop yes post cigarette poop
no don't smoke poke don't post coffee
and cigarette poop doesn't apply to me
straight up diarrhea brilliant perfect
emoji poo well is that the perfect poo
confusing white poop
what squid ink black pick what this is
that I don't know if I should be filming
this video reddish poop after eating
beets no I don't personally I'm not
really a massive fan of be true so I
don't eat it flughhhh poop had flu
hungover shits yes but I don't like beer
beer poos like I don't what's that
period poop
what is this quiz ninja poop when you
wipe and there's nothing that's the best
bunch of tiny raisin like turds
yes poop so big you can feel your organs
resettle afterwards inside your body
why not sharp I've never shot it never
shot it I never wanted to shot hopefully
none of you have loud explosive bomb
blasts who yeah why not of definitely
yeah he's been
Oh anymore Oh Shane's in my contact lens
corn poop yeah that's
buttburn oh dude yes what could office
bathroom poop know I always feel like I
used to work in office but toilets would
I far away I've been in those people's
offices before where like there's a
massive open office say as I thirty
people that work there and then the
toilet is just like there so whoever
goes to the toilet and it's only one
toilet so everyone sees that person
going in and then depending on how long
they're in there I always feel like that
must be the most awkward situation to be
in because if you're in there for more
than a couple of minutes everyone kind
of knows that you've just done a massive
poo reflash poo yes vom poop when you're
pooping yes oh my god I had that when I
was in San Francisco and I got so ill I
was at tree one end over end one end up
yeah not nice not nice imagine poop when
you have to abandon everything for doing
to go explode I don't really I've never
really experienced that nervous poop is
that thing turf that flies out of your
shorts or doing about no God's no do you
know what I know actually I'm not gonna
share that I was about to share a story
with you when I was a kid and a story
related to poop but I'd like to keep
some of my dignity so maybe one day
you'll hear that story who knows
disappointing poop yeah rock-hard poop
yeah toilet Smasher porno Smasher drunk
pee
I had no Gino what unless I've been too
drunk to remember what I don't think so
it was so huge it makes you
just gonna middle-of-the-night poop
never had that urge was like oh this is
gonna go to fifty a hundred I'm just
gonna skip through the house
simultaneous eatin why you poop what no
that's disgusting ass destroying kale
poop what we gonna say yeah cuz it's got
Carol in it shout out kale accidental
sip Wow oh my god the amount of times in
poober just want I don't want Felipe yo
that's not what I was gonna say airplane
poop yes Sunday morning yeah of course
expert know who you wanted awesome
experience on anything yes
we went from one to Dante everyone's
been that the toilet will go yes
showing my results is that is that
literary you poop 37 out of 100 types of
poop you're well on your way to being a
poopster you've checked off all the
basics and you've even dipped your toes
into the bizarre frankly we're impressed
by how seriously you take your excrement
experiences well there's work still have
to do don't wait defecate cool so
weirdest videos I've ever done has been
taught through this video so glad that
that's taken place and you have
witnessed that so yeah if you enjoyed
this video thumbs up if you hate my hair
thumbs up see you tomorrow with another
video all right guys
