hello that was a very weird double
handed wave in true that wasn't it right
we're back with another spicy Troy video
I got online the other day these two
different types of sweets both of them
that seemed to be extremely hot jellies
so over here we have got fan Fantasma
brand scorching super chilly jellies and
then in Spanish LMS Caliente
or maybe Mexican as Max can have a
language or they speak Spanish no
Spanish we have some spice that you need
and in my left hand
we have Satan's spawn angelic little
gummy bears with a twisted dark side hot
Headz they could it's not their fault
they were just born that way
well let's see what we got in here oh
they smell they just smell like orange
with that OH gummy bears are so good on
there I can see at the flippin bits of
chili inside of them you guys probably
won't be able to see from that far away
I can legit see little speckles of spicy
chili stuff so that's good they're just
normal gummy bears can't see they're
about the size my eyes do I just go for
it go I'm gonna put two in it one six
I'm an utter absolute one two three go
fucking hell
there's a kick jeez that was instant oh
my god
wow that was so instant hmm okay rusty
ah
they are so spicy and it's not like they
would just spicy in my mouth it's like
they followed through so that will the
bearson follow through but the spice
followed through and it's now down into
my throat and chest shit they're hot I
put a bit of a sweat going on who
would've ever thought everybody's
favorite cute little gummy bears could
be that devilishly hot oh I think when I
see a gummy bear someone are cute Haribo
gummy bear absolutely not here we've got
some scorching super chilies the herb
from Mexico well they just won't they
smell so good
that's B as well soup I mean they're
gonna be hot on they know this doesn't
say that they've got chillies in these
things you're having visions huh
okay so these spicy ones by the way this
has happened arrow chili in it I don't
know what have an arrow chili is is that
hot chili we can go for this mustard on
five nail ahem oh no it tastes really
nice so far I genuinely haunt out my
mouth is so spicy right now from the
first then my mouth is getting hotter my
mouth feels like it's been abused by
chili these are literally killed so many
I'm definitely gonna put these in a
little Bowl so when people come around
mine I'll be right
oh my god I've ER a gummy bear be right
yes you can
I was about to say for a joke so I just
put a whole handful in my mouth but why
would I do that
en de fucking fuck off son I'm so
disappointed it means that's quite a lot
to be fair uh considering I put two in
my mouth and it went so spicy I'm going
I'm gonna doublet and then two four six
going for ten ten of them in my mouth
this is where I could pass away on my
channel guys
Oh
what that so much survival going on in
my mouth right now oh my dog bite Hey
look about aah
the thing is uh I hung a glitter on fire
the spice isn't just on them it's now
just left in my mouth by the postmarks
everyone ran applause Marcus actual
sweat on my nose huh Wow there we go
guys hope you enjoyed the video give it
a big thumbs up if you do and I'll see
you over that video my mother's a fire
bye
