hey yo hey yo bitch I'll tell you why
that reference is
really relatable know is make sense in
this video today I am going to be trying
crystal meth not actually crystal meth
something that's meant to look like
crystal meth but it's called blue eye
candy and I say it's meant to look like
crystal meth a national group is crystal
meth blue its crystals oh that smells
really really good
that's all these on this website the
other day and I thought it would be
funny to try them their reason why I
start with this video like oh yo bitch
is because it's kind of Breaking Bad
themes you can see here blue sky candy
with the Breaking Bad font and all that
chemistry business and then over here it
may be blue but it's the bomb 99.1% pure
and a picture of Heisenberg so anyone
that seen Breaking Bad that's why I this
is meant to represent crystal meth but
in a fun non drug abusive way don't ever
do crystal meth flavored candy pieces
cooked with sugar glucose oil of
peppermint and color II 1 3 3 warning
made in a factory that handles nuts not
suitable for nut allergy sufferers is
there anything that's ever made and put
on a packaging that says that doesn't
say made in a factory at hand was nuts
like does every factory handle nut does
every factory have a good few nuts in
there like what yeah I don't know any
factory workers out there do you have
the answer that question don't really
know what to do this because I'm quite
scared if I just go to bite it out or
like lose a tooth focus on the Chris
Paul that's what no not my face you know
I'm gonna get my blade face out of there
well oh we're nice and close aren't we
there's some crystals crystal crystal
stuff that's what it looks like very
sticky I'm just gonna put holding in my
mouth oh yeah don't try and buy it up
don't like a big old min I don't really
get how this is meant to oh my god have
you guys ever had something called a
mint oh oh yeah have you ever had
anything
Minto those like what's a mint that
defecated exactly like a mint oh I'm
going to be safe six hours chewing this
well or not really factory-made me hi
now that's happening is my teeth legal
and covered in chewed up bits of crystal
meth look so sharp when you swallow it
really tastes great just like a mint
like a peppermint what control on the
texture oh oh yeah I'm good now no one
got time for that
well there we go that's my first and
only ever crystal meth experience I
probably need stop saying Krishna is not
is not crystal meth it it was bought off
a sweet website so yeah it's just
referencing Breaking Bad and crystal
meth and I'm a massive Breaking Bad fan
that actually there's two questions of
the day one is the question about nuts
and factories second is are you a fan of
Breaking Bad
have you seen it anyway I really hope
you guys enjoyed this week's today's
video not this week's video thumbs up if
you did and I will see you beautiful
people tomorrow with another video all
right bye
