got big old box here you know what my
big old box is full of by she probably
do notice part of the video saying that
the fighter point so I feel like I
haven't done a trying food tasting video
in a long long time and I don't really
know why cuz they're somewhat favorite
videos to do so here we have got some
American candy get a skirt serial pooper
so we have got I feel like these are
probably you get out two of the most
popular American series you can get we
have got cat Captain crunches peanut
butter crunch cap there's a mouthful
isn't it give me that peanut butter
crunch and the probably most famous most
famous this is a famous cereal of
all-time is Kellogg's Froot Loops you
can get this in the UK this is I only
noticed because of obviously being our
friend this is literally like Zoe's
favorite cereal I think yeah I'm just
gonna you know what that's really pissed
me off that the bottom is open I don't
usually do those things but you know
it's like bad luck if you open a crisp
packet upside down saying like that I've
kind of got that superstitious feeling
with that don't happen pretty sure
wasn't even in focus for half the intro
so sorry like how is something that
color to be fair at least they fool the
pack to the to the to the brim to the
brim to the brim really pisses me up and
you go to eat something and half the
packet is full of air does that piss you
off that ready to say piss me off a bit
more video it piss piss piss piss piss
off that countless cursing piss off
oh really it's just like wee-wee off
okay I never know what is expecting to
smell like look at that oh yes I've got
a Buzz Lightyear spoon oh yes I'm gonna
eat with the bucket do you still get
that with kids cereals do you still get
toys and stuff into Sierra's that used
to be one of my favorite things when I
was growing up here we go this is my
Buzz Lightyear spoon now I'm going to
try some Froot Loops
yeah I didn't know what is expecting
smell like but they smell of fruit funny
night isn't it a spoonful of Froot Loops
helps you get diabetes helps you get
diabetes very sweet I mean it tastes
nice of course it tastes nice that's
because it's basically sugar that's
hungry this personal ever tasted them
but they taste really good actually I
wouldn't personally these my breakfast
because like I said not the best way to
start the day
spoonfuls of sugar anyway let's go to
try them individually Green is this
gonna taste like Apple no I bet they
don't even distinguish different flavors
do it that was orange now let's try pink
nope let's try blue blue got a slight
different flavor still not much though
and ya know they taste all the same so
important to point it in the color just
to make it look pretty I am looking
forward to trying this next one Captain
Crunch you hear this all the time in
films never I've never seen it really
I've never had it are these gonna be
like um we have our version which is
golden nuggets this is what Captain
Crunch looks like big brown no small
brown balls
um alt note where's my spoon what smells
very peanut buttery to be fair
hmm again tastes really good tastes like
a dessert both of these just taste like
a pudding and is really popular in
America by the way like is are they
really popular or are they not really
popular or in the UK do you people eat
these in the UK should I ask
I like them they're actually quite nice
I think I prefer the taste of Froot
Loops because getting my five a day n of
e numbers well that concludes round one
of my trying American cereals maybe this
will turn into a series of six series of
cereals around the world who knows give
the video a thumbs up if you want that
to happen and yeah I will see you
beautiful people tomorrow with not with
my buzz spin bye
