hello and welcome to the final episode
of youtuber fanfiction
I feel like this has been an ongoing
journey that I very much so enjoyed with
you guys but we are finishing it today
and I feel like a bit emotional there
could be some tears at the end of this
what just happened we had a bloody baby
and we called it Harvey
I hear talking at the end of my hospital
bed I slowly open my heavy eyes to see
Marcus of course
Zoe Alfea and Harvey Reginald in
Starbucks Oh Oh you feeling good I need
to drink though please he's so gorgeous
hon your little man Zoe smiled as she
gently put Harvey back to his cot marks
came back in with a cup of water that he
handed me doctor said you can go home
today as long as you feel okay after the
hospital discharged me and Harvey
Marcus drives us back home good job we
built up Harvey's room before all the
others I decided to take a warm bath as
Marcus bedded down Harvey ha ha me and
Marcus were cuddled up on the sofa me on
his lap bull you know I love you so much
Lola I always will and Dada - Harvey I
fell asleep in Marcus's arms feeling the
safest and happiest I've ever felt I
love you both - four years later in
quotations you may kiss the bride Oh
Marcus smiles at me mouthing the words I
love you before leaning in and smashing
our lips together they bloody love we
get old smashing of them lips don't they
bit my lips smiling into the kiss I
moaned giving him entrance where the
kids you're just kissing are you gonna
be like
all right come on guys me and Marcus
stopped to look at Jack who is giving us
the wink my cheeks went warm as a blush
rushed up my neck
what from Jack winking or Mia marks were
walking down the aisle when Harvey came
rushing up to us
Zoe following behind trying to get him
come on a little monster they both
looked adorable in their suits he wanted
his mommy and daddy
Zoe Chuck would rubbing her baby bump oh
my god Zoe baby
Oh me and Marcus stood outside by our
newly weds car right then come on girls
who's ready to catch let me have a guess
is Zoe gonna catch it oh I threw the
bouquet of flowers and they landed
straight into Zoe's hands Oh me and
Marcus think got into our honeymoon car
Harvey at our side Marcus took hold of
my hand in his and on rested my head on
his shoulder I love you Leila Middleton
Butler
this is 2014 thank you for reading my
first ever fanfiction I know it's rushed
but it's my first and I tried I have
made other fan fictions if you want to
check them out but if not thank you for
all the support out of this 2015 update
just a hello to Marcus for reading this
to be honest so you have to see how
cringe my younger self was and that this
is the least dirty fanfic you could have
chosen but nevertheless I'm lucky that
my must choose ins so thank you if you
don't already know Mark's uploaded a
video thanks to a viewer telling me and
bacey Mark's is reading this story first
of all would like to say how much I want
to cool hunter rock and stay there but I
just want to add this chap to inform you
that I don't know what I was thinking
when I wrote this like two years back
now maybe you can laugh as much as I did
thanks everyone for support though
everyone is so nice on here well yeah
that's the first fanfiction complete
I've never read a complete fanfiction I
had so much fun doing it do you feel
kind of sad that the journeys now done
that that is it positive is finished but
hey this is the end of a chapter but
this could also be start of a new era
maybe we should make this into seasons
we've done season one that's it finished
would you like to see this and this
format carried out if it is to do with
me I think it's funnier so if you guys
know of any dirty fanfiction or
something like that then tell me what to
read in the comment section below also
should probably add in a thank you to
the girl who wrote in the first place
because you've given great entertainment
to me and everyone else so thank you fan
cake thanks writing it maybe you'll do
some more in the future
I don't know but anyway love you guys
bye
