hey how's it going everybody today I'm
taking part in a challenge that
basically I have got a compilation of my
videos in front of me and they are from
a while ago I don't know what they are
either yes the year the title and the
month of the video and there's a bonus
point if I can guess the actual date
there's three points up for grabs for
each one and a bonus point which is very
light I mean yet so here we go that's
how I did desk lamp at the back
that I stuffed up 2.0 the back of my
head and then it just ruins the shot
like some Star Wars effect this is me
what I used to have a run but in a very
monotone voice of your own then I went
on Facebook and there's a picture with
her tits out okay title give me a chance
this is it Facebook first porn site yeah
yeah yeah yeah start my challenge 2010 I
think is 2011
yeah yeah I it's even to buy thing is
September no is it all good no twelve
types of people on airplanes by airports
airports what really what not to do what
not to do at airports yeah this would've
been 2012 is this this is Eve April May
know what
when is that G oh cool 14:17 types teach
this good
September no no okay about November
whoa oh my god this I hate this game I
hate eggs I'm not good at it I don't
know the days would have been a fraud
nineteenth know what yeah oh yeah hang
on you're trying to catch me out on this
this is 2014 yeah yeah
date oh that's a 19th you're right how
tight super super market or know what
not to do you want yet what what not to
supermarket what this is 2014
yeah and hard because it's like
borderline it's either end of August or
right of you know September alone all
one is which was a whole new title fight
hang on to your shopping wait what the
 is this video code is gone it has
super mine's in title this is so much
harder than I thought it was gonna be
ah things people do yeah in supermarkets
all at supermarkets I'm going autist
yeah the third year things people doing
here
not things people do whoa oh my god this
is so frustrating
yeah is 2012 yep either September
October November
no what weird thing no she was it's two
words yeah - yeah something mirror yeah
other night the mirror it's not called
the mirror it is no it's not that's not
called America you sure I put all my
money there's a mirror where did you get
that from YouTube my channel yes that is
not called the mirror check it that's
called the mirror I thought I was just
cool first like I said things people do
in the mirror no I'll give you an extra
bonus yeah I want to see the date on the
day on there so am i talk yes and if
every second no 19:05 said 90 last one
11 out of 15 I'm quite disappointed with
myself to be honest considering that my
videos but it's a so much harder than I
thought that was gonna be obviously the
bonus questions with that I just knew
all wasn't gonna get but yeah those are
my old video titles and that was really
really hard if any of you managed to get
all of those I would be like a bit
scared by hope you guys enjoyed the
video give a thumbs up if you did and
they'll see you tomorrow with another
video all right love you guys
