hello how are you doing
people of Neiman Marcus Channel I am
taking part in a quiz today and it's
gonna be which friends character you I
love friends but I'm not one of those
people that knows friends inside out you
all have that friend who you really
watch and on Comedy Central or something
and episode will be on they walk in and
they're just like oh my god this is the
episode when Ross does this and rages of
this and just literally know the whole
episode through and through I've never
been that person I'm always jealous of
that person I have seen probably 50% of
the episodes but don't know mama help
but I'm doing which friends character
you were that was ready pick a color
ah I don't know what my favorite color
is do you know what I used to always say
my favorite color was orange but
thinking about it I think my favorite
colors actually black no that's really
really like probably morbid and
depressing most of my clothes are black
I have a black bed frame which I can see
from here got black desk chair wearing
all black I'm I'm gonna switch it around
say back and probably be really
depressing I'm not a depressing person
pick a movie Jurassic Park dress spot to
wet hot American summer my best friend's
reading wedding
ratatouille Indiana Jones The Godfather
The Goonies Love Actually I haven't seen
half of those and the ones that have
seen it on remember only over Love
Actually cuz I love love actually pick a
season oh don't do this to me winter
spring summer fool I think my two
favorite my favorite seasons it's
between spring and fall or autumn as US
English folk call it I am gonna go with
spring because as soon as it becomes
spring all the flowers start to blossom
everything starts to become pretty the
weather's nice it's not too hot like
spring and the spring what's your
favorite season pick a song you've got a
friend in me don't know just a friend by
Bismarck II don't know half these can't
be friends by Trey Songz my best friend
by Tim McGraw hello I don't know any of
these you're my friend by Queen my best
friend's girls my best friend my best
friend's girl
bloody hell I am
you've got a friend it'd be such a good
song on a Friday night you can be found
on a date wondering what your ex is
doing working hanging with your kids
drinking with friends at a party
sleeping dancing at a club making dinner
and watching a movie at home playing
board games
hanging with job kids I'm gonna say
drinking with friends at a party on a
Friday night why not pick a power war
it's quite a lot here invisibility time
travel the ability to magically write
hit songs that would be amazing super
strength the ability to fly
teleportation the ability to read minds
the ability to breathe underwater night
vision do you know what the ability to
fly for me out those standard things
invisibility all that stuff
actually no sorry I'm changing I'm
changing to time-travel the ability to
fly and time travel would be my two
things because ability to fly just
imagine that if you're just huddle here
I'm just gonna fly to the shops but time
travel for me is something that I wish
was a real thing I wish I could travel
back in time see what people used to
live like see how we ended up where we
are today they go for the soft hood in
there pick up pick up bird he was gonna
choose a crow that wasn't my boring
birds in the world a peacock a chicken a
duck big bird the turkey a penguin an
eagle parrot a penguin loved a penguin
big fantasy series Harry Potter Lord of
the Rings
Twilight Game of Thrones Holly aim Star
Wars I'm gonna go with Harry Potter you
would rather date Don Draper Olivia Pope
Liz Lemon Jesse Pinkman Carrie Bradshaw
Tom Harper bored Rachel Daenerys Tartu
Aryan or SpongeBob SquarePants
oh I would raw I mean yeah Rachel it's
just the Daenerys Targaryen is something
about her and Game of Thrones I'm just
all over so I'm going with you love on
New Year's Eve you will be sleeping
watching fireworks at small gathering
with your closest friends large fans
have expensive expensive event watching
the ball drop at home
partying in Times Square I would have
loved
do that don't get huge party full of you
please don't know
no parents just going with the flow
drinking drinking that's the thing like
New Year's is always so overrated and it
usually involves drink of some kind so
that's why I'm putting drinking pick a
TV show girls Glee Breaking Bad homeland
how I met him over Grey's Anatomy
Lauren ordered Sopranos house at all of
those you know Breaking Bad you got Ross
you can't get laid without getting
someone pregnant cool glad to know that
so that's good I was kind of expecting
to get Joey because I feel like I've got
a lot of similarities to Joey you know
Joey is very clumsy Joey likes his food
that's about it really
Ross I don't know do you see me as Ross
who would you pick me as if you pick me
as a friend's character on the spot Oh
tough mix Oh Jerry yeah I think you
watch and nourish you offer you quite
sarcastic that sarcastic quip I think
you're Chandler okay
it's proven true well it's quite
positive yeah well there we go
I'm Ross from friends who would you who
would you choose me as there you go
said while Smith CDI over here so who
would you choose me as a friends
character leaving comments below give
the video a thumbs up and I'll see you
beautiful people tomorrow in our video
bye
