hey guys how's it going
today's videos a little bit different I
got this really cool opportunity of a
day to basically be on TV on Comedy
Central in a program called drunk
history I'm in an episode with Matthew
horn Catherine Tate and I play a member
of the sit back that's back there a
member of the Theosophical Society in
the Cottingley fairies so this is
basically a behind-the-scenes vlog so
yeah hope you guys enjoy the video hello
there everybody
good morning a little bit tired today
only because when you're saying that
you're seeing is a lot later stage but
you'll be able to put two and two
together yesterday was the first day of
the music shoot video and today is a
very very exciting day but last night
we're going up literally as we got back
half two after the shoot so a little bit
tired but nonetheless I am off to shoot
something for TV which is actually
really really cool and exciting and it's
something called drunk history I watched
season one of this and I'm not just
saying this because I'm going to be in
10th place honestly like the funniest TV
program I have seen they basically get
comedians
it's like someone like Jack White or get
them to get absolutely trolley to drink
as much they want and they have to tell
a story a historical story on
like a topic like the fire of London or
something like that whilst they're
talking about that they have other like
comedians and people act out the scenes
they're talking about but lip syncs to
their words that's where I'm coming in
so I'm going in to act and lip sync
along to some drunk comedians words on
some random historical topics which
should be funny very very you know I'm
guessing that we light some hair mate I
think I've had to give all my clothes
sizing and stuff so they can I'd
probably dress me up in I've got nice
wise are we going to look I come from
1,500 strong history
say hello there I can't look at this dr
willy this is very historical
this is very exciting in my head but I
really expect now I'd have never done
anything like this before
I never it's probably gonna be a lot
like reduction that's about air blower
thing there's a lot of snow in there
that's hose Thank You snow day not real
so this is where location set is that
we're gonna go take a look at what I
just filming there was what they're
actually filming I was just standing
there like no it's me trying to fill
behind the scenes but and yeah we're
gonna Kim this massive like the old
country Ansel Ximena now is just used
for legibility
that is my trader but yeah we're gonna
go check out set it was no lunch and
then straight office I'm going into my
costume
I'm have not haven't seen it yet cost
you makeup hair
alright so this is another set where I'm
actually going on this they're not like
because then acting on it now but just
like there's no acting going on you can
see is like proper old school they've
even gone got fake great away they
really are fake I'm gonna fake but look
very real this is what TV set food looks
like full-on roast dinner like full-on
but they do not mess about that Alex is
so happy she's even getting snapchat out
for that
the hand is out when the hand is out
serious alex is about a very exclusive
trailer tour
you had a first mother's father's
trailer - welcome to the crib guys we
got the air metal steps going up and
then you got the old crib boy and you
got an Alex in the corner yeah we've
just got here this is my costume which I
have I don't know how I meant to wear it
or what I'm doing with it but um that's
my costume put a little screen here TV
screen because why not
you can watch TV little sink toilet area
speakers wait are they speakers oh my
god I've got to speak of them here
get in there and they're all covered
arrogance Oh lovely
this is actually really really cool he
tent awesome man this turn-on oh my god
that's so cool so cool
yeah that's my trailer okay I'm about to
change and then we're having makeup all
that stuff so yeah so I've had my makeup
done looking at fabulous yeah
although really at it was literally
enough like three minutes I like done
you've got to get that on in a minute
and then I'm going to film basically and
this is really quite a common photo
Jonah I'm basically filming with Matt
horn and Katherine tape so they're like
gonna be the main people doing on the
main stuff and I'm gonna be next to the
mic hey I'm changing into the costume
I'm doing there was a costume design
they just come in and she's like tell me
because I've got overseas it's an old
fashioned so I'm like I have to look
nothing an old-fashioned dude right guys
got the got the shirt tucked in and this
is how I'm looking to be fair it's
actually very comfortable I think it's
my penis in your clothing like this one
they go do you think maybe you find your
new style for like these things which is
whether I what he doesn't play
Comedy Central that's what this TV show
is on by the way that's just really
really cool I'm gonna be on Comedy
Central
pretty cool is that yes I already told
you I'm from winter 9 then this
comedians like Emma Bunton Zahn it
Michelle Keegan I'm vlogging like
normally as well as just dressed like
this I mean I said earlier I feel like a
bit like a train captain about to go I
also feel a bit clowning like these
trousers come on so funny
we're heading down to set although this
isn't myself this is the end of what
they're filming and then I think I'm
joining them on the next scene people B
can take me seriously like this either
thing that's cute
so this is the scene well set for the
next scene which is what I'll be on I'm
this I'm involved in this and I'm gonna
be sat on the table but yeah this is
what it looks like it's so cold outside
I don't know how the other guys the
other guys like filming outside and
tinier dresses and stuff even inside
it's freezing you got a giant cards
super easy
they cannot believe it they go
wowie this is incredible actual fairies
so she gets these pictures to the
Theosophical society and they go
absolutely wild for it they cannot
believe it they go wowie this is
incredible actual fairies I can't
believe it I've never seen a fairy I've
always hoped to have you yeah I've seen
one once
well we didn't believe you because you
were drunk no an old man
you can't read this
I've changed my old acting is her name
huh well today was so much fun
like such a cool experience and awesome
for me to try something new like I
haven't ever done before so really
really really enjoyed that I think you
would definitely see me do more stuff
like that in the future hopefully
because it was fun and you guys should
check out basically because yeah I'm on
a TV show so I'll put all the
information in the description box but
you guys should definitely go check it
out I'm not just some in it but it's
also an awesome show and I genuinely
think you already like it so yeah other
than that I love you people and I will
see you tomorrow yeah basically if you
guys want to see that I think you should
it's a really really funny show anyway
and obviously I'm in it which is really
really cool it's on Comedy Central 9th
of March 10 p.m. make sure you check it
out drunk history from a faith yeah if
you happen to miss it you can catch it
on repeat on Friday 11 p.m. or sometime
over the weekend so yeah hope you like
that and I'll see you guys
