hey guys how is it going Oh do weirdest
enjoy sometimes that sounded like a
formal hey guys how are you going
today's video is going to be finding out
what kind of emoji mi mogees are
probably part of everyone who's watching
this videos life they're part of my life
and I feel like they genuinely add like
so much you can chat to someone with
emojis throw so many more emotions at
them emojis are good they're great what
is your favorite holiday
New Year's Eve birthday Christmas 4th of
July Halloween st. patch they burn and
their Thanksgiving holidays are the
worst now of those Christmas just is I
really wish in the UK we had
Thanksgiving and 4th of July I mean
obviously historical reasons we don't
that Americans and that's why you guys
celebrate it
but I kind of wish that we could jump in
on that and be like yeah America
Independence and your cool pick a letter
in the alphabet dlb well you haven't
given me the whole alphabet so d lb and
was obviously M who's your favorite
Britney Spears Justin Britney who's Kiev
e DS Brittany Kevin Federline cool and
something every day
Madonna kiss Britney Mickey Mouse Club
Britney baby one more time Brady who's
the daddy and Britney Vegas Britney
toxic Britney slay for you burning its
slave for you to shoot her really high
and save for you yep so do they going I
think she looks very strong and
independent I'm pretty sure you just
nodded your head and went yes play for
you I love oops I did it again Britney
like so innocent and so with a little
pony tails but or is that baby one more
time
oops I did it again which is in school
isn't it yeah you are big Britney fan on
you yeah she does really good as new pop
songs
alright is your dream job actor
astronaut pot party planner chef high
school teacher rock star writer
socialite computer game programmer dream
job like out of those either an actor or
a rock star I'm gonna go with actor who
is your favorite Disney villain
Maleficent
Oh scar why is there that man
you know I really like scar Maleficent
and Ursula I'm going a scar
what do you eat for breakfast Ollie
whatever omelette waffles coffee
french toast cereal yoga evimer none of
those might do of coffee so I'll go
coffee
pick a celebrity baby name rocket ocean
north Coco apple new new unit Maddox
Blue Ivy audio science why why to be
they named their babies these odd things
Maddox is cool though I'm going to
manage donut whose baby that is where'd
you get your news The Daily Show
Facebook your mom Google Alerts cable TV
word of mouth online Twitter newspaper
John Twitter usually for me yeah Twitter
pretty much what's your favorite
fast-food restaurant KFC McDonald's Papa
John's in and out Chipotle tack about
Starbucks Starbucks a fast food
restaurant when Lee's Subway definitely
for me
Chipotle I thought be supple no
two-foot-long Butler oh boy two-foot
long but hasn't been around for about
four years
whereas Chipotle Butler that's a thing
like I love a bitch boat they what's
your favorite Winter Olympic sports
snowboarding please be on there yeah
that I didn't even have to read the rest
oh cool I saw that and that I thought
that meant sad but apparently I got
sarcastic side I Schumann's you're sassy
and sarcastic always prepared with a
witty comeback you're a pro at throwing
shade and rolling your eyes most of the
time you're so over it that's actually
that sounds about right in the sense in
you know in the sassy and sarcastic
sense definitely still has take sense
yeah that's so weird
how does it how does it do that I'm
quite happy about that yes I am a
sarcastic twat so well done quiz you
kind of gets me right what what emoji
would you judge yourself as Joel
actually I would add in so yes that's
why astok won but also just you know the
really cute smile like what mode you
would you give yourself as your favorite
emoji oh no what emoji sums you up but
yeah cool hope you enjoyed this video
give me a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you people tomorrow bye
