hello beautiful safety people welcome
welcome welcome to an educational video
yo general I saw a comment over that
song I was like where's the BuzzFeed
stuff guy missed the BuzzFeed straw if
you've watched your channel for a long
time we've taken part in quizzes and
games that have come from BuzzFeed and
we bring that back today also it's about
text education because people need to
know about that right it's important to
learn about sex education whether you're
a school you learn about it or whether
you're on YouTube use to learn about
them so today you're going to be laying
out with me Marcus your teacher so this
is asking people within the BuzzFeed
community or people that work at
BuzzFeed and these you've come across
across the whole world what they learn
about sex at school and playas
sex education around the world Hoover
Hoover 18 from India it was done in a
very secretive manner as if it were
meeting of a meeting of Dumbledore's
Army I learned about periods in middle
school but only for girls I don't know
if that's changed now but I think that's
where I feel like everyone should learn
about areas not just girls
oh we were warned strictly that we
couldn't talk about what happened once
they were out of the hall especially to
the boys what
how does this and we're asked to hide
those pads given to us in our bags well
okay this is obviously like better than
India I don't know if that's normal but
for to hear that sound so being asked to
hide your past as if it's like a crime
but human body people I'm having sex
education in high school was we had
those days like PSHE personal sex health
education I feel like we used to do
those days like once every few months I
also love those days because it's
basically an afternoon off we use it a
whole day and then the schools like no
not important so you're just going to
have one hour and one Thursday every
month or something so it's a bit like
okay that's not fun and it just felt
like awkward we learn about stuff in a
crop show either one amazing teacher
I do see remember
having a condom less mentor has become
normal
condom on and it was literally used with
a river banana show now so so Trixie 16
UK biggest thing we use that was how to
use protection that lists us with like
Adam Isaiah the purple dildo in the hand
teacher still gives me my pet same-sex
relationship were not a thing we studied
at all that is same to me I really hope
that as a thing now in schools like what
is it I was going to mess up at the end
of the video but what is it that you're
toward school it's same sex at your
school and I okay then which it of
course should be but when I was learning
it wasn't ever spoken about I also feel
like I remember in biology being taught
a lot of that HT STI which they're
called they kept calling them STDs
because they used to be called STDs that
their XT is if you're not worried about
sexually transmitted infections
you see diseases but I don't think
they're diseases but there are some
diseases but also sti's someone from the
Netherlands they don't have a name they
taught us about animals meeting I
remember watching a video of hedgehogs
maintained it was narrated by that
British guy David Attenborough brilliant
in grade 9 we learned about protection
consent sexuality I remember there was a
box of dildos our school had in some
closet and we learned how to economize
see that sounds great get a bit of
variety you've got animals involved
you've got sti's involve your consent in
law which is a massive thing we didn't
have consent again at school either we
learned about the ph levels of the
vagina and semen good South Africa they
sold pass and tampons of the tuckshop
like that Shadia 26 real anger we didn't
learn much except premarital sex equals
hell
it's crazy and I mean 22 from Denmark
I only remember all the kids in about
seven for eighth grade being stuffed
into an auditorium and being shown
horrible pictures of genital warts
we didn't earn that consent is key this
is I've mentioned four I hope it should
have been there wasn't for me that that
should be up there in priorities of sex
education I feel as my kid was going to
school I would want them to be learning
about that kind of stuff
Peru 22 Gabriella they showed us videos
of abortion so we would be scared
freaking Alice B they didn't talk about
Secretariat choice was that using
concept message condoms with a sin so
interesting how like it differs around
the world we're talking about a sexual
relationship between two humans how
varied it is seen in culture based on
where you are in the world and
fascinates me from Michigan so America
my sex ed was so sex positive that I
think some people on the asexual
spectrum for example might have felt
pressured to have sex I mean that's not
funny I mean hopefully they didn't but I
feel as a good thing it was very great
it always had the biological and
anatomical fact about sex as well as
practical advice for sexual health
brilliant sounds great 34 Sarah from
Texas until I was in my 20s I never knew
what normal healthy penis looks like I
thought is there any clarification on
that to be honest I didn't know what my
own vagina looks like until then either
I never looked and the photos we were
showing sex ed what of infected body
parts okay this is Ecuador 21 they never
said homophobia was a value but they
preached it a lot
I went to an all-girls Catholic school
who didn't have explicit sex education
nobody ever called it that that is crazy
I mean it's an all-girls Catholic school
the point of these classes they had was
to install values they considered
important including of course abstinence
and homophobia it's crazy imagine if you
were gay or bisexual or like unsure and
you're in that surrounding and you're
just like the most mess of your head so
much as a kid I learned males and
females can be raped and be rapists we
were taught the definition of rape I
learned the cup of tea an analogy rule
to discuss the mental trauma that can
stem from it as well as resources to get
help either males and females can be
rape and be rapist
ultimately it was stressed that the only
way to prevent pregnancy was through
abstinence
okay this is an interesting one
Singapore we don't know that age sending
nudes social media we learned about
attraction sending nudes social media
sexualizing mentor ation towards both
genders separately cyber attacks
affection abuse sexual use by family
members neighbors and acquaintances
reproduction blow-up over that sounds
good that you're learning about a lot of
things in school I like that you just
said down here though you didn't know
nice guys homosexuality contraceptives
and other particulars I mean I guess you
don't do everything but you still things
get a pretty good list that I'm being
honest sending news is a really
interesting one because that wasn't
nothing when I was in school but its
massive now I think that as well it's so
important to teach to young kids who
have phones and maybe being asked all
these things like don't do it basically
I'm all up for sending like cheeky
pictures to your like lover or whatever
but just don't be like nude dropping
everywhere not not wise unless you want
to of course unless that is you're happy
doing that and other people potentially
seeing those I went to a Catholic school
and saying the word sex was a sin cheese
we were taught that the best con
perceptive method it's staying a virgin
Brigham Jesus so the person giving them
lessons on this would only ever talk
about syphilis and HIV great
cheese-like as this is in Argentina
mental men until I actually find all
this stuff really fascinating and but
like I said I would like to there's so
much more we can do we can do a part two
of this if you want and also I can maybe
do a part two going through your comment
section because I think that'd be really
interesting if you guys have some
interesting stories from where you are
in the world but please do enlighten us
with what it's like where you live what
you've learnt and school share it in the
coins if your funny stories whatever
love to hear that
other than that giving really a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I will see you
guys tomorrow in our video alright bye
