hey how's it going today I'm filming a
video I have filmed before my main
channel a long 12 probably up two years
ago called reacting to my old Instagram
photos yeah I thought this might be fun
to meet into serious to go through my
audience around right from the very
beginning and just look at some laughing
together and just laugh at my life
basically see what old Marcus used to be
like starting with what a great first
picture 228 weeks ago four and a half
years ago and I thought you know what
that picture on my wall I'm gonna snap
that that it's really cool third picture
really like morning that was a picture
outside my window look at that filter
classic for feature those went even mind
they were his beats I think I took a
picture of hits his headphones and being
like that you can make these look really
cool it was very very much so in tamiya
my dick my skies lovely evening was a
lovely evening market legend picture
number 6 crunk juice this is lethal
Google and what why was I telling you to
Guzan crunk juice Luke twelve percent
alcohol I'm pretty sure this was a drink
that was banned in the UK but for some
and you could only get it in some random
shops in Southampton if you live in
Southampton what is that true I didn't
post a selfie selfies weren't a thin
here we go what's this picture of two
drinks oh yeah what would do oh look at
that look at that here is a picture my
new sound system oh yeah you see them
still what those bad boys today this is
my first selfie first ever picture of me
and I've got contacts in and I'm trying
to do a sexy lip bye-bye just it's not
it's not working for me is it really
really happy with this Rihanna top that
I bought I remember that who likes my
new t-shirt do you know what looking at
that now I actually still quite a
teacher
first Malfi picture some of the stuff we
got today that was us in topshop trying
on weird clothes oh must have really
liked that t-shirt cuz straight after
that heading out smiley face nothing
like a good old mirror selfie and this
is me as a smurf when I went down to my
mate a uni legend this should do the job
this is when I was in my old job when I
used to travel around a lot I used to
drive around the country as a salesman
when i SAT 19 I've really liked my hot
chocolates didn't I just a couple of
pictures later mmm oh yeah 3 more
pictures never what should sort me out
for the drive home going live at eight
UK time tonight too oh so you I remember
so basically because i was literally
driving country in this old job so i
would be waking up at 4am get into my
car driving be any way it could be down
to Cornwall kidding me up to Scotland
sometimes stay the night and then drive
back the next day and I just get really
bored as on my own doing it nothing like
a good old self be with your Christmas
tree here we go here we go birthday
drinks with my sisters look at me and my
white shirt with the buttons undone
here's how to really kick 2012 off
that's actually a really good picture
Sipi fair what why did I take a picture
of that but didn't realize bacon needed
this much description or r.i.p bales
always be in my heart pal so now fee
helped me make my bed some strange
reason oh my god remember temple run
thank you what you saying 600,000
obviously felt as amazing then a couple
of weeks layer tripled that score new
high score cheek a copper bag one of my
favorite drinks are really cool picture
whilst I was driving on the way back
pretty sky driving home cool it's just
my old job I filmed demo video I was
really chuffed with myself set up my
corporate video I'm doing oh no the hot
chocolate there he is this should sort
me out for the day probably the worst
way to start your day pal oh yeah look
at that mirror selfie face I'm rocking a
little bit Am I where's the beer
but as the vid and that but it was
necessary to take a picture with my
sister's cute hot water bottle this was
when i dropped my toothbrush down the
toilet could my luck seriously get any
worse oh yes there's the DA me pizza
those are some thick crusts oh this is
when the pizza day start these are okay
you look at or monday oh this is where i
got one of those things you can stick on
the back of an iphone that makes them
like fish I lunch wow that's buns oh
that's a large as well you can sit in
Genoa wats Alaska's eight slices that
looks nice late night snack obviously
looks like a four year olds meal
couldn't even cut cheese properly oh
what's this one yum yum so that is
another massive pizza though isn't it
it's going amazing Susie all you do
lately is post pictures of pizzas
unhappy face see this selfie this is
almost one of those I'm trying to take a
selfie us on the train and hope no one's
looking so it's gonna be really quick
might be a bit blurry and whatever face
i give it is gonna have to go true
you're not about to say cheeky young
know is that all I bloody said yum yum
oh yeah there he is there he is boom 20
chicken nuggets chips boom oh there he
is me with a 30-piece a box old Marcus
was fun best invention mini party rings
what this is the worst that's I can see
I'm wearing my reality show as well so
obviously like that Rihanna t-shirt but
that angle I'm red my face is red and
it's literally from under here learn how
to take a selfie dude first picture of
my rocking my new flat cap oh it's so
cringe so cringe yeah yum yum yum yum
let me see yum yum on this piece of food
as well mmm it was even young no more
 mmm so yeah I'm here to end that
Higgs i'm having i'm having far too much
fun in this video is just getting on
forever but i really hope you guys like
it i will film a part 2 and upload that
if you guys want to see it so make sure
you give it a thumbs up and i will see
you very very soon going through
moldings again so yeah love you guys bye
