hello how you do it so I tweeted the
other day saying hey guys what would you
like to see me react to someone said
react to people falling down escalators
and I was like it's that a thing I know
I know people fall down escalators I've
never fallen down on myself properly and
lo and behold there is a the ultimate
escalator fail compilation I don't know
what's gonna be like I don't know how
mean it's gonna be laughing at people in
themselves is sometimes funny unless
they're old and that's not funny
the ultimate escalator fail what are you
doing boy to be fair that's quite all
though you're gonna hit the wall and get
stuck oh no you're not oh that must have
really hurt what oh shit definitely
knocked out from that what would you do
oh whoa but like okay sorry why are you
doing that are you ever not gonna hurt
yourself doing that like you kind of get
that I thought it's gonna be people just
standing on escalators and like Foley
Hoover but this I'm just like well yeah
you deserve that don't you oh no that's
not gonna end well
Oh always that is always a classic
running back up the escalators isn't
there oh you that really fucked you up
didn't there oh I've always wanted to
try this out that failed big time oh no
no that's that could hurt this is why I
put a bit oh oh that would really hurt
what's going on here oh oh oh is head /
- lie
Oh Oh dreamer Oh tree ha ah no no dude
stand up or just ride out that he's
riding out honor that's got really her
that's got really her oh my god you old
man you poor old man that's not gonna
end well mate it's not I'm telling us
not or coccyx broken clock ticks okay
that's just kind of normal
oh shit facepalm never do that thing
when there's those things to stop all
because that happens and you look like a
twat and front of everyone that that's
why I wanted to try the spinning thing
I've just been too scared to try oh no
no no you can always take them out we're
on some of these escalators like they
are seriously long oh I've never
properly stacked it down a set of stairs
that big look at this guy what's gonna
happen to him
you absolute bellend oh that failed in
there oh oh oh here it's stuck now they
made Tory out we're just really hurt
like the thing is trying to take his
bodies two ways oh no old man old man
old man no no dude put your foot on it
what are you doing put your foot on it
just put your foot on put your you know
you were you oh my god oh my god oh why
you rock Oh
God wow that was actually very very
entertaining but I very much so enjoyed
that the thing that I defined it so
funny no offense the older generation
I'd probably be the same I love watching
them go to get on a CSI if you're behind
them they like stare it as if it's
they've never never been on one before
and they're like wait and wait and wait
and they slowly like it sometimes they
touch their foot on it and then they're
like it's like a big deal for them to
get on it why is that a safer mode of
climbing stairs all we're just lazy this
is the protest for the safer mode of
getting upstairs anyway hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
to give it a big thumbs up and I will
see you tomorrow with another video bye
