vest is out you know that means why did
I enter like that hey how's it going
everybody
look what I'm in I'm in a vest that's
all yeah yeah best you know what means
when I'm wearing a vest
time to get saucy baby never going to do
that again
welcome back to fan fiction part 6
last time they found out the baby sex so
we got a little marquee but but on the
way also mark is proposed to Leila in
probably the most unromantic way
possible there are so many marks but the
fan fics
that I think actually just read all of
them and make them in series like this
what do you guys think today is my
birthday
there is a party at Zoey's so of course
anyone has spots of those flat just me
Marcus so Yaffe Louise and Darcy I'm
waiting for marks at Brighton train
station roll or a turn around and see
marks with this suitcase I pull him in
for a tight hug coming you gorgeous me
and marks arrived at Zoe's look at you
you're ready to burst happy birthday
I hear Louise laughs from behind so turn
around and pull her in for a hug what I
know my due date is in three months he I
go to thank Zoe for the party I ain't
giving a plot to us and she's just gonna
make out was open it's a gay you're only
21 that's her I hope that surprise for
you
my thanks my hat it places a little red
box I open up the box to see a gold key
I know we was saving up first and it's a
bit of a mad rush but I had to tell you
offer what we could and this apartment
was offered to MIT I cut marks off by
jumping into his arms and kissing his
lips how did you afford it don't you
worry posture
happy birthday babe absolute ball of
20th birthday ego is a house what I
grown marks is kissing my face all over
trying to wake me up wait when you just
go Leila wake up looking out like a dog
come on sleepy hood woke up i groan and
cover my eyes with my arm but now I feel
something wet on my cheek fine I'm up
Rosie was never clarified where that was
his tongue wore something else just
throwing out there open my eyes to see
marks was known the next to me I go
upstairs to look for him when I hear
music I pee through the gap and see
Marcus dancing and singing hello how are
you sexy people do today doing another
you now for his viewers my nose starts
to tickle i jus Marcus spins around see
me blood to her you have comments start
to fill up quickly who are you talking
to is that Lena get Leila's join who
they want you to join slowly walk
towards the chair so if you only be
watching my recent problems or you guys
don't know this is later Marcus smiles
at the camera was pointing at me hey
guys it's that a baby bump I see baby
Butler how cute yes me and Layla here
are a couple bucks takes my hat and him
Austin plays with my engagement ring and
I love her I'm in love with him too
two months later you marks I picked out
war bed for the flat we had finally
moved into but that would boot I put
baby vomit on the walls what about this
one I stick my tongue out and pull out a
nice neutral flower pattern one okay but
try to go less feminine on the house oh
yes he takes my hand did it just think
if I never helped you by that wallpaper
that day we wouldn't be stood here in
love bringing this little guy into the
world no Marcus if you have the sofa
there you won't have much space left
Lola trust me fine dear how you like it
I snap I'm going to mood over it I'm not
you are
sure a sharp pain hits me in the stomach
they start kicking me hard
only a sofa don't swear no Marcus mine I
start it hurts I'm standing in a puddle
of water oh my gosh
your water's broke
I don't care Markus just drive or cry
out loud
I can't drive pause to read doy I'm
trying my best to get to the hospital as
quick as I can breathe it'll be okay
when we finally ride with Austria and
taken to a birthday water birthing wow
you're so brave
my brave girl this hurts so much Marcus
remember breathe and I'll be here Marcus
get the nose quick and that comes
rushing in Marcus took hold in my hands
and I felt shaken fright honey you need
to push when I say okay ah if this goes
down I'm gonna cry I think it's okay
oh I read I'm scared
I held on to ladies tight grip which
felt like she was breaking my fingers
one knots pushing the baby would be born
I can't do it I can't do it you can and
you will she gave one last push well
done and that said whilst handing over
our baby to die the nurse was helping no
way why isn't he crying no later
tried to sit up to see what was
happening but she fainted back on the
bed not bright she's lost a lot of blood
let's get her into a theater now my
heart is beating fast I was then left in
the room alone the two people I love
most rushed away from me just like that
everything was white like empty I feel
like I'm going towards a bright light
it's so peaceful I want to stay here in
the emptiness
lela lela lela wakey-wakey
what happened lost a lot of blood and we
had to stitch you up you're going to
take you back so you can see your baby
boy I'm wheeled back into my ward see
Marcus at sleep in the chair and our
baby boy in the hospital calm Marcus
wanted you to be the first to hold him
yeah that's really that's really that's
really cute warmed me the nurse handed
me my baby
before going around Marc's ingenuity man
where am I but worried sick about you
you to my little fighters
why should we call this little 1rv
because you love that name I think you
should have his daddy's middle name
Harvey Lloyd Butler I handed markets
little harvey and then rested my head a
marxist shoulder Harvey died but that
baby had a baby that's the closest
experience they're having a baby that
I've encountered I feel like I've
learned a lot I felt oh it - Harvey
Harvey hi Harvey you're Harvey
cool well I'm gonna leave that there
guys we've got next chapter is Harvey
Butler yeah we got a few chapters left
next episode we're gonna find out what
happens in the end of the story so yeah
hope you guys are enjoying this give it
a thumbs up if you are I don't see you
next time for another pan picture all
right love you guys bye
