howdy hailey hailey holdi hailey haw hee
hee hee hello
howdy-do today day I am taking part in a
new series I thought what we do is there
are a lot of viral videos out there on
the internet now
wouldn't it be funny for me to react to
some of those viral videos I know you're
thinking yes it would Marcus read your
mind so that's what we're gonna be doing
starting off with one so maybe going
like weird viral videos here not
necessarily like the most viewed video
it's just weird viral videos starting
off with one called Willy bum bum this
used to be like my own Alfie's favorite
song I used to honestly love this one so
much
just remember to stop I've got a little
Willy I put it in my bum 17 million
views wait wait massive willy bum bum
say you're now on bed bed covers leg in
skirts
Scott kids clover their interest in the
laptop skins their journals get your
stuff for Christmas
does that sell I don't know maybe it
does did it it I've got a little Willie
I put it in my bum move my bum make some
organs are fun got lovely flick Willie
look what you've done
Luger photo no bum I love how they say
water and it's like gone off Pierce a
very dehydrated piss also smallest
Willie in the world picture dick just
smile mom a bum bum I can fit my
friendly little thumb right up my bum
when I do a fart okay boys you must have
been like a high or something
I found a wasp would you do mother I
found a wasp put it in my bum based on a
real-life story stung my rectum oh I got
was put it in the bum some erect um I'm
really really bam bam Willy Bam Bam Bam
more about my William we make it small
my really small my bumhole Chile what is
it push it up really really buzz I just
do okay well then one-third dick on his
head let's get drunk I said Tim upon it
was wise your bong and run we taste
Northam a friendly outdoor final in my
bum and a bottle of rum
that's good JA squatting it bad bad man
that video is so funny like I bet the
person made it had no idea that would
happen challenge got thirty seven
thousand subscribers second it's also a
song might as well do a theme of songs
is called the duck song I don't remember
this as much it has had 210 million
views that is mental hey dad any grapes
other you guys to go round is good with
this out when I was at school or when I
was at college or something I used to go
out singing this people think house
really funny oh my god no I might even
just used to tweet just like hey got any
grapes I actually think I tweeted that
once on my timeline hey gotta eat grapes
said no we don't know
doesn't he walk or what am i next day
what about bus but but doesn't it adjust
for grapes again hey got any grapes what
like what is this video seriously looks
like it was drawn by me when I sex by
the word are we anyone away what a 101
oh when in a nice day I'm Bam Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam does he say great oh there's
a twister Carmen always says hey got any
grapes but God's getting more bored I
know
well no no way wow how we're any halfway
through it's even more annoyed got me
grapes and it wasn't away by Watteau
anyone know where he went a while very
nice day come on it's gonna be a change
now
look it's face hey Danny great what does
he says great yeah he does I remember
this suit stupid rude but you know what
sounds good lemonade
hey and that's it and that's the dark
song right there why that has 200
million views I'm not sure that is very
funny
also this channel has 700,000
subscribers they make really cool videos
that was the first time I've ever done
this series so if you enjoyed and you
want me to do more give the video a
thumbs up and maybe we'll see more in
the future all right
other than that love you guys see
tomorrow bye
