hello look at my flowery chest how are
you guys doing today we are seeing if I
can identify the five seconds of summer
music video from the screen cat now I am
NOT the biggest five saucepan I
obviously know there are I've actually
seen them live but that's when they
supported one day I don't not like them
I know that massive like I don't not
like them too I know some of their songs
and the songs that I know I like I'm
just not like a huge fan so I don't know
their songs by no load that you guys are
that's why I thought would be
interesting to this video can you
identify the five seconds of summer
music video from the screen cap this is
heartache on the big screen gosh I have
not I'm just I'm just gonna refresh my
mind and play those songs is that don't
stop doing what you do and is everybody
yeah I loved this song if that is it I
really really like that's not actually
hey everybody donut I'm going with don't
know yeah I'm gonna don't stop oh
hey everybody who would have known a who
would have known probably how few people
watching this 18 she's kind of hot good
girls go she's kind of hot cuz I know
that song yes yes knew that definitely
knew that tryhard what I like about you
heartbreak girl I don't know I'm really
really sorry everybody
haven't seen this well I am looking at
that picture and it looks like they are
they don't look heartbroken so it's not
heartbreak girl could be what I like
about you or it could be trihard i think
it's trihard heartbreak girl when i said
that doesn't look like they're
heartbroken oh as a man with a beard
okay i know she looks so perfect and
then
in her American Apparel underwear is in
her American power and wear on my
American power underwear think you might
be in my American Apparel underwear
we've had I'm going she's she looked so
perfect but just massive fire saucepan
under water so is that no well their
names again you got Luke Luke Luke
Hemmings Ash nah man Michael Clifford
Oroville so forth guy called it's not J
Oh what's his name Luke
Ashton Calum bloody Callum that's who
you are
sorry Callum I'm really really sorry I
do know you I just couldn't remember
your top of my head but you look pretty
cool dude ah I think God get out you
know why cuz he's in the water no i'm
nita
that's a big crush she looks so perfect
what I like about you guys good girls
through and through told you told you
told you didn't I what even is that is
that like a brick wall or ceiling or
something
hey everybody like you're breaking the
bricks through and you're like hey no
you always don't stop we've hang out on
my limit there no trihard yeah told you
told you I knew that I just sense that
okay they're cuddling on the bed
wherever you are told you knew that you
must be impressed a little bit what I
like about you out my limit voodoo doll
oh I think I know voodoo doll is it
really old though can't retell much
that's going on obviously they're fans
they're so rude Udo is not what it is it
is out my limit
you got five out of ten right you did
better than 13% of people who took this
quiz press in although I did clarify the
very game I wasn't I'm not like a
hardcore fan so considering that I think
I did pretty pretty good although this
whole comment down is ten out of ten
anything less would be unacceptable okay
cool well I'm sure you guys playing
along with massive five sauce fans when
I saw Mike they're really really awesome
they're really really good actually hope
you manage to enjoy this video and play
LA at home if you did give it a big
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
with another video all right bye
