hello how is it going
the other day I did a video where I put
my face into youtubers faces I thought
that was funny literally as I finished
filming that video I found out that you
can like mask faces onto your face so as
opposed to me sticking my little a
little month on someone else's big old
month is that I don't have that can you
use that word to a face yeah just made
up on the spot
laughs yeah but also face now yes so I
am now going to put random people's
faces and mask them onto my face and
let's see what we can come up with
starting with carnage white West Kanye
West yeah easy easy just go up something
I'm Kanye West I'm a best
the greatest of all time I got a spider
on my head I don't know one speaking
with the Lisp because I'm pretty sure I
know there are IP Michael Never Say
Never
oh hello ladies
I think his face works pretty well on my
butt that looks like me if you saw me
walking down the road that you'd be
right that is Marcus oh my god
I'm winking and he's not winking oh he
was the most fun I've had I woke up at
6:30 a.m.
it did seven hundred thousand push-ups
and then I
Oh Calvin Cowen can you come over here
can you help me out I've got rid of
bushy eyebrows today I sound like the
muffin man nice to meet you
have you been starships were meant to
fly with this I just got some new lips
and I'm therapy of them hey hey Ali G
hey Ali G man he's sad is the best no
wet side but no wonder judy has got a
well wonky nose in it hey girl I just
want to play my rock guitar for you but
Laila Laila I just love you so much
Laila all I want is for that baby to be
mine so we'll piss off the neighbours
why does it always make everyone the
eyebrows 50 times bigger match y'all
well everybody we have got a problem and
that problem is I've lost half my face
America today
we have become a new nation I can't
continue there well there we go that was
me pissing about with load of famous
people's faces so I hope you guys manage
to enjoy that if you did of course notes
do you give the video a big big big
thumbs up and I will see you guys
tomorrow VIN on video all right love you
guys bye
