hello beautiful safety people we are
good to go
it is right hello hi it is August middle
of August right
you think it's night would you you would
think it is the evening it's four
o'clock four o'clock sure is hard ocular
Youngstown like there we go get that
lighting in also just put the radiators
on who puts the heat on in August anyway
welcome to the video welcome welcome
welcome today we are continuing the
theme of childhood snack and we're
taking part in a summary video even
though it's not summer it's raining a
lot but that video is trying ice lollies
from my childhood I salute is still
available now but I feel I only really
ate them in my childhood well that's
right them the majority of the time
there's a bloody love life all these
styles of an absolute classic who
remembers or who has clippos feel like
that's got smaller than anyone Oh a mini
one all my favorites I start love clip
hoes
you should really frustrate me though
when I've got them out the freezer and
it's too cold to push up
I used to getting really angry I also
really gross did it this is really gross
I used to eat the paper off then you're
sucking it maybe it's where I used to
buy the paper from children's one of the
paper one weird
also the know the best thing about
clippo is the juice at the bottom you
get that juice pool at the bottom that's
like winning the lottery
that lexical calm sensitive I can't be I
can't do that defi because I think I'm
the same way yeah
even the sound makes me go phonics no
Gino because I have to see if I'll show
you how easy I don't know if this is
again a bit animal II know he should
remove a cat all trussed up in her
whatever so thank you
next we have got also one of my absolute
fave ab lemon twists up this though
that's like it's a strawberry twists are
not the
classic green one the green one sister
screen or a twisters what honestly that
I think my favorite lolly oh my god how
does that taste show for a finger are
incredible is he doesn't seem a bit
sexual is me seeing it sucking volleys
setting Oh shucks I classic after they
passed it wasn't my paper in packaging
blue I swear it used to be blue
this is the supermarket dome is shocked
I I didn't realize that I could go
everywhere oh I love chocolate
Oh am I wrong I was a brunette so many
memories the thing that was amazing them
as well
the ending date it would melt in there
and be a little crunchy and pop
chocolate is basically ice ice cream
sauce ice cream sandwich with a thin
layer of chocolate on it amazing blasted
over here what is it
I system with that that milk milk no the
new meal with the cows on them yet maybe
not mini milk
oh now again to this multi pack version
yeah anyone so we've got strawberry
shuttling things as a bit sorry for
yourself we've lost hot these are my
sister's favorite or least I've been
Ellen's my favorite she's very milky
amazing and go sleepy yeah it's been
yeah yeah coach weird I'm not really a
fan that because of how milky that is
but you know we have our favorite okay
moving on to you know I never really
liked these that much classic fab
remember fab I didn't really only like
the top layer I could try some more down
there nothing seems nice but over Chris
played anything happening really and
I've got home and
four times one arm a favorite when
you're hungover no I come over ball yeah
the only good bit of the top there no
yeah that's just like a strawberry
that's weird there's a fan sprinkles on
top thumbs up that's the best thing ah
again if you have a good technique you
could suck it all and the whole top
layer would just float in your mouth
there's an art to eating faster mm-hmm
not a dog face very nice you know what a
bad tastes a lot like Senate look I'll
give it that
Oh rocket ah to be honest
mati said to be honest any time rockets
were the fun of lolly I wouldn't choose
to buy from the ice cream so but what is
going on with all of it that is not what
a rocket looks like we're on my way to
you and they'll notice yeah but yeah
rocket would not be my choice and ice
cream van but mom always bought them and
they were always in the freezer
I used to smash them Simon would be so
annoyed when I finished the package I
know that you have given those at
schools or sports a Cosimo's on top
layer or not pineapple mmm-hmm
no rum sort of brush that is a summer
lolly because that is like like you're
in the Caribbean having some nice fresh
fruits right well so we got so narrow
these are good as well they had the
thick thick if a nice already has a sick
sick that's decent as to see a thick
thick you get a good old wedge on that
just smell the reason is so good it just
smells like actual mango mmm oh oh my
god favorite one absolute very but one
now anyway I feel like it's my favorite
now not when I was a kid now I love that
Cornetto core the lemon nest Oh
oh not that one before sure I just love
these ways of peer they are melting
already that's why I'm wondering by the
way if these are just British or any of
rested on or if any of you have had
these around the world that is
classically the best bit out Cornetto
you notice the bottom bit was in short
that chocolate by face got it on their
test of its call it as hard chocolate in
the bomb a mail
alright we have got aa yeast so that I
know the names of these without the
packaging on them because they're multi
pack this is a feast it's like a nutty
chocolaty then I got these I've got the
hard bit in the middle Oh God mmm
no room what is my absolute favorite now
now which my favorite I want you to hop
them and then we go there wraps up
today's video childhood snacks with ice
lollies I hope you guys enjoyed it give
the video a thumbs up if you did
subscribe if you are new and also let me
know if you want to see some other
childhood snacks on here what we should
do then sweets or anything like that let
me know and I will see you guys probably
know video all right bye
