hello I'm gonna be looking through some
photos and seeing are they photoshopped
or are they real yes that's what we're
gonna be doing so real or Photoshop this
is just gonna end up really stressing me
out that's not real but how can that be
real because she why's that ship ship
wouldn't be bats Photoshop you know uh I
think that's real I do actually think
that is real because of the way her hair
and the dress is floating in the water
isn't that a real photo but it's being
like mirrored and I can't that's no
that's not real that's Photoshop huh-uh
Asura's how close i'm like in screen
what I mean I think it's real in the
sense that it it's not real snow and ice
and stuff like that but I think it's a
real photo real i think if that's real
how fuck do you get there but i think
that's real that is not real that is not
real yeah fuck that is real that is real
I think I'm through and that's an
awesome picture Roger this could be real
obviously not the balloons lifting up
but him jump in eggs Photoshop well well
it's obviously not and he doesn't have
that on his back well has he been
painted I think it's a real photo but
they've turned the apat passer past you
down on him this is real this is real
this obviously looks like a funny
picture bad things is real bad bowling
that is the coolest picture how long is
her hair if that's real there must be
down literally to the floor what's it
from tangled the girl who like has that
really long hair like climbs out her
bedroom with it that two days they base
that film off of her I think it's real
sir officer that I think it's real cool
love how it takes the piss out of you as
well maybe next millennium that is
actually sick that's real don't trust
your eyes done pretty well don't be that
mean test your powers of observation
real that is not real that is very job
haha that would be amazing if a tortoise
was jumping up like that that's real you
can tell whether shadowing the water
that's not real I can't be real what why
that fish isn't that the same fish
eating the other fish so that's
photoshopped yeah I think I've got quite
a good light I for this that is real
that's real that is really really cool
but really fake that is really cool but
really fake that meant to be his mouth
that is not real I can tell why that's
not real that is definitely not real
okay that is one of the coolest pictures
I've seen and that's real um so it's
shot it's cool picture of a photoshopped
oh that's hot i don't what even is that
is that a sea snake or something I think
it's a real picture but I don't know
what it is oh cool test the powers of
your observation it does look very
realistic where's the little splash that
looks a bit faith but I think it's a
real photo I got that right Bragg 21 out
of 25 I'm pretty impressive that 21 out
of 25 how did you guys do if you were
playing along as well I probably should
have said I being in the video play
along as well if you enjoyed the view
image to give it big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow another video bye
