Oh how is it going today still that cop
had a cough now for about two weeks just
one kiss off and look what I've got here
da da this is basically a plate full of
fruits from all around the world and at
all they're literally all fruits I've
never tried other than two of them so
I'm a little bit anxious to see how it
is going to go but instead of these like
all trying candy from Ramallah I thought
it'd be interesting to try and fruit
around the world first little thing
we're gonna go for this was called hang
on I had to take pictures of where I was
because I didn't know what they were
called
okay these are called I did not know
that we called these this sounds really
rude it is called a kumquat I'm just
gonna bite into my kumquat what marks
has been really a really strange
recently hasn't it and I also women in
the shop I was like do you peel these
because I like mini oranges and
apparently she was like some people peel
them some just go for it literally is
like a baby I'm just gonna go for it
definitely not gonna eat the skin
Richard right orange skin guy was
amazing skin that is or that is
literally orange peel
who eats that like she was into like
yeah some people like that that's really
nice makes up we go for this bad boy
this is called a guava I've heard of
guava guava man well it looks a bit like
a pear I like guava from nem EXCI Mecca
hola buenos dias me llamo Marcos tengo
been diagnosed soy bastante Alto annoyed
fot star I think you just bite into this
that's actually really oh but I've just
had a really really bad thought was for
me an apple in this video my stomach is
not use any of these fruits so I'm
probably going to absolutely whoo
everywhere this online it has a very it
doesn't taste like anything I've ever
had before it's like a very it's the
same texture as a pair so imagine biting
into a pear but then it tastes of guava
I've not got a clue what I do this this
is a dragon fruit I think I've had
dragon fruit before I'm pretty certain
I've had it before I've never been got
handed it all here's your dragon fruit
take that to school do you buy this do
you
here oh maybe boughs that what you do oh
there you go literally it's like peeling
an onion how cool is that how pink is on
the outside then inside it's like this
white that that's growing through there
I've had that and it doesn't really
taste of anything you think wouldn't you
if it's like oh yeah dragon fruit you're
like that is going to be
unbelievable and then you eat it and
you're like that it literally tastes
nothing boom
look at that lady gentleman that's
dragon fruit literary taste verse that
is the most letdown of fruit I've ever
had
honest it's like honestly there's a zero
taste in my mouth right now I have no
idea what this is this is called a feat
fade job feijoa Fei J oh this is from
Uruguay that's what it was i inside then
if you can even see that that smells in
credible oh my god I'm quite tight for
this it's a lot really small spoon to
eat of it oh my god dyes amazing there's
a lychee so good that is so so good we
have star fruit pretty sure I've had
this before guess it is star fruit
because it's like a star in the sky it's
high fruit edible okay Oh tastes like a
plant
I mean the inside is really good this
the skinny bit and on yeah like the
juicy bit inside quite nice and
refreshing skin not so much that's good
though right that I'd quite like to have
it's inside I have this don't have a
picture of what it was called good haha
Luc's looks like a tit granadilla
I think this was what's like a passion
fruit oh my what oh we all it looks like
a baby's inside oh my god oh my god oh
my god that's so good this is gonna be
quite good at them this is literally
like a big passion fruit oh my god it's
like sweeter than a passion fruit oh the
best one oh my god lip trio made on next
we have something called a custard apple
not sure where this is from
apparently it's like a uh-oh juice is
going everywhere juice is going
everywhere oh my god okay this is what
it looks like side
I'm literally peeling inside it looked a
bit oh that's on my phone a really
hard brat pick print you can eat oh my
god that is so good have you guys got
these or had these that is delicious
but seriously seriously go you have a
hairy testicle the hairy testicle is
called a rambu tan
I am bu t a bit tree is like I'm scared
there's gonna be a spider's nest when I
open this what squeezed
I'm just getting loaded juice everywhere
apparently these are like light cheese
oh oh what they are for testicle juice
in my face come on cam on cam um that is
what it's like think this is literally
gonna be other light you have you guys
had light cheese we get them in the UK
and you peel them and not quite like
that oh that's good really good I like
that a lot
but I'm mixed to get into though so yes
that concludes my exotic fruit tasting
video that was actually so much fun I
don't think I think I don't know if
anyone's done another video but I
haven't seen it before
obviously these are only a selection of
fruits I'm sure there are many many many
more fruits from around the world
especially where some of you guys
probably watching me from so let me know
if you want to see another one give I
give the video a thumbs up and also let
me know some other fruits that may be
from where you are I should try alright
other than that love you guys see you
tomorrow bye
