howdy howdy howdy hey D hidey-ho how is
it going today I'm sure lots of you have
seen it's been very popular recently I
don't know why somebody got a bit trendy
now because it's been around for for a
long time I don't think I've ever done
anything with it before but these old
face swapping apps
they've become rather popular recently
so hey I thought I'd jump on that trend
and swap my face with some of your
favorite youtubers first youtuber who
should we go in let's go with mister sug
Joe sugg see what we get for joe sugg
mister sug so weird cuz Joe's fingers
like going into my beard
why's my lip wobbling oh that's so with
alfie deyes oh my gosh oh this is gonna
look really weird there just does not
match how is this working when I'm
moving around hello guys my name is
alfred i and i love sorry i'm so mature
so this is my Justin Bieber haircut
Shaden the haircut looks really funny on
my face I should try and recreate his
face hammer kit so this is what I look
like on Zoey's face I think I look quite
hot personally
Wow oh my god you know we should test
let's see what happens if it with me if
I search market sparkler is that weird
that's me on me that's my face on my
face
that is really weird this is really
really where oh my god
hang on hi guys this is my new t-shirt
what up everybody should go superwoman
is weird oh my god that's really creepy
hi everyone today we are doing my new
spring morning routine mail it Jimmy
then I'm gonna come for you I don't
leave my face is done sigh - I'm gonna
try that I just look like a really
really big frog I look good oh my god I
look really good I think I would be good
at being Asian and on that note I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video give
the video thumbs up if you did and hey I
might return with some animals or some
celebrities or maybe some of your faces
maybe that's what I should do tweet me
pictures would that be weird if you
tweet me pictures of your face and then
I swap my face with your face probably a
little bit where - isn't it but hey I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and I
see its movin on one by E
