hello this video is gonna be very
interesting because you know I feel like
right now you're gonna get to know me
just a little bit more and realize how
extremely talented I am because today
we're doing karaoke I'm gonna be singing
three songs for you with my goddess of a
voice that's pretty much it
let's go yeah first song who other than
my main man JB don't even need the words
one two hit it
you gotta go and get angry at all of my
honesty hope I don't run out of time
could someone call a breath for you
can't see my mistakes maybe once or
twice this is so helpful to learn them
there I just need one more shot the
second chances yeah is it too late now
to say sorry
I wanna shine him sorry sorry I can't
get high sorry now sorry sorry now but
you oh my god this is it too late now to
say sorry
I let you down to say sorry now yeah I
know
I'll let you visit accessory now sorry
I'm sorry
is it late to say I'm sorry now judges
how did I do
forever I'll give you seven sometimes
keep going up a bit but be confident in
yourself yeah yeah ability you six know
the verses you were good and you did the
course world
you didn't find hit the note you didn't
okay thank you very minute massage oh
I'll take that
so you guys definitely agree with those
comments right next song you guys some
of you know I'm I am a Shawn Mendes fan
obviously is some stitches blew up like
recently I've actually known about that
song since it came out he's awfully
short though karaoke Shawn time this
should be interesting because I this is
like my car sing-along song and I always
sing it but I like never know the word
so I'm always there like so let's see I
know I thought there I've been hurt
before
but no one's ever left me quite this
sore
your words cut deeper than nine
now I need someone to breathe me back to
life
got a feeling that I'm going under but I
know that I'll make it out alive
you watch me please I know that I'm
without your kisses I'll be needing
stitches
hey thank you to come help I can't go
hide just like a month drawn to a flame
oh you lured me in I couldn't sense the
pain what I saw I'm les I'm out
I had a feeling that I'm going under but
I know that I'll make it out alive
bananas bleed until I can't breathe
shaking falling onto my knees and now
that I'm without your kisses I'll be
needing stitches needle and the thread
gonna get you out of my head needle and
the thread gonna wind up dead needle and
the thread gonna get you out of my head
so he started up really well oh wow he's
dating this I think the verse like I can
I think can hold a note in my yeah I
mean yeah I have a deep voice oh that
vocal range I don't I don't have that
ability it's quite powerful song there
is it likes revs yeah and they in the
chorus are doing saying that whips and
training I could work on life I think I
was better than sorry so could I make it
through to the next round
maybe boot camp cool where I get some
training I could learn to dance there
yeah perfect well that is my Jenna T
lost for karaoke singing on YouTube but
like I probably just embarrassed myself
a little bit I don't really care I had
fun that's what matters
do you want me to do this series just
I'm tough
I ever did I hit that light did I hit
that I think I hit that when it like it
did that wavy thing where it goes the
vibrato yeah yeah I hit that chunky
feature on my neck strap oh yeah if you
guys want to see more of this let me
know you the video a thumbs up if you
never want to hear me sing again that's
totally cool let me know and I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
