hi guys welcome back to the IQ quiz
where we are finding out how incredibly
intelligent I am we got halfway through
last time and I'm gonna continue you've
got ten more questions we're gonna see
how clever I am proceed to question 11
of 20 here we go
if all bloops are rate raises and all
races are lazy's all bloops are
definitely lazy's off why like where are
you ever gonna need to know the answer
to that like what's the point if so if
all bloops so you're bloops here and
they these bloops erases and then all
races are lazy's so then does that make
all bloops lazy's yes actually no it
doesn't of course it done cuz bloops are
raises not are denied false choose the
word most similar to trustworthy
resolute tenacity relevant insulin and
reliable reliable
oh we know our go for insulin reliable I
know what that means reliable if you
rearrange the letters LNG II DNA you
have the name of a something either an
animal county state city or ocean no Ned
you don't there's normally you got pen
and paper yeah yeah that's definitely
Mike's use so hogs the one in the first
video that we did it I was just like bad
Pacific I saw it straight away not going
to be it's not gonna be an ocean because
we had an ocean I think it could be an
animal no state sorry did you want very
which state what if I New York then I
know Canada Canon no more being stereo
too long I'm guessing it's really pick I
really want to carry on saying that
until I get it but I know it's just
gonna be really boring oh fuck off stay
Oh piss off which one of the numbers
does not belong in the following series
1 2 5 10 13 26 29 48
oh I think I should get this I think
they're all multiples of 2 right so one
times
- 2 times 2 is 2 times 2 is 5 then 5
times 2 is 10 and times cool yeah 5
doesn't fit because a 13 as a multiple
of 2 is 26 and 29 as a multiple of 2 is
48 so I know they're all multiples of 2
no 26 doesn't fit there you go wait no
fuck
well nice twist 48:29 is a mod for 2
tonight
Ralph likes 25 but not 24 he likes 400
but not but not 300 he likes 144 but not
one 145 which does he like fucking
weirdo if he's like if he likes those
numbers which I've given up to 50 don't
don't care how many four-sided figures
appear in the diagram below is my brain
wanted to do this I hate stuff like this
obviously more than 1028
what is the missing number in the
sequence shown below is that the only
way they can test your IQ by asking you
like throwing around num I could make
these questions up 1 8 27 question mark
125 216 Hamgyong clue 64 which one of
the following things is the least like
the others poem novel painting statue
flower but I would say it is flower
because the rest of all man-made
creations
that's his guess I'm going with his
guess that's something my brain is not
on that level right now which are the
figures below can we just finish this
already which of the figures below the
line drawings best completes the series
I don't care I gave up caring six
questions ago zero last question which
of the figures below the line of
drawings best completes the series what
I see but what is either this one on the
left
or this one on the right which one of
those is I'm gonna go purple or green
get the results you know in your IQ
score at least this are cool isn't that
really low yeah
you have an IQ of 1 to 7 you have an IQ
of 1z 7 show your friends how smart you
are by placing an official badge on your
blog ah yeah Einstein's IQ 160
Plus not for a few buddy
ah that's unfair I'm above average if I
work 2% higher over being gifted
seriously yeah that's pretty good but I
think I can put myself into gifted no
definitely don't believe that but hey
there that's my IQ apparently what's
your IQ
if you've ever done one of those things
hope you guys enjoyed this video
it was quite it's probably the most
stressed I've been doing wall marks
video but hey there we go
anyway I will see you guys with another
video tomorrow bye
