hello how's it going I feel like how I
look in this image right now with this
hoodie on because we were a headphone in
I look like I'm doing some kind of like
world tour or something and I'm about to
go on stage and sing I'm not I'm about
to do a try not to cry best of touching
commercials apparently so I'm gonna
watch them touching adverts and we're
gonna see if they are gonna meet me
shedded here let's see if marquee but
what's going to cry the sisters and the
true meaning of hair
have you ever blood why didn't you keep
your toy properly the one that you think
your life would be well enough for them
why are you picking on her no sister is
just a tiny girl thank you yeah the
garbage in your life that you have to
clean up all the time in powder a burden
to your life Fatiha you can't throw away
oh wait moments over that's a hair on my
treat today
so one sister lives a bit of a crazy
life by the looks of that you stole an
onion didn't you
Bob also parents had time to go
Oh deep fresh minds all I wanted her to
die one month away take I've seen what
heaven could hear my thinking boy thank
you
you have that's deep she is cancer it
was me who was going to die this is deep
man oh hair losing her hair no I'm
guessing the sisters still don't really
get on
I don't show dying plan ah what's the
matter what what's the matter
what do you think the matter is tell me
coach Italy why conditioned yaks a fat
ox a few week mark dissing me hasten
yagna she bedico that's what's gonna
make me like after all that like
flashbacks and now they help each other
like are there any family that music
like
you got nice hand oh he's a new one men
Micmac wack national cannon turns
yoo-hoo
I mean that's deep like neck sad here we
go dude it did it did
doggy so he's just seeing the girl of
his dreams and he's giving a dog his
food that he just bought I'm just gonna
make hard oh it's the dog is it though
safe in the space for the man yeah
that's that's key
it's really cute oh this is cute
get the out my car but a little
he's gonna it's so cute
Oh is he gonna tap is he gonna think
it's the girl and it's actually the dog
or is he gonna bring it to the gap
what what what cringe hashtag
predictable this is more like cute of
the dog adding some users this isn't
gonna help it's not like sad oh no that
was rubbish like really bad how come
they all like Asian adverts do they have
like no most meaningful adverts over
there there's girls pin lipstick on
where are you is her boyfriend who's
just text her possibly June June Oh mom
I was key she's so key oh oh she's up on
stage
my beautiful women based on a true story
she is Jane a senior student she is
quiet doesn't keep company with anyone
in the class when the class is over she
is rushes back home to to June she
rushes back home to June probably say
goodbye to teacher bye
rumor has it she had June's and she was
18 rumor has it back when combat like
that means something says she has a
child with her sugar daddy do you teach
a kid that little smile which is lychee
so Dora I can't handle the cuteness of
this kid she's drawing a mother and a
daughter you and her this one's this
one's hit me the most of our nothing's
even happened just showing their
relationship is key oh okay she's an
ordinary woman
so beautiful nor outstanding so be harsh
but the smile she has for jing-mei tell
me tapping makes me think that she's the
most beautiful woman that's true Oh Jane
hi mom
why didn't you tell the truth to
everyone the truth about June that is
not necessary but you know what they're
talking behind you how long her TV ads
over wherever is this wrong what's
happening
was she sad what what what what's up now
why is there a baby in a bag or is that
how she found there the robonaut and
talked about me and talked about Jean
yeah I think what you're gonna make me
cry
Oh going a bit there as if though she
she found that baby on the road
ah
no didn't cry I love you mum
that's so cute and she doesn't want
anyone to know wow what was that had
four believes all women were created to
be beautiful beauty inside Wow special
who need a second off of that that's but
that's like nice happy adverse isn't
it's not like something Bad's happening
that's like that last one was like
really like powerful but yeah hope that
you guys enjoyed this video give it a
thumbs up if you did and I will see you
tomorrow in another video bye
