hello how's it going guys today I'm
wearing a vest not because it's hot not
cuz it's summer not because I want to
get my nipples out but because we're
doing fan fiction part 5 and I just
wanted to get this skin out you know
let's get it's a bit raunchy it's a bit
flavorsome show that bare skin so last
time the viewers got really really
bitchy towards Layla because you know I
was hanging out with her a little bit we
went on a date the beach us and Louise
and Darcy though hopefully what what sex
eighteen weeks later that's what should
have been earlier you know when it was
like one pregnant that should have been
like eight weeks later not two days
later today was the second scan of our
baby and me and mark so excited that we
may be able to find out the sex
Oh check you out I tried to make an
effort
unlike some oh so playful we were
driving to that door my favorite song
came on the car so I cranked up the
music inside screaming better same
walking bubble on the track next
everybody needs somebody to love
everybody needs somebody to love and I
choose you and I choose you
appointment for Miss Rose please my
start of the reception if he joined his
fingers of mine we both were called in
shortly after I was greeted by a nurse
called Claire Claire squeeze this called
liquid on my stomach which made me
flinch and there you go one healthy
little baby would you like to know the
sex yes we do Oh congratulations you
have a little boy oh wow look at that we
have a boy I smile at Marcus whose face
had fell what's up aren't you glad it's
a boy of course I do I wanted to go so
she could look as beautiful as you
you're so cheesy marki I love you for it
huh me and Marcus went home to chill and
eat pizza off Hospital I rang Zoe to
tell her the news as always literally
become this girl's best friend like from
nothing she was excited about baby
shopping already
I heard Marcus talking his bedroom thank
you for coming to this you know of a
group fun talking buy a watch marks as
he logged out closing his computer sound
then spinning around on his chair we
childish Marcus childish stuck my tongue
out and he stuck his out mocking me
that's why you love me
also people are asking why hug being
away of my vlogs recently where's your
vlogging camera why you'll see I turned
on his camera and turned it so the lens
was directly on me oh oh I turned the
camera to record Marcus he looked at me
for a minute before saying to the camera
that's fuck just because the spin around
my chair going whee
doesn't mean I'm cold ish are you sure
you want to be in it yes I love you
enough to part with the hate for a
relationship but what if they do see my
baby bump though they look down at my
slightly bumped belly it wasn't a huge
bump I could hide it for only a bit
longer well they'll just have to get so
go
a tweet a quick morning message my
viewers then I slowly got out of bed and
put a pillow where Leila's head is what
she's hurt the suffocating her I go down
sir to see if anyone else was away
morning mom
morning morning sue I turned around to
see Leila a little get her hello she
walks over to my cat Bailey and picks
her up and morning to you Bailey my
legendary cat Bailey that was a boy not
a girl my favorite cat is not alive
anymore I Drive to Zoe now his apartment
I really want to ask Alfie's his wife we
do our normal hellos hello watch out
guys that's what we do and greet each
other what did you want to ask me that
night I put my head in my hands
uh-oh chapter 20 will you dot dot dot
question mark
he's gonna ask her for a freeway I'm in
my room getting ready for the date
walked invite me on tonight
Zoe sing I'm literally to hang out all
the time so he's staying on my bed
reading a magazine because I need help
with my outfit what about this I twirl
around and show you the dress off there
you go new hot mama we had the door
knocks who's Zoe runs together remember
like so much enthusiasm I hear talking
and footsteps as I make my way down the
stairs tonight is the night I'm going to
pop the question I stand and wait for a
while and I see the most beautiful girl
I've ever laid my eyes on walking down
stairs she looks just gorgeous
well Wow I breathe out
though the blushes at my reaction
causing me to smile once we're both
ready I drive to the restaurant Wow
Marcus you didn't have to do this it's
beautiful we both ordered steak and sit
there talking for ages
afterwards we decide to go for a walk
along Brighton Pier Lela there's
something I need to tell you I love you
so so much and when I found out you had
a boyfriend and you stormed out that
door I thought I'd lost you forever
and I never want to take that risk again
so will you Lela Middleton Rose my heart
starts pounding
as Marcus gets on one knee and reaches
for something in his pocket he pulls out
a blue box and opens it saying the words
marry me I'm speechless
tears of joy started falling yes Marcus
oh my god yes it takes my left hand and
slips on the ring he puts his face to
mine swat4 head to touching a lovely -
Floyd Butler
lean into him and kiss him passionately
oh it's not too romantic is it when I
point out you the boyfriend and walked
out that door I didn't want to lose you
so will you marry me there's a tip any
boys out there say that to your missus
it's gorgeous you're one very lucky lady
Missy
Zoe exclaims she admires my engagement
ring I couldn't be more happy and guess
whose birthday is in a few days
haha my 20th birthday and look at me
baby shopping for this little guy and
having the most perfect boyfriend
proposed to me I'm in bed tucked up to
Marcus I haven't seen him much since the
proposal last weekend he's been busy
preparing for summer in the city I'm
just drifting off but my stomach got
really heavy Marcus look he's kicking
Mike's hasn't really seen the baby kick
because he's been busy and the baby's
only just started to move about lazy
baby hi little guy marks puts his warm
hands where the baby was kicking which
calms him down instantly
but the Forbes I have the boss who likes
his daddy I'll miss you see you Monday I
have a birthday surprise for you I miss
you too I can't wait now go shake that
booty for your viewers chuckles aw watch
Marcus shake his bum as he walked to the
taxi I decide I just spend the weekend
with my mum because I haven't spent
proper time with her lately
done leaving that there next chapter is
chapter 22 birthday surprises well this
is always the most requested video by
the way guys you absolutely love this
fan fiction stuff if you are still
enjoying it make sure to smash that
thumbs up button I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I'll see you tomorrow with no
on alright bye
