hello what's going on people today I'm
doing a video I did actually while ago
Justin Bieber cool is that guess the
song from divas something I guess Justin
Bieber videos based off of something now
we do know one direction because why not
let's see I'm not gonna lie I'm probably
not going to be as I'll probably know
some of the older stuff because I used
to listen to a lot of One Direction like
literally a lot of the time I used to be
a little bit obsessed with them darling
I'm intrigued to see how I did can you
guess the One Direction song from a sync
from a single lyric however as it was a
single lyric oh that's gonna be really
hard I really hard I know how it goes
from ramen right I'm gonna be so bad
this I'm really unless you're like a
super super fan I know how it goes from
wrong and right you and I is UN I kiss
you that's old
I'm gonna go you and I Oh boom literally
absolute legend house correct
Harry's happy with me ballin I know the
music art the windows down I want to say
that's what makes you beautiful music
cut don't wind up down ah I honestly
don't know story oh man there I clearly
wouldn't make One Direction what makes
you beautiful music got the windows down
big why were young no Liv why were young
Oh see I knew that because I knew that
is that the video where they come out
the tenth the beginning it is isn't it
oh so I used to love this song
thank you I'm waiting on you I'm waiting
on you come on
get out let's go crazy crazy crazy till
we see the Sun it's a night let's get
song and said her name was Georgia Rose
ah oh my god this is Eva best song ever
would drag me down drag me down
I think it's drag me down oh no says it
is best song ever all that I am quite
good you guys have to melt quite like I
kind of knew that oh yeah of course it's
like we're flipping leaves the art okay
you can't go to bed without a cup of tea
one way or another I'm gonna find you
I'm gonna get you get back on imagine it
being in that you can't go to bed
without a cup of tea little things I see
we kiss your little things
our little things yes yes yes yes I'm on
fire yeah that's weird the next line
said the fire that's really weird I find
stuff like that really really weird the
fire beneath my feet is burning bright
still my girl it's not strong when I
start the fire beneath my feet no it's
story of my life yeah see I'm more of
direction and followers I got fire they
like the word fire I got fire for a
heart there's not it's not perfect I
don't thing no control okay that was
yeah didn't matter to tell me that I'm
wrong but I do what I please
this is where it's gonna sting hard one
thing oh my god I love that song I'm
going midnight memories yes legend
having no regrets is all that she really
wants it's gotta be you
when I like to sink I'm like eyebrows do
this funny thing they go yeah it's gotta
be you it's gotta be you one thing I
don't want them Oh didn't know that
you're my kryptonite oh I know that I'm
gonna steal my girl would say go get
that wrong
now one thing cool you'll find out
online right you did better than 22% who
took this test you're slightly obsessed
with one direction I'll take that I'm
pretty happy of that are you guys happy
that you guys proud of me
I know compared to you guys I know the
cons can get I was shouting at the
screen Bharara sorry I said I'm happy
with my results on that so yeah hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow bye
