yoyoyo how's it going people today I am
going to let you know how intelligent I
am basically we are taking part in an IQ
test I don't think I've ever done one
before maybe when I was really young but
not recently and it's probably gonna
bring up some quite embarrassing
information about me so here we go let's
see what my IQ is I don't know there's
IQ like mean anything these days that
probably shows like you jump right there
doesn't it so agenda mail into your
birthdate December which one of the five
is least like the other four this is why
I hate with all these quick
al basically just trick questions aren't
they it depends how you like I'm looking
into this too much snake because the
others have four legs and snake doesn't
have legs or dog because dog is a pet
and the others are more wild animals
only have snake which number should come
next in the sequence 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 who
are these like square associate 8 13 21
26 31 because that goes to 2 so then 2
plus 1 is 3 3 plus 2 is 5 5 plus 3 is 8
8 plus 5 is 13 13 plus 8 oh yeah 21
there we go
which one of the five choices makes the
best comparison what the peach is
2hc AEP as 46 to 50 one is to assess
respect that says 1 5 2 6 4 1 5 2 6 4
right because that's peach and then it's
just the other way around so then it's
yeah I think that's right Mary who's 16
years old is 4 times as old as her
brother how old will Mary be when she is
twice as old as her brother right so her
brother is 4
how old will Mary be when she is twice
as old as her brother so if she's she's
12 years older than him she's 20 he'll
be 8 so that's not half when she is 24
he'll be tough but which largest shape
would be made if the two sections fitted
fitted together the green and
all right so yeah it's like
color-coordinating right so that's gonna
sit inside so you got green purple
purple the green pepper purple no well
that doesn't make sense that oh I hope
pink its bottom right it's if that spun
upside down then you'd have green green
purple purple I'm confused to
this I don't get this green purple
purple white which one of the numbers
does not belong to the following series
2 3 6 7 8 14 15 32 3 6 what are these
numbers though like are they oh I like
prime numbers like honey remember
whining that's okay ma'am or prime
numbers yeah well tonight fries it's 7 a
prime number
yeah 15 no Oh doing man
I don't know we literally don't know
gonna guess 8 which on which one of the
five choices makes the best comparison
finger is to hand as leaf is to twig not
bark not tree twig goes on to no
does a leaf come out of a twig or would
you say blossom I'm gonna say now I'm
gonna say twig if you rearrange the
letters CIF a IPC you would have the
name of a Ocean Pacific paci Pacific
small choose the number that is one
quarter of a half of a fifth of 200 cool
figure of 200 what's that 1/4 ha do you
have to do it the other way round so do
you do a quarter of a hundred of 200 but
50 then half that 25 than 150 25 is 5
that's what my logical head is saying
what you do you can't get 1/5 of 200 can
you another 5 10 Jon needs 13 pots of
what this is probably so boring you guys
are like I have to do is everyday my
math stats some needs 13 bottles of
water from the store John can only carry
three at a time what's the minimum
number of troops
John needs to make to the store take a
trip to the gym so you can get a bit
stronger four and a half you can't make
a half trip to the store can you cuz 4
times 3 is 12 or and a half
well I mean yeah you can get to the
store but you can't take it back
so I'm gonna go five well guys this has
probably gone on for a little bit too
long so I'm gonna leave this and I'm
halfway through basically I will see you
over the next few days for part two of
this very exciting IQ test to see how
intelligent telogen I am cool
