hats again phasma name purely pastor I
don't know why it's in my head either
but just felt like doing that today I
always like laugh and I saw these videos
because while I don't know what to
expect and to if I should probably even
really be doing them basically we're
doing saying today called how
dirty-minded
are you really which is obviously
pointed at me but I want to include you
guys in this as well so it's not just
about me and being dead minded it just
as much as you are as well select the
images that seem dirty to you so what
we're gonna move oh okay right I get it
oh my god now I know that it's really
really made me feel a bit funny
that's a kid's hand their parents thumb
looks a little bit like something else
I'm not saying what just looks a bit
different I'm size that I mean that
seems dirty to me second one I'm not
entirely sure what's going on there it
looks like someone's hand is right up
her female area I can't see what I know
that's that's not dirty but guys started
yeah what is that is that oh I get it
okay so the thing behind him is the girl
who's probably drinking a drink but you
can't see it and he's sat in front of it
the fourth one what's going on here
these ladies
that doesn't seem dated to me unless I'm
missing something pop why does it ever
there's like three bum hos around this
baby's face I can't figure this thing
out
oh my god what the hell is it dad it's a
bald man kissing him oh my god let's be
like an alien nice try
oh god that's weird what the hell that
is amazing guys literally amazing that
looks dirty what is she holding that
like a part in it I mean doesn't know
that that - what's going on there
what's that on the left I mean is that
just meant to be someone's like ha ha ha
I think it's a glass no it's a lamp it's
a lamp I thought it was an animation of
a girl's like legs and then that's like
a bikini that seems dirty next one
someone's just standing there naked or
are they actually in a dress oh I'm so
bad at these were like many optical
illusions as well is she naked
no she's not her arm oh is that her
whole arm down yeah it looks a bit like
her Fanny and boob what the hell that
seems day as though this is hot off that
looks like dick just hanging out always
it's not as someone's first versions
foot line and that's like one
what's that many because that is just a
furry penis right there is it gonna be
like a dog's tail or something but don't
I can't figure out that furry one guys
that's not that funny I look at that
straightaway and I'm like that's a chair
but like it kind of looks like someone's
legs and bum why that's on fingering
someone's bump that's right
I lose there's quite funny to be fair
okay just saw that I'm looking at this
picture of this woman like what's going
on here look down where her that's
that's her hand no that's uh that's
definitely hard
Oh with that of course it is cuz none of
these are actually but since birth dude
okay that I mean it's a very
strange-looking penis the obvious in
this pitch the baby's hat or kid's hand
is like round the back side of their dad
or book man Fanning it is the girl's
face the three other girls in the
picture how they're like so something's
obviously going on that bitch that we
don't see at what oh this guy looks like
he's God spunk on and that girl looks
she sat on over there just on a bike who
takes these pictures and what oh okay so
that thing's day that's my I just
suddenly saw one next step which is
obviously looks like there's a girl
there's a hole cut out in this woman's
dress and it's a bum but it's not it's
one of those like neck cushions if you
take on holiday with you
that looks like a load of Fanny's I
don't know what it is though that look a
bit low defense oh they're on their
flowers what the flap oh my god they're
flowers what I honestly couldn't see
that okay that's not definitely would
have said that's dirty one next to it
why is that
like what I'm not sure what's going on
there
to just look like three girls in a
picture yeah I'm not sure on that what
is that just a woman topless not sure
okay what is that what is that that is
someone's fanny
it's obviously not because that there's
nothing in here that is these large for
what what logs for well are they the top
one is that a baby oh that's nice that's
some two plums you plumbing it no it's
not it no it's not of what the hell's
that then as a pig in that a pig yeah
pit I want in the middle oh oh my god
what oh my god guys that is done this is
done me over I can't still so spun out
of these bottom for the pig looks dirty
I that woman
they took is it a tomato looks dirty I
cannot figure this one out of that woman
it's probably saying completely
different and that woman there is that a
baby like I don't know what is going on
there hey show me show me my results you
got your mind is moderately dirty you
can enjoy jet dirty joke here and there
but also know when things have gone too
far I have no idea what that video just
was by the way guys I being dresses know
what you guys thought and if you saw
things differently to me like those last
four haven't lit you didn't have a clue
on but yeah I hope you enjoyed to give
the video a thumbs up if you did I don't
know see you tomorrow moving on video
all right bye
