hello beautiful sexy people hello hello
hello welcome to the video if you are
new and first time watching a video on
this channel welcome my name is Marcus I
post videos every single day subscribe
by clicking the button just right there
and then you can look at my face talking
to your face every day yeah anyway into
the video today's video is something
that a lot of people done in Legion do
but we got a bit of a twist I tweeted
out something along the lines of I want
to answer questions that have never been
asked before and things you really want
to know about the thing is I'm not
asking myself this question night I sat
here he found the questions I haven't
even seen any of them he said hey he's
going to ask me the question page to
face it's going to be deed he's going to
end me this could be big you raise your
career to the end everything your
standard know so I'm also thinking of
doing this in a way that we're going to
see if it's going to be completely
unedited so there's gonna be no cut if
there's a question I don't want or maybe
I'll believe sale something but I'll say
I don't answer that but it's going to be
raw so you guys can see true what real
youtubers like I'm a real person
especially have you ever had a
near-death experience
no I don't think so
I mean I might avoid finding to fit
longer think these things so it's a
battler ok I will go to give up on it
you know if you wrote another book what
would it be about or based on good
question I have had many conversations
about a book to many different
conversations and the reason I haven't
done one is because I haven't found
something that I feel that set on
because I'm like I don't want to do my
life part two because I feel I have
covered everything and I haven't lived
that much longer from then to here so
I'm not sure maybe something funny are
you being true to yourself or conforming
to the each you format do you ever find
yourself becoming say
for the camera there's a long question
do I can you restate if I start to get
it are you being true to yourself or
conforming to the YouTube format do you
ever find yourself becoming fake
conforming to the YouTube format I'd say
is YouTube changes and like what's
popular changes all the time and what
what's trendy changes and I feel like on
this channel we adapt content to
maintain that because otherwise if you
don't adapt and grow you're just going
to fade out and your content will become
boring and repetitive so I feel like on
this channel yeah we do know I've lost
it what's the other half of the question
another half of us do you ever find
yourself becoming fake so the camera not
faith but I would definitely say
youtubers are more enhanced on camera
because it's like this is me especially
on this channel it's me but it's like
you you're more enthusiastic like when
on a set talking to you or talk to
anyone else oh yes I am kind of talking
like this now but I feel like on camera
sometimes you're a little bit more
enthusiastic you to be yeah who's your
favorite youtuber friend favorite
youtuber friend okay is that a favorite
YouTube or favorite person's friend
putting as a for him as a friend or who
my closest with as a youtuber I'd
probably say Alfie just because it like
we've gone through so much together and
we know like yeah healthy what's the one
thing that scares you most in life I've
got a few things that scare me most in
life can we not have looking at your
phone please you know serious in time
and put on airplane so better is I got a
few things that I'm scared of one is
getting all like losing someone very
close to you from an incurable disease
to not being able to have kids and three
I thought this the other day but I've
now lost it don't know what there is
what would be beef piece here season
what
you
what car do you drive I don't drive a
car sold my car more cuts small question
the cyclist is not registered
do you want to join the side then now
that there's a safe I would like to join
the side men for those views and subs
but the beef surrounding it is now going
to receive I mean I always thought the
idea of being part of a team
not like teams now but like Batmen it's
beneficial is men we try we kind of did
it with the YouTube boyband it's like
everyone collaborate together everyone
pushing each other and your own
something together so it's like
beneficial that way but happy as I had
gay hookup to gay hookup
no but I've shared a bed a few times of
Tyler Oakley in a completely non gateway
but he told me this thing so first time
it's LA so he was saying that he and his
like friends who gay have a thing it was
called like straight to bed Thursdays
and they I don't know if he still does
nice a long time it they had it is like
you you try as a gay person get a
straight person into your bed on a
Thursday like because it this is from
Tyler's isn't me on his hands but Tyler
was saying if a gay person can hook up
with a straight person that's like whoa
who's like exciting maybe I don't know
so and then I ended up training both
with Tyler
after we film the fan fiction video
what's the meaning behind your tattoos
what's the meaning behind the tattoos
everyone loves to ask these questions so
meaning behind this which is fade is you
can't I mean on those much
tattoo is it's a combined time shut up
is mean sexy got this on together it's
kinder and Saturn into like one well
like Bab Bab over this insert you've
seen it it's just cool I really wanted
like an astronaut exploring like a
different planet and searching for
something yeah who is your favorite
sister I have a favorite sister love
both of them very bright man did you
feel like a long-distance relationship
makes it more special / amazing than if
you saw each other every day yeah 100%
thing of a long-distance relationship is
it's like it has its ups and downs of
course but because you spend a lot of
time apart it makes you appreciate that
what you have a lot more when you see
each other it's kind of like when you're
in not not in a long-distance race ship
when one of you goes away like one you
guys on holiday or like one is on a work
trip when you're away you miss that
person so like when you tend to LA with
me it's like you're away for a week it's
like you miss that person when you go
back at the heart but then you have that
every week it's like intensifies it when
you see each other but it's oh shit is
like shit the relationship
what for a ship is like oh yeah what
does a lot of essence is you sent to who
and what does say something they will
look so it's not something we'll step
you text me loads now but I haven't
exercised either and count the last
person I text max max screen showed my
tweet saying about this video want to
ask questions and he just goes long
going for honesty their question mark
and I just went low who knows Matt is
asking me what does that mean
I know how much my name's been very hard
question to answer
what says they must earn it if too much
of it
Park you Calloway how many more years
you plan on doing YouTube quitting
tomorrow and there's no like and there's
no end goal with it I do have goals and
things I want to achieve outside of
YouTube now I'm writing a lot I'm making
things away from YouTube but YouTube is
also like my baby you guys like I care
about care about you you know I wouldn't
be able to do all that stuff about the
channel's name do you think that Stephie
is your one only forever
do i that someone else's wedding very
cute yeah oh I think she's the one and
only forever yeah for sure
that faithful if you say I'm not adding
a next round of stigma in front of
Gambardella
what is the one insecurity that you're
dealing with or have dealt with even
security is such a big thing is don't
have to really talk about before I feel
like I've talked to you about before I
don't really know if it's an intuitive I
I really hate social situation like yeah
bit social anxiety going to places on my
own if it's nothing to do about YouTube
or like having followers whatever but
I've always had it when I was at college
when I'm in sound like I can't really go
somewhere if I'm on my own I get very
nervous or it's like very hard for me
today I have to psych myself up a lot to
do it if I'm with someone doesn't make a
difference at all as confident as
whatever but sooner my own I get really
anxious tell me why if you could change
one thing about your past what would it
be
cheese deep one thing about my part
I know there's nothing really in my life
I regret there's nothing I've because I
feel like a lot of people always want to
know would you regret but I kind of feel
that such cliched but you learn from
your mistakes not I've made many
mistakes I'm rejecting there's anything
I change because then that might affect
Who I am today and exactly I'm happy
with who I am today
do you ever feel pressure about how long
your career last yeah massively that's
always been to be honest I kind of have
been doing YouTube for like eight years
now and I feel like I'm lucky that I've
been able to do separate businesses
around there around YouTube and kind of
involve myself in other things but the
same time it's like YouTube still going
really well and oh the whole time has
happened I've always been like when's
this going to stop you know another
years gone by surely it's not going to
get any bigger surely I'm not going to
do any more cool things and then like
necessary so yeah but like no but
largely was mental walking talking
varnum's so how what's going to top that
what do you guys do last question what
you guys do when I had an erection in
public I feel like that such a young
thing like you to get a boner when
you're young I don't really get out
sometimes
in like really weird places like on a
plane or like journey traveling
traveling is a weird one but I'm just
your satyr you have to do them but if
you do if you when you're young there is
just you know everyone this flick in the
waistline it's awful
what's better than is true or you have
like if you're holding a jump or
something you could just hold it over it
hold your rap stack in front
yes I get answers but a lot of times oh
I like that
so unedited as well but I really I don't
know if that was interesting to you guys
if we should do a part two feel like
that's a real raw and real way to like
get to know someone I feel like you
probably do know me but rather than
doing like asked Maskull to me
completely editing it that is complete
raw so yeah I hope you enjoyed it if you
did please give the video a thumbs up if
you want to do it again let us know
maybe leave your questions in the
comment below and I would see you
tomorrow with my video wait
