hello beautiful people and hopefully the
sound is okay now we have been a little
bit unsure what's going on here like
this microphone is brave I could show
Cher's microphone this microphone is
broken it just sits like on top of my
camera doesn't even like screw on so
it's probably something to do with that
stay yes the other day I took part in a
very interesting video called the vagina
quiz which was how much do you know
scientifically about vaginas um a lot of
you found it very awkward but also fun
at the same time being all right you
know bit science in what you should be
known at school now I'm coming back with
how much do you know about dicks so this
is for all you males out there and also
you females it's for both of you why not
how much do you know about X it's quite
funny there's a picture of a live banana
the word penis comes from the Latin word
meaning organ tail meat bone my
scientific mind wants to say organ funny
mine wants to say meat or boat unknown
bone wrong tail apparently so penis
means tail how big is the average erect
penis four point seven five inches four
point nine inches five point one four
inches five point one seven inches not a
clue to be honest five point one for
wrong five point one seven the
difference between 5.1 for five point
one seven we're talking literally like a
speck of dust here like this much this
is oh all good saying these words an
average flaccid penis three point one
three point six one inches when it's
bloppy no just saying some of you may
not know this this is insightful to all
of you people at home and awkward how
can men make their penis is bigger ah
by watching interesting
hey Pete what how can they make the
penis is bigger I mean I guess they're
talking scientifically like can you
actually like stretch it because penile
extender pino losing losing weight well
how it literally can make your dick
pills they can I have never dabbled into
this so that's not why I'm going for
this
I'm but penile extender that's a thing
like in films they were talked about
that oh no parent doesn't work because
they can't well at least I know a lot
about dicks because so far I've got zero
correct you can't really make your penis
bigger not even with a penile extender
which just stretches the flaccid length
which of these is not a type of erection
what I don't know what any of this means
psychogenic stimu genic reflex a genic
nocturnal is nocturnal like when you
wake up and you know which of these is
not a type of erection I reflected genic
no cool stimu genic psychogenic erection
as a result of audio visual stimuli a
fancy reflex to jannecke erection is
produced by tactile stimuli to the
genital organs no turn erection occurs
mostly during rapid eye movement sleep
BAM I did know that there you go knew
something dude boners actually have a
bone in it now I want to say no because
but then I think I've heard of people
who have like snapped their dick song as
a yes no great know
so know that I'm human penis does not
actually have a bone but it's rather
made up of three expandable blood
reservoirs that fill up when a man gets
an erection true or false
a penis can break true foes cool I don't
have a dick since there is no bone in
the penis is only possible to from aa
fracture or can all sex increase a penis
size
absolutely now are we talking like
actually how what do we mean like yes if
you're starting from nothing to
something or are we talking actual
physical length
what are we I'm going now yes Wow
I have got my first one correct really I
was waiting for these to come on
true or false false king can be used for
skin grafts in some cases I don't even
know if I want to know what that means I
want it to be false so I'm gonna say
false
oh so you could meet someone that has
foreskin on their eyelid what shape the
penises take during missionary vaginal
sex s shape s shape boomerang C shape or
straight line straight line a what a
boomerang so like a semicircle and Lisa
all learning new things here today right
true or false
smoking causes stronger erections folks
a more percentage of men aged 15 plus a
circumsized worldwide 15% 25% baby
percent 63% I kind of want to say 63%
just because it's like the only really
random one on line 63 no 30% which foods
and increases vino blood flow cucumber
doughnut strawberries steak
this can't be a thing surely imagine
that a cucumber oh oh sorry can't move
there's a smell of a cucumber flow
Donuts yeah how did experiments in
Chicago how'd you do that you just get
get a load of men to sit in a room hi
men does this smell turn you on how
large is the world's biggest penis
twelve point seven inches 13.5 inches 14
won't do it it's fifty point four inches
only 13 and a half all right that was
right it's pretty small really if you
offer me jonah falcon congratulations
buddy
he plans to eventually donate his penis
to the icelandic illogical museum good
on you mate well done you go for Alf 13
right you did
he who did better than 11% of those who
took this quiz you know just enough to
carry on a casual convo about the latest
hot pino gossip but there's a lot left
to learn on the bright side you just
picked up on a whole new batch of facts
that you could recite back to all your
friends and family family oh hi guys
what did you learn this week oh did you
know that donuts increase blood flow to
the penis well I hope you guys liked
this video if you did give it a thumbs
up oh I know it's probably a little bit
weird but hey that's what this channel
is about right randomness weirdest
weirdness fun and learning because
learning is an important part of life
just before I go I should point out that
there is currently a massive 50% sale
off on my merchandise website anything
I've ever told you guys about it since
doing this again but yeah 50% of
literally every single item so if you're
interested I'll put a link down there go
check it out and see if you fancy
anything other than that I will see you
tomorrow with another video bye
