welcome to the jungle we ever games so
I've been listening to Lobeck Guns
N'Roses this morning before filming
hello how are you doing today it is
approaching Valentine's Day so we've got
a little challenge here now a while ago
I did sing on here called guess the
youtuber tweet where I got given a bunch
of different YouTube's tweets I to guess
who they were and I think I did pretty
well on them we're going part two around
Valentine's Day so a lot of youtubers
have been tweeting around Valentine's
Day I haven't seen any of these and I
have to guess which youtubers tweeted
that tweet so here we go I love you guys
so much happy Valentine oh wait how far
back we're going or just all round this
forever forever forever and ever
I'll stay in your heart and now we'll
love you I could sing it but I hit a
note I wouldn't go on x-factor I love
you guys so much Happy Valentines buying
is alpha is Alfie Alfie Alfie from
EastEnders yeah it is out of it how did
you know that Alfie now we'd screenshot
each other before we tweet we text each
other around tweet and say shall we do
that's really cool
we don't actually yeah but no video of
that just know his vocabulary when it
comes to tweets roses are red violets
are blue Valentine's Day is coming so
just saying this is from somebody who
only uses lowercase on Twitter now this
is quite a big thing I'm someone who
only uses bouquets Danis not on fire
someone who uses though case Tyler
Oakley I'm pretty sure and Connor Franta
they're two people why not is it one of
those people is it cool like you
thinking it's showing yes what we have
to do it mass crusher and show you mass
yeah that was good all points for max
yeah if you're showing your mo show and
showing my strong point
yeah but is a Troy snowboarding jenna
Marbles no Michelle fat bethany mota No
my sins ah why did I think around the
sea they came up to me while I was
sitting alone eating fatty foods and
asked me to take this photo
fuck Valentine's Day Shane Dawson
involved with Tyler Oakley know what who
else would tweet that that is definitely
definitely in America no they're not
English no the cat stuff yeah cat's paw
definitely did not pay that photo and he
definitely just got that up Google
Images you really think asthma took that
picture 100% did not date that picture I
know you guess what cats for you're good
at twitter buddy well done remember you
can't spell Valentine's Day without text
me Wow Shane Dawson no I don't going to
be what someone like eyes met oh that
was quite a good guess the deeper
Valentine's Day more like specialty
speciality hard boiled egg then
regretted day hashtag love this is
really hard chained off the beauty part
no Louise no it's so hard to think of
someone's personality in literally like
ten words yeah no Jack genom home corner
that's some good bye
oh no no no that I don't know grace
Helbig oh fuck say yes of course now you
said that yeah that's great I think I
don't think I'm doing too well I know
about 50 cent so far dude any type of
shit earlier not happy fucking
Valentine's Day does that mean because I
used to do that face at the end where
it's like that's obviously before emoji
so this is a while ago so that used to
do that as you're like bitch face like
pissed off face so Joe so yeah that was
that was sick no you Joe giving out free
Valentine's love until my phone runs out
of battery quickest at 4% girl or boy Oh
honestly than I thought I'd learned that
English not as n amazingphil yeah I was
gonna say that first man then I was that
one oh she's gonna be such a wild guess
if you're lonely on Valentine's Day just
know I would totes make out with you too
bad I'm not a slut though happy birthday
PewDiePie yeah yeah are you yeah yes
that's quite funny well there we go that
is a guessing youtuber tweets
Valentine's Day special edition hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
your video big thumbs up and I'll see
you tomorrow in another video all right
love you guys
buh buh buh buh bye
