yo yo yo yo yo yo what is up people
Oh yo I have a little treat ah
and it's this box that I got the other
day I think it was a subscription box
and it's treats from around the world so
basically every month I think I'm going
to be receiving like a few snacks from
somewhere around the world I have no
idea what I haven't even opened this yet
but I think it's like a different
country around the world and yeah I get
something from that every month so here
we go let's hear we got greetings this
one is true this month's treats come
from the Philippines a country that
contains very rich and unique range of
snacks in your box you'll find a
well-balanced mixture of some of the
best snacks the Philippines has to offer
I'm excited from the sweet and tangy
taste of dried mango I'm excited this
because a lot of you people who watch
this are actually from the Philippines
Kuran Philippines there you go you've
been there do you live there flat your
house that does look like heaven to be
fair I would I would go there tomorrow
if I could
so I have got four things in here first
thing and it's golden sweet corn
literally a pack of sweet corn sweet
corn a puffy corn flavored balls that
tastes just like sweet corn on the cob
sweet corn is one of those popular
snacks in the Philippines and if you
like corn you'll probably love this
snack oh I mean it smells like sweet
corn like this is this actually from the
Philippines do you guys actually have
this out there that is a sweet corn ball
they're gonna be nice yeah literally
tastes like sweet home there's a little
bit sweeter that tastes like sweet on
there really really good not really good
that's really good like very very tasty
oh my god these literally sound
incredible next up we are going for
something that sounds incredible
Philippine brand at the top these are
dried mango pineapple ball
expert quality where's my little menu
gold mango and pineapple balls are made
from a mixture of pineapple and mango
really the combination of the slightly
spice spicy pineapple and thus we're
swap okay
slice the pineapple not entirely sure
about that putt philippine brand mango
pineapple I'm very intrigued this way
looks like buy-in it Pat little packet
oh that is not why I thought it would
look like what the hell is a little turd
to prepare
really really good tastes like mango a
homo attaching a pineapple
nor is that pineapple spicy that was
pretty good
happy of them I mean this doesn't this
seems I'm a little bit disappointing
this one if I'm being completely honest
buy the same brand Philippine brand it's
just dried mangoes so dried mangoes can
get dried mangoes anywhere literally
could walk down the road and get dried
mangoes so not as impressed with those I
love mango Bolle like it's literally my
favorite foods I love mango mango my
more I love the mango and the mango
loves me my other thing actually worked
ah stressing out now tango mango mango
so you need is a pair of scissors right
into my Philippine brand dried mango Oh
Oh dried mango if you haven't had it I
don't get the difference sometimes you
get dropped like this dried mangoes like
soft and squidgy right and then some
dried mango gets really really hard and
like you can't really buy into it it's
really good very very good well done
Philippine brand good good job alright
moving on to my final thing boy by Wang
Corning boy boy wine connect that's what
these are bigger tastier crunchy garlic
flavored boy bang are immensely savory
corn nuts seasoned with garlic salt and
chili pepper but Wang means garlic in
Tagalog filipino language and this snack
is appropriately named garlic boy for
distinctive garlic flavor I'm heading
off to a bunch of meetings off this
that's very nice smell my breath
wow that's like hit my eyes don't want
to put them in my mouth they look kind
of like little cashews but also little
corn balls I'm pretty sure they're just
dry pieces of garlic that's what I think
they've done oh yeah these are nuts
they're actually just dried garlic
tastes nothing like it oh no what the
hell
tastes nothing like it's not it tastes
really good there's a little bit of
garlic off the Cape but not really much
they're actually really good well there
we go that is my Filipino trying
experience done on quite a site because
this means like every month I'll get a
different place to try out so hopefully
it'll be somewhere one of you guys
little maybe more than one of you guys
live hope you'll be somewhere where you
guys are from if you like from where are
you from basically that someone hasn't
done a video of foods from where you are
because that might be interesting to
come up I can't choose what happens so
it depends what I get but I hope you
will set enjoy it anyway give the video
a thumbs up did I'll see you tomorrow
bye
