hello ladies gentlemen boys and girls
welcome back to another reading of dirty
youtuber fanfiction with Marcus Butler
I'm still talking my next product a
really groovy man voice basically last
episode Marcus and Leila appeared to
she's pregnant basically and she also
broke up with Harry don't know what's
gonna happen next
we're about to find out let's begin
love me looking at the hem from the
moment we spent together root Starbucks
I fell in love with you oh my god MA
Wow really Marcus Rudy for impaired that
quickly he wiped away my tears with his
thumbs
oh I'm confused at what I'm feeling a
lot has happened
Marcus pregnancy Harry I don't know what
to feel right now there's definitely
something there for Marcus well kind of
having a baby so how far gone are you
that the Chanel speak to us - is it like
a proper family planning this for a
hitch it's two weeks I look down at my
stomach
I guess it's best to get the most out of
this before my belly turns into a
balloon Oh God oh my god Oh little fetus
Maki but but so he chuckled to herself
Roy should we tell your mom than mine my
mom was in a foul mood with me but after
explaining I needed her Marcus said he
was sitting with me the whole way
through she calmed down but marked his
parents weren't too happy but they all
need to come standard that I was colored
up to Marcus with my head on his lap as
he played with my hair Marcus yes
promise you won't need me later you're
perfect with a baby in you or not you
will never be boring because we will
make fun nights in together I love you
and our little feet Oh see this is
actual real
I wake up to the smell of pancakes
filling my nose and making me hungry I
go to get out but something heavy is
weighing me down I look a Marcus's
snoring with his head on my stomach a
ruffle is hair and tried to wake him up
gently wake up Marcus Marcus Marcus he
looks so cute what come on I want my
food and you're crushing me I head
downstairs to hit arguing no slowly at
the milk because your record it'll be
fine
oh my god Alfie don't know why Zoe's see
give it to me I'll do it you've only
just moved in together and you're
already arguing like chuckle yeah well
someone here can't make pancakes so
sarcastic comments as she grabbed some
pancake make some wipes on Alfie's those
or You cheeky salt morning gorgeous
flinches something hold my waist morning
Tom Fletcher you look so cute with your
trademark wit you'll say my quiff isn't
cute miss burrows you know I mean Marcus
I wink back let's go to the beach all
four of us so beans as she walks
downstairs from her shower dies Louise
is coming to we arrive at the beach it's
busy Joey spots Louise so he head over
to Darcy Darcy comes running to her
fears he spins her around how cute you
must be Lela Louise comes up and hugged
me me Louise until you're all talking in
a group I get to know Louise and she is
lovely boo
a jump out of my skin a turn around see
Marcus yeah that's two times today
you've managed to scare the living shit
out of me Marcus Oh were you hormonal no
yes we are Marcus starts tickling me my
weak point
Marcus Marcus please stop but he picks
me up instead Marcus what you do put me
down he runs over to the sea and throws
me in guys he jumps in and swims to me
how far did I throw her his face was so
close to one our lips nearly touching
his hot breath tickles as he gets closer
while I swimming like we move in sync as
he but old now dancing cry swimming as
we he bites my lip for entrance but
it was pictured me like in the seeing
going give me entrance I tease him for a
bit and I didn't give him access oh I
love you too i mutter into the kids oh
it's really creepy oh oh here we go a
few marks went home to edit videos boss
Louise so in Darcy I went shopping with
myself
we're in Starbucks when two girls
obviously viewers come up to us they
like Starbucks don't they oh my god just
breathe live in trance I better we dug
your videos y'all that goes it marks his
books recently who the fuck are you it
must be fangirls of marks and of course
I'm that girl oh hi my name is Ayla ooh
looky Mark's doesn't deserve you I look
down at my feet I best go see you later
yeah I hear Zoe and Louise catching up
with me I was trying to walk faster but
it was no use could have run later wait
they probably didn't mean it stop please
Leila don't be silly they only said it
because their typical fan goes anyone
who touches marks is dead to them and we
all get Hey
Marx's POV bye I just finished a blood
put up for tomorrow really hope my
viewers don't get bored of my vlogs
we're back how was shopping I kiss her
forehead and she doesn't blush but back
at they did see her expression on her
face what did I do
what's wrong your viewers they don't
like me they don't like me Marcus I know
you probably wouldn't like in a
relationship and that they would react
like they do to Southie with hate it's
okay whatever they said ignore them and
I take it they told you that you don't
deserve me right go experience but don't
care what they say I love you and that's
all that matters but go back to my
MacBook to upload I decide answer a few
comments on my vlogs I see a lot of
comments about Laila wow she's pretty
you're so lucky you both are you two
need to last together oMG I smile at the
last one
I think guys we are we're gonna leave it
there but next time we come back chapter
18 the scan Oh
oh yeah so I hope you guys join this
series I think it's like your favorite
stuff I've ever done on this channel so
yeah I'm gonna obviously continue this
and hopefully read more things in this
kind of style because it's really funny
and I like it so yeah if you didn't
enjoy it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up I don't see you people
tomorrow with another video
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh bye
