hello patch notes not we're all gay how
you doing hey guys today we're doing
another tasting video and it's chocolate
but a lot of a buck is chocolate from
around the world it's called well
explore range 5 spent in chocolate bars
for five taste adventures yes I'm sound
good some of them not so good let's take
one out of time the bar from Japan's
this is literally from Japan white
chocolate with wasabi peanut Orbis rbp
crunch odd to be fair looks really earth
that's what it looks like actually
wasabi pea punch I'm not sure with saw
being white chocolates going to go oh
wow the white chocolate is amazing the
wasabi pea no next chocolate the bar
from the USA this is milk chocolate with
peanut butter and jelly yes peanut
butter jelly that's such a big thing in
America it's like the weirdest
combination to think if I was to go down
sit like peanut butter jelly sandwiches
like don't know I just I'm not sure
about that this one doesn't look fancier
anything which is a normal chocolate bar
it's quite peanut buttery colored I'm
not for about on okay Han has any jelly
it has amazing little peanut butter like
peanut butter and chocolate that that's
really really good
Oh what what England really the bar from
England I'm not sure about this at all
curry and chips like what kind of car
are we talking about an English classic
with mild Madras curry spices and
crunchy salted crisps
although that does not look appealing at
all England we put a worse stuff I'm
scared this or what made me a bit sicky
crisp on it as well curry and chip who
I've never heard of anyone eating a
Madras curry with chips as in crisps oh
yeah let me just slip my walkers in Mon
Madras curry
virtual crush not bad at all
that is disgusting but horrible
that was off that was not good next up
though we have got the bar from Italy
Italy I should do with the accent from
where the chocolate is from this one is
from Italy 70% dark chocolate with
coffee and a Moretti those qivana sama
fora
I like to try the chocolate area coffee
and a Moretti first of fruity coffee
rolled with crunchy amaretti biscuits
70% zatarc a chocolate with God be an
allergy doctor Chocula all right here we
go go then oh that's good
I've had you really yeah that's my
favorite one problem I favor one because
I love dark chocolate I love coffee but
I'm not usually one who like likes
coffee flavored things that much but
that is really really good like really
good oh yeah Jabar from Germany 70% dark
chocolate deep and complex cherry flavor
finished with decadent white chocolate
shavings of gerbil baa Black Forest
gateau the French toast french would be
70% dark chocolate with black voice
Gator so that the German sounds right
yeah easy say German ja z bar from Italy
that's good wunderbar that's really good
the Black Forest gateau Oscar is an
accent challenge can you read it again
read this one oh thanks I feel like oh
yeah read it now yeah it's a bar from
Jeb now
what 70% no really lost it
oh you brewing that oh wow
the black for seven hits you straight
away Wow guys I made eyes oh no that I
made oh that's my favorite one
yeah Germany you do go good chocolate
Germany well done this is the bar from
Japan white chocolate with wasabi pea
crunch often the u.s. I milk chocolate
with peanut butter and jelly oh my god
you know because you're mixing like a
Louisville southern with like random
parts from all over the North Pole milk
chocolate with peanut butter and jelly
creamy and crunchy peanut butter chopped
off loaded with real strawberry all we
can dare do down south
milk chocolate with peanut butter and
jelly creamy and crunchy peanut butter
chocolate folded with real strawberries
it's the strawberries let me down
strawberry covers many - sure stretch
Tommy so then he's Tommy paddy the
French on ggressive hey there we go
those were the five chocolates from
around the world and very good England
was the worst for me Germany was the
best it goes Germany
good job goes Germany Japan Italy USA
England so well done England another
thing we're really good at Congrats I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did give it a big thumbs up and I will
see you beautiful people tomorrow is
another video all right love you guys
bye
