hello how you doing I've got a cough
that's that's great today I'm doing
something it's a little bit weird don't
know if this is going to be r-rated or
it's just going to be funny but it's
basically a quiz and it's called how
much do you actually know about vaginas
so it's going to test my vagina
knowledge but also might teach me
something hopefully because I hope it's
a little bit sciency and not anything
else a bit too weird so here we go
how much do I actually know about the
vajayjay what is not part of the vagina
the vagina opening the clitoris the
labia majora the cervix oh shit I'm
going with the lab iam majora that's the
owner I don't know I know the other
things I've heard of them oh cool least
I got that right
the cervix apparently this is like
Sciences web science with markers
so let's sex education isn't a vulva is
the exterior part of the female female
female genitalia is basically everything
you can see the cervix is on the inside
whereas the vagina opening the lobby and
majora and the clitoris are all visible
from the outside
what's the lobby Oh majora this is I
feel a bit funny during this video how
deep is the average vagina on aroused
really um I didn't even know it changed
length or deepness this is so good
oh gotta go one to two inches three to
four inches five six inches six plus
inches might three to four inches oh
yeah pull truffles you can tell if
someone is a virgin by checking for the
hymen I don't know the only reference I
have two hymen I feel so weird in saying
these words is in Superbad when
he's talking about Emma Stone Aneesa
yeah false yeah cornea this is the
weirdest video I've ever done
what percentage of American women have
used a vibrator in the past month hang
on let me just call up all my American
Girl friends that I know um hi
twenty percent there correct so one in
five apparently which group reports the
most orgasms straight women lesbian
women bisexual women they all have the
same number of orgasms how am I gonna
know like I'm gonna go a bisexual are
wrong cool lesbian women apparently
actually though that would make sense
wouldn't it because they know yeah
because of work as girls know what girls
like so you can deal stuff better what's
the most effective form of birth control
condoms NuvaRing i-i-i odes its IUDs and
implants the shot condoms no implants
yes yes I knew that
how long do you need to wait to have sex
after giving birth literally having a
clue I haven't had a baby so I don't
know 2 weeks 6 weeks 10 weeks 12 weeks
you know 6 weeks 6 you have to wait 6
weeks probably gonna be a little bit
sore after popping a baby out of that
family friendly I mean a lot so it's
just sexual education isn't it yeah like
this is this is important this is what
they don't teach you at school boys and
girls what if you gave birth via
c-section what the bloody hell is
c-section two weeks 6 weeks 10 weeks
12:02 weeks of 6 weeks as well I was a
c-section if that's what that means no
what do we call it we call the mum
cesarean cesarean I was a cesarean baby
do you know why because I was too fat to
know much I weighed nine pounds 14 is
that a lot dollars the heaviest baby in
the hospital what is the clitoris shaped
like a button a unicorn a wishbone a
boomerang it's not shaped like a button
a wishbone
yes where does pee come out of there
you're the ureter the vagina the hoo-hah
was a bloody house the hoo-hah the
fallopian tube no the fallopian tube is
where you tubes where you're let legs
come out the vagina is where other
things happen the urethra is definitely
yeah told you legend is douching a good
idea I don't even know why that's funny
like sure why not it's a bad I thought
that was cleaning Oh vaginas are
self-cleaning and they definitely don't
need to be pH balanced by douching in
fact it can be incredibly bad from
Journal health learning new things every
day on wall markers weirdest video I've
ever done hope you guys enjoyed it give
the video a big thumbs up if you did
sorry if it was like a bit too intense
let me know don't give the video dislike
or unsubscribe just let me know all
right cool I will see you beautiful view
tomorrow moving on video bye
