hello beautiful people how you doing
today I'm bringing back one of my
favorite videos I've done two before
which is where I share like five of my
favorite songs at this current moment in
time with you and tell you a little bit
about them and then tell you that you
can follow my Spotify playlists and
stuff like that where you'll find them
but yeah other than that let's get let's
get started
first song we're starting off with is by
flume some of you may know floom floom
is one my favorite like DJs artists made
some really cool stuff like a couple
years ago and then went quiet for a bit
boss is working on new stuff and have
come back with like banging new tunes
and this is one it could never be like
you
it's amazing I can't hear that now you
ready
yeah if you've never heard fluent before
he does that kind of like war but like a
bit higher that's his kind of sound and
a lot of his songs feature and it's
really really cool there's also some
really cool building work going on so
and so as if that's slow making noises
okay this is a really cool song it's
caught this by a someone called kilter
it's just really like proper chill good
vibes maybe a bit summery
did I say it's cool one two these are
all coming from my new chill playlist
which is where most of the stuff comes
from which you can kind of stick on it
like any time of the day in the morning
if you're driving getting ready like
they're all just really really cool
songs and this is by Alene Oh
Elleni I'm not really sure how you
pronounce it and it's called between us
it's like this
wait for it to light
it sounds like every now and it's like
like well moving on to something a
little bit more upbeat it's a little bit
more healthy it's still much butterfly
though it's called if only and it's a
remix by Patrick Reiser
honored that I mean this is the remix
but the song is by Patrick Reiser see
right and my final song moving over to
my soundcloud now is it's called I need
to know this is again more like future
House age
the piano gets a little bit higher in a
minute another really cool bit so there
you go that was I need to know buy-in
Peto
on my SoundCloud Spotify all the other
songs on my chill playlist plus I have
those more players so if you want to
check them out links be down there but
yeah I hope you guys like these videos
if you want me to carry on doing them
like once a month or whenever I'm
finding new music let me know but um the
video big thumbs up and yeah I will see
you beautiful people tomorrow ye
