hey how's it going guys this is just a
really quick intro to a vlog basically I
got invited to go and see Dynamo
Brighton the other day at my mate Sam
and it was like amazing incredible show
like unbelievable like you're sat there
pretty much speechless too all the time
but was really cool because afterwards I
got to go backstage hang out there and
meet him and do some filming with him
which is what you guys are about to see
in the vlog so I'm here now with
dynamite this man himself
all right I'm good how are you good man
just seen his show incredible literally
incredible mind blown and now he's gonna
blow my mind even more I think yeah it's
a let's try this
so obviously you slide until someone my
card skills yeah let's see let's see
something else give it a shuffle easy
given a good mix up yeah Wow
oh yeah that's as good as my shuffling
yet I'll give them a little follow man
just just take one up pull out what take
it out don't let me see it remember it
sure it's everyone at home and then you
got it yeah yep I've seen it right no
say over and over in your mind jackass
peers double spaced I'm sure is
downstairs right what I'll do I'll take
it
I'll put it about halfway down put your
hands together like this go over there
just like up look at me
right there Pat cooks in your hand if
your job is yeah Oh
what is going on with that Pat let's
we'll try it like a like this if I do it
on the floor - like this folks on the
junker spirit
would you do that
I can definitely not do that it's hard
to run for one second let's go HSI
unbelievable given another shuffle the
whole day yeah yeah I'm just gonna find
a pen real quick
I've got so they're pretty well shuffled
for that yep yeah I'm definitely happy
that chef that's listen that's not bad
how am I going to be fair take out any
card this time I want you to signing in
on it on yeah yep sign on it like that
the camera can see
just pop it back in the middle right
there okay yeah okay good
give them a shuffle but we're giving a
dynamo shuffle as well like this new
right now it's not on the top is it no
just stop your fingers perfect so all
right now we'll do it again look I'll
put it in the middle about half way
though it's not on the top is it it's
hump your fingers again maybe this time
doing further lift apart two cards
lift up what's up half the cards yet
cover the card yourself square it in you
can see look it's not on the top sample
fingers turn it over what my mind isn't
ready for this play ha ha ha
Oh cold coke but my blogger is very
quiet by now I didn't say like I'm just
a bit like out out of this mode my name
okay look
check this out we'll try this sober your
queen of diamonds yeah holding on that
like this so I put the queen of diamonds
right there put it on top perfect I'll
take this card but 10 of clubs so the 10
of clubs here your sign card the queen
of diamonds inside your home good yep
watch 1 2 3 oh I've got the King and I
know what kind of you up other one alone
yeah oh like my hand didn't even move
like there was nothing there's nothing
in there
respect
I donated a I let you down okay shit can
you do it can you pop that into your
pocket like that this one here yeah
right there yeah good and then make sure
you can see it's in there and make em
join em soon yeah yep it is I'm gonna do
I'm gonna take it from your pocket in
slow motion
yeah you might feel I love you I feel
anything
I obviously didn't feel a thing right
now
yeah um you know I'll be honest type the
best pickpockets yeah they don't just
you know reach in take your wallet the
real trick is actually taking the wallet
taking out the money and then putting
the wallet back in your pocket right you
realizing so I'll do this one this time
a little bit faster watch I'll get rid
of the wallet just leaving me with the
cash now if I just got the cashier
where's the wallet no by much is whether
they're yahwism my words we'll try this
you hit up click yeah it wasn't very
nice yeah watch this nah I hope you know
that's not a thing that's fun I mean my
hands on the ball
look that's a ticket and go oh well you
did stop that's no good for you no I
will try something with you to it ok cuz
long as you don't like yeah my mr. pop
up 2 packs of cards don't blue all that
please my arsenal room y'all do like in
bed so I'm oh I'll show you the bloomers
first see got a little cars here yep
yeah hold it wasn't happy with up yeah
you guys happy with this one I'll do is
off spurred on like so can you hold your
hand moving back and forth over these
cards by let's hear ya how do you feel
the ER let's just put your finger on the
buckle just one of them
this one right here one I'm not going to
look and I don't let us look can you
quickly peek at the card don't thought
that the camera anyone seen on over now
see you I just want you to see right now
have you seen it yes I'm like oh yeah
I'll take the red card yeah you see
these are all different
yep provisions up I wait to look him in
the eyes hold I closed up but when you
feel a connection there's much when if
you looking action but put your finger
the back of one of these red cards yeah
definitely go that camera first item
older one June it's getting closely it's
nice well thank you yeah I've got a
couple of tickets here for you to give
away to him your your YouTube funds you
yeah to it until I talk to you how you
give them away okay we'll do a
competition on Twitter or something yeah
yeah dynamo has kindly given two tickets
to the show me to give away which I'm
going to do for you guys I'll figure out
how to do that in the next clip the best
way to enter but I'm officially gonna
have to do stick weights you guys but
I'm doing shores in after here in
Bournemouth in Cardiff in Liverpool
Newcastle Sheffield and Island so
obviously you get to come to one of our
shores we'll figure out the competition
and I'll see you there that was honestly
madness like so so chilled how he just
does that when you're just let those
features budgie things huh what the
whole thing Nietzsche I'm so confused I
just want to understand how it does we
were sat there in the show the whole
time like how do you how do you I must
have done this that we honestly haven't
got a clue
so yeah it's also very really good fun
also there's a section where I mentioned
about giving two tickets away you
here the dates that he mentioned in the
video that's where he's going so if
you're from those areas I don't know
what the tickets are for yet I've been
told that information but if you are
from those areas or you will be willing
to travel to those areas and all you
have to do is retweet this tweet that
will be in the top line of description
and that will basically put you into the
chance to win the tickets and then I'll
go for and choose someone from there so
yeah there's two tickets but yeah I hope
you guys enjoy the video it will make
sense and yeah give it a thumbs up and
I'll see you tomorrow in our video all
right
