how is it going everybody that's all
made any more noise or a little bit of a
runny nose but that doesn't matter it's
not gonna stop me filming don't you
worry I haven't opened this I bought
this the other day oven fresh pizza yeah
looks like a pizza it's in a square box
look at that isn't that a nice margarita
it's a pewter but it's made of
marshmallow so this is it jamming
openness on on examines looking like
this yep oh cool
just tissue paper what it's impassive
this looks fake this doesn't look real
that look that looks like a pizza right
get out to like sticky on the outside
it's like oh yeah but that looks like a
pizza what the hell a bit like it's big
not really digging that smell for me and
completely honest Pizza marshmallow hmm
don't really know what else to do this
summer then now try it I mean I'm I'm
obviously gonna try it because I
wouldn't just be like oh yeah better
take a big old bite from my pizza I just
believed you know when you not squirt
wolfrider mouth yeah that is my friend I
can confirm that is mark man oh yeah
that is miss marshmallow well done now
huh
I already know what I was gonna do I
think the high remember how much this
cost me I mean this was like 10 pounds
as well 10 pounds for a little bit more
I know that I mean I am quite in trees
how the hell do you make that how do you
stick like because when you stretch I'm
not really sure on the stickiness on the
outside doesn't doesn't really do it me
I mean baby ah yes mom I like pizza
would you guys like if I broke this up
and gave a bit to all of you may be
weird wouldn't it well that's my
marshmallow tasting Peter experience
complete really glad I've taken part in
that hopefully you guys enjoyed this
video of me trying on marshmallow pizza
ooh give the video a thumbs up if you
did and I will see you beautiful people
tomorrow bye
