hello beautiful safety people yes let's
address this not my face this my hair I
look super weird with short hair but
I've got rid of the blonde for now
against your request I did a poll on
Twitter and like 70 tempers keep it
blonde and then I'm just like no me
again brown but Vilnius I'm actually
really loving the short hair
alright anyway welcome to today's video
is very special exciting drama fuelled
one because fucking everyone's involved
in drama these days our name context in
case you are not aware of the current
situation the UK scene has a witness
what's happened in America with the
pools with all the rice gums and the
drama all that kind of stuff and they've
kind of just take upon themselves to
create drama out of nothing for views
and subs in a short sentence I mean
that's not my Esprit obvious as what's
going on so I thought today we would
have a little look at what's going on
you know we've got ksi the biggest one
of biggest UK youtubers maybe the
biggest UK youtuber and then you've got
the side man is like they they were like
thing and they were like yeah powerful
together and with a side man yeah and
then rumors had in ksi has left the side
men moved la sharing a bed with rice gum
and now is massive war between the two
ksi left the scene few months ago to
just focus on music to find himself to
stop YouTube basically so everyone
thought anyway he comes back with this
video
I'm leaving the side man dramatic music
sim bold the title of the video you get
a real kind of emotional feeling towards
this video not only easier it's not an
easy video to make
I am no longer really dragging those
webs out
oh stop - oh my god all the time and
fanboys worldwide are losing their shit
I am no longer I was to watch it's like
no way this is mental and then the video
is on I was just like you know what I'm
not buying this behind me I will be he's
like leaving too many obvious pauses you
know going solo
I guess why I'm leaving segments no to
be honest I was like believing it
this whole whole part until this many
because the reason as soon as Eddie fan
I was like alright again where we go
with this ksi what you doing JJ and then
brother X the video there's more beef
and eggs and bacey the end of the video
is this so I was doing a music video
because his last music video was so it
was incredible how it was shot it was
incredible and realness I'm not sure
where exactly do I mean the video or not
that could be a legit music videos doing
that it's not a dish yeah yeah yeah yeah
everyone's ela joke so it's very
obviously he doesn't hate and he loves
it he loves ISA so I came out I was like
eh not sure where to go next day mr.
Eaton mohnish is quickly you know in
response to that video magic up this rap
song and I music video bazinga drama
swings change the title of this video
with drama in the title of it or is that
the name of the song in brackets ksi and
rice gum ditch track we're back at it
fish tracks are a thin that's the only
way people get in views these days
roasting people disses drama 5 million
views this is on this is where it will
get started
and Simon actually you have my channel
on you told it you cannot see it what
stopped you the older as five other guys
include awake you know things I made in
the proto three there
I don't even actually sounds that bad a
trap then consider he's never right
before I mean it wasn't made in a day
obviously this is amazing day it's not
this not like it is all arranged it's
also of course is but is it entertaining
would you then how come when everything
goes wrong in your liking picking on me
they also throwing some like serious
digs at each other I never thought I'd
see the day when of the bigger channels
would play the way if I fade away I
don't you play the way so you can come
on example to the fact and it's only do
cleans faded away I care ties and fade
it away like if you look at his views he
is smashing it if I made a person would
never made a deal like eleven C makes
you do this change he's not he's not
irrelevant it just terrifies very
relevant I feel especially now I mean
everyone who's jumping on this is
relevant right now she enters a diss
track I felt like that was like not bad
ice it was a good quality songs about
that but I mean against school fake so
you know sort of that I was like oh yeah
like ok so I still don't is real but I
was going to happen in case I was going
to drop his and just like kill everyone
then Harry roads ashore same night or
the next night drops his district all I
know Harry definitely could have been
made in a day because it's awful Harry
six on a hot many of you
quite funny - are you ready to witness
the next resource here why did we have
to wait not three days you wanna coffee
but you didn't bulb into the third male
with it I mean there's nothing saying is
quite funny like I did laugh and he's
like male breasts and stuff like that I
mean equality is oh my you see other
jack shit about you on also be Darius
how's that how you made that in his
bedroom at home which is young fair hot
female views and three weeks which means
40 million people didn't click it
because they already knew that a waters
gonna be shit I raise you those days it
makes crash but the box you just kill
for babies and I see there are some very
deep things in there okay if I will
never be soft so when you find oh well
yeah so that's a very video because I
actually think it's the stuffy saying
it's funny I think it's funny and
anything but as long as a lot worse so
your people taking shop here at JJ
hooked up because they are coming to him
guy that you know he's a he's a YouTube
icon
he started the side man he created this
thing and everyone's just come and then
I bet he's been crying but if you even
goes from the uploading for a month yet
to replacing ksi in the five man house
three million two days ago okay sighs
district five million one day go slide
man react to road to short ksi District
three a half million ten hours ago
reacting to my case like this truck
comment oh he's really dragging that one
out isn't it but fair player meets
smashing it is smashing it I mean Harry
always smashes it there's no difference
there in his views you know you even got
the other the other members that aren't
really the size men but they're like
with the side then you know I mean
you're Cal for easy who we did a video
of on
the other day he is now part of the side
Minister that his video is actually the
finance one obscene algorithm he joined
the side men replaced case I've two
million views and he goes out is a funny
video goes round and he's like yeah yeah
I'm doing the Seidman house and you know
having one of you he's a little bit
bigger than me but obviously it was the
Seidman we all like to share collab so
we'd be doing a couple vids together and
then you got calyx why I hate case I am
rice gum he's in the middle ksi rice gum
I'm like fuck Alex's guy I could drop
some major fire on them and then he goes
into the street and ask people their
opinion on ksi and rice come nice plan
words they calendar there is a lot of
drama going on and I am trying my very
best to get involved in any way that I
possibly can I'm going to be
interviewing people today about what
they truly think about care size and
rice gum in any way that I possibly can
in any way that I possibly can in any
way that I possibly can I mean you've
also got Deji which is comedyshortsgamer
care sighs brother jumping in on this I
don't know where he is with all this but
he's like yeah I'm going to dis track on
the side man Bennie's like shut the
zinger and shut up bro too short but
he's not with care so maybe he just
really wants to be a bribe from a case I
still following footsteps of his brother
there let's just have a little look at
everyone's socialblade who's being
involved in this just to just you know
see what's going on here bazinga
everything has gone from you know
plugging along get 12 picks up the mum 3
4 million views a month last few days
yesterday 31k subs in the day day before
25k sub day before that 14k subs then we
go from game between 180 to 300a he's
happy one now is affected ksi himself
because he started daily uploading and
this is what I mean case I was like yeah
doing what it's like I'm learning I'm
adapting but he just come back to daily
uploading and was that whole thing just
a complete stunt or did he miss YouTube
now he's up tonight I'm teaming well I
mean today already is 11 o'clock at the
time filming this
you're 12 K subs today yesterday 51 k
day for 27
Dave 420k April 30 game UK size always
be huge of course he has you know he
before that he was getting like four or
five six seven eight a day which clearly
had an impact wrote sure what do we
think what do you think I wrote sure
Sammy emerged short huge channel smashes
it all the time three four five case of
the day last few days twenty K thirty
k6k today you can clearly see what drama
does surrounding these channels you
everyone saw it with Jay Paul Logan Paul
those lives absolutely smashed it and
they were incredibly smart what they're
doing with their this tracks on each
other in their making songs together of
course it was all planned and now the
slide man and Co of taking this and use
this as an example and now doing their
own spin on it do I think it's smart of
course I do is it annoying a little bit
but it's kind of entertainment and as
long as people realize it's like a joke
and stuff I think it's fine but a lot of
their audience are really young and
going through the comments is just like
there's some really young people that
like I hate gays like as he's now left
and blah blah blah and there's a lot of
like hairslide fanboys sticking up for
him and you know it's kind of cute but
like yeah all I'm saying is need to find
someone to stop drama with basically so
who wants to join my team who should I
start a team with whose team can I join
that's the way YouTube's going teams and
disses on each other so watch out
everyone but there we go those are my
thoughts and opinions on it I would love
to know your guys yeah give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it subscribe if
you are new make videos every day on
this channel and I will see you guys
tomorrow another one all right goodbye
