hello hi how are you doing today well
actually no Channel I said this the
other day
and I waited like for you guys don't my
say that I like I'm doing right I went
into the client and someone was like
Marcus said how you doing good but I was
doing really bad and that like 15 thumbs
up if your day's going bad
try not think about it and let's see if
you have a better day off watching this
video
yeah anyway we're taking part in gets
the YouTube challenge part 2 because we
did number one and you guys loved it so
now what is number two I hope you guys
are nothing ready like they're ready I'm
ready study cook mm-hmm
is a collection of beautifully
illustrated inspirational sayings by
which you should live your life if you
follow each and every one your life will
become easier more fabulous more
rewarding imagine what I chilled out a
wonderful human being
people would think you were if you live
by the simple principle never good this
book loves you blood like anyone who
feels as though they just don't fit in
hmm
dreams of a place of safety when times
are tough all she wants is a chance to
escape from reality goal or - incorrect
despite his failing health
Evie's father powerful sake yeah
you're right
username Evie Jonah song you're anything
yeah
warmed up baby twenty-three-year-old has
captured the hearts of millions of teens
and young adults for his playful sweet
and inspirational Gucci presence not to
mention sparkling eyes
yes mm-hmm was it always a comfortable
in the skin and in this candid memoir he
thoughtfully looks back on his journey
from paying to pride self-doubt to
self-acceptance is it Joey Graceffa
what's this good pixelated life my life
in a pixelated world it's the shortest
reign and then D and the two dots like
hold on hold on so there's something :
two dots and then afraid yeah there's
four words for my journey yet my journey
after a pixelated world through a is
right my journey to explain well yeah
but you're missing the first bits that I
love Marcus my journey through a
pixelated like I Oh in real life legend
got that so easily
mm-hmm it's one of the biggest and
baddest YouTube doesn't apply Mark's
Butler
remember billion views and millions of
subscribers to his name he is the
undisputed king of social media but
despite this success okay I thought is
it all right
yes quite a statement isn't it King
covering something King all right King
cares I can you say yeah I think it
represents you I know it is you need to
say though I am a bellend
correct bi m√°t fine in this intimate
memoir of life beyond the camera he
shares the lessons he has learned on his
journey
small-town boy I'm on franceour
what's occurred but no triangle that's
not was no I'm just describing it
my journey no my life that's really not
excite it when you say I'll be like oh
yeah well I can't do that
face it being a young adult in the
digital era is one of the hardest things
to be well maybe there are things in
life but being an adult is difficult so
mmm it's written a garlic perfect for
anyone grace house that grace is going
and he has a secret under the alias mmm
penny blocks of the hidden feelings
about friendship boys high school drama
a crazy family and the panic attacks
never gonna take care of her life but
things go from bad to worse I found it
whisks her back to New York where she
used to know
a gorgeous guitar strumming American Oh
son girl online
zoella well oh oh geez oh come you guys
excited we didn't say but I said a
second though mm sorry okay I started
making YouTube videos in 2009 that's my
passion for everything beauty and
fashion related what began is a fun
hobby quickly - I'm pretty beginners on
I would know I do know the glam dog in
his first book in aka mmm reviewers had
to shift your body fat by eating more
and exercising less it's a youtuber yeah
a recipe book yeah it's it out now yeah
you sure do I know that's better yeah
it's not leaning 15
a youtuber even oh wow Wow piece of I
joke that's means man Joe Kopp Joe Witt
go we look at you see no so Joe again
making it up it's Jerry wicks Joe I was
so close
right well there we go guys I I think a
high name of that again I'm pretty good
at this I hope you guys did enjoy that
not sure if we can do a part three
because I don't know how many more
youtubers books there are so yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed you yeah thumbs up if
you did and I see you tomorrow in our
beer all right bye
