hello hi everyone how are you today good
and today could be a little bit strange
I ordered this stuff the other day
online and it's called crazy Aaron's
Thinking Putty this thing here don't
really know what it does but on the
pictures online it looks really cool
great way to sell something hey made in
the USA look what you can do with a huge
handful of Thinking Putty so yeah I
think it like the picture I remember
seen was there like floats and I was
like that's pretty cool so yeah honestly
don't all this gonna be like that looks
disgusting can you guys see that can you
perform snakes on so you do got actual
tricks with it it comes magnet oh that's
a magnet okay okay okay so I think this
is like some gel stuff but it responds
to this this is a magnet in your box you
will receive one magnet one all what
this stuff is below what is it cracking
oh that is cool hang on hang on hang up
there's like scared minute cracks yeah
it's like so stretchy oh that's right
what's the magnet for Oh what hey that's
kind of cool but also looks like it's
dripping like on to me hang on it
is fell to the floor did you know that
what I've done is made it into a
cylinder stock that there is that moving
and then it's meant to look that's
moving isn't it does that move it that's
moving that's okay what if it's gonna
fall how do you not know it's gonna fall
that what like a horse having a poo but
it's gonna get quickly and quickly and
quicker sure that it's gonna come up at
the top what the hell yes sure no trick
number one would you guys watch my
channel for my eyebrows would like this
it does move I'm not even touching it
it's falling down my face ow
oh snap crash on pot it's actually
moving on its own what the what
it's like a big nose clipper now it's
quite I mean it's a bit strange isn't it
don't really get what with what we were
meant to do this guy's flatting it
flattening it into a sheet we've got
sheet we're gonna fold it in alternating
ways folding left folding right tyranny
now if we squeeze this is gonna make
loads of crackles definitely not gonna
work okay three two one don't need to
buy fireworks by some Thinking Putty
so yeah the outcome of Thinking Putty I
think if you have a really strong magnet
something cool work with it but this
isn't that strong it's not really doing
much with it it does hold it though I
think this party becomes a magnet which
is pretty cool hope you guys like this
video if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up and I will see you
tomorrow bye
