yo yo yo yo yo yo I look like a robber
sat right here I do look a bit like a
robber don't I Robert or but Robert yeah
cuz I'm in a while robbers always in
films and stuff pictured in stripy tops
and black beanies today's video we've
got some scissors and we're gonna be
cutting my no we're not gonna be cutting
my hair I ordered some of these online
the other day not really sure what
they're gonna be they're still frozen
they've just gotten out the freezer they
are cooled I see yeah vodka is icy
alcoholic so good good turn up not
really I've got three different flavors
and I think they're just like literary
vodka ice lollies so oh you don't need
says it just says ter here I thought is
this a good is this actually a Oh for
adults only 6.4%
volt vodka logical volume alcoholic
volume in here that's that that's proper
vodka II don't really want to do that I
don't want to consume alcohol at 10
o'clock in the morning I mean it's
actually quite nice actually really nice
to be fair it was just that first hit I
think my body's like yo Marcus what are
you doing
consuming alcohol at half 10 in the
morning that was a weirdest way to
little Ollie ever I'm very sorry I
didn't even tell you what this flavors
lemon and lime my hand is so cold yeah
this is this is good I might go put
these back in the freezer after and
having more pre-drinks well no lemon and
lime good flavour that one I approve I
don't know if I just get dropped
that's not my intention to get drunk by
the way I just thought it would be I saw
the motel that be now be fun Walmart
video
what were your here we have got black
car
that does not taste like vodka so it
takes a lot like blackcurrant and not
actually as an aftertaste these are good
these are actually really good I've
never really heard it I know people have
made like vodka jelly and stuff before
maybe you guys maybe some of you guys
maybe your parents maybe I don't know
you've you've seen these before I've
literally never seen them before
I'm gonna be going to a meeting in a
minute be funny if I rock up like yeah
had a couple of but grace Louisa would
you know about that pen a pen the bomb
so Apple upon in French course Apple no
poke lies
a higher program like doing the shop
that's very book great because it all
like came Joe it might have happened
it might I don't know if this is this
could happen I feel like it's when you
mix what could drink so in the freezer
all vodka might have just sat down one
bottom so when I open it I've just had
the whole book around so if that's good
that doesn't taste really dry Apple it
just tastes like pure vodka grabbed on
three vodka shots at 10 a.m.
oh yeah I'm sorry I'm not fair that one
not found what got my favorite black
currant if we're gonna go if we're gonna
pick favor it's definitely back on but
they're cool I wouldn't advise drinking
under the age of 18 unless you can in
your country around the world
Oh obviously a night before from America
don't know why I'm telling you these
rules but don't copy me and eat our eat
lollies ya think I'm drunk I'm not they
have said the whole thing is six point
four percent so having all of that would
be like having a beer right the whole
thing would be like consuming one beer
and I had a tiny little tiny edge was
sucked from the top suck wise suck like
you can't say suck about it being a
funny word like suck you see sucks it's
fine
yeah sucks but notice suck do you want
to suck does a car a candy like do you
want to suck
um of the lobby yeah yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video give a thumbs up
if you did and I will see you beautiful
people with tomorrow with another video
bye bye
