hello and welcome to a lesson with
Professor party today
ladies gentlemen boys and children we
are taking part in an experiment known
as 3 3 5 4 2 6 7 8 9 and that is
fainting dinosaurs happen now if you
remember we had dinosaurs a few years
ago but there is this incredible
experiment where we can make them become
a reality again this is exciting so
basically these were found back in
Nairobi thousands of years ago
these are the fossils and we are placing
them into a liquid combination and it
brings those fossils back to reality we
have many different types of dinosaur
here we have you have a Stegosaurus
tournament twice the rope ladder a
Taurus then a power sort of elusive spin
asaurus you don't sound you do their
loss Raptor
dog goes dead it's a real dancer trance
Oris the important thing is the magic
liquid how do you make for liquid oh
that's special secret services missions
I may be fond share that information
then everybody did a combination I've
heard if you dream this it can kill you
I'll show what species we have in my
heart there we're going to pop it into
the magic combination
our babies are going to sit here and the
next few hours we will see magic come to
life and we are graced with real
dinosaurs yet again on planet Earth just
UNC welcome back we have left our
suspects for a few hours now and now
let's take a look at subject but six
seven eight nine seven eight one two
three four five get this all right we'll
stop cherry babies he said they're gonna
be dinosaurs
maybe you left them long enough that
doesn't look like he's ever gonna become
a dinosaur that is a dinosaur that's
know by his submitter he is in first of
all sir after that is a vegetable
vegetables those are different species
of dinosaur it scale of 1 to 10 how
happy well you know the fact that we
managed to complete this experiment with
great success I think that's a very
valid point in the future scientific
methods of dinosaurs what would you do
differently next time next time I would
still do it not probably good if you
don't want this now I've shown my skills
nothing else left to show cool Wow
well guys thank you ever so much for
joining me today on science lesson seven
eight four five one two three four seven
eight nine careful you might wake the
dinosaurs as you can see we've been left
with these unbelievable
Shh / enough of these unbelievable
creations that once walked its platypi
up here so thank you for joining us on
today's brilliant experiment we will
probably never be back again for a
science lesson move party party
professor party but till never again
make sure to always keep an eye out for
one of those dinosaurs never know where
they might
