hello ah mo Marcus arenas I'm sorry I
don't know I did that donated that I
released a music video and a song and it
went down really really really well like
incredibly well it also got to number
three in Estonia in the charts got to
number 14 in the UK iTunes chart got to
number nine in Ireland got to number 10
in Norway and a bunch of other places
like that around the world which is
absolutely mental when you consider that
the song is a parody like I'm not trying
to be a rapper but in it should be very
obvious about that nonetheless there's
still some people that thought that it
was me trying to be serious trying to
start a music career and so forth I
thought it'd be funny to go through some
of the comments because the videos got a
lot of comments some funny some
hilarious so it'd be funny to go through
and just share the movie basically so as
of right now there is ten thousand and
fifty nine comments my favorite youtuber
is becoming my fave singer oh my god I'm
so happy for you Thank You Charlotte I
can't sing but you know I'm just going
to address this right now this is by far
the best song of 2016 so far not going
to complain who disliked this video that
is so harsh in 2011 this actually could
have been in the charts
why not now white people yes we are
white people well done well done for
using your eyes why are they famous his
music video from when he got 1 million
subscribers has the same vibe as this
one so is the fame going to his head
question our joke okay Marcus I love you
but this is literal shit ngl not gonna
lie bit harsh never really liked rap
songs before but this one is really good
I love you Marcus but I had to mute this
after the first 10 seconds cheers when
is he going on tour Maki but but tour we
hold on is this supposed to be serious
can't wrap the toff toffee my mom said
she would hit me with the keyboard if I
didn't turn
down I don't believe her trash I thought
this was a joke and the Marxist tattoos
real I swear to god this is so shit I'm
sorry but Marcus has never been called
to me saddens me deeply my life go to be
cool to you biggest waste of time ever
this was the worst shit ever possible
why do you keep making these shit
fucking Rap Tracks please kill yourself
immediately
imagine mate mr. Amell car if I
literally killed myself right now
because of your comment how would that
make you feel buddy but that'd make you
feel good why do you keep making these a
glittery of the second one night - it's
not that many is it it sounds like kpop
does it song is cool if it was with a
different rapper oh yeah I tweeted this
last night because this I found this so
funny literally this these are two
comments in a row first one is so shit
next one is this is the best thing
that's ever happened to the Internet but
that just sums up the two different
types of people that you get online I
like your balls
thanks you can't rap mate I wouldn't
bother if I were you I'm not hating I'm
just giving you some advice damn it I
really wanted to be a rapper fucking
course those two smoked weed getting
hella lean getting that green it's a
reference to kale so if you actually
look closely the green in that video is
kale so yeah
kaor ganglion healthiness that was the
pun trying to be rude but it's this some
sort of parody or is this an actual song
about how he just does youtube videos
for the fame and money that is why do
youtube videos for the fame and money is
exactly why do it you should have a meet
up in Jamaica okay Marcus I love you and
everything you look like a dick in this
not being mean I'm just saying this is
brilliant thanks that was the vibe I was
going with to look like a dick what a
bellend please tell me this is a joke
because it's
shit and how it could ever be on the
radio beats me can someone play some
proper music on radio rather than this
yet I think that you are the best in the
world at what you do and you have loads
of people by your side and you know you
can tell us anything thank you very much
that's very nice for you to say that
thank you
if this song was good I would say it was
good it's not it's a bit better than
shit but worse than okay so I'd say it's
bad the video was dumb too not creative
and I especially didn't like when you
smash that cake with a lot of force on
that random girl's head at the end what
was the point of that she wasn't smiling
and it was obviously not a fun food
situation
bloody oh go of this like deep probably
should talk about the the cake to the
girl like who is well the way we mention
it is if like I just threw out her like
Oh that'd be funny it just launches
caters girl's head without telling her
um she was totally up for it
that was kind of why it was so funny now
if you watch the vlog of the behind the
scenes you see me having a conversation
with her after whole references you
can't sit with us like me and Connor are
so famous no one else can sit with us I
have a cake with my face on it and I'm
so annoyed that this random er has
decided to try and sit next to me that I
think it's funny to throw a cake at a
head that's all in the character That's
not me
Marcus Butler's actual thought process
like it's part of the character and on
that note of that lovely comment we're
gonna leave it there so yeah I am I hope
you enjoyed this video I loved reading
some of the comments on YouTube and I
thought it'd be fun yeah because
obviously my music video came out every
day so yeah if you did like it give the
video a thumbs up and I see you people
people tomorrow
