ha ha just a doll enjoy the mic off so
I'm cool how are you doing today good
now today we're going to be taking part
in a book in a video called the youtuber
book challenge this is where I am being
read the synopsis of youtubers book and
I have to guess which youtube's book is
now theoretically I should be good at
this because I'm friends with a lot of
youtubers who have books so therefore
you would like to assume that I would
perhaps maybe know a little bit about my
friends books but I guess all of that is
about to be tested so here we go the
YouTube of book challenge one point for
title one point for hurts by spite the
chima shrinking medical miracle that has
brought her a few years hazel has never
been anything but total a final chapter
inscribed upon diagnosis but when a
gorgeous plot to us named or Gustus
waters suddenly appears a cancer kid
support group john brain forward on
stars
I mean I'll let y'all from that one
brought to you by YouTube bloggers
mmm-hmm
because it having aims they have no it's
like just you blurring it yeah cool
accompanied by the free downloadable app
it's the Ultimate Edition pointlessblog
the time of the pointless book you're
like yeah there's the person well and I
knew I knew because as soon as you said
downloadable app I was like oh no that
is for the first time ever
eg personality is sharing her life
lessons and tutorials on paper from her
own illustrations and photos in it your
phone mmm instructions and all you need
to know in life from how to get a
boyfriend to performing magic tricks
this is a self-declared to the
life-saving book and if you don't like
it well as mmm would say hmm find the
same
it's something like my life is something
life or something like life is switched
like this no no no there's two cents
word be switch there's no semak's which
is it like real life wasn't that salad
hang on Oh didn't give me a second
charge just straight in there Cheers
yes oh one point that half a point for
knowing that the tie was murdered round
no yeah yeah for someone who made a
career out of oversharing on the
Internet hmm as a shocking number of
personal mishaps and shenanigans to
reveal in his first book experience a
legitimate rage blackout in a Cheesecake
Factory
he had a fashion standoff with the White
House Secret Service he crashed a card
from his entire high school in his fast
food restaurant servers uniform he
projectile vomited while bottom of a
grandmother Tyler Oakley yes boom
binge imagine you're in one of those
glorious vintage shops pay on air ham
imagine that where every surface is
laden later on laden laden with treasure
this book is like that each chapter is
one of those gem encrusted tins that you
can open peep inside and enjoy you can
either methodically wonder the entire
shop looking at each individual item in
order or you could dance around the wild
abandon opening and closing whatever you
like whenever you like
imagine if that was like my book I'm
like honestly it's so someone's book
you'd you don't have to read it
methodically it's alright from start to
finish it's really that's a really
really weird synopsis
well that's water there's only a
synopsis I guess it's more than a letter
from the author it's not it's not Joey
Graceffa no just a little English not
dan and Phil no is the book out yeah
it's not get I not PewDiePie that's not
Jose
it's a girl well thought he said I was a
boy when I was a boy I thought that's
how I'm Fred it was a boy what okay
sorry
that's why it's guessing on boys I
thought its boy and is it the weed
spring from Greg yeah see Susan ice to
go how I think it was a boy I know I
thought there was a boy I'm not sure why
live but life over spring big letter
yeah the put had more than 12 million
YouTube subscribers have been waiting
for
mmm memoir feature it features 20
original essays uncensored yes ashamed
awesome is it called up no sighs
Louis I up no no I can picture
because it's yellow and it's got like
him on the front i i hate me no it's a
hard a lot of this I hate the last word
is like I hate myself I hate myself II
oh that's close with I hate myself
that's not like no coming out is what I
missed one letter I missed two letters
yeah so I'm not good at spelling it's
not my fault
dickhead mmm irreverent YouTube channel
has long combined Larson home research
its main cool title oh hang on
is it hello life is but you're missing
one thing
exhalation bug shape maybe like hello
like in this book is a world a world
created by mmm
Jurgis fo who share their lives on the
Internet
I'm Joey Graceffa no go online we are
mmm
dan and Phil yeah that's such yeah it's
your fur coat ya know I could do this
all day
please die yeah dan and Phil and it's
this book is not on fire that's the one
school notice nearly closed the amazing
book is not on fire yes
hi everyone and welcome to this book is
really close to my heart can you ban
that right yeah love Tanya yeah there we
go that is the YouTuber book challenge I
don't know if we can do a part two
because I don't know if there's that
many youtubers that got boots let's
because it probably is we might see a
part two if you guys enjoyed this
you guys probably play along with me as
well and probably did as well as me if
not better so yeah give the video a
thumbs up if you want to see more and
I'll see you guys tomorrow fine heyy
