yo yo yo yo yo what is up with your face
says welcome to a video today where I am
letting you in a little bit on my life a
little bit more of my life so I've shown
you old Facebook photos I've shown you
baby photos what I haven't shown you is
the private photos that I have on my
laptop in my iPhoto library or photos
now is called sorry and these date back
to as far as 2004 so this is like pre
all the ones you would have seen on
Facebook so it's this is probably like
the most embarrassing stage of your life
because they're not baby ones right now
oh that's cute me cakey yeah and then
you have the ones like from Facebook are
always a bit cringe these are like I
don't know starting around eight years
old and stuff like that so here we go
this is the first ever photo I have in
my life in my library
there are look at me sat next to my
friends that was friends with from
school that's actually my first
girlfriend I and went out with fun fact
yeah look at me little cheat face that
was on a school ski trip in 2004 so how
old was I then that's 11 10 9 go 11 cool
this loads of people have seen this
photo I don't know how this is on the
Internet I must have tweeted this ages
ago one time because this is now on the
internet and loads of you have probably
seen it this is me in school come on
little cheeky face I don't know why I'm
standing by the whiteboard also who has
a head that big that is right in front
of me
absolute legend slice apiece me and my
step-brother sat there I think this is
maybe even on my birthday our birthdays
were really close together and we're
sharing a pizza over our birthday how
lovely
oh yeah happy family here this is what I
thought it's really cool to not smile in
photos like look how grumpy I am
everyone else is smiling have a good
time and I'm there like boom goes so
boring what that t-shirt oh my god
that's my favorite tea there used to be
a shop called USC I think like it was a
as a closure they did like variety of
brands I mean my dad took me there for
the first time like when I was to start
to choose my own clothes and I chose
that t-shirt I loved it literally loved
it yeah that's why my family obviously
me and my sisters and nothing like
cousins oh yeah
ballers my friend Josh that's a selfie
like how long ago was that like I was
taking selfies back then again both
obviously of what we're really really
cool because none of us wanted to smile
ah that's cute me my sisters when we're
skiing on a family ski trip I know you
guys consumers actually just above my
top lip there's a massive graze trip I
started getting like a sloth through my
face I was in beard fluff and I was like
yeah I need to start shaving so I this
actually grows the bow you know but she
has internet I use my sister's razor
because I didn't have one if you think
razor and then I cut myself because I
obviously I think I wasn't even using I
was think I was using like face at hand
soap because I didn't know what I was
doing and I only had this little bit
here and then yeah I got a massive graze
on my lip so that was my first ever
shaving experience Wow oh yeah what a
cool guy look at those little puppy eyes
thinking I'm edgy oh that's really
really embarrassing oh yeah absolute
plan look at me lying on the floor me
Josh and some girls that was friends at
school on the school field just why am I
not smiling
oh no the pose is out that pose I feel
like people might genuinely thought it
was cool to do this in pictures for a
while that's that's really about it
man that is really embarrassing oops
what am i wearing on my wrist
looks like some blingy bracelet Oh
 my day literally what my do like
literally my life right now why did I
think that was cool today
honestly honestly remember being without
that second the camera because it was
cameras then weren't like easy to use
light on your phone was how even on my
phone was that being a camera i just
member spending ages setting it up to
balance and let's find out how to do a
self timer and then eventually get round
to taking that photo ah this picture I
think this pictures in my book actually
me at school standing there don't know
what I'm doing but it was raining and I
thought I'd stand outside and do oh yeah
now we're on the classic Oh everyone
seen this picture I think I've tweeted
that before that is look at that my
Oscar poster in the background
oh we're just gonna Bob know there's
another one okay see didn't like the
first one I've got my collar up and
everything oh my god literally kill me
now that sums up oh yeah this is when I
went to Camp Nou for the first time and
I was obviously very happy to be there
look at that face just pure enjoyment
there well I have now let you in on a
little bit more of my life looking back
on is nice for me because it's really
funny to like share and reminisce on
those because I obviously haven't looked
in that library for so long so if you
guys want a part two and me to continue
this because my my photo library I
literally have like 17,000 photos so if
you want me to continue you give the
video a thumbs up let me know if you
enjoyed it and I will see you beautiful
people tomorrow with another video all
right love you guys bye
