hi morning everybody
today is day two of the rap music video
shoot and my hair is all over the place
is like curtains so just excuse me we'll
be done with that
yeah today is gonna be awesome I'm in
the car driving down I've got everything
in here all the problems each box
champers there boy I've got all the
props there on the way to location
number 2 which is I basically hide out a
mansion for this like it's literally
like a castle thing this is the thing
like with this video obviously when
people do music videos they musicians
have like labels who pay for things and
fun things I don't have a label
obviously so all of this I'm funding
myself so I've spent a lot of money on
this project like a lot it's a big
investment for me because it's saying I
wanted to do but you know it's not like
all like super moon buckle bird and
stuff like that I just wanted to make it
awesome for me and also for you guys as
well so yeah I'm gonna go because I'm
driving now so alright guys
so i'ma just come into hair and makeup
got my first outfit on for the day I am
in a pimp leopard gown thing and I'm
also in a leopard room on like the
celery's by the way I don't think I've
logged you last time she was doing hair
and makeup and stuff
but we are in an actual leopard room
propped laid out this is the room it's
mental so yeah I'm just getting ready
and then we're gonna start basically
let me know I'm at how we go man I can't
wait to give you the food for Christmas
yeah this is pollute we're on set in
this the first vacation we got some
smoke this is the leopard rump
this is swaggy of course legend that is
a birthday cake it's my messy hair I put
going on we have just finished scene two
getting through things quickly this was
seen to have a step through here I was
in bed because there's a line as soon as
I woke up I have to take selfie so that
was the line
oh and that what I've got now as well
legend my new tattoos looking fresh we
got one on the other side as well
it was really funny actually when I did
the first rap video loads of you guys
thought that I had to get this bucket
loads you thought that I had real
tattoos so just in case you they're real
you're just gonna have to excuse the
hair cuz we did a bed head look like I
just woke up but we're now onto the next
occasion which is to show that this
house it's just ridiculous basically but
this is on the balcony by the lounge
there's Bobby
alright Bobby and yeah this is basically
we're doing it seeing me walking along
so exclusive
Thanks
video not in memory
areas set up practice basically alex is
gonna be dressed as bit man
Conner's up there pouring fiji water
over my head whilst outside this is the
outside of the house just seen I'm not
the most iconic I'm vlogging normally to
you guys I look ridiculous but after my
shot looks incredible
I'm now sat by an electric heater in my
wet towel because we don't have any
spare towels at the moment so that's
good
my jeans are wet sonica it's just about
for me all right areas down there Brian
ready for some action we're doing a
dying almond in your outfit as well
corners in in your outfits are actually
oh yeah James's Nance kite was a bullet
it looks like you've got candles up your
nose right now
but that's all good yeah I mean you up
as well we've got some champagne the
extras are turning up in a minute as
well as the luxury and we are basically
being served because we're obviously so
famous that chandelier
why not sorry now jay-z was saying okay
the plats looks really good the cake
want to be thinner - Matt okay we've
just finished up a huge team of the
extras where you guys will see Paul
Bryan in debt and stress just got AB to
annihilate my cake which you guys would
have seen by now just in the video but
like fair play like serious fair play
absolutely covered in cake right solid
effort and then the result is um yeah
alright we are moving on - I love the
whole day in this room cause the gold
run in everything he's gold like real
gold plated in hello I have I've just
put my phone on charge sir sorry bro
oh it's dead okay I'll give you some
charge the shoot we've had a mich
driving to other ones and they said they
we can
people and now are with legends absolute
legend
