good morning everybody I don't have as
much challenges that seems for me time
then it is a Sunday morning today and it
is currently 9 a.m. be admin over it we
have been up sintering up since 6 of 6 6
5 eyetality wisconsin's yeah since then
because today is the day of is day 1 of
music video shoot and we had to pack the
whole band to go all our kit all the
whole Catholic care everything in the
back there's so much stuff we had to
pack all that band this morning and now
we're driving to location which is my
family friends house where where we are
that's
shoot day one and the last time I write
a video I didn't film anything because I
was just trying stressed and stuff and I
thought that when I watch it now I wish
I had filmed something to show you guys
I was like 19 so this is what you're
gonna get behind the scenes loads yeah
yeah is your birthday we don't get shit
baby no CIPA time is ship Earth Day so
we've already been house and we've done
what we've unloaded a audio for the gear
sorry I'm really am sorry about that and
now we are heading we're waiting for
Connor and the makeup woman and we are
coming to Emma next to stuff up on my
snacks and food you know we're here for
a whole day so we need a fair few bits
of food all right guys hair makeup done
outfit is done I'm just gonna our
Connors here as well I'm gonna just get
Matt to get clip of us standing next to
each other just show you how it goes it
look at this this is just one piece of
equipment here's Alex in Janesville they
still saw about y'all right guys still
sorting stuff out but this is let me
show you the length of this that is the
length off
there's one little bit of equipment
crane and we using donkeys over here
it's a little our packer no no no no no
hello mate that follow me or use off the
camera yeah that's um that's all we look
like traumatic yeah Connors gone for
your white look literally is so it is
those name of NSYNC I don't I just don't
even know what this is I look like I'm
from Sesame Street
um ring it's gonna be so sick
all right very good this is
oh my god right we're moving to the
first shoot of the day moving on to the
old chopper scene casual Oh chopper over
there no biggie just so when I was going
on rest of people and crew and everyone
and some weird machine monkey but but in
the chopper
payment of an Angela
hey clashes coming along before big eyes
bloody they're doing a good job
good credible night looks incredible Don
named Marcus how was that always roughen
Oh for me
yeah we're to go see ya yeah there is
yeah what do you have it so I'm
wondering what we can do
he seeks like be a leader
what were you don't can I see his muzzle
just a my she's seen a tank yeah
casually in the tank just entertain
rubali
tanking the tank as ice an actual tank
an actual army tank um like we're gonna
start what you're we are we are going
you text me like we gonna start walking
woman yeah
yep
a head captain
Holly said this can go up to 50 miles an
hour
oh all right so we are other thing that
was being done as is an absolute manic
days day just from all parties but we
have just going to pick up island got
Chinese food everybody and then a lot of
Chinese food on this table look how much
food is that I'm a very excited boy
