good morning people hello I'm just gonna
pave this right I am recording my new
rap song today
what Oh get out shut up and then we're
gonna go to the studio and record a song
cuz that's what you do when you're a
number one rapper yo so yeah that's
basically why I'm vlogging and what the
plan is so I thought I'd bring you guys
on because the last time I made my rap
song I filmed none of the behind the
scenes and it was such a hard lengthy
process that you guys didn't get to
experience what it's really like to try
and actually make us on so I thought I'd
bring you along and actually show you
from start to scratch basically um not
to complete start scratch because the
beat is already made I've had the beat
made and then it was remastered by the
guy whose sound engineer who you'll see
when we go to the studio
bah bah bah and it's all through like
people I know so I didn't just go to any
sound record I was like hey man my
friend Bobby I was like hey Bobby can
you um help me out with someone you
might know is the sound sound engineer
and he said yeah sure I would blah blah
blah so that's the plaque and here we
are in the music studio you have me sat
in this lovely white chair you have mr.
Conor Maynard over here vocal specialist
and we have Matt over here with the
rapping hat on who is a filthy sound
engineer dude who knows what he's doing
he's basically gonna make this happen I
guess we just have to pretend that we
know what we're doing I say we corners
massive amounts of experience then I'm
just here like hey I'm a rapper
um lay down some superhot fire yeah
we're gonna just not like to cool it
yeah just gonna go for it basically that
is the beginnings of it on the screen
there and yeah magics gonna happen well
you know it's just the clothes yeah well
I just look at it all I know is about
editing video and like you have
different layers and videos but that's
just like hundreds of lay that's
ridiculous
Hey
if it's beat you want to change face I
got 12 different pieces and I only use
them but my dogs Isley I think you
may have literally turned into a unicorn
and that take at one point that's
beautiful
spitting bear fire up in the booth right
now finishing off the last bits do
freestyle quick recording working on my
rap game sitting in the chair is a guy
called Matt name just keep writing man
don't worry about it that was that's
fine you'll get better okay so the first
of my rap session I guess it's like
that's what the world I'm gonna call it
is over it's like really intense that
you have to get inside this character
and just become an absolute dick which
is Connor was Danny's just like yeah man
just become more of a dick
so the dick so that's why was I was
aiming for dick and now Matt is just
gonna start piecing it together I'm
gonna sit Sam how bad I am
and then I think it's matched you know
yeah you didn't even see that the rut
the runner came in and I explained how
they have a bass he said Oh does jay-z
want a couple team guys in Jersey they
didn't believe me that it makes you show
them that it wasn't either a lot of
people do confuse me for you know high
end rappers just we call that same
talent fewer they rang me telling all my
money to like you know just see what
they read me killing but they rape me
calendar to see what they read me coming
on one money Jason to see what they rate
to see what they may be so my part is
completely done well I say Kapiti it's
done for moment and we may need to add
it to now and now a cm cm yes stepping
in there yeah there is more near the
morning yeah I'm gonna work on this bit
so I fear this is where the actual
talent clause yeah I'll bet money yeah
yeah
I can do that
can you sing Matt I'm coming
yeah I got a lot definitely got that I
think I taught that one actually even
not for me Oh comin to the game in an
elevator
Justin oh yeah it's almost dawn of death
details are even and Mac um you know I'm
gonna do all the guy I'm tripping up
chairs it's always darling please and
then analyse I bet that I'm saying um
blendin or decree looking at me oh yeah
nice gonna do that all in one no chance
it's always gonna fast sometimes I give
em my cell phone
blendin all agree they all Ichi like
that as well Oh which ones would you
like to start gonna be up to my window
thing is cuz now I'm saying nasty cuz
now I'm thing is oh and the mic on the
beat hittin rhythms it's the mic where
it's all been happier it's the booth
songs basically done now I'm I'm just
kind of I came to kind of do some extra
little wordy bits on top of it and throw
in some random crap basically to add
into the ridiculousness of the track cuz
now a famous cuz now a famous it's not a
bad thing cuz I use people screaming em
a name so I'm it's done I say it's done
the vocals and the rap I've done and
complete and it sounds amazing well I
think it sounds amazing already but a
load of work needs to be done to fine
tune it basically which is what Matt is
going to be left to do on the his lonely
cell so yeah it sounds incredible and
I'm so excited cuz now a famous
