hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing welcome to the channel welcome
back to daily videos and if you're new
because you know Cal getting subscribers
at the moment then welcome thank you
joining subscribe join the movement of
daily uploads on this channel with my
floppy blond hair a lot of you have
noticed by the way the blonde hair if
you look is like I'm so I think I'm
going to let it grow out for a little
bit so I'm going to chop chop my hair
off and go back to brown for a little
bit so old Marcus wives back but what is
in brown or blonde hair because I'm
going to listen to what you guys think
of me because I need clarification on my
life choices and I use you for that
anyways today's video we're going to be
looking at probably laughing at awkward
handshake I feel like handshakes are
very can be a very awkward situation
Matt had a very awkward handshake today
actually we're on a job and we sat there
everyone's meeting everyone we're eating
lunch and this guy sort of leans out as
you know going on table leans out to
give a fist bump to Matt and that goes
to shake his hand and then kind of you
know when you do the cabbage goes to
like have a chin and before he cabbage
him the guy was like oh and then Matt
went in for the fist bump again and he
was like now let's just let's just leave
it saw wasn't it it was army okay that
said let's have a look at some awkward
handshake in particular we're looking at
Donald Trump's handshakes to begin with
let's go back to CNN here we go
what is he doing what is this like
pulling people in the first two just
gone through households hands yanked
them in is that because he's put them in
like that I am stronger than you because
I am the ruler of the United States of
America
well why does he dealer why are you so
aggressive it's the most awkward thing
it's like going to pull people's armor
you know you can't gonna go like that
and they're just like what what are you
doing what are you doing that the
enemies have really macho new meaning
makes up for his interesting haircut
heroes we get hit again guys as well as
definitely thinking because this guy's
face when you're shaking his hand he's
trying to fight back to you like oh yes
yes nice on mm-hmm yeah I can alcohol
with your strength Oh in case you didn't
pop I would like because to be say it
looks like he's got very firm handshake
I don't refuse just catching people bust
prices aren't trees on time they pull me
in I'd be a bit like are you okay
I mean yeah we all looks like we got a
very big an chat there's nothing worse
than a chase on town and it's like this
plan here yeah and that it looks like I
got I've got that I'll tell you what
he's when you get when don't Trump let's
go he's not gonna do it because you
didn't film that he wants to go oh I was
still going it's a lot of pulling each
other oh he did do it that was his face
it's the whole technique he's doing this
like shaking ham is this right he's like
yes very strange there's nothing as well
turkey poisonous I'm in a bit of a run
Timmy there's nothing I find worse than
having a conversation when you're stuck
in a handshake
so you're shaking hands someone's like
talking to you while shaking in your
life yeah we sort of moving on to second
base here or are you going to let go of
my hand I mean I hate saying that when
he met Kanye West
he likes to be fair it's it looks really
really funny because it's Donald Trump
but he did nail that didn't if car name
was coming to me for a handshake I feel
like I'd nail it I feel like I'd do one
of these because a lot of people when I
meet new people I'd be there but like
friends and stuff not saying college my
mate
well I see friends always give it the
old like side on you know like that and
then come out and doubt I usually go for
I need can I have your hand from sake
was it right so I would go like this and
then I do the pull in and do the
shoulder and out like that or gears like
that the pull in out and sometimes that
all of it
that sort of trial so you're like the
Kanye I feel like I would do that
give him the pro in but he's kick I'll
be nervous is Kanye but to be fair to
him he kind of nailed that
what has he always done that
throw money there long thing we found
out in this video that Donald Trump has
a very awkward handshake Jeremy Corbyn
high-five just terribly wrong
I feel a hug here Oh Chad ah ha ha I was
playoff oh we can hear flame on I love
Jeremy he is a legend the things that I
is going to throw past life issues like
that and you see I only do that if
someone is even looking at your eyes
they can see you like hey high-five or
they're holding a high-five and you're
like oh yeah right that's quite all good
all right awkward high five and
handshakes all right we will Kobe Bryant
in house huh Oh God who saved that was
he really over of this bomb yau-man
or legend obviously very odd gets
completely blanked
huh this is just weird
why there's so many embark it wrong
thing is you've just got play of course
have I meant I'm I will just shout like
don't leave me hanging
you still leave the annulus huh I spill
over the course of this videos from very
dark outside because we've just been
graced by thunderstorm he hit him on the
head off all that poor farm splatter in
the head a lot basket wonder than that
is because so often a bottle you taking
your free throws and like every trooper
you get you get a high-five or whatever
you get a hand tap from every player and
you often the person shooting shoot and
you just hold your hand out your two
hands back like that and I hope the
other people hit them
oh that's the best when you're like you
just miss me that but yeah that is
strong strong ethic destroyable add some
light most hated ones it when it's like
a funny moment so I was like aha
yeah nice one and that zone of it I feel
very uncomfortable here because you kind
of go in like that
and I'm like are we going to do the pop
after because that's like oh a lot of
times I just like that in your life five
is my favorite number
oh I feel really bad for I secrecy Sony
went to high five a blind person I Oh
God
yeah Bosch killing the high-five quite a
little basketball in there with that
Carney it's very awkward have you got a
lot of awkward handshakes experiences
based on today
Oh at least they didn't though did you
yeah grant as well oh did you what's
wrong with you
what if you like other things how to do
it you need to lead it with a handshake
you need to lead yes sure true so always
think if you're doing this one you know
like that yeah always just grab them
like tightly and pull them in because
then it's like that's obvious what you
do true always with my name I always
leave it a no matera to a standard are
we have handshake no we do not a pat on
the back as well when I do it ah yeah
like you I never do universal do that
like cool stuff it is you yeah we're a
little handshape we do it every time
with each other we do a little she goes
no yeah it's every day for a sellout
shot yeah that wasn't a very good one
yeah we do that every day and you got
your attention you've ever done go to
all your events I think not I must have
some yeah nothing springs to mind but
I'm Shum Lewis Hamilton
I feel like it's going to happen when
you try to be cool you know I mean
you're shaking hands some of you like
Wyatt you're quite cool yeah well there
we go I would love to know if any of you
have had any weird awkward handshake
experiences what do you do handshakes
also I mean I'm a hugger
but I like to help people but sometimes
a new person I'm a bit like I'm not sure
about a hug just yet but we'll get there
we'll get there anyway give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you guys tomorrow movin over there
all right buddy guys goodbye
