hello everybody the reason why i'm so
excited right now is because you may or
may not know this but i have been
working on my rap part 2 and 4 literally
like the last technically I guess you
could say it's like the last I've wanted
to do it at the last year but hardcore
solid like work has been going on for
the last four months on this including
writing it recording it and then
obviously the hold music video but today
is the official day that has been
released worldwide on itunes spotify
apple music and of course the music
video has just come out on my main
channel so you may have seen it you may
not have seen it but i wanted to make
this video to just basically in case you
haven't seen it to go watch it also i
just wanted to like give you guys an
opportunity to win some of the
memorabilia from the video i guess like
I've got a load here i'm going to talk
you through it it's such a weird video
because i've had this song for like
three months and now the fact that it's
actually here like you can you can
actually listen to and so many of you
have been tweeting me all day saying how
much you love it so I'm really really
glad you like it but I want to see the
power of you guys okay so things are a
little bit different now because
streaming verse buying so I don't really
know how well this is going to work the
last rap song i did got to number 42 in
the download charts just on one day like
got to 42 in itunes download chart then
fell back out as it would only do this
song I think you guys can beat that but
it all depends on obviously if you guys
want to do that I don't know how a
stream works versus buying so it's on
iTunes is on app music it's on Spotify
Apple music and Spotify obviously you
stream that iTunes you can buy the song
for 99p to the difference between this
video and the first video did is this
video I wanted to make it like a proper
music video and I'm not with a label I
don't have anyone like funding this so
everything in that video cost a lot of
money to make it like that and all of
that money came out of my pocket which
is fine because I wanted to do that so
I'm not I'm not saying the same God I
don't really want to fight a song to
like make up for me spending money on
the video that's not what I'm doing it I
just want you to be able to like see the
difference in like
effort from the first video to the
second video because it's a big
difference like to me and everyone
involved and hopefully you guys watching
will be able to see that as well so yeah
basically I just think it would be
absolutely hilarious if basically if
this song gets into the top 40 by Sunday
they have to play it on the radio like
they just have to play on the radio no
much like people at home who listen to
the radio top 14 it's like number 39
Marcus Butler featuring Conor Maynard
I'm famous and that song comes on
everyone is gonna just be like what on
earth is going on right now now that's
how any obviously gonna be possible if
you guys want to be involved and help
this happen so I would really really
appreciate it if you could support in
any way but for that stream by sharing
it get your get everyone you know to
listen to it literally just send it to
your whole contact list in your phone
and be like listen to this home also i
have no idea how it worked but the video
if it does get top 40 might end up them
being on like music station I have no
idea because I've never I don't have a
label don't know how any of this works
so it's all new to me but it might end
up going on like it that the music video
you would have seen being on like TV
imagine if it's on MTV like songs right
now or something like that and then
there's me like yo I think that'd be
quite funny so moving on to the
memorabilia like I said to kind of like
give something back to you guys as well
anyone who has bought the song I want
you to send me a screenshot of you with
the song turn on your phone or on your
laptop or something using the hashtag
I'm famous and just tweet that all day
because I have got a whole load of stuff
from the music video I'm going to sign
and give away so i am gonna post it to
some of you guys unfortunately due to
like postage and all this stuff i can
only do in the UK right now but yeah i'm
gonna show you all the products right
now and they're all going to be signed
so yeah here you go
sunscreen man yeah cool it's a towel by
the way used on the fiji water it's had
a part of my naked body on it probably
shouldnt I've told you that Japan is a
massive flag yah man oh this is Queen
monkey but what's row absolute
blingtastic hat like that is literally
ridiculous and and I'm famous vest so
yeah I am giving all of those things
that I just showed you away to different
people like the way that you enter is
through the how I said the way that you
enter is via Twitter use the hashtag I'm
famous take a picture of yourself with
you like of purchase the song next you
like on your fire not like on your
computer whatever something like that
and i will pick some rip some winners at
random I don't know that's all I have
right now I'm just more like excited for
you to see this video and I just really
hope you like it also I probably should
say that's just in case you don't
realize it is a parody yeah it's not me
like thinking I'm a real rap I mean
obviously I'm but it is a parody I know
some of you won't like them still will
be some people out there that think it's
real and I'm trying to be a rapper it's
a parody but it's ya what I'm gonna say
but yeah I would really appreciate your
support on it and I hope you guys like
it and I would love to do more of this
stuff so yeah hope you like it there's
now police siren going off so that's
good I'm gonna go Oh see you guys
tomorrow oh there's loads of rugs coming
from the behind the scenes music video
over the next few days I'll be uploading
like two videos a day probably with the
vlogs in there as well so yeah look
forward to that I don't see you guys
very soon bye
