yo hello that was a very weird hello
dunno really what it's doing that what
is up how you guys doing I've obvious I
don't know like 10 I'm not listening to
anything I am obviously about to watch
something and share something with you
now let me just tell you the story have
found this video I'm going to show you a
really old video that I'm really shown
before because I was looking through my
video files on my computer which I've
got loads of really old cringe videos
and then I found this clip which is from
a video on my channel which is really
really embarrassing so just gonna share
that one with you oh here we go I
haven't I honestly haven't watched this
video haven't watched this video in a
very long time so melow it scared this
are this might even be my first ever
collab like my first ever collab I
wasn't even with this person in real
life we just did it over over skype so
God look at my t-shirts out internet
here we go hello rude man oh it's off
why was it I don't deal with perfetti
people like you you think they can dance
Ruben for sake come on oh my god
that acting though Wow talking to those
if he's on the other side of the room
this guy was that we had to script this
out like I remember writing the whole
like what we're gonna say out to each
other this is so sorry
wow wow main channel content that's a
real life like that they're really not
they what song what song this is a cure
why not letting start and it's me here
we go I why my dip what my day wore my
day oh my God look at that time I was
quite funny actually the stretching
ashes warm-up why my pranking me what my
day oh yeah look at that he's got that
on lock oh yeah look at those hips
trusts why do I keep stretching but
better macrina ya doin a lil MA no he's
got a fish I'm not even in focus I can
I'm so blurry star jumps brilliant what
happens it oh the robot is out oh my god
I made a few videos in this lat little
section one that it's def let just the
end of the video there it was like hello
that was a little sketch comedy version
you can go check his and there's a lil
new albums get Johnny look I forget how
like monotone I wasn't just like go
through to open and oh cool tell me how
amazing advanced I wasn't a sex money so
I'm gonna if you've almost 10,000 this
is over the same so I made this one
I how about nine thousand subscribers
most that video okay that video has got
20,000 views so most of you will never
have seen that cord epic dance off I
know if you can hear that guys with my
laptop litari sounds like it's about to
die this is 13th of March 2011 to nearly
nearly five years ago I made that I
don't I don't even know if Reuben still
makes videos i don't i'm not i'm not
like friends of my name we just spoke to
each other by twitter and then we're
like yeah let's make this video Wow
oh I don't even know what we did on hit
did we do a video on his channel most
epic dance battle ever is this the same
thing but the odds about Reuben oh this
is on his tummy out anytime Rylan let's
go seriously I don't want to watch this
I don't you remember there well it's
like the exact exciting video what my
tat why mine but that's before twerking
I created to our can call it's not much
dancing in this compared to mine there's
a lot of Reuben Reuben like oh I was
only interested in about ten seconds
thanks ruben wow that is embarrassing or
so i think that counts as my first
official ever collab I think that might
have been before i did a video about fit
but hey that's back in the day that's
another embarrassing cringe video of
mine if you enjoyed it give the video a
thumbs up like I've still got so many
more of these hidden away that you
haven't seen with your eyes so you want
to see some of those carry under none so
yeah all right love you guys hope you
enjoyed it and I will see you tomorrow
good bath
