hello hi we're finding out today how
funny am I actually probably not very
funny how funny are you actually a quiz
by BuzzFeed how funny you actually here
we go knock knock who's there
impatient cow impatient cow Moos who's
there needle needle who need will help
getting through the door no who's there
Nana Nana who none of your business
that's who who's there
Luke Luke ooh loop through the people
and see is we're gonna be impatient cow
impatient cut
wait who's there impatient cow impatient
cut Moo it's got to be the cow one sorry
why did the chicken cross the road to
prove to the possum that it could be
done because it didn't want to be a
chicken because it was egged on Oh to
get the end that no one chooses to get
the other side because it was egged on
choose the cat face
number one is like did you just say my
name number two is like I'm literally
ready to go I'm ready for you number
three is like I can definitely stay here
and watch Netflix all day and number
four number four is like what's number
four like number four like I got that
sass of that tongue just sticking out I
can't choose I can't choose between eyes
not number three like that's a bit too
boring for me it's either gonna be
number two I'm like raring to go you
know it's gonna be number four like a
little sass done choose something
there's definitely not a penis no the
blonde one looks so realistic like
that's scary she's saying it's
definitely not I mean more they're all
penises aren't they am I missing
something here is that housing estate
that can't be real okay they must have
just had obviously jokes builder I don't
know what to pick I mean the over
housing estate what's your banter
ranking
Archbishop of Canterbury banter King we
ban smugly hope fantastic mr. Fox
definitely bantam of the Opera sorry
choose a funny pick-up line we're not
soft but we'd make a great pair I'm not
staring at your boobs I'm staring at you
ha that's clever
you have pretty eyeballs of course
they'd be better if they are I and my
pretty pop just say that someone they
just probably bomb on your face roses
are red violets blue lock me please I
like I'm not a stranger peeps I'm
staying at your heart how do people
usually react to your jokes none of them
because my jokes was amazing so yeah
exactly
you guys probably sat home doing one of
those right now we can loser how do
these direct my joke number one
definitely number one how often do you
tell jokes every day I should get paid
for this shit whenever the chance arises
once and it bombed nobody listens to my
fucking jokes anyway whenever the chance
arises like I like I throw a few cheesy
jokes out a day definitely do what's
your favorite genre of movie horror
action comedy rom-com the-- who's the
funniest on Twitter Chrissy Teigen James
Blunt Anna Kendrick Ryan Reynolds a
hundred percent James Bond James Blunt
is like my favorite Twitter account I
follow he's so witty and just does not
give a shit but he literally just rinses
everyone it's brilliant oh here we go
how funny you actually you go up
absolutely hilarious way bring the
applause come on don't let me just hear
that it's being okay
a bit more that's not step aside the
chosen one is among us you are so damn
funny you've got people's sites hurting
and cheeks
Achim we should be paying you for your
services well what can I say guys I
don't know how that how they work that
out but I'm not going to complain if
I've been said that I'm absolutely
hilarious by BuzzFeed I will take that
so thank you very much BuzzFeed I hope
you guys like this video give the video
a thumbs up if you did I know we'll see
you tomorrow with another video all
right love you guys bye bye
