hello welcome to a saucy reading daddy
fanfiction youtuber fanfiction part 3
this is like just the funniest thing I
think I've ever read where we like to
gas type Marcus just claimed he has
feelings for Layla Oh
shit's gone get room
I see Harry amongst the crowd of Russian
people to get on the train
Leila Harry I run Charlie hunting making
him step back a bit ha ha I've missed
you so so much bear girl I don't know
why I didn't feel as close to hurry um
probably because you slept with Marquez
I drive me in hurry home
I need to get Marcus out my head let's
take your stuff up
I tell Harry as we walk upstairs and I
get that sick feeling I've been having
the past few days to food I sit down on
my bed God Bristow isn't the same
without you there
I've missed you lots he leans in and I
can feel his hot breath on my lips and
lots he says one last time before
joining our lips together at least he
wasn't smashing them my mom's dead it
doesn't feel the same when we usually
kiss I'd normally feel squishy like who
is dough in his hands
Harry pushed him away and ran to the
toilet throwing up Layla what's wrong
tears are now streaming down my face
it's realization hits me Oh God
what if me and Marcus never used a
condom nothing I'm going to take a
shower
what doctor a proper shower or full of
thoughts and anxiety I go to assess
Harry a mom who sat in the living room
better I cuddle into Harry he puts his
arm around me and whispers I love you I
can't do this I don't feel the same how
long would I keep a lie like this for
I wake up feeling really sick I look
over my shoulder and see a bed hair
hairy I tried to move his muscular arm
off me but he just heightened his grip
I'm going to be sick again Harry
Are you ill yeah I think I've caught a
stomach bug I know the real reason and
it's definitely not stomach bug he
deserves to know the truth
Harry I have something to say I I don't
know what why but I don't feel the same
about us boo
well what's that supposed to mean I
think I fell out of love with you
brilliant I was always told by keeping
our fingering back in Bristol how we'd
be the ones to get married first and I
always pictured it
wait what you met someone else I look up
at Harry as the tears falling down his
cheek no Harry I just don't feel the
same ever since the other the other what
Layla huh ari Spitz getting up from the
bed I never meant to do this to you do
what no Leela hi I I slept with someone
right Harry spits I get drunk Layla but
I've never gotten fucked a stranger wait
a second you being sick or please don't
tell me is that what I think it is baby
please
I'm so sorry and you know for definite
Harry stops pulling his hair no not yet
I need to do tests but all the signs
from the other night and there's no
chance of it being mine I think in my
head the timing from when Harry and I
last had sex it just wouldn't be right
it probably would be more right I gently
shake my head not wanting to fully onto
him I just want you to know I never
intended for this to happen ever just
know that even though I really want to
hate you right now
I can't I never will I love you so much
he gently presses his lips to my head
I need Zoey
she will understand British she's only
just met though I text her to meet me in
the park just down the road she replies
almost internet' yeah shortened oh my
god I have some exciting news
I see Zoey at the park bench she looks
really happy and excited she gets up and
pulls me in for a hug
cheeky what's the problem then she
smiles and we sit down first of all I'm
sorry for dumping my life shit on you
when we're only just getting to know
each other but you're the only person I
feel I can trust but I broke up with my
boyfriend Harry literally met Zoey ones
the other problem is I think I'm
pregnant
ah sweetie she pulls me a fuck we were
work through this together okay first
things first pregnancy test so what's
the news you want to tell me I asked
waiting in line for pay for the test me
enough it moves in together she beamed
with a cheesy grin we head back to hers
and out for his apartment so I don't
have to take them alone
I waited patiently for the news I had
the pregnancy test lined up what if
they're positive
I can't look so you do it she turned
around to face me her face look nervous
I started to cry we need to get to
markers tears slipped out more as I look
back at the positive tests wow I was sat
and zoning out his liver and waiting for
Marcus so he invited him here his voice
gave me butterflies
Marcus POV walked up to Elvis door I
thought he was strange how so he wanted
me to come here see Lela I still loved
her
I knocked the door and not long after so
he answered hey alright so he pointed to
the living room before whispering go
easy on her whoa I walked in the living
room I saw the guys in love with hi hey
I have something to tell you Leila's POV
um I'm pregnant I started crying again
as I handed marks the positive tests he
stood there shocked his face in silent
say something I spat not not meaning to
how how are you the condom was on the
floor this is the hairpin fear the test
fatherhood maybe it split I don't know
Marcus either way I'm pregnant and it's
yours
what about Harry is gone we're over Oh
is bow or you can say I shouted at him
are you keeping it how dare you even ask
that
oh wait you don't want me to I started
punching his chest screaming and crying
he pulled me into him to hug him I tried
fighting him but then he just pulled me
tight up he lent it into my ear and
whispered blasting like one it's for you
to get rid of it I will help you through
this I will love our child like I love
you I'm done I've got baby
I am Air Force I've got a few questions
yeah how do they know you're the dirt
and it doesn't pretty tested everything
looking paternity turn that it's very
true Dustin that is that is true but
because she knew from you know when she
lost her sex with Harry she knew she
knew that a long time off she knew and
also take weeks comfort some people
don't think it takes about two or two or
three months not a few days never you
don't get morning sickness a few days
hot as a laughing saying but brilliant
okay oh well we're leaving at their next
chapter is coming to terms with it so
marks and Lela basically gonna have a
baby don't really know what's gonna
happen from there on it if you guys are
enjoying it give the video a thumbs up
and I'm sure we'll continue it I think
there's 25 chapters sir about you know
three fifths of the way through right
now
but yeah I will see you guys tomorrow
alright see ya bye
