so I've been learning from music
production course hello it's nine
o'clock in the morning and I'm gonna try
some chocolate which is something I'd
never do you guys know I'm pretty
healthy I don't usually eat chocolate
let alone at nine o'clock in the morning
but hey this is all about fun
experiences and doing that thing for
more Marcus Yahoo sound like Joe sugg
didn't it
whoa so I basically was on this website
the other day and I found these two
different ravers of chocolate that I
thought would be really weird and
interesting to try would help I could
get into it first one I'm a little bit
scared about this is made in the USA it
is mcclenney killed me by killing me
killing me I kill honey something Co
Tabasco brand spa chocolate not sure how
I feel about that like I've had chili
chocolate before whether it's like a
little bit of chili in there Oh to be
fair it smells really good oh it's like
a little pizza that's cutest now that's
actually quite cool I'm a bit worried
about this so I usually quite enjoy
spicy food I don't love spicy food I
enjoy spicy food so this could be a
game-changer
this could like end me or this could
make quite morning ah I've literally
done my teeth about 20 minutes ago as
well so it's probably not gonna be nice
to add that into the flavor
all right now my cooking a little bit
just a little bit and that's gone that
was not spicy at all but literally after
if I'm really really really disappointed
by that actually no it's a lot spicy now
it's gone from your mouth like it's just
sat in my palate it's actually quite
spicy notes in my pocket a little bit of
sweat going on that's like awfully but I
shouldn't be like that should be that
afterburn spicy chocolate it's funny cuz
you know I can enjoy the the flavor and
then you saw it and you're like why the
freaking how did I just eat that my
laptop sounds like it's about to explode
so that's always good moving on to the
second flavor darkly purse Livia and
some that Harry Potter dark chocolate a
hint of mutt oh yeah Marmite I didn't
even say it's Marmite flavor but Marmite
a hint of Mama indulgences a perplexing
treat that bewilders the tastebuds who I
mean yes you either love it or you hate
it some fancy packaging inside oh I'm
not really sure about that for being a
baby on it so I really like Marmite oh
my mouth looks like it I'm not sure
about that at all
oh god I can't do that I did I just bit
my tongue celery huh I'm not a fan of
that at all not at all
or I didn't think of you in my head
because I've just had some toast and now
I'm eating chocolate straight away oh oh
oh that is not pleasant
like I'm not a fan of that at all okay
here's a question for you guys when you
eat chocolate are you arts could be a
little bit innuendo ish soccer or are
you a chewer yes so when I talk about I
like to suck it let it melt away in my
mouth and then it's amazing
or do you like just Knobble it all up
Wow cool chocolate lessons with Marcus
and those are the two weird chose your
flavors that I tasted today quite a fan
of Tabasco on absolutely not a fan of
the moment one is still lingering around
in my mouth now not a fan of that but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video give it
a big thumbs up if you did
I don't we'll see you tomorrow bye
