rolling and hello hello there how's it
going welcome to an episode of guessing
celebrity baby photos number four five
five five one M let's see how bad marks
is this time celebrities a sucker dough
not really sucker you choose um gets the
breeds ain't got bloody clue is that
Jessie J that looks like Jessie J but I
think I is jessie j oj / Jessie J sister
to Selena Gomez that looks like Jessie J
but it's obviously not why is she crying
she is American how old is she it's when
he's late twenties maybe early thirties
she a singer
no she an actress yeah she ran big films
with Mila Kunis yeah oh is that
Christian Bale yeah
that is a Christian Bale on my favorite
something he's so good oh who is this
lovely lady that okay that again she's
English
right yes use English yeah the reason
I'm saying English is because that again
is such a stereotypical English school
photo like yeah we've got that crappy
shitty background that we just stick
behind you because it looks great in
pictures really brings out your face to
Americans have school photos just
thought about that when you were two in
England you're like you have to do this
I think you even have to do it every
single year
then you're not the reflection of really
printing photos every year is that a
thing that people in America do as well
it's not GG he did it no I don't know
hers she's been in a big film I'm not
sure what other film she's gonna but
she's definitely
it's not we got from the stalls no
eligium go clue how old is she mint
woman's your big fan of hers really yeah
am i well no I said that before in some
more market cities
oh my god there's not rosie huntington
puberty really did work for her didn't
it what that is not rosie huntington
what the hell isn't transformers that's
so random ha ha that's not baby photo
yeah
who is that what's going on here they're
gonna say I'll be fine they dive in yeah
they a diver no anymore they used to be
a diver yeah well I don't know any
divers up there Tom Davey it's not time
David but I know it's not Tom day today
he's a pretty big seller how old is he
now forties literally looks about 30 in
the yeah cool guessing celebrities ten
years ago photos
I don't know these videos of films
that's not Tom Hardy's English I don't
know I don't recognise their face at all
their English department it's that's not
oh my god that's not Rosie hunters
boyfriend Jason Savior - Jesus he used
to be a diver did it or like an Olympic
diver oh yeah
no way no he was a diver no you wasn't
Wow a still pretty good shape to be fair
this person's old because that is that
looks like that they're around in World
War times cool socks their parent bands
are shorts a really spoke no really low
down so I don't know how old 50s English
no english-speaking country I I'll
give it away America Australia yesterday
I know I'm trying to think of any 50
year old Australian that I know all
right mate I'm a 50-yard Australia and
when I went to school I will cricket
socks up to my knees and I love to wear
really short shorts and putting like
really high
what do they
they're in the public eye bright I guess
we wouldn't be doing it if it wasn't
because celebrity baby photo honestly
I've been around the block but they
sleep around long no the whole book is
he still alive
honestly no no I have no like don't even
have one person - yes other than Chris
Hemsworth who's not 50 he's been in some
very big films not helping he was in his
pomp in - yeah yeah just the pomp of it
and I overheard pomp they start up mm he
was a huge film when he's in the films
as he speak in an American accent or
English asylums yeah a Roman warrior
oh is it Gerald Butler cool Russell
Crowe yeah get on Marcus that was really
hard I mean yeah and now you said that
but I yeah forgot he was Australian a
celebrity photos number four or five
complete and I didn't write that one
actually I surprised myself actually no
I didn't do right after soap that's not
complete enough tonight how did you guys
do probably better than me and you
probably get really frustrated watching
me do is and just end up like screaming
at the screen but yeah if you enjoyed it
make sure to give this video a big
thumbs up and I will see you beautiful
people tomorrow another video all right
love you guys bye
