hello hi in today's video I don't really
want to do this but if again I asked you
guys what I should react to and loads II
said two girls one cup yeah two girls
one cup is something that some of you
may have seen on the internet I hope a
lot of you don't watch it and you
definitely shouldn't go and watch it
after watching this because I've
mentioned it like just don't and now I'm
saying don't watch I know it's going to
tempt you to watch it but please do not
want you I'm not advising you to watch
it I have seen it probably 10 years ago
when I first saw it last time I watched
it was when actually the first day I met
Jim Chapman I was of Alfea literally an
hour after meeting him we got on to talk
about two girls one cup Jim and never
seen it we were working with Guinness
World Records at the time we took Jim
back to our hotel room that sounds
really really did take him back he came
back with us because he's hanging out
with us and then we were like you're
butchers and then we spent an evening
watching two girls one hold on evening
we spent a few minutes I'm not gonna
show you the video because it's a little
just a little bit sensitive are the
sound oh god it's the sound of it all
this is the one-minute version then it
was definitely a four-minute version all
right here we go here we go here we go
here we go it's not me as soon as that
music comes on that turn and then you
know you're in for a treat
yeah yeah angle two girls just making
out that's cool oh oh God Oh they eat
ice cream what the fuck you doing that
is not what oh you are not meant to do
that with your own poo Oh her she's like
the squishing around her mouth like it's
like some her slush puppy and then she's
smiling but I just wanted it oh my god
no anything ever and it's literally shit
all over her mouth oh my god oh my god
oh there's just a moisture I've never
washed it this far well I should just go
to the shit oh my god she's just gotta
get back up and now she's been
Oh poo in her mouth oh my god oh my god
ah that's not chocolate fudge cake oh
I've never watched that for I've got ten
seconds in before and that's as far as
I've that is not the hope there's
definitely a four minute version
somewhere I've got goosebumps from
watching that Oh Oh like you're just not
meant to do that like who whose idea was
it to go ah yeah you know what this
could be a really interesting video if
we get two girls to poo and glass eat it
and then make out with it and then the
heck why not make themselves gag and
just throw their own poo back up into
another girl's mouth that sounds great
doesn't it Wow I'm I'm I'm like oh
honestly I've never watched that long I
kind of like had to I guess for this
video but that was not enjoyable at all
I meant um you know I've got lunch on
the way and all I can think about is poo
I think it was mate it was made as an
actual like for the porn industry I
think so yeah that was a lovely
enjoyable experience that we've gone
through together on this journey um if
there is any I don't know why am I
asking this but I also on Twitter and
that's what you guys said but if there's
other things like this that I should
make a video of and not show you the
graphic image but reacting to something
discussed then then let me know because
entertainment quality content yeah I'm
not even gonna say if you enjoyed this
video thumbs up so I will see you people
tomorrow another video all right love
you guys bye
