yo yo yo yo welcome back to a real
versus fake where I have to watch
something and decide whether it is real
or if it is a parody or a fake version
of that so far we have done movie
trailers
we have danced sports trickshots songs
whether it's a rap song fate song so
here we go today we are doing adverts
is this a real advert or is it a fake
advert he's drinking coke though this
isn't a writ under but this isn't real
what is that fake
real no way how long ago is that we find
it very hard to keep your dick dry sorry
if you like me you find it very hard to
keep you dick dry wait a bit then I
discover we start Dixieland then wait
for you to dry this is fake it's quite
funny though dick once your dick is
clean
I even have fuck sauce on my D that's a
cringe bet dicks on tinder quite funny a
bit
it's really funny I mean just because he
says dick my dick at any rear deck I was
just listening to D actually say dick
dick my dick what do you just say deck
went deck dick this is gotta be face but
is really funny cock into them have an
extra large hole in your deep and slow
cook yes for the big black cock
there's good spag those hilarious
I want that to be a product like can
someone make that product that is
hilarious
no it's brilliant yeah I'm just looking
for a condom and do you know what size
you are
we've been over seas sorry we've been
overseas wide being overseas me you have
a bigger cock do you know what size you
are and yeah well we've been overseas
right we'll have you been somewhere like
tradition is to stretch your cock or
it's good real comfortable you know it
really brings we now realize it's very
nice hey my just chocolate icing
um wait I need to is real or fake I'm
gonna say it's real I'm gonna say it's a
company trying to be edgy of the adverts
Israel oh my god Wow
hashtag range imagine that comes on your
TV device
the Apple part is like it even
introducing mm this is fake versus
follow and all the time is it turn off
on it that's really cool heads on that
is it's gotta be fake like I don't think
I care could copy copy this it's falling
to pay it's funny amazing that's first
fake surely as fake
that's not real that's not real advert
is that was on TV yeah wonderful
no in where you done that wasn't on TV
here have you guys it's Swedish people
it's quite a lot of you guys watch the
videos is that have you seen that advert
for I cannot believe that's real I mean
it's funny it's hilarious that I care if
one yeah we're just gonna like copy
apples like funny style of advertising
bit weird isn't it hanging out with a
clown all night plagued done a good
impression of poppin Ronald McDonald
wait but I was hungry jacks
that was my Donald's it's gonna turn
into it oh it's a bit disgusting oh god
is he gonna realize that it's not no
dude this was the edge it just slavery
company fake yeah honestly was that that
was gonna come in I would know I'm not
entirely sure how many I got right out
of that I got the IKEA one wrong I got
the condom one right actually didn't I
um there's some weird adverts out there
anyway give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I don't see you people
tomorrow another video bye
