hello welcome to a video that I've taken
inspiration from what I did a about a
week ago go
sorry that's so three years ago um where
I do quiz it was natural quiz and
BuzzFeed could guess the celebrity tweet
and I do guess who tweeted it and
thought that I take that and put it into
youtubers version so Matt has compiled a
load of random tweets me from random
youtubers and I have to guess who those
are from the lydon did a them should we
say as well for this to have a little
bit rules we should give myself three
attempts so there isn't a selection of
answers it's just the tweet so I think I
should have three chances to guess who
that is that's fair
my camera is broken
sad face this could literally be any
youtuber I mean that I would have said
if this wasn't the first to the YouTube
world of gone with his alfie only
because he always seems to be tweeting
about how broken his cameras are but
that's not his first tweet I don't think
it is there's oh yeah Malfi is playing
Fifa um uh this is me I know I just know
that's me wow yeah is playing Fifa
what a cool lead Marcus I wasn't even a
huge I think I joined Twitter before I
started my youtube account yeah twelve
forty over 2009
that's nearly seven years ago and I'm
still a legend at FIFA now my brother
was really sick last night I'm hoping he
was just drunk and doesn't have a bug
his clothes are on the bar from floor
dot drunk it is Wow tell the whole world
why don't you I'm going of Jones Oh
illness yeah that's what 21st of August
so nine Joe definitely know this isn't
Joe like probably didn't even not
YouTube boys and he's like well Soto
worldwide oh dude
hi Twitter's isn't it thank you for a
warm welcome feeling really 25
century while using capitals are
probably really offending someone I'm
actually really good friends of high
Twitter's hi Twitter's because it's
quite like feeling really 21st century
that's quite like a witty thing thank
Jim could potentially be up there my
friends of them yeah Oh is he Casper no
cool it's a boy yeah BAM I'm really your
friends of them you've a lot of free
questions outside but then you can guess
okay I'm already good friends over I
said your friends have been is it Troy
one more guess I know who is Anna is
PewDiePie yes that's yes yes I'm going
on yet
Felix only joined in February 2011 as
lame from you Felix mate I mean you do
have more followers than me so cool but
no one's counting I'm mad because
someone else is posing to meet to be me
on Twitter backup eight Casper boy or
girl go it's not Tonya yes no yes no yes
you didn't have dance that wasn't
question I'm just saying I'm just saying
it what is not tired and I happen to
look around the room to see if the Sun
was coming in the window that's all I'm
saying
this is hard ah Miranda sings yeah yes
there's a lot you know there's a lot you
can get out of a few characters when you
really put your mind rubbing Mike litter
on my Twitter is that girl advice
actually go I don't want to say it's not
a girl let me say that it's not a girl
is it shame daughter know Casper know
how my friends of this person yeah it's
not Jim is that question about - I'm
saying it's okay it's not Jim it's not
kid I'm gonna say Jim would not tweet
that he'd say that to me in person even
tweet that better not be Jim is it you
know that my three guesses yeah here's a
Tyler okay yeah
yeah I get that well I don't get I mean
he doesn't have a funny
that's not one saying but hey brilliant
I don't even remember signing up for
this or what is that
that's been on pirate more like a per
our another face sure I've seen this
tweet somewhere
girl a boy to go it's no good it's the
boy okay my friends with them yeah three
questions isn't an offer they British
yeah is it Jim no no it's not Jim no no
I realize I realize this is I said its
motion I like the Anton deck Oh God
you've given it away you've given it a
straight away but you're really bad at
giving clear it's done it's not it's
fair see yes what a legend 2008 there
was early on Twitter Wow
and that concludes my first-ever episode
of guest youtubers tweet I found that
very hard actually I'm not gonna lie but
I still think I did pretty well I'm sure
loads of you guys probably got that way
before me because I'm sure all those are
the youtubers have done videos on their
first tweets and stuff but yeah I hope
you enjoyed it give the video a thumbs
up if you did and I will see you
tomorrow bye
