hello how you guys did today um we are
taking part in another episode of try
not to laugh well I watched something
that obviously tries to make me laugh
and most of the time I end up laughing
because I have a sense of humor
basically here we go let's see how fun
in this video is oh yeah
that's just such a cool enjoy I wish I
had a cool intro like up nice so this
can be really rinji by funny funny moon
this is so fake isn't it that's so sad
oh I've never seen that before
that's so original Wow this is ice that
like six years ago but some sometimes
vines are just too fast like I need more
than six seconds to figure out what's
going on in the ten different shots that
you've just managed to squeeze in
squeeze it up obviously that reaction
she's just like a young bitch whoa oh my
god calm down like people vine chill but
you scream so loud
Boise Isis obsession watermelon oh
that's quite funny as you know going on
a lot of metal on the migas but I got a
one I'm alone
but I got one I'm alone I mean give me
like one or two more and I'm done
why is he a package ah other
side it's not that funny she's ugly they
so funny sick joke is like so southern
American like sing it pop live whose mum
she's are baseless gone Oh
just by amazed like get the out of
here
good so good
how does it feel for the narrator to
become really funny that's funny some of
these videos Logan Paul is finally
honest in real life I'm real life on
YouTube I'm laughing out like how shits
on these jokes are you can almost are
really good I don't know that's real of
the reaction is you think oh you just
know songs that are vibe like that
summers hip-hop songs are just vibes on
oh yeah you whip that oh that's funny
but race it oh you I would be so annoyed
haha literally you can get that shot
straight on his basketball head I don't
find these guys funny bratty little dog
I find it hilarious just because I used
to play Zelda so much let you fly out
that see can you do Bain impression you
definitely yeah as soon as I said that
you look your life with a smile like
yeah I can do it
I've been waiting all my life for some
of the artis deals with a video camera
Rob could do Batman let us worry oh
that's bad
hey how many times he prays that in
front of the mirror of Judea every day
we'd wake up yeah that's it babe oh
that's bottle that she quite yet did you
get annoying families like that I feel
like if my family like forced me to sing
in the car just be like oh you know
funny he's paying paints do okay math is
about
well there we go like for me suck like a
lot of those vibes I just I just do not
find funny some are hilarious most of
them I just don't quite funny but that's
a to me I'm sure lots of you enjoy lots
of vine videos you cheeps better than
fine night don't Tony I said that if you
enjoyed this video make sure to get big
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
good bye
