hello beautiful set second laughter
hello beautiful second people hello
beautiful sexy people aren't called John
per se
mostly had rarely seen as you you should
be right in the jumper don't get it not
a zone thank you for sending it to me
anyway welcome back to and guess the
youtuber series we've got so many of
these kind of series that we've started
and we need to start doing pot to pot
twos of them this isn't a positive now
set up like is just another just another
guest youtuber by their something and
today it gets you to birth by that eyes
so correct me if I'm wrong what count on
this part this part of a youtuber I
actually guess who they are
we're gonna play together of course so
very difficult all in on here let's see
hey Leroy your prediction anything over
eight I'll be happy with I think you
game estimate thanks man okay so girl or
a guy boy okay first guest Roman Atwood
no I think only to get almost very
gesture to in the comment only said too
easy for you know whenever you play
something you have like three lives as a
Joe not never look by the eyes be sure
that so die
yeah I am logic essentially you're not
like yeah this is really hard
okay first American on UK American Jesus
um Connor Franta nope find out a very
feminine eyelashes I mean I'm jealous
I've zero eyelashes like literally my
eyelashes are pathetic I would have
obvious that's his YouTube picture isn't
it yeah most Randy Brisbane I and a lot
I run in fun I mean that obvious I think
that's really obvious because you've
been looking at the pictures I don't lay
the fire odds in your position are being
are Jim Chapman
yeah because because you fancy gym you
nothing go how did you get I just know
yet that is Gabi the gabbie show
yeah how did you get that oh yeah uh-huh
get it boy oh yeah still love you well
obviously Gabi if you're watching this
as collab get aside ah obviously because
the way he's like ksi has this kind of
look in his face sometimes in his eyes
where he's like he his eyes are rolled
back in it so he know he looks super
chilled almost high where his eyes have
I roll in that not like that but I like
rolling back but he's totally with it
you got three or four I know I'm very
good yeah that look see look he he could
be high but he could speed chillin
I mean his children that is can we get a
drum roll please sprinkle glitter no
zoella yeah and there's one um how do
you you hate when I do well on these
saying I huffing and puffing in the
corner boys doesn't give me any credit
for doing well you have some scare I and
I win if you get wrong I go into like
the Aryan character context from a town
I am YouTube i watch youtube i watch
youtubers sub it's either they're
smashing our fidelity oh that's easy
that's so easy
I've helped you out I put in the I know
you haven't helped now I mean I think
that is the to Pete I think it's right
um yeah okay I don't know compared to
everyone else so far Rose come has huge
distance from his eye to his eyebrow
but cute component of me I'm someone
who's very actually annoys me quite a
lot my eyebrows so low they basically
gonna say it's like very low I went on a
shoot recently in Germany right and when
you going to choose you have makeup like
hair makeup over and when I start to sat
down for makeup the woman was like oh
she's like you also have heavy eyebrows
and I was like yeah okay and she's like
I've got my own product for it and she
was like okay cool
comes over she has the tiny bits of tape
basically what she does is because the
skin here is too heavy so that it forces
them you've done down so she picked a
bit of my eye eyes thing like that and
stuck it to my eyebrow and it opened up
my whole eye it basically made it look
like oh no not like this but like this
but I made it it was natural so smashing
it I loved it if this isn't that big
they're saying oh I think it does next
is this cool that's me what it's me no
this is what are you talking about it's
me look how close my eyebrows my guys
can we how did you get that straight
alone
cuz it's me why you talking about is me
if you don't get any of them okay now I
don't know that but I think it's wrong
book cover in Seoul thank you see ya
also that t-shirt I mean it's a cool
t-shirt but that angle looks like I'm
just being attacked by laughing like a
lion or something
hello to us does does now I love my hair
then I do when I see a picture arm right
does it
that is grace Helbig oh can we stop - I
mean you're the one pointing now this is
this is how you react on a bit McPhee
for as well cover how did you get that
it's looking at I because like so
obvious is it yes guys plan yes great
she'll install guys I bet you people
playing along know exactly the same
people with me I bet they're all getting
the same this next one is it will you
thought that thing that's that what is
that that's in them can we write if it
doesn't love it I'm not I thought that
blue thing is in the way of see this is
in the way you're trying to throw me off
just from getting that you know yet
thank you go get passes right they are
looking at me in the eyes
mmm female yeah I'm smashing you so
follow how big are they go because I've
got my first guess which I had when I
first saw I'm not it's not Superman it's
not not Liza no no that wasn't yes I'm
saying I'm saying it's not Liza the
eyebrows are much more arc I'm going to
guess just in I'm guessing I fell Beauty
know last one
American yeah down wrong analysis
bethany mota no find out who is that
Brooke oh my god it up she hit you
we OH
laughing you thought out there Jay Paul
no Tom no whatever moment I'm gonna
write down wrong again
you're not getting the last guests well
it from England funny cuz I was going to
say Joe no the oldest non oh she wrote
mmm we got six liner in Roy good night
Louise we ended that streak we back on
form why did you get that snow snow how
a green everybody don't think though al
fish
Louie better fellow dumbbell he's not
using his friends to his minimum harder
may I say offenses him isn't it yeah
suck with the slug eyebrows thank you
so Oh Roman Atwood no no no you sure
yeah RJ Paul you yes every day bro with
that he does it cool I say so don't give
my quick no you don't love it chin there
okay don't give that good hey um and
that is Felix aka PewDiePie just edged
up my eyes closed
how did you get some amazing yeah that's
right
so you got to the finish Oh recount is
it just to make sure and then run 11 out
of full scene thank you very much ladies
and gentlemen I put that down as an a
with you these last oh right yeah 12
others name peanuts may start off there
we go that round that our next YouTube
theme series I really hope you guys
enjoyed it and enjoyed playing along at
home or wherever you are watching this
video in the world final bit home could
be anyone could be from another school
is some whole internet it could be
anywhere that's beside the point
anyway give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it give us some suggestions for
other youtuber gets YouTube or what that
should be in the comments and yes
subscribe if you're new
other than that I will see you guys
tomorrow with another video all right
peace out yo
by
