yo yo yo yo what is up but careers in
Java I tweeted saying what should I
react to formal Marcus and someone said
spot popping videos so I usually find
this absolutely repulsive by the way
that I cannot I thought I might be sick
on my screen so I guess that could be
interesting Guinness World Records
biggest Oh zip ever oh my god oh that's
not a zit that's not as it that's not it
that is that's a rock under his body
face oh did she just like white now
she's not even squeamish she's just like
oh yeah I just got entire city pussy
squishy shit all over me I should feel
sick watching this holding it back what
the fuck oh my god how does that even
have my god oh my god I can't watch
Oh how does like develop in the Oh Joe
is like you know that when someone's
making a cake and they do the icing and
they squirt the icing atop their
cupcakes yeah have some more puss icing
why he's filming this I thought I
actually cannot what but poor guy it was
quite he's got beat that's bigger than
if he got shot if he got shot it
wouldn't look as bad as that he's a head
in his hands II so I am I'm not having a
good day today am I seriously looks a
has been attacked by wolf
what a poor guy so what's the next spot
video ingrown hairs are like the worst
thing in the world
okay yeah I'm already good play I'm
already sick bay yeah it's in good
quality as well shut the fuck up shut
the fuck up how is that you know why
have you left that there for that long
it was like the biggest curly pube ever
I his face doesn't even look clean my
god
why is that in your face why is there
like dandruff pizza yeah oh she's not
fucking seven stones in her back as our
eyes of genes as well oh my god I caught
a cannot look there's only one gloves
guys that's us it's gonna literally jump
up into your face love oh oh you know I
did just get a knife I'm still one of
that was she making sexual noises that
doesn't is she done with her like
stringy pussy spot doesn't smell what
was wrong with you oh it doesn't smell
yet oh oh oh it's just how it falls off
and like rolls down there back into her
like top and that woman's just picking
it up like it's like comedy bits of
cheese that she's about to put my
spaghetti put some gloves on some
hygiene it you have dirty fingernails as
well that's really gonna be great isn't
it
probably a triple besides that next time
sorry I'm a bit aggressive yo that is
not cool
thanks for recommending that I've ever
down Twitter anyway I don't know if you
guys some people really enjoy like
popping spots like as a thing and some
people really hate it I really hate it
do you hate it or do you love it let me
know alright well I hope you manage to
enjoy this video anyway I certainly
didn't so maybe you enjoyed me not
enjoying it and to give it video give
the video a thumbs up if you did and I
will see you at peaceful peoples
tomorrow with another video bye e
