yo yo yo yo yo what is up people of the
internet and more Marcus my lovely
viewers how you doing we're doing try
not to laugh again try to cry
snake how what am i confusing those try
not to laugh transcribe complete
opposite emotions that you're messing
with like they're not the same I don't
know why I'm calling them the same but
we're doing again and this time I don't
know what we're watching video that made
the whole world cry so I don't know
let's see what happens of this on video
that made for seven minutes 30 million
views I'm gonna be a wreck I'm actually
gonna be a wreck cause there's gonna be
about people saving other people oh no
oh I'm stuff like this man when this is
what shows like especially when sorry
it's kind of pausing I'm gonna get like
deeper here especially when like in the
world there's so much like hatred and a
lot of issues constantly going on and
they're always shown in the news and
mainly although the big highlights that
everyone talks about people sometimes
don't appreciate all the nice stuff that
people do in the world and this is I
think going to be that video where just
shows how nice people in the world apps
your lovely intro over once I can't
sighs bike so who given haven't put it
on put it on tag along drive along for
City called drag your mate drag your
mate oh yo the on fire
whoa what a legend was he going is that
people just have fire extinguishers my
cars is that a thing
lot of snow he'll be they go May oh well
he guessed huh canal they see yeah
oh my god that poor lady why she
crossing the road there Connie oh that's
cute that's really cute
that's nearly got me going my eyes are
watering again I mean that's obviously
so nice to do but like why she trying to
cross the road ed is she maybe she's
lost or something on she got him warms
my heart
Billy wait look my eyes a genuinely got
water in them I'll don't just be ones of
the old people crossing the road please
where are all these places is this like
I'm just gonna be really generic here
and say Russia because there's snow and
they've got what looks like a Russian
Apple it must be so hard for the old
people there because they can lie on the
snow as well oh it's just old people
cross and look this person's like no
don't you go and the drivers like no
don't worry I'll come help you
where all these how people recording
these why has everyone got the camera
and a car is that a thing that people do
in parts of the world like because you
certainly don't have that in England
eyes dropped is bad or she he or she
dropped the bag wonder if any of you
guys are watching from where these are
that'd be interesting
she's fallen on the floor if they fallen
down what a blitz you know we don't have
any dope good oil in a wheelchair but
crying I've just got a runny nose guys
I'm not crying all these poor persons on
all of your destroy even past
I literally gonna kill him oh my god no
no all the fact is a little child
sure
the fact that it was the little girl
that went up as well okay these are like
happy tears Oh like not my own thinking
yeah yeah we we have broken we have a
tear oh my god we got all snotty noses
back oh my god I'm a mess look how many
cars and everything keep going past and
that is so sweet
like seriously so sweet and little girl
if the same thing happens I swear I've
done okay hasn't well since the bear
family all the Bears just all my toes
that all her Cubs big Cubs Bears but
bears hooded Cobra all they're all like
dangling oh oh oh that is adorable look
it's like come on mum
imagine if you just drove and saw that
just right now okay just need like a
good few minutes I think to all that's
left me nicely happy like I'm like wow
there is genuinely like good people in
the world you know when so much bad
stuff happens like said up you know it's
like or a room so done and you just you
can watch thing like that and you're
just like you know what there are good
people in this world there's a lot of
them but sometimes they just go
unnoticed so yeah deep conversations
with markers over if you guys enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up
did it make you cry did it made you
emotional like happily sad or anything
like that
um I don't let me know otherwise I will
see you beautiful people tomorrow with
another video goodbye
