water sorry hello there you go those
fold if a blow pepper that's for
everyone who always says markers where's
your intro but guys you should know on
this channel intro more relaxed whatever
I'm in the spirit for whatever whatever
kind of vibe we're we're in right now
that's what I'm going for
today's video is can you identify this
Justin Bieber music video by its youtube
comment I'm a bit of a believer I get
more than a bit of a believer a big
Justin Bieber fan we'll see how this
goes I think you'll be quite funny so
yester what Justin Bieber video is this
comment on is that Drake at the 120 mark
ah this is hard because it could be baby
because obviously Ludacris is in it but
then boyfriend there's a lot of people
in the music video I'm gonna go with
baby it's gone green I don't know if
that means I'm right or if that just
means that's what I've selected I don't
know in the end I was like oh no no oh
no no you're not kissing her all that
matters what do you mean confident ah
cuz in it in confident that where does
the dancing like dead done dead then
then there's a go there's like a
storyline that as well so I don't know
if it's from confident or is it from
what do you mean because obviously
kisses God but he kisses the girl in the
beginning of what do you mean again it's
gone green I'm like yes I got that right
but I don't know but it really scared me
how good this dude is getting his new
stuff is really good even this song is
good I might begin to come a belieber
boyfriend or Lamar's worry now this
definitely gotta be where are you now
cuz that's his new stuff whoa that's a
trick question you can't throw that in
BuzzFeed that's a trick question here
see well then there is oh so that's gone
red right okay so it does tell you for
yelling my okay so we got two out
through this video was literary film
with a taste oh oh oh good well doesn't
make any sense how can you film
something with a potato oh you know what
I'm going to be you gonna be yes that's
right jihad yeah that's right because I
actually love the video view in a beat
that's all Mikki Minaj
and it's handheld and it's like Justin
who's lost his camera and blow over that
makes sense because it's kind of it's
shaky like a bit home ad so it's that
way I mean with potato cuz it's like you
know homemade roast potato I call don't
tell which one was the girl and which
was the guy with demon boyfriend all
allowed what do you mean it could be
what do you mean because it's like he's
got long hair so they commit that but
then boyfriend I'm gonna go what do you
mean yes
I'm some literally nailing this quiz
here he kind of looks like a younger
version of Stefan Salvatore
that is def Stefan Salvatore is from the
band at about today walking damage from
Vampire Diaries
I watched vampire eyes that has got to
be boyfriend he's going right again I'm
sorry am i believed or am i believer I
like it how he has his own perfume in
the shop window oh never say never not
baby it's not baby it's even mistletoe
or Never Say Never
I think it's mistletoe because I haven't
seen this video in a long time it's even
missiles or Never Say Never
on a mistletoe is that it you thought it
is absolutely oh I'm so cool he sounds
like a kid it's not worry now mistletoe
or you smile I don't know you smile and
mr. toad odds you smile I should have
gone you smoked I took what I went too
fast on that five years and I know all
the lyrics 12 hours left for an exam and
I have nothing it's gotta be somebody to
love only because love me hasn't been
out five years
boyfriend hasn't been up five years it's
got to be somebody to love how does that
make sense
that's are you really I'm really annoyed
that's fake that's I'm not on that none
of those songs have been at five years
so that's that's false I'm giving myself
that one is the girl a 158 Bonnie from
the Vampire Diaries lamay oh this is one
less lonely girl one less lonely girl
oh it's somebody to love each own that
one that only goes such an autumn eyes
my messing it up now that's the kid from
crater II kid movie crotchety was crack
today I haven't a clue oh crap
crater tears baby no never say never
I've lost it now how did I get here I
was watching Fall Out Boy a minute ago
one time oh just guessing now that girl
is too old for him one less lonely girl
yes I do remember I said that is a funny
video to be fair he's a little like 13
who thinks this is like the song why you
gotta be so rude cuz remember the guy
who sang why you gotta be so rude asking
a lot of times like JB so I know today
but also Jamie comes back a lot that's
why I keep asking as long as you love me
yeah nailed it how old are you Justin oh
this is hard it's like there's nothing
that gives that away what I'm going one
time because it's his first video yes
I'm quite good I'm quite I'm quite good
on Lots one a what 2:01 someone wrote
Bieber wrong law 201 oh definitely where
are you now because that was where they
got submissions from fans to draw the
videos so I'm definitely Marina
already's nailed it is now at it I got
10 out of 16 you got 10 out of 16 right
Congrats Justin would be proud
you're a Bieber expert I'm actually in
myself 11 because that of a question was
a bit of a trip
alright well yeah I'm obviously showing
my true believer in belieber believe
honest belief Eva fever that's the one
right there and I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did you know what to
do give that video a big thumbs up and I
will see you tomorrow
hey guys bye
