hello welcome to reading fanfiction part
2 I did this video a few days ago we go
whenever you're watching this
and you guys absolutely loved it and
I've just got onto it on my phone and
it's funny because there's a disclaimer
right at the top
Mark's is reading this story I'll put
the link up for you in case you haven't
seen the video on his second channel yet
but oh my god I'm so embarrassed I can
slip laughing the whole way through the
video because this story is honestly
that bad and I wrote at such a long time
ago now amazing so quick rundown from
what's gone on so far Marcus lives in
Brighton Leila's just moved from Bristol
to Brighton with her mum moving next
door to Marcus marks invite her to a
party it was Owen Alfie and she didn't
know what to do oh and she was has a
boyfriend called Harry on the side so
that's about to go down
we arrived at the party I'm staying with
Marcus most of the time because I don't
know anybody want a drink
ya-da-da-da shots I probably fill you in
can he put the glass back in grabs two
shots nutter
ready ready and we both drink it oh
let's get ready to party I shout as I
got Marcus the dance flop was there are
dogs for enough ease out I met lots of
new people like Jack and Finn who were
twins
damn Hal phil lester and lots of other
cool youtubers me and Marcus get
absolutely smashed wonder if there's
gonna be any smashing late sorry
you're so gorgeous
Marcus sleds in my ear as we dance what
was I doing what about Harry before I
knew it Marcus smashes his lips into
mine came smashes his lips
I couldn't stop Marcus bit my nip asking
for entrance I didn't give it him at
first but he just bit harder what he
picked me up so I can put my legs around
his waist in alfea's house on the dance
but my mind keeps telling me to stop and
to think about my boyfriend Harry he's
coming Saturday but I can't something is
forcing me on Marcus we go upstairs and
into Alfie is one of our few spare guest
rooms Marcus throws himself for me again
and starts to kiss my neck leaving
behind love marks he places me on the
bed and trails kisses from my back to my
stomach
ready ready he whispers kissing my neck
Oh Astrix is I don't know where this is
going but the first line I feel
something warm and heavy on my stomach I
roll over to here like snores Oh Layla I
realize I'm not wearing any clothes oh
god what did we do last night I lift
Marx's arm off me and crawl out a bit
grab my clothes and throw in the mamba
back on where are you going
I hear mumble from behind me what
happened last night he opens his eyes
and shot how you hate me
whose hurry you have a boyfriend don't
you Richard loving this
yes I whisper I really hate myself right
now how could I be so stupid for jumping
in bed with a complete stranger was
completely wasted not even knowing what
happened or if there was protection I
feel dirty and slutty brilliant why
didn't you tell me sorry I was meant to
tell you yes it helped it fucking helped
Marcus groans helps what Marcus huh does
it help you before you climb in bed with
everyone whoa
I grabbed the rest of my things and
storm out and leaving Marcus sat there
what was the heavy warm feel on her
stomach so I'm saying that's what I'm
say Marcus POV I watched his latest
slams the door behind her I pick up the
rest of my clothes
finding a condom on the floor at least
it was safe sex
laterz POV I don't know where I was
going but I was running far away from
everything I slowed up a bit when I get
near a beach it was empty so I decided
to sell the pier what a warm tears was
down my cheek as i clenched my fists in
anger at myself girl once I find my way
home my phone is going mental with
messages three new messages
all that is mental
I read the unknown number first hey Zoe
I got your number from market I saw you
storm out Alfie's earlier is everything
okay memories come back from this
morning replying with hi Zoe can we meet
this saves if it's nothing right ignore
the messages from Lux reading Harry's
name makes me feel sick with guilt
I look in the mirror god I look as bad
as I feel I mean tears strange face I
put on some makeup not a lot though
don't want to look like cake when I was
really I walk downstairs to my mother
reading the newspaper table would you
like to explain where you were last
night you could've at least told me
you're stopping at that god damn party
longer than twelve Leila then why mom
sells at my mom looks pissy PC Oh about
that sorry my phone died by the time I
found a charger sport it was like one so
I decided to sleep there fine just next
time tell me okay I worry apically as
epically as he only just moved here and
one more thing aren't you starting your
job yeah but not till Monday I wanted to
ask you is it right Harry stops Murray's
going Sunday anyways I walk in Starbucks
and see Zoe sing us a table towards the
back hey Zoe what did you want to meet I
can't answer that Zoe doesn't sound like
Siri does it it's about last night
Alfie's the whole reason I stormed out
I'm really scared in case you think I'm
a slut only be a few days left on
something Ripley's cheap I slept with
Marcus so his eyes widened in shock and
I waited for the negative comments that
are only going to be the truth
look I'm not here to judge you your
marks were pretty drunk look you need to
talk to Marcus about it all I can't he
hates me why would he hate you Zoe's
face is full of sympathy because I have
a boyfriend I set the marks whilst I'm
in a relationship
oh I see I'm sure by now Marcus is calm
maybe you can talk properly about it so
he comes and hugs me maybe she was right
maybe we can just forget about what
happened right
I decided to ring market us hello he's
voice like okay we need to talk about
last night the line went quiet okay
come mine house is empty I drove my way
to Marcus's house and waited patiently
at the door
look I'm sorry for shower it was my own
fault too and I took it out on you
Marcus smiled weakly at me and that's
when I realized how stress he looked
it's fine I was harsh too but I was
thinking maybe we could pretend it never
happened I looked at box space sure
Marcus Pierre they I swallowed the lump
in my throat well I've done her she has
a boyfriend she loves and she was to
forget about what happened between us
for him I have feelings for Layla is out
south the box right now there Marcus has
feelings for Layla oh my god
what is gonna happen next chapter 4 when
we come back next time it's called Harry
Oh what's good up with Ari I'm
absolutely loving me from these videos
that is just so entertaining three so I
really hope you guys are still liking it
and enjoying it if you are obviously
give bonne a big thumbs up and yeah I
will see you guys very very soon
love you guys bye
