Oh what is that people welcome to a
video which I think it's gonna be quite
interesting to do is basically can you
guess which celebrity this tweet belongs
to I want you guys to play along with me
I'm hoping that funny tweeters obviously
a BuzzFeed quiz let's begin okay guess
the hashtags celebrity tweets my butt
hurts
this is Eva Justin Bieber Liam Payne or
Amy Schumer I'm going I'm pretty sure
I've seen Liam Payne 2 either on the
impact correct I've actually seen that
I've seen him tweet that - Liam's bomb
hurt though Oh
number two it's courtesy to think how
many countries I've lost hair ties n
Kylie Jenner Hilary Duff Taylor Swift
it's Capri Kylie Jenner has a net it's
Taylor Swift Oh Taylor
firstworldproblems a tip for tomorrow
remember to consider everyone's face
when posting group votes
that's so true I don't know about you
guys but I say it's usually with me and
my family when I take my selfies or like
group pictures I only look at me and I'm
like how do I look in that picture
doesn't matter yeah people at I'm like
do I look good yeah that's the one to go
for my other sisters might be like I
don't know who the other two people are
Katy Perry who's India who's Bella
Thorne I'm going Katy Perry yes correct
I was he know Katy Perry number four I
need a copy of the 1974 version of Texas
Chainsaw Massacre okay what add to
collection or you just want to watch the
film
Demi Lovato grande Rihanna I'm going
Rihanna oh I was gonna go ariana grande
but then I had to know I thought Brianna
bad girl RiRi she wants to watch yo
check check check Texas Gingka Path
number fire sometimes the only reason I
leave my house is so when someone asks
about my day I don't have to say Netflix
and avoiding responsibilities
Oh again I was gonna do Anna Kendrick
but I did it I can't believe my
grandmother's making me take out the
garbage I'm rich this I'm going
I don't need this Wow well it's
funny about this they've had to like go
back and like change something because
the owl has got a capital o on it so
they must have like accidentally puts
hangouts and reread anyone know now that
bits wrong mate I need to put out in
there and it's come up like that I don't
know who's that breath is I don't know
who Josh Groban is so I'm gonna go 57
three hundred thousand retweet please
then of course every same $0.50 voice
open the club you know can't believe my
grandmother's make me take out the
garbage I'm rich this I'm going
home I don't need this let know
that six out alright cheers man number
seven call me old-fashioned but sending
a dick pic is disgusting and lazy real
love means sending a nice bouquet of
pieces that's mother no I can imagine
Amy Schumer saying that no in my
everyone I've gone for that's wrong in
my head I've gone oh it is probably
actually that one brilliant number 8
please do everything you possibly can in
one lifetime yeah it's a bit that better
not be Kanye West Kanye West Kanye West
would say please worship me on the best
legend everyone else it's gonna be
a rush you just said I'm telling you
knows no car near West I don't think you
do that I get that I get that correct
I'm a honey man I'm giving myself that 9
when I'm old I'll befriend the
neighborhood kids and tell them stories
and give away all my by then vintage
Chanel and Dior and Prada
that's cute I don't know Emma Roberts is
aa actually balance um brilliant Lord
cool yeah sounds so great number 10 what
products would you like to see at your
local pet store was only 151 really
feedings Martha Stewart yeah
I go 4 out of 10 10 here I got 5 out of
10 so I'm giving myself that Kanye West
1 oh wow what what great quiz that's
actually quite fun maybe I should make
my own with you too but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did you know
to do go here the video thumbs up and
thank you for watching
I've enjoyed spending some time with you
today I thought I'll enjoy some more
time with you tomorrow bye
