hello welcome back to an episode of real
or fake did it if we were a fancy show
we'd have like really nice enjoy car
there and stuff but and we don't so deal
with it basically you guys might have
seen us before done it twice before
where I am given something and I have to
decide whether it's real or fake and
each time we've had a different topic so
today's topic is movie trailers is there
a real movie or is it a parody trailer
movie thing that's what we did today
real or fake
here we go this isn't real this what is
this what this isn't real I don't think
this is her it would be amazing if this
was real what they're all like older
I've never seen him do she look so good
still no this is fake legend what oh my
god Joey look how old you is I've seen
that that's been put together from
something else this is fake I don't even
know why trying to advertise okay
they're not bad they do definitely needs
their friends remake so like that would
blow up this class and do it I want them
all to be together like all five of them
together now that all if this comes
through as this is real at the end I'm
like an absolute white all night
hi max it oh they have kind of good the
trailer voice on it I guess friends them
wait oh shit
on Azima Hollywood it just get friends a
movie my head I was like wait no I
thought that they had done a movie and
then I was chatting someone about the
other day and then there was never a
friend's movie was there no soul no
chance of the other day literally a few
days ago they were like oh they should
have done a friend's movie so when I
just saw that I was like oh that Chris
Pratt is that crisp rash okay this looks
so so fucking shit is that shark in the
house so yeah shuts alright let's fight
let's fuck there's literally flying
shoulders wait here with short notice
the Sharks flying this is awful
someone CGI this stuff it someone's
definitely featured this is got repaid
fuck my is not real that is not real and
I'm in a little bit shocked right now
she was from Wow oh is that real film
parody sounds like Christmas eh go back
to the huge car wait isn't that only
doing a remake of this is Israel this
has to be real
right by the amount that we put into us
almost so cool
much better be read although that looks
pretty face that's like a really what
this be real I think it's Satan's king -
your boyfriend's father it's such a cool
car that this is fake this is baby what
are the trainer's to the future nah
barge for thank you that's so cool I
thought they didn't know before I
thought it was like trending the other
dance with her and that's why I thought
i tortured her and them before what are
you going to do with these old toys
it is real this isn't real this is the
cost effective yeah please woody I'm
always gonna keep this on the Memphis 5
imagine woody with a bed I want this to
be felt
I would watch this this is your FL
oh wait here's it so banks as others are
there
that's funny meme I come from oh those
amazing that is so good
oh yes fake that's so yet I so so far
I've got alright but one a perfect world
he's act for you thanks honey they're
beautiful I would do anything for six
aircraft was she okay yeah Chinese my
best friend this is Johnny's my best
friend we are expecting this is called
Mitch Colby treat you like a princess
you're still in the comments be Lisa
there's the worst green tree top it off
of his world the best movie of the year
that's real isn't it although I already
know it's real because I know of the
road but I thought that was fake
that looks like the worst film ever made
in the history of film fun fact we have
actually got the room on DVD that we
said I will watch because it is so shit
I know nothing about it other than that
is meant to be really really shit so it
might be really funny for me to watch
evidently that looks like I said the
worst thing ever made in film so that
could be fun I got three out of five a
pretty happy of that I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
to give it a big thumbs up and I will
see your beautiful faces tomorrow adios
amigos
