hello everybody welcome back to one of
my favorite videos I did first time
round and you guys really liked it so
I'm gonna do it again and I hope you
make it into a series and that was where
I showed you five of my favorite songs
right now and you guys can go raibh out
them listen to them create cool dancers
to them and just find out new artists
because I love music I love finding new
musicians music new songs and new songs
and sharing them with people sharing
their awesomeness so that's what I'm
gonna do right now so starting off first
with my Spotify now I guys have told you
my spot look like for my username is
Marcus Butler full stop and I'm always
play stuff in my playlist in there
public so you guys can go follow me on
there and find all the stuff on there as
well this is from my playlist called new
chill okay so the first song is called
gold by Kiara I think that's how you
pronounce it it's K double I ara and
it's just amazing like I love the beat
of it so from a good variety show I
haven't figured out what she says there
I just kind of always go biscuits our
second song we moved on to from my
Spotify is called paralyzed by Cline
it's really really really cool
start status for ages good chill vibes
good just stick it on having a good
speak just jamming toast and jam in this
song you might have heard because I
think it's being in like the charts a
little bit is really really liked it so
it's good to summarize feet of mammals
just imagine for a sec you're on a boat
in the Caribbean do it
but he's really there's one bit Vegas
guys now we're gonna move to remember
the last time I gave you a couple of
really really dirty house like future
house beats I'm gonna give you two more
because they're breaking awesome and I
played this on my snapchat if you guys
follow me on snapchat to the Marcus
Butler you might have seen me do a video
to the other night because I'm so just
Raven to myself at home it's a remix of
take you there by Jack you that's the
original
beep well this is the chammy remix my
favorite DJ's so you all know this song
like everyone everyone knows this song
that's very good to me because I that's
a kind of like very jammies like a
future house artist and that like grimy
though it kind of makes that so he's
kind of style so yeah that's why I like
that right and my fifth and final song
again you guys may well have heard this
a fair bit because it's played like in
clubs and maybe on the radio another
house drop but it's just another dirty
house drop basically like I said some of
you guys like this very dirty I really
like that I will leave links to my
Spotify and SoundCloud where you can
find all the songs that I have shown in
this video and if you want me to see
more these give the video a thumbs up
and I will see you people beep tomorrow
all right bye
