hello and welcome back to Marcus
butler's humming so last time I was
attempting to Humble these songs then I
realized that there's loads of them and
I was like okay this is going on forever
I'll split up and do too and last time I
think we got was it eight out of 12
correct me if i'm wrong i think we ate
up 12 so got the page back and I'm gonna
carry on because yeah the best parmer FR
okay number one starting in is a 45
seconds rihanna kanye west and paul
mccartney legend got that want to want
me jason derulo ah how does this song go
i'm not giving myself that one are you
with me lost frequencies don't know that
song oh my god is not as this i did not
know it was cool there is gonna be so
hard to hum i'm losing it was a solid
effort from our thing Oh absolute
classic
yeah I'm giving reserve that just cuz
I'm a massive fan and weekend I'm not
doing as well this time a lot that we
can do you make me
Oh
wish you were mine George why do I know
the song oh yeah haha
ah nailing out of chi go five stone how
does the song go again other than thing
I can do that one don't know this song
do you know this song that's all I can
do from that trap Queen fat you up oh
that's how guys isn't it that's the
beginning elastic horse here ah this is
the flippin Bing move Sheila buff shy
thing this is hard this is very hard
here that night
it really tickles my lips on a hum like
that high because my lips vibrate mm-hmm
no calm yeah calm I'm not giving myself
that one we're rounding us up in total
then from the previous one as well show
me my results what 14 out of 24 oh wait
now I got eight last time did not all
got 12 last time arts all right eight
last time six this time could be better
could be worse 14 out of 24 though
that's all right I'm I'm proud of myself
for that you guys should try it as well
like because it's fun like it's just a
lot harder than you think it is
obviously evidently by hope you did
enjoy this video if you give a big
thumbs up and I'll see you beautiful
people tomorrow bye
