hello what is up still haven't really
nailed an intro just go over whatever I
fancy on the day you guys may remember
this do you remember I made a video with
Tyler Oakley about two two and a half
years ago reading fanfiction and then we
reacted to it and we like made a story
about it and it's one of my favorite
videos and it blew the internet away if
you don't want to say and it was like
first youtuber fanfics video ever done
as well so now we become the first
people to do it just ran out there and I
have never looked at fanfiction since
that I thought this could may be a fun
little series I don't know how it's
going to go so bear with me I'm gonna
read a fanfiction
about me never read it before and read
it with you guys together like a little
story time could be really weird just
throwing out there I'm using Wattpad and
last time I actually looked on Wattpad
there's the youtubers a Marcus Butler
fanfic which has five hundred and forty
thousand reads that honestly blows my
mind
you know quite flattered someone has
written that with me in there but yeah
anyway there is this one is positive a
Marcus Butler fanfic yeah we are gonna
just see what happens basically
this is my first ever fan fiction I've
ever wrote and the first creation on
Wattpad I've made so bear with me please
ready boys and girls moms dads grandmas
granddad's whoever watches me Leila are
you ready
I look to my mother standing with Pat
boxes beside her in the hallway hi
as you probably guessed my name is Leila
Leila Middleton rose I'm an average 19
year old girl who works in a coffee shop
ooh exciting yep
I move in moving from my home in Bristol
to Brighton I don't want to move I have
my friends here my job my boyfriend
Harry flash back I can't leave you Harry
I've got only just got you and now I'm
losing you calm down Shh
can you stay here or something because I
I have no money to stay here Harry
I cried even more no I sounded like a
bitch you bit trailer I think I best go
I got up to leave but Harry grabbed my
wrist and pulled me in ten I rested my
head on his shoulder and sobbed Shh baby
don't leave we can work through this
promise I promise later end a flashback
Oh back to being in the house now yes
just let me make sure I looked around my
empty room one last time disclaimer this
story has quite a few spelling
punctuation issues so it's not the best
the only reason I haven't took it down
is because a lot of you enjoyed it and
are still reading otherwise this would
be long gone
just thought I plant fine warned you so
you don't have to add more more comments
on errors or how about the story is
planned out great
I want to get into like the socks a bit
hey sleepyhead you slept the whole car
journey I mumbled out oh I followed my
mom with a few boxes she guided me up
the new house one new message from hurry
hey babe
I'm missing you I'm the heard from you
all day is everything okay quite
dramatic isn't it I mean she's only just
left Bristol doesn't they got it's about
a two-hour drive a bit bitch dramatic
Harry I typed in a short sentence as a
reply saying I loved him and it's been
busy moving into the new house first
thing I needed to do here in Brighton
dot dot get a job a slash n sorry for
the short chapter I know it's still
boring but I need to build up the story
before the good bits
imagine if light at the bottom of like
any book you buy is just like sorry for
the boring chapters need to build
Oh Iria
I'm getting excited after I packed a few
things I decided to go and get some food
my mother was talking to our new
neighbors so I decided to take her car
you bloody rebel Leila I drove to
Starbucks to my annoyance they spelled
my name as Leila with a why holy shit
hey mum I heard talking rooms I headed
that way I saw a woman and a man got
married couple and a boy about my age
they were all deep in conversation and
me being myself I turned to walk away
well I tried I turned around and walked
my mum oh hi my name is Leila and sorry
mom lovely neighbors know a good coffee
shop that some Marcus here was going to
take you and help you buy some stuff to
decorate your room lost her out okay
shit I don't know this kid thank you but
I've tried most coffee shops they said
no I was saying before my mum cut me off
just try again okay in an awkward mum
there I had to agree in the end marks
and I walk to the car him driving me in
the passenger seat that sounds like an
innuendo in itself sorry sorry sorry
that's okay
sorry you don't have to do this oh my
god hey it's not that dramatic you're
just going out into town I know but I
want to okay he spoke his eyes still on
the road
Lalah my friends have texted to meet me
at Starbucks is it all right if we go
sure why not I smiled at him he smiled
back and winked damn this boy was cute
no you have a boyfriend later we headed
to Starbucks and marks and I ordered
drinks what's great for his friends then
a girl and boy hand-in-hand walked in
Alfie mate how you did marks goes up to
hugger tall boy and her dark hair and
green eyes you must be Layla right I
didn't even notice the pretty girl who
stood next Alfie was talking to me until
she sat down in the opposite seat you
are I smiled back Zoe I'm also a
youtuber like Marx and Alfie oh cool I
guess a lot of marks his friends are
youtubers right there's a party of mine
tonight about 8:00 and your coming-out
photos you took a sip of his iced coffee
sure so Markus said at the same time hey
you coming right Markus said poking my
arm here you coming right Layla
I'd love to but I don't want to feel
like I'm annoying you all you got to
have some more conference love if you're
being invited to a party you flippin go
of course not Layla you aren't being
annoying at all please come Zoe beamed
okay I guess I smile back at everyone
marks and walk to mind to pick me up as
I don't know where Alfie lives as I was
getting my bag ready my phone went off
in Harry's face flashed up on my phone
screen quickly grab the phone and answer
hey babe how are you I heard a Snoopy
voice Pete I'm good I miss you so much I
spoke as tears picked corners approached
corners of my eyes miss you more bear
more like a grizzly bear I was thinking
of coming down to you this weekend my
brown bear it doesn't say my brown bear
I added that bit really I can't wait
ring you later lots more details yet I
excitedly beamed down the phone time
love you and with that he hung up I was
excited to see him heard at the knock at
the door so I rushed downstairs he never
said he wore glasses I must have been
staring for a while because marks
cleared his throat and chuckled you look
sign by the way they linked my arm with
Marcus and he kissed my cheek there's a
slight problem Marcus doesn't know about
Harry oh well oh this is slowing special
right now I'm quite enjoying that I
don't know if that was really boring
like maybe some of you of you even read
this I have no idea but I'm having fun
reading it but I don't know if you guys
want me to continue the story in the
same kind of manner that I have here so
if you do want me to give the video a
thumbs up and let me know in the
comments maybe we'll have a part two
then we'll find out what happened to
Marcus and Layla
