hi how's it going welcome back today I'm
alone really one of this I've got a few
like weird popcorn flavors I don't know
they meant to be nice but they don't
sound nice to me okay
now obviously this is my second channel
sometimes some of you guys are like why
is this why you doing this video like
this channel we did never heard you so
don't think you sound like that more
Marcus is a place for putting up random
little videos for whatever I want to do
ever it's a challenge whether it's
something trying something like whatever
and then my main channel is kept for
sketches and just bigger projects like
that like rap video and like all that
kind of stuff so yeah that's with more
mas and some vlogs and whatever I want
to put on this channel bass yeah I
really enjoy doing it have fun doing it
I love doing yes Beach over okay so it's
called gourmet popcorn
oh la la la la okay so we have got white
truffle bliss and all that one rogue
blue cheese personally myself I'm not a
cheese fan in the sense that not that I
don't I don't really eat cheese anyway
but if and when I do it's always like
cheddar or Eden I've never been into my
cheese's like oh yeah the cheese board
pleased with the moldy Stilton please
aren't that one that smells divine
smells so great I'll take that and eat
that that's never been me so the thought
of eating rogue blue cheese popcorn
isn't blue cheese just like mold Oh
truffles earth it I say that nice I this
is just me being like you guys are gonna
be living in Merc is your day like
picking but truf I'm not a big mushroom
fan so truffle mushrooms truffle sauce
although truffle you know debatable it's
alright and dice a blue cheese like just
opening that
at all time I'm going the truffle well I
should like that buy down here we go
trouble no come on come on hmm this
should be nice this should be nice many
of you watching this like truffle is my
favorite thing in the world
ah ah
that is very strong truffle it's kind of
I'm also filming this like really early
in the morning so having truffle in the
morning is that is that normal like when
I think of truffle it's always like oh
yes I'll have the steak with the fancy
truffle sauce please
oh bloody hell that stings I just picked
this up of a massive what for that oh
man it's open but it stinks
I hate cheesiness that smells atrocious
guys I'm just gonna get one out just get
one out just get out I've got the big
literary I couldn't I've got to join
together like why would you want to eat
something that smells that bad like that
smells that bad don't put it in your
body okay three two one oh that is
absolutely disgusting I'm sorry I hate
you know a lot of things on this channel
so far for me that is the worst is
straight up the worst I would 100% take
any one of those disgusting jelly beans
over that any day well hope you guys
enjoyed this video
haha this isn't me just like sex being a
light wind poor got that actually
is disgusting I actually all right there
yeah yeah I don't know why I've got so
much enthusiasm flat but I hope you
enjoyed it and I'll see you people
tomorrow with another video
