oh Christmas it is Christmas Eve right
now lots of you probably at home with
your families with the people you love
about to celebrate and have a really fun
day and I just wanted to give you a nice
little Christmas send-off and leading
into the new year and basically round up
Christmas Eve it's just a really quick
video just wanting to wish you happy
Christmas you have a lovely time I hope
you eat lots of amazing food like if
you're gonna eat a lot of food Christmas
is the time to do it I hope you spend
lots of time with family friends loved
ones pets and you get everything that
you wished for but also Christmas isn't
just about gang it's mainly about giving
so give something that you've thought
about to someone you love and see their
reaction because that's the best thing
about it yeah there won't be a video on
here tomorrow because it's Christmas but
or there might be a few over the next
you know a few weeks but yes I just want
to send this message to you guys
wishing you a happy Christmas Merry
Christmas but yeah I just wanted to send
this video out to you guys wishing you a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
there we go I will see you after
Christmas bye
