my Christmas jumper is the best thing in
the world I'm basically elf unhappy
welcome to another Christmas episode
christmas is here Christmas Christmas
Christmas Christmas today I'm doing a
include the Christmas theme tune
challenge move for movies so obviously
Christmas films have songs as well see
crisp sometime movies Christmas films
have songs those songs again repaid to
me I have to guess the film from those
songs got it you guys can play along to
fun Christmas challenge leg out don't do
that again home loan is it oh my days we
have got a real elf in the house love
this though Harry Potter this Christmas
yeah every year a photo Christmas film
because it is going in the film oh oh
hang on a minute there's snow in the
film it's a Christmas bill the Snowman
yeah I love this
scry to fatty ideal of business no man
what's this what is this I know this
i've seen it what is it not before
christmas oh I've actually just saying I
such a good film this film always makes
me quite this is a film I always quiet
this is the ending someone everyone's
running out the airport and hug game
like oh I'm watching I've actually
tonight much Sam oh all right with the
pores I'm gonna cry
oh what is it every Scissorhands oh
you walking it here no you're doing
really good son he's like my dear and
why he sure yeah yeah but it's just like
materiality there we go that is that I
absolutely nailed some of those I only
didn't get to how many did you guys get
let me know in the comments and i hope
you enjoyed this video have a good
Christmas Merry Christmas I love you and
I will see you tomorrow bye whoa
