hello everybody and welcome to an
episode of seeing if Marcus shits
himself I tweeted asking Swann some
scary videos are from you guys and this
is one that looked I get to do but I
haven't looked at it yet so I don't
really know if it's any good to do I
still don't know why whispering it's
good the interrogation chamber so if you
guys to get a sense what this is about
as well I want you to play along this
with me so you have to put some
headphones but you don't have to but
it's best if you can put some headphones
on if you've got some and then you can
basically watch and hear the same sounds
that I'm going to be hearing because it
only works with headphones right but it
doesn't only matter paralyze it works a
lot better with headphones and make sure
that the left and right is on the right
way so yeah that's a quick little intro
and it may you may get scared so if you
don't like to get yourself go away it's
not that scary it's more just creepy and
like a weird sensation but yeah let's
begin
Media Lab it presents the interrogation
chamber you will soon hear a play in
binaural 3d sound please note that this
purely fictional play contains some
pretty scary and violent scenes do not
listen to it if these things can be bad
for you hearing the 3d sound effect is
easy you just have to put on a pair of
earphones for full effect
close your eyes turn off the fill
opacity sign up Eliza's closure i
just--can what arrogation chamber oh oh
my god okay that was a noise that this
died in my ear I thought oh yeah oh yeah
yes so scared oh this is horrible just
just don't say a word
shut up you see Hungarian scum Sascha
features that there is his two days ago
he's got them Americans under torture
people
oh he's creepy knowledgeable oh I pay
you can make this
Commons Bruno please assume your
position in the corner you know I'm
right
while I talk on u.s. 30 speaking oh yeah
you are like oh this is so weird I feel
like I'm in the room with these people I
haven't wanted to speak with you for
quite some time now how the mind deform
bet you didn't expect to end up like
this huh you have been down here a long
time
you must be publicly speaking in my ear
let me get you some more I don't want
some water
want to get out of here it's possible
but what can you do in this country is
so weird
honestly Hong Kong if he shouts in my
only mature there is only enough for me
sorry nice prick I'm tough
bolla it's raining sticky rice - why
should I do the same did he just call
his still water delicious huh where did
I come from
well you're gonna have to do
which many you went through nothing
who do you work for science I hope I'm
going to close mines recital answer that
question fortunately we are ways to make
people talk around here brew has brought
some toys back from the old country
oh it's Ken what what kind of toys is he
gonna saw me open with you really high
so much for taking his gruesome about
bad business I needed to show from
Detroit Bruno open the cage William cage
okay boss oh it's hurt he rapes a bear
with his hands that he just said yes
buzz oh I hope you guys always chance of
had fans as well
oh guy still isn't the only I'm talking
about err ain't much of you not much you
either nothing on my screen of you
you're the silent type right they're all
silent in the beginning Oh like my wife
but they're all silent in the end like
my wife so we've got some Tories here
from home country
oh nice nice hahaha
it's so creepy sounds legit you just
said whispering I'm gonna cut you dead
in my ear it's losing it but first I'm
going to cut your hand wait said that
was oh you thought that the first thing
that I was going to do was to stab you
now
I like to play with my food I was baking
a food Keith great down here I'm picking
my hands I got all day Mel maybe the
cheese great would be - no no - juicy
yeah - juicy this is the way it is then
no I know a song you know what a thought
not a nor swords
oh wait hang on a second hey halt coming
on over haven't you just not in that way
Oh now before you see the light you must
die
ah what the
literature satsang was murdered in front
of me
I'm ply sweating oh man I got to get out
of here
do I get saved sure we gotta get out of
everyone I don't run from bullies
bullies run from me
oh wow just a second to breathe I don't
really know what I was expecting that
was the strangest thing I've ever
experienced but if you got I don't know
how this is gonna come across but that's
just weird it felt like and I'm with a
camera if you have to sit over your eyes
close as well I felt that I was in that
room with those people and the sound
with these is mental it's the weirdest
weirdest thing and obviously I was
getting scared here and there so that
was a it was fun to do that almost felt
like I was doing a game walkthrough with
you like hopefully a lot of you haven't
done that so you can play it along with
me and like watch headphones and also
react with me that's what I wanted to
get out of it I guess now that I've done
it now I know what it is and but yeah I
hope you enjoyed this video I might have
scared some of you but give it a thumbs
up if you did enjoy it and you want me
to do some more kind of scary stuff and
I will see you guys tomorrow bye
