hello it's me that's a very good intro
for this video because I'm doing
something called the how many of 2015
top-selling singles can you hum so
that's obviously why in turn like that
first up Adele on this is really gonna
embarrass me I wasn't it Adele
now that one hozier take me to church
all wise things are gonna sound the same
right judge I'm giving myself to tick so
far
love me like you do I'm so good at this
are you going to highlight I've got the
weirdest humming face I look like I'm
constipated yeah give myself that no
yeah I mean no one scoring me other than
me
uptown fun that is good see you again
with Khalifa
my eyebrows just go like this humming
yeah I give myself that cheerleader
cheerleader I can't remember cheerleader
throughout without playing it I can't
give myself that one glean on major late
others no there's too many songs here is
that how bad to breathe when you look in
your eyes if you could see my whole hand
movements I've got this huh I thought
when I'm humming I have to like do this
to follow the song ah ten years and
years okay I don't I'm not I can't this
I'm not giving myself this one in my
head I think I sound really good I know
I probably sound horrific sugar marine
five semi Adam Adam Levine cuz he sings
like this other time you got the sugar
Oh sugar oak from thinking out loud edge
here
alright I'm gonna do this last one and
then if you guys like it I'll do a part
two if you don't you'll never hear me
hum again Jess Glynne and hold my hand I
obviously know you just learner's
without hearing that song I'm gonna have
to sorry more marks bye oh yeah
I've got eight out of three six nine I'm
on eight out of 12 so far alright
hopefully I did well if you did enjoyed
this horrific humming video that I have
now given you then give the video a
thumbs up I just punch myself in the
channel and I'll see you people tomorrow
bye
