hello today you are gonna find out the
truth about my age don't dawn dawn it is
currently my birthday but at the time
you're watching it it's not when I'm
filming this it's not but I tell you
when you're watching this it's my
birthday
yay celebrations
so obviously this video goes well with
that I don't know I'm pointing so much
but yeah you were gonna find out the
truth about my age which best describes
your weekly alcohol consumption habits
and a picture of McLovin 12 greens
average most of which you severely
regret the next day 12 drinks average
but consumed in a period of two days a
lot probably why we can't it depends but
you pretty much only drink wine and
drinks related situation co-worker
powered invoices I don't really drink
that much maybe I'm gonna go 12 drinks
average but consumed in a period of two
days so I personally I'm not really like
a casual drinker but I don't really like
to just go out and just be like yeah
let's just have a few drinks so if I
drink I'll get drunk drunk on happiness
you've been invited to a friend's
birthday a party birthday fire barn it
starts at 9:30 p.m. you have no problem
declining the invite why would you do
that you'll be there but probably sharp
blade you think oh my god what is wrong
with this person why so late but you put
on a good face 9:30 for a part yet bar
isn't late you show up at 9th day on the
door and you're out the door by 10 cool
beans man that's why I do it
who is your best friend your coworker
you get buzzed with several nights a
week
best friends singular you have like a
couple your s Oh what does that mean the
person you met when you're 24 oh I'm not
24 yet well technically oh don't want to
give it away
I don't know what you're s o stands for
so I'm gonna go best friends singular
you have like a couple so dude I got a
few or a few best friends here and there
how in shape for you you guys can get a
VIP ticket - Vogon drew how in shape you
you're training for a half marathon
spree decent know you've never worked
out but you're thinking about starting
shape more high top nine great shape but
you wouldn't know for
looking at me everything hurts all the
time away does that mean because you
work out a lot or because you don't work
out a lot you know I'm I'm you know I'm
into my fitness you guys know I'm into
my health or go to the gym so I'm gonna
say I'm training for a half marathon I'm
not but that is the only thing that's
yeah
what is sassy magazine knockoff bleakly
the cool teenage magazine you are
slightly too old to read the last cool T
I've never heard of it what question
mark yeah do you think you're old
no which social network do you prefer
Facebook none Twitter Tumblr Instagram
my favorite element is definitely the
Twitter Instagram probably probably
Instagram right now what drink you're
the follow me at my sparkler what drink
you're at a bar rum and coke rum and
Diet Coke white wine a craft beer club
soda out of all of those not really if
I'm out drinking I would get a gin and
tonic maybe a craft beer so go craft
beer hey do you have an extra $1,000
what do you do with the money we all
rode a black baby that's not even an
option put it towards paying off your
credit card you take your trip somewhere
fun with friends put it in savings you
buy bet from West Elm you'll probably
end up spending on shoes and Apple
products and then wonder where it went
yes that is probably me no to be fair
I'm usually quite good with money I'd
put in savings is that's not fun like
it's important and you should do that
that's what I do but we're just this you
know we're young we're gonna be a bit
fun with this so I'm gonna say you take
trips on my phone my friends doing
absolutely nothing is nice but
impossible a dream come true great but
being lazy gets to you not cool boring
doing absolutely nothing is nice but
impossible that's long anyway which
extravagance is most necessary in your
life
dry cleaning organic foods wine club
clothing Starbuck Ganic foods sorry
cougar Ashley all clothing
mmm clothing I could do that organic
food you know I'm not that 12 your goal
for the next year is to stay out of
trouble to quit your job in some
spectacular viral video fashion oh
that would be bad wouldn't it hi guys
I'm quitting the internet by to take
more time off to make it through a life
to buy a house full set horse at first I
was like that is one that is my goal -
it buy a horse
take more time off literally get get the
 out how how that's someone
is watching me through BuzzFeed Arnie
someone is watching me through this
screen taking this quiz right now come
fear that can literally feel them or
know how life is simultaneously awesome
and miserable for you
great it's a proper coaster of emotion
fantastic and a picture of Taylor Swift
that I'm still weirded out way up but I
hope you like this video it is my
birthday so I thought it went well with
that I will see you people tomorrow with
another video
goodbye bye bye bye bye
