what is that beautiful people welcome
back to my favorite series on this
channel which is youtuber baby photos or
celebrity baby photos we're on till at
number four now I'm just going to keep
doing them because I like doing them I
don't really care if you don't like them
I like doing them so I'm lucky
oh yeah it's probably going to stage now
we're obviously the first people we've
done and I obviously don't know this
we've got they've always been like the
people that I know the best closest to
me so that the more that we do it gets I
favor and further away from the people I
actually properly know I could end up
being really really this time but
here we go dying off with this lovely
little girl she looks so cute okay this
I'm just gonna throw this out there this
could be wrong is that bethany mota
is that bethany mota oh my god he
started off well straight in one nail
absolute legend almost as good as a
Liverpool Football Club here he is
stepping up to the plate what a lad it's
going for the trophy an arm workout oh
another way of noise is that who are you
I've really really recognized this boy
and this picture doesn't like that
longer like it's not like this person's
like 25 or 30 this is like a this is
like an 18 year old 19 year old boy
there gamer ah don't know who this is
it's not PewDiePie does look a bit like
PewDiePie are those cool as me they
cooler
Hampi British man oh that was a music
double or is this another youtuber who's
actually a celebrity Thanks
that was in the music scene this person
just she double I know this is this is
Joella
yes well our well yeah mm-hmm
the donor why that I mean I think that's
what he does yeah that's why his cheap
little mouth who's like that still his
mouth now obviously it's still his mouth
now flycatchers well not intentions may
dojo mate so if you want to go Jim do
some bicep curls broke lift ATK's mate
Oh who's this guy see your crop is he
got lizard on its top oh my god he's got
those glasses as well like if you drop
they hang on your neck key this is a get
this is a gamer
there's no gamer that's not that's not
Shane Dawson is that Shane Dawson what
what a legendary guess right there from
the man himself Marcus Butler I mean to
be fair Shane Shane Dawson is I was
honestly like one of my inspirations
when I started YouTube and stuff so I
might may I like watch others video so I
may have seen that at somewhere some
stage but like yeah he used to be like a
number one inspiration I'm just on form
like a top top form today
oh not sure about this person it's a
female this person is British do you
know how no she's British because that
is such a British school photo like
every person who is who ever had photos
at that age I had one like that had that
weird blue like funny background like
I've got a picture of that background
and that red that red is that is just
British school clothes don't know is
though on who that is
that's Louise springle glitter is that
do you know what I was looking at those
eyes I was glaring at the eyes and then
I was just like mmm and then I saw Darcy
right through the eyes that's really
rude she that's Darcy
that's Louise but I can sum can I have a
trophy you're annoying I'm doing really
well honestly like unstoppable there I'm
a beast
like this is such like that the babies
trying to take selfie themselves and
it's like oh man I don't know it's going
on this is a boy or a girl boy boy okay
is this could be really really random is
this Freddie Wong I saw that I was like
that could be fairly want I so odd
because when if when they're that young
like school pictures and like when their
fuse oldest but this is it you got a
couple of months old baby maybe about
eight months - no man no ryan higa not
someone called KevJumba no i'm mister
Uthoff ma ma ma ma yeah ma
markiplier that is not mark plier is it
I mean it may well be but I don't know
that mug briar whoo-hoo and there we go
youtuber baby photos numeral four that's
not saying it's number four but I really
really hope you guys like this one I
obviously mailed it like I've got to get
a trophy at some point because mr.
legend so if you guys wanna give me a
trophy then of course feel free to also
if I haven't done any of your youtubers
that you like leave them in the comments
give the video a thumbs up and I will
see you tomorrow bye
