hello how are you doing you can
obviously see that I'm SAT here wearing
my festive jumper this is why my
favorite jumpers I've actually got real
real tinsel but that is Rio Tinto that
you rode me that's pretty impressive and
i have a new haircut as well just and
out there as well so over the last
twenty three Christmases that I've
experienced I've had some great presents
and some terrible presents seeing
there's a time that loads you will be by
presence and thinking of present ideas
and stuff like that for your friends
family pets whatever i thought i would
share some my good and some of my not so
good present ideas with you presents
presents presents presents presents
presents presents presents presents
presents presents presents song off of a
good present number one the beats pill
plus speaker I got this the other day
and I am absolutely in love with it
using this the other day worked out
really well when we shoot my music video
which if you follow me on twitter i'm
sure you're well aware about but we had
this playing the new song literally the
whole day whilst I and the featured
artist we're doing the song can I just
personally say I think this is the
coolest thing about so you can listen to
the sound when you turn it on hmm
there's so cool that noise just means
its case to my phone There is obviously
only one song that you can play when it
comes playing my song off of this yeah
maki bubba on the track
now I can just stop it like that and one
of the good things about that is the
sound quality it basically is very
adaptive so it changes for each song and
it basically is not your back in the
studio making your beats and tracks like
a real rapper like me and also the style
is very very sexy-looking it feels
really nice it's just an all-round
pretty awesome present I would say so
that's my first present moving on to
give you some advice on the first bad
present maybe you shouldn't do have you
ever thought about buying someone cheese
you know if it's specially like a dad or
a more like a grandparent and they
really really love their cheese yeah I
mean it's a great present idea loads of
people love cheese but don't be too
prepared don't go out there and buy it
oh yeah be really nice i'll just leave
in the fridge for two weeks because
let's be honest that cheese is gonna go
off and it is going to stink very very
badly when it comes to giving in the
present moving on to number two good
present everyone obviously loves a
christmas sandwich but have you ever
experienced a true marking but but
christmas sandwich you will need one
slice of
right Cale just let it fall gently on
top of the bread anymore and just gently
let those quinoa balls bounce off the
plate a handful of pewter or berries yes
very little pop of coconut oil
lovely haha
and finish your love tacky Merry
Christmas bad present number two never
do this oh here we go Merry Christmas ah
thank you it's still very doesn't know
I'm so excited you're gonna love this
just that lump of coal yeah did you get
me oh you've been a naughty boy this
year haven't you yes you have no have a
good present number three if you've ever
left it to the last minute literally
Christmas Eve and you happen to have a
whole load of wrapping paper spare this
is what you need to do no como poner una
bone a bone oponopono puma puma puma
puma hombres present this Christmas is
family hello i'm new human Christmas
present
every rose verse bad present number
three is something we all need if
something we all use every day it's
comforting adaptable to pretty much any
situation whether you just shed it here
or experienced the hottest curry of your
life and it keeps you clean I have you
guess what it is yet I'd be any of you
five seconds four three two brilliant
toilet roll if you really bring the hair
there if you really are running out of
ideas just use that explanation that I
said because everyone needs a bit of
this in their life right well there we
go those are my fantastic christmas
present ideas and also my not so
fantastic christmas present ideas so i
hope you managed to take something away
from this whether it's a great idea for
someone or you've learned of something
not to do for someone either way i hope
you enjoyed it give the video a thumbs
up if you have and i will see you
beautiful people tomorrow goodbye and if
you do want to use those bad present for
anyone give someone you don't like
