yo what is up people welcome to the
final day of the grand tour I'm very
very excited we're here in Mexico City
and it is the big final competition
winner is going to be announced today as
you can see here is the Grand Tour Jezza
little rich James and a little monkey
down there as you're well aware this
whole trip is in relation to the show
coming out season 2 new episodes every
Friday you can watch on amazon prime
video that is the reason why i was
taking part out that is the reason why i
want to win so we're up against the
mexican germans everything so far to
this point is scrapped points got us
here with the fuel etc team uk's gotta
do it i have no idea what we're doing
there's going to be a whole bunch of
different challenges
whoever raised to the top the mountain
first you don't pay permit yeah you got
this you reckon you got this guy's I
just bought a Twitter DM from the Grand
Tour hookah welcome home to sunny Mexico
teams congratulations for securing
enough GT points to qualify for the
final challenge here in Mexico City is a
race to the top of Val de Brava as a
reward for accumulating the most points
thus far you have choice of transport
the choices are as follows first bus
Mike but be warned each mode of
transport isn't as simple as it seems
the first team to the top of Valda Bravo
Mountain will be declared the winner of
the Grand Tour Alex you got first choice
I'm definitely going by foot
knowing my zero into driving foot all
the way I'm gonna take bike because I
can zip through traffic yeah
phillotson groceries
j'adore you going he saw sucking she's
put a nice or whatever you saying nice
things
hi feeling
in the locker I think it's harder the
whole thing
there guys
that's good fast
he'll get you brenton but I'm very
sweaty yeah
back in the corridor usually Gordo game
again I think me behind you need to make
some time up
oh yeah seriously you haven't go out the
way I want Enzo
can't you put this on the bone
to do whatever any well we're gonna set
the scariest bit was the same boat
Selita Selita exit this way yeah which
way Selena I don't know how to reverse
to push you iving in Mexico how you
finding it catch them up Marcus come on
mate
so marks has been on the motorway for
about half an hour now how you fighting
the car with knives
you see that
so you guys are just racing up the
mountain to get to the podium and now
we're here and that's how you get down
what it was your thoughts on brand talk
I can just tell you I am so angry it's
ending right now I think I'm gonna cry
later on tonight for sure I mean I'm
being serious great times people flow
your thoughts on the Grand Tour I never
knew like grits could be so nice I had
an amazing time
I'm so sad tomorrow it's like a field
trip
what did you guys think of the Grand
Tour T Marcus from today's challenge hey
boss but even though I'm really
competitive I'm happy I'm about to throw
myself away in a safe way no you know
made lots of friends
