hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today if you are new to the
channel welcome subscribe click the
button just down there subscribe I post
videos every day
welcome to the journey the more Marcus
journey that we're on today's video is
going to be non part two but we've done
more kind of is apart two pranks on
YouTube prank is a huge unusual as many
pranks or I've done a few pranks there's
some people that just have prank
channels it is a huge huge thing a lot
of you know that what you might not know
basically a lot of people face their
audience into believing that the pranks
they do are real and capitalizing off
that yeah early on it's all
entertainment whatever cool but we're
going to be looking at some pranks and
seeing it whether they are real or fake
and going in that way first up one of my
absolute favorite channels is prank
invasion top quality content usually
really real prank and just a great guy
though it is his name Chris so our guy
Chris or something like or Adam this
forty five million views kissing prank
gay addition sixty six thousand dislikes
have a little look what prank invasions
up to
all right so I had my gay that is Chris
we pick up an outfit that fits the gay
stereotype this is what we've come up
with oh my god is this person living in
in today's current world or is he from
fucking 50 years ago what on earth is he
talking about I did he just lit do the
actually I've had my gay friend come and
pick me out a gay outfit which fits the
gay stereotype
fuck you put on an outfit that's basic
they're like oh my god is this guy
anything actually for real quite a
pistol looking like this right it's so
funny you are so frickin adorable I
think we should play a little game for a
kiss
are you down yeah okay
and craziness 3000
what is he doing
it's the same thing right let's just
call it out of it back to being a prank
no one in this video is being pranked
every single thing is serpent's aged so
it's not a prank and not that's the best
of that's the real reason we're making
this video isn't it to see what prank
was a very or not where is the prank
what what are you doing your pain goes
to lick your face
and it just turns into like soft porn
like he turns the girls in get their ass
and gives a little squidge he's just
creepy could you imagine having to make
out with him those poor girls
god I can't the alleging I'll do I'm not
really gay but we'd hang out shit man
did you see her reaction there when he
said that she was like you are so funny
really look at this look at this
reaction from how you ready I'm not
really good she's like hang out come
here give me a number okay okay this is
so fake but okay you are actually
gorgeous
I know I know you're here lovely how
it's go get involved as well Jesus he
continued levels that you're guessing
but I wanted to know you want to play a
quick game for a quick quick kiss that
is great action by her can we just look
at look at how low eyebrow raises that
you want to play a quick game low-bred
quick quick
forget the game Justin fuck sake do we
need to sit through the rest of this
video so they got is late no you didn't
quite get Iost go straight the crack
there and said yes round yeah lovely
yeah that's the turn and there's the leg
up that is that is prank invasion Matt
and I it's your mom
yeah it's like a liquid game with you
and if I beat you I get to kiss your
daughter really quick okay no one's
mum's doing that all day
no one's mom is being asked a question
they're just going sure like a slap your
hand I get to kiss your daughter a bit
it may take you again I have one try I
want you to see what they ask you our
courses get afraid I've never seen a
more automotive moral component on
YouTube
what is going on in there we go so
sloppy his kisses as on okay are you
down oh yes all right you're giving him
this is a slap in okay if I just flatten
him I really hope that young people
don't watch this video
like I really hope it's not inspiring
like young guys young boys to be like
look how easy it is to like go and pick
up girls and they go to Venice Beach and
attempt to do this because they will get
fucking they will get slapped I went I
honestly would not be surprised if this
guy tries to direct porn movies on the
side of YouTube that's basically what it
is we are here at this time I'm not
really gay by the way kicking in over
here as well
well on my second channel my Kris Munroe
kissing channel I dressed up sorry
disease disable the second channel Kris
Munroe
kissing channel Wow ah okay sorry
well that was very real wasn't very very
real that guy loves those videos makes
video yes laughs yes girls will do
anything for money
social experiments gone too far so what
he doesn't hear Wow how'd you know I was
gonna ask your number once you coming
you do right there you gonna beat me up
no so I mean I don't know it's going
this feels real so quite like it well if
it's that thing it's very good acting
the conversation the beats the lines it
feels like a real conversation so far no
offence well was it nice - do they mad I
know it looks like but a single chances
with a prank album fuck if she not seen
the camera like that looks like they're
about three meters away
alright I will leave then
okay dropped some money on the floor are
you doing Oh what are you making we
should write where why going so well the
practice going so well no one responds
like that they just don't fight you give
me back in I see why do you want to go
to my car okay the ideas they have like
when people make these videos this like
females are stupid and incapable of just
like doing anything that isn't money
orientated as' it just annoys me so much
why there is a door lock very I'm sorry
to say this but I saw this coming from a
mile away
and I don't take all the litter yeah oh
the first thing like that was when but
tirely did that video went viral with a
girl in a Ferrari he feel like he was
the first one to do that and that was
whether that was fake or not I don't
know but that was like oh shit this is a
list of thing it got so many views Oh
will everyone from this channel how far
will girls go for money social
experiment showing that's another thing
isn't it if it's like no prank is a
social experiment is it is it a social
experiment or is it you making YouTube
videos reviews or is it that excuse me
hey are white walking by self
why not hold on shut up real
conversation no I'm no no respond move
because you're creepy like straight away
with a you just wouldn't I just think
you're really pretty I was wonder if you
want to hang out tonight I can't breathe
I had to run after you know why not I
don't know you words you are you walking
by yourself then
well I'm going to go meet him yeah she
just looked around she'd probably be
like oh why why is there a person
standing there filming us right now he's
only about 5 meters but it's not
creeping you out is that weird
oh no I didn't seem because I know we're
filming a prank video got it cool
I don't why okay I have was in Vegas
stays in Vegas right okay oh yeah all
right how about you'd be a little nice
and follow me on Instagram can you at
least do that don't be so mean I know
you got a mad and I respect that
do you I know you've got a man I respect
that well you clearly don't if it was
real she's like I have a boyfriend and
you're like oh my girl's gonna follow me
I don't respect him Lane you walk by
yourself you're to like I mean sighs I
know look at the camera though like a
shambo's nice just a minute
ready oh there it is as the eyes why do
you have so many followers what happened
why are you filming followers I mean I'm
a youtuber actor here and there around
cool guy what happened I really oh my
god we should really get to know each
other hmm
whoa are you serious said it about your
boyfriend no we should only god
yeah we should we should go home wait to
go home we should go we should go how
about your man no it doesn't matter
yeah I'm sorry I'm not fucking gold
digger you can go you meteor sad man
well dies legit real cool I really
inspiring
it's just shit not everything about it
only as well he's like yeah don't know
gold diggers like dude you got doesn't
even mean sent gold digger followers
it's not same thing was having followers
Glens of money me nothing I would be
embarrassed to like scientists you can
call it that idea let alone actually
film it actually edited actually
uploaded trying to trick people awkward
there we go that is kind of a part to to
more my guess most so all those in my
opinion are fake to some extent I'd love
to know what your thoughts are on any of
those videos what do you think about
pranks in general share your comments
down below give you their tons of enjoy
de and I will see you tomorrow with
another video all right
got caught up on that was a fake prank
was a nice need hit map off my legs
alright see you guys tomorrow bye
