hello hello everybody I have got a uh
what's it called in scores at maracas
tell that musical instruments good you
know when you're in school in your music
lessons and you teach or just hand you
that like massive wooden thing with
beads and you just sit there like I
don't have one of those in my hand what
I do have in my hands is five of these
now these are some of the strangest
bubblegum flavors I can find on the
Internet I have five flavors here and
I'm just gonna try them basically so we
have got a cool bubble gum flavor it's
not it's not gonna be nice is it oh this
sounds really good cinema glim popcorn
and cola gumballs bacon gumballs not
really sure how said about bacon isn't
something I sort of put in your mouth
for me like oh yeah that's a nice like
fresh element um no TV dinner gumballs
roast beef apple cobbler and buttered
corn I don't even want to try that one
and then wasabi Gumbo's oh hello
should we start solving it really smell
so nice and neatly laid out inside I
must have man oh here we go
wasabi gumball oh oh
ha ha ha oh then my tooth still there
why did it crack so loud very stale oh
my god that is actual that it takes up a
lot more sorry my mouth oh absolutely
disgusting
I hate Mesabi as well why who surely
people don't eat these like as a Oh God
now that this is still there that it's
really off state
oh no more you tree the worth it
intensifies next up bacon Oh Oh like a
guy's it's like 9 o'clock in the morning
right now I'm not entirely sure I won't
be eating bacon gumballs to be
completely on
ah it's not even ah it's like fishy
bacon well as where's it because we have
bubblegum it creates so much saliva and
then you end up like you have to
obviously swallow that and it's just
like bacon wasabi flavored spit dimes
Fallone hey is he uh uh I need some
actual chewing gum here to get rid of
these disgusting flavors pickle running
the pickles all I can think of his tylo
his song he has like a pickle song
doesn't he's like yeah a pickle and he
eat it don't like that look at the color
of those oh that is the Hoover just in
the background in case there's any over
loud noises
there you go pickle let's do this oh why
I'm so hard that night Wow oh no oh wait
you changed a bit like normal bubble gum
it says that normal well we run just as
if it has had like a bit of grass
spurring him on that I could do this
that this is fine it's absolutely fine I
quite enjoy this one this is actually
yeah this is good I like this I played
that oh look that was a bit nice last -
oh look at that what is on with that
we're going to go with roast beef like
roast that ah looks like poo while they
were missing like half that but all of
them have chunks missing from them this
this could be a bit bombing right now
guys just a heads up tastes like dog
food I'm trying like pop off my cash
buds right now I thought that go do I do
it my coughing a bit like Bane all right
hey Dad Hey
oh it ha I wanna swallow like like spit
left in my mouth all those horrendous
hahahahahahaha and last but not least we
have got cinema glim I'm really hoping
this is gonna be nice all right here we
go so there's two different colors this
I'm guessing you kind of mix them so I'm
going
this is coca-cola oh yeah that's right
light coke through and through that's
good I'm going to put popcorn in at the
same time it could be a bit strange are
we at popcorn is showgirl very very
weird to have popcorn and coke in your
mouth same time no now properly blended
them together yeah that is good
give that one a good five out of five
well done
though I really hope you guys enjoyed
today is tasting video as always if you
have something that you think would be
funny for me to taste I'm sure it's
gonna be disgusting because hey isn't
that funny on much dry stuff no but then
if you do leave it in the comments below
give the video a thumbs up and I'll see
you beautiful people tomorrow good bye
