hello how are you doing today I thought
it might be interesting to watch some
kpop I have actually only watched /
listened to kpop once and that was on
the finebros ages ago a guy can't
remember this was talking like two years
ago and it's such a massive thing so I
thought I should probably watch some and
see what I think of it basically that's
two cable here we go this is 2ne1 - knee
to knee waffle I cook a Biffen I am the
best 138 million view that's more views
than all of more Marcus has ever had in
its lifetime better be good or like that
be swift David Guetta risk this is
pretty catchy her outfit absolutely rock
you know is she carrying like a
wrestling belt I think that's actually a
wrestling belt don't know what they're
saying
but I like it and they're dancing this
is a very well produced music video what
where's that poodle come from what why
does the poodle game so much like camera
time does that thing I couldn't wear
that thing around my neck couldn't have
that my neck sorry
that is incredible hair all these
outfits are so well like thought and put
together I love it
so quite low it's just my movie is quite
like a sexual vibe going on
by like skater girl your Korean version
of Apple Levine right now glitching what
is that oh my god that outfit
what it's glass it though shoes but
surely you can't see out slug it's like
we've got a high budget this music video
hey unlock the I'm kind of in love the
style I just don't give a crap load no
no no not Man Man Man Man Man Man I can
do that there I like what way by the
machine guns but my hair's like hers I
love not oh is it love there was like
two throughout that random oh my god
interesting they liked the Asian version
of Little Mix survival game chapter
loading Little Mix have 138 million
views let's check out the next one this
has 30 million views 235,000 thumbs up
people like that let's see what this is
about
boy in love all MTV chukerman oh it's
all kelly ish what did the movie change
what's going on now
hang on is this why the light or the
random songs are these all their songs
and they're just self prone them all in
one video skool luv affair it's about
love and school differently because
they're cool oh my god Wow but they can
die
so they were wearing meet up I think
they're wearing like today I mean we'll
got like I what's it called like
eyeliner on the scholar on is this
available boy like seriously I'm not
like trying to I think they're all boys
on there his head quite cool actually
I love more the like again it's like
very well produced this guy is talented
at rapping I'm not yeah
I don't know I don't really know how I
feel about that it's like I'm not
looking at I really enjoy the song this
could make mine my next favorite song
video loving the sexual aspects they're
having a fight now why are they trashing
the school school early these are like
the bad boys of the school right that's
the best of all um yeah they're gonna be
like Halle likes hotline or Lou I like
it I like the chorus I secure as a noun
serenading her in the dark with the rose
classic the boys changes they all
fighting over one girl in sexual as Anna
whereas a different girl I think is the
same girl that was pretty cool
transition
hola I'm impressed of that I really was
there like quality of their music videos
are very very good so well done guys
well done one McKay that is my first
proper kpop experience learning and
listening and watching and I really
enjoyed it like I actually can't see
myself listen summer it be awesome if I
knew the words but I can still dance
have a sing-along even though that and I
just the music videos like I said the
production quality is so good so well
done guys if you like this video anyone
see more
give the video a thumbs up as always you
know what to do and I will see your
beautiful faces tomorrow goodbye
