hello how are you doing welcome to
Facebook profile photos too you guys
enjoyed the first one so you were like
hey let's show us more of your
embarrassing life so here you go guys
don't you worry I've got that covered
dying off with this beaut this is me
four of my friends you got me on the
left obviously and you know what I'm
tensing my my gum there and I remember
GNU I think I said it as my profile
quote because I was like my arm looks
massive here and I'm just hemp tried I
clearly work out and that's why I put
that there and I'm friends all these
guys now still they're like my best
mates so good one guys moving swiftly on
to its brilliant picture this was taken
at my friend Sam's house on New Year's
Eve and I was really really in love with
those glasses but I remember what
happened if the countdown was coming you
know like when it's half an hour till
midnight I remember I had these in my
pocket and I whipped them out as they're
like surprise I was like oh there's my
boobs and some others and what a tool I
look like olbes 9 2009 cover site were
you together say six years ago was I
know was in eighteen I wasn't drinking
that night no oh that's cute me and my
little sister I really like my hair in
this picture that's when I had a bit of
like blonde hair is longer on the sides
then on the top whose hair is ever
longer Amisha bald whose hair is ever
longer on the sides then on the top but
how is that possible I don't have any
ears there I think it looks kind of cool
with that color you know and it's like
Messier combo snowboarder and everything
this is right yeah because this was when
it snowed in England like a lot was this
2009 thought I looked so cool in this
picture my sister made that snowman that
you can just see the head obviously a
bad picture cuz you can't even see the
Snowman really but that is the snowman
that we attempted oh yeah this thing
where we we like thought is really funny
to take the weirdest face in pictures
and we do it wherever we were like
wherever we went out we just started
doing it and obviously that's one of
those remote Dave yeah be sippin on my
probably vodka lemonade cuz I'm a baller
embarrassing isn't it why why why am i
fingers like this it's why do people do
that in pictures right it's you don't
have a gun in hand
oh yes yes here we are me spread arms
open with my boys on the thing on the
way not too short that type oh you
remember in the last one I talked about
me wearing the double wear a polo neck
always wore a tee shot under there you
go his perfect example of that
oh my poly gosh this was a college party
we went to UV rave and I obviously went
all out
glossy Bell look at that Bell sunglasses
hand printed t-shirt I'm even in Max's
lime green room which I'll be add to the
picture there why it was this my
facebook profile I'm sat in a bus stop
in Brighton town centre Kim very
confused like I'm ready to have a photo
of me taken for my profile photo yeah
great I think I had and I think this was
right one of the first times we got
drunk and I was like yeah did a bus stop
right I was well chuffed with this this
is when I was in club Lysander and I
managed to do a backflip off that bridge
into the pool fair that is an awesome
picture
I might remake that one Facebook profile
photo oh yeah this is one of those
candid photos when you're like oh I'm
not actually looking at the camera I'm
just pretending that it's there and I'm
looking really cool as if no one's
taking a picture of me but really I know
exactly what's going on hi this picture
I don't know if it's gonna be funny to
you guys because I know the original
it's a picture of like five other people
I must really have liked how I look
because I was completely crop everyone
out
that's me you can see the like blue
share of the person sat next one of
those photos oh it's like boy i Nader me
that's just like stare at the camera and
pretend that we're like fucking our
chair mate and then if you just like
close your mouth and likes Quinn then
what a proper sexy and are all about to
love us mate I've even got my cast I'll
call their to mate just so hard and that
lets you in on another embarrassing
stage of my life guys if you enjoyed
that like I said there is obviously a
whole journey this is still in 2009 so
there's a lot of pictures since then if
you do want me to carry on with this
that's an email but let me know by
giving the video a thumbs up and comment
down below love you guys tomorrow
