hello and I just filmed another video
with this freaking microphone there
likes to just turn itself off when I
film videos so hopefully this is on
because otherwise that's annoying
welcome to a quiz on the BuzzFeed so I
think I'm gonna start doing BuzzFeed
quizzes because they're actually good
quizzes and all the other ones are just
crap and not really that interesting so
this one is apparently this test will
reveal your biggest flaw so great
because everyone wants to know what
their floors are not that I probably
already know already so let's see shall
we
which Disney character would you hate to
have as a sidekick or who would I hate
to have as a sidekick
I remember off these are from what stuff
that was this dude here who is that
who's that who would you hate that oh my
god I love Pocahontas his sidekick who I
hate
I'm gonna go for the grumpy clock like I
really didn't like the clock and beauty
of the beast the can laurel legend the
clock which app do you absolutely need
in your life
what do what I mean is YouTube's not on
that cake also thanks guys
I'm gonna go with snaps nizzle what
would you hate to be cursed with the
most spontaneous tell apportion constant
shape-shifting unable to touch
technology or could you imagine that
that you can see it any like huh let me
just gonna what I'd be horrible a
talkative green man who sits on her
shoulder and never leaves on I'd be
horrific only able to communicate
communicate through small talk oh the
awkwardness never able to lie okay say
everything you think out loud that would
just be funny like that would be funny
I'm gonna have to go there for it can
see yourself in mirror and photos can't
fall asleep until the house is cleaned
say everything out loud
wait was the question though what would
you hate to be all know cuz I I mean I
think that'd be fun
I hate the cursive na was such
technology what do you think others
perceive to be your greatest strength my
flexibility are we talking about like
body parts or we talking about my diary
because neither of those really work so
my trendiness my work my outgoing person
that my honesty my confidence my beauty
my leadership skills my independence I'm
gonna save my confidence I think I think
I think I'm a pretty confident guy what
do you wish you could never feel again
stagnation jealousy overwhelmed
hopelessness loneliness insecurity
frustrated not in control dissatisfied
paralyzed deep would you wish you could
never feel again dissatisfied the worst
for me out of those is probably
insecurity or loneliness so I'm gonna go
over insecurity
how do you decide what to order off the
menu all this is such a good question I
don't know it takes me forever
whatever yelp recommends I just stick to
what I like I've really don't like those
people although I am a little bit of
that person sometimes I try to get
something different from everyone else
whatever I feel like eating in the
moment I lean towards the healthier
options okay but it's obviously me
whatever the cheapest something I
haven't tried before
eenie meenie miney moe I'm either I lean
towards the healthier option or whatever
I feel like eating in the moment I'm
gonna go to the healthy option all this
I was about to say what my imitation
varnish has the biggest flaw what's the
last thing you check before you walk out
the door last thing I checked is always
keys always I check like three things
it's like keys phone wallet man that's
my date sorted so but what's the
absolute are saying definitely phone
definitely this text will you got
obsessed with appearance if you're
obsessed with your appearance because
you love how you look keep celebrating
yourself if you're obsessed with your
appearance because you're self-conscious
just know that you're lovely and no one
rocks your body like you do so
apparently I'm obsessed with myself I
guess that's true because I am a
youtuber and youtubers make videos about
themselves and stare at their face every
single day so yeah although that could
be a reason for my insecurities who
knows but that is my biggest flaw though
I should probably
that's not my biggest for I don't know
my biggest floor is I don't really want
to share this such a personal thing
isn't it
like your biggest flaw that I was about
to say comment your biggest floor in the
comments house like why would I want to
do that it's like just complete
negativity know what let's change this
around why don't you guys comment
something in the comments now the thing
you love about yourself every there's
gotta be one thing you love about
yourself tell me what it is in the
comments go for it share the love I hope
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up if you did and I'll see you V 4 we
will tomorrow bye
