hey what's going on my name is Marcus
welcome to more markers and when you
look do you guys reap when you look I
don't this is my hair Basie with a
fringe oh yeah
alright guys we just get to do the video
is like why not welcome back to guess
the seventy number two numero dos
I was shocking at the first one so I'm
probably gonna be shocked at the second
one let's see how bad I am the hairstyle
Thursday's you had Thursday's um that is
not anyone I know a good start Marcus I
want to say it's not Adam Sandler
there's not even close
isn't singer yeah that is a singer who
is American honestly I need to click I
don't have a clue that so oh my god that
is not Zane Zane wow he's such a little
cute kid was he's obviously not so a kid
now who you is this someone like Chris
Rock was on or Kevin Hart made a better
joke
Will Smith yeah looks bit like LeBron
James as well
no no who is this person this special
kind of music DJ jazz what's especially
- classical no table so he did
lip-synching no oh he's the rapper
yeah well as specialized oh my god I
know who that is
this is carnage best both Colin isn't it
how did I not guess that straightaway
that's so cop let's colony through and
through but my hair cut like hey I'm
really under whole video my like that's
why my fittings on the Internet ah who
are you oh my god is that Bradley Cooper
nope cool doesn't make films I may you
may need us action it's not a Jason
Statham or Bruce Willis Vin Diesel
I lost pleasing a really big franchise
for some viewers James Bond Jason Bourne
No
oh hey this guy American but as a
British co-star yeah I know
a film is best it's not impossible Oh
Tom Cruise I'm so bad at this game
I want to retire guys how did people
wear their hair like this but did people
look in the mirror and go I'd look sick
I just look awesome I just do oh my babe
RiRi you do win of Rihanna call bit of a
crush on Rihanna that's not Rihanna that
that's Rihanna yes I was about to throw
the computer at someone it's not funny I
mean you do that Matt I know who that is
I do know who that is but I can't but
it's it's it's not flipping Daniel thing
is there no anyway Daniel Harry Potter
what's his name it's not Daniel Harry
Potter Daniel Radcliffe
Daniel Radcliffe everybody I'm bossing
this now honesty like honesty like
honesty thirty Seconds would you guys
still watch my videos like this for
every videos like this would you still
watch me
well that's question of the day ah ah
that's is that Jennifer Lawrence yes my
babe I've said TV room need none of them
of those people my dad by ledge she's
pretty cool wasn't she I went to an
Mockingjay pot to premiere the other day
and she was kind of on the same carpet
as me and I was just like this is cool
Lawrence I didn't have my hair like this
though is that didn't happen right guys
well there we go that's a nice Orion
Levi guys that is number two finished of
guess the celebrity I hope you guys
enjoyed it a bit give it big thumbs up
let me know if you would like to see
more hairstyles for me as well because
why not
and I will see you people tomorrow bye
