hello welcome to a video that so many of
you have been requesting me to do which
is try not to cry so the idea of this is
you watch a sad video and surprise
surprise you have to see if you go out
like oh so yes it's gonna be are you a
very sensitive caring young boy or are
you an insensitive prick guess you guys
might know how I'd like to say I am a
very sensitive person but I don't really
show it this could be interesting to
happen is I'm gonna watch this and be
mortified but not show that and as soon
as the camera goes off I'm gonna bawl my
eyes out probably there we go quite
nervous guys like what if I what if I
just start crying I have never cried on
YouTube oh my god as at a I was a
cartoon Oh God
it's sad music that looks like me that
his sister he's just trying to steal her
lollipop what's the other person doing
pulling her hair that's cruel I know
they're beating him up are they gonna
find each other because there is me that
is actually me son oh oh he's sad he's
got no friends on his birthday oh if she
seen to him I was gonna be her she's
gonna come for isn't she cute got no
friends but they thought each other just
remember that guy's looks like Zelda oh
that's them growing up Oh cute
no moving very fast isn't it bloody hell
hey preggers no one on a she Oh Hospital
here we go oh she's in pain why is he so
sad what she said if they lost the baby
what just happened
they're not oh they did have a baby
there's the baby oh it's like a little
me again oh it's cute that's really cute
isn't it oh the dog the dog isn't
getting older as a sniff sniff oh oh
watching movies what a little happy
family this is my halfway through
everyone's gonna end up dying on it oh
shit the dogs gonna die
the dogs Paulie Oh talks look misty but
not nearly went a little bitter geez oh
just a little bit always depressed now
his dogs not there um is she having
another baby or treatment she has cancer
ah now he's drinking out oh where does
his friend come from see just what has
he just gone into the army why is he all
of a sudden the army I'm a bit lost on
that bet
oh and now it's mates just being shot
this guy's life sucks happy birth I was
a really really cute don't know he's
gonna get shot as well
Oh shot straight in the head wait what
well that was quite emotional I mean I
did I obviously didn't cry I had a tear
in my eye at one point so yeah do not
feel like a bit I'm a bit lost by what
happened at the end now stop talking
about skull matching and stop crying in
a minute a bit better than that I
actually feel quite like sad songs as
well like sushi you know I can listen to
sad music and stop thinking about things
in that five minutes time I can probably
start crying I um fool I feel I just
feel bit weirded out of that I didn't
officially cry but I'm left feeling very
emotional so if there challenge is a bit
of a weird challenge isn't it but yeah I
guess that shows you some of my
sensitive side I hope you guys did enjoy
that I'm sure how can you enjoy like
that but um did you cry there we go
did you cry or did you not cry let me
know in the comments and maybe I'll do
it online is in the future see if we can
actually get me to cry ooh nice alright
see you guys tomorrow bye
