hello how is it going I appreciate I
look a bit strange of this home but my
hair is not playing correct today so
bear with me I have got something so
exciting to share with you in today's
video I don't know if you're ready so
like just prepare yourselves for a
second alright before I just go into
exactly what it is I'll just give you a
little background as many of you know I
am very much so into my healthy living
my healthy eating and my general
lifestyle approach to health if you've
read my book hello life you will realize
this already because I talked about on
there but I went on a whole journey of
transforming my diet and lifestyle and
the foods ia and what happened to my
body etcetera etcetera etcetera
about a year ago now I came up with this
idea that I wanted to be able to get
readily-available healthy snacks easily
quickly efficiently and like at a
reasonable price as well so I came up
with this idea of having this kind of
subscription box that people could
subscribe to monthly and every single
month they would get sent all of these
awesome snacks from brands that I II and
that I really like fast forward a few
months from that idea me Naomi and my
best mate max decided to set up a
company and we called it source box so
the aim of source box is to deliver
healthy natural snacks to you every
single month to your door we have all
been working on this for probably now
the last six to eight months especially
max max has been doing so much work on
this it is so like exciting to be able
to officially share this information
with you and not even the information
like the actual product itself so this
is source box basically this is our
little baby that we've been working on
this is exactly what its gonna look like
and this is the first month subscription
there's gonna be so many questions that
you guys probably want to know about
this so I'm gonna try and break it down
as simply as possible source box is a
subscription box so you subscribe to it
we send you new things on a monthly
basis there's gonna be three different
ways you can get a box you can pay for a
one-off box which will be a tiny little
bit more expensive than if you're
subscribing monthly however right now
that's not available that's come
very very soon in the new year at some
point a monthly subscription so you pay
a monthly fee every single month and you
will receive your subscription box the
third is an annual fee so if you really
like the idea of this you think it's
really cool really awesome you can pay
an annual fee and you basically get
twelve boxes for the price of ten so if
you sign up for an annual membership
you'll basically get two boxes for free
that's the blind that's just falling
down originally we're only going to be
shipping this to the UK but because
there was so much interest from Europe
we've expanded it to Europe so we are
now doing the UK and Europe look can we
just appreciate how beautiful like I
know it's a cardboard box but the
branding like we've all put so much time
and effort into this and it's a product
that I guess it's like it's like a baby
like I'm really really proud of this but
yes it is a pre-order phase and that is
gonna be cut off around about December
the 13th and then that box is gonna be
shipped out in the first two weeks of
January moving forwards if you're a
monthly subscriber that box will be sent
out on the first week of every single
month I guess I should actually show you
the box and what's inside it because I'm
you're probably wondering what you're
going to be receiving outdoors map
healthy natural snacks sourced by us
devoured by you so you have your nice
little tissue paper and there's just
lags well it doesn't look like as many
but you get between ten and twelve each
month so in here there is twelve snacks
we have got broccoli crisps rude health
mini rice thins rebel kitchen chocolate
milk which is dairy-free and is
absolutely delicious like honestly this
is just incredible I love we have an
organic mulberry trail mix raw spicy
pizza toast
Sassy's flapjack which again I've met
Sasi and these are really really awesome
and delicious as well this little sachet
of almond butter this is by Pippa nut
again this is delicious you can eat the
out of here you can put it on toast like
whatever you want to do with this
however I would recommend we've given
you some rice cakes you're gonna have
some of this take your pretty well
together we have a really unique teabag
selection made for us by the Blue Bird
tea company and so thanks that's really
awesome okay Ambar
chocolate buttons again these are
dairy-free and they are just
unbelievable a Polson which is a raw
chocolate brownie on this specific one
dried apple and mango fruit which you
can just snack on and then a love raw
rosehip and lemon organic bar Dada and
that's everything you get in your first
source box every month will be different
selection of snacks and like I said at
the end of this video
nothing will go in there that we don't
believe is beneficial for you that's not
going to taste delicious at the same
time so all of these taste amazing
and they're also so good and so much
more nutritious for you then probably
most the other snacks they're out there
so yeah that is basically sore spots
that is what we've been working on for
the past 6 8 10 12 months and I'm so so
excited for it and I really hope it's
something you guys like you guys know
that I'm trying to like spread health
and awareness of it and this is a way
that I feel I can do that so yeah all
the info of course will be on Saucebox
com all of our social link will be down
there but I would love for you guys to
go check it out and like I said you have
until December the 13th to order your
first box so if you want to get it
you've got under a couple of weeks so go
go go go go there's a whole FAQ on the
site so if you want to know anything in
more detail or specifics you can find
that on there as well also in the future
with sauce box what we want to do is
we've already got plans for having
different types of boxes so one might be
a vegan box one might be a dairy-free
box like there's all these different
options that we've got planned in our
heads that we're working on but yeah
that's pretty much all I think I can say
in this video and I would love for you
of course to go and get a source box
check it out on the site and just love
it as much as I love it basically but
yeah other than that I'm really excited
for this it's a project
aside from youtube and you guys know
it's what I'm passionate about so yeah
hopefully you guys can enjoy as well
anyway give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will see you people
tomorrow bye
