hello how's it going you're right this
feels weird like a mug it I haven't
blogged in like don't even know how long
I've been seeing some of you guys
comment about wanting me to do more
vlogs how you miss it and how like I
remember some of you saying that you
want to see more rugs and stuff so I
have got a little cooking thing it's not
really cooking it so he looks back then
and I thought I show you by blogging
rather than like hang out filming and
stuff I thought it'd be nice to just
have it like vlog style so yes what I'm
showing you is how to make the perfect
popcorn because I did this the other
night and it was absolutely incredible
so we're going to be using a pan so you
know like when you make a parent it but
when I've done it once before
I always burn the bottom like someone
get started is best I the pan and just
bit crappy this technique literally it
pops everything perfectly at the exact
same time this later
okay all you need is a pan like this
quite a big one because popcorn even
though it's come small actually ends up
going really big
and so you got pan like this also got
just the lid because you need your lid
for your pan and then this is literally
what I'm doing I'm doing salt pop home
because so is my favorite like popcorn
it's the easiest yeah you can whatever
flavor you want to do you can do but
this is just the technique for like
getting everything to pop perfectly so
you will need some popping corn which is
right here you will need some well it's
if using soul this is my soul you will
need some coconut oil and you will need
a cut measurement you can do that as
much as you want
I usually do like ah stuff so like
Fritos that much Oh pop one going
everywhere
lovely step 1 turn your pan on oh yeah
look at that
step 2 get some coconut oil and melt it
in the pan and you need like a fair bit
of coconut oil for this so you will see
I'm going to use so I'm going to use a
few teaspoons like white heat you can
see teaspoon one and probably one more
like that maybe a little bit more like
so in the pan wait for that to
completely melt basically what you want
to end up having is enough oil to cover
the surface area left with a little bit
if you know I'm in now I know this is
gonna seem really really weird but what
you're going to do is you get three of
your kernels three or four of them pop
and then okay so they're in put the lid
on and then you wait for those to pop I
know it's going to sound really weird
but that's what you'd okay and then or
we're a we can sing you can see them pop
for me gone John or John and Patrick and
Beatrice and Roland any minute now
Oh uno dos o tres a last one
boom gonna put that to the side to take
it off and count for 30 seconds okay
trust me on this
account for 30 seconds I can see on my
thin how long it's been so we're just
going to wait 30 seconds tick tock tick
tock take the lid off what you're going
to do is get the rest of your kernels
pour them in and make sure that we'll
leave on put the lid back on get them or
leave them give it a shape around that's
all ever pop it back on and then I don't
really know how it works but they will
all pop at roughly at the same time so
give it like maybe a minute or so then
they're also going so yeah well where
until that happens I forgot to say take
the lid off a tiny bit just to let some
of the steam come out and oh and they've
started popping here we go oh yeah oh
yeah yeah baby
don't start going mad at them in here
but you can see kind of look bit crazy
but they're on a mad night out yeah wild
night that will obviously keep going
keep going
you want to leave it until they stop
popping like maybe every three seconds
but obviously now I always get really
nervous because this is where it quickly
starts rising in your life oh we're
going out like space sometime you got be
careful because at the side there
they'll fling out and go a bit bit nutty
and my thing around visions I make sure
I own you unreal face
Christel top come on here think it's
slowing down a little bit better not
bloody carry on okay you can hear that
stop
still going a little bit and that'll do
so then just take it off because they
might still strike carry on pop you just
leave it there to chill for a little bit
whilst that in you need to go yet
boot bolt pulling that is a big bold put
it in that is completed popcorn I'm
going to take this off I'm scared if I
take it off some in my carrier and pop
in oh look at that it's like dreamy
sorry I get really tight over pop on so
you will see I'm going to pour just a
little bit in now look how perfect that
popcorn is oh I'm going to pull half in
reason that is so that I can put my salt
on now and then some of it will have it
down there rather than just sitting on
the top of you know min and you get the
rest of your poppers that's popcorn not
like anything out and you pour it in
there
and as you can see there is zero burnt
popcorn also zero kernels left like
literally no kernels can see that that
is how you make magic markers popcorn I
didn't think that I made up finish with
your last - dashing dashing of salt give
it a little shake oh not too much of a
shape just little shape the best thing
is when it's still warm
so you've got nice warm on as you taste
like you'd go into cinema like if you
would have salted popcorn in cinema
drogo and there you have it that is
magical popcorn
seriously seriously good I'm just gonna
go climb in finish it in this will night
now
so for watching a film eight or
something I hope you guys have enjoyed
this video if you did give a big thumbs
up
do more like vlogs stuff like this
especially it's around food and stuff
and also let me know if you want more
food things like that because it's fun
quick and easy to do so let me know if
you're not all right
love you guys sit smart
