I guess that hello is representative in
this video because today I thought I
would not have like anything it's
specific to do in the video but I just
sit here and share with you a little bit
about my youtube story and my background
were there how I started off to where I
am now just like summed up in a video
because I don't know I just wanted to
sit down and chat to you guys basically
I can't really decide the other day
right my phone and I was like yeah
that's what I'm gonna do for today's
video
I think you're cool with that so it all
goes back to 2001 no I have been
watching YouTube for probably a year
after it launched and I think it's ten
years old now I would go on and watch
whatever was on the homepage I don't
remember being like subscribed to people
back then I just watch what was popular
every day and I remember people like
Charlie McDonnell were on their hair
Ryan Higa was on their Shane Dawson was
on their and I used to kind of watch
these youtubers and just immerse myself
in what they're doing I just found it
really interesting really fascinating I
was also uploading some of my own videos
on there where I was like messing around
my friends so there was a video I
uploaded me and a friend play fighting
and from Max's house I put him through
the bed literally I picked him up done
back him through the bed this was all
filmed and I had uploaded stuff like
this on my own channel and then I
started to like upload music stuff
because I'd hear a song somewhere but
there wasn't like a video for it online
so I'd find that song and I put it into
my own video and just upload it online
so that people around the world watch
and one of the first things I did was a
song called Plan B cost a life and I put
that up and it got like a hundred
thousand views and back then I was like
this is madness that I've uploaded
saying a hundred thousand people have
watched it listen to it whatever so I
wanted to start getting some more views
on things that I wanted to start trying
and I was really into basketball so I
used to also make basketball mixes I'd
have my favorite players LeBron James
Dwyane Wade get loads of their videos
more over the web mash them together so
teach myself how to edit on the high
movie Chuck on a song upload it and then
see what happen with that so this was
just like introducing me to YouTube and
I guess me trying out like video editing
and Jeff
because they've met had no idea why is
really doing I don't really know why I
did it a lot of my friends are like why
are you uploading stuff to you do you
have a reason why is there a purpose I
just started to know it's just quite fun
to put stuff together and put it online
because this music stuff started going
well and also this channel got shut down
because of copyright because obviously
all the stuff I was being on that
channel wasn't my own and everyone else
is so excited right I'm gonna make a new
channel all about music so I took radio
1 Live Lounge covers off their website I
ripped the videos off their because if
you weren't in the UK you couldn't watch
these videos I was at old people rogue
world will watch it so take these videos
off wacom on youtube on this channel and
some of them were getting like millions
literally like millions of views there
was one panel one that ended up on like
12 million views and this channel
started getting views and I ended up on
about 4,000 subscribers I'd get comments
every day from people saying show your
face because we've seen your profile
picture and like why don't you just say
hello and I was always like why would I
just sit down and be like hello and that
is basically what I did I was respond to
the comment saying like what would you
like me to do and people were saying a
QA because they could see who I was gets
known and that video was the first video
I ever put of myself on the internet on
another channel and I said in that video
if people would like this I'd stop this
channel and make my own channel my new
channel lo and behold people seem to
like it back then I have absolutely no
idea why cutter crap there's that videos
in online I don't have access to that
anymore I would really like to see that
video because I can't really remember I
don't remember how I filmed it that was
the creation of Marcus Butler TV when I
started the channel I had no intention
what to do and you can see that if you
go back and watch my first videos I sit
down and I'm like oh no I'm gonna make a
video about because I didn't I didn't
know what I wanted to do on the channel
all for just like fun I was just
enjoying messing about and making videos
I filmed myself in my room secretly like
I'd make sure gnomes in the house check
out up online and hope for the best
I only told one friend about this and
that was max I was doing this not making
videos in my room and he kind of found a
bit weird but you also found it a bit
interesting and it helped me out with
that
just getting completing a story time
from the original music channel when I
announced that I was doing this channel
I already got about 20 subscribers that
moved over to the new channel starting
from something having 20 subscribers was
different starting from nothing like I
said when I when I started this house 17
I had no idea where this would go and I
used to watch people so the people who
like when I started that channel you
know vlogging there was people that I
was watching who inspired me and those
people were Charlie's not so cool like
China tunnel Dan and Phil remember
seeing Phil had 80 something thousand
subscribers and damn having we got
50,000 subscribers I remember like on
the little page there on and I was just
like wow those guys are so famous cool I
want to be like them make videos like
there I just wanted to basically do
something like that and I just kept
plowing away at college making these
videos and people at college found out
about my youtube channel when I had
about 150 subscribers it was probably
one of the most embarrassing moments
when I was at college I was in my
psychology lesson and this kid comes in
he's a little bit late walks in and
everyone's in the class and he just
points him in he's like ah I must have
just been watching your videos of you
dancing on YouTube there was a video of
me like doing some Lady Gaga stuff
because I used to do some like
lip-synching stuff obviously everyone
tells me that like what you upload stuff
on YouTube like what was that was that
everyone staring at me I'm going bright
red the teachers like oh what's this
should we put like should we have a look
should we have a look played in front of
the whole class doesn't that yeah there
was me just like sitting in the corner
wanting to kill myself whilst that was
happening and it was from that that like
and it was kind of that moment where
everyone was sort of like look at me and
calming up the weird YouTube boy because
it's like no one was watching it and I
was just doing it like out of boredom
and fun looking back on it yeah it was
weird and strange but certain people at
college that would look at me and be
like oh like you still doing that weird
thing like you talk to yourself in a
bedroom and you put it online I remember
like it was people that I used to listen
to and it used to want me to it used to
make me want to stop because we can't be
cool if I'm doing YouTube like people
aren't gonna like me people gonna think
I'm weird like not gonna have friends
and stuff like this obviously I still
have my like close friends at college
they they were all layoffs
very weird but they're not like oh we're
not being friends of you anymore it was
more like meeting new people and just my
reputation reputation in my head I was
like I don't care if you don't like it
I've only got six months left of college
I'm never gonna have to see people again
I'm gonna do it and just see what
happens with that I didn't know it was
people could earn money from it this
stage again I was just completely doing
it for fun but I ended up doing it for
fun like that for about three years and
along those three years so I went to
Australia after college traveled
Australia and I didn't take anything
with me no I had a last age I had like
6,000 subscribers and I went to
Australia with my friend Max and I
didn't do anything about YouTube I just
stopped for three months and it was when
I was in Australia I remember having
this moment is gonna sound really weird
but I found Conor Maynard and I was in
Australia yet 700 subscribers and his
chat I was like this guy's sick it's
from Brighton I was watching that and I
don't know why it was that and that's
what made me miss YouTube because I was
like really into that and I remember
sitting outside in this hostel in
Australia watching these videos and
thinking you know when I get back I'm
gonna properly go for youtuber I'm just
gonna give it my all just see what
happens I don't know I don't know what
I'm gonna do I just want to make
consistent videos on a schedule and like
be proud of what I'm making I remember
telling max that one where Australia so
when we got back from Australia that's
what I did I was like yeah we do usually
when I do this do that like a few weeks
after I got back there was a competition
being announced called YouTube Nextup
where Google were launching his
competition across the whole of Europe
and they were choosing the next 25 big
stars on YouTube I was like oh that's
cool Island at this stage I was going
through my youtube career where I
thought that I wanted to do special
effects like I said when I started my
channel I didn't know what I wanted to
do so it was all about experimenting for
me I do some challenges then I try like
a lot of guns stuff like visual effects
and all this kind of stuff and it was
that stage that I was going through and
enter that competition where I was
inspired by people like Final Cut King
this guy called Zach King you guys have
probably seen his vines and
and videos cuz he's massive now but he
used to make like to tourism final cut
and he actually inspired me to learn
final cut like I learned how to edit off
him basically and I saw some of his like
cool things he'd show me final cut
incorporate that into a video Chuck
Gerwig ever put into this competition
cut a long story short I ended up
winning this competition with 24 other
people across Europe
I was already friends I should probably
talk about Alfred like me and Alfie
became friends with me at 200
subscribers and we would make videos
together and hang out that was really
awesome because no one else like watched
YouTube I was friends with so to meet
someone and just instantly like the
first day we met he came to my house and
it was weird obviously the first time I
ever met someone off the internet and we
just sat there for like two hours just
talked about YouTube talked about a
favorite video showed each other these
videos and it was just nice to have some
to like click with with YouTube it shows
someone from college or your friends and
maybe died you show them a video and
they just be like oh I don't get it
whereas I could show him like a Shane
Dawson parody and he'd be like oh my god
I saw this it's so funny that's what
like kind of brought us here wins mean
it's just having the same passion for
something then I won this then and like
Alfie was one of the first people I
called because I told him I then today
obviously like he knew all about it and
stuff so I remember calling him and just
being like Alfie I won YouTube Nextup
and he was like wow man you're gonna
blow up you're gonna be like the next
big issue of boa and we were both like
the same size and we were always growing
like a couple of hundred subscribers a
year like all this stuff and I was just
super excited for this the next age and
I was like yeah it's gonna make me
massive and like this could be really
cool and then order to expect I went to
the gathering where they held the
competition they bought everyone to
London and put us in a hotel for a week
and did all these courses and it's
really really awesome it was really a
fun and met some cool people got to
experience what being a youtuber was
like and they flew like I just Ian
mystery guitar man these German guys
called wide titty I think now called
London to talk because they were like
big they're like millions of followers
and they talked to us about being
youtuber I remember constantly just
having this drive in I want to be a
youtuber I don't know how I don't know
how I'm gonna get lots of followers and
stuff like that I was just like I want
to do
and I'm gonna make videos that I can
just keep doing it until one day
hopefully it happens and I think now
this is the end of stage one because I'm
looking up here and I've been talking
for like a long time so I'm gonna hold
it here and continue it if you guys want
me to like I think it might be nice to
just like fully break it down because
I've never really done that before and
it's hard to condense into like five
minutes all in my whole thing so I'm
going quite in detail if you want to
know about like how I met Zoe or like
how I became friends with Caspar and Joe
and like all these other I don't know
they're just the things that can quiet
them anything you want to know how did I
first get subscribers how do I do this
leave your comments down below and I
will try and answer them in the next
like stage of this moving forwards yeah
I hope you guys have enjoyed this video
it's a lot different to use ones it's a
lot more chatty probably a lot longer if
you want more of this stuff let me know
glove over your video thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will see you people
tomorrow
