hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
we're not meditating this is my
conspiracy thing maybe this committing
every time we do a conspiracy video now
like welcome to a conspiracy theory
video so we've got many conspiracy
theory videos on this channel before
recently we started looking at
individuals in conspiracy theories today
that continues because we're looking at
individuals who well they're now
individuals but were once on Direction
arguably one of the biggest boy bands to
ever place foot on the earth and we are
going to be jumping in to the conspiracy
theories surrounding the individuals the
band just taking a look at a few
different things so without further ado
let's get into it so we're going to be
having a look at some of the craziest
conspiracy theories out there now I will
give an opinion on these but they're not
directly from me so things I'm going to
be providing oh it is information that's
out there readily available
I'm reading that talking about it and
I'll give opinions on it the first
conspiracy theory we're jumping into is
that Louie's baby is fake I've never
heard anything about this before so this
is new to me this research that we're
going to be delving into so louis
Tomlinson gave birth to Freddie back in
January since then apparently Louie and
the mum have text the baby out of public
eye which to me makes sense
because by the baby I wouldn't want the
may have been in the public eyes you
know it's not nice however One Direction
fans have spent the last year creating
this conspiracy theory that the baby is
either a dull or it's completely fake
so this conspiracy theory we're actually
comes from is Larry so Louie and Harry
is that's what we the big conspiracy
theory that those two are in
relationship have been your any ship
have been having sexual relations and
then that's not like them
Oh God that is where this conspiracy
theory come from so it Kate Louie has
this kid to draw attention away from
that and people to finally put that to
bed and then do he's got baby
he's not with Harry I think that's not
true personally but a lot more info so
let them look the twitter account at
piranha facts was created May 2015
Breanna had not yet been associated with
Louis and how would a fan know that she
would be significant let alone become
pregnant with his child a more
believable explanation for this is that
the management the setting things up
early fans believe that this account
must sell ahead of the two before they
even knew each other even met two days
later Louie and Breanna were pictured
leaving a club in London by paparazzi
sorry Los Angeles get facts right sorry
apparently at twenty nine seconds so
fans have tracked down a video from the
paparazzi and apparently at twenty nine
seconds the paparazzo can be heard
saying this one's for the son I mean
does that just mean he works for the son
and he's like yo this one's for the son
or is like this story it's going to be
other um bit lost here during a show
exactly a month later Louie threw a dull
off of the stage shouting it's not real
baby Gators take this as a four-channel
I'm not sure about that that just I mean
that's what's that you have to do with
it why would that be so okay so if we've
got to take a look at Louie's hair here
because the length of it is important
head of psycho PR gives birth to twins
in LA and Louis is also there in LA cool
that's November 2015 in January Freddy
is born however apparently some of the
tweets around that time have also been
you know questions have been raised
about them Louie's tweet as we can see
I'm pleased to say my baby son was born
yesterday he is healthy and pretty
amazing I'm very happy okay so fans
picked up on this tweet because usually
when Louie tweets of exclamation marks
he leaves spaces between them however on
this tweet there was no what do we think
about that I mean there are examples
where yes okay
I'm but is there also examples where he
has also not had spaces between them
so the fans think that Louie didn't
actually post that tweet himself
Briana post a picture on the 21st of
January saying you know baby love of my
life whatever Louie's announcement was
on the 23rd and he says yesterday my son
was born
so the 22nd so their dates don't match
up so they've got the timing of Louie's
tweet and apparently no matter where you
were still the 23rd of January money
tweeted that but then people began to
look into more detail on Brianna's
pictures so someone who is apparently
friends of Brianna posted this picture
on Twitter saying Brianna just sent this
to me and I'm sorry flight to this
little one and shows this picture of her
lyin ass to bed rubbing her belly as we
can see however this exact image was
posted on someone else's blog long
before Freddie was born as you can see
and people quick to point out the
similarities between Hammad photo and
Brianna's left them right I mean those
two pictures are very similar very
similar even yeah I mean it's the I mean
I think that is very similar pictures
are they like similar nail varnish
similar hair but it's a different room
you can see so thing people look into
this too much the next point is hard to
look at completely because one of the
images is now removed from Instagram
which could cause further speculation
because you know images has been removed
at cetera apparently there is
comparisons now that we're going to look
at between rocks
Tara who's the youtuber and Breanna
there's some similar images that are
about to come out one of them we call no
Coke has been removed from Instagram
which Allah been on this is a shot of
rocks Tara I'm just getting Roxy ter
Roxy Tara I think Roxy Tara this is rock
to Tara there's some images with the
baby wearing a top similar today so this
is Roxy Tara holding a baby
in blue from months ago I think there
was this image that we can't see because
it's been removed from her Instagram is
that where does that's now being removed
I really want to see that photo now but
it's not that as so it's a bit weird
yeah we're just skipping through this
point because we can't look into it
unfortunately right now we're looking at
a picture of Freddie and also a memory
from psycho who gave birth to twins
saying those two look very similar I
mean to me that you know
they do look quite similar but but I
feel like a lot of babies look similar
babies are very you don't have your
features at all when your kit you know
that's what babies look similar they do
people are also saying that won't
Brianna let the hospital
most people are put in wheelchairs and
they leave the hospital but she wasn't
in a wheelchair so she's just walking is
that true I I didn't know that was a
thing is that saying most people are put
into wheelchairs after giving birth
yeah so in our 80s films I mean I've
never seen them give birth
well you've seen in a film yeah my
feature it must be true interesting
apparently every comment is saying that
yeah everyone who has been discharged
from asteroids but in a wheelchair to
their chair part of Health and Safety
the only thing I can think that if she
knew that there would be paparazzi
everywhere
and didn't want to be photographed in a
wheelchair and I'm sure if she really
wants to she can say no I don't want to
go in the wheelchair I'm not sure it's
legally binding that she has to be in a
wheelchair that's my opinion on that
some people look into this so much it is
crazy
apparently these photos these paparazzi
photos were taken on private property
and therefore people believe that these
were set up you know they were staged
paparazzi photos because I'm bright
property I think that's a bit of a long
shot personally because you know that's
on the wall over there just park the car
probably you can find a spot yard is
just I'm going to park the car here
apparently things get even more
complicated off the first photo of Louie
with Freddie is released by looing
though meet my little lad Freddie 2.2
million like 400k comments people jumped
at the photo for being in black and
white when the rest of his feed is not
black and white is easier to distort a
Photoshop etc and hide editing things
this is so intense so people took photo
into Photoshop to examine whether
Freddie is touching Louie
it appears that pretty is not touching
Louis
so here we are to explain this photo
apparently so the red part we see the
red part on the photo you can clearly
see the difference between the
background and Lois chin / the baby's
head why question mark because it was
layered and they tried to blend it
but Photoshop doesn't lie you tried
first point now let's talk about the
light blue part so we can see the light
blue part there right why in the
original pic his hair is different pay
more attention to the difference between
the white color and the light gray color
that they raised a piece of hair that's
why is hair looks different but it's
clearly been arrays within a reason to
that Photoshop offers you mean you know
I think that could be in defense just
blood the background to make them stand
out a bit more so you know that's what
you do that for Tom now people do it on
photos all the time but the pink circle
apparently they added hair to make the
eyebrows thicker again that's nothing to
do with whether the baby's real or not
absolutely nothing in my pen dots blue
circle the weird gray spot that happens
when you try to smudge something you
erased aka his hair again nothing to do
with a baby green area why is this
contrast between Lois shoulder and the
baby's head because they layered the
baby but they didn't blend it to the
rest of Louie's body genius that also
just looks like shadow though you know
there's no light and that's because that
not be shadow what do you guys think
other fans went a step further finding
this old photo of lou overlaying on the
new image suggests poser doctoring took
place this way jesus's systems we show
are them I mean those weird obviously
they're taking that post you can see
step by step they cut it out put a baby
in that is very weird but now I'm going
to take the picture in black and white
it is that picture there the baby does
look weird yeah is in it is interesting
I will give you that some people think
it's not even Louie in the photo because
apparently he has half a heart on his
chest and it's not visible in the photo
of him and Freddie maybe he had it
lasered off maybe it's being blurred but
yeah it's interesting the second photos
also sent everyone into a frenzy as well
lad and that first issue is that Louie's
hair looked considerably shorter in the
photo than it was when he was
photographed at the time the image was
posted that is interesting if that
pictures posted them and it's you know
perhaps later and it has that look that
is actually very interesting to me
that's one of the most interesting pin
but apparently people think the entire
image is photoshopped anyway have a look
why why it's fake you can see that is
where tattoo is so that's a picture
there it is what is and then 78 just
beneath that you should be able to see
that 78 in that photo but you can't that
is interesting
I mean it could be an angle it could be
hidden under that something but it is
interesting other people are saying it
is really real here's a dagger on its
forearm which we can see here then that
would be more visible in that photo
again people do have tattoos removed
there and lasered I don't know if he's
had it lasered I'm just giving other
options out there Germans were a lot a
lot of people think that the baby is a
doll but the craziest photo apparently
was caused by this image
apparently the riggity angle of the feet
looks unnatural and that no two months
old is able to splay their toes like
this that is what year was a baby feed
dole picture when you search that is
very similar to that I will give you
that it is very weird it is a bit weird
that's the thing is that it is a bit
weird
I feel sorry for him for them if it's
not true how much detail and s that
people go to to try and prove this the
same time there is reasoning for people
to believe it's not real I'm still on
the fence we can be honest after that
when I first saw tree now is like that
is just a lie but the tattoo thing is a
bit weird yeah I do feel sorry pen so
I'm still on the fence but what is your
opinion on this I'm sure a lot of you
have different opinions on this whole
situation so would like to know what you
think leave your comments below
subscribe if you are new give video a
thumbs up and I will see you guys
tomorrow in our video all right
get back
