hello hi hello welcome to have another
quiz in a while actually and today's
quiz is who's your celebrity crush
everyone's got a celebrity crush have an
a you just have I like to think my name
is this might as well just not do the
videos I'm gonna tell you mine is
probably Rosie huntington-whiteley
Whitney Rosie Rosie I'm eight Rose since
she was in like the first transformers
videos I've talked about before in
videos before but that's mouthful a
pretty crush
what is your age my age is 18 to 24
what's your gender male what a hair
color are you most attracted to brown
black red blonde what if I was attracted
to blue hair green hair red blonde what
personality you most attracted to
funny cute rebellious hot sexy do you
have a hot personality can your
personality be hot I'm torn between
funny and cute I'm gonna go with I dread
to think what this cause is gonna come
out with what kind of career would you
want them to have a cutter slash actress
musician comedian can't spell or pop
polity and who's making these quizzes
I'm sorry actress or musician I'm gonna
go musician because I would really like
if someone could just let sing to me I'd
be like oh bit better than that does he
/ she have to be the best have to have
to have the best taste in clothes know
what type of haircut would you want him
/ her to have long shore wavy curly this
quiz is just like the one isn't it it
just is the one healing of wavy a little
bit wavy hair what's your favorite food
pizza pasta fruits and veg fruits and
veg do you judge people by weight height
personality clothes none of those who
touches people by their height let is
that big what stupid question anything I
go with it just makes me sound horrible
I'm gonna close my eyes and scroll it up
and down that ladder Dow is it on wait
great that's that's not like like that
isn't my choice but that's the fairest
thing I could think of to do don't judge
me on that what do you do when you're
nervous
fart / burp is that thing farting when
you're nervous like if I be in something
like gassy or maybe yeah but nervous
sweat he if spelled pee like piei like
Petit Pois like pees you eat faint
mumble when I'm not
ahh I want to put pee - but this is so
 ridiculous
Fame
sweat I sweat who do you expect to be a
celebrity crush right now
no why I don't know that's why I took
this quiz what question while I don't
really care again an absolutely
ridiculous question to have on this quiz
I'm not going to go I don't know that's
what this quiz how much did you enjoy
taking this quiz a lot it was okay
totally pointless
it sucked it was a lot of fun it sucked
to be completely honest but let's find
out who my celebrity crush is this one
all nervous your celebrity crush is
Zooey Deschanel a very very cute actress
with a great personality she has a great
taste in clothes and always seems to be
happy cool so my other options Miley
Cyrus 49% Johnny Depp 40% if I fancy
swinging for the other side Joseph
Levitt James McAvoy
Michael boy Megan Fox Trace sight Cyrus
not show you that is Tracy but we not
trace Ashton Kutcher I do these quizzes
Moors like taking the piss out of the
quiz just for how bad they are basically
and obviously hopefully you guys can
enjoy that too quiz is thumbs up for
more of these fantastic quizzes to be
honest BuzzFeed do some quite like
actually good quizzes I might just move
on to BuzzFeed sorry this website but
yeah I hope you guys liked this video
and I will see you
