hello hi welcome back to youtubers baby
pictures number three ribbity novels man
so you guys no score I have a selection
of youtubers baby photos in front of me
I've never seen them don't know who they
are I have to guess who they are you
guys guess along with me although you
probably know who they are because you
know you guys are better at this stuff
than me
I mean that's that just isn't a zebra is
that a boy or a girl
uh is that a boy yeah that's a boy they
wearing one had a Chinese jumper this
looked weirdly like my little sister
when she was a baby this is English yeah
they're not similar to your favorite
person Pheebs that's not gonna may nod
what guys not gonna may nod what is you
know YouTube oh oh a youtuber is he a
celebrity yeah oh I don't know I'm your
leper T whoa whoa who's this this is
someone that I don't know their hair is
extremely black for this picture then
sailors cost you more that's not lose
this is it's not food so they're not on
a boat what you're saying is they're not
gonna buy a pirate then oh they're not
born to Jack Sparrow on a no okay
that's not sprinkling glitter there's no
girl that's a boy right is that Charlie
McDonnell this just doesn't look like
whoever whoever this is I mean I done
 cepsa wait that's not true that's
not true Troy oh my god you look so
funny I'm sorry I love you very dearly
um and that is Troy well to nail to the
computer oh okay there we go
I know that that's needed here you go
that is neat
what a haircut what an ad he is one of
my favorite youtubers so I got me just
thrown away oh this is a gal it's that I
have a feeling I might know this is by
not hunt
grace Helbig it's not is its grace oh my
god
it's her eyes and also that were like a
little cheeks here their little pockets
of cheeks when she smiles like what that
looks like it's been taken on some
public transport like someone set up sit
on the tube is just gone oh that's a
cute baby I'll snap a pic I'm just gonna
throw this out there this could be wrong
is that Michelle Phan yeah yes what a
legend I am I'm just talented at
guessing baby photos obviously I think I
know who this is they're twins yeah I'm
pretty sure this is Jack and Finn
Harries okay jacksgap
I mean I'm not talented enough to know
who's who's Jack who's been well done
Marcus and that concludes youtubers baby
guessing youtubers baby photos number
three is actually my favorite thing to
do just because I liked Elvis you see
how fantastically bad I am some of the
time but I got four out of six hope you
guys liked it if you do enjoy the series
give the video a big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow bye
