hey what's up look I've got an actual
chair rather than where is it rather
than this thing that hurts my back we've
got my big boy office chair so in
today's video I'm working with Santana
on their new campaign which is all about
driving innovation and there's a really
cool competition which I'll let you guys
know about at the end of the video so
make sure you stay around for that but
first they go in touch with me and they
were like hey Markus what do you do
that's like innovative in your house and
I was like what can I do for this so I
was like right what about life hacks so
if you guys have read my book hello like
some chef there hello you will know if
you read that book that I talked about
various different light packs so I
thought why not I am a man with lots of
life hacks because I'm not I'm not
oh I am so I thought why not make it fun
and visual and actually like show you
five of my actual life hacks that I use
because they're pretty good it's my door
we're gonna start off nice and simple
number one you know when you have like a
packet of something and you try it you
can't open it like some food or
chocolate bar or something and you're
trying to open it and your fingers are
either slippery all the packs just being
really really really annoying I have a
tip for that you will need two coins in
my case 210 PS place said Tempe on one
side other Tempe on the other side
so then simple 1 2 3 da use these little
boys he's come in handy yeah number 2
which features in my book you're gonna
need a pair of these glasses or
sunglasses now this is for if you do
love traveling or even if you like
watched up at home on the breakfast
table or anything when you're trying to
watch thing on your phone honest you've
got one of those fancy aces that helps
it stand up alright
you're fine right you end up trying
balance he'll days and it slipped down
falls over these are literally life save
ok I'm going to show you what people
asses down grab your phone stick it in
the top play your favorite youtuber one
BAM things you know that is your
vocalist and number three you need one
of these
this looks pretty lethal all this is is
a tin opener this one is actually
probably my favorite out of the five
that I'm going to show you so again
we're going onto package
you know when it's usually like
electronics or you buy like a memory
card and it's in that plastic packaging
that's really really hard to get into
and you can't just rip it it's like
fully sucks down this is an example of
that yeah you know when it's got one of
these on the top and you're just like is
there really any point in that so it's
going in here
squeeze in so that's now like locked in
and you just twist them the doomed and
Damned and into doom there you can see
you will have a very very nice entry to
then open your package number four is
all to do with hiccups now you know when
you get hiccups and there's all these
methods or hold your breath make someone
scare you but same cold down your back
eat your banana all those kinds of
things and they don't usually work this
actually genuinely works like 90% of
time okay so this may look a bit weird I
have got hiccups this is what you do get
a glass of water then you drink upside
down put your mouth on the other another
cup like so and then sit tada
then you hear cups will go and number
five you need some of this toilet roll
well actually you don't you need none of
this to be completely honest don't worry
this isn't going to waste you need one
of these you are going to need toilet
roll empty and some kind of sharp object
would be safe with it and then huffed
out there is my slit take your phone
place it in a slit like so then all we
do is pay favorite song and you have
your music for the party
yeah lucky Bubba on the track
well those are my five life-changing
life hacks hopefully you've learned
something new from watching this if you
have let me know or you guys might have
other life hacks that I don't know about
so let me know those in the comments so
the beginning of the video I told you
about a contest that you guys can enter
I'm gonna tell you all about that now so
basically santander is trying to make
people's life easier
through innovation and the contest is
they are looking for homemade innovation
so this is obviously homemade innovation
what I've showed you I'm sure you guys
have got plenty of your own ideas if you
have an amazing idea all you have to do
is send it in by text image or video
there will be a link in the top line in
the description now this is a pretty
cool bet the winner of this contest gets
to go to Barcelona and go on a Formula
One day experience with Santander anyway
I hope you guys like this video i'm sure
you've taken away some incredible life
hacks or you may already know all of
them but yeah if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and I will see
you people tomorrow bye
