Hey how's it going my name is Marcus
Butler I thought I would do a video
called
25 facts about me but I realized since
I've been posting on this channel I
haven't really shared much about me like
I'm doing loads of fun stuff I'm having
loads of fun doing it but I was like
maybe I should just be a bit more like
hi this is who I am first thing about me
this this isn't the first thing I have a
book out called hello life this is the
American version this is the UK version
but this one just came out the other day
in America if you guys want to get it
I'll leave an Amazon link or you can go
into any bookshop this one's already out
so if you want to get that off so leave
a link to that number one I am a very
sensitive person I don't usually show
this so I'm one of those people that's
like a secret crier so if I'm watching a
film in the cinema I'll be one of those
that has like tears running out their
eyes but I kind of pretend them on hgi
to get rid of that tear number two my
middle name is Lloyd in case you cared
or wanted to know or didn't know number
three my first official job was in a
clothes shop called next I worked there
for a whole year when I was 16 / 17 and
I kind of really liked it at first and
then ended up hating it because dealing
with customers in a retail shop is hard
you get shouted at you get screamed at
people throw stuff at you yeah and
before I love music literally music is
part of my everyday life I genuinely
could not live without music number five
I used to eat loads and loads of junk
food really bad foods like just so much
bad stuff like every single day and
about a year and a half ago two years
ago I decided to like get into fitness
and health and change my diet interviews
at E and end up losing like three in a
bit stone which is something I'm really
proud of to this day number six I used
to have guitar lessons although
yeah definitely out of tune number seven
I have really really really weird elbows
that's what a normal person's arm looks
like right my arm hyperextends so my arm
straight is that my arms just bend in
what what I had to my arms either look
at that that's not meant to happen with
your old number a I used to play
basketball at a very high level
throughout my youth I played in the top
division in youth basketball in the
country that you could so it's like
imagine playing in the Premier League
for football in their youth teams it was
like at the bar t4y just playing that
leaguers paste my County parts of the
country all that kind of stuff so I can
shoot the hoops I had this toy when I
was a baby growing up called Nellie it
was this little red elephant took it
everywhere with me slept with it colored
it probably wiped my nose were there
when I was 10 that went missing in our
hotel room our family hotel room my
sisters were laughing at me for it I
thought they'd hidden there it was the
worst holiday ever because I lost my
favorite toy when I was 10 that toy was
never found we left a message with the
cleaners we went to over at reception I
was honestly the grumpiest kid even
though it's in Disney out because that's
my favorite toy I've broken a lot of
bones elbow three times collarbone once
thumb no finger once someone sprained my
neck when I was 12 I started my own eBay
account because I wanted to start making
money when I was 12 so I used to go
around the house find things that I
thought didn't have a use take pictures
of them create this little thing and
sell them on eBay like how did I do that
I mean I use my once I'd sold it I was
like Simon oh how do I sit in something
to this person in fraud lucky I had him
to help me out and then he realized that
the stuff I selling probably wasn't mine
number 12
when I hit a hundred thousand
subscribers I stood on top of a plane
and did something called wing-walking
I have a massive phobia of bees like
massive they scare the absolute crap out
of me
and I don't know why I do not know why I
have this phobia I would like to have
visited five countries in every
continent around the world
wait is that possible oh it's Australia
on its own calm
where I can I would like to this hit
five countries in all continents around
the world before I die
I've got bit more bit didn't it 15 I do
actually have to wear glasses it's not
just for fashion I'm not you know I am a
bit of a legend in the fashion world
this one's a bit weird I have nine
Guinness World Records probably some of
them being beaten now but one stage I
held nine Guinness World Records
probably can even reel them all off to
you right now
number seventeen I'm pretty good at
handstands my birthday falls on December
the 18th my little sister's falls on
December the 17th so when we're growing
up I used to always get really jealous
that she had to open her presents the
day before mine so I used to just open
all her presents for her she would wake
up in the morning go joke their presents
I just start opening all of them as well
I just got jealous
what dick move I used to be very good at
gymnastics I was county gymnast campion
County champion for Sussex three times
my speciality which was Lauren bolt
speciality
that's just what competed in my twin
Peter when we were younger we had a dog
house in our house yeah no no you know
our dog houses that dolls house had a
tiny little toilet about this big and it
had a little battery flushed toilet
right
so you'd flush it and it'd make a little
town I won stuff while it was sister she
could use that as a toilet I don't know
how we are very very young so that toy
that was put on the floor my little
sister tried to we in that toilet ended
up winning all over the carpet
my mum comes in the room obviously is
like what the bloody hell is going on
and I've just had love you fight like
such a mean brother
number 21 I used to want to be really
good at dancing like when the first step
up films come out I was really inspired
so I started doing online dance lessons
and YouTube yeah my earring some of you
still like oh you have an ear piercing I
did myself when I was 14
actually I've done it twice first time I
did it when I was 12 on Cruz did it
properly you know got ice on your ear
got a piece of Apple like they're doing
Parent Trap then to get out like the
next day then when I was 14 I was like
you know what I want to actually
probably Pierce my hair I go an earring
stupidly just went straight to my ear
and pushed it through like that went in
show my sister she was like Marcus
that's in the wrong place I went oh
whoops unpooled err I'm pulled it pulled
out just put it right next to it pierced
it again but did I not have any pain
threshold then you can see now actually
if i zoom in on the hole itself is
actually a tiny bit low in comparison
with my ear this is nice in place isn't
it hello oh that's a nice pimple there I
went through a phase of stretching my
ear so I stretched it up to like 0.6
millimeters you know where you could
stretch it with plugs 23 I'm 6 foot 1
I'm a Liverpool fan
oh I'm also a big basketball fan
favorite players LeBron James Steph
Curry legends ball in and now you
probably know a little bit more about me
that you didn't need to know nor cared
about so that's what being a YouTube is
about and doing these tags but I wanted
to do this so I hope you guys did liked
it if you did you know what to do
smash that like button down there and I
will see you wonderful people on this
channel tomorrow if you're new around
here subscribe post videos every day hit
subscribe button alright bye
