hello how are you doing today so I am
gonna do a video which I've probably
wanted to do for ages and by sort oh
well as the other day and that's what
made me realize I should just do it
basically as you guys know I am into my
music I posted playlist because Sunday
sounds for like a good year I post
playlist on Spotify on 8 tracks I just
never really share them with you so I
think I'm gonna start doing this like
monthly because obviously I can on this
channel or more often if you guys want
it but I'm gonna share with you five
songs that pretty freaking dope right
now oh my head anyway you guys may
already know them you may not this is a
possibility for me to tell you to follow
me on Spotify I've only just really got
into it and in terms of like sharing my
Spotify with you so my username right
now is Marcus Butler full stop don't
really know why it's a little bit
annoying I'm trying to sort it out but
I'll put a link down there or you guys
just go follow it I don't really know
how you do that yeah I'm still trying to
figure all that stuff out yes that is
that but you will find mostly stuff on
there this isn't any particular like
theme either I'm just gonna be very like
broad with there let me just nice get a
little pump in that chair this isn't any
particular music genre this is just
across the whole board five songs that
I'm loving right now like I'm breathing
my last bed
okay so I off this incredible artist
called Lapsley she's from the UK I think
she's only like 18 or 19 and this song
is just magical
so it's called hurt me I'm just opinion
heartbreak good nah no I know I know
give me the song gives me goosebumps I
just love it hurt me
also singing on that her Sam
I don't know this is gonna be really
awkward you just listening to music and
me sitting here like bopping along that
but it's mom I just want to share this
light awesome music with you guys number
two are my songs to advise you on is an
incredible incredible squid Jack Garratt
Jack Garratt yeah kara and he is on the
rise he won like breakthrough outs of
the year or something the other day and
this song called weathered is just
unbelievable just throwing out well
starts off like nice and as if you
listening to like a church choir and
when the bee kicks in is just the chorus
he just goes in
when my son
all right so good this is a little bit
old this song number three this is a
remix it originated by Gabrielle a plan
and its own Fuji remix um it's just dope
you guys might recognize the original
song the fringes are just a really sick
beat I've now got funny head okay next
we are moving on to a slightly higher
vibe hi-fi cows vibe I basically I'm
really into house music as well
particularly kind of like a little bit
few tree house there's so many genres of
house it's like what what even is that
hot these things this is by an artist
called chammy
it's a another remix but it's just so
good so enjoyed this isn't on my Spotify
there's so much SoundCloud links to both
will be down there I'm so good when it
drop if you're into this music anyway
some people are some people are I'm just
giving you variety you know
Oh
there we go if you like your house
there's another house one for you moving
on to another slightly upbeat but going
back to my Spotify payers this is an
Emenike it's called the rhythm and I
don't know how new it is you guys might
have heard this one because it might be
slightly more mainstream a
it's just like a shot
which is a really I just love this beat
it's just really cool there we go those
are five of my favorite songs right now
I've made playlists like I said so if
you enjoyed some of this stuff there's a
whole variety on there so if you'd like
really chill really mellow if you'd like
some upbeat stuff if you like some house
stuff there's literally a bit of
everything in there even up MJB um so go
check out basically and oh yeah if you
did enjoy this and want me to share more
because music I'm very passionate about
and I love opening people up to new
music and new artists and stuff like
that always have done as you guys will
know so yeah if you want more let me
know by giving the video a thumbs up or
just sharing your thoughts in the
comments all right love you guys it's
Mario bye
