hello hi I'm wearing a very very scooped
top today I haven't actually worn this
song like well I'm sad like this it just
way those top is never-ending I haven't
worn this t-shirt in ages and I throw it
in my wardrobe I was like you know what
I'm gonna put that on today welcome to a
tasting with Marcus
I have something only one thing but it's
gonna either be really really cool and
interesting or really really weird it is
this this is something called blue beer
and I'm just gonna wait for the Bell as
I was trying to show you this as you can
see not yeah as you can see that is very
very blue on the can I obviously haven't
opened this not sure if it's gonna be
that blue but we're gonna got glass and
we can able to calm me okay this is but
this is beer right this smells like beer
and it's actual ingredients Zac cherry
fication starch malt
Negin gamo hops blue one enjoy the
smooth feeling on your throat crisp and
rich of fragrance and flavor okay oh my
god
okay I'm pretty sure this doesn't look
as blue on through here as it is in real
life the coolest thing that's beer
that's this is a this is a beverage it's
its smell it's bitter beer does not look
like that where do they serve this
imagine you feel like oh yeah can I just
get bit then they bring this over in the
restaurant you just be like that's
that's not Vieira's they're like can I
come again actual bit a little bit
nervous there doesn't feel right to be
drinking a blue beer Cheers this is the
weirdest thing in a world that that's
just normal
it's just normal bit it tastes exactly
like beer tastes I mean what is a beer
isn't it is it alcoholic actually yeah
five percent so yeah
drinking alcohol more Marcus that's
that's probably not good thing is it but
hey it's blue bit I'm down it ruh-oh
shot got a bit of a blue beer for the
day yeah it's my go to accent I'm really
weirded out by that that is blue beer
ladies gentlemen boys and girls can you
get red beer can you get Greek to me a
yell of it rainbow beer oh my god
rainbow bit if that came and was in
rainbow that would be impressive Japan
when I did try Japanese soda your stuff
was nuts there so that does not
surprising that that comes from Japan I
know this video is probably a bit short
and sweet but and maybe I should either
do like a coupler tasting things in one
thing or I thought this was just one
specific I want to just talk about it
and show it because it's so strange if
you guys ever see blue beer have a taste
if you're over the age of 18 or 21 or
whatever age you have to be in your
country I'm not gonna real up every
single country because I don't know the
answer to that so make sure you drink
sensibly and stay safe great thumbs up
the video and I hope see you tomorrow
bye
