hello I really need to stop doing that
donut I feel like every video recently
I'm like Hello who has ever greeted
someone like this i have opened myself
up to you guys alright i have shared
some raw private advise from my main
channel with you yeah two of them now
and i think it's funny so i might just
make it into a little series and just
like said I in total on both channels I
probably got 50 private advise so if you
guys want to see them give this video
thumbs up and let me know because it's
funny to look back on and yes it's
Korean Jess it's like oh my god world
zoo like work but it's nice to like look
at where i started i guess and see why
is doing five years ago started from the
bottom now we're here this video is
called paranormal activity kills 14 year
old girl as 15,000 views 387 thumbs up
so top line description this is this
just full of video sales 14 year old
girl was rushed hospital after watching
paranormal activity because she was in a
state of paralysis only many others
suffering from panic attacks right I did
I think I was some kind of news out
there or it's gonna zoom that in a bit
there we go there no I'll just sneak 5
stars4 cool sound effect what some like
cackling oh I might just let this play
without saying anything because the
first that is just shit my utter shit
just that just that intro on its own me
and my friend Max and Max help me make
that and honestly I thought it was
incredible like the idea to switch
t-shirts and change vision and a/c just
going to play it for you
there's nothing I understand shit come
on come on I'm obviously trying a bit
too paranoid we were filming she got mad
at in sound effects oh the harpy just
suddenly comes out of nowhere showing
all my parents room cool o heart beats
getting faster oh hello so yeah I'm sure
most of you guys watching I've heard of
a film paranormal activity I'm so bloody
boring hello I'm sure most of you have
heard of the fair on paranormal activity
the film has been released in italy this
weekend and they've been really clever
about it too because what they've done
is they've given it no restrictions so
anyone could go and see it so a
three-year-old no way Marcus is that
true at three look at that necklace a
three-year-old go in there and watch it
that is mental like that is bonkers
really well so this of course force
loads of young people to go and watch
the film and in turn they all died okay
what was a little bit morbid what's a
helper puff basically I didn't realize
that you would when you sighed youtube
so how YouTube works like you film video
see hit record when I saw video a hit
record and I leave it running and then
you know if I'm having a moment where I
don't speak then I speak you just make a
cut right when I used to film videos
every sentence I'd say I'd hit record
say the sentence stop record like why
did I do that that's why you can always
see me like turning towards the camera
story is there to Mos marques the
government or whoever decides
restrictions on films they're just
retarded so you can use that word
markers oh my god you can use that word
like that that's no cool maybe Italians
are just pussies
hey wrong with me bring Italians are
just pussies oh I'm not a horrible
person people let's go back second one
maybe Italians are just pussies no
offense of any emotional message sorry a
penny on d'Italia and bar laughs for a
couple of questions for you if you've
seen paranormal activity what do you
think of it or what's the scariest thing
that's ever happened to you great
question the markers don't forget to
write and I'll see you next time but by
Obama don't forget to rate rating used
to it then if you're new to YouTube you
might not know you used to rate videos
on a five-star basis so you could give
it 1 2 3 4 5 stars yeah what a shit
video that's when I was like oh yeah you
know I'm gonna do news stories on
youtube because that's cool to do I mean
there's worse videos I've done but i'm
just a fait already online and a lot of
things in that video so glad i've shared
that one with you like i said if you
would like to see more of these then
yeah let me know because great
entertainment and i hope you did enjoy
it so good i will see you guys tomorrow
that's about it bye
