well this hat doesn't look good as a
snapback on me does it
hello hi um I just started filming this
video did like five minutes and then
reload the mic goes long way that's fun
obviously you can see by Titleist video
it is guess the celebrity baby picture
you guys absolutely love the kissy
youtubers so I was like oh I could try
it with celebrities even though I should
point out I'm one of those people who
just is terrible with celebrities in
general like their names and stuff you
know if you're in a room and there's
people that like oh yeah did you show
you that can't even thing so much your
name then but when those people like
that and they you know say all these
names and then I'm just there like don't
really know that person sorry
ah there we go back to a different hat
that you know it's time I should
probably confess that I marks mother and
a little bit of a believer just a little
bit who on earth is this person okay we
have got a woman and that is Britney
Spears we have a woman and that is
Christine Aguilera
we have a woman and that is Taylor Swift
that's a nice wind oh yeah oh yeah you
know I'm only 22
that's not how the song goes is it I
don't know about you Pantheon in 22 or
who's this little munchkin
is it one of the Jonas Brothers is it a
Zac Efron it's a really really
good-looking kid like a really cute
good-looking kiss not weird on guys I'm
not weird I the good-looking now oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah sure
are you versa they've really famous yeah
not as famous as me okay alright I've
got you know sing in a band or so
neither man used to be in a band
oh my god is it JT Justin Timberlake oh
yeah it's meant to be senorita this of
this really looks like Neil from The
Inbetweeners so yeah is that you knew
that is a not ed Sheeran I'm sorry
hottest Louie from one day Niall yeah no
my god what the hell when no black hair
now I can see his little like face there
now is there wise but Niall you don't
like me or from him between us so I'm
doing so well so far oh I know who you
are you are a cardan evene yeah that is
such a good representation I've heard
like I feel like she's such a sweetheart
I've never met her so I can't confirm
this but in all my pictures she's like
that still know and she's like and
that's what she's like they're so I know
you are what's your name though oh my
god yeah I mean it's obviously Hermione
flippin Emma snow not him a stone and
what CERN there we go sorry Harry Potter
errs don't kill me
so that's one of those photos that like
your family makes you do sometimes and
they're just like hey go stand here we
need a family photo of you I literally
had it for a second then I had the name
in my head for a second then oh wait
it's a singer actor yeah so honest I
want Steve out on them hey Steve oh yeah
Steve Carell yeah
what good marketers so bad it is
boomshakalaka that was fun for my first
ever celebrity attempt of getting photos
it's hard because obviously what's there
are so many celebrities in this world
versus like youtubers so whereas
youtubes I pretty much feel like I know
every single youtuber where it's
celebrities I'm like it's just gonna be
a lot harder isn't it so yeah but I hope
you guys did enjoy if you want episode 2
and you want me to make this into a
series again as well then give the video
a big thumbs up alright bye
