they are sprinkler Reno's I'm really
happy mood guys because I just filmed
video and sound wasn't recording do
trusteth Mike Dave I have a box set box
contains portal Bay popcorn hand pops in
Devon lovely
I basically and a massive popcorn fan
I'm I like love it
I always have loved there I'm the person
who goes to the cinema and I always get
a large so like if you're a sweet person
step aside because it is salt through
and through and I'm also versity usually
is all of that before the film actually
starts just because I think I get a bit
too into get excited go out till I say I
have got a variety of like very unique
flavors and I thought it would be great
for me to try and also you guys can see
it
which we do first crispy bacon and maple
syrup like I'm hoping this is gonna be
like a nice tasting video also yes was
about that haircut crispy bacon maple
just bacon a maple syrup is that is that
thin why would you have a bacon sandwich
and go oh she fancies for maple syrup in
our sandwich smells very maple syrupy oh
that's really oh my god that is so good
it doesn't taste that bacon II just very
maple syrupy very good flavor flavor any
good one well done
so uh see I'm just gonna I'm not gonna
do sweet and salty because you guys have
probably had seen so you probably know
so yes so it is chili and lime oh it
looks very very chilly chilly mm-hmm oh
my god this is so nice
seriously seriously good it's just a
nice sensation going on in the mouth let
you put it in and it's like oh yeah
that's a little spicy
you know after it twinkles in with a
little bit of lime okay onto Very Berry
by Mary berry haha they smell more like
sweets
tastes very much like sweets very very
sweet interesting not should not
massively keen on that Vasavi and sweet
ginger this could make your nose run
from smell oh no oh I'm sorry I'm not
fat mom it's not like overpowering with
wasabi so just there's a bit dull and
just like what the cappuccino or smells
like coffee or a cappuccino really
really good I like that a lot that
tastes like a coffee my cappuccino
Paulina and there we have some lemon
sherbet crunchy sweet popcorn personally
I'm not usually a fan of sweet popcorn
so
Oh I mean nail the flavoring absolutely
nailed that but on popcorn is a weird
crunching I can feel the sugar like just
there does taste exactly like lemon
sherbet though so very impressed I think
my favorites the Chilean I'm going for a
bit more than 1200 my god there's
horrendous I'm not a massive cinnamon
lover
I feel like cinnamon especially as we're
coming up to Christmas as well loads of
people were like oh yeah stick to my
drink
I'm liking that well that is my first
ever popcorn tasting experiment actually
in America you have some strange flavors
of popcorn going on like cheese this is
made in England I don't know if you guys
have ever had this before if it's the
thing around the world I have never
tried any of these before
yeah that's a lot funny my stomach now
that's good Paul to obey popcorn okay
ish I really hope you like this video
very fun for me to try these different
flavors if there's something in
particular in particular you would like
me to try or you've want to recommend
and of course leave your suggestions in
the comments and I will see you guys
smart bye
