hello beautiful sexy people look at this
young fresh-faced Marcus today I've a
little shave compared to the last video
you would have seen maybe so this meme
of a shaved face welcome to the channel
welcome to the video today I'm going to
be having a look at some of the things
that you people have made about me on
the Internet
I mean there's only probably there's any
very few people that made these things
but we're gonna be having a look at some
fan edits essentially and things on them
I like quite funny too let's jump in
okay so the first one we're looking at
is Sarkis Zoe sugg and Marcus Butler
this is twenty fifty like 2013 I can see
their channel is called fan videos and
the picture of that is me Caspar and
Alfie literally five years ago so it's
always got 15,000 views quite a lot 32
comments are brilliant top coin itself
you wasn't a thing I would definitely
ships ask us all the way that's weird
I hope it's not like like that kind of
video because that's weird to me to
watch oh my God look how look at my face
it is glosses that is back in the day so
great
and we danced all night to the best song
ever and they're just put in pictures in
look at me I don't have a chin where is
my chin they look so different this is
like a complete different person
nice shirt to assess a match it is a
shirt that you wear it's a good job oh
my god Joe that I think that might be
mean for Joe was like youtubing and
there's your Joe in the background start
peeling a car that's my car my little
polo oh I loved that car you can see I
had like little I've got my little radio
put in and I thought really cool it's
just there's just a bit weird to watch
this because they're just putting videos
video clips from us and just plain one
notion at the top there oh my god when
we do Guinness World Record that photo I
remember that that is when like all of
us youtubers were hanging out that was a
helping cast the flat in London I'm
wearing a Miami vest don't know why but
and I'm still doing that weird face
shows Alfie so spin to be fair we just
we just yeah that was when everything
was getting started this is emotional as
the mouth again though here's good Isis
initiate don't leave that darkest video
there now yeah we can case yes very old
like they're very old videos and very
old photos right next one we have got
Stephanie and Marcus I'm perfect for you
was that little action Matt found these
by the way I don't know what they are
it's not me like finding these these are
Matt finds there's very few 16,000 views
this on a lot more recent general this
my favorite thing when people i justed
is when I first started posting videos
that weren't mine just the whole
description is copyright Disclaimer
under Section 107 of the Copyright Act
1976 allowance is made for fair use for
purposes such as criticism comment news
reporting teaching scholarship blah blah
blah basically everyone just think that
if they post
video that isn't theirs and put that in
there fine like they're not going to get
copyrighted but I mean I'm not going
right you don't worry I'm not gonna like
the video Stephanie and my son / - here
we go
when I first saw you I could tell you
very cute with the music straightaway
that was so I edited if you like was in
trouble in hotel rooms and smash the
plate on the floor in a hotel room that
great hair looking like great I was
spraying great hair in Berlin Oh Rahman
perfect soldier where's the ha Oh
Coachella get killer very well edited
did you chosen a great song the lyrics
are if you like driving with the windows
down and we're in a convertible collar
oh look my little face my teeth are so
different neck now about my eyewear my
braces anyone perfect is it very jazzy
my oh my god it wasn't that white fill
it that's when I first went or was that
comfies vlog does he Alfie's vlog when
we only been together of like a month
then we hung out of outfit went playing
laser Quest and everything was
illuminated from my hair is just
that is a very very cute video a big fan
of that one the next video we're going
to be looking at is Marcus Butler vine
at it again from 2015 so let's have a
little look at some old tool Marcus so
interesting the people put upon to edit
me editing me a module a crazy healthy
you get like literally are we in Ibiza
the thought is is like speed the video
up abet Chatham House me do Hana is this
wrong barrel prank video
love me spoiler
what is that when I'm in a suit in the
car looking all fancy it's so
interesting looking at me back then I
feel like such a different person there
versus now you see I actually think in
some of these clips not to get a little
deep here I think I look a bit ill when
I went through maybe I'll make a video
about one day because I've made like a
body transformation video but a few
years ago and I've talked about a little
bit before but I took that to extreme
and you can really when I look back now
you can really see it in my face
how Gordon did I look not there that's
like when a little bit show is like
they're slow damn so they're got its
Margaret so whenever I watch old videos
back there those are only a few years
old but when I was old videos back I get
really caught a narcissist against the
complete wrong one it really nostalgic
because I forget how long I've been on
YouTube now and it's been like this wave
and this journey of like a roller
coaster literally like a real-life
roller coaster of like amazing
experiences that I've been through with
some amazing people and it's so nice
that I've got those memories and seeing
those videos and stuff it's nice that
they're there because it always
refreshes that memory of that time that
I experienced with them that's something
I'm always going to be grateful for so
kind of like ah nice to look back on but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did give it a thumbs up subscribe
if your new post videos every single day
and I will see you beautiful people to
overdub video goodbye
