hey guys how's it going just like do a
nice little fun snapchat story for you
guys today this is real wood I think you
guys actual would like a beat actually
this is a bottle how does it others
bought anything but it's amazing that
you can drink from that don't hink is
weird that this is like looks black
there and then it's all of a sudden
clear it's quite weird hello echo hi
this is what school like technology in
cables we can stick that in there and
literally like a few seconds transfer
subsequently but how like how is a pen
silver so not what's interesting is when
you finish like food or whatever but we
have something four bins and you can
just put that in there and that's its
home now ooh and then it's very down and
not furry up like so strange that stroke
pattern sometimes in the morning I like
to talk to and this think it's a deer
but like where did how was this made
like who put it there who controls that
how it goes from sunny to window now
it's windy epic
what's quite interesting is there's like
I think these are plants outside but
then you also have them inside so but
this is um this is charcoal and this is
a stone if you think about this is
basically a tree that is a tree I guess
the four is as well would one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven this I think is for this just
like it doesn't then ruin is that word
yeah time is just so odd by 60 seconds
is it's basically a minute so weird like
that is this is electricity and it's off
and on this is like a plastic or Lee and
then I think yeah it's wood we're just
instantly connected just through is it
bent by its sweet is there really hope
you guys liked this story it was super
fun to film I'm going to try and do
daily stories because i'm a lover Stacy
snapper snapper snow
