uhh
I did a part 1 of eating jelly beans of
the alga disgusting ones and you guys
seem to like it yeah that's what we're
doing today but what what's bad is the
ones that were left not included we're
probably the worst but these are
probably the worst ones that were left
that I didn't touch in the first video
hooray
can't wait for that yay so basically
today I'm going to be consuming either
moldy cheese or caramel corn skunk spray
or licorice booger or juicy pear barf or
peach rotten egg or buttered popcorn
those are my my lovely options what to
start with
why don't we start with rotten egg
rotten eggs actually gonna be disgusting
thinking about oh yeah yeah rotten egg
or buttered popcorn oh my god okay
those worse than dog food
oh those absolute disgusting we're gonna
go your straight in with booger or pear
this is either a snotty crusty moldy
bogey or it's pear nice juicy pear okay
I absolutely disgusting but I want to
try and keep it in my mouth oh god why
why what the worst box
don't spray or licorice I love licorice
like absolutely love licorice ah
licorice is so good um yeah I know
you're saying they're waiting for me to
do it again on you should see when I get
it my check is not dog food oh I
absolutely vile it tastes like I've
eaten someone's fault that was mean that
was really really not nice I've still
got a lingering around in there as well
I think this is either moldy cheese or
caramel corn there we go oh that is
repulsive
it is so strong what I think that is the
worst one I've had so far you do know
her guys the only one that's left now is
vomit I've been avoiding this one
because who wants for me in them
I'm genuinely scared so I might make me
gag this is this is either vomit or or
peach vomit or peach just think of a
nice big juicy Giant Peach that's what
this is it's definitely not vomit oh my
god I feel like I've been sick my mouth
welcome instead and now I've got two
spaces in my mouth it's that you know
when you have been sick and then you
clean your teeth and you've got that
weird like after cleaning sick thing
that was the app that was the worst by
far my absolute worst by far worse is I
can smell it now I just smells I've been
sick in this room that was actually
really fun to film and I hopefully fun
for you to watch I don't know if you
guys have done this at home but don't
recommend no it's a good laugh like if
you want to play with a friend it's
definitely a good laugh to do so yeah
maybe do try it at some point expect the
worse because hey out of ten eight out
of ten were bad for me I mean I had all
the bad ones anyway but I don't have a
rotten egg sick burp that yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you want
more stuff like this of course you know
what to do make sure to give that button
a like button that thumbs up button
something click that like button down
below and leave me a comment better than
you want see all right guys
