hello today I'm doing something that
I've never done before I don't really
know why I'm doing it because it's just
stupidly embarrassing and it opens me up
and it's like for you guys to just look
at me and go wow what a dick your life
is or was basically as you can tell by
the title of the video I'm looking at
some my old facebook photos profile
photos I guess we should start with so
this again could be a series if you guys
are really keen for those fetus Marcos
photos the first thing we're gonna do is
just go back to the first ever picture
is my profile photo so my first have a
Facebook profile photo let's see what it
was here we go
I honors you don't know what is I think
it might be me with a group of people no
that's me a best mate max with us why I
got half-eaten slice of pizza in my hand
I'm pretty sure we both got no there's
nyan sticks that you snap and then they
become neon lights pretty sure we put
those hanging out of our ears with
flower necklaces on definitely in
swimming shorts oh I think oh my god
actually I think we're at a friend's
Hawaiian themed party and that's why
maybe I even had the slicer feature and
it was Hawaiian pizza oh so I did there
next one me looking extremely confused
with my friend Sam
that was me rockin that bead necklace as
well really really keen on that when I
was younger I became friends with the
people in the year Bob at school and we
started going to like me and Mac start
going to their like house parties in
like gatherings and all these little
things and this is one of our first ones
a big red tee and you can just tell that
we all think we're so cool there's so
much swag when really we're just
absolute knobs by the looks of it look
at me what do I do I'm like hanging off
the Maison I went through the stage as
well right so it was really really cool
to where I used to space cage to be
upset around polo necks but I always
wear a different kind of t-shirt beneath
so through the like button opening you
just see a different color t-shirt oh
yes there it is the beach bod of Marcus
Butler before I started getting a bit
chubs
I was 15 here and I used to like be
obsessed and I made this picture my
profile photo on Facebook on MySpace on
Bebo like it was everywhere oh this is
the first Oh picture of me know me like
ever in existence this is when we
weren't going out they were just friends
but this is us when we were how are we
here we were in year 10 here so 14 14
sort of like that I had pretty sure
she's wearing my hoodie as well just
because she was cold what legend I was
handing my jumper to keep her warm
hashtag weird flirting oh yeah there it
is there it is that's a selfie like
selfies weren't even a thing that gosh
look at that I've got a Stephen gerald
poster on the wall I'm in an NBA
basketball top like what more else could
you want in life what I wearing like
literally what am I wearing I've got a
beanie on then I've got some kind of
other hat on top of that and then I've
got some weird eye mask on and I'm
wearing a I'm wearing a finger strap on
my I don't know okay this is when you
could do those really really cool like
effects with photobooth and this is me
and max doing that I was saying the
other day of Max is so weird to think
that some of you guys probably use now
on when I was younger you just go to
your friend's house at the weekend and
you just have sleepovers like that you
just say Japan just like you hang out at
the mall week at school any like oh yeah
she really does speak over this weekend
and you just go and hang out with your
mate like for the whole weekend doing
whatever pissing about watching films
taking weird photos of yourself why was
this my profile photo Jesus what is that
haircut what just ah I've got a Nokia
phone as well like in the in that's I
used to love that phone that could like
the keyboard flipped out and stuff it
was amazing and I really really liked
that Cookie Monster t-shirt like to wear
it you know when I was getting ready for
a Friday night going to a nice gathering
and that was my go-to outfit for the
good year even in college I loved it
hate it now
and that hair look at those blonde da
who is so straight in my hair so it's
straight and my fringe
my hair's already straight right I used
to straighten my hair now the reason I
used to tell people why straighten my
hair and they said oh why do you
straighten your hair cuz your head
straight I used to go all actually what
it does is it separates the hair
particles so it makes it easier to style
like no markers
it used to straighten my fringe down and
then the back with up
yeah me and max chillin on a lie low in
a pool this this is on a family holiday
that I went on with my dad and he was
like trying to bring max I was like yeah
thanks dad this is what I looked like on
my first night freshers which was first
year of college we went to our freshers
party me Max and Tom Tom don't know
what's going on with you mate max I
don't really know what any was going on
with any of us but yeah so we would have
been 16 here off top that's to have a
college party like going wild living
live I remember that party I actually
got thrown out of because they thought I
was too drunk and I I wasn't actually
that drunk with the bouncers being
really annoying and I was like no you've
ruined my whole first night of a college
life like oh my god and then five
minutes a he met me and so good this is
another mirror selfie this time with a
different phone and I had a shaved
eyebrow so happened to my friends Max
and Dave thought it'd be really really
funny one night to when I was asleep get
a razor and shave a little bit of my
brows which they did which I obviously
was very very annoyed at understandably
I had like a dodgy line so I thought
what I do is I just shaved the middle of
it off because that's obviously the
right thing to do so I did that and then
realise how much of an idiot I looked so
I started using like honest to god like
this is a hundred percent a true story I
used a brown felt tip pen and every day
I colored that part my eyebrow in with
brown felt tip pen because I was so
embarrassed Marcus Butler
everyone 2008 this was fun this was me
and my sisters in New York the first
time we'd ever gotten to New York and we
worked my dad and it was fun like I
remember back then seven
the exchange rate was really good then
as well so I think it was like Pacey you
could bite loads of clothes over there
and it would be a lot cheaper then when
you don't know so we'd go over there and
the house went over the scope
ever discovered Abercrombie and Fitch I
lived in that store I remember saying to
my dad he was saving with that I was
like yeah dad when I finished college I
think I'm gonna come to New York and
work and I become being pitch that was
my goal in life when I was 15 that is
some of my first ever profile photos on
my personal facebook I hope it's let you
in on some unknown things that you
definitely wouldn't have needed to know
but there we go if you want to see more
old pictures that I've got this is just
going about 2008 like there's a lot of
years between then and now so if you
want me to go through more and share
more stories with you then let me know
in the comments if I get and also by
giving this video a big thumbs up I hope
you enjoyed it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
