what's up guys we've got a nice M oh
look there's my book as well that is my
book the American cult I'm not looking
at you I mean I'm looking in the side
thing so I can tell I'm pointing at my
book is out in America on the 10th of
November if you did not know this
already it's the exact same book just a
completely different cover and a slight
changing of some words and stuff and if
you're from America you can get anywhere
Amazon in all your kind of normal
bookstores over there so I would love
for you guys to tweet me pictures and
selfies of stuff of you getting it
because you know cute and all that but
today what we're doing is we are
reacting to the ultimate terrible death
scenes compilation I haven't seen this
but I'm guessing it's like when you
watch a really really really really
really bad films and people dying you're
just like that just wouldn't happen or
that's just crap yeah I thought it funny
I found a compilation video of it so
let's watch along together shall we
alright here we go yeah Samuel Jackson
get it what a babe that guy's face just
staring in weird big motivational speech
wasn't happen oh yes he's a satisfied
shot that looks so realistic it hurts in
that field that's a deeply see about say
jaws and then rug dining jaws is that
ridiculous why is he skating along with
a dolly a blow-up doll
they got been shot in his heart and he's
just like normal just drive him okay so
you've been hit your Dolly's gone in the
air
you've now blown up a dolly with a
bazooka because why not it's just
ridiculous now we've got some woman
robbing herself in and a carrot pops up
why is there a carrot in the bar with a
woman don't really know if I want to
know the answer to that but now she's
making very strange faces how she's
saying notice on
on this spot to be the worst I've ever
seen in my life
why she got ice in her mouth is that
that frosty the same man what is he
doing is he trying to have sex with her
it's clearly not enjoying this
whatsoever which are known as fun as
well it's still stuck someone this is
ridiculous
oh my god a lot of touching the temples
and back this is Bruce Lee they always
do that in Bruce Lee films I've watched
quite a few so you so much much younger
their reactions when they get hit is
like oh and then they scream and then
all of a sudden they go from huh there's
no sudden like slow death it's just
straight from that to being dead I think
this is Enter the Dragon though yeah and
then he just drops him a body doesn't
squelch like that when you drop it Oh
Arnie you Beast
hey I love that Hey I think she's
offended again cuz he looks like a name
someone calls your name and then you
bring call her about and then she's dead
where his acting career began all right
we got a guy out of breath you're the
scary mask and yet he just punched his
head off just like that because you can
just punch someone's head off so clean I
haven't seen any of these films other
than the first couple garbage day looks
like our little and he's shot through
the garbage then and then he thinks it
connects with more creepy lots why is
this guy walking like this try and do
the Harlem shake
oh he's shining a dick right in the dick
I don't really want to think about that
would that kill you probably and then
he's just gonna die this is gonna be so
this is Cringer rody is she's on a beach
it looks like she's got wedgie oh my
don't I'm he's gonna kind of a frisbee
oh this is just ridiculous and it's in
slow motion oh wow oh look I miss caught
it oh my god what even this no this is
too much me right now haha was this why
the old films really old is he just
pulled out sorry
did he just pull out an arrow from his
body swing it round and then release it
and it just flung into his eye Oh always
going again yeah kalesu like an arrow is
a solid material it doesn't swing it
doesn't loop like that when you swing it
Darwin's on the right yeah of course
better than Katniss Everdeen this guy's
name always he gonna hit this one Oh
straighten his neck so also this guy
who's just had two arrows thrown in his
eye the only paintings guys ah
so you've thrown a granny into the wall
now what
you know I'm here with the boss turbo no
no
oh my god you've literally just throwing
a bottle a watermelon what my god this
is your dick eater the receptionist if
you heard that noise you would just go
and check out you weren't just like oh
yeah what was that oh yeah there is a
sheep in his car that is a hundred times
bigger than a normal sheep a bit fishy
such as it ate in his verb how's the
Sheep gone from being outside not his
head just in the window to being down
the Frog with your sheepdog she's
shitting the Sheep they'll be done it
why is the Sheep driving the car a lot
they added the Santa where the Sheep
slowly tries to cock this death all
right Pete the Sheep what learning
experience I've just been on there guys
makes me feel a lot better that some of
the stuff I do my youtube channel I feel
this a little bit better than those
films that probably had a lot of budget
be made you know that's what history is
all right before we look back on this
video in 10 years and be like what
weirdo filming in that room with a
camera I hope you did enjoy this video I
actually am massively insane dat how
awful that is so I hope you guys matched
laugh along as well yeah oh shit I
should probably go watch some of those
the other films that I've probably seen
half those films the ones I haven't seen
just to see like the link-up between
them to see if the rest of the films as
bad as those death scenes were so
probably do that but if you did enjoy
this video of course make sure to give a
big thumbs up and I will see you
beautiful people tomorrow bye bye bye
bye mmmm I
