hello look this is my pouch that I
accidentally had cut off my hairdresser
two years ago and I'm decided to grow it
back but when I wear a beanie it doesn't
sometimes fit under this oh good ELISA
would just like this yeah we'll just
have to think that's a bit better maybe
over like that anyway today what I
wanted to share with you and go through
because it's a personal favorite of mine
is my Pokemon card collection if you
guys watch my main channel I made a
video about toys from the 90s like toys
that I had growing up and stuff and I
showed my pokemon cards very very
briefly so I think it's both and loading
ones like you should just show home
video of your pokemon cards so this is
my homemade pokemon collection book that
that is it basically I I had made this
when I was a young kid I hand you
charizard blastoise
obviously couldn't draw the rest or be
bothered so I just stuck stick his home
of the rest and no idea why I mean
charizard blastoise Magnemite Magnemite
but Magnemite was possibly one of the
shittiest Pokemon you could go for why
on earth did I think that was good to
draw Blastoise as well I clearly made a
mistake and I've got a nice big tip X on
his hand so shout out to that a talented
artist I was basically I'm genuinely
well happy that I've kept this though
like this is one of those things that I
hope in 50 years I'll still haven't be
like oh yeah my shiny Machamp do you
remember that don't know why I would
have got accent from either but okay so
as soon as you open it first page ban
this is all of my like favorite Chinese
and rare Chinese and all that stuff so
let's go through it first one we have
got shiny mature the fact that they
actually shine is it just gives me a lot
of joy shining machan what an absolute
legend did anyone actually pay pokemon
cards again like did you guys ever play
or did you just collect it I feel like
collecting and trading was what it was
all about not really about actually
playing the game
popcorn was it took over my life the
fact as well I've still got shiny
Charizard shiny venusaur and blaster it
makes me extremely happy
you wanted everyone didn't you when you
started the game and you had to choose
you just your aim was to get all of them
and I feel like Charizard was probably
everyone's first choice dryer is
probably second venusaur third and I
always went for blasters just because I
don't know I loved squirtle squirtle was
just like the cutest little thing in the
world how well these are kept and
maintain the condition are pretty
chuffed with myself for that
unday kids these will be worth a lot of
money how many times have your parents
said that you like you have something
they're like oh you should really keep
that because one day will be worth
something will it probably not absolute
boiling with my shiny Mewtwo still don't
understand why Mewtwo only has 60 health
point because wasn't he an absolute dawn
in the game and so hot feet he's like
the last person you play right it was
like a machine so why is he only got 60
HP definitely should be more than that
this is my special limited edition new
now at the time I wasn't sure if I got
ripped off by this because I went to a
shop and made my mum spend all my ten
pound pocket money to get it the loads
of people come to saying is actually new
and this was worth it and that's not
fake so is that actually limited edition
Mew it's really cool look at the back of
the card I can't read it I don't know
what the language it's in limited
edition Mew did any of you catch me on
the game as well I caught Mew I swear
you could catch me in a special occasion
I was he in the water I thought it was
in the water but it was never even that
good Mewtwo was like absolute machine
knife in the silver and gold edition
didn't they bring out other I'm such a
no burning I was both 160 in the gold
and silver editions they had this is
making me want to play pokemon so bad I
might buy a gameboy of ebay and just buy
pokemon gold and just absolutely rinse
it oh my god remember these Oh most of
my shine either from the first round of
Pokemon Hitmonchan and then wasn't
yellow on hitmonlee or something the
kickboxing one so one was the boxing mom
as a kid
then classic for some reason I don't
know why but this has always been a
special poke one in my heart nine tails
I feel like nice tips was really rare to
catch and I just loved it it was such a
beautiful will accompany Oh
Erika's vileplume I feel like this was
like phase two of Pokemon yeah then I
think like third or fourth phase of the
cards that's when they started bringing
out the dark Pokemon like a what dark
houndoom this was definitely in gold and
silver additions I think also got dark
wheezing I can't remember what what
exactly that man see there I've got a
dark blastoise but he's not shining like
how can blood not be shining Poliwrath
Poliwrath that came from like poly world
and poly something them Oh was from poly
well what was what a poly well vote from
polygon polygons I think is polygon ah
Clefairy this used to seem like people
to sleep didn't it you could like sing
all your enemies to sleep and just keep
blueberry oh there is my shiny magnet on
guys from the front cover shiny magnet
on is right here he did like magnet on
don't know why such a boring Pokemon but
you know there's Pokemon Pidgey but who
wants a Pidgey when you just find a
picture who wants a Caterpie
Pokemon
sorry Magneton what I feel really bad
that is I I had about a thousand Pokemon
cards before I made this collection when
I was younger of all the like ones that
I thought I didn't want which but like
your piggies in your Snorlax and with
and I just gave them to my younger step
over at the time I just honestly gave
them this plastic bag for the 500
Pokemon cards like there you go tom
there you go mate they're all for you
while I do that hat
I hope you liked those pokemon cards
back please seriously I've got a poly
well this is so sorry second page in
case you er you wanna have a little have
a look look so these are non shop oh my
god squirtle little bay squirtle is cute
look how cute Square to it let's see
I've actually got the original page I've
got water tool Ivysaur Charmeleon
squirtle Bulbasaur Charmander that is so
I've put them like a
of each other when they evolve I'm so
cool I love my choke and machamp this is
the next page oh my god I think I've got
all the originals thinking about it why
did I keep Pidgeotto like no porygon
porygon oh my gosh always one porygon
jinx absolute babe tangler oh star me no
dragon air always wanted dragon air to
go into dragon eye I'm too teeny little
cute your team down here though this
might just be really boring for you guys
this is bringing about so many of my
memories now next page you got Haunter
words we got Beedrill Kuna Caterpie
puffin drowsy why on earth have a got
Rattata that is the worst Pope one ever
Olin Metapod hardened hardened hardened
oh isn't it stiffen their stiffen on it
so then on the next page you've got some
more volt or and then I've even got all
the trainer's this is like this is a
real-life pokedex I've just realized
that this is a real I I haven't looked
at it since years like when I obviously
made it I have got everything potates
poking flute literally a real-life
pokedex and then all the energy cards
remember these this was if you were
playing the game like against someone
you'd use is two special things but oh
good this is this is magical to me it's
always gonna be in my heart I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video a bit
different bit random but it's just I
don't know if thought it'd be maybe
interesting for some in here and I would
love to play pokemon I'm gonna have to
look into that anyway maybe I can play
both one this channel oh whoa give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you people tomorrow bye
