hello ello ello ello welcome to a
meeting video yay I have a packet of
jelly beans bean boozled in my head I
pick jelly beans being lovely apparently
this is disgusting like some of these
let me just reap something's out stinky
socks rotten egg bar like baby wipes how
can you make something taste like that
oh god they see in here there's a little
dial like or spin the bottle and that's
the one and you eat it right that could
be fun I think it's gonna be more fun
for you guys to see my reactions if I
just pick one at random
yay hope I get rotten egg Oh so I think
they've done it quite clever where they
look the same right so oh it's not very
fun is it so you pick one up in your oh
that's nice that's popcorn oh wait no
it's actually rotten egg let's start off
with either berry blue or toothpaste
blue than one berry blue or toothpaste
toothpaste oh my god if you like
mouthwash I've now got fresh breath know
you've just brush your teeth and you
drink something yeah what the hell
that's so weird
I want to go I'm gonna go again just sip
I get very two-faced two bags of games I
have a very blue one please
oh great see the next one we're going
for green I promise you it looks like
the toothpaste is now my mouth is just
massively over indulged in mint next is
either lawn clippings or lime Basie army
we're gonna eat a mouthful of grass or
some nice lime square in my mouth there
we go
oh my god oh my god
actually days I've got a handful of rot
in my mouth right now nice little minty
grasp mouthwash oh my god canned dog
food oh I would even looked at all of
these this is either coconut or baby
wipes
howdy made something taste like that
I've really kind of liked it that that
is not going from my mouth the rich the
dense anything you know that flavor is
just stuck in my mouth I'm just trying
to avoid all the worse ones the other
ones I thought that'd be funny try it
now all the rest I just don't want to go
near and all the stinky socks or
tutti-fruitti stinky thongs or do degree
P please be to get ready oh my oh oh my
god that is disgusting
it tastes like moldy gone off food in my
mouth it's the aftertaste I just have
this lingering mold food that tastes in
my mouth whoa okay all right guys last
one because I because this is being
quite long with my fun I'm gonna make
this into two parts so last one is
either gonna be canned dog food or
chocolate pudding so far I've had
literally the worst luck like I haven't
had one that has been nice that line one
was the first one I had I even was like
oh yeah I'll have another one see if
that's berry
I'll know toothpaste again and dog food
or annoying here none of them smell
either so as soon as it crunches it's
like but I bet there is actual dog bit
scary or something three two one
Koberlein chocolate pudding pudding I'm
good
I did the only reason you guys watch
this is because you obviously want to
see me eat the disgusting ones so what
fun is it if I'm not eating the
disgusting ones jellybeans up oh my god
get rid of that get rid of that part
toothpaste
yeah no that'll do for now oh my god but
like minty dog food going on in my mouth
right now
that's how do you make sweets taste like
that oh all right that is not fun don't
worry guys because on next episode of
this we've only got rotten egg or
popcorn booger or juicy pear moldy
cheese or caramel skunk spray and vomit
if you enjoyed this video be sure to
give it a thumbs up and if if you guys
like it there will be a part two to come
so if you want to see me goes give the
video a thumbs up bye
