hello and that was my stomach rumbling
welcome back to more markers wear my
hair looks like I've been electrocuted
it's time for another quiz boys and
girls obviously I am a rapper I just AM
no I don't need to learn to keep telling
you that you just know that I am a
rapper not even a paragraph adjust to
straight up g rapper so I thought
obviously it would be good staker which
nut which 90s which naughties rapper IE
because if I was in the Northeast I'll
probably would have been bigger than 50
cent which naughty frat boy pick a lil
john merrick does low John even have
lyrics and songs or does he just shout
random words let's say yeah what okay
turn down for what never fingers get low
get crunk shut shut shut shut shut get
out of your mind those are all lyrics on
no jaan songs so no he doesn't really
have nerves does it I quite like okay
lace-up got choose my fresh Kretz pink
timberlands wow I am gonna go for
classic Air Force One babies that is
what I'm gonna go with pick an artist to
collab with like we do YouTube collab
who would I collab with kelly rowland
obviously Dre that is who's that guy I
know that guy I think he's killed some
people because he's got raindrops on his
eyes or is very emotional person
timberland alicia keys or the game you
have dragged me and Dre what makes him
sick beef he would have
to collab with me so mad endorse a
product oh here we go what would I've
endorsed right condoms so what would I
endorse vitamin water Pimp Juice
rocawear louboutin condoms shavers gap
brisk and I think those be sent advice
Pimp Juice pickin on hip hop album oh
this is a tough one I don't know half
these albums so there's going to be
pictures of them here yeah um so ones i
dunno i'm gonna go with see if Lincoln
Park reanimation was not great but it
just wasn't sorry so I'm gonna have
nickel back someday what motivates you
green paper handcuffs anyone wait a bit
by handcuffs is that gramophone whiskey
motorbikes love family or am John Lennon
or are I don't have that as many be John
Lennon or oh I'm gonna go with John
Lennon what motivates me as a rapper
stood for love then I now I did the
handcuffs of course just really want to
go to jail pick up pick on it pick a 90s
hip-hop moment keep saying 90s it's not
90 tiny waist ripping the mic off Taylor
that was just embarrassing straight up
eight mile would you usually do at
parties start a fight blaze dance get
super drunk hit on everyone chat with
everyone people watch beer pong DJ all
night oh I probably would either be
doing djing when I fear for our people
watch I'm gonna get a DJ all night you
are Eminem oh I could have been given
any rapper I would be happy with Eminem
because what babe with our legend in the
game Maki buffer you know I'm going to
be on this quiz when it's the teenies
that was called the teenies it's gonna
be like BuzzFeed quiz which teenies rap
are you and Marty Bob what's going to be
on there because what legend hope you
enjoyed this video it wouldn't be sure
to get a thumbs up and I will see you
very soon bye
