hello that is for all of you people like
you commenting saying burgers ydd hello
won't you doing your special hello for
whatever reason I just haven't really
done it on this channel um I was about
to ask if that's something you want but
then probably everyone's gonna go yeah
the way you say all the time but yeah
let me know do you like that intro sure
we mix it up a little bit anyway welcome
back to real faith episode 2 where I
have a series of videos in front of me I
watch it we watch it together and we
have to decide whether it's real or if
it's fake or if it's parody not real or
fake yeah Riddle fake first time around
we did it it was music videos we had the
decide of that it's a real music video
if it was like a joke and it was pretty
interesting to what we got so this time
is trick shots now you know when you see
that some epic tricks on your trip shock
you see some epic trick shot and you're
like hmm is that real is that fake well
you're about to find out
all right it's got football he's on a
beach handheld camera it's a big Rebecca
what a legend I'm not seeing this
drinking Pepsi look at Beck's go right
oh this has gotta be real so far David
Oh David it's not really this is not
real the way like yeah this is AZ house
dice Beckham speak doesn't beiong as
easy just throws a bullet but he's like
sitting on his Pepsi I think though I
was a silver board as well white
this nothing is 100% fake a hundred
percent paid how they did this I don't
know the guy in the background I wonder
if they're like hey excuse me can you
will pay you to just do it crazy laughs
like jerking you can do that alright
that's how they set the video or do they
do like a crazy laugh audition video we
need you to be able to do crazy laughs
being David Beckham's new video where
you're drinking Slover day
do you know what the guy high-fives Eric
and Eric and this is a voiceover I don't
reckon it's a guy behind they're doing
it the whole time
fake fake yeah fake I I got that over
you guys got that one nail tamarcus and
maybe you cuz I'm six feet tall and
black
this is Dave's dog oh right right
I haven't seen this face I'm cooling
face it's fake now it's there you can
see the ball move and float in the air
dates on bro
that's fake did that just happen
no yeah fake that was obvious if you
guys got that wrong shame on you
basically
no offense
what a dude are you gonna back there no
way get out why wait why the rum and
change of camera and then back to front
of a camera oh that was cool - shut up
that is that real see some mathematical
curve um all right enough replays may I
get it it was a good shot now based on
the amount of replays I'm going with
true he wouldn't be that proud of
himself otherwise that's gotta be real
yeah real that was an awesome shot I
could do a bit of that maybe we should
make one big happy call with some trick
shot three balls and a strike the
caption in Johnson's video top of the
seventh inning Fresno to today so this
is a Santos ACN Johnson its first year
at your CC right from the city Dino's
things
Jake wall okay what does nothin I was
like did she just run on the wrong spot
I don't think you'll make it okay so
it's going it's gonna get shot
oh look not that just doesn't a real get
out that looks real but actually it's
riveting she's so nice does fake that
was very like that was good good effort
whoever did that okay so I got one wrong
as my first wrong with it oh oh dude
perfect legends this is nice guys go for
it oh it's just ridiculous the thing is
these are real I know these guys do this
but it's just like how do you time it
this perfectly it's just disgusting it's
disgustingly good that is real yeah real
if that said fake then I would have been
like ah ooh black skills summer edition
I feel it is so steric difficult with
the BBQ wait no that's fake how did the
lid fall down these even all blacks
professional rugby player you lost your
ball over the fence you can have to go
to neighbors together one I'm afraid
that's kind of if you're a pro player
can I can imagine that
why are you thrown nah yeah that's big
that's big if this is real I'm going to
slap someone yeah that's big then loot
the the middle part could have been real
it was thus it was the hot dog at the
end I was just like that sorry
not even any of that and there we go
that is a abso two of real or fake I
think I don't know how
we did in total I basically got one
wrong I don't know how many did you guys
get wrong did you get all of them right
or wrong let me know in the comments and
also if you're enjoying the series if
you want more of it because it's fun to
make and it's fun to take part in
something with you guys as a community
all right well if you enjoyed it make
sure to give it a thumbs up and I will
see you sexy person people tomorrow all
right bye
