hello hello hello everybody look what we
got here right I have got a magic 8-ball
I have great fond memories of this from
Toy Story because I'm pretty sure it's
used in like Toy Story when they're
trying to find buzz and it's like should
we do this no and then it's just I don't
know being annoying and but I thought of
course it would be funny to party
questions about my life and see what
April thinks of me
8ball am i legend it's broken consult me
later or don't want to consult later
martini now am i legend prospect good
I'm a legend am i a rapper chances
aren't good it's not very nice is my new
rap song gonna win a Grammy very likely
yes it is indeed well I haven't you guys
got something to look forward to is the
music video going to be unbelievably
good on oh no oh oh no am i the best
youtuber in the world indication say yes
well feeling very generous today aren't
you mystic mystery book was like born to
be a youtuber cannot foretell now why
can't you foretell now am I going to
have kids when I'm older do you like the
sudden mood change they're like really
fun am I gonna have kids No fantastic
that's great well though I'm gonna say
that is on it clearly means on a certain
date and its head right that's what it
means so I'm only going to have kids on
the year 2000 and between 2020 and 2030
cannot foretell now well when you try
again indication says yes there we go
I've done having kids that definitely
didn't tell me no first time do you have
a crush on me unlikely it's very nice do
I have a crush on you so it shall be
over horny eh are you broken absolutely
do you give a about me prospect
good are you lying about liking me
prospect good why are you lying to me do
you constantly lie absolutely are you a
prick prospect good
will I ever be in a movie with my
fantastic acting skills ah please you
can stop that likely oh that's not very
life it changed when I lived up to say
unlikely will I be Leonardo DiCaprio to
winning an Oscar indication says yes I
agree do you prefer me to PewDiePie
positively The awkward if you asked if
you had sexual disease and it said
positively than naked am I the coolest
in the YouTube boyband positively I need
more than positivity come on am I the
coolest in the YouTube boyband don't
want to answer this question do you mate
consult me later
am I the coolest in a youtube boyband no
doubt about it
thanks you is this video a good idea
don't bet on it should I hit myself in
the face
unlikely should i hypnotize myself to be
a monkey in another video
no thanks beds up thank you
to finish off this magical 8-ball is
gonna sum up the rest of my life am I
going to be a happy be married three
kids four live in a nice country big
house five have a dog
there we go all of that all of that is
relying on this all that don't want to
look the whole the rest of my life
relies on this 8-ball right now oh yay
literally no like honestly just says no
so thanks very much
and on that note we can that is nice to
know that the rest of my life is on the
downhill so thanks 8-ball I hope you
guys like this video just saying a
little bit different if you did of
course as always make sure to give it a
big thumbs up leave me a comment below
if you want to see me anything else and
I will see you people tomorrow
