hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today we have started a series on
this channel where we test youtubers
products a lot of youtubers have
merchandise products little different
things and so far we've done Zoe's
because our Beauty Rangers on Tommy buzz
Beauty range today we do not first ever
merchandise and that is from the Creator
store yeah basically there's a bunch of
different you do as much that we're
gonna be looking at but reason we're
doing this on purpose because I've got
it for free take my baby to match so if
your youtuber and you want to serve you
your merch then you know what to do I
don't actually know I've basically been
given a bag if I I'm not aware of what
I've got so we're just going to prefer
to start with this I hope this is a
poster bit dusty Jesus only likes
comments on camera this is a bit of an
old one isn't it okay alice is like
sawdust floating around everywhere
I just come out oh don't be annoying
well packaging so far lots of sawdust
yeah that's not I mean I am covered in
sawdust right it's obviously a poster so
on
please behind please be time please be
time please be signed oh my god oh my
god it is an Alfie deyes poster and it
is signed I am lucky but it's going
straight above my bed oh ha ha ha you
are wet oh did you imagine if I have
this on one wall imagine what people
think when they walk it pointing out
he's learning math I think
Alfie has this have a little face what's
his expression mmm I would say it's like
he sees watching Nala in the distance
and who's had an a bears just jumped out
the bush and it started walking towards
nada and he's about to go it's just
before he's about to do that
what do you think Akina I want to think
that he's letting out of there because
someone had got a weapon by aiming at
him and telling the smile anything the
smile
life is wonderful on smile so someone's
pointing government right there okay got
it
which story do you believe it's kind of
cool these time that's mean they say
that we feel very special mate right
sort of subtle ways boss wrong we might
as well continue without because this
all to look like elfies we've got his
classic PV pull over so that's cool
isn't it pull over we need to be able to
do like a better fashion chartfields I
feel like I need to try something on and
stand back there maybe we will do that
at the end yeah we'll do it at the end
there but you're alfea's jumper here
goes nice and soft inside I've got a
size large so thank you you can machine
wash it warm inside out do not dry clean
do not dry clean okay interesting yeah
it's a classic PV day go there nice
moving over to sublight aka Jo Seok Zoe
so they are siblings they've combined
their powers to create circle ice first
up we've got this is from their new
range I believe we've got a sparkly gold
sub light on the front that's quite cool
in that it's gold shines in the Sun so
gly so we got plain black t-shirt also
size large I like in they're laboring
it's that thug life that's nice and then
yeah pretty pretty solid here say guys
well done
feels good quality again we'll start
fashion show at in this video so you'll
see me in full swing right and linkage
black is your favorite color unlike mine
which is for clothes anyway we have a
white option which is much more obvious
there's fog life very very fastly the
same sort of style t-shirt same fit also
size large
I can say how true to size it is once we
begin the fashion show pretty cool
the next product we have also coming
so Kleiss is this has been in very high
demand I believe very high demand it is
really for it
this color well it is the baby pink so
twice with it
what do you think about my elevation by
doing this time you love this color you
like something don't know I just like
this color what some an empirical Oh
what is salmon another color or my
family so this is the color of the fish
salmon yeah okay I don't really like
that color fits doll is that salmon pink
I really like something you got you're
not saying salmon pink do we can see we
got the oil we got the old so glass logo
there I'm a big fan of the color to be
honest pink is a nice color pink pink
does my skin nice favours skin pink
suits my skin tones pink does me well
are a couple more products from the side
life we have actually got this is quite
cool to be honest this is a six pack
comes in fourth we've got their cases so
you have Joe's though which is nice I
can stick down my laptop so I can see
then every day and we've got sign that
favorite things I guess why that's
there because no no that's a bit of a
weird match is me but all knighting than
just a lump of they share is not
just ice cream we sprinkle there is in
the shape of a poo or is that poo or is
the ice cream piece safely in winter why
they have to that's on KN does that -
guys this really close-up on this is
that poo it is the same as the emoji
pool oh well let's have a little look at
them okay there we go
how realized is that there's quite like
that doesn't form a have a stick it on
your nipple ass no please don't
that's actually yeah that's cool like
the converse is that made I don't know
what you do sticking on the radiator
that look called you know I am going to
I am going to give them the pleasure of
putting an emotive sticker on my
radiator so that when I move out I will
get charged with pulling paint off of
the radiator I'm still undecided that's
cool ice cream I would like to think I
think it's got sprinkles but maybe
they're just a spoon them try to make it
smell nice and design the last product
that we've got from sug light is the
phone in case the see-through phone case
that has their little pretty little
faces on it unfortunately I have a pots
pocket on my name's that's quite
 good YouTube logo or whatever
oh they don't fit on that way there you
go that's really weird see on a phone
that way that's way looks like on a
phone it's actually quite easy get up
you know any other sign cases on it like
it stays on the phone I might cut your
phone this isn't like that though hold
on so that rounds up the products that
we have who's ready for the fashion show
let it begin baby
never been around well bounced around a
nice car that dimension right next to
the business seat the private
accountancy I summertime party by the
pool now stunning on the Main Street how
to see trips caught with the paint strip
how could you hate this will we get my
teeth like I want to live Shelby money
there we go that rounds up the fashion
show I really hope you guys enjoyed it
give the video a thumbs up if you did
thanks sticking around thanks for
watching think Sachin I'll see you
tomorrow with another video to back
