hello welcome back today i am going to
be even more embarrassing to my younger
self and show you another video that is
probably did that i've never really
shown anyone else before so count
yourselves lucky it so it was around
when the new twilight film came out
twilight saga eclipse i think it was
called official third trailer sneak
preview i call it so this has got 13,000
years and was uploaded on first of june
2010 so again over five years ago so
yeah
I'm a bit nervous to even begin but okay
here we go oh the folly so I've got one
of the actual you know title screens in
Summit Entertainment nice clear crisp
picture there Isabella Swan my promise
to love is that every moment forever I'm
pretty sure what I did right is I saw
their trailer and the word that you say
Isabella Swan I promise no fever and
just repeated it myself in my own voice
nice that was being creative I guess
nice scenic shots of my house and garden
old house oh my old she's still a toy
human transfer look at the doll this is
a doll that was my sisters from when she
was younger and when we were younger as
well I chopped all its hair off hence
why it looks a bit strange but I found
that and decided that that would be
better for this paradise don't give
second chances the worldwide best
sellers is the music as well well don't
Bella oh my god no the consequent can
read my faces here I can at least on a
voiceover for Bella just like a shot of
that doll face and nothing early your
hair will change you'll be able to talk
you don't matter will change I think
that's quite funny I still see the funny
side and that like obviously it's got
dodgy hair and I'm like banner your hair
will change I think about you'll just be
different hope understand Bella
I'm just so much money I was filming all
this myself so I was lying in this bed
with this doll was like trying to vlog
it hence y su shaky and although the
pair of yours I just makes you so
special Bella in a few decades Bella
everybody you know and library great a
camera angles panning it oh my god
there's a good oil oil I actually
thought about that I need to rewatch
that oh my god it's because in the
trailer this you know Taylor law nuts
obviously like buff shit and he stands
up and it's just like absolutely tank
I'm obviously trying to recreate that
not really happening for me
fella you don't have to change for me
again no response fell in love you it
all begins with a choice you has to
consider the idea but I need deposit I
really really need to pause this because
I remember this I'm playing two people
usually when you pay to people if you're
doing sketch you have two different
camera angles so one like this would be
on me here then you switch it and have
the person in a different location
different background but there I lines
meet up blog about pretty
self-explanatory I didn't do that and
you're about to see what happens yeah
that are might be better for her than
you are but it's two different i can
write as if that's who i was talking to
oh wow on june thirtieth well the door
get the cupboard over 50 your heart
stops beating
is that how it ends God oh so
embarrassing isn't it that is so so
awful maybe I feel like we should read
some of the points right this is the
best thing I've ever seen hilarious you
must not have seen any other YouTube
video in your life never better love
story than twat can we just take a
moment and to appreciate that he had the
same Teddy as me the one with the
Liverpool outfit high-five to other
Liverpool fan haha four years ago the
dole shed more emotion than bella from
the actual movies osh but true that's
funny a you team jacob edward all bella
wasn't it meant to be Jacob with better
or Edward with better not one of the
three nice yard and garden thanks I'm
really glad that someone appreciates
those panning garden Schultz I'm on
sobbing thanks you're really good
looking especially when your shirt is
off no I really really wasn't you are so
weird Marcus this was absolutely creepy
I want to slap me face repeatedly with
everything that I own that's Twilight
Saga related that's a lot just to remove
the pain of this video and you did it
without laughing your ass off WTF all in
all if this wasn't you spoofing eclipse
it would have been better because i have
appt biased opinion about it team edward
thanks for sharing your thoughts so yeah
that sir that was also a thing that
happened that was I think the first time
I ever wanted to do a trailer parody and
I think that's also the last time I ever
did it because you know no I'm really
like that but i think what it's nice to
see from like react his old stuff is
that i was quite up for experimenting
with things and I feel like I'm still
like that now lemme channel like I kind
of don't just stick the same thing I'll
kind of try random different things all
the time and you can see that I was
trying that five years ago so I guess
that's kind of nice but yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I could you make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow bye
