hello and welcome maybe we are doing a
tasting video which is really really
exciting because basically the other day
I got to go on a zero gravity flight it
was one of the most epic amazing
experiences I've ever done in my life
not sure if you'll have seen the main
channel video of it there's one coming
very soon or you would have already seen
it depending when this has gone up but
it's absolutely epic now because of that
whole theme and stuff in the video I
basically at the end
I mean think some astronaut food so I
thought it would be interesting to make
a whole video like showing you astronaut
ice cream
so this is what the pack looks like I've
never done I don't have other people
have done this before
I'm guessing someone's probably tried
this before on a video but I have never
experienced it myself certified space
technology does this mean astronauts
actually eat it so I guess they freeze
dry it so there's three flavors got it
will nice little plate here this plate
this is what the astronaut ice cream
looks like we have chocolate pod I live
they needed they needed so three
stereotypical probably most popular ice
cream flavors my favorite out those is
chocolate quite intrigued how they make
freeze drying or lifeless ation removes
water from the ice cream by lowing with
it
maybe we should learn how to read with
Marcus video lowering the air pressure
to a point where I shifts from a solid
to a gas the ice cream is placed in a
vacuum chamber and frozen until the
water crystallizes the air pressure is
lowered creating a vacuum forcing the
air out of the chamber next heat is
applies only mistake oh guys should be
applied vaporizing the ice finally a
freezing quote traps the vaporized water
this process continues for hours
resulting in the perfect freeze-dried
ice cream slice wow that sounds way too
scientifical for my life game but we're
gonna go ahead and try it
I'm gonna go strawberry first you'll
feel a bit of strawberry here smell hot
it's crunchy that is the weirdest
sensation because that that takes
exactly the same as ice cream like the
literally ice cream but the weirdest
thing is the texture with it it's so
it's like squidgy it look how hard it if
I try and squeeze it they're like proper
crunch it up nope I had to give you a
slo-mo like it's quite a few look
Oh strawberries really really good
really good
s Oh chocolate there's not a really big
chocolate chunk so this is what we're
gonna go for chocolate anything this
looked chocolaty on camera this is
chocolate okay
chocolates going in I'm over powered of
strawberry right now okay what's
happening in my mouth right now I put
the strawberry in that decided question
but the chocolate in here so I have
chocolate and strawberry combined in my
mouth right now
again tastes exactly like chocolate ice
cream I think the strawberry want to
actually prefer which I would never
prefer strawberry ice cream over
chocolate normally but on this
strawberry is actually really good here
we go cheeky bitter for Neal vanilla
vanilla vanilla is such a standard ice
cream choices on it oh all no not really
fat that doesn't taste like vanilla that
just tastes like just it's really milky
whereas the others actually tasted quite
good vanilla wasn't really found that
one no and he is stuck in my teeth
now and there we go that is me dry
astronaut food I'm officially still an
astronaut but I feel a little bit more
like I'm getting towards that stage
because you know it being zero gravity
of international food now I've just got
to actually go to space so that's next
on my bucket list I really enjoyed doing
these tasting things though because one
it gives me sense to try it I've never
tried before - you guys are probably are
being opened up to stuff that you may
not have seen or ever seen before so I
want to carry on doing this so let me
know if you won we're trying to hang
that you think would be funny to try or
you have any suggestions that might be
fun to film and try so let me know
anything you want to see in the comment
that's about it I hope you enjoyed this
video give the video a big thumbs up if
you did I don't see you people tomorrow
hey
