hello welcome back to a try not to laugh
numero dos you guys really really
enjoyed the first one I don't know why
I'm moving in and out like this when I'm
talking but hey you enjoyed it so I'm
gonna do a number two this one is called
try not to laugh in brackets impossible
challenge and it has 38 million views is
it gonna make me laugh or not I don't
know
warning just give up the following video
is impossible to not laugh sorry let's
see about that what is funny about
people just going like this what again
what is funny doing nothing to me oh
that was funny the way the fish was just
like get me the outta here man is
the music why oh my god why does that
make me laugh that maybe nah that's
not funny cat dubstep yeah a little bit
of cat dogs it's the music
most of these clips if you played these
kids with no music on you guys you just
sit homie up wow this is boring isn't it
it's adding this your poop we were
doodle I'm laughing in pity of that
Oh God
music on that one actually works oh so
credit to that that's funny
back in Thor I can do like a
shotgun in front of the whole stadium as
well where's my Eastern clubbing son
over the double that Homer Simpson
dancing with some ice cream grave
shuffling my boys what no that's that's
not real
how how is that possible I'm a scout man
stop putting that one bag it was funny
the first time now someone who made this
is in love of 80s music why is there an
ostrich running down the road ride 40
miles an hour huh
go shadi is your birthday we're gonna
dress up in some fences no no redoing
like you can't redo that joke looking
for I just hurt my ears all right no
shut up
what's going on this is painful I'm just
gonna um
this horrific third time stop I just
can't leave watching these doesn't make
me stress just get annoyed at this why
are we watching this 50 25 seconds now
oh yeah I think they're just going to
play it to the end of the video great
great job guys
but then you try not to laugh impossible
challenge yes again it's impossible
because I love oh here we go extra
services if you smart if you laugh smile
or grin you lose not laughing why are
these animals like psycho faces not
laughing why is that funny that's like a
Kipling pull-up or something it's good
in on the toilet while I seeing that
before where's that gunfire
alright love do your poo and get on with
it this is disturbing now oh
that looks so painful you poor poor
child
Oh God what no far too much time when I
don t have a name
we have nightmares like this these
pictures get me everything time
oh I'm weird how I find that me that's
just stupid isn't it I mean just
wouldn't do it you just would not pick
up a chainsaw know who you shave my
beard with a chainsaw definitely use
this music before right I think I'm just
gonna end that one there because those
videos so bad I hope you guys did enjoy
this like I said I think I'll get more
stressed reacting to this rather than
actually trying not to laugh and most
the time laughing at just how unfunny it
is I'm laughing for the embarrassment of
that clip itself but I think what might
be fun to do in the future is if I react
to your guys clip so rather than me
finding random ones if you've got funny
clit or you've got your own home video
we can turn into mice it's home videos
something like that and let me know in
the comments what you'd like to see me
do but I think it might be nice to take
a bunch of the clips that you sent me
put them into a video and react to that
because you guys and we share the same
sense of humor right you're gonna find
stuff that I find funny so that will be
hard of me to not laugh that anyway I
hope you did like it give it a thumbs up
if you did and I will see your beautiful
face tomorrow bye bye
