hello everybody I don't know I've got so
much energy because I've just got off a
plane from Florida so I'm very very
jet-lagged but I am looking absolutely
delightfully dapper what word
the reason I'm looking very dapper is
because I'm working with varied okay to
UK today and I'm going over to the X
Factor's house where all the contestants
are and I'm taking a whole load of
packages from very dope coated UK with
loads of clothes and stuff and I'm
basically handing them to these guys
gonna hang out with them and then we're
gonna have a really fun bonfire evening
hello that's me this is why I'm wearing
this coat by the way so yeah I shocked
all of this online and use their collect
bus thing which basically means I could
get it delivered the next day and but
knowing me has been telling me to get a
coat this colour for so long so when I
found out I was like yes I've finally
got a coat that you've been telling me
to get for ages and then what else I got
and I've got a blue t-shirt swag a some
black jeans oh yeah and yeah that's that
is my internet box but these are the
boots that wears off it's nice winter
boots to keep my lovely little feet warm
we are on route to a secret location and
the most obvious is here vacation I'm
guessing I can't tell you I live in no
area so they don't want cleaning that
excite the you'd see the X Factor
contestants Alex
we've got alleys no using their hand for
I have arrived and this is rainy exactly
what you don't want when you men are
doing fireworks on bonfires and standing
outside but yeah this is a this is the
driveway you can see they have a little
fountain thing and this is the old house
that they've even got am the x-factor
house
dun dun we've already been in a little
around the door make sure is shot and
now I've looked us out let's ring the
bell let's see who answers hello this
person's gonna open the door
and it's probably like a producer or
something oh I like groupies and again
there we go
here we are guys were in the yes tractor
James where you guys can get that pre
pump on I'm also in here with them
there's a security guard in the middle
of is workout just coming to interrupt
it just showed me of some ways but it's
very much that's because this is
Australia's brothers a swimming pool
just next door I've got a track bar at
least you guys expect even and keep it
right great for this high-tech stuff
number one oh we're with rolling in the
deep go on Alex Alex think she's in the
gym but you know
dragonettes wall are so refreshing so
wish I could go in there right now
this is so cool no alcohol no loans no
loans swimming what does that mean like
that you can't swim on your home already
no glass no dieback strict rules in this
house guys what is this thing over there
it's the longest are children here as
well
indefinitely and end up for me an
attorney all my clothes
what's this
this is the oddest stair ladder I've
seen and cool panda wait maybe it's to
do like gymnastics thumbs on your chip
of course you got the TV here I mean you
always need to have a TV about something
all right
go on but
smells like an X Factor House Tour it's
all my dad right but make sure we lock
it ready number one off oh thank you
kind of want to go in there but
obviously not allowed look how pretty
this room looks I love this light I
don't that filming light or is it a
light that you can just own really
really like that what's your name
Lucy this is Lucy everybody she does
will be cooking for everybody in this
house and it looks amazing we're about
to have some I think before anyone else
why not
so even I didn't want to seem like the
keenest people to go and get food I
think some people were I'm actually
pretty hungry but the food smells
amazing I think some people are in here
some people like hitting bowls and I
think a wish so everything is being set
in the garden ready for a lovely photo
display I'm standing here right now if
these guys say hello everyone yeah we're
gonna do some sparklers and then watch
the fireworks and stuff
expect her mention
well that is no no what is that fuck you
guys always want to be on the camera
we're about to watch some fire
and there we go I'm back home after such
a little like fun evening through you
know going to the X packed house in
general is a pretty cool thing I guess
they anyone to do so that was good fun
and also meeting some of the contestants
also also a good old laugh I really
really really love fourth impact like
they were just so cute all the time and
they were so happy and so like giggly
and bouncy and balanced II I don't know
I just really really liked them and but
if you guys from that montage saw
anything
all the other contestants that we're
showing that we're wearing very stuff so
if you want to know what they were
wearing and check out on very doc credit
UK I'll leave a link down there but yeah
I hope you guys enjoyed this little vlog
and if you want to see more broads make
sure to give that video a big thumbs up
so I know to do more of them and yeah
always switch back to my old daily
vlogging camera because I found spare
battery I am charged or less like I
don't have a charger for this camera
anymore so am i lovely I found a battery
but I need to get a charger and then I
can carry on using this because I think
it's better than my other one but again
what you guys think let me know all
right love you guys see you tomorrow
