yo yo yo yo yo what up with your faces
so I don't really no idea what he's
doing
hello and welcome to a video that I kind
of wanted to do probably for today I'm
doing video I've wanted to do for a
while now and basically just get
straight into it is my favorite things
this month that I want to share with you
could fit you in on I don't know I'm
doing why am I doing this my hands I'm
like trying to fan myself no and let you
guys in on what I've been like I've been
loving this month so oh five things and
if you guys enjoy this then I can make
the monthly thing and you can see what
I've been up to number one now I'm just
not some of these things aren't very
like extreme or you're not gonna be
blown away
most of these things are just normal
everyday life things that I'm just like
yeah this is cool so first thing Wow
such a such a thrilling guy it's a bowl
literally a bowl now I know you've all
well it's a coconut wood bowl
so basically when we are in Bali we were
having acai bowls which are delicious
they're very healthy we were having them
for breakfast
and we went to this place and they're
being served in these and we were just
like oh wow man we're in barley like
these cool the vibes feeling great and
we were like oh yeah like when we get
home we'll get some and don't we're
getting from because they're not known
you can just go down to normal shop and
sure yeah have you got any coconut wood
bowls yeah and then we were walking
around Chinatown in Singapore or I
stopped over the way home and I spotted
these in this like corner of this tiny
little market hidden the way I was like
yes those bowls will have four of them
and I've pretty much meow and breakfast
him every morning love them pretty cool
so that's my my first then while guys
we're getting really like really
exciting now like hold tight okay
second some spectacle wipes I'm so
 sad so I went home to my family
house the other day and my stepdad was
there and I was off well any of that
glass is clean it because it's a little
ice breaking oh that's right yeah means
I know but I have got these people who
wear glasses know the problem of getting
dirty glasses when you're in the cinema
as well you sit down and you realize
your glasses are dirty
so use your t-shirt in your trunk and
then they just called misty and more
like fuzzy and you just can't see
anything and this makes it ten times
worse I hate that and then I was like oh
it's gonna work so it's these little
little pouches yet loads them in a box I
think the box just like all pounds three
pounds it's what you do you tear nice a
net like a how-to video let's do it
Thanks example how I made my hands
grubby
I'm just gonna put fingerprints all over
them yeah fingers on glasses always
makes me feel a bit funny I've never do
this it's like there's people who finger
their screens when people do that you
know you just finger like laptop screens
okay they are definitely grubbing I
can't see anything through those so get
your little white easel so I remember
Jerry McDowell is used to get those like
with your happy memories you get those
lemon white it's pretty much is just
that you just give it a quick little
wipe this doesn't take long as well
because it's already it's got some
moisture on it and why I'm bad damn they
are done literally a good contact since
I've got like a bit of double blurry
vision okay I missed a bit on the top
but that is like what about say
life-changing but I think I might be a
bit extreme say glasses watch the life
changing yours up from your local store
what other fun things Marcus got to show
you gonna show you this new camera so I
got this as a vlogging camera replaced
because mine broke again when we went to
Bali I wanted a I didn't want to take
all my big DSLR on my massive camera
which I mean the film up this I wanted
to take something that was good for pic
bacon really really good for pictures
and also could be filmed with if needed
be and this little bad boy is a Sony and
a 6,000 and it is really really awesome
it came with two little dangly bits on
the side which rattled so I got some
pliers and chop those off like if you
want my eyes little things if your
anything that's great for that Biden and
also when I filmed it would ruin the
sound quality but other than that it's
great it's absolutely awesome the
pictures are incredible sometimes it
even looks better than my pictures taken
off here very easy to use and even the
filming quality that if you watched any
of my barley vlogs they went up on this
channel a few weeks ago when it's me
kind of shooting a scene or something
like that it is just delightful to look
at it's just glorious so this isn't the
only other thing like if you were gonna
use this of daily vlogging camera the
screen pops up to here which is really
cool but I think on a newer version
they'll probably lift the screen up like
if it did that that'd be the ultimate
camera it's quite bit it's quite big to
like carry ons every day but not too big
and it feels nice and light robust so
when your hand is holding it here you
can just kind of like not that you'd
ever ever walk like that but you know
what I mean number four it's probably my
favorite thing from this whole video I
post an Instagram of this and it was
just amazing I just I don't know I'm in
love with it and this is my new laptop
case so laptop is here that is my case
now from the first on site of it it
looks probably a little bit like it's
just a sticker but it's not it's
actually real wood so this case on top
is real wood it's a very thin layer it's
quite tricky to put on as well so it
comes and you have to bend the corners
so these bits here you have to properly
Bend and then you put this oh you wipe
the whole top of it and then you peel
off the back and then it is it does
stick on like sticker but it's actual
real wood and I am just absolutely not
but everywhere I've been everyone's like
wow where's that from it's so cool and
it's just awesome I love it I don't know
if you can see but when it lights up
it's really cool because that bit still
lights up let me show you there you go
see that still lights up that's really
cool isn't it pretty cool my only one
thing I would say is I wish it kind of
come with the bottom one but obviously
it's it's not a bits not protection case
is it it's a case to go look at my fancy
wooden case I live in love with it and
last but not least is this little bad
boy this is a motor fee charge er but
it's not your standard motor charger
that you are you know stick on your
phone and it charges that way it's a
little block so and I've got this one's
on book tour if you don't know I have a
book out quite as I'll plug it now
wasn't planning it but my book is there
there is hello life in all of your sores
well no okay not I know you're sore spot
for I know pretty much for your stores
in the UK where you can get books from
it's on Amazon and it's coming out in
America on 10th November with a
different cover where's Brooke taught
this little bad boy saved my life like
save mine and everyone else like ooh so
yeah it lasted me and loads my friends
it saved us in our beef that just many
times just having it there to be able to
use to charge it has two things and it's
just really good like just really
awesome well there we go
those are my favorite thing this month
like I said I've never done a videos I
don't if you guys will enjoy it but I
just wanted to share with you what I've
kinda mean like in this month I could
kind of split it up and do it in two
different things like one time I could
do my favorite films or my favorite
songs or something like that I don't
know let me know but yeah hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you tomorrow
good bye
