hello welcome back to episode number two
of gets the youtubers baby photos so I
did this a few weeks ago and you guys
absolutely loved it like it went out
really really really well which is
obviously great and I had so much fun
doing it so I thought obviously one I'm
doing on the duplicates I like it and
you like it then
where the hell is that oh my god is that
way is that Ingrid that is Ingrid is the
why did I it took me a good 10 seconds
it's the eyes I think Ingrid's eyes are
exactly the same right now so yeah I'm
I'm quite and personalized something
that sorry just just like threat out
there right I know straight away who
this is it's not not specifically baby
photos but you know younger foetus just
looking in your young days that's Jim
and Tarn isn't it in their younger years
Jim Jim looks so different just from the
side angle right without beard I haven't
seen Jim that beard in so long oh is
that wait who is that I don't even
recognize them who is that is that I
know who are you that is it it's not
like it's not that's not Conor that is
no Connor
that looks nothing like Connor Connor
that's not you bro I think this is some
little boy trying to be Connor or
something unless Connor you post this
picture
I just can't person you can see that
resemblance I swear your ears don't look
like that Connor okay I go that one mom
I think I know who this is
I think I do but I think I only own butt
like this because I've seen in that book
maybe or in like videos along this is
Phil amazing Phil I'm pretty sure that's
right yes amazing field team even if
that's a girl poor with me what a hair
car is that clean that's clean oh my god
that was such a good again the only
thing that sold that was the eyes a
little big old eyes just dig out look at
those chubby cheeks she was so Keisha
pen piano that's actually you know my
own economics minder Coleen consignment
oh that's cute I'm pretty chuffed with
how that went what the hell even what
yeah this I can't even make out what the
background is is it a garden there's
like some round chicken behind them is
some okay I think I'm I think I've got a
pretty good idea this is because they
look like how they used to look in their
old YouTube videos is this I think this
is Casper
its Caspar Lee everybody I think
Casper look like that only a couple
years ago many start making YouTube
videos so good one cast but I mean it's
just absolutely no way I'm ever gonna
get that person who even are you what
scale is your triangle fringe more your
feet
nah I I mean your feet are bigger than
your face so
the left foot looks massive what YouTube
has a strange shape left foot
I honestly don't even know how to begin
with this boy gray is it damn how yeah
bass damn oh my god that was such just
the complete round of get Dan bro I feel
bad I think I've offended your length
but now sorry Dan
very sorry of your left firm apologies
I'm sure you have a very beautiful left
foot although I've seen it I'm pretty
tough of how I did on that I think I'm I
definitely am extremely lucky of how I
did on that because I cover those who'd
like the damn I was it just like yeah
boy YouTube Dan why not and it was done
so I'm pretty pretty lucky who did I
actually Jim and tan that's obvious
again the guests with Ingrid pretty good
though I didn't get Connor did I hadn't
get Connor got feel completely guess
Miranda just all clean just randomly
Casper just one more guna and then feel
damn just a guess so I think I did
pretty well but how did you guys do if
you were playing on at home and also do
you wanted me to continuous as a series
because there's a lot of youtubers out
there they probably have a lot baby
photos so if you want me to continue
this is a serie make sure to give the
video a big thumbs up and let me know
what you think in the comments on that
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
