good morning people today is an exciting
day because I am in a place called
Millbrook which is a little bit further
outside of London i'm here with simone
doesn't he hasn't been here in a while
all right Simon here yeah the song has
been here actually but I've basically
been asked to come and drive the James
Bond call which is kind of amazing and I
guess a once-in-a-lifetime kind of
opportunity and they're like just hey
you want to come and like drive all
these cars and film it and stuff so it's
like yeah sure so that's what we're
doing here today is a track which I
think we are going and driving around we
have arrived and this is what I'm going
to have a drive-in first is absolutely
delightful I'm going to be taken out
with my instructors over here areas and
just have a drive basically and it got
all these different cars lined up this
is yeah as you can see how beautiful is
this car I'm going on this later i'm not
actually allowed to drive on going and
i'm not allowed to drive at someone else
is driving here i am and I'll Drive this
one
haha
Wow don't think I've ever been that fast
and it all before oh jeez okay guys so
I'm now obviously in the passenger seat
and we have a mile road ahead of us and
I'm gonna have a go at driving a mile
not as fast like how I'm gonna go a
little bit easy on my first attempt just
because from what I just did with this
guy driving was a bit intense but I
don't know it should be fun so there we
go so i'll let you let it roll in and
then just kind of go for it that's it
okay i'm not going to go as fast as you
did
that was a lot of fun I don't know how
much you can hear cuz the win but this
is the car we're now going in and this
is my next for my next instructor nice
to meet you Alan so yeah we're gonna go
in here and have a look ah oh it smells
so new in here oh thank you very much
ice is nice so to start this car guys
you literally this is your queue just
slaughtered in so you slot that into
bear oh you push it harder there and
then yet that's cool
rip the outside lane
i said im stearing squeeze it now
we get good left
commander this right now
right way you better
laughs
just left in there
the SC's do this yo wow that was
incredible other markers here in very
good possibly a good passage or had to
do is sit here nor scream it was amazing
oh wow incredible so this is what not
being driven in now I've been at this
really cool helmet as well safety first
always remember guys all right so put on
Wow ok you want sort of poured into this
I'll be shipment of them that was the
camera okay you want to get the water in
between your legs yeah I'm not touching
that good so more like I'm about to take
off and then to get driven in a call Wow
feel like James Bond already harem yeah
ignition no way she gets
so this car guy sorry to inform you
didn't know is custom built just for the
James Bond film it's not an actual car
as you go is an actual car but it's not
like a car that you can go out and buy
so inside it looks very much like this
hi
Wow yeah absolutely unbelievable oh I
didn't really know what to expect
doesn't say
dirty mind
just plays family
is going to go from
and I just found this one just leave the
trouble no less than 95 no 198 doing now
therefore the 98 no less than 95 this
does not feel normal in decide that it's
really rough
don't worry about let's go to the
barrier please
you
the work on the m25 then drive man
OMG
22 division
Rainier
ok
enjoy yo mama yeah you don't already
know signs going ahead good luck all the
best don't wet yourself see that is the
actual James Bond college that has
actually been using them mental
