right guys so I've just got here to the
publishers and the world's biggest room
i'll head i'm saying as if on hold this
armor ah i am today kind of publishers
ryan look at the size of this room and
the reason I'm here is to go through all
of my stuff that you guys brought me on
the book tour so I've got literally just
a tiny selection of it in these two
boxes but one over here got two more in
here so yeah I thought I'd start going
through it and just blogging it today
and showing you guys what there is
because there's going to be a lot of
stuff and I thought you guys might want
to see some of that if there's all kinds
of things in here you've got like
candles and then loads are like
paintings and pictures and teddy bears
and there is somewhere as that hello
cushion ah this cushion I received I
think maybe like I don't even know six
or seven of these on the book tour
because I don't know I guess it goes
with hello so yeah thanks for that
actually yeah so this is what I meant by
more stuff coming in join me to hold get
the door for you it's probably the least
I could do Wow um yeah kind of nuts
thanks guys this is ridiculous this is
mental the amount of boxes here guys I
can't even Akane we're gonna be out of
here in 45 minutes that's never gonna
happen I think we have to reschedule
lunch and it's just I don't know try and
get through this basically you guys but
anyone who came to the book tour and
bought me stuff and warm up just thanks
like genuinely this is actually meant
good thing I received this from meeting
you guys around the country and I don't
really have earlier I'm a bit lost for
words right now because this is just so
bizarre and weird and surreal so yeah
I'm gonna get cracking even things that
this is the first box but like you guys
are so creative redrawing the logo on
there I even things up this book
oh it's golf flippin it's like padlock
to even get in here yeah but the effort
you guys have gone through so you've got
this a hope that you've even oh my god
you've custom openness and uh huh if
you're reading this rude when you are
sad like stuff like this is actually
incredible to think like you guys and so
much time making stuff like this and all
right I'm just going to keep this stuff
so that I can read through it whenever I
just ask make sure not cheating my god
tisha look at that this is seriously
cool this is handmade I don't even know
how you do that but I've never seen so
matter look at this this is just made on
cardboard little cutout it's all kind of
3d as well this is from love from safi
jana sahana twitter johannes ugh there
we go that is from you thanks very much
look at how cool this little dude is I
don't even know how is like me made in
loom bracelet it's so freaking of us up
this is so unbelievably cute on the
front it's nargis recipe books but and
then inside they've gone through for
this book Venice recipes made with hot
and love I think this is like some of
the stuff that we've made so in our
blogs and in nine years videos that
they've put in here and then they've
also done their own stuff as well like
porridge ripe rye bread and avocados
poached eggs are like sounds awesome
popcorn like this is overwritten q thank
you hello everyone my name is Margaret
and today we're gonna be doing lots of
fun fan their stuff Oh even stuff like
this these two little jars ones Marcus
love from Megan G and once for no me and
like ones blue ones red L pink and then
inside I haven't actually looked
chef oh they're all little tap oh my god
there are little tags with like why you
like us and stuff your entries are the
best you look cute class it oh my god
this is so us and thank you guys look
I've been given a Pluto this is
genuinely like the softest I've ever
felt and yeah you guys know Pluto's my
favorite Disney toy or Disney character
not that I like clay if Disney toy
something but um yeah how awesome is
that here we go this is done by made by
fifty shades of Jasper there should be
58 and Marcus no I'm joking um look at
that I think it's kind of like a massive
I don't know if you can see the size
these are all a4 paper and that's all
like personal messages and stuff like I
don't know that you guys maybe didn't
school or something you guys things like
this look it just looks like a normal
pad but it's actually a whole book this
was from Sam Maddie and Olivia but it's
like every single page I look you've
even sucked envelopes on the inside oh
my god you'd like I this is actually the
time and effort that some of you guys
put into this stuff it blows my mind
seriously epic look look at my face and
like 50 different well about eight
different colors it's so cool 50 shades
of ko hopefully fresh recipes ok Oh base
that's from Ali thanks Ali that is
amazing is so funny morning quickies I
think this is actually for Caspar Lee it
I mean that it's for me that it's from
butte Osman age 12 marks Butler is
awesome the little pizza just remember
when you're upset hold your head up high
and say hello like the tip for you guys
out there hold your head up high say
hello hi
oh say hello to life ah that makes sense
awesome this is the box i'm pretty sure
this is from Scotland and that we're
going through now because yeah look
there's loads of welcome to Scotland
hello like them who's this Lake hanging
out spongebob what else is there in here
Adelaide was so many left of moon oh
that each bar soap that's a bunch the
actual fudge Ludacris whoa throwback to
the older some classic photos me you got
old on from the Instagram thank you with
Glasgow signing by Mike Clark okay can I
just ask the question as to why I've got
huge dad card to the best dad and then
inside to Marcus and dad happy book
launch I'm so proud so very frozen but
you're such an inspiration so many
people thank of being you lots of love
Lauren Allen and Megan so yeah I'm yeah
dad perfect thank you but this is for
NIMH Bob and this is for my BOB how cool
is that no musics well I opened it and
look glitters gone everywhere all over
the table rev the floor probably all
over me as well look how awesome this is
this is like a frame like this and all
the little pictures like hang little
photos there's so unbelievably awesome
oh hey okay okay okay okay okay old king
oh hell yeah this is nuts okay dear
Marcus here's a very big long time line
of your videos on your main channel look
this starts in 2010 so it's got all the
like videos done random video
introduction and the date for every
single video all the way up till now but
every single day
it's in LA again I'm kind of just lost
with what to say on this it's just
absolute madness crazy another
incredible would you call these like a
fan but or something with messages from
different people all the way through
just all the way through with photos and
I don't know so awesome yeah monkey Baba
on the track I'm a rapper that's so cool
you are talented well done
congratulations on your drunk no but
seriously that is epic I remember
snapchatting this in Liverpool from a
guy who gave it to me and you know I'm
just filming again because it's so epic
it's just so i need to find other words
of an epic and awesome but it's your
talent is incredible and i would love to
see more of your stuff so if L the max
Critchley there we go this is all the
stuff that we haven't gone through yet
we've managed to go through all of this
that doesn't even justify it there's a
lot there was a lot more boxes than that
I'm sure there's some around here about
seven boxes we've gone through and now
I'm hanging off lunch with the
publishers and so yeah when I'm back
from holiday we're getting over this
it's been the whole day here and carry
on basically so yeah I hope you guys
like this video give a thumbs up if you
did and see you very soon
