what is that people welcome back to a
more Marcus where is a slightly darker
room because the blind fell down you
know where we had a little tape before
mother blinds falling down and I can't
find any more tape just going with a
dark room all right cool seeing how
fantastically brilliantly YouTube's
girlfriend quiz was I thought why not do
the youtuber boyfriend quiz to see who
would be my youtuber friend if I was to
date a youtuber so here we go what is
your age Oh 18 to 24 yes what is your
gender male very obvious right now how
is your life as a right now fun
desirable everything I want to be Oh
full of adrenaline rush and mischeif
this team the most interesting thing is
probably the Internet
I'm kind of on that wavelength it's not
perfect but it's filled with lots of
positivity and greatness all that's
that's a very yeah quite like that one
it's opened up a lot of opportunities
for me could also fit into that I guess
with YouTube and stuff I'm going through
my early midlife slash accidental crisis
let's go with it's not perfect but it's
filled with lots of positivity and
greatness how do you envision yourself
spontaneous fun the life of the party
cue Shawn Mendes Lerner I don't know the
song life of the pie I think it's called
realistic but not too serious that I can
that I can't have a laugh terribly / I
don't know great talented and confident
enough to show it right crazy and
idiotic a troublemaker
maybe flirtatious sweet genuine kind
hearted I'm gonna go with realistic but
not too seriously I can't have a lot
your idea of fun traveling the world try
new things meet new people the lot in
that does sound pretty epic making music
writing songs creating art or making
things no sitting at home on my laptop
going through all my lovely social
go wasted flirting being careless
pulling pranks we my name's Joe segue so
Joe cracking jokes having a lot of your
best mates just hanging out helping
others while allowing your opportunities
to open up you wow so many ideas I'm
gonna go traveling the world trying new
things meeting new people the lot it's
gonna be Louie Cole isn't it personally
how would you want to be asked out when
the moment feels right for the person
right when it's in his gut that's what I
want him to ask me out flowers a song
maybe getting down on one knee even
though it's not proposal I like romantic
things who's ever asked someone out on
one knee before through YouTube when I
click on my subscriptions I'd want to be
surprised with her will you go out with
me video it doesn't matter to me as long
as I like the person it should be so
cute if they tried asking me out but
they stumbled on their words or blushed
or something oh they should slam me
against a wall make out with me then
smoke and tell me that they're that
we're officially going out I like it
fierce and I'm gonna go it doesn't
matter to me as long as I like the
person described your idea of date think
big and skateboard pennyboard longboard
around an entire island the this
everything that is number one is made
for Louie Cole 100% mrs. Lukic Oh have a
nice relaxing dinner where you talk
about life likes and dislikes the law a
nice walk along the beach that soon
turns into either making out in the sand
skinny-dipping or splashing each other
in the ocean Oh make it out in the sand
that's probably not a good thing making
out in the sand like just in case you
haven't been on a beach sand in your
mouth while you're trying to kiss
someone might not be the best sensation
in the world go to the amusement park
and ride every insane ride until you
puke what a great first date yeah let's
just vote on each other
I don't date i flirt kiss hug random
girls street
I don't date and just hang out she'll
play video games maybe end up inviting
some mates over I mean I quite like the
idea where I walk along the beach was
going but then as soon as it went weird
I just turned off that I'm gonna go have
a nice relaxing dinner where you talk
about life that's good finally hoody in
your most liked and therefore most
suited - here we go
one of the Harry's twins one out of the
two who make fan the South Africans Hut
or the Australian so one of the Harry
swims Jeff and thin one of the two fan
Dan and Phil Santa have against Allah or
Australian Troy or cats but Marquis but
but or Alfie me or healthy Joe sugg and
we're not going to even mention that
last person I'm obviously going to say
me I'd love to date me submit answers
who's your youtuber boyfriend jack
harries 82% yeah I'm Finn Harries is
also 82%
Alfie's 74 Althea Marcus both 74 percent
Casper and Troy next Jo Seok 59% Sorry
mate Dan and Phil 54% or you guys not
really my type I guess and you have that
see my youtuber boyfriend would be so
that's great hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure to give a big
thumbs up and I will see you very very
soon bye you
