hello everybody welcome back to my
channel and look what we got going on
here we got like I've had this for ages
and I thought I'd actually put it to use
and use it as background for the mall
Marcus from it looks pretty now doesn't
it like you anyway and today I thought
I'd do a fun little quiz about what
career I should have so where do you go
for fun quizzes husband where else is
there going to come for this so we're
doing which career should you have if I
wasn't being a weirdo on youtube so
let's find out what career should you
actually have I love those things and
there's like Oprah Winfrey what career
should you actually have ready let's
begin what you spend your tax refund on
big screen TV how much is a yawn don't
know how much tax refund you're
expecting to get but I'm pretty sure
you're not going to be able to just go
and sponge it on a yacht spawn get on a
yacht builders an exotic vacation two
words apple store haul shopping spree
give it to a charity invest it down
payment on a range rover mate yeah books
pasa bucks piles of books of hello life
that would be acceptable I personally
would either invest it Range Road man
I've i would probably invest it
personally leaking so i'm going invested
pick a trilogy back to the future Dark
Knight series The Matrix Toy Story Star
Wars The Godfather Lord of the Rings The
Hunger Games Indiana Jones that is a lot
of good films in there I'm either gonna
go with dark line series
absolutely love Batman or toy story 4 we
can get two different ones in there I'm
gonna go dark night series so far i'm
i'm an investment guy who loves Batman
what would you bring on a desert island
journal kindle smartphone ipod I need my
Jam's Swiss Army knife food water grill
book of crossword puzzles who would
bring a book of crossword puzzles a
buddy so I don't get bored the heads
think that it's logically if I had a
phone on a desert island I could one
make a video I could to listen to my
jams I could three use it as a torch I
could for use it as Maps like a five
order food with it to a desert island
I'm sure something like that would be
possible I'm definitely going with phone
I could read on it pretty much
everything on there it doesn't have a
nice I've smartphone how much you charge
it obviously take emotion can see that
there's the space not ridiculous but
should be edited smartphone with
emoticons or any other charging case in
terms of the island what you know let me
hasten to boom Oh field is people not
even look at us a logically i'm only
gonna go to the design for a day doesn't
save I'm today who's your dream dinner
guest Steve Jobs Beyonce Oh God
definitely not Kanye West Stephen
Hawking just gonna sound as such a
fanboy all Beyonce I'm gonna say two
jobs just because I think he's was the
inspiration of God I don't need to have
some fascinating conversations in there
what best describes you bold observe and
creative critical thing adventurous
badass definitely badass determined
passionate loyal I'm going with creative
what city should you actually live in
barcelona la para sporting am under New
York Rio que tanto Joe I think i should
actually live in London because London
may
sent me through and i also love London
like I think London genu is one the best
cities in the world has so much to offer
pick up magazine Fast Company New Yorker
probably not scientific american sports
illustrated vogue Reader's Digest wide
National Geographic Forbes we go Forbes
what do you look for in a workplace good
challenge focus mission organized job
security excitement interesting
coworkers attention to detail
risk-taking flexibility good old
challenge pick a genre documentary
foreign comedy indie drama sci fi
inspiring sport action horror see horror
because I just shot hora haha I'm really
into documentaries at the moment so I'm
going documentary pick a social network
snapchat what I mean obviously YouTube
just not on there no just BuzzFeed just
dropping youtubers it doesn't even exist
disappointment right there snapchat
linkedin twitter wordpress instagram
read it pinterest facebook tumblr
breathe icon and select you now so much
made your choice you can't change it I
cook Twitter first okay um you got vice
president than later you are a doer you
know how to get things done your heart
analytical half big finger which is what
makes me so valuable to any team you
love a good challenge and excited by
possibility go get em tiger because at
this point you're pretty much
unstoppable other occupations engineer
oh ok sorry vice president engineer
honestly I don't really see a cross
cross over between those two but i will
happily take vice president so yeah i
will be the vice president of America
there we go think very much hope you
enjoyed today's video if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and I
will see you guys mark by
ladies and gentle son a boxing ladies
and gentlemen I V Marcus Butler great
Marcus Butler promise to make you laugh
and smile and entertain throughout more
markers and my passionate love making
videos on this channel I hope you
continue to support me through my
campaign and vote me vice-leader more
markets the new the leaders but leader
or by steam
