hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
the channel if you're new hit the
subscribe button challenge growing
nicely opponents too thanks to all you
new people that are finding the channel
subscribe in and just what changed yeah
cool let's get on with the video so
today I'm very excited because we're
doing a trying video pelic trying videos
for testing videos over but this is
different because we're going back to
childhood roots my childhood maybe some
of your childhood it'll be interesting
to know if this is just more
predominantly a UK thing or if it does
go more around the globe that is trying
crisps from my childhood so we're going
to make this trying childhood snacks a
series starting off with crisps which is
today potato chips chips whatever you
want to call them for a load here in the
UK we call them crisps I'm actually
really excited bit of him told me before
we jump into it anyone that knows me or
grew up with me knows how much I would
love Chris I'm always a savory person I
would always choose Krystal over
chocolate but I love Chris I would have
two to three pounds of crisps a day
without fail with my lunch I would
always have two bags of crisps always
even use mint on me well you know I
honestly don't know we've a whole
variety of childhood Chris I'm going to
start off with a bit of a classic french
fries drama french fries are they were I
knew licensed bias on the annoying there
were some has a bit sure but sometimes
you'd swallow it like that touch bit of
a step in the negative but it's worth it
why you love ice over the back person
you smell all that smells so a min ago
ones go like straight to the back your
throat smell wah oh you shoved a say but
yes ah they're so good I'm so sad I'm
going to show you what I used to do so
first I'm going to eat trial on honesty
I just have these at my dad's house and
I'm trying to think now when the last
time that would have been when I was a
kid mustering and I was like 14 is to
smash these now that's their amazing oh
they do they are very good right this is
why I used to do it's pretty tired learn
up and said it I used to put it hit it
and you've got it I push it into my
teeth right you're cool I'm cool on I
love french fries ones I'll blast
through the other french fry flavors we
got two french fried paper ready salted
connor wrong with it ready focus I
thought really salted is such a UK
phrase isn't it ready salted
I feel you go nowhere else in the world
and they'd have ready salted
they could regular in America based
salted is like regular or it's like
ready salted why is it called that it
makes sense because it's already got
salt on the wiseness salt you don't call
them like ready
fried in oil and bake so ever all right
here we go this is so easy to eat some
of my name is definitely better the best
flavor is a cheese nothing I started to
really not like to you know name as a
flavor as like as a whole I used to be
kind of anteus but there are a few
brands that were an exception french
fries on
Oh O'Mara Graham Dale example on the
summer holidays I could be sick easily
especially is it just me a Kris got
smaller and smaller maybe is because
we've grown in size but that is very
small like to precise my hand I was
thinking like that the monster much I'm
here to throne I hate this we've got
being in there I'm sorry modest much
used to get big packs of monster munch
big right yeah yeah it was a shiny
purple yeah that one was that uh what
was the red one flaming hot flaming hot
so that Muslims the napalm monstermunch
oh there's a pickled onion epic one
thing is if the sound of this late abuse
it's on Oh try this this thing it's
fried in oil and it's been flavored like
a pickled onion you would be like get
away from me I don't want to put them on
now but with Monster lunch ah this
scream childhood so hard to make and I'm
really cool again well no I did my
fingers of burns I can't really do it
well I don't know if they wanted you to
do this I used to put them on all my
fingers made them oh that's what you
meant to do look oh that one's broken
whoa leave me alone Oh such a weird
relationship of students again - nice
let go see so you'd have all like this
in your eye are my monster then you can
just I think you love that that runs on
the floor who did not love that in the
car
amazing evening is running some schools
very very wrap up very smelly breath and
immediately girl over general flavor I
did you slow walkers roast chicken the
orange ones I like oh they're amazing
you know my absolute favorite crystal
actually said we haven't got the mare
which on the orange so I'm going to say
Nick knack Nick knack well I may be sick
and the powerful ones as well because
they were really weird flavors they're
so amazing yeah that is all I get where
I need nap next imaginary looking at do
those soldiers of them they so full of
flavor
okay can you still get knickknacks now I
consider can you tell me some please
Nick knack party y'all know just
personal life sorry
next up on that these this is one thing
they're just getting smaller and smaller
listening we crispy that we crunchy even
sorry crispy bacon
absolute classic childhoods they are
like I'm sorry I'm really been explain
her more sense then how it tastes come
just assuming you know but you don't
they're like hard circular crisp the
thing with these if they're smell is
incredible
wheat crunches because guess what when
you put in your mouth crunches ladies
Whittle flavors to be stuff never been
in contact with like bacon if I think
that with everything it's like okay when
you're drinking thunder how come that
tastes like orange okay maybe that has
orange juice in it but but the amazing
everything here is may is crisp how can
it not be amazing the most annoying ones
ship stick they do go everywhere and
there's these berries like these go
everywhere so these are like very old
you can tell from the branding they're
like you know things our parents would
have eaten but they're very one they're
very stingy in the packaging type very
small and to just know I know why
they're annoying big sounds really rank
you eat a whole pack you end up with the
crisps stop plug in in brown like your
gum areas and behind your teeth flush I
know very like one just dissolves
nothing back
one really well got one in my mouth now
watch as I got flavor as well not a big
fan be honest continuing the bacon trend
we have got frazzles and i did not
realize that the same company has chip
stick trials are uneven in terms of the
tape suite because as Chris but they've
made it look like a piece of bass done
so they can play that and it looks like
a piece of bacon in terms of the streak
and stuff actually
but I never used to really like razzle
diva an absolute classic now is the
space Raiders the smallest act that
we've got here by far but worth maybe
they don't space raided everyone just
called millions I swear they were just
everyone's good million I think anyway
since they say that branding that had to
change yeah yes I agree but I remember
meeting
maybe you just everyone good million
sees the I never really had these
wallets once muncher so much bad in
terms of pickled onion ones munch so
much better so much better so I and last
but not least this pack is a very boring
but this one's in my grandma that when
we need to go there these the only
Christian she ever had and then salt and
shake and it's quite like quite nice
because baby you have your own backup so
in there
I'll show you so they're like plane
Chris so you know all the ones we've had
a very different Chris and normal
critters like that that is a normal
Chris in the UK isn't that like a normal
breast so these are playing completely
playing and you always have a blue patch
inside here like this little patch of
soul so what you do you get yourself at
the bottom you open it sprinkle your
soul end so dull our lovely little bit
salt and then you close the Chris that
the task and then you go shave through
and then you have well you're in solid
crypt oh yeah that just completely
reminds me of my grandmother that's why
I like them well and there we go that
rounds up the first edition of childhood
snacks on the channel I really hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up let us know what
we should do next
also let me know if you you have those
crisps now you eat this Chris you've
tried those crisps some of you viewers
probably never tried these because they
don't have them where you live in the
world so sorry about that but I will see
you very soon I'll see you tomorrow if
you do another video ok
