hello what's up today we are doing a
Walking Dead themed quiz so spoiler uh
if you haven't watch Walking Dead if you
think you're gonna watch Walking Dead we
haven't watch it yeah and your ha oh
yeah all the way through and you don't
finish maybe don't watch this come back
tomorrow but not this video because I
get some spoilers away yeah I think it's
gonna be funny just to see how
potentially bad I could be but hoping
for the best this is the Walking Dead
general knowledge quiz
The Walking Dead television series was
developed by director of which of these
prison set films check don't bloody know
televisions is developed by a director
and he looks like someone that would
make I feel I think not if it was a
short hangar I'm gonna go hunger he
looks like man number two who is the
first regular character Rick Grimes of
meat after waking up from his coma oh
it's not Shane who's Glenn Glenn Glenn
Glenn Glenn I thought it was who's the
guy he meets mending meets his boy John
I mean he meets the boy in the street
house next door and then that's who I
thought it was but I'm gonna go Shane
what I'll write it tells you if you're
wrong right so the first one I got
so what's shawshank redemption' of
course it was of course I got that one
wrong when I said oh it's not gonna read
that one and then ends up being that one
Glenn oh wait no that's not true wasn't
the question
okay all right that doesn't count
I'm not gonna accept that who's the
first regular character Rick Grimes
meets right I think I'm right but who I
said but that is true Glenn when he goes
up into the army night yes okay okay oh
my god he looks so different than number
three
what was andreas occupation for zombie
outbreak shit civil rights law I think
I'm pretty sure that's right I'm right
I'm right yes I'm right I don't know how
I remember being called that at some
point which of these characters has
never appeared in the comic book series
the show is based on Darrell Dale bomb
Carol
I'm gonna go Bob arrow one of the main
characters wasn't in the comic book what
what is the name of the doctor that the
group find in CDC towards the end of
season one
Eric Newton Edwin Jenna Edward Curie
Eduardo fart is that Warren and fire day
is not no it's not no it's definitely
nice
Edwin Jenna so I'm doing great I got one
out five so so far this is almost as
great as my teacher this is where number
six season three sees the death of how
many series regulars who is gonna know
this off the top of their head bright
who's gonna sit down go oh yeah well I
was like this person this person this
person okay therefore is people that do
not answers to that see my problem when
I watch TV series they're just all blend
into one sees death of how materials
regulars died with her oh okay
if this is right in the prism spoiler
Alliance Brits wife dies last night I'm
gonna go three yes yes I was right mal
serves his own hand we Hershel has his
leg amputated
Michonne Stubbs and stabbed the governor
in I but which one is it that they lose
which one is it that the government
loses the eye is left I was right
it's his left I'm sure it's his left
it's his right cool great yeah fantastic
what is the name of Theresa's girlfriend
who Cowell sets fire to option contracts
a deadly virus in the prison Asha is
that Sasha no it's Karen it's Cameron
yes haha I knew that what a legend
number nine which character said jesus
promised a resurrection of the Dead I
just thought he had something a little
different in mind it's either gonna be
Hershel Maggie because they're from the
same fight they were super religious
weren't they Hershel yes boom on a roll
here ladies and gentlemen must be on 20%
so far number 10 walking dead including
the
episode of season 5 how many episodes
have there been so far I mean that's a
bit ridiculous isn't it yeah great
52 ha right yes I knew that
of course I did number 11 which
character shoots Morgan in season 3 so I
get serene no call ah Koshu ting but his
lucky one bulletproof vest right
what drink does doubt refused to let
better drink as her first taste of
alcohol I mean I definitely don't
remember
Malibu peach snaps horse magnify spread
wine at peach snaps Britney which
character is killed by weapon that
doesn't belong to the person who uses it
to kill them Andrea right got it yeah
make sense when her she was killed by
the governor with Michaan's sword then
how old is called by the end of season 4
meant to be 13 isn't it no no of course
it's not 14
of course he is yeah yeah sure the last
question I can't wait to see how well
I've done how many characters are locked
in the boxcar at terminus by the end of
season 4 feeling like there was eight
left
and then I'm gonna at nine no cool yeah
of course that was 12
yeah great so I've got five right out 15
you're you're walking dead knowledge is
pretty average there is room for
improvement
well that's great I'm really really
happy with my result there what does
that mean 33.33% well that would get me
in you probably think I need to re-watch
the walking dead or not I think the new
season has just come out so I should
probably go and watch that not right now
cuz I'm filming a video that a bit weird
if I just left to go and watch that
obviously I did shock me bad I don't
know if you guys played along with me
I'm sure half of you what Jenna's
problem oh my god Matt I can't believe
you didn't know this one so apologies if
I offended you I hope you liked this
video anyway and I'll see you very soon
probably tomorrow with another video bye
