what is up everybody some of you may
know I bought a rap parody bitches so
bad they be asking for attention when
I'm living on my shows I'll be doing or
this hoes in my fresh clothes was taking
photo so yeah that was a thing that
happened when I hit a million
subscribers I thought it might be funny
to watch back the music video and kind
of react live to it and also share
anything that went on I wish I did a
behind-the-scenes video of it at a time
because so much went on and happened in
there that you guys probably never
thought about our new so I thought it
might be funny to just kind of watch
over and talk about it
money money money guns and hoes I'm a
rapper a rapper but my BAE has 3.7
million views now which is mental
literally mental here we go oh yeah
am i wearing lucky but that on the trap
first of all starting with the venue
this venue ended up being in Skid Row in
LA I didn't know anything about this but
Skid Row is just like a lot of bad stuff
goes on there and it happen because we
were driving we were driving along in
the morning I was in my car with like
all the props and stuff and Sawyer was
in front of me so at home and and he was
driving his yellow Aston Martin and we
were using that as part of the music
video right and I get the girl's
attention so we're driving into downtown
LA and as we get in closer and closer
and closer you can see it getting kind
of like rougher as deeper as we're
getting to the location SOI was behind
me clean mirror and it's bright yellow
aster it just didn't look very safe at
all and we were pulling into this page
and I look behind and Sawyer was just
like
there was a security guard on this whole
venue had its own full-on a security
fence near me he opened the gate when he
saw we had an Aston he his face was just
like like why are you guys doing why'd
you go I've asked him Warren nothing
didn't sound like that he actually said
we're gonna have to hide your heart he
said otherwise people jump over and just
steal and smash into your car it was
just it was just a bit sketchy
here's Nicki Minaj yeah classic honestly
this was the last shot of the day I was
so hot so the building was in this annex
so it was all unlike this top floor and
in LA in the summer of us it's very hot
had the Sun beating down all day and I
was just standing in this Nicki Minaj
outfit working clearly not having a good
time
mouth piece that you had there if
there's loads of parts where you can see
that this bump underneath and loads of
the comments asked about that it was a
crappy plastic one that I bought from
some random joke shop and it was so shit
that it was like breaking and just
sticking out beneath all the dollar
bills there they are real dollar bills I
got the weirdest look when I went to the
bank in America to go out to my hi can I
have five hundred dollars in one dollar
bills please honestly they probably have
some kind of pimp or I just obsessed
with like going to a strip club and
spraying $1 why you need one dollar
bills for bro yeah that's working shot
you can see everyone like in the corner
they were absolutely wetting themselves
laughing at me the whole time we had to
do that shot like I don't even know like
20 times
oh and where the Mayo is squaring it out
we had to let hose the whole floor
because it was so messy
Penn maze everywhere I'm literally
dripping with sweat his face does
attention ah
Oh classic you know he wasn't even on
YouTube when I did this hello to people
like his the blonde girl who's the
blonde girl
I'm really talking about his rapping
like when I said the Nicki nice shot was
the hottest I was on the day no no no
this by far me and the father Christmas
outfit so these bits yet where I'm
singing next to Brett Brett could only
come behalf the day so here to leave it
about to and this was the last shot we
did with Brett and my father Christmas
outfit so two o'clock peak of the day
summer in LA in an annex in a father
Christmas outfit luau Holt I have my
jigs oh good
in my head I was like please not another
shot sly please answer on the shop it oh
yeah let's do one more shot Marcus I'm
lead you guys know how good dive
you didn't see me next Christmas I love
this right ends it goes blank
hello I love that when I made this I was
so nervous for it I had to put a message
at the end explaining that it was a
parody I was like this was a parody guys
it's not real
if you're wondering am i doing another
one I am and it's on its way it will be
out before Christmas hopefully I have
the track done
I have lyrics done and now all I need to
do is record it and then shoot music
video so that's where it's at so keep
your eyes out for that but yeah I hope
you like this video if you want me to do
more of this stuff reacting to like
weird videos I've done specific videos
and let me know maybe could react to pin
man that would be funny but yeah let me
know other than that I'll see you guys
real soon I hello
