hello people welcome to make kenaima
marrakech today we have a very very
special video I don't know how that
things I don't need that right now most
of you may not know what the hell this
is about but I do this 20th of jun 2010
that's five and a bit years ago oh my
god I made possibly the most
embarrassing video I've ever made to
date and it was called how to be a
superhero dash bin man some of you may
see it because people like Zoe thanks
Zoe like to tweet out my video is
private but someone's ripped this video
and that person's video has more views
than my video does itself so bangs OE
and Alfie thanks for treating now guys
um I just thought it was about time I
reactor and showed you guys a bit more
about bin man because everyone needs a
bit of been man in their life I haven't
washed this for a while also one of one
of zone out his favorite things to do is
when we where the load of YouTube's and
we're talking about videos and stuff
fella oh yeah let's show everyone your
bin man video and like they literally
get up on screen in front of the
audience of other youtubers massively
embarrassing
here we go finally get to relax just
look at me like just look just I'm just
gonna but this isn't even in its 480p
okay oh I've got an annotation here as
well okay so no acting isn't great but
I'll work on it because most of you want
to see this as a series do you pretty
sure no one actually requested for this
to be a series so what the is that
do not fear bin man is here right I mean
do not fear bin man it here I mean look
how scary been man is like just look
a-here sorry Louise I'm bin man oh my
god ah reckon we can get 350 bucks how
many likes did this get 900 cool least
we be trained up if you likes you cook
you said you call yourself in LA I am
good man why really been there so if you
are so called potatoes so bad is Ed
because you know what Superman well when
I was filming us as I was really really
worried because in my family house
there's loads of houses around and it
was the summer time and like loads of
people would have been watching me
dressed in a bin cape and I've been on
my head just like what the is this
weird boy did I spider-man he can do
that cool website let alone my fat what
do I step that thing he worked at home
like literally his office was opposite
why I had to fill he was like we're
gonna know why he died there don't be
cheap done way better than over then do
you know what I can fly oh you can
yeah Ivan fly really you're ready place
let's see it quite sick seen here we go
if you want to see me dead yeah i'll
show you i'm in one more one I got your
jamas
I'm literally in my pajamas yeah flying
yeah that was clearly an epic fail us so
well Rose you can do mr. bin man I mean
how they helped my eye line is all over
the place as well like where I meant to
be looking at bin man I'm just looking
right everywhere you see anything with a
 bin on your head oh you're not
exactly where you're going and I didn't
write any of this down so I just like
I've lived on the spot so in my head I
film a little bit first I saw this is
what I'd say this is what I say and a
bin man I just had to try and think what
I said so hence why there's no actual
cuts between me speak in a bin man it
just cuts from me speaking cut to me
speaking fees I didn't get him up shots
have been read ah well you see that over
there go on go and pick up is the bin on
your head what that's just that I can
pick up I was really proud of this
moment coming up but really proud of the
exactitude to come Wow leave me alone
though she did have my nose on the
definite it wasn't slow death yeah I
mean two amazing products right never
done it was just that it's just in the
way there if it wasn't that if he's a
lot about the buttons allow them and
white loyally I'm the wind you
definitely can't see where you're going
so what the hell can you do I've got
some killer killer moves that get people
not just the ones over there yeah can we
could see that action maybe whoa whoa
whoa
but did you see the actually just know
what should come rain and appalling you
only look how far they went he goes up
at the end what was your uh oh camera
surveillance me you seem like an
absolutely terrible so yeah I mean could
you expect if Allah say okay like a fly
so you know how is there another half of
the video that you ever been on your
head so I focus upon him to see anyone
talk right now I'm sorry for hurt your
feelings I didn't mean to it again not
even looking I'm looking at don't have I
literally look towards the camera when
I'm talking like an acting scene it's
like me going I've been man dinner bin
man bin and picking aha wow fantastic
skill oh you don't want sorry I don't
care what you say i'm off to save the
planet oh you're going off to save save
the walk do not fear bin man just slide
that line do not fear them out of here
everyone was trembling what I guys oh
yeah in mackay hey guys you're right all
right singing slipping Oh anyway so yeah
I came up this idea well as verizon that
quite I revising there we go this is I
should have been doing my exam revisions
and I'm I what was I doing to come up
with that idea like I'm studying
psychology what if so do everything
resolve series now obviously I don't
know what your reactions gonna be so
please let me know if you don t move my
pots my head got some ideas more even is
not pretty fun up so please leave your
like feedback on that other then right I
figured out what I'm gonna get one I've
got 5000 subscribers I'm not going to
tell you because it's gonna be a
surprise you but I'm gonna make a wicked
video on it so make sure you stay tuned
for that not gonna tell you what i get
when i get 5000 subscribers but it's a
surprise guys so wicked surprise so
I'm getting a new camera only camera in
one stupid this is why i was living in
the video a comp massive thanks to
abstract for making my new channel
layout go check him out if you want any
designs done who bloody house abstract
wait for it I remember later these
people feedback I would've read some of
the leaves I leave your feedback if
you've got any questions and leave a
comment about that I try respond also
the Royal message closure I quite like
the end of that other like by was a
stage when not not been moving so i
could actually I used to reply that all
the comments until he got to stage when
I couldn't so I'm Mike leave all your
comments and I will reply bin man to
coming 2015 haha honey haha very good
Marcus this video was quite funny you
should make another one for the fun out
of it and probably get Joe sugg in it
also eric and joe would definitely jump
at the idea of coming into that like
what a high quality production that was
don't know where that idea came from but
it was pretty good no it was not pretty
good it's possibly the worst idea buck
said this this is the worst video i've
ever made this was an epic fail five
years ago okay these are the guys from
five years ago fear bin man here's no
need for hair product look i know i had
 hair you don't need to make that
out to me right Laurel great vid Marcus
looking forward to what you'll do after
five thousand subbies me too this was
awesome but the editing was a little
basic leave me alone that was a solid
effort lemay oh but just FYI the real
spider-man had to use web katsu she
shoot webs only in the movies was a part
of his powers thanks I mean sure you
have to you have stuff to work on most
youtubers do but I'm excited Sears turn
into a cool youtube series keep up the
good work markers i clearly i don't know
if you guys know i never made it into a
series because i think i would have lost
subscribers a lot of subscribers from it
so yeah that is a bin man if you want me
to do more videos reacting to old
horrific cringe one-off videos cuz i've
got so many of them then
let me on the comments give this video a
thumbs up but I hope you enjoyed it and
I will see you guys tomorrow bye
