right I have a box in front of me of
drink
that's from Japan that I actually got
about six months ago and I've never
opened it I'm gonna open it and see
what's in it that's really not good
starter Edward Scissorhands ha ha all
right I kind of do it a bit like wine
tasting I guess because what I do is
sometimes I psalm player don't actually
swallow it I just get the taste in my
mouth and spit how sad I am hello kitty
melon milk melon milk cow piss water
happy refresh really what even is that
iron supply drink sangria
ramoo neo it's another sangria sangria
look you don't want either abort video
Japanese green tea there we go that
sounds like my car thing I want to crack
into one of these Japanese green tea oh
my god that sings that literary sync
smells like moldy broccoli I almost want
like a spit jug that's gonna be a big
emotion it was of a spoon joke I don't
really want to have any of this go into
my body literally lips are testicles in
a joke even more reason to do come on
give me some sangria ramen ooh yo
 it's very very sparkly yeah
this is this drink I mean that's how
sparkly it is it's literal foam in my
mouth tastes a bit like washing up
liquid very very sweet right what can I
dive into next how about some melon milk
how does a melon milk last until
November 2016
oh really oh really
wanna drink it because actual milk
actual milk yeah
ingredients water milk melon juice
flavoring ah it looks like it's about to
explode the top of this I'm very scared
I mean it smells like melon I'll give it
that looks disgusting
here we go bottoms up that actually
tastes exactly like I'm eating a melon
surprisingly very oh no very very weird
aftertaste well first time I've ever
tried melon milk done about you guys
melon milk all right sold Clippers
why is everything going off in October
kaleipus water water sugar fermented
milk oh oh that's it this is popping out
what is hopping milk and drinks we don't
have any milk and drinks here and then
milkshakes and probably some other stuff
I actually feel like I have no teeth
left and I've had four of these drinks
no better odds on actually discuss them
iron supply drink yeah cool running low
on iron
yeah sure are funnies water sugar citric
acid sodium citrate sodium chloride
potassium Troy sounds just what I want
yes I get a pint of sodium chloride
please this just smells like toilet
water here we go
not telling water extremely gone off
flat tonic water that's what that it
tastes like here we go there's gonna go
for the sangria this is apparently
sangria white grape juice oh my god oh
my kill Oh actually got balls in it oh
my god that has
great Bulls Annette this is the one that
I said looks like testicles in it the
thing that is that so I think they might
have a joking just Podesta kills in
there that felt horrible I can't do that
to myself what on earth is this Pokemon
drink Refresh fruit refresh really all
that sugar overdose I mean anything that
can last for like seven years so what
you want isn't it oh my god that looks a
little bit like diarrhea is coming on
the top of the lid ah oh my god there's
just not one thing about that it is nice
I think I might be sick from not
swallowing any golf drinks here we go
last one this is the older Hello Kitty
tombow in royal jelly drink jelly drink
or oh don't do that
Oh oh my god
what the actual hell is coming out the
top of that that is not going in my
mouth
sorry that is not going in my mouth and
a huge eyes can use I'll try at eat
right I'd rather try not insects then
this stuff genuinely this looks so
appetizing right now I really know what
it is it's an actual tongue okay here we
go I mean it didn't actually taste that
bad yeah the taste of jelly
you've got try that now oh that's
absolutely disgusting
I wish you guys could just have some of
this through here right the camera
battery is about to die
those were possibly some of the worst
things I've ever had in my mouth I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did make sure you have a big
thumbs up big thumbs up and if you want
me to do more tasting stuff in the
future then let me know I'm sure I can
do it for your entertainment okay bye
