yes I'm wearing a snapback deal with it
I'm a rapper so basically the idea of
this is there is a bunch of clips
matched together or music videos of such
and the idea is to suss out with I have
to guess whether they're real or Claire
parody and you guys can play it on
guitar so we're going to play this video
clip and pre-show forward is it real or
is it a parody hey each clip is 30
seconds on so you and I both have 30
seconds to figure out if it's real or a
parody Jo meets a real or a parody one
more time real or apparently just in
case you didn't know is real or parody
got it cool uh is this I want to say
parody because oh how ridiculous it is
I'm good I'm gonna say pirated mmm
that's a real song so I got that wrong
did you guys get that right or wrong
thanks one here we go this is definitely
a parody wait this is this my mother
lover I thought I didn't know JT did
more than mother over I haven't heard
this one but obviously Lonely Island
Justin Timberlake I don't know this one
though
freer a tiny island I'm scary would not
want to cross part of this guy
scuse me
um real real that is that is real and
very real by the looks of it real guns
real tattoos real Mohicans real nice
right there yeah it's from from this
from nada I think I'm gonna say the
really good rawness from Miami so I want
it I went to our trade yes that's not
him
that is not him singing
I would punch you up into the air like a
kite Wow
I really want to take parody but my
mouth why she only what has he got
snotty nose but actual full-on nose snot
coming out there are you guys seeing
that as well I'm just gonna be a parody
that just can't be real voice didn't
match him at all that's gotta be parody
oh you're next lately is so much about
me I want you I do I love you
he's in your eyelid suction turns it
chicken on home yes I love this on a
mission Anisha I really want to kiss you
say she said I'm a trooper my mojo Paige
baby well yeah well soldier boy kids me
through the phone as a tea for a tune
right uh represent soldier boy yeah I
think some of you may have known that as
probably the most popular one over the
known yawning so far
what a mile off together why is that
this is here from I'm just agreeing let
me think do movie I want to say as a
parody but I feel like he's really
trying to be a real rapper may even be a
real rapper take you to the movies yeah
cool well that may make it into my next
Sunday sounds who knows I already know
I'm a bit lost for words after watching
that what did you guys what I didn't
stop laughing this isn't funny this is a
serious music video that this guy is
doing though good on him if he wants to
be a rapper he can be a rapper
alright that was the first episode of
the fake first real parody verse real
something perhaps I'm calling it yeah
real or apparently just in case you
didn't know it was real or a parody but
yeah I hope you guys did like yeah and I
will see v's will be with my man another
video all right goodbye
