yo what is up people now today I thought
you would try something if you saw my
main channel we did a video where I got
a low 90s toys and reacts to him when I
was this little alien baby and I was
like I love you put them in the fridge I
am a baby robot I'm not sure that's a
rumor or a myth or a legend whatever you
want or if it's an actual thing so I
thought what we did today I got two of
these little alien things here they are
a little bad boys and we are gonna put
them in the fridge together mush them
together go out we've got to go out and
then we're gonna see what answer
hey I don't even know if that's what you
might do don't put them in the same one
oh this one hasn't had appeared
this one's all right oh oh you mustn't
like that
literally smells disgusting
oh wait ones blue ones purple hey guys
we're gonna go for this
let's can all right let's get blue boy
out oh god oh oh look ahh I don't
remember them having that is that where
the bees that the baby goes oh
excitement it's Louie one come on
Gertrude right rub their backs get that
that could be that is the making sex
place rock the module stick them oh yeah
I'm making two alien babies have sexual
intercourse right now so is this
education this is not educational inside
this
okay now we put in the blue one on pink
one I'm gonna go and definitely it's not
gonna fit
well I do my life right now
squishing Aryans into a tub see if they
have a baby okay they kind of gain this
jelly better than I thought labored just
got that looks like the baby in there
already flipping feet in stops ticking
mom I know you're not comfy all right
but you just got a baby gonna chop on
the feet off your head off
Oh God on and you go Oh feet feet feet
feet sorry
Oh baby might not have your feet this is
really quite hard
I've squish its head of squishes head
happened you can't shut up there we go
cool this is going fridge yeah this oh
yeah and we're going to see we have baby
in a few hours so it's been seven hours
is there going to be a baby bit what are
you here I'm knowing you things 9 no I
don't think so
I think it's a myth means myth Matt
that's a load of rubbish farming you
against you guys and say there's gonna
be baby
hello welcome to our fridge oh oh god
the jelly is outside that's the baby
we've put a baby
I won't I'm pretty sure there's no baby
there guys can you put that buttocks
together yeah put their back their backs
have moved though that's a bit weird
oh is that baby starting you know don't
know if there's a baby starting I think
it's me being a bit ambitious yes there
aren't any alien babies guys let me know
if Lum is wrong maybe we can try again
and touch that's actually gross and yeah
maybe we'll try again see what happens
but this is a little alien experiment
aliens don't have babies check back in
next week for next week's discovery hope
you guys are doing the video speed
tomorrow maybe
