hey guys and welcome back to more Marcus
where today we are going to be partaking
in a quiz together yay this quiz is
gonna be who is your only one building
on because it says in the title Rody's
in a magical world where I'm not with
Naomi if I had a youtube girlfriend who
would it be
hey hey yeah let's begin everyone would
love a girlfriend so why not have a
famous one
Zoe Tania Miranda and Bethany which one
best resembles the way you are and will
it be who you imagine oh I don't know
take the quiz and find out it's never
failed all the girls are easy and will
be perfect for any of you guys out there
or women wink face
I like hello through in the women there
at the end you know what is your age 18
to 24 is my age what is your gender male
female male you consider yourself to be
confident shy bubbly devious the loner
happy that so many nice yes right there
god I'm not particularly shy I'd even go
with happy or confident I don't think
I'm alone err I mean I make videos in my
room and put them on the Internet I only
go happy I'm a happy person favourite
type of video makeup tutorial how to get
a boyfriend hairstyle tutorial all all
of the above I'm gonna have to go with
all of the above
favorite animal hampster dogs guinea
pigs cats or other I guess I'm gonna
have to say cats even though I am a
wannabe dog person
your friend Falls what do you do laugh
for a while then help them up walk away
as you're so embarrassed who has ever
done that when your friends fallen over
man they're just full flat on the face
in public you just go oh yeah see you
later and just pinch me walk up act
sympathetic and help them know even be
sympathetic act sympathetic as if you
don't actually care about you just are
you okay
that's embarrassing I think I'd laugh
for a while and then help them out
number seven how would you describe your
humor serious humorous I don't have one
dry and sigh past it I'm going to go
humorous name a negative quality of
yours cocky / arrogant
jealous shy factionist serious let's go
with jealous you like a girl with big
butt nice smile gorgeous eyes
good figure nice hair okay I'm gonna go
a big butt I like big butts it again
that you'd like your girlfriend to be
gamer girl popular nerd dumb confident
wait damn straight
what like these questions if I pick any
one of these I'm gonna instantly offend
a whole load of people I know
let's close my eyes and randomly which
everyone
nerd there you go nerd how embarrassed
do you get 0 to 5 5 to 10 10 to 20 off
the scale my life's a mess if I was with
someone and they screamed
I love granny nipples in public I'd
probably find that funny and not be
embarrassed I'm just gonna go with 5 to
10 no how does this work the last
question is who do you think is best
suited for you tiny birds always have
around sayings bethany mota your mana
tell me there yes here we go guys
let's get the drumroll going oh ok ok
your result bethany mota 74% a singer
dancer and all-around talented rather
confident and love to be involved in new
things and love holes and favorite
videos not only that but you're a retro
gal with good fashion sense I'm a boy
Oh
72% Zoe 64% Miranda what and 48 percent
on sorry Tom I guess we're not mate Hey
well that is a youtuber girlfriend quiz
what a great quiz I feel s that was I'm
glad I found out the answer although I
think yeah it could have been a lot
broader but hey that's my first ever
quiz would you look at that so if you
like that and you'd like to see more of
those and give this video a thumbs up
and I will see you guys very soon
goodbye
