what is up bow and welcome to what's
your recess character I love recess it
was genuinely up there in my top three
favorite programs every day before I
went to school I would watch two
episodes because they'd have
back-to-back and they're like 20 minutes
so me and my little sister with Sid are
eating our breakfast what she knows
before recess then the movie came out
and I was like oh my god best film ever
I'd always like to think that I was TJ
just because TJ is look TJ that I'm
wearing a hat and yours doing this I
didn't plan that by the way just no
definitely not that actually oh my god
there is definitely a youtuber picture
somewhere of our faces mashed onto the
like recess characters and I think I was
Mikey I mean yeah which of the following
do you like best science poetry sports
pulling pranks wrestlin you see I don't
really like pulling pranks I like
scaring people and stuff but I don't
really pull many pranks so I'm gonna go
sports how's your average recess been
eating like trying to get out detention
playing kickball threatening to beat up
preps what's a prep
comes from identifying one who go to
preparatory or prep school typically on
the East Coast because prep usually are
more ambitious do I threaten to beat up
ambitious people no helping people with
their homework
I was I was asking people to help me if
I might kickball that's the game they
always used to blame recess i rewatch i
used to be oh please can we do this as
my school but we never did it or trying
to get out of detention I was pretty
naughty at school actually I'm new I've
trying to get out of detention what was
your favorite thing to read who was
obsessed with wrestling wrestling
magazines comments poetry and cookbooks
sports magazines national drift
Geographic magazines I released you read
comments actually which summer camp
would you attend up the following but he
spoke up wrestling camp Space Camp no we
can't poach you can't own a hundred
percent tennis space camp which of the
following outfits would you wear in
public
basketball jersey with shorts on Divya
has a dress pick types of Pink's hugs a
dress tights boots in the Hat blue jeans
white shirt jacket and backwards red hat
B TJ what are your grades in school a
plus C plus C minus or low B C I'm gonna
go B how many pieces of pizza can you
eat where's the relevance in that when I
used to eat a lot of junk food a lot of
the time after a night out with Alfie
and Brighton about three years ago we
went to go and get pizza no one else
we're with one in Pete's rather than me
and it was buy one get one free so I
bought this pizza 12-inch Peter got
another one free and I was a little bit
tipsy and I didn't want to share this I
had two full pizzas and there's about
eight people I didn't share any of this
pizza with anyone and I hate both those
large pizzas to myself that was a
one-off I cannot do that now I'm gonna
go with four slices what kind of shoes
do you most often wear boots who has
bowling shoes as they go to pair of
shoes high-top tennis shoes sneakers I'm
gonna go high tops which of the
following would you most like to grow up
to be pro wrestler scientist a spy a
famous singer famous picture I quite
like the idea of being a spy or a famous
singer I'm gonna have a spy which of
these characters do you think you're
most like Gretchen Mikey Vince
Spinelli TJ score me most like Vince and
TJ you like pulling pranks playing
sports and having fun yeah that's the
recess quiz I hope you guys did like it
and like to enjoyed this video if you
did give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys very soon
I remember buh buh bye
