he'll over there and welcome back to my
second channel we have actually managed
to fix the blind oh you got a little bit
masking tape there so that is what is
keeping the blind up right today I'm
doing something called a akinator now
akinator is kind of I feel like it's
blown up in the last few months really
and loads of youtubes have been doing it
but I actually used to use a connector
about two years ago and it first came
out because those of you guys tweeted me
about two years ago Zara it's cool
but I've never played it since and I've
just downloaded it and opened it and it
looks a lot more kind of professional to
help you salute it looks really dodgy
before a note like some kind of 14 year
old kid had just made it and throwing up
I'm gonna play and fertile I'm obviously
gonna try against myself and then we're
just gonna have some fun and see if we
can get random people and I should know
I have I have showered now and it's a
different day compared to when we last
filmed in the hand shout so just in case
you wanted tonight
think about a real or fictional
character I will try to guess who it is
you play with famous characters
characters my world
what does characters my love mean okay
I'm just taking like a flex guy question
number one is your character a male so
we're doing me so yes a male it's
probably listening you know that's how
can a probably knows it's probably a
secretly hearing me say oh you're gonna
do million and it just knows it's some
weird I probably sitting on the outside
fun question number two does your
character really exist yes they do
really exist why the third question is
your character youtuber why is how the
third question okay yes
is your character British yes it's your
character in the sidemen no does your
character know zoe sugg yes I prefer Nia
is gonna go
your character is Alfie deyes or does
your character have a dog does your
carries live with Caspar Lee no I wonder
who that one could be a does your
character have a girlfriend / boyfriend
yes don't you carry to have a pug no
how's your character ever been engaged
no I don't know whatever I was like no I
have never been engaged is your
character in a relationship with a
youtuber yes oh here we go
is your character in the YouTube boyband
this is question number 12
yes does your character have a sister
yes
derp derp derp derp derp derp derp did
it Marcus Butler well on that although
that took a lot longer than I thought
well done you've just found the standard
Aki award you get 100 GZ the last a key
award of this character was won by
another player 13 minutes ago someone
was playing his 13 minutes ago found me
okay that makes me feel a bit weird this
what I've been played 16,000 times
sixteen thousand people who have gone on
akinator and guessed me that is
ludicrous absolutely mental who should
go for now you know what I'm gonna throw
us out there and see if it knows Jim and
Tanya's dog is your characters gender
female does a dog count as a gender okay
yes
I'm just I do not think it's gonna get
this does your character exist yes is
your character from YouTube probably has
your character recorded any albums no
it's your character older than 18 no
it's your character human being no it's
your character black-haired no does your
character live in Britain yes it's your
character brown head yes does your
character white fur no I haven't
actually seen mark in real life yet does
your character have white hair
it's your character white no I thought
we just said it had brown fur those are
characterized work with PewDiePie no you
definitely have not got this right Oh
literally ow get out of it what how does
that know who that is a shit okay you
are clever well done I can enter that's
scary
people try to find more for 2,800 times
that is just stupid synchro Wow okay
play again also really obscure I thought
a dog was bloody Chris Kuehl I'm gonna
try and help smart it's alright you
ready we're gonna go for ximenos
Margaret okay it's your characters
gender female yes does your character
really exist
whoa I mean Margaret what do you say for
that probably I haven't seen her in a
while probably it's a character from
YouTube yes
how do character appeared on the Sarah
Jane Adventures no those are character
live in Britain yes is your character
known for minecraft gaming no although
that could be funny but a character have
a pug no she doesn't
yes Margaret is definitely older than 18
does your character have blonde hair no
does your character sing to find sing I
hate Margot likes to think she can sing
but I'm gonna say no through character
no Zoe sugg mmm she's big fan of Zoe
sugg so probably is your character a
ghost no it's your character
relationship don't know your character
the dark skinned no to the character my
sister no is your character a person in
costume yes Julie character wear a lot
of red lipstick yes your character short
ahead yes
is your character a teenager hmm don't
know
how'd your character got anything to do
with fashion yeah probably
can your character transform into a girl
she years ago so yes does your character
live in the United Kingdom yes it will
character one of a pair no did you care
to go to the launch of sever no it's
your character famous due to other
family members fame no visual cap to
have a brother or sister who is a
youtuber don't know where's your
character born in the UK yes is your
character a singer no to do character
live in America no did your character
worry about Nana no oh oh no literally
no what no how does that know Margaret I
mean it did take your while to get there
but what yes that is Margaret why have
400 people search for Margaret that's
what I wanted I like watch people that
I've gone yeah you know I'm gonna search
for Margaret akinator you have proved
your point and I believe in your
existence yeah you're a clever I was
about to say human being I don't know
what the fuck you are I have got a
little idea to potentially do akinator
with Margaret because Margaret hasn't
shown up facing them or maybe for a main
Channel video who knows I'm just posing
the question let me know if you guys
would like to see I do that and give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and I will see you very soon on this
channel love you bye
