hello beautiful sexy people hello hello
hello I hope you're doing well today
welcome to a very sunny room this much
restraint thing when we're filming and
it's sunny because whilst it's lovely
outside it makes a really annoying
background and then if you don't set
this all up and then if the Sun goes
behind a cloud it just ruins the whole
aesthetic of the video so welcome to
today's guest the youtuber challenge
this time we've got a new type of
challenge and that's going to be guest
the youtuber by that heck those of
youtubers have pets lots of youtubers
love animals and we're going to see how
many youtubers I can guess by looking at
their animals I am ready
Ready Steady Cook so that is a lovely
Punk that is not Nana how can you tell
another anything to say I think Nala
doesn't have those that colors I think
Nala has dark eyes my guess is not nada
no it's not Nala
it is Edgar yeah I thought it was a bit
chubbier that's quite chubby isn't it
cute yeah his puppies are quite cute or
puppies pugs are quite cute
although one of them has one eye which
is sad but they were actually dispersed
not very much than the dog isn't a
rescue so cheap cheap I yeah getting
good live I don't know whose dog they
buy one at oh actually I do think I know
who's doing it that's a Pomeranian isn't
it yeah pretty cute the Pomeranians your
favorite dog is now yes we really really
want is it mister is a boy no it's not
no gosh today I thought was Logan Paul's
oh yeah he cuz he's got something for
peace she shot out the last time I saw
the title Jeremy asked you to do that I
would know past him so it's a girl it's
a female youtuber I don't know she UK
yeah
listen you know I've never seen a
picture of this dog enema it's not um
flutter no I'll find out I have three
guesses how many get it okay I honestly
don't know tonight is the big alien has
Oh Sookie does come chook don't look
very cute very very cute
I'll look how fluffy is as well yeah so
we can either accept and go English we
say that I talk into that it's funny I
think I quite like them long hair so
yeah ah and they see these who these
little rascals are they've got much
difference in size
yeah it's one's a lot older is me now in
when smaller ones of puppy time of their
name storm yeah
we shouldn't stop dawn on the left no
yeah our storm is one on the right yeah
wolf is on the left yeah do all ask you
to have eyes like that now that means I
suppose specific one happily I said I
remember yeah like your eyes quite cool
look they've got different eyes remember
us only Jerry and storms that bite my
ankles real or ah family picture God
he's huge wolf no that is straightaway
Marla how did he know I'll learn do it
Alan how many know straight away I know
seen him enough about those that Alfie
not it's not a boy or girl
go blame Nala let go it's neither in the
by game show the name ah ah yeah it's a
female Tina yeah Tommy pitch from Zoe
ah God's sake south of Iranian yes very
cute I love the ratings
special hockey ones is that Logan pause
dog yes it is I was entering us it's
even his dog because he doesn't really I
think yes
anyways named savage no do we color are
we the savage dad ah savage versus merge
all right next up we have the very funny
picture it's very aggressive in this
picture it has to eat someone that is
pushing on the two points for the the
name of the pair oh yeah and the YouTube
it's not like I have an insult only this
is jenna Marbles
yes it's not marbles marbles died
unfortunately Oh today during this one
yet for the BMS tech Kanna
yet what uh hi oh very cute dog it's
very cute in real life as well little
Martha
now quick because I know Matt no I
probably know math for the best
oh because I see yeah it's the cute is
that's when she's young she is smaller
so yeah Jim and Tanya yeah so small why
is that funny
is it goes Arriba or loud I think it's
about I think a quite nice dog though it
is bad niggas that ugly victims
very stupid what you're so happy but it
looks really dumb well you are you
abandoned but is Shane Dawson Stoke know
what no way Shane goes does have a job
he does have that dog okay
I don't know her name - so unfortunately
of his dog no it's done on a leash - you
saw I was like ash and also the mound
stunt
another big american youtuber burrows
have seen it in some videos the camera
dallas know is dog driver
she has a YouTube channel yes
five millions of yeah everyone's got a
yeast water in it yeah yeah that's me no
it made one song people oh oh yeah oh oh
no no American yes as big as it's not
being in a chain that's it oh ah zipper
mouths words no oh yeah already I don't
leave to see Stokes and you just don't
know them ah as big a trend awesome you
one will get me no okay
ah I'm very happy very big huge this
thing of big dogs like I really wanted I
really want a small dog because big dogs
just a lot of work imagine as well
picking other do you so much it's not it
I just think of when they get like wet
and then they like run around the house
and smelly and no sense if you got big
dogs anything I will be nicer running
around apart but they don't must be nice
I playing like fetches tonight I'd be
quite aggressive though I mean that's
how the wall it off yeah and they just
pull your shoulder Matt broke pinkies
had this animal for a long time I think
he's had a maverick polite to fair four
or five years fo x ey you see so don't
forget Logan Paul thank you he's so
young he is so young that's cute isn't
it another fun billions memory
conviction he's like got rich sixteen of
them like you and he's kept that time
yeah I worry Jake having a pet are that
wouldn't get those after the roof the
houses up anytime
oh yeah these are all mean dogs
oh where are the youtubers cats at yo
that's a very cute do you like cats do i
yeah I do grow it up so I do like dogs
now dude
I've never had older yeah I do love a
cat I've always loved cats I've know how
to dunk low so you can load it's not
Louise's cat no female male may be
American yet
qualen doesn't poke at no no no yes I'm
good I'm clarifying I'm clarify I just
went Connor doesn't have a cat it asked
myself as a common enemy cat ah Brian he
go
no yes bigger than Shane it's hard to
say give up program at your budget did
you're going to notebook soon it is hard
to say ah that calloc so start okay
looks very chubby dick a head of the
previous picture it's a different animal
there is not it's a different cat he and
another one yeah that's not me I don't
know close did you just how I know did
you see me you know I didn't ah very
weird picture there's nothing because it
sounds nice you think freakin there we
go Oh what did I get
well Philip I didn't do that but on this
game ever have that seven out of 11
yeah I will take that considering now
I'm happy about actually well there we
go that round up another guess the
youtuber by their something we've
actually got loads because we've done
loads of these new ones recently we've
got a lot of part twos to do those so
I'm sure you will see those soon if not
leave some suggestions what else we
should do in the comments below
subscribe if your new videos are posted
every day on the channel and I will see
you beautiful people tomorrow vanilla
okay
