what's up guys welcome to a is nutsen
cooking it's not cooking guys know that
I brought out my book hello life and a
whole section on that is about like
health and fitness and how I transform
my diet and lifestyle stuff so I kind of
want to start sharing more of that
information with you guys so starting
today I am going to be showing you a
healthy chocolate smoothie that has four
ingredients and it is honestly LaVon I
was about to say the bond of common what
you're gonna need is I know I said only
four ingredients but I'm going to chuck
in five and I'll show you you can use
this or you can't do this and tidy up to
buy it makes it love it better this is
our cupboard of superfoods so in here we
are going to be using kal powder cacao
nibs kal powder cacao nibs
this one isn't essential but I like to
add in a bit counting just because when
it gets like crack in the smoothie
machine winter shade it gives it a
little bit of like crunchy texture so
when you're having it somewhere so you
put crunchy bits of chocolate and then
anomalous ingredient
almond butter I'm using pipin nut you
can use any almond butters if you don't
want but you can you peanut butter
although almond butter is probably a
little bit better few people nut is
delicious hashtag not sponsored
ingredients check next thing you're
going to need is some kind of blender
smoothie machine maker we use a
nutribullet nutribullet you guys will
see from all my gods if you've watched
my books before either me or name you
use this probably on a daily basis now
he uses it a lot more than me
but it's great for like whipping up
little things like this or pre workout
shakes and stuff which if you want to
see I can show you as much or as little
a shoe that's on so yeah you too brother
whether top by the top by the top by the
top
this is the dishwasher just finished
look at that spanking new clean
nutribullet holder thing
cow powder in case you guys didn't know
is a superfood it is kind of for very
raw chocolate so chocolately you might
eat or the yavi and probably derive from
cal caliber of some sort and yeah this
is in drawer form and it's a very
fantastic superfood
Hey
you
look at out that color just for min man
zoom okay here we go
taste test
oh yeah there we go that's really good
oh so y'all know it's so good I'm gonna
hunt him smart now you can be a tasty
one camera my hate it I hate it
that's a - really good he likes it but
he doesn't even like like the healthy
food that much they liked it that as I
said guys is my chocolate smoothie yes
in my book so there's three other no for
that it's through the juice recipes new
recipes in there so to come as a
checkout ready you can buy that if you
guys want to see more of this stuff
whether it's like me showing you stuff
that I'm a can eat or whether I show you
some exercise stuff let me know because
it is part of my life and this is more
box and I want to share that with you so
oh you like it see that Hey
