yo what up 2nd channel people now today
I'm doing something called the guess the
youtuber babyface basically um somebody
has compiled a selection of youtubers
baby pictures and I am going to try and
guess who they are so here we go
who is that a plan something I don't
know who that is
it's an outfit no is that I kind of want
to say Joe but I don't know who that is
it's not Joe that is that Billy Joe
Casper would never be playing some kind
of musical instrument he would be eating
butter probably be a slicer feature in
his hat let's not lie I'm lost
Amy a clue your nose every day is it
PewDiePie I don't see any facial
recognition between that and PewDiePie
what so I mean it's not a funny face
like I get that it's not front face but
ok never mind going out going out oh I
know straight away - this is this is a
Alfie through and through and through
that is a horrific shot but whose idea
was it to be in that shirt manda was
that you and dude the haircut like
really rocking that bowl look really
going for that man probably be bold
outfit be you I don't think that comes
like you're the first one right but
that's how a hundred think of that right
who the hell is ah who's that I don't
know how I'm gonna be guessing the boy
or a girl or both but that gives it away
I'm gonna say Zoey and Joe yeah that
doesn't look anything like Zoey
no Joe this looks nothing like though
it's Jenny can be too round the people
and is just like hey this is Joan Zoey's
baby it's Joe's little chubby cheeks oh
oh
I'm like 80% sure this is Tonya
yeah that's time she I don't know what
what is there bad she's got the exact
same her like eyes nose and mouth or
exactly the same her face is just kind
of like got like grown up a bit more but
everything else is kind of like yeah
that's Tom hey there he is there he is
what a legend what a little legend in my
dungarees that they what's even on my
dungarees I also don't know how for many
years ten years probably fuse of my
childhood I had pretty much a luminous
white hair and now my hair is like light
brown what happened to that oh what a
cutie oh my god who's that that's not
Casper no I kind of want to say it's
someone like amazingphil no I'm
struggling with this one it's not Dan
how he came round not to longer he came
round not too long ago what who are you
you imposter it's not Jim what who came
round my house not that long ago you
verify speaking funny voices that is not
Tyler
it is according to Tyler I kind of can
see that but kind of him like this just
some wannabe kid trying to be Dudley mmm
interesting I lost I never got that
point oh my god it's those Joker's ever
like straight up is his eyes his eyes
look like exactly the same what is wit
like seriously that haircut did good boy
what is good who like Joey man
what this is so much harder than I
thought it was gonna be when I was like
yeah you she was baby faces yeah I know
youtubers this is hard really hard I
don't even know where to begin with this
she looks like somebody I want to offend
anyone bitch looks like she's gonna like
the Victorian times or something is it
someone like grace yeah this is
definitely youtuber yeah has a dog and I
was about say Miranda sings oh girl
looks a bit like Miranda sing she has a
dog tick it with an american youtuber
who has a dog who is a female who looks
like she's from the victorian times she
just like tutorial videos but not in the
normal sense what i literally don't know
who that is
so the first initial giving it hurts
initially jake not jenna Marbles that is
no jenna Marbles oh my god
we're like no I refuse to believe that
is jenna Marbles
I need pretty you guys need to be
proofing this I don't I haven't sauced
these photos so how legit like I can now
you've said it I can see the eyes I can
see the eyes banner but that hair like
compare and Alberta hair in that picture
that is complete I'm shutting the laptop
that is episode 1 of this series done I
don't know if I want to do a series
number two of series number two an
episode number two because that was
flipping hard I don't know if you got
some of you guys might be sat home what
you've been like oh my god mark it's
just so obvious I seriously know that is
how to not know them and I'm here like
it's actually them so I don't know what
I scored out of eight I think there was
but um I don't think I did too well so
no cool well I hope you guys didn't
doing this video if you did make sure to
give that like button a I was what set
thumbs up but make sure you give the
like button a click that'll help me out
I will see you guys very very soon
goodbye
and the thumbnail might put their faces
there cool
