this is what your hair looks like when
you get out of bed and don't do anything
with it
just leave it like that fantastic
let's just stick with the old beans eh
you know what we just stick my dad yes
it is my be me but that's beside the
point anyway welcome back to my second
channel a home or markers and I guess
welcome to this room which you may
recognize from some of the blog's you
may not this is our spare room and where
I'm gonna be filming a lot of these
videos which I should probably tell you
about because you're probably wondering
where my debut ones are being the first
time I just want to explain my whole
kind of thought process with what I want
to do at this channel on my date
vlogging and I've kind of told you a bit
I haven't told you a lot and I'm also
really hungry so if my stomach is
rumbling I'm good apologies but yes
about two months ago I decided to stop
daily vlogging in the sense of picking
up my camera and film my day every
single day pic film my life every single
day
that's what I meant for reasons that
I've already talked about and what that
leads me onto is wanting to share my
kind of thoughts and ideas of what I've
wanted to do this channel and what I
guess I'm gonna be doing with this
channel so get ready you're already
watching this so you're probably already
gonna know as of now this video that
you're watching right now I have decided
to use more Marcus as a place to put fun
little videos whether that be a
challenge whether that be some random
quizzes that I decided to say whether
that be something stupid that you guys
make me want to eat or try or taste also
with daily vlogs I'm still going to be
vlogging my life when and if I need and
want to so if I'm doing fun that I might
take my camera out today and make you
into a daily vlog how all the rocks used
to be on this channel as well as
anything else I want to throw on this
channel if there's maybe gonna be some
gaming stuff I don't know I have a
gaming channel I have a third channel
which I haven't even touched in about
four months and I know some of you have
been asking me lots and lots and lots
about that but I just haven't one had
the time of all the books
and to any kind of time that I've had
where I've like wanted to be off of
YouTube or like relax whatever I I
thought I've been oh maybe I could make
a gaming video but then I'm like that
would mean I'm constantly like 24/7 on
Tom so but the game is stuff I just kind
of was like just sit there don't really
do anything so that's why I'm saying I'm
not saying it's gonna happen I'm just
saying that there might be games thrown
on this channel right it's just gonna be
a kind of mash up of everything loads of
fun stuff things I can film here things
I can film wherever I am in the world
and just have fun like at the end of
they I just want to have fun with this
channel and making stuff want to make
and I want to make you guys laugh smile
happy cry I want to give you some
emotions you know is so dive sorry the
blind is down on a blind is broke we had
known his cousin staying here and we
think she broke get so it just does this
really annoying thing just oh yeah see
that's a nice background isn't it oh
that's broken oh I I not enjoy be sure
DIY videos don't say I needed a plan in
here because I'm really poor ID so yeah
there's not really much else to say
about this channel I just kind of want
it to sum it up into a kind of little
hey introduction to more markers coming
back at you with more markers no I look
like a peanut right now I legit look
like a peanut so brand I don't have a
set schedule for this channel in my head
I'd like to be thinking or uploading
content every single day but I'm not
gonna hold myself to that and I'm not
gonna announce that officially but get
it in your heads that that is what I'd
like to do so yes so yeah there will of
course be vlogs like I said there will
be fun
little videos like this but with an
actual topic or subject around there may
be some gaming stuff maybe some outtakes
and bloopers and so yeah just expect and
with him a bit more of the man himself
Maki but but I've had so many cringe
things in this video already that's
pretty much it for this coming intro
video I just wanted to make it really
quick and share with you the plans and I
want you guys to be involved as well but
if you have any thoughts suggestions
whatever leaving the comments below give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoy that
and I just punch my chin and my chin I
just punch my chin with my hand yeah I
will see you guys on this channel very
soon maybe tomorrow who knows
oh good bye
