hello hello hello what is up second
channel people how are you doing like
today I've got very very very very very
exciting to tell you about which is an
app that I'm in as a character not just
like me like as an actual animated
character I'm in a knot and is a fine
hat it's free as awesome and we'll share
it with you is so cool so that's called
celebrity street fighter and it
basically has a load of youtubers
celebrities find people sociable people
i will later be blonde that if you see
here there's me obviously this is a
little face there that is me in an act
like in an actual app and who else you
got you up I que sí allí a oh there's
loads of people I'm obviously going to
play as myself so the idea of the game
is you go through these backgrounds and
you fight will be different people you
fight a limited from celebrities and
then you are crowned champion this is my
special may be ready blue other front
flip within lamb fat bombings on one
space so I play this quite already i've
actually played opposed and completely
online phone so I'll playing this on
Naomi's phone because I want to show you
guys it from pretty much the beginning
so I'm going to play me ready and see
you guys then it is really really fun
and it's like a proper little street
fight yeah you jump out that i can jump
flip oh god oh god yeah some are some of
that some of that I swept kitchen
yuppies I do fun to get hit with a
baseball bat head ready ready ready oh
good about the pity yes yes yes yes two
ish do oh god my special babe oh my
special man I need to get to touch me
get a special menu great I'll go swish
move go go bummed out Oh
and then I just smoke them out to go
continue so you can see my fame rises on
the left so as you beat more people your
fame increases and you come on famous I
guess and you had also the tweet mention
I've had so many of you already tweeting
your screenshots playing as me but as
you can see you work your way up through
the ranks and then you can see at the
end that's a bronze belt on my phone
I've already got the bronze Bell and
then up in the top leg you've got silver
and gold so there's like quite a lot to
work through let's have another final
tally a mist around the a I'm just in
traffic hey can I get me get food
special move already but you know but
somebody is bummed out it's not that oh
he's not dead it's not how you gonna be
any minute yes and he's gone just like
that he was there you've gone just like
that health 1983 so because he hardly
hit me you get like your health bonus
the high that is the more family yet but
I'm glad show one more flight let's
seize max eldest route I'm going to keep
household yo ass Oh a probably tell if
you want to get this game by the way
it's completely free on the App Store on
all all app store so not just iphones on
android windows it's across everything
so if you want to get it off at a link
down i'm not going to point me summon
observer hi but it's in the description
so i'm gonna lose this you know I hope
grenade man Oh miss miss miss we're
gonna die we get it sorry but I'm who's
hanging out okay that's on this and
pretty much it I'm pretty much it
come on come on yeah yeah oh because
ones back go back I swear I was just
about to kill them as well I went out
and I now we're gonna rematch this okay
now I'm gonna focus i was trying i'm
blaming that on me trying to tell you
guys about download nap now i'm gonna
focus yes oh god oh go away here we go
yeah Tamar some of that Oh who's got
this special move who's got a special
move who's gonna get bummed out you're
gonna get bummed out bummed out that's
true finishing off of grand I've got the
grenade go I don't fit in well if I got
well we use that stone what's this oh
you're just killing me I should focus oh
that massive leg kick and that flexible
real life definitely yeah and as you can
see you can just work I literally stayed
in bed laying this last night for about
an hour when I should have been sleeping
i just got sukkot away and that's how i
went all the way up to be my bronson
title but yeah i hope you guys like this
game go check it out it's really fun you
don't just have to play as me cause
thank you I know then that I just got
back from traveling Indonesia so I'm
still quite jet lag all the plans with
this channel are going to be unraveled
in the next week still got a few
Indonesian blocks upload so they'll be
coming in the next few days hello it's
Nev obviously you guys are too ah
