hello what is up more Marcus people how
are you doing I am wearing a coat inside
but that is because I'm about to leave
I'm actually going off to see my first
rugby game today I'm going off to see
England verse island my first ever rugby
game like I've never been to rugby game
before and it's all part of Samsung
school of rugby so that should be a load
of fun and just before I go there
actually I'm heading off for lunch with
a viewer who won a book competition so I
don't know a few months ago we did the
Waterstones book competition and today
is the day that I'm going for logic the
winner so that's happening first
so yeah the Samsung school rugby
campaign is all about teaching people
about the sport of rugby and that is why
they are sending me after taking them to
go and watch England verse island so I
can maybe learn some more about the
sport because I know like a bit but I
don't know that much so I guess that's
why it's ideal for me to go and watch
again I didn't even know what to wear to
rugby game and because I'm going in a
box I was like oh is it gonna be all
fancy actually texts Joe because Joe
knows a lot about rugby I think he's
going today as well actually but I was
like Joe what do I wear to rugby games
he was like well whatever man doesn't
really matter so that is what I'm
wearing boots I think the camera was
just like this barsoom did I wish it was
so amusing Naomi's camera because my
camera is kind of like broken so yeah
get used to this camera might be a bit
like oh I should always to tell you as
well that and this this whole campaign
is with Jack Whitehall and also it's all
about like meeting ex Rugby Legend so
I'm gonna be meeting Jason Robinson who
I do actually know because I remember
watching the Rugby World Cup I want to
say in like 2007 I think that's the
correct date and I remember watching it
around a friend's house an old friend of
Jimmy's and there was all of us there
and I remember watching Jason Robinson
of Jonny Wilkinson and I was like yeah
I'm into rugby and then I haven't really
seen anything since that so yeah after
school I go
made it's being around the corner I'm
gonna go meet her name to Mecca look
what I went for I went for a cheeky
little um that and this I'm gonna try
and get everyone in this is the lunch
table I'm just gonna all quickly go
around and say hey to everyone hello
everybody
we also just got um some kale smoothies
and look at this this is the little
stirrer and we're draw a thresher on I
don't think it's gonna focus not gonna
focus that's great but that's a giraffe
stirrer so that was pretty cool yeah
we're all gonna eat our food now never
know if this camera is focused like that
anyway just finished lunch really
breakfast it was more broke that's
really really nice actually really fun
hanging out with those two girls how
also we around the table talking I said
earlier we are in the car I'm gonna say
we I'm here with Josh hey Josh much now
and we were both the same and none of us
have been to rugby game before I just
had a thought actually we probably
played rugby Taylor at school didn't
mind yeah I think we talked so Justin
and I were in IB thalaiva recently and
we were talking about it we were in a
rugby game together where some kid we
were at school where this really toolkit
I ran past him when I play a bit and he
kicked my legs and my collarbone is
meant straight into the ground and josh
is playing with me in the game oh yeah
we're off for the match and I feel like
Josh knows a lot more about rugby than
me
I just been reading up on it
nobody knows I was going down I wouldn't
say we're very polished on the sport
itself
so I think it's quite a nice that we are
going to go here and learn like you know
learn what a proper tackle is or learn
the actual rules of the game rather than
just try or what about I was gonna say a
dropkick name and that's what mr. cool
was it cool where they drop right it's
called a dropkick isn't it okay sounds
like some wrestling move now
they dropped where the ball hits the
floor and then you kick it a half kick
kick
we're gonna know we're gonna learn all
this stuff in a minute way if the match
now there is the first sign of this
makes me so happy I can do this on this
camera guys might have a lot su Ming
shots today just pre-warning here there
is this is what a rugby ticket looks
like people case you're wondering got
some funky fish over there you don't
really want to go into
two games the Sun was a great place on
show today and we're speaking before we
don't really think it's going to be a
high-scoring game there's talks at this
market friendly game there's no such
song of the game it's so exciting
they were just like that it's literally
just erection about this then Josh
today the words Josh
since tough time was it 12 3 yeah yeah
frickin awesome
literally enjoy there we go boys
round 2 12 3 it's called predictions job
six-six
during the holidays
a
was possible
how good is that it's weird isn't it ah
what an experience that was just
watching the rugby in general did you do
it yeah we were saying because I've
probably said this hundred times but it
was our first rugby game and it's just
something that like I don't know we felt
anyone could watch it's not the people
there you know you have families they
have old young and also all the
supporters so whereas like other sports
waters have their own sections where
they're out sit and rugby they all just
sit around so like England fans mixing
with Irish fans and everyone's like just
happy and having a good time so we was
named we're definitely gonna try and go
back to a game with the rest of our
group of friends because just a good fun
day out right I don't know why film
knows just getting into like yeah it did
litter as that was going but I know it's
really really awesome now by Josh mate
yeah there she is
yeah because I can do that slow okay
I've been doing that all day these guys
probably like motion sick from that look
what I've got no awesome hair that's
really cool I love that wave I've got
waiting here named Bob what they got
roasted potatoes and roasted parsnips
and carrots what a legend
me and Al and a dying girl is what we
are gonna go and see mm-hmm I know you
can't see me very well at all but we're
off to the cinema our moves they're
acting you definitely can you see they
probably can't see marquee but that
beanie look yes my monkey bought my
beanie as what's happening
oh hello that hi guys
look at this ending a vlog in bed feels
like I'm dative loggin again ye may be
coming to me and a dying girl I think
that's what was called and it was
incredible like absolutely incredible
and a little bit sad just love is that
so I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video I have enjoyed it a lot if you
want to check out the Samsung school of
rugby links I'll leave them in the
description box
hello yeah I'm gonna go so I will see
you guys very very soon
goodbye that sounded like Joey Graceffa
bye
