no worries about that no worries about
that one right there I don't you know
that went into here just have a look
before we get on the plane
we got dire that today so we're in
London City Airport happening before the
other book I was looking up there didn't
have it I have actually just bought this
book the rules of life from the
international bestseller according to le
you can become an international
bestseller with two countries number one
in two countries oh she has a face of
worry isn't that that's correct
is that true so you know anything to see
international bestseller in there I saw
books in like hundred countries and gets
you've got to number one but apparently
you can get that from being number one
in two different countries yeah pretty
cool I mean this might become an
international bestseller yellow do you
have been asking where you can get the
paperback versions
it is just an airport setting so
traveling
looks me really funny once I was no game
but we're going to Dublin today yeah
we're in the so much States it's
fantastic and here we are in Dublin Ella
time for you next accent there we go
we've just hit Dublin and it's looking
beautiful today the sun's out absolutely
garden Alex my name's Marcus Marcus
that's as far as my my Irish guys but
yeah we're just grabbing some lunch
oh it's summer now any since I don't
think I've actually brought anything
since being a little we've only need to
visit I even mutt around the corner
better turn that we've done loads of
traffic so we're the sand traffic and
then simply be now you know straight
science is like finish sign it just
nothing give you so I didn't you think
about video Mike yeah now we are
starting signing with this detox likely
therefore we apparently remained of
course
down the escalator we know you nearly
had a little fool there Tony didn't you
you had a little slip slippery on the
oddest escalator oh it's a big old stool
to do - dude you - oh it's not just book
city's stationary Neverland there we are
East sons go down again Oh is he in a
before Oh made it smoothly then
sorry utila directions and wherever we
go
oh wow
I finished this is I don't know what was
rug doors and I had my camera to someone
else and it was actually Ella so there's
rubbish clips it's all letters fault
thank you but yeah this is wreck was it
went really well and now we are gonna
refer to I can see if you cooled out
there so we're gonna book them and show
you them a to do back in the room I have
changed
well just took my shirt off the coolest
stuff oh and another no one just what
I'm now thank you
yeah some reason there was like this
whole crew that gave me all these
inflatables so thank guys I went round
hitting people and had the bath sugar
hits on that now you should try hair and
lettuce
just sketch look at this
someone made this for know me and Tanya
it was like look at that handmade bag
that's knowing me that's insane
there was so much Irish related stuff
letters flags like so much stuff you
guys are insane and as always mr. Niall
hey old buddy how you done hmm no look
it's about six there but nonetheless
that's cool
anyway yeah we'll be sent back to the
publishers and I will go through
everything pop you there
like I say always but yeah just an issue
wondering that's happening all that
that's the kind of drunk you would want
to miss with her name turn that boat
sounds
over a bit of bread this bread comes out
about this being soda bread
probably doesn't even sound that funny
now so some bread basically
