morning guys it's no even see kram it's
good to sex and I'm off the guarded I
don't know why I've got so much energy
cloud about 50 SI ella Duke artifacts an
what was that Welsh very wet else just
pose all these accents are nowhere we
have entered Wales and we're just
stopping his services good quick waiting
nearly died on over here like genuine a
we were in the middle lane I was massive
glory in the left hand and this Lori
Oliver son decided to pull out literally
he did put out our van swerved right and
there was a cause of the right size
Vince were insulated slam on the brakes
does anyone actually ever play these
things in service stations I get hit if
you hit the pier but really or these
also no one has ever won anything in
that have it but it's not lie to anyone
now also the bus were in today has an
unbelievable amount of swag this is what
it looks like from the outside how
swaggalicious is this wait till you get
inside all right you're a little bus
tour going on pulled it open all right
there's Marco driver at marco i am then
we come in look at this it's a little
bit messy because we've obviously been
traveling for about two hours so far but
you got seats and these seats recline
all the way back so I've been sitting
back here its TVs in here there's an
Xbox up here and they're like full-on
recline seats and the bus look what hall
bath fill out my band of them then your
curtains to keep the Sun out and all the
paps put the whole got your own little
light it's pretty nutty prenup
then don't impress me much body parts
coming into carbon Alex moves all the
way i'm just scared like iming across
few hundred of my books to get the shot
so American Beauty see the thing is it's
gonna have to be so do you get me in it
the music is so perfect on the door this
thing is worth it's not my dinner
yo Brody got my fresh crepes on that and
converse actually sent these to me it's
their new their new shoe I guess um but
I absolutely love them so thanks 10 min
twice and now we're yeah my all they
make the squeaky noise on this book
start doing some cripple town page we go
alright crew right Alex I did how does
got told ads actually you're told to
talk to the blog you know talk to the
drug addicts interesting to say hell are
you gonna talk to the road you always
have playing interesting these guys
don't stop talking when the cameras off
and as soon as the cameras on me yeah
giggling and we didn't leave it radio
hmm so did I
I soon guys
t-top finished there was actually that's
the biggest one was there 550 525 they
capped at 500 but we let an extra 25
people in because we thought man why not
oh look this is the stuff you guys got
again so you got one box to box three
walks four walks five boxes of stuff and
some of it is awesome also got whale to
black I'm reckoning my pocket singing a
picture of that and so yeah thanks for
coming in today and yeah that's about it
oh wait how are we going to do is get
the win I need your phone oh yeah I'm
plugin we r NR a-- you know james toney
insane van well on team all right guys
we're all very bright we're about to get
here that's it Barney loads of you just
out here here and see if I can
can you say that
comment tu papa
now Wow hey I feel bit like the Queen
just waving at people hi no there's
parents waving at me hello that goodbye
card if you mean lovely these guys are
literally just chased the violet through
hi so funny good don't die anyone be
careful this is Richard said hey
