good morning people feeling a nice and
fresh this morning
have a good night's sleep I don't feel
that if anymore and had a workout
session so I had a proper proper workout
session this morning which was awesome
to get back into the Sweeney's because
obviously when you're away and they
can't see me when you're away you
struggle to do these types of things
especially when it's very full-on I've
took all my stuff with me and we were
staying in place with gyms but the only
time if I had a spare minute working out
was like the last thing I could even
begin to think about there which is
weird coming from me because obviously
you guys know I like to work out I like
to work out uh-huh
but even though today is a down day so
that's where you call them when you're a
micro tour you have down days which is
your days off essentially mine isn't
because we've just got a load of media
stuff today so we're leaving now why I'm
leaving now there's no one else here
with me no beers guilt wilderness
festival I'm joining her tomorrow after
my signing in blue water to be there
today I'm filming
doing Radio 2 which is really really
awesome I'm Steve Wright I'm doing some
TV stuff
and something else another radio thing
up there she cleared Amami snap laughter
right Oh
I'm in a weird mirror very weird just
way in for good old Ella brood that was
radio - and mr. good old Steve Wright I
wasn't allowed to film in that I was
cool because that Ella can you film me
and then they were like oh you need a
permit to film in the building because
they don't own it so I was like ah won't
be doing that then but it went really
well I'll let you guys know when it
comes out so it's pretty reported
because they don't come in for a date
yet but yeah now we are grabbing some
lunch we're gonna go walk onto pod which
is what I'm in charge of fighting right
now you guys know pasta with my food
choices and then we are going to do some
TV stuff so here I am I've been killed
I'm allowed to film in here I'm in this
crazy huge TV studio where essentially
all the morning stuff is filmed I said
I'm gonna be on this sofa on Friday the
14th I think it is so I'm gonna be set
somewhere around there look how lovely
it is look at how crazy their production
is first my little production screens up
here and the reason I'm here is to doing
some promo stuff so we're gonna be
making like this fun kind of promo video
that they're playing out across the the
TV I think leading up to me being on
there on Friday
it's not so Humber's though like one day
we can have a studio at this
you gave it tighter and I'm gonna be a
new TV
so join me on good morning Britain on
Friday by the way
starting on the small end yeah
nope it feather in that's fine then give
it a push from there but you're looking
at camera and join me to go out there
let me see almost coming
diagonally across as it did before that
rod accent
yeah
Miney so that was really cool I don't
know what you saw because Ella was in
charge right
Alec by the way people thought people
have been saying in the comments that
have they thought you were lovely for
going out and talking to people when
they were curious to the worktop so the
people that came I think it was where
was it was it was the new cat people
needs wherever it is that has gone out
and chats they've even in the queue to
check that they're like happy they don't
mean a thing and they they have
appreciated that and they're going to
the blogs but yet so what I'm saying is
I don't know what was just film because
Ella was in charge of my camera and she
went a bit film happy and I think she
got about 50 clips of me standing in our
studio room which is great of course but
maybe a little bit much so hence I might
tell her that did in fact anyway we're
off to the final thing of the day now
which is kids fun which is radio and I
think I'm paying in a FIFA with someone
as well so
oh that sounds fun to me on earth is
this bizarre concoction that appears to
be a green juice as soon as you walk in
the door I'm having a go minutes then
with micro braids tokens are going it
and this is a very bizarre it means wait
I need to sin I'm just gonna be possible
end
my hair is doing all kinds of weird
things
wow I just popped out for a really quick
dinner with mum and my sister - which
was nice just had a man in remote camera
vlog camera really really weird as well
I bumped into an old friend called Toby
who was on this YouTube Nextup thing
with me when I won it I haven't seen him
in like four years and bumped into him
and white mom and I was like hey and
then we just like chatted for a bit
really random but really cool to see him
and yeah I have now come home and I'm
packing for both Bluewater tomorrow
because next tour is Bluewater
completely sold out so it's gonna be
mental there and it's straight blue
order I'm going to go meet Naomi at
wilderness festival where she is so I
have to pack all my stuff for a festival
as well and I definitely do not have the
energy to go to a festival the things I
do for an embalm but she did she's made
a list of me she left this here this
morning and it's only stuff I need to
take with me so email print out swimming
shorts yo you were running things
portable phone chargers snacks pajamas
flip-flops sunglasses rucksack
toothbrush toothpaste 'hide remote
camera memory cards cash ID jumper how
key is the hand I'm going through taking
things off my big bag or really showing
this back this is an absolutely gorgeous
bag by the way absolutely it's so nice
and everyone comments on how nice is
from an Aspinall and these guys gifted
it to me so thank you very very much
guys I very I'm very very tough for that
bag very happy with that but yeah most
my stuff's packed in terms of clothes
then I'm also opening this up just got
few snacks taking a few pulsing bars
they're chucking them in the snap
Department we want my speaker sunglasses
headphones and then a thing
am I gonna take this as well I think I'm
probably gonna take this as well but oh
is this gonna be following me I'll text
name you know mm should I bring my
laptop because we're going to festival
because they invited Naomi it's like we
have a like a really nice place we're
staying and I have no idea what is I
probably should talk about it because
I'll probably get the facts wrong but I
know it's not like a normal vessel where
you go and say any normal tense so yeah
I don't mean on the pack I guys that has
been done packed ready for book tour
festivals yeah all right I am gonna go
to bed now
I'm gonna end up getting about seven
hours sleep so yeah could be worse could
be better but yeah I hope you guys have
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
to give it a thumbs up and I will see
you guys tomorrow
yo adios love you guys bye
