good morning morning leave you I can't
do it my shirt feels a bit funny I'm
trying to do a poly an accent yeah hey
you're late to meet me it can be Timmy
meet up I'm so excited to meet up we're
just gonna go don't get some brekkie
that's probably offending every single
person I know so apologies for that but
yeah good morning guys I just had a
shower mate got ready and now we're
gonna go to break it yeah here we go
oh bit of Liverpool lifestyle bit of
dirty water oh my god what that looks
very people stirring cigarette butts in
there it's not very environmentally
friendly to people but yeah this is
where we were standing so you just
finished breakfast and thought we'd come
walk around the old dock yeah to say
yeah I walked around a document book
I've been there and done that so yeah
this is a this is what we're doing this
morning that is a small boat right there
that is tiny that is actually ridiculous
this is a cruise ship I've been on to
prison I was younger
it's just a little bit big isn't it it's
ridiculous
it's so crazy like you know seriously
how do you drive that but how do you
actually move that in the water who's
like you know what yeah let's let's make
it right yeah do you have computers or
is there just one get on the site yes
it's big tone leading the way I think
we're just gonna go wave to people and
say hey and this is where the signings
happening around there I'm just gonna be
cool
oh yeah definitely have some music round
there oh there's people out there we go
Wow
okay so many people hey this is a me
first person who is coming without any
shoes on which is amazing but thanks for
coming
last two people hey Meowth finished
Louisville done that's number seven how
13 now so just half way just over half
way now I feel like the stuff you guys
bring it's getting more insane each
Meetup
but seriously this was this is a lot are
you ready yeah there's actually like I
don't even know how much stuff there is
here
Oh balloons look at this there's like
congratulations bestseller that is
amazing all this stuff here so many
posters artwork all under this oh yeah
another balloon another congratuations
balloon look at that genuinely look at
all that stuff I can't quite go over
that so yeah same process as always I
say every vote in case someone watches
and they haven't seen the others all
this stuff will get sent back to the
publishers because we're on the road so
we obviously can't take all this and
then I'll spend the whole day going
through it so yeah if you came thanks
we're Birmingham we had like such a
quick turnaround to sign all the books
and stuff because traffic was terrible
so yeah now we're in Bamiyan now we're
in a bit
hi everyone it really social social
people so now we are going to stop being
great and yeah look what was in it same
you guys killed it so thank you and now
let's go see what Birmingham how did you
do that
yeah there we go if you've ever wondered
what it's like being in an in a clothes
store this is it
hello hello that's so awesome
this must opens mic on film sets when
they close them at night and people
commend me filming them what's got my
pack of tissues here haven't I there's
onslaught he knows great
last person hey what's your name
thank you for coming out BRR surrounding
the hotel this is such an awesome I love
it but the reason I won about here is
because we're staying where we are
Berman is the same hotel we stayed at
for amity fest so like it's bringing out
all the memories of when we were waiting
here
morning everyone everyone was really
waiting around the tables lost their
element acne
there's a Starbucks there that me and
Casper and Joe drinks from oh no not
jokes Joe isn't here but yeah it's
bringing back all the memories I filmed
a video Casper when we were here yeah
loads and best memories how good does
this food look guys we have come to gbk
I've got a naked chicken boat I got
chicken avocado got some corn got some
sweet potato fries coming as well yeah
this lovely little area being Yemen
being a condo at all dude do your steel
thing Ella your accent your bone but
don't just say boney have this sentence
like you did earlier
pressures on yep that is correct
what do you think of that tone stroll
now do this though you're late odds on
odds on to jump in lovely lovely lovely
lovely I wonder how many people have a
weird now in their drunk ah all right
guys I haven't seen your hotel room have
I it's just hotel room - hotel room
right now you know I'm just I'm just
like a rockstar yo they myelitis cringe
obviously obviously I'm joking lovely I
can turn the lights on from here yeah
didn't really want that one on alright
might as well just to be a quick tour
this is my ginormous bed room look how
big this is
I have n an exact other double bed over
there it looks like that should be a
mirror but it's not and he goes all the
way over there don't you love it that's
better
I do love when there is another bed in a
hotel room because you can use that for
your bag and all your clothes and laying
everything out that gives me
happiness you know we're a really small
hotel room and it's like mmm I'm here
for like a night and I don't really want
to unpack all of my stuff so you just
like kind of use the floor but oh blue
in bed now I've and I anyway today has
been Ludacris it's been pretty mental I
must must confess meet meet met 850 of
you today just today
that's insane Liverpool was completely
sold out
Milton King at Birmingham was about 350
I think tomorrow's Milton Keynes and
then Bluewater is on Saturday which
again I think is blue all's completely
sold out so yeah it's this is this is
nuts and insane and thank you for you
guys coming
I know Sonia types any of you guys who
watched this video that actually coming
to the event but if you have gone out
and bought the book that is incredible
as well so yeah if you guys are buying
the book still amazing I would love to
know what you think of it leave your
thoughts in the comments about the book
I've been reading all the reviews on
Amazon on it so I'm really really really
really loving doing that and any of you
American people are asking about the
book it is coming out November the 10th
I think when I remember the 11th
officially I'll leave the links down
there for all the pre-orders for the
official American version so yeah that's
exciting as well I'll be doing an
American totally but yeah I'm gonna get
some sleep so I will see you beautiful
people tomorrow
Olivia enjoyed it all right love you
guys
