hi guys can fly this off I'm serious I
found these notes this video it was to
my cough oh so fun yeah love that home
done in a while to be fair are you
sometimes film whole videos realize the
mics off so yeah hello beautiful sexy
people welcome to a video
welcome to Kaiser Sultan in Germany
which is where I'm filming us from I'm
currently in Stephanie's stuffy in her
dressing room
so maybe the acoustic sound great maybe
they don't what's that so forth
I would yes I've got good back camera
man honestly okay love clothes now it's
beautiful too many bugs too many wasps
the amount of time has run away from
what this trip bat can do if you come
back that wasn't as a flight I wouldn't
backhand a wasp would be way too scared
anyway today's video welcome is going to
be celebrity in awkward interviews or
just awkward entities but mainly
celebrities I think combination of just
really awkward things so yeah they've
got my head spinning so already started
filming it thinking I was recording but
guess what I wasn't cool you're you know
probably as close a friend to Justin
Bieber as they come
something about him that we don't get
another lizard and there's one story
after another of course she is from one
hour here in a few havior is there
cheesy but we get about him or what is
it that he's not getting oh my god out
there the cafes and it just comes out
the thing with these interviews right
based on personal experiences when you
go for an interview when you have an
interview wherever you're going whatever
operation that is they usually brief
your you and your team or whatever on
the questions that are going to be asked
what's going to be said what's going to
be talked about and you or your team
whatever has the opportunity to be like
all we don't want about that we would
rather talk about this and so forth so
when you go on these shows you kind of
know what you're expected to be talk to
talk to talk to use know your expect to
be asked you can prepare yourself that
but journalists or reporters whatever
always always love to just throw things
in there out the unexpected to throw you
off and get a response like that are two
things that you just you don't want to
be asked so I actually feel sorry for a
lot of these people that we're gonna be
going
in situations run over hand down of this
box Genesis is so little good yeah it is
and it's so nice it has a dress and I
lovely and look she doesn't know
anything I just wanted to show the legs
because as I was telling you ahead of
time you're going to walk home with more
than maybe just a trophy tonight I think
lots of men I'm not going to walk home
with any men sure I'm gonna go hang out
with my friends and then I go home for
the cat I mean high response incredible
how she paid that so chill props her but
the first second she lost her well I
then maybe doesn't know anything like
them in their face her face is literally
I am going to kill you and bite
your nose off one two three four five
new shows Allah know and those new shows
a total Tony I'm telling I just realize
because I'm here in the new show in a
background now you always think that
you're doing those good old I mean he
obviously doesn't know he's live right
now just tell him just to say like
10-year life don't let him carry on and
embarrass himself running shows but this
is one of those new shows himself is
crazy I don't want to do this Tony we're
in the part of the local new and she
found it funny you gave it up right I
did so they didn't cancel you you can't
fool them you're not aware of this no
I'm asking you think I got canceled are
you under the impression I've heard John
Kerry I thought that was pretty well
documented this is the show this little
thing and almost shows go down a little
most people do also you but oh it's a
sofa yeah no I went off there I was the
number one show on television Larry
seventy five million viewers last
episode were you tones Harriet is bad
well that's the big difference between
being cancelled and being number one
okay I'm sorry
oh he really wants a punch him so bad
doesn't he Oh Jerry Seinfeld those
clovers may be movie opens he's kind of
laughing I like your truck my inside
some shock value to you I mean you're on
the come out your but you're wearing a
fur and you knew that there probably
animal rights act it out this whole
interview is becoming a defensive
interview are you wearing leather shoes
oh you're eating chicken you are eating
meat I don't want to hear this now oh
come to me with a paper belt and I'll
talk to you I mean I don't know the
context of this like if she is Joan
Rivers has talks about loving animals
wearing a fur coat I don't know context
but still quite entertaining I love
that's what I love when they shut the
reporters down they just throw something
back down their throat mellow hmm I'm so
sorry you know I'm going I really am
going because all you have done is
negative of course I will miss I'm on
negative I haven't heard net I made
people at public say she's lying put on
earth to make people laugh very
traumatic episode of your sister we've
covered it a lot here as many New York
news organizations have you should know
that the people of Australia in our show
were very empathetic about what happened
and very sort of horrified and so will
one that's about Kim being everyone
going how's Kim doing what okay oh I'm
sorry this I'm talking to you yes sorry
so I just want to need to run you in ah
see look at his smile he's like always
so sympathetic like please tell us so we
can get more people to watch our Channel
he actually doesn't give a till he
look at him hello Courtney of you have
we lost it Oh are they really annoy me
I'm sorry all right it looks like
Courtney doesn't really want to go there
waiting me I think she's totally blank
utterly a PR person they're saying you
know don't talk about it but this you
can just say is just this fine nice
annoys me someone I'm not even a fat lot
more fan of actions but like don't be a
dick basically your anger and your hate
I think is coming this is
one of the most n sayings to watch but I
feel like also one of the saddest things
to watch at the same time that makes
sense
it's crazy into everything I'm with
Charlie Sheen but it's also very sad to
see what happened to to this person my
passion okay your passion is coming off
as erratic right people did you borrow
my brain for five seconds and just be
like dude can't handle it unplug this
bastard yeah but I'm saying that you're
bipolar
I'm by winning I went here and I win
there Alan is the biggest main movement
I'm winning you know just to just a she
I mean he says I'll is unknown but
occasionally of you know a giant the
best or on your college rice are we
talking about how much I don't know
anyone think she looks like Donna from
base myself you don't worry that you're
gonna die when you take that many
science rules
I wonder if he may have talked about
since I wonder he regrets I feel like
he's now come out of this right and he's
acting in things again I wonder if he
regrets this or other man idea what you
want to Marvel the Superbowl commercial
did you get a lot of reaction that Super
Bowl commercial oh you know what I
didn't - say I give anyone hey you're
you're as crazy as the people on Twitter
I'm not Laurence Fishburne that's my
fault I don't know you know what we
don't all look alike
plus you're already all black and famous
you are you i am i guilty own guilty
thought you were bob dylan right you're
the entertainment report i know i'm an
attainment reporter for this baby's life
you don't know the difference between my
mind i think i so really I think me a
very short line for your job look Joe I
love those how Samuel Jackson is just
killing him it like fair enough
obviously but he's Oh what did let's
talk about Robocop
oh really oh my I apologize
by the other guy but I'm the other guy
the other one
what's in your wallet right oh the more
than one black guy doing a commercial
what's in your wallet black guy okay
here's the card black guy there it is
Morgan Freeman is the other credit card
the Sunnah Jackson Tate Harrison G and
he's just uh two robocopy I'm the
heavyweight black so for he's like
Robocop and that's not I'm not done yet
I'm not done killing you because
obviously a great cast this director
does have some extraordinary credits you
know who they all are though just in
case they have some of those might work
I won't make the same response audience
amazing is only Kristen I am thinking on
this program of doing the news
completely full frontal completely nude
do you recommend that do you have advice
for going nude well um do I have advice
for going boys he'll know it well you do
it in the film right okay not this movie
oh you're not nude in this film you're
newton another movie oh I'm in he takes
place on Mars just the lottery you rev
up you win the lottery
hey aren't your Muppets in this one says
another movie Oh
welcome to me good I mean it's quite
funny at least everyone's laughing but
that's why I got five Emmy Awards he has
got the physical resulted as a matter of
fact in brown assaulting his wife with a
lead pipe and firing a gun at a car that
she was in he joins us for from Atlanta
to discuss the charges and we welcome
you James Brown talk about the music you
want to talk about music and you don't
want to talk about what happened no it's
all over
well let's talk about your tour when are
you leaving we leave it tomorrow and
where are you going really Rio de
Janeiro and sound Paul your fans will
have read all about this James aren't
you concerned about that Yoda
Cataloochee no nagas job I'll go sign
you up
he's good doctor should like you just
speak Spanish then say thanks in German
and what are you going to say to your
fans when they ask you some questions
about it I'm gonna say I feel good I've
got a brand new bag it's a mad world
well that's the second time we've heard
that in two days that's raging now don't
leave us change you stay right there oh
never mind we have to talk about well
tell us a little bit about what time are
we dead or oh nice what are you going to
be doing on this tour I'm going to be
doing Papa's got a brand new bag living
in America sex machine get up off of
that Fang I feel good
yeah now I understand that you aren't
already anyone seriously here I
understand you already have started
divorce proceedings does that mean that
you're now eligible ah no yes I'm
swinger I wanna mingle you want to
mingle yeah now the women love you get
out there why do you think that is what
is that the women love you and you get
out there why is that ladies oh well I'm
asking you huh
does that easy get it you look real good
yeah oh good
and you sing good and make love good oh
oh yeah oh yeah there we are we don't
have a else we got back from the
now you're pushing a gospel magazine
talk a little bit about that Ted why
yeah James we want to thank you for
having for being with us today yeah oh
my god yeah I'm sorry it's just too
awkward to continue watching sorry God
Wow Wow
that is looking at some very awkward
celebrity interviews if you guys like it
I'm sure there are many more that we can
look at and watch together so let me
know if you enjoyed those subscribe if
your new channel is growing right now so
thank you if you found the channel and
you're enjoying the videos make sure to
give it a thumbs up and I will see you
tomorrow even on videos upload daily see
them fight
