they're asleep welcome to Leeds good
morning
Leeds today that was really quick to get
here on the train from London two hours
just under just over and I think it's
pretty much go go
I would say I don't know husband but I
haven't school through the day that got
better now it's just in my nose and head
which is really not what what you want
when you do meet up is that it's not
ideal really but yeah we're going
straight to the venue who needs water so
today the insight names
stock up on flu remedy so we're just
checking out the layout for the sign in
its round here so I come through here
it's all section up and all the people
are gonna be like just here and I was
just saying how bizarre it is this is
the first property in store one and I'll
ask the guys at what things I was like
do you like to Pete is this open for
people like can anyone just wander in
and buy book mail like this floor shot
for this so the whole looks closed off
for this signing so there's gonna be
give you cure all around here they've
like make shifted the queues tables and
stuff and books it's very handy so you
guys can pick up all be up the hairy
BOTS but read that and we get Audrey to
that so we just got some lunch they went
to this place called nourish and it
actually looks really awesome I got bait
sweet potato of like chili beans on it
and stuff and I've got a little protein
pot here as well who also got this juice
so I said to Alex in the finals like the
greenest thing to help like immune build
and all that stuff now you guys know I
love my juices and green juices this
juice is on another level I've never
experienced anything like this let me
tell you ingredients wheatgrass maca
MCS goji berries spirulina ginger
blueberries and raspberries that's the
color of it no word of a lie it tastes
like you're drinking straight from the
ground which is probably going to be
great for me but I can't handle it I
genuinely I'm gonna show you my rap
trend make
it's sick okay nice straight from the
ground so the other guys are back now
I don't told LF she has to have a sip of
it okay her day that's why I like green
juices but that is a whole been right
Alex is up next
you don't have a proper set don't smell
it you actually have to have a proper
set promise it and it goes and it goes
any guys come on
they good sit what do you think
all right ed sheeran is going on
thank you okay Wow
first persons coming around first person
first person somewhere there they are
what's up guys those people I do
say hey to the vlog look at these guys
they got the custom-made like head bags
on them thanks guys
we are finished I think the need is the
most amount of stuff leprosy five boxes
insane one box here with some of this
stuff and then over here one two three
four five six six it's literally insane
so if you came thank you very much as
always I said that gets sent out to
publishers and I'll go through it when
we're back off talk by God Larry bye
there's a classic monument from Leeds
that I'm not gonna be able to actually
see again I think I've breathed in Leeds
for about three and a half minutes
approximately if that's what you'd like
to call being outside and breathing in
the Leeds air but nonetheless on to
Liverpool now is about to Irish drives
they went that so it impose the next
star ah
Liverpool here on this is my hotel room
I'll show you later set up to do that
last time and I forgot but I will this
is it quickly but I'll give you a quick
tour later because we're meeting for
dinner in a sec but we just wanted to
show you you guys in on some news that I
found out about two hours ago by didn't
Brooks I had to Ed M I just kind of felt
the rock but I have just found out that
my book is officially the Sunday Times
number one bestseller
just given give you a minute to think
about if you don't know why is that's
kind of like the best recognition you
could get for a book in a charts in the
whole of the UK and hello life has done
that that is my book or book my book
what's mine is yours you guys have made
it possible you you the people that have
gone out and bought this book you're the
people that come to signings it is up
there because of you so I'm doing
honestly I was not expecting this at all
and I'm incredibly blown away and I'm so
thankful so thanks so much if you have
bought the book amazing
everyone about saying how amazing it is
but truly tanks like massively big comes
up to you guys and now I think we're
gonna go celebrate and have some dinner
my going smoothly guys very hot and I'm
drinking out what was laughing water
what a wild night for a celebration of
getting number one best book seller I
mean what was here not in the bath of me
she is I'm gonna turn this camera very
carefully well on the edge we've been no
you're not don't you worry about that
but we have been having I get ready with
me in the bar I've been giving my me a
exclusive get ready with me with the old
mount me Saul figure moment body
cleanser did a lovely routine on that
and now my skin is very oily and very
hot I'm the kind of person that gets
involved like 10 minutes I'm like yes
the best thing ever and I'm like okay
I'm boiling let me get out forgot to
give you guys a tour than my bed as you
can see wardrobe space never tell my
lighten so we can there hope it's down
in here we go there we go right hotel
room tour I know you guys like these
things bed desk area luggage cabin ahead
mirror bathroom bottoms that you're
pretty cool so you coming here yeah you
got fun to go purple light that's why
I'm your bath you scrub-a-dub-dub and
look at this this is a bit of a strange
thing your shower there yeah you got
toilet down there
yeah I want a mirror in case you wanna
move yourself a shower a piss so that's
great so yeah there you go tour done
delivery now that is a rock-solid bed
you know when you're getting a bed in
your life oh yeah already suffering then
you're like you pretty much lying on the
wooden table anyway guys I'm gonna go to
bed I feel I think I felt like the bear
just tied it up with Bunga that's what
it ain't complaining I'm just saying
anyway today is a very very strange day
number one we are number one
best-selling book
hello life there you go there's nuts
all right love you guys thanks for
spoiling as always I really truly
appreciate ya don't see you guys
tomorrow for Liverpool Babic is bad
