right
brighten morning people I'm here in my
hometown and it's sunny and there's
people on the beach over there hi this
is inside the venue this is the Concorde
- I basically used to have loads of
parties here when I was young not those
are points that we used to come here
like when I was like eight people had
the eighteenth birthday party used to
fire this thing around I saw some gig
here I saw that's what - she's Friday at
one time it's pretty cool place though
so yeah it's pretty dark we're gonna
turn the lights on and stuff and then it
goes down here so people are gonna be
queuing down there and then come through
in here I've got a sign on the books in
a minute and then this is where they
come out - do they do looks like a
dominoes are lined up from this angle it
looks like if I push yet they'll all
just go imagine how annoyed that bit
that did that happened and they all went
down after someone spent the time
opening it we have signings about to
gain I might actually film something
something's I've failed to sign every
other one so far hope to film every
other side and take part so yeah look
he's turned up twins in disguise twins
from the cool family funny they're like
matching as well
so those mom and Auntie low-level have
turned up today we're at halfway through
and this is going too far
I don't know where the books gone but
we're getting through this so we've got
to stop me up I'm just gonna come out
and say hey the people in the queue then
here's all the books all the sign books
I think so these guys get hand them folk
not sign there here you go it hand that
walked through there
it looks really dark and then we have a
bit - through there wow that goes back
really far Hey I just wanted to come and
say hey to everyone in the queue hi
I'll see you guys in a minute I'll see
you guys in a minute we're starting now
Hey that's good
how are you guys you're right nice to
meet you guys you guys the first how you
thanks do you guys mind being on the
road no you have your own channel what's
your channel there you go guys
you heard it from her go check the
channel hey last person what's your name
nice to meet you Hanna last person don't
run in the road
walk outside say hello yeah see because
I'm so glad writer you are amazing
that was so much fun I think there was
about 400 of you in total give or take a
few and now we've jumped in the car and
we're grabbing some food really really
quickly because then we've got to go
straight up to my other signing today
basically starak I haven't even heard of
thorak for get old thorak a weird name
you sensoric Eric authority Authority
Terry Clark sounds you trying to say
sorry with the list was but yeah we're
heading up there and we are gonna go buy
food in it because I recommended it
because it's amazing as you guys know if
you remember watch my bright plugs look
it's such a nice day and bright I wish
we could stand bright for the whole day
go on the pier
here we offere delay let's go food yeah
this food looks so good I went for
salmon and had salmon here before
superfood alike salad sweet potato
already good stuff I've got everyone on
the tour this is Ella by the way she's
from a headline I've got everyone on the
tour on a health do you feel like you're
instantly healthy Ana
yeah just like just vlogging in the road
but throw back that subway we didn't eat
there grab a drink but that is the first
subway here we are at the next stop in a
good old thorak and we are continuing
the sign in without probably halfway
through sign books hope Aaron trolley
unsigned ones here usual process sliding
them along sliding them along sign them
and on going pretty well
this is so on branch right now guys I
don't we just walk parts we're walking
out to me up now but I just walk past
outside I have to film it there we go
crazy
first person and it's like customized as
well what's your name nice to meet you
this lovely girl came away from Spain
just to be here hey what's your name and
her friend there hey last person I do
yeah good thank you
signing in syrup finished
I always forget the name this place
thora thorak lakeside in Thoreau
hey this is with a gift receipt there's
chair I just walked into these probably
gifts received from today I can't
actually a genuine can't get over this
the amount of stuff you guys bring it's
actually insane like genuinely icon I
don't know it just surprises me there's
all sorts different stuff from cushions
to frames drawings to pictures to food
to letters probably said letters now
seven times but and yeah as I've told
you guys before the process is obviously
because we're on the road and stuff we
can't take all that with us so that's
all the stuff here and sent back to the
publishers where then I'm gonna go back
when the tour's finished and I'll have
all the stuff in a room I'll be able to
go through everything properly and read
it and have a whole day of going for
everything and so yeah thank you for
your stuff guys
right I'm in bed man
today has been incredible but also
absolutely shattering today was the
first time I did two signings in one day
Brighton and thorough and both you were
mental nuts it was so much fun
and I'm absolutely loving these book
tours I know it probably doesn't sound
it from my enthusiasm right now but
that's just time that's kicking in but
genuinely I'm seeing like you guys who
watch my videos seeing how happy some
you are when we meet each other it's
just I don't know just makes me really
it really really happy
it's really awesome to see genuinely all
my cameras also flash flashing battery
is 22 12 I really need some sleep London
sidings tomorrow got leave at half eight
for that so I need some sleep I also
need to edit like three blogs I'm just
so tired like I haven't had a single
minute to do this and then trying to not
know me as also in Brighton so she's on
her way back now she's getting a bash at
like half twelve she texted me saying so
she's gonna have a late one hmm I love
you guys sums up the video enjoy that
and I'll see you tomorrow good bye
