good morning Newcastle and more Marcus
people hayden loads of reading the vote
comments yesterday or whenever when my
hair is down and everyone's oh oh my god
you heard them soon oh so cool it's so
like it doesn't look nice down does it
but I just looks a bit silly and I put
some wax in it in a minute thought I'd
address that so this is what I got
yesterday the food I'm going to show you
so now remember I said I've got three
crates now the crates were about three
of those together and about that high I
got three of those of gifts from you
guys literally insane which we've sent
back to the publishers because we can
take you all but I did take the sort of
fresh food stuff so kale yep kale yeah
our naked bars I did not know that not
know they were in there they can be
perfect for traveling thank you look at
these people custom-made those literally
insane second one well what does that
say welcome to Scotland Mar Bob oh my
god yes you guys will sign this one so
does it say who it's from
no mer you're just writing my rap on it
so that's absolutely perfect monkey but
but hashtag no mayo
you guys blog me there you go this is
being blocked by you guys select pizza
hashtag mark you guys are so creative
with all this stuff this is amazing
thank you so I have no idea what I'm
gonna do with this I think I might bring
it with me because obviously I'm not
gonna eat all of this I think I might
bring it with me and donated it to
people either people in my meet-up in
the queue that might be quite a cool
thing to do people on the tour with me I
do something like that
anyway we wrap that rope saying I might
be running X I've been vlogging for ages
but yeah I'm gonna do my hair in booths
breakfast but just come out the hotel
Newcastle they go a bit more coverage of
the city and there's these guys standing
here
actually you guys they're also coming
well some of you come too but fine yeah
all your coming how many all the others
are coming right so I'll see you guys
there another five hunters out three
just about 360 works I think but all
laid out here signing is about to begin
today's onto WH Smiths so yeah if you
later these out on get a picture at some
point of me like lie on top of that not
thing that'd be quite funny signing done
I always forget I guess so in the zone
so we just did 360 books in under half
an hour I say we I don't know I think um
because it's such an amazing process so
I'm sat here obviously doing the
signings but it's like Heather's here
Alex is here and it's like LF slides a
book I could sign it Python Tali Alex
stack them up so then it's like this
little mini not factory fast but so yeah
they're all signed here and now we've
got that half hour to the science starts
to the meetup start
first person's gonna walk there I'm
gonna film them walking in first person
hey how are you good what's your name
Louise is the first person in the media
Congrats I don't know I'm keep playing
you rap okay I just want to film these
guys is there any sisters or friends
sister's friends and it's so cute look
say hi guys
like this
yeah
all right so me I was literally just
finished I want to show some of you guys
what we got we got uh oh your letters
have gone on here oh oh there's people
out there this is from you guys and it's
a custom-built cookie so thank you very
much for that there's that and then
there's this box of sweets of a love
heart thank you for that and all of this
box of which again this is all going to
be sent back to the publisher so I will
go full of that when we get back to
Brighton bring me a better London so
funny I've got like this whole literally
like a posse of security
like your clothes can we say that thank
you
good trailer people put this is health
and safety guys look after yourself
Ravens at the training that's like all
right now we're at the platform waiting
for our trainers and I've started wound
up here they receive a positive because
for sure we didn't get any last night we
absolutely shattered soda guard today
it's just been non-stop since this
morning so didn't have any time but yeah
just save people at the station is just
so overwhelming because you I had no
idea they'd be they you don't expect it
because you leave the venue hot some of
them are funny when you start some on
and then you just wards were station I I
guess I may be behind her but I have my
cases like yeah let's go to let's go to
the wards stones and try and find my
book because I want to see it in the
stores because I've only seen it in one
so far I was like let's just go look
around and stuff but you walk in and
there was like 50 people that ever any
just oh wow was I not expecting this and
because it's not in an environment the
book signing says people there I was
here it's just like wow like you they
surround you you guys are you guys are
nuts
but I love it it's like it's just so
surreal when you're saying I just hope
well and you see all the people the
funny things you see all the people
parts all around and people were just
walking to changes get a train and they
walk past me just like what like who is
that who's that they'll get their phone
out son okay I walked up here because
this is Newcastle why are you meet why I
why are you lads my eight man it's my
new course accent how cool is this I'm a
train track there's appears to be some
kind of cost or no if you can see that
just at the end chillin bog I mean it's
probably been there for a lot longer
than this has been in to be to be
completely there that's just and from
what I saw from you cost of traveling
around I'm just doing this what zoom out
new class would look like an absolute
beautiful city and one that I just want
to come back to for a few days and
actually explore and go out because it
seemed lovely the people are so friendly
your energy here is amazing so I want to
come here protect my story
and here we are back in London London
Kings Cross throughout range
it's just not over
and um back home what's the first thing
I do when I'm on tour when I've been on
tour as weird as this sounds calling
myself being I'm told by the way is
workout of course I haven't worked out
on tour or since France so yeah I feel
like it's become such a part of my life
now that I thought if I don't do it I
kind of I get like really I have to do
it to make myself feel energized and
happy it like really helps release my
stress and it's a perfect movie to just
get it all out of it so yeah that's what
I'm doing now get it
whoo-hoo workout complete and I'm back
with nimble she's let's just keep this
dinner
simple but perfect chicken chicken for
me sweet potato carrot and we think
that's cabbage we're not really sure
that is is it I was right I guessed it
was cabbage yeah really funny
did you miss me on my night away ma'am
yeah she read my book all of hi mines
gone and what is your review pretty bit
of advice in there I learned so much
about you and I have known a few years
if I've learnt loads about you much okay
you didn't learn loads about me you know
no you know she knows me better now so
yeah well you need dinner hey guys I am
showered and ready for bed day two of
book tour has been amazing new cost of
your energy was crazy as I said earlier
why I'm an me me friend I want her I
want her I want
I learned to be Newcastle that's what I
caught there's a couple words I picked
up on like why I'm an me for swearing
was like me from Ephraim man go
me part me I don't know is terrible but
I want to be able to learn it properly
because I love your accent anyway
tomorrow is nuts is Brighton so my
hometown which is gonna be kind of cool
I'm I'm an auntie coming which is sweet
and then straight off that we're going
up to play school with Erick so um yeah
two in one day tomorrow which is gonna
be full on that I'm ik shattered so I
would see you people tomorrow
