look at that that is my book in an
airport it's the first I've seen in any
kind of bookshop well apparently that's
nonfiction Airport exclusives exclusive
only there is that is an airport
exclusive because it's a paperback so
these you can only get in the airport if
you ever wanted to get on and go to the
airport
I believe by there
the glove
no chapter but they want to book for
so I I haven't mentioned I'm wearing
Scotland at all I didn't tweet didn't
snap have nothing there's like six
people that I'd just guessed that I was
coming here you guys are absolutely nuts
it's just a massive shopping center
where the signing is this is our little
got a ride look so like fancy and
security issues stuff loving life Alex
you ought to say a word say a first
hello hey she's been trained we're now
walking through like this secretive time
not just vlogging Alex but we're not
secretive time I'm the way that older
back
to get back
to that very same prison right don't
know exactly why I'm out we coming this
tiny door I'm wearing this gigantic
massive what's a supermarket was
definitely not a shopping center huge
but what you have big and bright
oh now after another secret door
sorry just put the laptop music on on my
8-track palest if you guys use a track
you can follow me I post a place on
there this one this is my most recent
one but it's had 87,000 plays and I've
got like 1,000 followers dozen same this
is the room this is 500 books this sort
of 500 of my face looks like when it's
focused which is not doing right now
500 of my face here here and here but
this is our room this is where the
actual meet-and-greet is so if you are
not aware of this I am pre signing all
of my books for all of the 13 shows
shows places we're going because I
didn't want to sit there and just sign a
book and hand that you're not really
engaged with the people that are coming
so I'm presiding over them and I can
have like you get given it and then we
can actually chat have a picture and
sort of be a bit more not intimate but a
bit more what I want it to be this you
guys know boost like boost smoothies or
boost juices there are loads of super -
what's the UK I've just got here they've
given me this card yeah for free they
just gave this to me I I get four
hundred free juices on that
what more could I want genuinely what
more could I want so thank you very much
for the simply giving that to me guys
I'm sure are coming very badly but yeah
I'm just about to upload my vlog and
then I guess signings gonna begin food
we've got some Nando's quick easy why
not the room the books have all been
signed there are so I think I told you
the books are outside so the guys come
up from downstairs I haven't been out
yeah they get handed a book and then
they walk into this room and this is it
so I think we're gonna be having a
picture there it's quite a big room when
you think about it but it's gonna be
quite cool because usually at me in
Greece there's a whole online and it's
quite boring for the people the back
they just stand and have to watch the
queue on and on or is this is quite cool
out there and all of a sudden they get
taken for its little room and it's like
boom and here we are but yeah we're
gonna eat and then the meeting starts in
four minutes
first time people about to come in and
I'm kind of broke them coming in want to
like jump around the corner that's not
the first person few works here I think
we can hear the Scottish accent okay
hey you're the first person how are you
nice to meet you hey sweetie
hey this is Jenny and Luke she's got
this actual like homemade t-shirt that
is incredible thank you so much thank
you very much for that
after the book signing and people still
here by here we are at Glasgow Queen
Street Station Elvina before but we had
to basically rush out there could be
really bad traffic because we got up we
had to get it straight it's critical to
go down to new course which is the next
stop so literally this rush
because he was nuts for the first one
there's 500 is completely sold out
and it was incredible I love them as
their for three hours
you guys gave me so much stuff but
because we get in the train I can't
carry it based let'slet's have three
books that some that's what they're
doing they're sending everything
everything you guys said
singing to the book publishers
and I'll get everything as soon as I get
home
so at night I wanted to film something
else my hotel room but like I was
basically as soon as we had to run to
Casa Bonita have time to show you guys
the box but there was three massive box
rattling stuff
I will go first up but not tonight
so if you gave me anything thank you
so we're on the wrong train station boy
so that's a bit pale nevertheless the
other stations around the pool and I
stay around for about five minute walk
temporary walk but these were get Simeon
guards go awry Alex gets it
I'm blown away this boy is about 6 years
old means playing that amazing I can't
do the accent I won't move down
it's been the freaking July genuinely
feels like it's about mid-february right
now how cold is some of Newcastle that
we're gonna see and not anymore cuz
there's a massive building in the way
there is so far been at least seven bars
on every single corner a big horseshoe
just had a me know it was gonna just had
a really quick shower because I hadn't
showered today and smell a lot to read
look at this hotel room massive I'm sure
you guys are probably there but we're
just growing during the hotel to hop all
greet hungry so that's why I mean do
guys I'm in bed obviously I'm in bed I'm
so tired
I've just been on my laptop reading all
you guys tweets and comments and
everything just catching up on
everything that's happened today I'm
with the book and stuff so firstly I
want to ask you guys if you've got the
book if you read the book do you like
the book were your responses to them
like what's your reaction on and I cuz
I'm trying to find but it's so hard to
see what your your actual strip opinions
you're alright freakin outlet you got
the book by one actually know what
people have read it think I'm sure that
will come in the next few days also I've
had a look on Amazon I was like I wonder
if my book would ever get a review and
I've had local numbers and there's full
reviews already so I feel pretty chuffed
with that but I would very much like you
know not very much like but if you guys
got it on Amazon or if you want to leave
a response rating on Amazon for me to go
have a read like an official review
thing that would be really awesome write
whatever you want not saying else be
good obviously I'm sure a good one would
be great but whatever you want to say I
can go over there and have a look and
read on there as well so I'll put a link
to that if you want to do that they're
not linked to do that just a link to the
book of that I've never actually I've
never left a review on Amazon thinking
about that maybe I should review mine
but would that be weird to do alright
yes those the video enjoy that I love
you guys still there
I should also add I'm giving away five
free signed copies of my book I've
already signed all you have to do is
retweet this is weeks I'm talking the
future cuz I'm at you done this yet so
I'm predicting what I'm gonna say what
you have to do is retweet my tweet
that's on Twitter I'll put a link to a
write down there and that will enter you
with a chance to win my a free copy
signed copy of my book so you have to do
retweet my tweet the link is down there
all right
