good morning afternoon guys it's 50 stop
where are we going then Bob hey brother
we're heading off to France for three
days because we have family friends
who've got a house down there and you
might have seen him before in blog olean
Jeff's five bucks point to remember them
and and he his family has a house there
and they're down there for two weeks and
Ollie was like hey do you guys want to
come down for like two days three days
and we were like why is she laying by
the sounds long run we were like I've
kind of got so much book stuff going on
very soon but I can probably come down
three days so we are going down there
for three days next time you see us may
or may not be in Franz don't know why oh
why do I do you see that okay we're in
the airport but in the car park
suffering to be open back to I say yeah
madness drive there was traffic like
massive accident
back through country right perfect time
to make it could be worse
no I'm wearing sunglasses inside no me
has come straight from fighting as a
gladiator and her in a new sandals I
think they're really cool just like
you've been in Gladiator checked in that
was much quicker no q look if you like
Norwegian airs are so I'm never found it
before no idea gonna be lightly pressed
up bath cream yeah we're both my burst
then
what up France Bernice my name you told
you I know is a very unfair for in these
in the moment now you're in a car to get
over to Central City
this is France died a very clear down
the boys you the bomb today we indeed
i've only got 47 seconds left before my
memory card runs out but left no me in
the airport to get our two little cases
there any little ones because we're
renting a car and I was like you know
what there's a guaranteed to be a long
piece so I've left trying flying car
rental which is what I'm doing now oh
yeah this is the whip yeah well that's a
very noisy car you got there my friend
this is it hi I just got the cheapest
one they were like do you will upgrade
to an Audi and a BMW i was like no just
want to get car and go it's gorgeous
restaurant this is it look at that does
the gorgeous crew that camera we're
waiting for food left is nice okay then
however there is a wasp's nest in this
table and there was a couple just there
that had to move and black ops applies
here it's why my road as soon as we get
our food they're going to be all over
here when you guys know how i do not do
well with wasps look or they're just all
that literature all in that table as
long as I think of what parts out this
food looks so good literally fresh fish
fresh veg salad and the kingdom box
great unreal looks so good
oh I'm not gonna do well lit up it for
you guys we did move when outside of the
bar area because wasps are coming over
and now there haven't been any was sent
to move I've absolutely destroyed that
whole meal it was so freaking delicious
know me as almost destroyed all of hers
and where yeah I know I've had a couple
of bits of Melanie it's so good and we
are just outside we're about 20 minutes
away from where we're finally going to
so yeah we wait for alia just a comment
floaty they're driving down so we're
waiting for them to get there first then
we'll meet them stand next year shut up
we're filming shadows this is named his
head from there is massive oh my god
your head looks so long looks like a
watermelon that's so weird oh my god
they do it again it is really creep
that's like a scary film straight up
that's the scary film but yeah we are
all he's not going to get into a
midnight so we've just come down to the
beach that's where we ate and we were
just sitting in there but let this is
the beach at night now you can see I
think we're going to get caught don't
get a car take our car to over there
which is sad some maxi nothing like that
as a port there and I think we're going
to wander our next we got about another
hour 15
sign that doesn't work properly this is
where are we Sam Maxine we're just
having a little wonder around lost
weight holly jessen Molly's gun it's
really cool they really buzzing like we
were five minutes when it's dead quiet
and nice we've got markets and stuff
we're in bed I say where I'm in bed this
is our room luck nimbler well she's
actually that but I mean she's sleeping
over there and I'm will over here it
feels like we're like at school or the
first time you have sleepovers and if
like you guys might know what I'm
talking about oil gets this stage or
you've been for other defense how or
join or watching this but like if if you
ever have like your mom or dad let you
have your first boyfriend or girlfriend
ever sleep around yours mine was the
case like this way it was when it went
and if they're allowed in your rooms at
first they went and had in my room it's
like they're allowed sleep we sleep in
separate rooms and then if yeah I slept
at naomi's and and it was in a separate
room but sometimes they're like if they
let you how to part from rather than you
had like it two twin beds like this that
they'd sleep on one side you sleep on
the over oh it's funny but yeah we are
here and we're absolutely shattered it's
a half one and yeah it's about if Aaron
else to say we're here tomorrow is going
to be really fun here we're going out on
boat so I am SuperDuper excited for that
um but yeah right love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow give back
