yeah
morning people hello hello
she's not even looking it's Sunday fun
day and I'm vlogging today because we
are having our Sunday Funday we are on
our way to breakfast we're gonna get
where we're going to ahead ensure that
you'll enter a new play to be a minty
food and Deena Deena and we never do I
don't mean never do it we do it it's the
least meal we go I think it's the least
amount anyone goes out for together yeah
so we're heading over there now and then
we're gonna maybe explore some areas
around there we also went up some
cocktails last night something that's
lovely
I start singing 9 foot 4 1 2 3 4
it's a privilege right there what's this
then if storage there might be a TV this
is where we going Ryan Joey he's got a
juice a nice happy name I've also got
juice
having tried I'm gonna try yo walking in
East underbrush headin to breed some
parts to be some other just not cool
enough what this does not know like
Brick Lane I've been to Britt named once
on a photo shoot yeah like two years ago
and that's the own time being it was
freezing and it was really like just
like not why I thought it was gonna be
it's like this tiny little road of just
loads of shops on basically so we're
gonna go through that's all about Oh
first bit Brick Lane people loving life
just ants in the road while it's sign oh
sorry I didn't mean Suman on this woman
but look at this girl loving I feel cool
already so this is Britt claim we've
walked one length we haven't done
anything yet cuz we're trying to figure
out where we should go doing us had a
little browse on the Main Street yeah
there's so much food and market but we
know for next time if you guys come here
come here without eating anything so you
can buy loads of food but we walk was
loads of markets and all that buzzing so
you can have your chips on at that
market number one oh my god this is
buzzer
this is insane and we've let you just
ether
we're so cool I couldn't other new we
think I've had like a taster of someone
it's little over like fresh food that's
being cooked
this is a bad idea we're getting so much
cool images pineapples everything is
just so like give me that give me that
give me that
oh then flutes it looks like this guy's
about to play it I think yes areas the
reason I'm filming that though yesterday
you say the flu I've known only for
eliminating ten years
number eleven twelve years
but she could she said she wasn't ready
Azaria don't get out but yes
and then she wasn't very good at it
since you went into the choir in my
white gown giant slices for watching
them inside their like birthday like
you wanted yourself for neon that didn't
you I'm pretty sure that was what was on
your Christmas they start try it on
odds on to get it and wear it for the
rest of the day I've done you have to 10
3 2 1
and embrace them that fits pretty well I
can't Montgomery
reservists so small
I love this
that has made our paper
now how do you do that you could do that
oh wow it's not focusing you say that is
actually made of paper that is
completely redonkulous
ended up in this insane chocolate shop
that is literal box of chocolate ashes
here now this looks incredible and
smells seen we just walked past this
place a chocolate factory look how like
edgy it looks but we're gonna have a
look in here because they're making
chocolate right in here oh my god this
is so cool Richard is making doctor
Nikki's got the triplet balls lined up
affirm that we found this to be putative
yeah this is unreal
getting a chocolate beer
chocolate beer
it doesn't make sense no no yes I cannot
be a moustache so is it chocolate in
which is weird
it's so weird right
sweet isn't that try
it's weird isn't that business it
doesn't taste sweet I like
cool his blades okay
we've come to a hidden restaurant
Rochelle canteen oh nothing happened
oh okay this food looks incredible we've
come to Facebook issue
I kept pulling dish room for like five
I'm tried say it was like yellow dish
room but it looks incredible so it's
nice little table outside homes and
blackout time pretty dim dinners out
it's time listen Yoga relaxing the
stretch
I've no idea what this song means by the
way I just search for yoga workout
complete it's so weird not daily
vlogging and but I feel like when I do
you draw those so used to just sharing
I'm like yeah work out now I'm doing
this not doing that and I'm doing it
I felt sometimes it's just boring c'mon
yo no work no no this is what me no this
no work you know now I'm going to the
gym so I'm try and limit ed book because
I'm still doing it I'm like yeah this is
some day so I'm gonna show you why he
straight after work out because it's
court to 9:00 at night and we had when
we ate did it lunch by there's about 4
o'clock so it was like lunch dinner so I
don't want a whole massive meal but I'll
show you I'm gonna have very simple I
have got my protein shake which I'm not
sure about the change before I have a
Vegas sport protein which is actually a
vegan protein but no even being as
plant-based so being on plant-based same
thing it's basically just dairy-free so
it's not like just vegan specific it's
literally just dairy-free
so it's not made of any milk whey
protein and so have that with some water
shaken up in there and then just an
apple straight after so one of the most
annoying things for me when I shower is
or when I put no product in my hair is
when it's dry it just my fringe just
sits here because my hair is so
unnecessarily straight it nothing
happens so no matter where I pushing him
and how I hold it over just like Nanny
McPhee so I got the shower I saw one of
name is clips on the side and just like
twelve my hair up and I just hung it up
and it's been so nice to just sit down
and like this is what it's like hey it's
worth when it's fully dry that because
it's proper thin but you can see it just
sits over my glasses I move out of the
way as soon as I move my head but oh
yeah I look back in front of you glasses
not even focused that's great but yeah
you can see see my see my first world
problem there so to
to solve this yeah grab that this is for
any boys with long fringe well they
maybe maybe not do this in public don't
know if I'll do this in public
there you go twirl all there get one of
these bad boys it's like he got ready
with me video isn't it Oh out yet just
pretty sure it took someone head out
there you go now you look awesome don't
you that's out the way little clip up
now move my head about flick it around
know I've worried in the world about
getting hair in front of your eyes life
lessons with Marcus everyone alright
guys I'm going to go to bed yeah okay go
to bed I will not see you tomorrow
probably because I'm not plugging now I
don't know when I'm gonna start the
whole daily uploading on this channel
where one day might be a vlog one they
might be a game or some quiz or some
challenge or something fun I'm not sure
what I'm gonna do that it might be after
my whole book tour and when I get back
from that but who knows we'll see I'm
still gonna try and do like little
videos on here every now and again and
still vlog once twice three times a week
depending on what I'm not doing stuff
and yeah let me guys know what you think
every guys know what you'd like to see
on this channel I won't know so you
probably be like daily vlogs like go
back to daily Bruin but you know I'm not
gonna daily vlog here pretty day so let
me know alright love you guys and I'll
see y'all 60 face there's members to
come back
