okay I'm sorry my vlog on my phone
you'll see why in a sec the dog is going
to go ready in 321 321 321 Ali oh yeah
sure think you just farted I do that's
still filming Oh is I'm gonna switch my
camera now okay I can't really contain
my excitement right now this right here
yeah this is my book like my actual book
not like a print out of there not a
couple of pages of another cover my
actual book I've never seen so this is
the first ever first I won my book hair
is all over the place but I don't really
care I'm just gonna open they're like my
hand is on it my hand is caressing the
book oh okay three two one that is my
face on a book that that is it that is
my face that look at the back that is me
look this is my flipping thing that I've
created this does not feel like real
life it genuinely feel like I'm having a
dream this is my book yeah this is like
what's gonna be in ch this if you are
gonna be able to walk into a shop and
that is gonna be on a shop Donna thing
you may have to see that in real life
IRL
I gotta get a hammer face I don't know
what to do with it now like I just want
to sit here and read it all that smell
oh this is a book yeah there's one page
because the spread of me on a page doing
a backflip whole page the thing is I've
read this so much before it in this guy
for I've read it I must have read about
12 times now like on a computer screen
sorted through changes edits all this
stuff but to actually have it physically
like in my hands and being able to just
flip to any page and it actually being a
real thing is kind of ridiculous Lisa
real a bit bit overwhelmed right now
acknowledgments I kind of want to sit
here and just reach you try maybe read
the entity am I read open paragraph
hello ! and welcome to hello life
Michael why am I putting on some fancy
voice my guide to be in an almost adult
an indispensable handbook on how not to
screw up your future for some of you my
voluminous quick and SPECT might already
be familiar sight for my youtube channel
you'll know all about my vlogs and
online randomness from the internet for
others and might be an entirely new and
baffling thing in which case you're
probably thinking who the hell is this
dude and why is my mum aren't ground got
me this book question
good question how about give you the
answers for two if you didn't know the
book is split into four parts part one
healthy living which is this intro page
I gave you I cover so many different
things in this section all about my
transformation food ideas snack ideas
dinner ideas food shitty you shouldn't
eat like because I know a lot of you are
interested in that and it's meant to be
that anyone can pick up and read it so
it's not like really baffling
nutritional boring stuff it's like
really fun easy to understand sort of my
books just like that cambria book my
book not saying else I've put my own
like workout routine hair that you can
do anywhere in the world you don't need
a gym is just pure and simple you're
anything but over oh yeah yeah a big
there for you pure and simple gonna be
there rowing it back but it's not just
about like food and stuff healthy living
is like the whole aspect of it so about
how to get a good night's sleep about
how to relieve stress like it covers
everything that represents living
basically yeah look at me yeah chef
there check me out suction to the dating
game our section 3 is friends and family
and this is probably like the deepest
section of the book this is their area
where I share a lot of stories and
experiences that being true that I've
never ever mentioned before or expressed
on my youtube channel that the reason I
share them is because I want to be able
to offer up some life advice on how I
dealt with those because I know that a
lot of you will be going through those
have gone through it or will experience
them at some point of your life because
it's something that some of them are
something that everyone goes through so
and section for how to get a life you
one this covers a whole range of
different things to jobs careers
university school unless my book there
we go that is it just just those four
things I said I say just those four
things it is a mere two hundred and i
want to say 56
yes 256 pages this is kind of genuinely
like one of those moments where it
hasn't sunk in like I'm holding this in
my hand and it hasn't really sunk in
that I have a book or just littering my
son bou salt mate camera just died just
as love game d so this comes out the
twentieth of july in the UK basically
i'm going to be traveling in UK meeting
some of you guys who come into the meet
and greet i'm calling them a meet and
greet book told me in Greek because you
get a book but it's also meet and greet
but then it's also going to like loads
of different shops and stuff so you will
be able to just walk in a shop and get
one which is madness just pure madness
players choose their 28 dry keep that
date in your diary do you keep they
don't have a diary anymore be on a
serious note insane I don't think I'm
gonna I'm gonna have that on the table
over there and I don't think I'm going
to quite understand it the fact that
open now with the book was here but yeah
I just wanted to film it I didn't plan
this I just got told it was being sent
here because he's just go back from the
printer and I was like oh my own gonna
film this and done that so yeah hope you
guys will enjoy the book I'm sure you
will it's for the low stuff but yeah
they're saying in hip anyone any age any
gender any gender is like two genders
maybe your cat or dog will enjoy it too
if they can read English but then they
might like that but yeah I finish this
video I'm going to don't know how about
that I can't spank and that's all I'm
gonna say now in this video I'm just
gonna go I I'm just I'm ending this
video ok yeah if you want to preorder it
you can otherwise it'll be out in store
to enjoy yeah all right love you guys
bye
