good morning people Oh how's that for an
intro how you guys doing today today is
a fine day it's sunny it's Friday so
basically today I'm gonna vlog because
me and Jimbo I hanging out today
it's a carnauba Misbah it's her hen
party dude thing Bob and all the girls
are doing fun stuff I'm Samir Jim are
gonna horan or their fun and stuff and
then we're gonna have all girls going
back to Tanya's later today me and Jim
are gonna come back here later and then
we're having a sleepover yeah Jim I
don't know why I love this song and Here
I am in the Sun getting burnt probably
excited for about five minutes I'm at
Jim's bar though I really I've been here
literally about five minutes Jim is in
the middle of a DIY structural thing
going on and he's created these two so
far I haven't been held literally just
turned up and he's in the middle of
creating the last chair and I'm trying
to upload off my laptop I'm just freakin
boiling and I'm worried I'm gonna burn
so ya hungry
I might go inside in a minute but it's
so creepy balls let's we are told you
did I tell you guys you're gonna probe
all school I don't know we're gonna go
play basketball in this gorgeous weather
basically and it's a bit of fun doing it
DIY stuff I'm not really Jim's done all
the work I'm just helping move it the
other
so I came out to gyms one of the first
things he said to me was Marcus you will
have some of this now if you don't know
what it have you about oh my god within
the hot days I don't know it's browning
the biz Tonya's special fridge Barney
Joe also Joe's here um that was half a
team this month I was high Jim said that
Tom made this yesterday butter into the
fruit there wasn't even half a tin this
morning Jim that this came up to about
here so I bet you Abel that didn't you
yeah yesterday we ate half as him
between four of us and this morning time
have a lot nibble of eating the rest so
hungry people tries to stretch your arms
you don't want to go on a big watch it's
all this is actually with lots of
calories but no good calories and you go
Joe give you good calories cuz they're
like help is Charlie made up yeah Phil
I'm Mary Barry I'm not the judge chip no
Jim's is Jim Kelly if you like a hook
this time did I care how it quick good
yeah do I get oh it's only quite West so
much girl you're gonna get my phone also
use my minis you get the rice krispies
cake a little brownie oh no no no I was
in that Joe coconut sugar coconut oil
avocado and dark chocolate hands enough
ground almonds everything in there
anyway Jade the DIY self is done
I did nothing other than move a table
this is all very bright
that is what oh here we go here we go oh
what a it what a funny guy
I'm gonna that is Jim's asshole right
there can you hear me Jim Jim just told
us a story how he shot the bed the other
day
with me all of you same it um are
virtually the same as you I'm gonna yell
there so who do you think got hot
playing basketball
this is what I'm he wasn't what my
current state affairs is life kami old
boy hey hey guys
Jim look fine he doesn't sweat is downed
an entire panda daughter
Joe doesn't sweat and it's just messin
I'm always that kid at school who nicely
just all-around like a good chariot lush
there you go rum from Boca Jim I was
honoring kids that was in school used to
just swept out of here and go into the
next lesson like this if you guys are at
school with anyone like that I was like
kid but I like my shoulder in it see
okay great I think my daughter is good
you would not leave a my vlog yeah
are you thinking myself it's gonna work
on my shoulders quite a lot recently I
think I look good there so I'm trying to
edit the crap outta Jim shoulder know
how to bring you dealt out not like that
my eye oh no I see of massive and when
you see this picture you probably have
seen it on Jim's Instagram by now you'll
know how much as I meditated I'm not
editing the photo just just yeah yeah
Jim yeah yeah I was about self foods
calm and it's delicious
um I have got a curling quinoa salad of
course I have Joe has got his first
vegan meal and he is proper happy with
it a good isn't known that you can't
actually see I looks like some lower
like crack inside me this is how
dedicated we are we've got the tennis on
in the car on the way home off the phone
whilst on driving gee would you look at
that an empty plate the man Jim have
just absolutely demolished
Oh apart from a circular lump of cheese
hey dude I'm just washing oh oh I was
about to say I'll turn to ETA odds on to
eater
odds are once 20 no I don't want to kill
the poor thing that's very sweet
response here will a hurt do you reckon
there is it I don't like that I don't
like that they get
it's like Kroy doesn't want to go on you
huh that give you out yeah fine just cuz
this the texture of it your all and it
this is a really common does it jump can
it fly okay okay had a spider on my face
few days ago he's a strong bugger yeah
all right well Jim's made a new friend
go get us in a market yeah I should feel
you know what we're doing by the way so
as I mentioned earlier it is Tonya's hen
night so the girls are going out like
getting wasted they're not getting ways
but I think they've just had a fun day
so the boys been hanging out and me and
Jimbo just come for dinner I think he's
gone there you dropped him off a shot
off at school isn't he and now we are
we're gonna go and see new Ted film
wealth to see Ted and Jim hasn't seen
number one I haven't seen first he's
missing out he does not know your story
I don't think it is I think all you need
to know is there's a little there's
a little bear
he doesn't like storms he's scared of
thunderstorms he is in love with Mila
Kunis if I remember correctly Jamil
awesome I think is Jo is Jo Seok oh my
god that is an absolutely gorgeous
ginger car to come but we're going to
cinema you guys know oh wow this is a
cute hey Jim's
got a thing for the the ginger pee
are you stop licking it somehow Manowar
never seen a man destroy it you like him
I'm sorry you do look like Ted use same
color color see that dude all right so
play nice oh cool you know you want more
now don't you it's just ha you know you
just want more such a tease
oh and in typical Marcus style I forgot
to end the vlog because you know I like
to do that I'm not really much else
happened we went see Ted which was good
and then we went back home which was
good and then we hung out and we tried
to pay xbox didn't work so then we went
to bed and that is how the vlog finished
so I hope you enjoyed give it a big
thumbs up if you did and there is a new
video on my main channel actually
dropping in a couple of days explaining
the whole not daily vlogging thing so
keep your eyes peeled for that otherwise
I was he very soon all right love you
guys bye
