oh you can see what's there with my hips
or you can't see what's up guys for noon
how are you doing so I haven't been
daily vlogging every single day there is
a reason for that which I will share
with you as soon as I'm ready to
basically but anyway and for the
meantime I'm vlogging when I've got
exciting things on and today is one of
those exciting days because if you guys
saw my vlog a few days ago I went for
lunch with Jamie Nichols who is a pro
snowboarder we hung out we got on and
stuff and now I'm going snowboarding
with him so I'm packing my stuff not
like snow going to a different country
just an indoor snow place so yeah I've
got to pack my bag and then I'm gonna
snow border oh wow I am here I'm in
snowboarding gear in the UK yeah so we
got yeah you can see that Mike Trout has
got one I've basically sponsored by nine
definitely not this is Jamie alright
ready I don't know if there is
oh wait same top oh oh wait same same
trouser Oh yep same shoes yeah the
funnies Jamie's actually sponsored by
knife whereas I'm such a wannabe oh and
here we are would you look at that this
is insane this is indoors right in the
UK and it's like actual cold and actual
snow actual snowboarding is gonna take
place here and I think we're gonna be
over here and failing it like there is
in effect just do the part that will run
down here Jamie of course pants run just
differently back there just cash back oh
that's gonna be that's gonna be me
pummel good I'll just embarrass myself
what what sorry these kids are like
this could be the biggest fan of my life
maybe hey can you goddamn
oh my god he just took a massive bail
like big belt having he's alright he's
still standing he's doing alright okay
he's getting on pretty well evening was
going great you know as landing jumps
turn Braves try 180 just pare that down
Iong killer on my back and like my arm
and stop my neck yes we just had some
food
gammon steak egg little bear chips brown
- yes sir there's six-year-olds on the
slope though better than me
even the perceptor kid
got treated like royalty personal scales
skellige so who do you think he's
falling over let's recover this right
you got this
Oh
I don't buddy
is the end of snowboarding day one day
with this one here all right like I wish
well don't well no I do wish I got that
bear love me on camera when I went for
180 like to discuss I just bailed big
time but yeah I think I'm progressing
with some stuff on there so that's cool
but it's been awesome today I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog it was cool a hang
of Jamie and obviously snowboarding with
a pro no biggie yeah I hope the video
give it a thumbs up if you did and I
will see you very soon
