what is up guys
so the outfit hello hello hello to you
person watching this video I have
something to tell you just sounded a
little bit like a some kind of dinosaur
or something as I am sure you ever be
aware I have a book coming out called
hello life if you did not know that then
surprise it's coming out like July 28th
I'm only laughing because I just tried
to say at last seven times on peyote I
had loads of you have pre-ordered so if
you pre-ordered already a big big
serious huge thank you to you like
thanks but yes the reason I'm so excited
to make this video is because I can
finally share my book tour dates and
where I'm gonna be going and hope I can
meet as many of you people watching this
video as is physically possible so can
we get a drum roll please okay the
places I'm going to be going ah and
before I do this oh sure sure and before
I do this all information and full
details and dates and where you can get
the tickets will be in the description
so I'm just gonna read off the places
I'm visiting and the date that I'll be
there
go Wednesday it's very nice enjoy one
o'clock Glasgow Thursday 38 11 a.m. gate
shed head gate Friday 11 and brighter my
hometown it's gonna be like a little
homecoming prom queen dang Friday night
good same day first 5:30 in the evening
lakeside Saturday the 1st of August 11
a.m. not good my new hometown and
probably where loads
gonna be going to say the 4th of August
at 1 o'clock
leaves I'm coming to you leads I've
never been to you before so you better
be ready Wednesday the 5th of August at
11 a.m.
Liverpool meets Nick appeal coming for
Liverpool also on Wednesday the 5th of
July at 6:30 p.m. I'm going to burn
because if you're wondering why I'm
looking down it's because I'm worried
I'm gonna miss read something so I want
to be like a hundred percent correct
with the information I'm feeding you
guys Thursday the 6th of July at 11 a.m.
to 11 in bloom here the last three I'm
very excited about Tuesday the 11th
August 11 and Cardus coming to Wales
sorry ok you guys wanted this Wednesday
the 12th of August 4 p.m.
Dublin Silas baby see you there and the
last day on this little tour is Thursday
the 13th of August 11 a.m.
boom yeah
that is the Marcus Butler book tour
dates and I would love for you guys to
come I want to meet as many as you can
and what I think I'm going to be doing
if you guys are cool with this is I kind
of like the idea of pre signing the
books so that how it works I think you
pay for a book and then that's like your
ticket to the event like I said I'm not
sure entirely how it works all the info
will be down here so make sure you're
going to get there for the official
stuff but what I like to do is pre sign
the book so that when you're there
instead of me sat kind of behind table
and you just handed but can I sign it
the books are like already signed so I
can hand you a signed book and then we
can actually like hang out for a little
bit and chat and get a picture because I
kind of like to interact with you guys
when I meet you and I feel like I'm just
gonna see sat on a table kind of doing
this all the time I'm not really gonna
be able to hold a conversation with you
and that's something that I kind of
really enjoy doing like meeting you guys
so yep that is
why I plan to do if that's okay with you
guys if you would rather that I do just
sit there and sign then let me know I'm
like that is in this video
that is just a UK tour that I made do a
tour in America at some point in the
future maybe come to other places in the
world it all depends on if you guys
enjoy the book and how it goes down I
guess so
yeah just UK for the moment but only for
the moment so yeah that is what I have
been wanting to tell you for like three
weeks no way more than that alright I
don't know since we started talking
about it's like two months ago and I
feel bad because I made a video like are
they coming next week because they kind
of had the dates but they had to get
signed up officially and we had to have
like make sure that I wasn't going to be
like hey I'm coming here and then we
couldn't go there so sorry for the delay
but I'm so excited to announce this and
I really really really really really
hope that it's cool if you guys and I
hope you're gonna enjoy it so yeah
that's basically sorry for not posting
on this channel in daily vlog terms
you'll find that way soon like switching
things up but yes all the information
for buying tickets they are on sale
right now literally right now you can
get these tickets they will be in the
description right there to go check out
and hopefully I see you one month but
the book tour it's also weird saying
that all right I love you guys and I
will see you soon
