hello beautiful takes people welcome to
not a vlog even that looks like a blog
is just starting off as a blog because
I'm in a Russian supermarket with a
russian girl no we have no lasting
fulfillment good try Russian food I'm I
will make you try rushing forward about
how I mean so she's Russian
you know she's half Russian half German
yeah it's full German Russian blooded
her parents are Russian it's really
complicated why is that
her parents are Russian she was born in
Germany what does that make her no but
but my grant grandma was German and she
came while the wire to Russia Russia and
Germany were working together
so great-grandparents the German and I'm
parents of Russian so she's Joshin ya
jestro Sean hi I'm Stephanie and I'm
Josh and so we thought we'd do a video
trying Russian food and candy and stuff
with a Russian go this is my Russian
girl everything in here is Russian even
time you have speaking Russian see me
see what is image get lucky eluded you
but in each case a chef no idea what she
finds
I don't know why say sorry we have so
many offices let's start with the Queen
yeah that was for you thank you I'm
Neela I'm you I'm Neela sushi you eat
sushi with twist like a llama sometime
okay so let's take small things all
right I love them listen we love them
and if we won't leave them like that
where we went over okay
don't worry more sushi why don't we
bring in some pictures of little girls
because it's cute and you're like oh
so that's like chocolate in a
marshmallow on the biscuit oh there's
another guy goes like squishy no can you
know concentration tell me what you want
I this is foreign language to me I don't
know what I want is that how Russian
people don't know thanks gents really
offer they like men usually dance like
this
that's how English people that Matt
dances like that that's how English we
were dancing the club dance like this oh
of work and then the Russian Nancy knows
- yeah they did it just did leg day ah
this looks amazing
oh man you come on Manuel you know the
thing with Russian guys what I've
learned so I can obviously tell you is
that Russian reads definitely - how it's
spoken so even though that looks like oh
mama that's probably not mama
and I think it's just the chocolate or
those what does this say kid on the side
cool how to swing them but I don't in
this Russian specimen Russian is that
click what is that thing yeah again the
pin again de see that's what I'm saying
nothing reads how it sounds which is
really complicated all right this one
this one has an old woman on it rather
than a younger son fallacy yeah we
Russian we just like track them with the
teeth and the Russian people have oh my
god what the hell are they
that is tomatoes on the thought of its
rank you will love is that watermelon
this melon is not meant to be stored
like yeah I'm not eating that
oh come on you listen up people
watermelon yeah this is Russian hey you
have a Russian girlfriend now you have
to eat all the Russian stuff you have to
do can we get the fast it was what happy
I'm just saying that except she forgets
I won't forget just like how I love a
lot
apparently to stay healthy let's see no
it's definitely not healthy
Oh something what the hell is screw
Shankar you eat it before it's amazing
oh this is amazing to swallow but wait
we need them with more sugar over how
are they called again arm remains try
Russian alcohol water okay you got a
timing fist freak trucks this freaks me
out already three two one boom ice
charism
she's disappeared
oh my god
honestly I love all the pictures the
people is so intense battle after battle
dr. cow but in a cute way do you even
know you don't even have cute things in
England like we would pay like Swiss tap
or excuse him like cute in a cute way we
could be like chair or chair but all the
Russians are eating it let's try it
creamy marshmallows lovable for me like
a game Jenga you ready we're gonna work
on teach America they have a lot of
talent in Russia
everything's careful Moscow in Russia
huddle this is rush I'm just doing
random things
don't you remember right fish makes me
feel really funny
no like really funny when you open eyes
like whoa whoa look at that with now in
different clothes and not on my phone
yes oh we went to the supermarket
yesterday but all of those things and
today we are going to be trying Russian
foods with a Russian German girl we said
Junction I imagine we don't need to go
through what we've got because we've
already seen it roaming around the shops
so I'm looking for something up are
those Soviets
there's nothing that I was nothing helps
you know we can actually you know yeah
you know what's healthy live the dried
fish nuts of private 18 draw honestly
dogfish it doesn't tell me even
attrition look nothing's it's not good
that's illegal isn't it but oh shut up
to eat this rule ya know ya know you
don't that 3 appointment it's not
welcome to my Russian kitchen today I'm
going to show you what kind of not only
sweet but also favorite things we have
in other countries that's all right no
bravery
this is savory it's not a sweet is it
yeah also that Chris no of everything
favor is rank that's just softly and
then maybe make them you like the
economic yet and I think where there are
some excellent knowledge method okay
okay daily gonna start with but I also
when I appear at all I really like it
you might not like the smell you don't
want to smell no smelly your assessment
no I read a little did I how about you
just try it and then I know where's the
point in that
they also so right it's an amazing oh
it's amazing what think so mad
oh my bad right and Omega on Fisher
looking is to with bones in it
it has but I just try a reliance eat
them yeah they're like credit crunch on
some fish bones my dad will be very
happy that some of this will do that
most honest yes ma'am
come on everything's other lives
everything some abuse you know how to
call me
it's amazing what oh I'm not enjoy again
or if you could smell it it smells like
fish like crazy like that
has got like a rotted ocean I love it
okay notice no spitting out no spitting
out oh yeah actually not on this protein
I don't care
no not Marcus that's horrible I'm not
playing with you I call this passing my
boyfriend
thank you more fish in the sea oh my god
they found the gross things that no
that's just pure fat down there isn't it
yeah it also Salva is like we have it on
the white bread it's like white bread
butter and tell us anything you can do
Carla and people love it okay so don't
be too mean because Russian people will
hate sorry
Russian people I don't want to offend
any on that I do if Russian people
watching the video so apologies in
advance
always please follow very nice once
you're doing that I'm gonna crack on
with some new to me smoosh
keep Alaska amazing yeah you will like
this and we were nothing but pure sugar
finish it now and it's sparkly and I
know you love it mm-hmm delicious right
amazing we have something in England
that tastes very similar but calm
throughout what is Alex now she will
like no okay now it's not too bad look
you don't even have to eat the fat
because I never eat the fat some people
love it but this is a good part you'll
like it
so you honestly can eat this because
yeah this looks like raw bacon it is
where the dog hair on it oh I'm sorry
no all right honestly you can eat this
about cooking it did you cook it as well
you can cook it as well
I like is it wrong bacon no it's amazing
try that you will like it
mmm and it's good that's what you see I
love it and this heart is a good part
it's like this
- you really are it tastes like just
salami
yeah it does taste a bit like the La
Mina turns up what is very Russian is
not dark food when my father started
doctors know we're sitting in front of
the television having the hair pull the
bed but you can have one on QQ you crap
it with your teeth
I hate it sunglasses with the shells on
them and it takes a little part of me
ups it you're not good at it
Hey looking at the first time I know I
was always really bad as a child like
that Christ them for me I'll taste for
you that right taste pressure
yeah say some expect that are normal
sunglasses yeah but anyway no it's good
to you like have something to do and not
that I'm healthy
no no really healthy really healthy and
you just sit there in terms of the
television instead of eating chocolate
you know those and when you're a pro you
do it in like some seconds can you slip
your hands yeah there you have to crack
this part of yeah that's hot okay cool
funny that we should meet you long
because we have a lot of stuff another
favorite things the less they were tuned
it makes them look savory of sour savory
to you it's watermelon pickle watermelon
trying to say we have just had the most
delicious normal watermelon apologia 20
minutes ago okay
so can't wait some pickled watermelon
the onion is done moles of a thinking of
me I hate it Wow smell
it's disgusting all Italy that looks
like a testicle
against a together in this same way to
on having small boy oh my god also it's
like the worst hot water man and there's
no red bit right no
big butt no definitely not not like a
big bat come on spit it out after okay
one two three
wah-wah
it's not even bad that to be honest
efficient but it's very for that bad
very bad
no wrong hey woo and your parents love
it yeah one of my debt will be happy so
we're having tomorrow a Russian barbecue
my dad will be so happy about finish the
beer then I bet they met in hell like a
fat Russian kinda remember no my dad is
very lovely
just a Russian okay now we go to the
good time you want to serve men my
favorite as a child I was eating that
huge bag yourself look at this Brigid
raised like everything
oh no British it's not good house it'll
last year Cooper with my apology mmm
that's amazing I'm a no I don't know so
small you know tiny good putt yeah it's
like a chief toad about the cheaper
flavor and I would rate that nine out of
10 yeah this is amazing I love a
commoner pretty the back watching 17
gram per gram sugar you don't have those
people that time these human really talk
about you know I was excited about this
in business for many days and this is
who Sean said it's the best paying photo
I have that before you cut this before
with my mum and tangent Tanner case but
they called oh my god being Kiki oh I
think about it think how you usually
have a symmetrical yeah associate so she
remember me
army need to see you later safety like
no it's like milk is enough I won't tell
you Lou tech guys that's never a good
time just put my bread okay
these are a bit plain i boring that's
good with that that's amazing
okay can I decide what we do decide I'm
doing oh I love them they're amazing
they're better when you do them at home
so basically what it is it is like um
some thin and in between them very screw
Shan crevice with caramel and it's just
amazing whole thing in your mouth
three two one so much Sarah you never
talk very very good mmm-hmm that's a
solid ice out and next one sanity is it
for pretty baby you can take pretty baby
this chocolate is called
an your car and my mom is called
a lunker so you can change this crazy we
always said this is my mom with my life
so gravity there is amazing
Oh like a Mickey Mouse yeah this is the
beautiful it smells so good it is
amazing I love it
that's amazing Oh all know that I know
that that reminds me so much of my
childhood
if so interesting comment bright in the
middle very good
seven out of ten oh no be honest I don't
know everything about this I didn't eat
another cell for so long so we even
let's see the maze
beep it thank you stop chocolate that's
why don't be a cop huh oh yeah my
parents love it let go
it's meanwhile my taste buds I love that
that's the best thing so far
mm-hmm the waxen so far so good
okay at all keep your mallet car and you
would translate it into various milk
purse no fats no I don't know what felt
like this but it's amazing it's like
dark chocolate and inside is a nice kind
of marshmallow thing
oh not it's already yummy okay yeah mmm
laughs hmm I prefer the baby little bit
weird texture
hmm I love that and this is also chicken
local but this one is what's terrible
and it or something we try we should try
so look it has two layers and like one
and a chocolate words okay three two one
after sighs funk all right I know it's a
type of shop textures really weird to be
honest I don't really like the texture
marshmallow - yeah okay this one is
called la boum you can cookie you got a
double-double a cup double life
knowledge knowledge no smaller well it's
not know which I don't know if I read it
right
I can read Russian which I really think
too comfortably and stuff okay I never
tried this have something to do with a
cow I bet with no okay love it Wow this
is so like on our thighs like um
balances oh my god
back Sam show to it so this is Bowie Biz
for unit for a bit me I don't know
it's all black chocolate and something
is inside you guess isn't enough oh it's
not bounty it's been piercing well I
guess what alcohol oh my colleagues
about what is a weakness and I hate the
word combination our whole job her like
that favorite we have to try that but my
dad you know what he does my denture so
here's in this video but he's always
hates white bread like white buns does
but on it and most of this no and he
just like oh no way
really it's right to crunch it I'm your
dad's favorite he loves it three two one
I love that yeah yeah I think I've seen
it'll make us about Sam hmm
I love chaos ten and out time and I'm
understanding you down low so okay the
last thing is hello Scott I can read it
Cub Scout pants cutoff gun this is
chocolate with some way stuff place a
little weight fun I'm so shaky nervous
to be on the channel hi I was never a
fan of like chocolate wafer they have a
number one in Germany what's the
chocolate like this in Germany no no you
get two and it's long mother and a
better one cookie learner okay ha ha
because very good all about tremendous
expenditure I just died incredible hmm
okay but what about whispers Wow and
that just about thumbs up though has
that gone okay that just about sums up
the Russian food challenge with a
russian girl concussion reduction go
thanks for helping me out in the Russian
shop you're very welcome Marcus Butler I
hope you guys enjoyed the video if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and I will see
you next day tomorrow with another video
I would like next day that's not usual
and Alla see you tomorrow better after
than one and that was our little Russian
food video I hope you guys enjoyed it
give it a big thumbs up subscribe to my
channel if you not subscribe yet give it
a comment and I will see you tomorrow
beautiful sexy people give a comment on
bye and now after all the Jedi Nina like
