morning guys I'm off to meet someone
very very exciting you'll find out with
your financing very scenic back I'm
going to meet him we have for lunch and
yeah it's basically going with Jamie and
his personal water sort on telling here
right so here and I'll show you I can't
put onto it now there is the man himself
this is jamie pro snowboarder how would
you enjoy yourself
basically right we've just finished up
and we're talking about snowboarding
obviously so Jamie just give you a loan
at JB's like gb snowboard I personally
water it's nobody in the Olympics he's
like official like insect screens prove
it it's got Ruth prove it there's and
I'm here like you guys know I like snow
bunny all right so I'm just going to
show you my snowboarding videos show you
Jamie snowboarder video k the difference
is right wait right here we go guys this
is the pro Marcus himself oh man look at
this look at this guy oh yeah tries to
go look at that it misses it he's a
world chocolate himself that lends it
now that is the important part I like
all right guys me yeah that's not me
that's awesome it's not me no I this is
a this is a bit Jamie right oh yeah yep
casual wait till you guys see this next
bit oh yeah oh yeah cool front and back
time yeah cool
that's Jamie Jamie and bassy records he
teach me some of that stuff I don't know
if it happen basically I'm gonna go
snowboarding with Jamie India yeah video
to God and he was like because I told my
eyes i think i can do like flips and
stuff because of gymnastics you guys
know back on the floor and he's like
yeah and the first day we'll get you
back economics nobel and you guys are
going to have video for this as well
you're going to see it all in motion so
that day we thought yeah here we are we
are strolling the River Thames doing a
little bit of sightseeing there is so
many people so many tourists and I look
like a tourist now because I'm coming
London and everyone walking past
probably thinks I'm making like a
holiday video or something but yeah we
just come for a stroll the weather's
turned out nice we walk past like this
fresh coconut thing ever you get hookers
and they chop the top off and you can
drink out them but Nero us had any money
and I feel been to firefighting here one
of this girl so on the hunt for another
coconut and a cashpoint somehow okay so
we were just stumbled upon this market
as we're walking back to Waterloo saw a
girl Jamie saw this girl with this
coconut and I was like she's got a
coconut just went up this little girl
was like where did you get our if they
just point it down there and then we
found a place but we haven't going to
catch on to get over here cash out and
it's her brown hair so this coconut hunt
has actually turned out pretty well if
we can blind cat six bites you kill
Vince's yeah oh yeah using my phone's
like where's the nearest ATM six comment
as well I was like in London six
kilometers away I don't think so
rookie
so just a little break skaters
pretty cool and i wish i could do do
yeah this guy's going for my son okay
sorry no you've never been on have you
been on for last week on how did you
even do that let's go down I need to do
that at some point this is just a whole
day of adventurous guys he was an adult
as well sorry oh why we came from there
we literally just walk from here we walk
all the way down there allow you come
back to ask someone apparently there's
one in here somewhere in there so we're
going to try and find this and then we
can get a coconut yes we're going to
breathe not getting soaked by walking
down here that's all right
hey down the stairs we're going into
this building this has got to be the
biggest hunt in the world for a cash
bonus where update oh I know you can't
see me sorry about that okay we found a
cache coin literally we found one art
through some massive building and now
we're heading back to this coconut then
it's down here and we reunited with a
coat on once again yes yes oh yes a slug
Oh water man I'm so good watermelons
like what if there's a better cook
the other ones were like what I think
there's another different yeah let's
have a lot of hands other ones chosen my
coconut it's being sliced
oh my god that food smells so good go I
don't thank you very I don't know that's
just how life goes get the cash machine
was Sonia de platicar yet oh yes thank
you and then when I camera battery died
literally as lows mid filming uh
basically to give you a quick rundown
after that me and Jamie had our drinks
and then Jamie left to go back to do
some snowboarding stunt crazy then
and then I just went back home and
chilled that evening so didn't really
get that much either but any I hope you
guys enjoyed the wrong it was really
awesome funny and out and meet Jamie
hopefully we'll do some stuff together
in the future so I'll be cool and yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed it alright see you
guys tomorrow back
