what is up guys so we are on our way to
a book launch of miss Giovanna Fletcher
who we met for the first time when we
were going to mcbusted when Tom invited
us and we sat in like the family and
friends box and we were like in there
with Ellie Goulding and his family and
stuff and we were like everyone in there
knew each other and we didn't know
anyone who felt a little bit like hey
guys but yeah we got to chat her and she
was lovely and then we spoke to her in
the off spot as well and she invited us
to her book launch and I didn't actually
realize that she had like three books
before which is insane and we have lunch
now whilst we're on the way I was just
thinking I was looking at people with
sat in traffic I was looking down that
the people walking past and I was saying
how weird is that
literally at 70% of you walking past
we're using a phone that I notice is
getting a bit deep but like how do
people actually cope 20 years ago not
even looking here turn a few guys you
guys are gonna take part in this
experiment these this woman has on her
phone that that woman has listening to
music she's used it all the way over as
you can see this one was a synth music
he's on his fight she's on her fire as a
bus there
we're going a bit too fast food he's on
his phone he's got his phone in his hand
he's on his fine she's on her phone
this guy's on his phone there I realized
you can't see what I'm pointing out
again he's on his phone she's on her
phone literally every person is on my
phone and I was just saying here
thinking how weird is that 20 years ago
people didn't have these thing no even
that on me about 10-15 years ago name is
on her phone no she's sat and on her
phone this guy in the closet in his
phone it's weird right
what's gonna be the next thing like that
yeah I use my time but what's gonna be
the next thing that is invented that
people become obsessed with that's
what's weird think about in the future
what are we going to be using that we
don't no one knows about now and in 20
years everyone what happened
interesting thought for today's vlog
okay I've just read oh nothing I know
that it's filming thing because we just
figured out it's the same place that Zoe
had that and I started filming
comportment
shouted out
down here isn't that this is the penguin
yes but this is where it was like we got
shout so
there is a virgin active this is pet is
a common with penguin it's the whole
thing was their rooftop in this one it's
such a nice day we've I've been asleep
inside or then I can't remember what
this one that back inside there was two
separate rooms
it might know min same place I do
remember this I've locked the going
through here there's some lifts there
and we had to walk all the way through
here to get till on but let this is it's
my visitor pass
I'm very satisfying about how they've
killed that page all the things that
Giovanna likes the most
so muffins with an incredible amount of
ice in prayer O'Shea's and custom paint
enough challenges for this is London any
time rooftop I'm I'm like I have to film
this for you guys but considering it's a
nice day oh look no wait didn't we walk
past that what was that another one when
we came from walk down here the other
day there's all these boats that are
like moored here constantly and they
turn into like restaurants and clubs and
stuff ok this one down here will those
people just hanging out on a boat I
think that that would actually be so fun
to do can we do that one time I think I
actually had a picture of mr. Sok so
Claire right about there facing out that
way 10 marks points if you find on your
Instagram on his Instagram I think it
was on his ins also haven't used markers
quite for me
okay does this make you guys feel funny
already do-do-do-do-do they're very
funny so it's hard work but at the end
of it when you have making very powder
it's just it just a great feeling
so today how people reading it and
enjoying it it's brilliant
so yeah buddy look at that big old piece
of meat but that is huge
we've come to STK look how fancy is in
Bob's got a salad we just got these side
broccoli carrots mushrooms and onions
and a big ol bit of steak moldy horrible
smelling cheesy bread that's right there
are little goodie bags it's like what's
in my bag what Oh
after dinner we have just had dinner
comment to you that all that I offer
it's but not after it I love that they
don't have wrapper on
neutral outfit very good
would you like a chocolate driver I
think they're onto a good in
in looks I mean I mean it looks a bit I
wish I'd open that one oh that's mine
what color is a unique lesson anyone's
read it is so you know that's the brand
yeah that's her name
no the name of the color bow Tanic red
you can't miss a red otherwise every red
course it's Marian all got different
names little red person on that's the
name of the color you can't just say red
gone
okay well now five-nation smells citrus
shores bother shower gel
we like citrus Hey she smells very very
good
nice now
good is there any nice diet poisoned us
for our roundup all fades what's in my
bag so actually your habit is very neat
and organized properly oh yes my Satmar
Bob my powder all those times that I get
this is actually so good this is um you
know 300 happy yeah it's so good the
reason it's so good it's because it's
bare minerals yeah perfecting nails the
perfecting once oh it's so great because
you get this well like one so it's a
brush in here somewhere babies when you
when your doctor can use the brush yeah
sometimes you do it's the first thing
the brush sort of smooth it in my really
comes out that's what I find best anyway
and it's great as well if you got a
mirror to look at yourself doing it so I
really rate this bareMinerals best skin
perfecting
visual fail fail I mean I met Vail seven
out of ten that one only a seven
yeah it could be better if it included
its own brush you didn't get a brush
though in their compact they're missing
out on opportunities
oh yes this is my hmm I used to the
first time tonight it's really nice one
of my all-time classics this is a
classic classic this is the this is the
Maybelline no it's not Maybelline no
real oh yes of course this is the Moriya
Paris
yes Maybelline's maybe your Maybelline
L'Oreal second one to you've got maybe
your work maybe a word you work maybe
it's L'Oreal may believe maybe you maybe
your worth why are you going Irish
that's what it is
my favorite that is nice complete I
can't believe you actually did go
through everything in my bag well the
rest this was boring oh wait you've got
oh yes of course my vintage buck like
sunglasses yeah they're not vintage
they're from Topshop talks well it's
very vintage these days okay
your fashion mogul your look is actually
gonna be about 35 minutes long you've
been rambling on for about 10 minutes
about the bags today and that's all
matters do you have a bag not only of my
vintage coz we love the vintage thank
you I'm a vintage esque right now good
night guys can't see fan but thumbs up
the video if you enjoyed it leave me a
comment below and I will see you guys
tomorrow
good bye
