uh-oh how do you think I'm doing this
guise of silence whisper oh yeah hey
guys now today's video is gonna be a
little bit different obviously it's not
a daily vlog and it's more of a sit-down
video because I wanted to chat to you
about something now if you've watched a
lot of my videos on this channel you
will be well aware that I have a big
interest in health fitness and it's a
it's a big passion of mine the first
time I've already talked about on this
channel is when I did a kind of my body
transformation and talked about like
really briefly the foods in exercise and
all that kind of stuff I did but I only
touched knit really briefly well I get
asked a lot about my workout routines
and how if I'm gonna do an event
I'll prepare for that event so as you
may or may not know I have worked with
Volvic before on a whole load of
different videos however they basically
challenged me to complete Tough Mudder
hmm now if you're not sure the Tough
Mudder is tough mudder is an obstacle
course of n that's run worldwide and
it's basically around about a 12 mile
run right that sounds insane as it is
and in between those twelve miles you've
got like crazy obstacles to get over it
might be like running through little
things that electrocute you or climbing
over massive hay barrels all these
absolutely insane things and probably
challenged me to do that and I was like
yeah you know me fitness health I'd love
to do that there was a whole video that
they made over on their channel which
I'll leave a link to at the end of the
video and it's honestly like so awesome
but yeah moving on to this video what I
thought I'd share with you is how I
prepare for that event in terms of the
foods that I a but also what was my
workout routine how did I prepare my
body to run 12 miles like that is insane
what I was worried about mainly was the
running aspect actually physically
moving my body 12 miles I've never run
that distance before in my life tip for
anyone doing yes the running is the
hardest part anyway in preparation for
this event I did lots of different
training I did a lot of the
and leg workouts this might be squats
this might have been lunges this might
be an explosive power movements all of
that stuff is because you're gonna be
using your legs a lot a lot jumping a
lot of explosive stuff a lot of running
so I had to think about building the
muscles in my legs and like making sure
I wasn't just gonna cramp up and be like
oh my god I had to do a lot of running
now when I first got into like fitness
and health and that I was running about
three times a week averaging about 5k
and in the last six eight months before
training for this event I kind of just
stopped running as much now I don't have
a particular reason for that I just kind
of stopped I kind of slowed myself back
into it by running like between three
and five K's so once - twice a week once
I got comfortable doing that
I was then kind of just averaging
between like five and seven K and just
maintaining those but I started to bring
in things like hill sprints or running
slow for 20 seconds then sprinting fast
for 10 seconds running slow fit like
interval training that's cool but Tough
Mudder isn't just an endurance event
about running at a certain speed like a
marathon it's not really like that
there's a lot of there's waiting around
sometimes you have to go fast on my mind
you have to jump really quickly might
pull your body weight up there's a lot
of different elements involved in it so
both running long distance at constant
speed was good training but also the
explosive Hill sprint jumps all that
kind of stuff was also gonna help me and
complete English I guess as Volvox set
me this challenge I was like okay can I
bring a couple of mates so I brought two
of my friends Max and Dave long to do it
with me no here we are boys
I'm eight that's going you ready I'm
fresh that's right
but what I want to talk about now it's
like the food's leading up to it because
like a week before it was happening I
was kind of like oh wait I'm doing Tough
Mudder
with Volvic this weekend and they're
filming it and they're making this
insane video out of it I need to like
make sure my body is fueled with these
foods always I'm gonna fail what it's
not gonna be a good video and I'm gonna
like embarrass myself I can't complete
and it's just gonna be a big old waste
of time
so with that in mind about three days
prior to Tough Mudder when I was in
Amsterdam actually I think I probably
mention in my vlogs I was like right I
did some research and I need to carb
load carb loading is quite
self-explanatory you load your body with
carbohydrates not to get too scientific
because I'm not sure how correct what
I'm gonna say is gonna be but the reason
for that is when you're doing a long
distance event or when your body's
working at a high intensity for a long
period of time in these energy sources
and it needs to be able to get to those
energy sources quickly carbohydrates are
the quickest energy source to break down
and use as energy so if you fill your
body full of and fun and fun and full of
carbohydrates you're gonna have loads
and loads and loads of simple easily
accessible energy to use if you run out
of that use of carbohydrates or you have
none at all your body's gonna fail like
it's gonna go to other areas of your
body to try and break down like it's
going to try and break down fat to use
for energy which is this is a much
longer process scientifically how it
works then breaking down carbohydrates I
think this is all like my own research
as does that don't like quote me on this
for life anyway the self and that was to
make your diet between 70 and 90 percent
carbohydrates which for me I don't even
that many carbohydrates was like insane
so in the morning to breakfast I was
having either porridge I was having outs
in my cereal as well as like jam on
toast which I wouldn't usually have but
for an event like this everything in
there even though there's a lot of sugar
in there and stuff is all like easily
accessible and I'm
needing that energy over the next few
days a lot of bananas a lot of fruit for
lunch I was having either sweet potato
dishes as the main bulk of the meal I'd
also be having a lot of pasta at dinner
as well pasta majorly kolben it up I got
my pasta it's just so weird for me guys
I had a piece of bread here focaccia
bread saying like that ambassador so
yeah I don't want to go too much into
that bit was just a lot of carbohydrates
the morning before the event when we
woke up I was actually really nervous so
before that I had what I have had some
Weetabix I had some fruit on top of that
we do vixx I had some porridge
any small portions of this because you
don't want this you want to eat low it's
just free of how to go run 12 miles and
that set me up nicely about 3:00 it like
said about three hours before so your
body's got time to digest those last
carbohydrates and store them and then
obviously throughout the race it's very
important to make sure you stay hydrated
and Volvox sponsors Tough Mudder so
luckily there is like Volvic water
stations every couple of miles or so so
you get that happy water snacking is
very important what I ate maybe lasted
me to about five or six miles before I
started feeling a bit shaky I could feel
maybe a slight bit of crap coming so I
needed to like re inject some fast like
sugary foods into my body to access just
for the pure energy of like completing
that race I had little food bars like
nine bars Polson's bananas and yeah that
was basically my food preparation and
training for Volvox challenge of me
doing tough mother like I said the video
of me and collaboration with Warwick and
Tough Mudder is in the description did I
finish it or not finish I don't know go
check it out but yeah like I said I know
this video is obviously not a daily vlog
and it's a lot different to the daily
vlog stuff but yeah sometimes I do like
to sit my camera down be a bit more
serious with you guys especially with
like the health and fitness stuff
because I know some of you and I know
maybe only a small proportion of you
guys that watch these videos that are
interested in this stuff but I do like
to share because it's part of my life so
yeah if you do enjoy this stuff and you
want more like different types of
workout routines or more meal stuff like
what I eat in a day all those kinds
things and let me know in the comments
because then I can give you guys some
more of what you're won I guess alright
that's it for today's video
I'm not video enjoy that and I will see
you beautiful people tomorrow go back
well I saw no one hitting about our
debut I just went for it and blew up
like a whole hand on that balance yes
