what is up guys I have got a special
package to open with you in the who know
minuto right here you gonna find out all
the ads in a minute but in the meantime
I'm just about to eat this just got this
from a place called juice boo boo yeah
we go good it likes it it's like a kale
salad shout to the cow squad and a a
green protein smoothie 100 playlists
that I made on Spotify I can't not sing
when those kind of songs come on I just
get in this spirit and I'm like just I
just go for it you know sorry I've been
sat here working all day but what you
know what time it is boys and girl and
he gets the best what it is but I ever
get all they ever gets for 5 seconds 5 4
3 2 1
I don't know how you're gonna know what
it is really let's open it shall we
bad boys and girl okay this is possibly
the most satisfying unwrapping I've ever
done there is something about Apple
products the unboxing them makes them
feel nice I've given it away there we go
there we go oh oh oh oh to know if you
can see that yes I caved in all right I
got one
let me explain now why I got one this is
it what I didn't expected to come in a
box this long it's a watch
right
you can bloody can come on come on you
bastard
is there gonna be under here soon as we
lift it up whoo no it's not this is what
we've got
there's also some nice leaves in here to
make it oh that I know I would
the whole thing just came up I thought
the lid would open like that so that one
in stinks huh
oh what a fail this is how I caught it
like that and it was dangling like that
to the floor this is it here we go this
is my Apple watch focus on the watch
dude not me folks I'm not there we have
that boys and girls that is what I have
got it was quite cool this shot know how
to zoom down on the watch and on my face
basically the reason I got a few laughs
just turned it on the reason I got an
Apple watch I went for that for watch
sport as you guys know I am obviously
very much into my sport I thought this
would be great for running so as I'm
gonna start doing a lot more running I
thought this would be awesome to track
my heart rate track calories track maps
distances like all the stuff that you
kind of want when running and it's very
very lightweight so I've had one morning
watch before in the past and it was very
chunky and it broke and it was heavy and
uncomfortable where I tried this on in
the store and it was actually like you
can see how thin it is you have thin
that edge and it's very lightweight and
yeah that's basically the main reason I
went for this watch so there we go now
I'm just gonna spend some time sitting
up so don't actually know what you're
gonna do with it so I'm gonna come back
to you guys when it's working guys look
it's doing something
it's sawing itself out yeah in the
meantime Lost Highway
crack open this juice from juice baby
raw cold-pressed juice what's in this
one I got leafy greens cucumber and
celery bit of pineapple to make it
sweeter and lemon just to add a natural
flavorings in I got so excited why's
cooking also hampstead it's really smoky
don't know if you guys can see that
definitely doesn't miss my cue though I
forgot to film it
oh I didn't forget dick so they're nice
I had a couple of bites from so I want
to show you what I mean because it's
amazing it smells amazing
this is why cook doesn't know that
growing out of started but I've got some
steak with some chopped spring onion it
was sweet potato broccoli and peppers
leftover from yesterday and some leafy
greens yeah do you this did you know how
I can tell you being on a shoot today
yeah but you have you you look like the
one from the Black Swan your eyes know
they do big circle things on it yeah
that's the one when you're on a shoot
they always do that but you don't they
get very nice you know what guys I feel
really bad saying this you guys probably
gonna some of what we gonna be like oh
my god have you never done that I've
never watched Family Guy before never
watched it of course it's been on a
background in someone's house but I've
never sat down and actually watched an
episode I feel like this is big won't in
time as I'm gonna be losing my Family
Guy virginity and I thought I'd share
that with you because why not
this is see it sees this is Season one
Episode one I'm just about started am I
going to be in for a future love of
Family Guy
what are you doing with your smelly feet
oh yeah am I gonna be another family guy
that is the question of the day who say
I feel really cool dang this oh it did
work it does to face me oh yeah and I
got that guy's dirty oh oh is blank lift
it up Oh
unnecessarily fancy goods off yeah oh
because it knows when you lift it to you
sit down when you move it around like
this it only goes on when you freak out
you just maybe that's because I twist my
wrist like that even if I sit here see I
can move it like that is it going on as
soon as I just freakin to me isn't that
clever I haven't figured out what you
can even do with this thing yet but it's
kind of cool note to self
you can't vlog and film your watch
because I need to touch it but you get
my notifications through here is quite
cool like all my tweets and stuff from
people I thought I came through here so
well that was pretty cool
righty-ho guys I am going to bed now so
whoa that's a we have a new thing over
there I think I just spat on my glasses
I did just spill my glasses that thing
what is that that is new knowing me
smart what have you got I don't know
what it is she's in the bathroom but
that I've never seen that before if you
enjoyed this video leaving a like rating
leaving a comment always is appreciated
I love reading your guys comments on the
Dave Boggs so yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow with another video goodbye
