Oh Deary Deary me I have just finished
filming the first part of my new video
going up this Friday as you can see the
blog set up this is my user it means
your background
I don't know I'm out of breath think
it's because I just ran from downstairs
should get myself a snack I've got a
couple of meetings coming up soon and
then yeah it's gotta come to meetings oh
yeah guys look at this lunch I've got
chicken whole load of veg spinach yeah
basically yummy
yay first picnic snack complete its
blueberries and strawberries switch
container why not add all the rest of
those strawberries yeah
using leftover quinoa that we made the
other night
most importantly games they're
reshuffling picnicbasket complete so we
have just finished a couple of meetings
I've had meetings of Lucy and I like to
a check over there and now we're gonna
go have a picnic because why not
basically let's go on a picnic let's go
on a pitch has you strolling him no
picnic basket actually do thank you
look at the pretty little clouds clouds
are weird right
or even aren't out the sky looks blue
let's go have a picnic
this looks so unbelievably Instagram of
all I went for a mango passion fruit
yogurt cappuccino seeing it we're going
for a picnic and kind of feeling a bit
summery so I thought to myself holidays
and on a picnic picnic most important is
our game whatever you call this game
this is actually the picnic stuff setup
picnic time
oh my god those strawberries are
actually amazing as you can see we
haven't got loads of food that's because
it's not actually technically lunch time
right now but who says you can't eat
Pikmin 3 when it's not lunch right
removing guys we're moving we've just
run up in the shade when the Sun is
literally like a few me is that way
gonna move come on then my handbag no
biggie
pretty jerk well everything what are we
doing here we are
hello juggling lesson because I'm such a
pro as you guys saw in my vlog few days
ago that I got 20 joggers in a row I was
pretty impressed with that now I can't
really seem to do it but I thought I'd
try and teach Alex how's Joe go first of
all you want just work at throwing that
with that there you go right next you're
going 1-2 ok so that's coming over up
there and as that's coming down you
throwing that one yeah amazing that one
so then that sands down there and that
goes down there and as that's going down
they throw that stealth logging when he
thinks the camera isn't Arnie's much
better what's your name
don't we go boy yeah police follow
Coulomb on Jimmy shoes nice new outfits
but name isn't new new stuff I've just
got funny shoes on the gym wasn't really
having much energy in there
do you didn't really like the gym it was
so brought it up and never seen a gym
busier that was so many people than
there is because when we went in the
evening we never use you own evening so
that everyone from work is there at this
time there's like three classes on and
like everyone was everywhere but yeah
it wasn't wasn't as fun as I thought it
would be people and the tube sometime oh
yeah
rocking that hair I don't know what to
do of my hair because when you showered
and when I have nothing in my hair and
obviously at night so I'm gonna do my
hair it just flops down let's go 1 upon
sin hang 2 goes my eyes 3 it's just
irritating tickles my nose so what can I
do to get out of my head oh yeah shut
this thing on
not like that obviously this little ones
cooked us dinner I've made the bed I'll
show you we've got some new bedding
later and I have got two mountains of
rice really really sexy smelling curry
it's very hidden in Bob joy drums in the
household guys can you hear this lesson
at first I thought that was someone's
calling on them definitely sounds like a
house along NIM wants to go and
investigate sure you go investigate do
you want to go and investigate that is
very true remember when we had that
thing I mean at that screen and they
called the police you guys remember her
and our old flat let's go one more have
a look see if we can zoom and if we do
Jonathan and squash them to the forelock
but oh it stopped
it's literally just stopped oh no drama
in in the in the London area
raaah bed in the bed's not even made
properly but I made the bed earlier with
me reading and just gospel thanks as I'm
gained read in a minute so what's the
point
my guys sick hair look like a mushroom
she legit look like a mushroom was there
I hope you have enjoyed today's video
and I will see you guys oh whoops
um oh there we go I will see you guys
tomorrow
I'm really enjoyed it good back
