oh yeah morning everybody let's try
coffee learn ice your own homemade iced
coffee add a little bit of water bam bam
Jim bam bam but um mmm amazing and i got
my breakfast here you're gonna go
upstairs and chill on the laptop I want
you well yeah and I don't even know what
that I love this oh I'm really did that
song right now i am logged in about
three or four hours because I all of
something felt really really sick haha
yeah I was about to say a common with
like I think I did tell you that name
his mom in the airport was feeling
really ill she something started she
felt travel sick when we went to the
airport and then all of a sudden she was
like I think I'm gonna be sick and
Kotlin story short she was really ill
she kept being sick like on the plane
and stuff really really awful it turns
out she had a bug and then when i sent
that for now I was like oh my god I feel
really sick and I was like feel really
tired no energy I was oh my god I'm
gonna be all like that then I had a
bracha know me maybe one of those
brokers know that like those bright
orange luminous things that make you
piss like a lightsaber yeah when you
have a way you have a look at the color
of your week and now I feel a lot better
which is good involved uterus I mean you
made me a prophet in Bob well done
brofist to that look at these cute
little oranges they're so small our job
on their try son I'm trying today just I
don't know if I'm gonna be able to do
still have enjoyed a long time always
still almost got it Oh God look for
making all kind of weird faces let's try
and get ten one two three four 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
ah look at this guy's this is this box I
I thought this was something else which
i think is coming tomorrow but already
open to us because they cut my address
and I no offense much I love you guys I
don't mean to see where I live look what
it is mmm look who's face that is that
is marquis papa everyone the cow famous
I am haha hey this is actually so cool
for me I don't think I've ever been on a
cover of a magazine I never a dust-up
does never happen before that's insane
that that is my little face on a
magazine so I did this shoot a couple of
months back and it's now here and I want
to see the pictures I haven't even seen
as myself yet this man it will face on
the cover so this is blogosphere
magazine for bloggers about bloggers
issue number six and apparently they
said you can get this in some wh smith
stores which is freaking amazing and you
can also buy them online through their
site there's my face on the first page
that's so cool deliver there is the man
himself marcus butler that's me guys
this is so cool I've done a whole indigo
outlook it's so cool and oh there's a
picture hey I like that picture is so
cool and that picture gonna see an in
Bob oh you'd have to read it yet but
let's look at the pics first oh I like
do you like that one Oh get your posle
yeah check me out maybe I've got so many
of these but how many I've got this
whole box is full of these so i might do
some giveaways with these if you guys
want let me know in the comments section
if you'd like me to do your work do
something cool
the nation with my book or just sign
someone give them out some you guys for
to say that I might just do that you
know I will do something with all those
magazines but first I need to find out
what I can and can't do in competitions
in terms of YouTube because I think
there's some kind of like things you can
and can't do so I should probably find
out before I just say hey guys do this
that is that and then I'll you might get
this I don't want you to be like you're
not allowed to do that for we are
cooking up some dinner boys and girls
name is in charge with quinoa and I've
been in charge of steak for me not in
Bob actually I've been in charge of
spice and sweet home and my steak see
going to change the cam there's my stake
in here make sure that's not too hot
because I don't want you to cook anymore
yeah it's run Kesha testing that's
normally your job no that is not my job
whoever cooks on it cleans up nice
whatever cook so it doesn't keep cooks
on it clean their sat down for dinner I
got mistake with two were they prevent
no flippin garlic and the quinoa Jim
Bob's got the same but she's got mushy
much rooms alright guys know me has made
us something that you probably can't see
through here but you can kind of see it
its sons not focusing it's some
strawberries and berries and some of my
absolute favorite that she makes the
cookie dough is it kudos good with
cashew butter mmm tastes the same ready
does it I'm gonna dig in and we're
watching some suits
baby yeah we're two and a half seasons
episodes in seat seasons in and we still
don't know the words for the intro I
don't think anyone does oh wow this is
it I flee living into the TV to get a
last bit of light good night guys like
we have enjoyed this vlog good video a
thumbs up and thank you for watching
commenting sharing for all those things
that you do on my videos I appreciate it
all right bye
