good morning guys look what I'm oh hello
oh I'm just a few over there
yep morning I was about to say look what
I've got I've got a passport because we
are going to pay for the day I think I'm
gonna actually get to explore Paris I'm
going over there to talk carriage talks
I kind of do
I'm just going over to do another I'm
going all ears right actually but I
don't know we're all ears right now you
might be on the train way but
habituation is I don't know doing this
weird we're getting a train but it's
like an airport like you have to
obviously I'm going to another country
so you gotta have your passport but oh
hey yeah of course even says bon voyage
as you cross through there now fancy for
a train travel to get the monkeys but
this is my ticket this is my seat Paris
Nord
here I come this is literally the
weirdest thing it's like full-on airport
security this is so odd whirring a total
film at 12:01 to pay it is now 1250 no
11:50 probably cut that little bit short
it says it o many fella it's a pretty
big old station
it's pretty insane it's a long train as
well these are our seats this town I
think Ollie and his like managed dude is
coming here they're not on the train
right now it's leaves in 10 minutes
no six seven minutes eight minutes only
might miss the train unless he's already
run mym very fast
there is 21 what's up hi Dan
how's it going
I don't know why I said Hayden's I've
been on the trail about but I've been
chatting away for ages that was just
really take the blog we are now in
France in the France don't know where
but when someone runs headed towards
Paris I was expecting to be in a black
tunnel like most of the truth I'm
wearing in that but why quick isn't yeah
thing like we're in another how far to
the earth is insane
all he nearly didn't make it because all
the cars pour ceux qui tam air this
morning basically we're doing like a
talk today and I was I just trying to
prepare like just think about the points
I was wanting to do and work up a little
bit lay also so yeah we just get on the
train to Paris oh so why don't even
possible I'm not going on a flight
stupid in just walked out and it got to
the airport and then my God if I see
your passport like
and I thought he was joking I thought
genuine he was joking because that you
need a passport like that cause though I
tell you solid a college where I was I
think I think I was going to miss his
train so it's mostly on train mate
here's like choice Buddha for no but an
absolute massive over
the pea feel bit French already
let's put a little bit warm here isn't a
sure until I feel that little bit toasty
now this is probably not Paris to show
you in a minute in a train station
have you prepared yeah no no I don't
know kind of so prepared I only get some
our train is that yeah I've got got
cards I was like panning I was like um
nothing but you know how I save it you
just like a wing I just can't wait I get
really nervous before them then when I'm
up there I just go for it and hopefully
it sounds alright so I'm kind of hoping
that's the case you're really gonna go
out there and be like oh yeah I really I
know I'm gonna be at the front cheering
you on
right great nice nice yeah I don't know
it's gonna be I don't how much keeping
me that they're gonna be like you know
French control oh that's my god be like
well is you will just mean you have to
speak quite soon because obviously if
they are French or they - and every word
you're saying
so that would be another element of
stress added in life in Paris oh yeah it
was lovely a Whitney here
yeah pairs are strike taxi strike in
Paris
so I thought they're nice
yes I feel like I should be filming any
moment I can whilst we're at Paris
creatures growl apart we're going to
walk to this venue speed and then
literally go back I think so I didn't
realize how close
Clarence was to London but you can get
here with me you can get to Edinburgh or
even Manchester out there that's time
inspired me to want to go and do it trip
to Paris we fall upon them early for Pan
Am Pan Am oh this looks nice very fancy
only guys now I'm going to make some
breakfast to show people what you're
maintained and it's fascinating because
people really like watching and some
people prefer watching vlogs then main
channel videos because they really feel
like they're a part of your life like
once they sort of get involved in these
videos they feel like they can't miss
one so people go away you'll get a funny
tweet if someone's going to wait for
like a week on holiday they're like oh
my god now but like a whole week of
videos to catch up on and plus all the
videos that you're putting out it's a
fridge and it's a like what even is that
I've never seen that before
tonight one touch it what is no it's not
oh my god there's a touchscreen fridge
same oh my god this is what you need
isn't it let's put our videos on there
you can't your owner look Marcus you're
ruining it
oh god I am ruin air oh god it's like
this minimize minimize how insane is
that that's a touchscreen fridge I need
that in my life
how does it work I mean what whoa this
guy's just like yeah that is cool I know
you've broken up oh my god sighs back is
back I think it possible all right I
would imagine so it might be a little
bit on this sorry yeah yeah I think
there is graduate lows is pretty cool
that that is a cool thing another news
uploading here is taking two hours so
I'm adding video and seeing two hours so
that's great my small little cup of
coffee and see Marcus but that's his
phone what's going on I don't know what
Ollie just vlog but um I think she
walked back and I was like Holly where's
my phone no good it's just in his pocket
right so Marcus is got about to have a
go on an oculus rift how you feeling
good
after seeing that reaction I'm nervous
right this thing's crazy isn't it this
side you fill out your genuinely
horrible oh no oh god I can see that
drop car yeah yeah I can let you see
over there it looks so crazy oh good oh
good
only with my side is unfair okay it's
big yeah yeah oh this is the weirdest
thing I feel I can't stand up you nearly
falling over if I go up in the sky oh my
god hahahaha my god there's a million
saying
what perfect as insane as crazy the
traffic in various doesn't move that is
cool oh is that something Brant some of
that is please it was taking so long in
the car that we've decided to hop out
and walk we are going to be getting on
the train back in about an hour but
we're all very very hungry so
casual riding a motorbike on the
pavement as she do cash I feel like this
is what traffic in India would be like
traffic in India would be like Alex we
nearly killed someone on a bike alleys
alleys opened the door and early here
cyclists off oh yeah oh bloody hell
this is an unbelievably stressful
we want to drive around it let alone
write a play are you waving at
Portia have anyone where you're doing
five seconds five four three two one and
a half I'll let you have that one
wow what a lad Olli why pretty-pretty
station that is an alley looks pretty
nice yeah it looks kind of amazing
I'm trying to come up with really go who
is it
I'm taking a picture no one that you're
ever gonna get traffic Olli
may I must know who that girl is
always going through
it could be could be trouble for Olli
white kid Fiat risky
look at that weird I'm back home and
we've now packed to Spain haven't even
told you about Spain so yet me and I me
are going away again tomorrow for a few
days for names mum's birthday so yeah
that's going to be a fun little
adventure for a few days hopefully and a
little bit of relaxation time if you
enjoyed this blog make sure to give the
video a thumbs up it's bit annoying I
didn't have chance to explore Paris but
hopefully one day soon I can go back see
and how easy it was to get there
Oh see you people on a better day
tomorrow good bye
