good morning that's probably a lot of a
nicer entrance to the vlog if I could
sing but I can't so sorry about that
it's Sunday Funday I think it's gonna be
a really nice day today can't see from
here
but I think it's a really nice day and
I'm going for lunch today with a viewer
I did a charity competition with a
threat to help I wasn't mine it was my
friends Jarrett's competition I helped
him out and I'd say it's not true
somebody who donates well that's
happening today so I think we ended up
raising about 1300 pounds so I'm going
for lunch with someone called Ellen know
me as me has some breakfast right now
good morning boys this Anna Sabol sorry
Bowl I love making these new never
normally no I do like them you just
never usually often mean sorry I thought
you didn't like them no I do that it's
basically what having breakfast by ice
cream oh okay we have a bit of an
accident I just literally went to get
this out of here and I grabbed it like
that because it's an empty cart and it's
full of water and it's literally gone
everywhere when all up now he's like how
is there a cup full of water in our
cupboard who puts that there I'm so
confused
I think it was you as a prize these were
prank me coffee acai bowl protein shake
aqua this is almost very cold on the old
means
it's very dark slew windows yeah what's
the best thing to get
we've got like granola and different
things on the top so just pick what you
want really
and then we blew on it good so here I am
at Angel station by meeting the viewer
it's really weird because I think they
probably know what I look like but I
have no idea what they look like
so the arrangement was to just meet
outside the station so I'm here I'm just
like scouting and giving everyone that
you know it's like mmm is that person
going to be there so there's a weird way
to meet this is what must have been like
to meet people like before phones and
internet was around just that arranged a
time in the place and just rock up and
hope
so I'm here with Ellie well that was
really weird my whole arm
this is LA we've just been for lunch
this sir Elliot Pacey if you didn't know
I think I described it earlier Ellie
right here is the competition winner for
the charity that was having my from
where and we've literally just been for
lunch down at Bill's and we was like we
were there play two hours two and a half
hours three hours just like chatting
about stuff of the night how did you
find it was it cool it was really
surreal we were just talking about so
much stuff like I've never had really a
sit-down chat with anyone who watched my
videos properly and Ellie is one of
these people so we are yeah it's maybe
we just chatted about loads of stuff
it's me and Bob I've decided to explore
or come to the pitiful primrose hill
because it's a little buggy look how
busy it is I kind of thought we could
just come and lie in the Sun and that's
obviously what everyone else has thought
they gonna do on their Sunday - this is
what it's so busy because I have you I'm
so hot looking on a hill no he's gone
off yourself wow we've got our spa
hundreds of other people so nice we were
just saying we made you regret we didn't
bring everyone around like drinks and
food and snacks we didn't really
planning
we didn't plan so I didn't know it's
gonna be like this and you kind of
regret not having anything look at
everyone around with their drinks having
fun and there's us with no water
it's like gun Brown looks like water
it's never done that man it's leaked
everywhere so maybe something went into
it or something
but we can't drink if it smells a bit
funny maybe when you put it in you know
if you don't run this half of goes
cloudy maybe it was that and then it
just smelt funny in their food time and
we got some sushi well I've got some
sushi you've got nothing right now no
means that see you got a rose there got
some tuna and salmon sashimi
we're gonna try this you think okay this
is pretty huh all right are you great
in story building
oh right we've just got back from seeing
that's it hello max phone call Mad Max
oh my god literally insane Wow how do
you even film something like that
so I've stolen this bit put pump it Pump
what pointman up right so there is
saying I want to chat you guys about
like so good some of you may have
realized who may not know you even
realized I haven't uploaded on this
channel I think in two days so I missed
two days blogging but and the reason is
that was I kind of woke up I started
liking the day and then I just had this
kind of down moment where it's like look
I'm literally at home this whole day and
think why I'm filming is just not worth
putting out there not because I'm like
all my vlogs have to be amazingly edited
but I was like where is there a point
where it's like the rug becomes so semi
or so me at home boring like just doing
the same thing where it's like being
repetitive for you guys basically what I
get is I don't really like really know
whether I should continue daily vlogging
or if I should turn it into more like
vlog 3 to 4 days a week when I know I'm
going to be doing stuff because the
blogs were I'm doing stuff when I
actually have something like a fun day
out or something very exciting to film
for the rock I enjoy it more
I love it personally it I feel like it
makes the video fun I'm more
entertaining and I just kind of like
that whereas sometimes when I'm editing
the blog so I've been a whole day I'm
just like is this like I just feel like
it's man like yeah I can't really
describe it so I kind of wanted to open
it up to you guys because you guys are
the ones that watch me on this channel
and I don't want you to just be like Oh
carry on Megan because it's blah blah
like be upfront with it if you like
think be honest with now on
you guys think when it's just a blog
where is a bit more boring home and I
know sometimes you guys like our but we
really like those blogs when is just
your home cooking and we get to see what
you make and stuff but is there a level
like I just worry about it basically
factors as well with this channel I have
daily vlog pretty successfully for
almost a year it may even be a year by
now should check the dates on that but
very close to a year of continuous daily
vlogging and that's like for me yeah
weird internet in the kind of way
because it's like an achievement I never
set out to do I didn't plan to vlog for
free year I was just like oh yeah I'm
just gonna start daily vlogging see how
it goes and then any years combined I'm
just like how has that happened yeah I
don't know daily looking for me is can I
love it because it's like this memory
bank of memories it's like something
that I can look back on all the fun
things I've done and re-watch my life
basically and have those memories there
and say if you guys like I know you guys
like to re-watch some of them or some of
the funniest ones anyway I tried to
experiment having two days off but I can
I was thinking about it so much I didn't
really have time to think about it and
I'm not telling you this I'm like
chatting to you guys because I like
being open on this channel with you my
audience people watching this video yeah
maybe I worry too much just a day in the
office a yeah casual just chillin with
you two lines pal
what an absolute not it's so cute so
cute
those were terribly sheds in seconds
yeah but they love him did you don't see
that yeah would you be scared
it's so weird and I've just been
watching line videos for the past 20
minutes after that video I showed you I
was like mmm let's look at what live
videos I'm gonna wake up again tomorrow
and watch the basketball and then we
have got MD first meeting and of course
give up thumbs up that that helps me a
lot and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
look at that with dimming the lights as
we're going in bye bye buh buh buh buh
buh buh bear
