good morning it's still the morning knob
head I think my camera might die any
minute so if it does I'll see you set
because I get a camera battery um today
is like one of the first days I feel
like I've been well going to be at home
for the majority of the day that's
meaning because I have Ho loaded
deliveries coming today so I was like
right Thursday free in my diary not
doing anything and we have so many house
chores to do like I can't even tell you
how much we've honestly got about eight
different washing loads to do so started
on the washing loads I've gotta send
stuff back to the taste I back to the
post office send it back we've got I had
to do show me a little bit senior like
household insurance council tax like all
these adulti things that but if you guys
live on your own one day you're kind of
you'll realize these things that you
have to do and it's just been my day
this morning I like shower I was like
boom right my list out and I've just
been like scribbling out everything that
I've done so far got take a told you my
camera battery died and I got to get go
to the dry cleaners in a minute cuz I've
got a bunch of like nice shirts that
need to be properly dry cleaned and also
I've got all my snowboarding stuff that
has been by the side of my bed I've done
nothing with because I'm like yeah yeah
dry clean one day and I just never did
so I'm going to take all that stuff and
get that dry cleaned up contact lenses
got go get some more contact lenses I'm
just filling you in on with chores that
I've got to do so that's the plan now
I'm just packaging up boxes to get ready
to take to the post up
alright I'm going to try and brave this
guy's this is this is the bag of God
tape this is all dry cleaning or my snow
with such a shirt and these two they're
not heavy they're just all because
they're big so I'm gonna try and walk
and carry both those and those with a
dodge ankle I just yeah we'll see how it
goes hope that's right yo okay basically
i forgot saying in yesterday's vlog wait
in the robbery coaching right now I've
got some very very exciting news to
share with you and first of all I have a
brand new book mother like this is the
official official official book cover so
I'm going to put picture of that right
there now that's the official cover that
it's actually going to be on the book
itself this insane isn't it just like
that is insane just look up with my face
right here there it is I'm just
imagining over there it's gonna be there
but i'm watching this yeah i'm so
excited about that than this what actual
freaking thing that's it right there yes
that's the first thing i want to show
you secondly on show you is the
opportunity for you to get a signed copy
of my book so i'm doing thing with
Amazon where I'm doing 2,000 copies
signed up my book and you can get those
right now pre-order so if you might not
be able to come to a book tour or if you
want to just get the chance of getting
it now rather than think or we all go to
book signing and maybe me Martin email i
don't know that now be a chance to get a
signed copy so i'm going to be
physically sign 2,000 of those books
with my little face on that and i'm
sending read out some of you guys yeah
that's book stuff
way I think that's what I'd say sign
copies are available if you want to get
one link down their official book cover
revealed I think that's it they'll
probably more politicians and stuff and
book dates I think are coming next week
so book launch is going to be in the
next couple of weeks with knowledge book
tour and all the dates that so yeah keep
your little late lies confer and we made
it chores done dry cleaning drop top
post drop top oh yeah some fresh fruit
juice reduces leader and then it
actually feels like summer now yes oh
dear all my stuff coming up my pockets
we have got a full fridge baby oh yeah
got all our hubs we've got all our fruit
and veg and night we've just face he had
food shop delivery and I've just got
back from getting some more fruit and
veg so lots and lots stuff to eat now
yes like what has just come in the post
mr. Joey Graceffa thurs in real life
book that is Joey in real life boys and
girls there he is oh it's really weird
looks like he's staring into your soul
how I'm holding the camera Oh Joey hey
Joey here's my new book everybody in
real life my journey to a pixelated
world not that sounds anything like Joey
but thanks Joey can't wait to read your
book Bert but my little list of a of
adult things guys oh I've just been
screwing out so as you can see these
were my top something going through
washing being done washing done this
I've still got the clock left to do put
my snowboard stuff away and then film QA
and edit that's what I've got i also got
and just loaded myself up some food and
lunch of just made I've just struggled
to like speak then i have got roasted
broccoli with coconut oil sweet potato
with Cajun spice at two baked chicken
breast with mixed herbs on them
because i'm going to the gym later i'm
going to gym in a while because one Iran
tough mother to my ankles or viously
dodge it it's getting better I can walk
a bit better now but I'm going to go do
smart for yourself in three this
literary sounds like it's about to blow
up guys that normal to the wash machine
we're going on a fun adventure yeah
we're gonna go walk along the Thames
because we've haven't done that so we're
just and it's obviously get a lovely day
and hoping at me a lovely evening so
we're gonna wander along there we are
somewhere no missed until as a surprise
well not always a plan
turn into a little secret sheep station
I
oh we took another trip we're at
Westminster now should I haven't really
explored Westminster coming look at that
big old been fine because people will be
that articles tourists literally the
tubes that live he'll be like people
taking pictures of themselves that is
Westminster I'm Big Ben it's free is
pretty nuts really isn't it I mean it's
not that tool but the building is
actually insane
the details
oh I love being
London if you've never been to London
here you go his Marky bat bats tour
guide on London lovely London I was
built about 10 years ago actually maybe
15 years ago you got the River Thames
you have
a boat when
but that boat has been there for five
months this Paddington bears boat not
really sure what else is over there and
then you've still got big bed over there
where we go Marcus is really scaring me
up here well that looks so cool hey that
would make such a cool photo right now
yeah but leg so he's on here with mother
Jane Doe really scares me it's cool to
get the picture oh god this makes me
really nervous no oh my god no I feel
like you should get down now no
definitely not
okay not really nice people secretly day
no i don't oh yeah front a little place
called Leon where she came here off is
so
we've got crushed mint piece on at each
you got all that it's really rude here
hey and I got ya buddy we've gone for a
cocktail course we're rebels it's bad
what is yours looks like a margarita
it's dr. Jensen okay yeah yay blue
planet witches from 2001 which I didn't
know name is obsessed since she's a kid
he told me she's like lettuce washes
when the new plan and I'm waking up
early so I can watch the basketball the
finals I've recorded so I probably gave
the gym so yeah I'm gonna do that wait
thousand times like this video if you
enjoyed their things been man's and
thanks for watching and I'll see you
guys tomorrow goodbye
