hey what's up I today's vlog is a little
bit different
basically yesterday it's a bowtie
machinist yesterday spent a whole day
filming something for this channel which
will see and maybe a week or so so I
didn't have time to film anything else
in that day for that daily blog because
that vlog is gonna be uploaded in like a
week or something so you'll see what
that comes out so basically lady I still
wanted to upload saying for you guys
because I really really enjoyed you know
having that daily blog kind of where I
do post something every day and even
though it's not gonna be a vlog I just
kind of like doing quick Q&A of you guys
so I'm just gonna start a quick Q&A
basically I hope that's alright if you
enjoy these Q&A is randomly then make
sure to give this video a thumbs up so I
know maybe to do a few more of these on
my vlog Channel I do do q and A's on the
main channel but they're more like funny
stuff as well so I know let me know
alright and partner my drug camera is
currently balanced on a candle just
alright let's do this I'm just sat back
to my chair can't face forward and the
knees are hitting the thing but make
 out of ten how much do you enjoy
kale so sorry hi
on Twitter turned light into the chaos
squad and just talking about how much I
like kale and anything I tweet you tweet
something about kale related so OB so
that's funny I like kale yes I like cat
a lot in which country would you like to
live in right now I'm very happy living
in England if I was going to live
anywhere else right now it would
probably be America and probably be LA
just because I like the lifestyle that I
was about to say the culture not the car
which I just the lifestyle suits me
underwear they're like ah look outside
now proper blue sky and sunny it's like
that every day in LA summer winter thing
is I love the idea of winter when it
when it's summer I'm like oh yeah love
it to be cold and wear jumper and wrap
up warm as soon as it's winter I'm like
okay when the is there gonna be
someone because let's be honest no one
likes being spat in the face with cold
wind and rain right and the bad and the
bad weather I do
snows acceptable I do like some snow
favorite song atm now we get better
blood as you know that's myself isn't it
Alfie and his love for Taylor a was your
favorite series / TV show right now I'm
watching suits no he's never seen I've
watched like two episodes before but now
Amy's never seen all of it so we started
again and now we're both loving seats
did you enjoy school at the time no
looking back on it yes like your with
some of your best friends or some any
friends whatever every single day and
you don't really appreciate that at the
time like if you guys were at school
think about when you're older you don't
get to your friends know in here as much
as you get the time to spend them at
school so make most of it and appreciate
it it's Margaret releasing a book uh-huh
no but she is featured in my book so
yeah be prepared to see a little snippet
of Mar just as like a tiny tiny snippet
of Margaret in my book in my book very
windy through the hair I'm just
complaining that I'm very uncomfortable
do you have any pets if so please show
us to them I show us then I don't have
any pets I do it my family house here I
haven't I love a little cat and a dog
but right now I just I don't know that's
gonna happen right now it's sometime
very soon yes right now know when you
announcing your book in our cool hair
bro we're here housing your book tour
very very soon like the final dates and
places are being confirmed as
speak like I saw a list the other day of
the places also I'm hoping to come to
I'm gonna try and do a lot like I think
think it's around 12 to start with like
I think that's quite a lot in terms of a
tour so that me coming to so many
different places and hopefully meeting
as many of you guys as it's physically
possible how long did it take to create
/ edit videos complete depends daily
vlogs can take anything from 20 minutes
to an hour to edit but a main Channel
video can take anything from I guess
three maybe like four hours up to like a
full solid day or maybe two days because
it's like if I do sketched up there's so
many different scenes very different
like camera different different like
switches and transitions and music and
finding music is just like flipping I
was gonna say time roof but it's just
long it in its own like sitting there
trying to sit through like the finding
the right music is is like time
consuming what's the most ticklish part
of your feet Marcos toes heels arches in
step four foot et cetera
never heard that question but to be
honest any pop about that any part of my
foot just don't go near my feet they're
not meant to be tickled they don't think
of them can you say something in Dutch
well I guess you're just gonna have to
wait till tomorrow's video motivation to
stay healthy Oh
think about it like this think about
what you put inside your body so any
eating food just think about how that
foods made and think about what that
food might do when it goes into your
body so for example if you're gonna eat
a chocolate bar which is fine as that I
eat chocolate bars but think was in that
chocolate bar and then when you eat that
chocolate but I think what's going to do
to your body well yeah don't buzz pause
me yeah just think about it in that
respect I think is just food if I'm if
I'm struggling with energy levels if I
feel a bit
Chiqui putting something that's not made
of good natural ingredients inside your
body is that gonna help probably not if
you're ill you want to eat good foods if
you want to prevent being you know you
want to eat good foods because all the
like nutrients and ingredients and all
the things that should be in natural
foods that your body like thrives off
just think of it like that way that's
kind of what I think like fun obviously
I have cheat days or things when I want
to treat and I'm like oh you know what I
just I really really want to eat a mars
bar or something like that I really want
to burger short I will go and eat that
burger but for 90% at the time I'm like
thinking about in this respect where I'm
at right if I am putting things in if I
want to live a healthy lifestyle
I should be thinking about what is that
I'm putting inside my body not to get
like preachy I don't want to be preachy
about it but I know there's some of you
out there that are interested in it so I
can happily talk very ages if you want
but I've I reap the benefits of it in
terms of how I felt how I looked how my
energy is how my skin is like there's
such big benefits of it so yeah I'm
probably just rambling about that now so
sorry that's not not joke you know I
don't actually know any of the top of my
head that's all I'm gonna open up to you
guys what's your best knock-knock joke
let me know in the comments and then I
can learn one for the future person you
can ask me a best knock-knock jokes why
do you talk like Harry Styles I don't
think I talk like Harry Styles Harry
Styles is kind of more like yeah yeah my
name's Harry Styles yeah you know like
me and the boys we were fewer Harry
Styles me and the boys were just
recording some songs that doesn't sound
Harry style does that you know me hi my
name is Harry Lee I'm very very calm and
I don't really raise my voice other than
when I serve alright alright you know
Liam alright you know a prom up door I
think I went a bit Indian then what's
your biggest fear most do you probably
know that hits the defense have deep
we're getting it like the day-to-day
fear or not day-to-day fear but like
little things it's B's anything that
flies and buzzes near me freaks
 out of me but long-term fears would
be not being have kids getting some kind
of like incurable disease losing someone
very close to before their time is up oh
that's a phone call right in the deep
moment so yeah that's that's yeah those
things
sorry I just got really really neat all
right all right why did you pick YouTube
as a job
I didn't pick YouTube as the job the job
picked me
no I didn't plan for it to be a job when
I started I never knew that you can do
it as a job nor did I ever have an
intention to do it as my job it was only
when it became possible to be my job
that was like you know this is actually
the coolest freakin thing in the world
I'm doing so I started saying as a hobby
messing about making videos for you guys
and I'm able to actually live off of
that but how when you think about that
how often is it that think of all your
hobbies that you I do and what's your
favorite thing that you'd like to do in
your spare time like whatever that is is
it drawing the paintings that taking
photos is it singing like whatever is
just imagine not planning to do it as a
job and then all of a sudden it's like
hey this can actually be a job now so
caring what you're doing and just now
it's your job no it's the honesty the
best thing in the world I don't want to
drop that in to anyone I thought but the
reason I'm kind of saying like that is
because yeah okay it's about being in
the right place
right time but it's Russo about if
they're saying you're passionate about
and you know what you're seeing area
you're thinking you know what I'm
actually I really love doing this a
really love skateboarding I really love
I was gonna say sleeping I don't know
like if there's something that you have
as a hobby and you know I really up this
that and I know I could maybe do it as a
job like just try it I imagine if you
could do that as your job
nothing's already stopping you going out
there and trying to do that so try Stein
you try and achieve something that you
would not have thought was possible to
achieve okay I just dropped my phone and
that is gonna be the end of today's
quick Q&A like I said sorry there wasn't
a proper vlog you're all made sense when
you see this vlog when you see it vlog
next week it's with me Jim Thanh and
Naomi you'll see why it wasn't filmed
today so or yesterday so hopefully you
guys can understand that and I still
wanted to putting out for you so yeah
let me know if you do enjoy these Q&A
videos by giving the video a thumbs up
and I'm gonna go so I will see you
beautiful people tomorrow or today cuz
I'm actually filming a daily vlog
obviously right now so yeah right I will
see you people tomorrow
