hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
to the channel or how is it going shout
out to all of you new subscribers
recently if you've just found the
channel hello welcome you can subscribe
right down there post videos every
single day ranging wants a whole load of
different things the today's video is a
pretty popular video across the internet
and we're going to put a bit of a twist
on it so today's video is trying girls
products girls have a variety of
different products from makeups and
whatnot across to other I don't know
until tomorrow but today's is different
because one of my good friends Tanya
burr has paid me she'll pay me I'm
joking
she has her own range of girls product
so I thought we did this with joella's a
few weeks ago and you guys really liked
it so now is it now it's miss Paris time
to shine on the mall Marcus YouTube
channel woo where dreams are made so
Talia's box we've got Tanya presents
discover my gorgeous selection of beauty
treats all wrapped up in a stunning
keepsake box
I'll isn't thank you alright pull this
hold this sleeve thing off of leave one
two three ah isn't that cute come on you
know what is that a nail file because
that's one thing I don't have and it is
one of my snapchat you might have seen
me post a video of my toenail coming up
and now I've got half a toenail like on
side of my toe she's a little bit of old
toe now and it's like shocked and
pointing up so alright not going to
light on this is the amount of product
in the box yeah this is the height of
the box what's going on here I like to
know the size of what I'm getting myself
into from looking at the package it gets
just a just a fancy way of storing
things where were we okay so we have an
array of product there we have liquid
highlighter beaming grapes I know
exactly what that is we have Tanya burr
everywhere ever these tiny boats of
method lipgloss afternoon tea
fantastic because I always like to put
my lip gloss on after I've had my
affinity smokey eye trio
I love a smoky eye oh my god and guess
what guys
it comes with a mirror mirror mirror on
the wall who's the fairest of them all
I'm trying to show you my eating lunch
there is amazing
how's that rap buddy really yeah fuck
you oh wow
fried chicken is where I'm from I'm on
there kid and so's my mom and we opal
cheekiness that nail files we'll get
onto them in a minute and the lashes
because I know what I'm doing when it
comes to these these are Bambi lashes to
make you look like Bambi the deer let's
do this starting off what would you
start with I say we start with lipstick
because or lip gloss sorry because
everyone loves I've just had my teeth so
ought to be fair that smells amazing
like I don't know if the lip stuff is
meant to smell when you put it on but ah
I've no idea if I'm doing this right the
lab I'm not a regular lipstick put her
honor the thing is right how do you
ladies and guys some guys Oh lipstick
wear stuff on your lips because when
something's on my lips like now I just
feel like I just need to like get out my
lips like get off my lips hey there's
the lip gloss
I mean if we're going on smelling taste
give it a 10 out of 10 if we're going on
looks on me I'd say I'm a solid eight
right now would you guys think oh this
is nice so the camera I think in the
mirror is a bit dirty it's go on mmm on
it no now I can see everything clearly
now you can get an HD version of Matt oh
that's rank yeah what they probably have
putting in my lips you know yeah would
you guys like it like that yeah Daniel
it yeah can you please help me and tell
me what liquid highlighter is no you
would know why would I you should know
no I'm using a liquid highlighter make
sure you
in sponge or thing that's like inches in
great well gradually up ten fingers to
you so we're just going to put all pays
very golden that's what it looks like
see this dope you can see this have late
so I looks up on my finger all wrong
well I'm just going to put some here or
should use my mirror oh my god every not
I'm doing you guys I'm rowing
moisturizer and it slowly making me more
panned and orange and I've got
foundation on you know I'm going to do
and forget to wash this off after this
video and go out with half smoothly
always quite like makes my face a lot
smoother see that's weird that's about
you know it's difference on my face
Matthew hey Sam no yeah yeah but well
yes I've been I think that's what it is
well smoothness you get an 8 out 10 flat
Tanya God with your smokey eye to do
next
see you know what we've got yet this is
great you know got everything in here
other than a brush where it's a brushed
on I need you know I've just bought this
my first there I need a brush to put
this on my face with this lip stuff I
need to get off don't think there's a
brush hidden in there at all is there no
oh well I do like how everything's
packaged a light everything's got these
things on there very nice to pull off
there she is there's women herself open
it huh boom just so we can sort of see
what we work with I'm just going to put
them on the sort of side of my face with
my finger you're getting involved that's
quite a lot so if attend we're doing and
I hit or should I just do and I don't
really not doing I love that a nice gust
guy nothing like being punched in the
eye when he's going yeah oh you don't I
said done and uh Scott oh yeah smoky eye
yeah there you go
I'm meant to mix them I know no and you
go all the way up to the eyebrow feel
like you do or don't I definitely I
bought a bath I smoking half feedback
but you mix I'm going to mix winter walk
in there as well oh I see that's quite
nice for on the top I'm the last blend
is quite well yeah fantastic actually
maybe gets fine bit of lunar in there as
well really do it the full-on smoke
perfect I actually are thinking about it
now I don't think you go all the way out
to up to the brow which I I have
mistakes me done
hey-ho three made coffee fingers now
next up we've got nail files I can
confirm that the nail file works and it
files your nail so that's a good job
give that 10 out of 10 definitely going
to keep one of those on my table
see that's the other thing all I wanted
was a drink of water and now just got
lip marks all over it where were we
last but not least ban me lashes get big
beautiful eyes with those dull like
lashes I'm so excited to bring you my
collection of gorgeous beautiful gifts
love Tonya this pack contains one pair
of false lashes and lash blue antastic
Tanya's tips for application using
tweezers
they have tweezers and I'm getting ready
for my night out carefully remove the
lashes from the tray
check that the check to fit by placing
them lightly over the top of your lashes
if they're too long carefully cut now no
one's got time for that gently apply a
thin layer of glue along the lash fan
and wait 30 seconds good I'm glad that
this is telling me because I haven't
blocked clear looking down or directly
into a mirror your jaw not the mirror
place the lash and as post your natural
lash line as possible and apply pressure
gently along the lash ensuring it's
firmly in place brilliant that sounds as
simple as one two three times i dry the
what we know does threat can't beat one
two three in any other language all
right there's the glue right I'm gonna
just you just pull it off pull it off
that shit or shit thing up payment that
you honestly just put it off so I'm just
going to ruin out if I do that you peer
it off maybe well I think I've ruined
past this lash I'm very delicate on
there Jesus that's fine we've got a very
delicate that guys longer than my eye
I'm sorry let's do this measure thing oh
no you know what I think that perfect
I'm just saying now this is going to be
so bad
like so but I'm so bad at this kind of
thing when you have to get alright
fiddly handled and brilliant because I
wanted to know what when I started this
video a wanted eyelash glue over my
trousers so glad I've got that now
thanks Khan okay gently do the lash with
glue so it goes that way on okay that's
it again my gluing involves John's crazy
don't some people do this like
permanently then do their lashes
permanently like no one I have not got
the time or patience for that I mean
that glues looks a little bit like
something else but oh well let's do on
my smoky eye but I feel like this is so
hard
Matt I need your assistance please write
to hold the mirror exam seriously this
is uh this is very complicated procedure
yeah think yeah okay I've no idea on
doing guys
that's field close to my lash then you
have to glue on yeah I've done the glue
buddy
Oh holds the mirror still put it down a
bit
no down that's up but down we doing oh
you got this before Hawaii right good
job again yeah okay it's coming up you
don't quite good job break me out ten
girls would you think I don't have the
time or patience to do the second - to
be honest that lash feels amazing I mean
I feel like you can't really tell I've
got a lash on very uncomfortable to wear
lashes on it well there we go we've
tested Tanya bears products one eye is
done one side of the Cheetahs done that
lips awful emotion thumbnail is filed so
we've been there we've done that I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
I don't know what the frickin how I'm
doing now like what is my life right now
yeah I hope you enjoyed it give this
video a thumbs up if you have tell us
what are the different products of
youtubers we should try next leave the
suggestions in the client or try and do
that and yeah I'm gonna go wash my face
now so see you soon guys
