hello there everybody
I'm logged yet we have got Naomi's
birthday picnic today although it's not
really a picnic because the plan was to
go outside to a pot hey the way the
weather loops are right now man
yeah it's a bit too late I mean we were
planning to go outside to the park but
it's moved to an indoor picnic
no one's here yeah well there's two
people here but this is all the food
that Naomi has mainly homemade Macs are
still here from last night and we've got
these two losers with us now but they
know max has been here yesterday so yeah
that is oh you are a dick here's the
birthday well it's not your birthday
anymore your birth is the FIR the least
necks out of everyone in this room
there's really as good was that your
birthday's in June June the eight
thirteen eleven nine that was like a
guess Europa I know yoga your birthday
is December the 28th
not having my literally like a week
before yours ten days before yours yeah
and it's not your birth anymore you do
you look fantastic
there she is lovely these are all kind
of picnic rugs
no they're just to look at I I'm not
gonna be able to sit on the floor after
yesterday's events time well you know it
is tough it's very tough day know all
sorts of things could happen but yeah
this is kind of a makeshift thing we've
got about 14 people coming so I think we
have a fairly large living area
otherwise that could be an interesting
so nice pink plates hopefully yeah
that's what's happened today
reception Oh God
you don't like you about to fall over
time oh my god you guys come me alphabet
friends brother Jimmy I'll go yeah your
arms like try to make the outfit no
excuses
Hey
which is
today's question of the day
Jim you just look like you're having a
bad time right now watch max max de I
can but you can't do it
I thought you could do you're at now
your feet are going outwards you have to
go in you still keep your body like oh
yeah max just look like you could just
sit every day is a big hero 6 you know
combat was back
you need me man I don't need you you
need me man I don't need you you need me
man I don't need you you gotta wear that
chair going on in the background so I am
blocked in a while and that's because I
don't know no miss thing when people
come here that I don't read no I don't
just like blocking them so because no me
had loads of her like friends here
Tom Jim and like Max with the only
people who have really been around
vlogging so I didn't just wanna go yeah
here's everyone sitting and eating food
so they were here know me now and pretty
much since they've gone we've just been
on off working on like a little project
thing that we're doing so that's what
half time has been doing it's now 11
o'clock on Sunday then my body doesn't
feel too bad considering unless in
summary shoot my ankle I haven't told
you guys this haven't really brought
that much day my ankle is absolutely
messed up I can't can't walk I've been
hopping around like a little old man all
day and everyone's been laughing at me
but I feel like concern we did all that
yesterday I woke up and I said to max I
was like you know what I feel like if I
didn't have my mess of manga I could
just go for another one today and he
kind of said the same he's got dodgy
knee right over there there yeah oh yeah
I haven't even checked actually i hain't
one's gone down maybe going tan now
yours has gone down so out yours look
worse last night I didn't think mine was
bad until when I was doing that blog and
I saw it I was like oh my god I look
ridiculous so ain't yet turned to to tan
now but yeah that's basically what what
we've been doing for the last few hours
they're always saying how good my
sunburn has got and those hands Brown
now and this woman's looks red again
this is the patch have to be careful
because this there you can see here is
one time not bad really bad and every so
often it goes in the Sun he was really
dark and it's like a bad pigment part of
my face so that's what then
and sorry if today the block has been
made sure or maybe even weird in some
area but yes so hopefully you guys may
enjoy and I will see your beautiful
faces tomorrow get back
