no here we are boys I'm it that's going
ready I'm fresh today that's right this
is us being breakfast pre 13 mile race
of our life where's your sign here it's
out excited you are yeah yeah that's
mathematically pumped here we go we're
on our way
how's everybody feeling it's not it's
not 13 miles found out it's eleven and a
half so all that bit different you know
wake up feel I can run that in about an
hour
no no seriousness is because it's not
there's all these obstacles so tough man
I can't explain you guys is like so it's
11 and a half mile course and as these
different obstacles in between it's all
about teamwork and like I don't know you
know more about the obstacles what's
that everything that you have this I saw
halfpipe isn't it
and then you go kind of like TV chop
each other off you go like clamber up
people to get to the top and help that
lifts people and stuff so it's all about
like teamwork and stuff that's why our
little trio it's gonna be a 18 on the
way this is a field this is the stops
now you can hear some dude shouting over
there there is
oh god I'm so scared guys really
starting to get a bit nervous now well
if you need a wee halfway through their
toilet stops because I can feel like I
mean we already announced there is a
horse on the obstacle that is taking the
course that isn't the biggest dog I've
ever seen in my life
well it's pretty DC huge
Roger if you face part and land on that
time right I don't know you this up
gonna punch you I'm gonna punch in the
face
three miles in I think got three miles
in three through anyway we just did this
over here nada
absolutely stacked it went flying in
Cutler's knee
we are back home and I can't move none
of us can move we are burn
we've just finished showering and none
of us can walk look at than anaida
your max acute is road face you're
exhausted
they even guess that's it look at this
food day we have arrived back and we are
now like Cobb over apparently burnt 3000
calories during Tough Mudder which is a
little bit insane so we have what kind
of like Asian food what a load of rice
just food um none of us Reuben hunting's
great but we just had fun a younger now
all right Mac yeah you you guys will see
like a complete video via today's event
and see what happens stuff but it was
absolutely insane and I can't really
speak anymore so Oh guys I'm going to
bed I'm very red and burn I don't know
if it shows in this light I'm absolutely
battered as well my whole body is cut up
and bruised I'll show you tomorrow
all my cuts and bruises or maybe I'll
show you some now quickly me one all
bruised and cut up down there down there
leg too bashed up bruised down here I've
got a cut up on my bum as well which
might I show it all can't my low back
not in a good way guys not in a good way
but uh I feel good for doing what I did
today
free approachable definitely makes me
want to get into more running stuff so
yeah I'm gonna go to bed
so if the books short and all over this
obviously I haven't booked that much
because I've been doing a crazy thing
but yeah thumbs up you enjoyed it
tomorrow's Naomi's belated birthday
picnic with like friends that should be
fun
and yeah I will see them all right
Buzzz Buzzz bad
