we have got that is just incredible so
that meant Bob what do you think of that
morning
I'd like a clap at how you guys doing
today
well my phone is actually in my pants
there you go
mm bah it's really humid today I left
his bend open behind the scenes of house
how someone take a you taking a picture
or snapchat picture just see you guys
yeah yeah it's really stressing me
whilst no me spends 10 minutes 10 pitch
I'm just going to enjoy my drink heaven
right now first pastor mini-pizzas he's
very happy with that one
it's pretty good how much you love
nothing here we've just finished lunch I
say lunch it is 20 pots for ya but I
feel a bit yeah good okay a bit nice bit
heavy but we went in for Conda bond he's
on his way to this hotel and we're gonna
we've just realized we're really close
to an era we came to we lost a round
Notting Hill it was a when we got off
butcher drinks and we went and fed
pheasant it's no peacocks peacocks I
went near that place we're gonna go down
jump this restaurant here guys pure
taste is apparently a paleo the the
first
Hey
it's kind of similar to my diet
you guys have me telling you it's like
that stars are like meat veggies guys
kombucha we went to another place that
base was shut that we went to shut fall
on Sunday just have to come here
what do I go for what did you go Jinja
let these ones are good there we go this
is one aren't for in the end ginger in
line yeah yeah it doesn't quite have the
same kick as the ones in LA still pretty
awesome
why you so strong okay
I'm so excited for my future
and we just mean to this place I don't
know I'm still holding my hand out hope
it's what I think it has well but she's
really weirdly now okay yeah we just
went to this place for coffee and juice
and it was really awesome it wasn't a
liar and I'm like I need
he's just flown in from America I feel
so bad as well we were at Connors hotel
color like showered and we were waiting
in his Lobby and he came down and then
we were like no no come on you turn on
your laptop and I was like yeah that's
fine we get to his room I was like oh
can I use your phone charger like yeah
yeah that's right my dream cage get open
it just explode just like destroy your
room we're trying to find out a bingo
for a roast dinner because it's Sunday
and you've never had a roast dinner
thing he was like what's a roast dinner
I was like Connor you've been missing
out I was assuming it was kind of
self-explanatory I was like roast
roasted food hey kids everything weird
that's what she's doing she's calling to
see if we can go
Oh
he was very aggressive awesome we have
come we've come across literally like a
million singing it was also from fact in
England if you guys are from England
your obvious you know we call these
things stinging nettles Connor was like
wait what you call it poison ivy poison
oak
okay so we are having this conversation
then we're telling Connor about dock
leaves so you know if you get stung by
stinging nettle you then have a dock
leaf near them and you take that and you
rob pick yourself with it and it kind of
cures you Connor was like what and I was
like yeah I haven't actually been
stunned by seeing that iron like since I
was a kid and we're really I'm really
tempted to like get stung I do it yeah
she did yeah I just I don't know I wish
I did all my like that think about the
amount of times you did it as a kid this
is really terrible if you do it just
like a little spot how do you feel
stroking it vlog title I've been
poisoned does it do you like touch it
and you're like wow like wow oh my
goodness no Kiseki
he's like no I found me friends cause I
didn't do anything
bring that just in case
well like squeeze it isn't it go for
yeah just do that you did well it was oh
you like walk through it as a kid - yeah
I remember like falling and goes oh my
god it was always on your ankles at
walking through I'm too scared that just
in case but then your pocket yeah the
immunity feels like a bumblebee okay now
bring a duck leaf that's not gonna oh
wait I think it would take like a couple
of minutes feet further yeah as the
poison slowly sinks into your body
I think say I'd love the system
disappointed I'm carrying this with me
my fingers are feeling it slightly
tingly is that still a dock leaf these
are literally like I can't even like
look okay this is Connors leg that's
adopt leaf this is turning - yeah that's
a dock leaf see they say big this is
turned into more like a BBC David
Attenborough into the wild by Connor is
gone and left us it was so much fun
hanging out with Conor but you can see
me vlogging there in my boxer shorts
yeah Connor is gone it was so much fun
hanging with him we just spent some orcs
and hung out and just quality time
together
I missed that boy we don't get same
enough because I'm obviously lives
across the pond but yeah I mean it's bed
and tomorrow we tomorrow editing you've
got some other stuff going on and then
we're packing because we're going away
but you'll find out very soon we're all
right love years back
