buh-buh-buh-buh-buh boom what with your
faith day so I'm wearing sunglasses
inside I just walked upstairs to get
them about to leave so I guess that's my
excuse well dang I'm only up to the gym
Nym bob has got a meet up thing panel
thingamabob something like that
see I'm heading off through lidium and
then I've got some book stuff to do
today we're already sure else what to do
what should i do today name let's do
something fun that is a lift I'm there
in one each there was pain I think it's
gonna be sunny no bloody marina I see
spotted bad boy back down there
me about that
your dough is very heavy so shot for the
gym thank you
success that's why I've got I'm gonna
pick up a juice as well we just learnt
there two chopped and a pick up a juice
and I'm gonna head home
well they got
Thanks
coat of freedom there we go and now the
weather has got Frank I came out with my
sunnies and I'm feeling it look look at
the floor
oh look who's calling me there she is
hello Marcus
well obsessed with this place guys it's
good chopped I kind of I think I showed
you but I will pass there basically you
choose all your things they put it all
together mix it live on the spot so I
got brown rice lentils spinach broccoli
avocado salsa sweet corn
sun-dried tomato roast chicken and
dressing extra virgin olive oil and it
is honestly delish yours just currently
watching my new Minecraft video before I
upload oh there you go he's happy of
that he's found some died Monday there
it is I think this hopefully I can
upload this tomorrow first time you
watch this this will be up if you didn't
know I have a gaming channel some people
don't know you might not care but I have
a gaming channel so go check it out
minecraft is probably my favorite in
film but I'm trying to get back into it
so let me know what you want to see yeah
yes we are going out to go and see the
Book of Mormon soon and I'm so you dude
I've seen it before I saw it with Jack
and thin literally like the first when
it first came out for I don't know like
Jack's dad got tickets or something and
no he's never seen it and I really
really want to see it again because I it
was probably my favorite thing I've ever
seen
so we are going to see out tonight and
we need to leave soon similar way or
this doesn't your attention to you so
you can vote down here by yarmulke
also we're in where inquiry could you
predict any targets walking through
secondary circuits on Saturday is one of
those stressful things
really welcome you at home
hope to heard what you guys found in the
side of head that's the way that's name
is that bat and that it's mine I hope
they were gonna be really small we made
it with one minutes there is an involved
ran to the toilet now
you're suiting everyone schedule seats
right now who something there's people
looking at us behind us on a bug bomb
previously on suits hello my name is
Albert no hello my name is Oh how's it
going dude you just finished seeing it
ding dong hello my name is Robert and I
was a man basically Book of Mormon was
amazing
second time I've seen it if you guys
haven't seen it you should see it
although it may be slightly offensive to
some people but I don't know that's his
style of comedy but yeah we were in the
third row and like there's an old woman
next me he was literally like crying
with laughter genuinely she was like
crying and I just thought that was
pretty funny so yeah have you guys seen
it is it in America I don't know because
everyone needs everyone's American
aren't they in it or were they just put
on the accent that is a question of the
day that no me smile doesn't any ants -
neither do you or do you
oh my wrist oh yeah guys tomorrow Conner
is coming to the UK and he's coming and
hanging out with us there's gonna be
able load up I miss his little face
giggity-giggity goodness face red spider
eater
spider of the flippin day this house
there's too many spiders in here
there's too many spiders too many
spiders 2 minutes behind - I always get
weird sometimes when I've logged on I
might idea that guy's Fido sometimes get
weird
why'd I get weird ma'am
get hyper hyper on a track spittin bars
on the track getting down with the
Maquis Bopper on the track rat pot to
mock you but but on the track rap number
two in the main King potentially I said
it's been in the main Raiders I've got
like this I've got a track for it I've
never haven't progressed with it I
started writing for it and then I just
never never really moved forward with it
so yeah it's the thing that I want to do
this year bring out another single
vowels all for the bands I'm in bed I'm
in bed right now I shall make up a rap
on the spot that one bed yo so we are
sittin in my bed getting down with the
redhead ah we're about to watch me and
nimble bar about to get into bed and
when we were in bed we're gonna watch
that suits suits is our favorite program
on the television get down with that
radio vision not cat vision human
knowledge vision tomorrow we have got
Connor Franta coming to stay with us you
don't know because he doesn't give up us
he just likes to eat and take pictures
of his Instagram regram free gram on the
knee grant and I'm share how my rapper
I'm not good at freestyling would you
look at that the light's gone out oh my
god
there is no Brussels sprouts anymore so
what is happening with those sprouts
Nym Bob thinks she's getting a neck
massage but really she's just looking
camouflage that was good
that was good you forgot to turn the
laptop on the laptop is on but you
didn't click play on suits like Puss in
Boots get up out of your massage chair
go and flick space so we can say our
prayers she's going well done that's my
ruffling session over if you'd like more
random wraps with that monkey but by
then I give the video a thumbs up let's
see if you give this video a thumbs up
if you've watched till the end then oh
then yeah give the video a like and I'll
do more randomly
comment it all right love you guys see
Martin
