good morning people look how many people
out on the pier and brighton seafront as
you can always tell back in Brighton
Brian our summers day there's no means
it's not that hot it's just a lovely day
very sunny it's great but I've come back
to brighton for a common things come out
for a couple of meetings and also filled
with Alfonso later but I haven't seen a
filmic outfit alfian ages so I'm gonna
go up to his later on a film but I mean
I'm in the car and we're going to go and
pick up some food now from food and in
that right side it is troopers on sugar
side so yeah that's that's what when I'm
in down and Brighton for the day though
I think I'm gonna drive back up tonight
making his choice where's my four rooms
brownie all those cakes
and always good love it love it oh yeah
got my chicken sweet potato broccoli and
other science this looks delicious guys
being read and comment from you go oh no
 a load shedding on the screen
and mums things coming pearl man your
phones their weight as since Lightman's
on this i'll show you what i was going
to show you i was about to show you this
and saying that I've got there's been a
lot of love on my playlist I hope
uploaded it's had seventeen thousand
plays and over a thousand mics on a site
where i have 0 followers so thanks for
guys checking the health eyes and it's
like the perfect chill mellow background
music honestly there's like 10 songs in
there where's a meeting that's happening
in this house in a minute and i just put
this on because Simon's mean it was
rubbish is playing like we hid stuff I
was like yeah let's put this hot well
similar whale similar whale simmy see
masseur ah look at the Ghibli you are
like a camera Nala is that who's that
you know that is sure this is who is
that who is that dreck she's got used to
a camera in my face yeah you must go or
you love that hey Wonder way I am guys
guess where I could be I'm at Joe and
Casper's and I'm not about Alfonso's
already told you I was down earlier
we've filmed one of the two videos for
my channel we don't good for us we fill
my way
the second one yeah that's good for us
usually yeah Alfie's like on guard new
to like do renault to a shower lick the
floor like how ya usually have a shower
but he's been actually pretty good today
I must confess be a we've done one so
far I think it's pretty funny thing is
gonna be you I think it's going to get
and then I'm not looking for doubt he's
at or Basie Alfie's is going to be out
on Sunday yeah and mine is gonna be out
next Friday yeah Alfie's on what I'm
saying is I'm not looking for selfies
but that way in like a funny way for you
guys and not funny wait for me and so
yeah it's gonna come videos done my boy
yeah uh I now stink oh that's funny do
clean my trousers that what happened uh
it's actually not shown ups by the
thought it would oh yeah it looks pretty
bad through here I also sorry about the
crotch shot not being rude literally
been the first thing that happened
whipped cream I board one half is tops
because I obviously have come down to
write for the dead homeless pay players
and then it just went all over my jeans
so Alfie obviously loved that if it was
hilarious I on the other hand didn't
because I look like I've got saying
Dodger me and it stinks so that's
yeah shut up
this let's get this first kiss let's get
this and let's head downstairs Oh nearly
knocked he not the over I told you about
my legs guys honestly I can't this is me
trying to walk down stairs the best I
can Oh every step is a major thing
because of that leg workout i did and i
haven't done a loca out in about three
months because i had dodgy knees or oh
yeah the reason i said lexa haven't told
you from running tough mudder I'm really
tough mudder rubbing tough mudder taking
pint minor at the end of this month and
I was like yeah I should probably start
training a bit obviously I'm like in I'm
pretty decent shape but like actual leg
training and there's he may not running
so I was just like yeah but the last two
days have I feel like I've been crushed
on my legs and I've never walked before
I feel like every movement each
different muscle I never even raised a
hat is moving in my legs so that's the
thing but I just got home I just drove
up here obviously and I had a quick
little protein shake and a little cheek
bowl of cereal just just a small one and
now i'm gonna go to bed with NIM Bob
because we're pretty tired and it's
before eleven o'clock I'm going to try
and be in bed before 11 which me is cool
that is like what I want to be doing
every night but I know if that works
also I'm trying to like film or when I'm
out and about in this way and me behind
the camera because it's great you know
it's you know you guys can see my face
which is great but I also would like you
to see what's like in front of man
around me like i did some
today or that you would have seen
earlier when I might climbing into cause
this way so I'm like oh look I'm gonna
get in this car here and just show you
more around what's going on let me know
if you'd like that or if you just prefer
to see my face I'm like getting in the
car like this more know them as I don't
know just mix it up yeah name is asleep
already thought thumbs up if you enjoyed
the video and I will see your sexy faces
tomorrow for another more Marcus vlog
yeah
but is this gonna work what do this
bye-bye Oh bye
