morning Oh straining to get my shoes on
I'm heading up I've got the crazy 8 day
basically I'm off to do a photo shoot
now with a magazine so that's what I'm
doing right now I packed my old and I
fell out all I'm doing it's packing
clothing back right now got my clothes
in here for all different my shots and
stuff
so yeah there's that I've also got
another book purse thing then I've got
another meeting and no redos to
everything so that's what I've run today
Here I am somewhere in London no idea
where I'm somewhere I just got my
sparkling water
oh so we're going wrong Oh three to four
times a week and that's a combination
from you know at home outside or at the
gym very practical yeah I literally
ordered some more stuff last night
because I was like you know what my gym
looks quite old now so it's time I step
my game up yeah no layers tree like so
many people like
thank you a skew
we waited up in the box they were
a-changin it's a Kevin it's okay
he was shaking in everything little
crazy
make sure this is right now
any suits are over there was a total of
two one on the last one as you know I'll
tell you I did I thought I did but you
guys have to wait till it comes out now
I've come back home quickly before my
next meetings I need to I'm going to
this like washed anything tonight
so I need to pick up my clothes that I
also need to iron my shirt so I got this
ready oh my god back hitting something
now I feel like covering the whole of
London got my potentially outfit for
this evening
central shoes I'm just picking up some
food from pod
there's the car years later we're now
off to a meeting I'm going off to meet
them I'm just walking trying out
different different angles Lisa fat in
the middle so yeah we are off to my book
publishers global sales convoy
yes yeah so basically there's gonna be
like 200 people there and I'm doing a
speech they said it's me know there and
they're like yeah so there's 200 people
there and we'd like you to do a
two-minute talk is that Alright I was
like shooting it by always do in these
situations in then I usually deal right
lovely London on a sunny day
well I haven't even been outside hone
even seen daylights there oh I'm gonna
hear I can't I can't flog
is a tree and inside a building that is
a thing and this is a very fancy dinner
table hello that is fake just to confirm
just to confirm I think yeah I decided
the way to tell the story of this family
and the secretiveness that we and
sometimes people sometimes memories keep
secrets for what they think are great
reasons put in together and so I threw
them into my idea of which was a
surprise so the idea of headed by the
book that vibrant sparked when I made a
transition in my life so to sort of try
and become a bit healthier and there's a
little bit weight so I went through a
journey and I kind of shared that with
my audience on my daily vlogging channel
and it kind of sparked interest I post
one video on my body transformation and
how I changed the foods that I ate and
how I started exercising a bit and just
check the briefly about that with no
intent to sort of receive any positive
stuff back from that and what happened
was that got a couple of million views
online and there was a button with
comments
people wanting to know more and that's
what I thought okay people were actually
interested in this and they're my
audience so that's what sparked the idea
forever a long way
I have very illusive videos on my
channel before where I talk about things
like how to deal with pressure when
you're at school you know people try and
say you have to go to uni to get a job
these days I was kind the stock job to
do about unions and everything for
everyone and when I was going through
school with college what I was taught is
like if you don't go to uni you'll never
get a job I didn't go to university and
I got a job so I kind of shared that
advice with my audience and that's a
number of and the book was dominant as
well as things like how to have
brilliance I believe in us at school for
doing gymnastics something I love doing
and I stopped doing it because the
police got to me and I love but it's
very much yeah it's kind of like it
touches on serious issues like that but
also takes in the funk out of its
aspects for what you to come outside
good
any question we all too eager Barbara to
be making in America so I hope this
character on my channel where I dress up
in drag a woman and as a character on my
channel and she's massively loved by
everyone screams and she will be making
an appearance in there
not intentionally um I'm so tired guys
today is felt like the busiest day of my
life I don't even know how much of its
being blocked or not as you just saw
there I think the DC films and let me do
my president Mike's presentation my
speech that was fun um and so no
breaking on the thing dime always get so
nervous for those things but I think it
was okay I am going back to Brighton
tomorrow so yeah I've got some meetings
and stuff going on there I'm filled
without fear today oh I just want to get
into bed right now
I was asleep it's 12 o'clock so I'm
gonna see this vlog I didn't even get
done this hub is my days I didn't even
get time to upload a vlog yesterday
positive emotion if and that never
happened so last time I watched Nets
hope you would have seen - yeah all
right love you guys
see you tomorrow how do you us
