you work that stretch NIM Bob morning
god I'm but head off to a stationery
store to get some accessories for
today's new video I'm really really
really excited about them in this video
because I came up with the idea the
other day and I was just like I don't
think someone's really done this on
YouTube and yeah I'm just really excited
to film it and going it suffered so
that's basically what my day is consist
of today filming and editing that
because the rest of this week I've got
so much going on tomorrow I've got like
so much but press stuff I think and I'm
going to like the conference for my book
and tomorrow is very busy day Thursday
I'm back and bright on and then Friday
it's gonna upload to YouTube so yeah
that's the plan look how much stuff I
got guy this is for my video but also
stuff that I need it like I need a
notepad
I need folders I need like storage boxes
so I got those for the video but also
factual reasoning for me though needing
those and anyway some of that's gonna
film I'm so it's like film this video
this is the behind the scenes of a
Marcus Butler shoot I thought I might
because one I don't have a filming down
in sketches I can't obviously vlog that
much because my main concentration is on
this so I've done on my vlog bit already
and I've done one cutaway already so now
I'm just gonna show you kind of how
things work and I'm just I might set
this up and you can see me do you like a
sketch and I'll leave it going so you
can just see what it's like basically it
might be interesting for you
and this is the set that I've got right
now I've laid all this out I'm gonna be
sat there cameras here you can see the
shot through here if you want so yeah at
the moment I do everything myself if you
weren't aware they all haven't got a new
mic either yet look how table do that is
it just like some riffs on the top is so
crab that's the self through there so
I'm gonna be sat there so when you see
this video you can watch it submitter oh
i remember seeing that that's
cool
today is a lunch I could some occasion
chicken cook some paprika sweet potato
and we get some sweet corn and some
batch quinoa no because the other day
that we've still got I just finished it
cheeky little snack never too late for a
bowl of cereal you're not a lover of
cereal in the afternoon and sparkling
water with a bit lime in cheek area and
that is a peach of Sam Smith um why I'm
actually doing is editing my video look
at it here here it is there is there it
there it is hello that's the shy
actually shot over Leah
talk like work as hard legs in a while
guys
what I did it yeah well how complete
guys that was in ten Leki's I genuinely
can't walk play I'm not exactly
okay I can walk I am said ring but I
struggle to yeah up and down the stairs
at the moment genuinely like I'm crap
I'm holding on to the railing the whole
way down I can't physically move
properly we are out food up we've got a
delivery coming tomorrow so I did order
saying it's great I can still order like
good food so I ordered a sea bass fillet
sweet potato broccoli like that isn't
even homemade that's literally wide mate
as a meal straight out for work out as
well so yes awesome food
I want my good carbs in there after the
lake day and obviously you greens
asparagus broccoli bit of protein in the
fish there no he's gone out for the
night with her friends for dinner and
drinks and stuff so I finished my
workout have my food oh just be her you
know yeah I feel like I love a bit of
laptop time you know I feel like I don't
get much time to just chill on my laptop
anymore like there was when I lived at
my family house do it every night he'd
be at the hours on my laptop just
scrolling and watching stuff and I
thought I don't really get to do that
now so I love a little bit laptop Club
and I'm watching a documentary on song
called James Bolger it's because a long
story short ice or Dylan O'Brien us you
know a bit stalking on his Twitter a CD
and then because watch the new maze
runners trader Palmer you're amazing
well excited for that and then he
tweeted about a trader about this film
corner was called about James Bolger
with Johnny Depp in and Benedict
Cumberbatch
and I thought oh this looks interesting
what's the story behind this inside
researching that and found out about
this James Bolger guy I had never heard
about who was some like I don't know
like crazy Boston gang leader dude and
now I'm just watching a documentary on
that which is two hours off not only 15
minutes in so and so I don't know that
much on the situation yet but just like
fill you in on that little little thing
that I'm doing right now I'm gonna go to
bed guys obviously I need to stop saying
that I'm in bed that mediates Bobby's
pretty obvious I'm gonna go to bed isn't
it
I want to come up with like a sign off
my vlogs I hate most daily boogers have
a traditional kind of like I don't know
they have their own little like sayings
and little ways of ending their vlogs
and there's me just being weird like
alright be on by and then hit camera I
don't want a slogan have no idea what
though eat healthy live healthy have fun
I don't know what do you guys think if
you if you have any suggestions please
leave them in the comments and I'll
wreath room but other than that I will
see you guys tomorrow
and call me Chad that part of my life
with you there you go there's one common
way to share that pot to Mars life with
you tomorrow alright bye
