good morning guys look how much amazing
food is here all for the purpose of
shooting for the book so today is all
the kind of like a foodie like health
section in the book so there's gonna be
a lot of food making today that I'm sure
you guys will see but this is some of
the ingredients we've got got all this
stuff here I've bought my own glasses
we're only different were now like a
professional kitchen I got my smoothie
you got a nutribullet South there
we're just got my juicer over there the
lighting setup here camera and more
smoothie stuff here I've already laid
out the smoothie stuff here so should we
give you got to fan girls over there
ahead of trying to watch the new taster
you see just like can we can we turn the
music off can we turn the radio up so we
can watch quesiton you mean the video I
watched it in the car earlier I know you
can't watch your bad quality it's bad
quality there chocolate smoothie done
we've also got my green smoothie done as
well those two they're given tasters to
these guys as well yeah chocolate
smoothie boom onto the breakfast now
porridge is done look how good that
looks
yes the best thing about this is just
food or all day as a reconstitute out
the whole day for everyone from my shop
just so this is the preparation
basically the movie on we're doing the
last bunch I showed you cook rice
porridge do both legs in here right now
and I'm prepping lunch you can see I've
been doing all my sweet potato head but
then roasted vegetables in here and yeah
you guys are gonna be given one this is
part of the book I'm giving it I
actually get a dish like the recipes are
just like ideas it started
hey guys have just cut open a broccoli
and there's a massive earwig thing in
there that makes me feel really funny
I've never had that before is that
common yeah I have
I've never seen that my wall wash eh
Hey
we've just cooked that look how good
that looks Oh God oh you are and I have
the favor and I get you to just hold the
reflector above you thank you hold it
flat above the rice cake if I bring you
not really
and not to vote it's going pretty well
so far pretty chuffed with how
everything's turned out just on my
favorite burgers took two of them one of
them's gonna be laid up on here they've
had a slow little sat we've got we got
the sweet potato wedges you've got a
bowl of sort of garnish guac and burgers
gonna right there boom I'm back home
after what felt like a very long shoot
because I think it was constant there
was no breaks it was just cooking it's
doing that cooking that doing that
making that doing there photos this this
like it was very go ago but it was
amazing and you guys saw some of the
behind the scenes but I'm so excited for
this father Burke I might start giving
you that updates on the book every now
again I don't know if you know the book
is gonna be in four parts so one of the
parts is gonna be like health and
lifestyle stuff where's gonna be like
food stuff in it from what you saw today
that's just one one part of the book
there's a whole lot more stuff in that
section it's not just like here's my
food like I'm not gonna be shoving food
like in-your-face foods that's gonna be
I've got a little section of it I've
also filmed another minecraft video so
I'm banking on that and those will be
coming very soon for you guys and now
I'm making more food because that's what
I did I also got this book um we got
this book that came today called PowerVR
Sports I've been advised to read it and
I'm not really sure it's about yeah I
think it's quite maybe out philosophical
but I don't know if any of you guys have
ever read that I'm gonna read that not
right now as I just couldn't read that
at some point
yes just playing my tunes of this I have
just up low as website updated done and
you what I usually cool Sunday sounds
pay this but I'm changing it up a bit on
a website called 8 tracks you some of
you may know it it's like a really cool
site for playlists and stuff but I'm
posting my music place on there for a
bit and the one I did today is called
like it's about distressing and
listening to music that will make you
feel really relaxed and chilled
especially if you've got like exams
going on and stuff like that so I really
want you guys to go have a listen and
see what you think because as you guys
know I love posting playlists and music
and stuff so hopefully your gascan
lacked a big joke ears so I'll put a
link to that down there follow me as
well on the site if you use it that'd be
awesome as well as that I've just lit
through just now uploaded this lately
Instagram no here Instagram there there
is
oh look my sister takes me I look highly
saying that's great I've read the first
chapter it's really good
thanks hides we're talking about my book
and that is what I've just uploaded
today a picture from today and of my
juice and smoothie recipes which will be
a section in the book and I'm gonna say
if you haven't pre-ordered it or
whatever then you can I'll put a link
down there if you're interested I would
of course very much like that but yeah
over the next few days
no over the next few weeks they'll be
like probably some competitions I'll be
doing like on pre-orders and maybe
signed stuff and maybe even get some
merchandise out with there and maybe
meet some of you like I don't know yeah
we're kind of planning stuff that will
hopefully get you guys excited for the
book so yeah if you have any ideas let
me know in the description box in the
comment box beneath beneath beneath
panini anyway we're about to watch
sooths
yeah also who had a million
followers on Instagram yeah well done in
bog there's a really good high fire and
now we're gonna have some cookie dough
that nimble's me cuz that else there too
are you obsessed the snapchat now you
love it don't you
let's watch no me snapchat yeah suits
time good night guys
phone Lighting's so good it makes you
look so much better than just normal
light why maybe they the next camera
should have a little flash they have on
the whole time anyway I'm going to bed I
hope you have enjoyed this vlog it has
been very fun doing food stuff and I
hope you guys enjoyed saying that and I
will see you guys tomorrow
another video thumbs up video enjoyed it
