morning I'm hanging up to the gym um can
I is this publicly acceptable to wear
live in the gym and to the gym it's
because I don't wear a hat just annoys
me and I have to have something to keep
my hair out of my face but I'm gonna get
on the tube with this and probably get
love odd looks I didn't get weird looks
well I didn't think I did anyway I'm
cooking some lunch just got a tuna steak
I'm gonna make just put some sweet
Taylor in there cooking away in there
and got some leafy greens and your knees
the rest of those things that I cook
last night I've already watched them so
that's then and yeah that's all fabulous
I've got this package as well no idea
what this is Simon openness now ah you
think we were sheep her this website is
because sup takes between one and two
months so yet you kind of forget you
order look how cool this is that this is
a cloud a multi-plug like in just one
little thing I thought this would be
great to traveling and stop at because
it's small where you can get like six
plugs in it
boom finish lunch tuners have it all cut
up because it was so thick side to kept
checking that it was done yeah sweet
potato greens tuna boom that's the best
way to have lunch look who it is hi mate
we just had a very funny experience this
girl got her longtime over his life can
my daughter get a picture of you but
before she said it to me today so she
was stood right here she was like I'm so
sorry funny is that my daughter and I'm
Dave the girls slow down and shut
pointed at me 05 heaven mr. hotter he
has come see me he lives in London boots
come from the other side London was
drinking green tea
and that we are and we might go out any
drinks and just see where the night
takes but we have come to wagamama and
I've got all my food and they've hasn't
got any of his how annoyed you've got
your what fried greens I mean for a
yakisoba I'm rice noodles with what
Freud greens obviously gotta get the
edamame in there so we have just sat
down to play dat FIFA mean mr. Hut yeah
and dave has quite nicely put an offer
on the table for the loser Dave when you
pay people Dave always like to have
something from the losers to do let me
just pause this and so every time you
paid ads or what does the loser do was
lose do so Dave came up this idea he was
aa loses those 20 push-ups I was like
yeah it's follow me now he's like let's
do 10 miss Lu ten 20 20 20 yup for 20
although I'm all right now I might lose
this you know but um if I've see 20
push-ups push-ups at least it's a bit of
a workout update where one nail up Dave
look how calm using yeah there's
actually shifting it o is only gonna
niqua live he's only gonna Donna oh god
oued safe that day he's making a sub
look at day it is speaking anymore I you
day you know I date what you saying your
DS funny pusher I feel bad few I kind of
want to do the push-ups oh dear I feel
bad for Dave I'll help them out a little
shops and now we're all hot red-faced
and sweaty yes we are off to a club
aren't we David yes they are I've moved
over to my phone because taking a camera
out of me MMH we're going to place
called bomb on me yeah bon bini bonbon
yeah it is a French place I do not know
what it'll be like I don't know trans
we're entering on something
and all night has come to an end i have
the hiccups there you go bye Dave I life
love you babe oh oh we actually just
kiss we actually just kissed all right
sure Leia babes oh good what's going on
man that's weird I feel like I'm in a 3d
World look and I will see you guys
tomorrow this light is like blinding
yeah so I'm not really able to kind of
look Eva it's kind of blinding all right
oh good I love you guys I'll see it's
mine
