Nene Dora don't know why I started it
like that I'm in central London this
morning because I'm doing a presentation
with Dom I'm Nora doing presentation
dumps doing a presentation and I'm kind
of doing my little bit on it I like
doing these things it's when I'm gonna
talk like serious brand people of media
exactly something else that they're kind
of like it's YouTube really a thing like
what is this and then I'm that like hey
I make videos and kind of explain it to
them and how it really works and
hopefully they get something out of it
so I'm yeah I'm heading there now I'm a
bit early so much won't get coffee
somewhere enough edit my blog or
something then but yeah that's what I'm
doing I always get a little bit nervous
these presentations because you never
know you might get up here let me a hot
and sunny now those who fonts in it then
oh presentation went well I didn't film
anything just because I'd look weird in
front of a load of eye
that is that forty-year-olds just
blogging them but genuinely can't sanic
now I've got booked v10 and they've got
a new new office apparently so I'm gonna
see that which is quite cool
very warm in the Sun loving Thanks if
you've just finished like three album
which meant really really well like
we're discussing more like taught staff
signings or stuff which will come very
soon but just starting the process now
but look at this is this is a rooftop
view we're now looking at same steepness
of London ready
you can let you see the whole of London
all the major landmarks not all of them
but London I shard probably knows more
I've missed out but there you go
and again a Sun panel in the process
we've literally started this new like
online fruit and veg thing where you
order it and it comes in Balkans we have
got so much fruit and veg it's
ridiculous that this bag so on their
website you have options to do like
order stuff for juicing and as I started
to blog start yeah there's stuff for
juicing and I was like oh yeah well get
some apples producing we'll get some
carrots for juicing literate look how
many apples are in this bag it's so
heavy look how many carrots this whole
bag is for carrots
yeah all those carrots were like I want
to say four pounds yeah that's crazy
that's nuts and then we've cooked so
much in here your leaves more apples oh
my god
ginger literally so much fruit veggies
is insane this is so good I've no idea
hi I'm gonna make a juice so I've got a
lot book stuff to do tonight but I'm
gonna make you Jesus
yeah just made my favorite carrot and
apple juice and it is delicious I must
say very very slightly because like a
lot of ginger in there
oh I spoil your cake
oh my god how weird my arms like that
wait miles even look like arms they look
like something through this lens that's
rank made my glove jumpers I've seen my
gemenon well no rank super extended out
or hyper extended elbows is I have been
doing more book stuff my life today my
life today my life at learn is literal
roaming around my book so we had
meetings today as I last told you guys
Oh shaking the table about discussing
tours and all that kind of stuff which I
can't give you anything yet because
nothing's finalized but coming up with
the ideas and stuff and now I can sort
some of the photos from my book because
there's gonna be loads of pictures that
you guys would have never seen before so
for the past month or so probably been
going on and off like going through the
pictures adding them into a file but
tonight is the deadline so I'm just like
finalizing them and going through I have
seventeen thousand pictures to go
through so I've actually almost finished
going through them so yeah that's that
but no means cook this incredible dinner
and looks amazing
there's gonna be a video out on her
channel about on Sunday here you can
have a little look there like homemade
burgers but yeah you guys can go see
that on them Sunday okay so I'm just
reading through my comments from my vlog
yesterday my yoga blob my right to be
another video I had said you guys I was
like that comment beneath your current
emotion I want to know how you're
feeling I've done this a couple times
before but honestly going through the
comments is actually insane let me just
go through some of the comments and read
some in a row okay
stressed stressed Oh thinking worried
stressing over exams I'm sick I'm sad
some of some of the comments not
everyone this summer actually about like
the video and stuff exam stress super
stressed my mood is stressed I'm
stressed feeling stressed and nervous
stressed tired and stressed tired
stressed crazy stressed stressed and
worried about exams stressed worried
scared like this is insane that the
amount of people comment on this video
are feeling all these negative emotions
and the fact that you guys are feeling
stressed and a lot of it is because
someone you're doing exams so I just
want to say something I don't know if
you would have seen it I wrote this on
Facebook victory because I was reading
these comments ours like you know I'm
just gonna write something on Facebook
I'm gonna read out you guys in case you
didn't see on Facebook and aim to kind
of try and help to me that may be going
through a lot of stress with exams and
stuff so this is literally I said I'm
gonna read it because I don't know if I
help I said right I know there's a lot
of you going through exams right now I'm
feeling really stressed so I just want
to say something to make me try and ease
your stress a little the exams are great
for certain people they can help you get
into uni or towards the sent Grier path
that you need qualifications for but
life and happiness isn't dependent on
what grade you get and exam exams aren't
for everyone and there is a lot more to
life than that one exam you're stressing
about you might have a confusing smile
about the times you got so worked up
about that one exam they are important
of course but not everything in life so
relax a little
it's money base I rely on Facebook and
as of right now and I'm looking at this
that's had over a thousand shares which
is insane and the comments on that are
so great from you guys saying how much
that helped just from me writing that
now I know this in your work I'm gonna
go but you just make youtube videos like
how can you say things of that but I've
been through school I've been to exams
I've been through all the stresses that
you guys went through or going through a
school and I look back on thinking of
school exams I look back on those now
one thing oh my God Jesus is or nothing
like at the time you think they're the
biggest thing in your life like
literally you think they are the most
important things you will ever do in
your entire life and it's really not
true like there is a lot more things
that come in life than just going
through your exams when you're at school
and now of course they can get you into
college and college exams medians uni
and then you need to get your job and
all that stuff but it's time the world
started seeing people differently from
how well you can remember something and
writing it down on a piece of paper
that's how I view exams I wasn't good at
exams I didn't like the idea that
someone was judging how well I was at
remembering what I learned in a whole
year or two years like how can everyone
be tested that way and then you're given
some kind of mark and then you're meant
to go through life and your job career
is decided upon that one exam result
like that to me just isn't logic that's
why I can I have the outlook like look
at your exams are great if you want to
go into something that requires
qualifications or you want to get into
university and so that they are of
course exams are great in certain ways
but they're not everything and they're
not for everyone so with that said like
I know it's really hard to think but
don't stress too much about them because
you know if I look at what I'm doing and
what all of my my group of friends don't
from school most of them who are working
doing nothing related to what they went
to university doing or what they took
exams and how well they did in those
exams you know someone who did the best
at school out my group of friends isn't
doing the best necessarily in their
career so it like it always itself out
and at the end it's what you're happy
about doing and what you want to do like
an exam isn't gonna hold you back from
achieving something that you really
really want to get so yeah this has got
really really deep really really quickly
but I just had that on my mind after
like reading these comments and it's
like oh I want to spread some positivity
I don't want you guys to be like
negative in the comments all the time
when like about your own emotions so
hopefully you can go away from this
video with a slightly more relaxed vibe
maybe I don't know
