hello beautiful sexy people haha that
was a really bad interim so awfully
sorry for that but it does go in theme
with today's video because we are taking
part in a try not to laugh OH you
obviously know what that means we both
watch collectively video clips that are
meant to be funny and the idea is see
whether you love Oh Oh brilliant thank
you so much what I didn't ask you we see
if we can't laugh we've done them before
we haven't done it for ages on this
channel so welcome back to this series
on this channel if you've never seen one
on my channel for your Inverrary usually
in the past I've done them I end up
getting annoyed and just kind of turn
into a bit Randy rather than actually
trying to take part in the game triangle
or grin super hard okay here we go
pretty much over we're gonna hurt Silas
and I don't need a jacket thanks Arthur
oh no matter this is the theme we're
import for this whole video I'm very
unimpressed so far did any of the first
two clips make use of that one and yeah
the news one unusual body inside is some
article yes there's a morbid confession
something I'm seeing with on before I'm
not laughing
he'll I've seen it but like the way she
fell is so dramatic
no matter casually ready three two on it
well yeah barely
but if she I'm just laughing at
replaying it first of all if you walk
into that that is got to be the biggest
shin yes yes there's a one thing it
might spoil a daily ah shin straight
into that and she just like slow
emotionally pulled over well that's how
much I can't work a Petra I mean doesn't
sound that much like that though she
sound a bit like that for nothing right
that's the pirate walking around
sideways why is the park working around
my house watching it
she's a wolf in Mouse clothing ah
the mouse is ghostly how so no my son by
the way is someone like my mom would be
laughing so hard this anything animal
related does animated my mom just
pulling up with hair come back back back
back
come get your backpack okay fine
attendance and pain yes
get yourself an outfit denim boots and
pants and boots and pants no one is
watching this and going you know what
honey we need to go to shop East Hills
because I need everything that promotes
haircut Oh Carlo Jenny was that weather
just like my whole baptizing budget we
just need to show amazing elves hey
buddy were at Petsmart where we're at
that's my mom's mrs. s going to go to
pay tomorrow captain sure I do I do I do
I don't for one absolute legend the kid
absolutely facepalm and just ah let's
call her so much he's fallen like four
times his hide acquire enough details
and listen think that it's reality
have you ever had a dream that that you
um you had you'll do what you can feel
do you it you want you you can do so you
you do you can use you want you want him
to do you so much you can do anything
time to feed my babies come oh my god
what fuck creepy so stupid
the simply funny is not funny
why my to graze on not enough man no
Dana friend
m√≥nica
in my opinion that is ink again there's
amazing who come up with that idea
oh no my day oh good boy gogo oh my gosh
reload so you can do can you do that you
can tell me very cool
took me very long to learn that
so some total jerk watchit said that my
glasses gross I'm saying then I turn
around and I said yeah well your face is
gross this is when I go straight into
the fire putting the bird clear are a
poor girl
my balance and very weird was that home
relief respite in your head firmly grasp
hi my name is Carla saw you can stop at
five or six stores or just one I don't
need friends they disappoint me well hi
I'm Tyler Woolf you could stop at five
or six stores or just one I feel like a
deer in the headlights of love honey you
know the storm no girl it is you could
stop at five or six stores or just one
ohm is costing for another or six stores
or just one you can stop at five or six
stores or just one
I think idea and there we go that is the
end of I try not to laugh I feel like I
only loved properly a few times than
that the thing is when you do these
videos I think I've said it before I'm
saying myself up to try not to laugh to
not be impressed or to not be
entertained so I'm almost set in this
grumpy approach when I'm watching
everything which doesn't really make
sense but I'm just trying to play the
game again so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed it anyway
subscribe if you're new around here
upload videos every single day and I
would see you people tomorrow in another
video goodbye
