hello what's that win filling a nice and
refreshed this morning a little bit of
le√≥n and now i'm in a in brighton
brighton town got meeting actually
meeting with sam my friend sound am I
gonna get on over no no put meet with
Sam and a bank sudden so its own and I'm
heading back up to London for that start
with hides now a little bit of a
birthday shopping it's known as grandma
70th birthday not sure if it's tomorrow
or sunday but wheeling out with her and
known as grand at the end we hang out
amongst them tomorrow hundun so shopping
arab stop her also it's mom's birthday
and mums i'ma comin up
loving mum far enough in Kabul um
oh yes Heidi look at that she is happy
with what she's got little good bruna
room becomes a food today you guys
though it's my favorite place and Brian
for lunch look at this delicious food we
got a massive chicken breast cauliflower
salad and sweet hottie tour de leche oz
get doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
yes a Skynet bad plan stan teams again
ah back Becky and big him and our room
is a complete nut estate because we have
had a fab one delivery and has made the
whole room look of a piece of crap but
that one delivery is something we've
been waiting for for a while but excited
because it is a unit that's literally it
was but we have no storage space in this
desk and nothing really in this room so
we got this a while ago and I only came
today it's not actually meant to have
these handles on mother it is just
string and paint the handle in one of
these things so name is gonna have this
side I'm gonna have this side not really
sure we're going to do with these
drawers so yeah it's a mess because all
of our stuff has been in this and these
boxes and just stuff everywhere I like
to try and go through these boxes so
that's something that we have to do
basically tomorrow and before linings
family come and also my family gone so
it's gonna be really fun okay that's
already SAP set my little night I've
Lynn already plugged it in
and we've got some really weird films
their first daughter and my basketball
DVD collection and the OC I don't own
that many H no oh my god got so many
DVDs to go through actually does he only
own DVDs anymore I feel like DVDs
weren't even that old think about video
tapes and now I'm saying to people even
own DVDs anymore about like Netflix and
online stuff I swear and so don't really
of those who really got anywhere to put
those that might give them to charity or
something yum yum yum look at this food
I've got a hill at stake some Broco loco
and some spinach yum
awesome so I want to happen great oh
good night guys ah at least the end of
todays vlog isn't no inner as weird as
the end of yesterday's I'm sorry for
that weirdness those were supposed to be
and the next few days are exciting slots
of family stuff family time family came
to visit and all that jazz it's a big
world um I think I've rocking a top knot
today what do you think about you
certain my snapchat the other day I have
my blog thing I humble atop my off I was
identified actually we're out but it's
just when my hair's like him in the way
I'm just like y'all to get it over face
man okay i'll see you guys Manila adios
