we have morning hello good morning data
photo shoots we will trek to some
massive part and I'm gonna climb a tree
basically we've got base camp here hi
team and then the other photographer and
designer here we're just sussing out if
I can climb a tree right now because
climbing trees is fun and with vehicle
picture
you
Oh
over at said oh yeah right ok so we're
going to do that we moved back to the
house for the rest of the afternoon of
shoes we are just going through some of
my life stuff where I basically give you
a any smooth as a scream yeah Hey Ya Ya
life hack oh god I give you a sneak boom
look at that you can set them train and
be watching whatever is the you wanna
watch there you go or if you've got
glasses use your glasses that's what we
were using now we're doing shoot this
this is the set we got everyone SAT over
there
took for lighting your knees bounce
things
pretty interesting stuff I'm back for my
green jumper looking vibrant we got the
M over here blowing up through the back
I might try see if i can get still like
to build through the screens and shots
for you at all I don't know ha be loud
or since I stepped on my thing we're
going to take like a couple of month I
what's up man here you go guys here's a
sneak peek from summer stuff we shout
outside you can't see it that well but
there's me kind of like doing a
meditation pose in a tree there's me you
guys just chilling out on on some grass
with some daisies another shot it's all
about like relaxing and how to chill out
and stuff and this is the life hack one
that I was literally to show you so
that's how it's looking on the other
side of the camera as you exist folks on
the phone then there's my face engaging
in the content on the phone so there's a
sneak peek of some of your some of my
picture plate hopefully you'll see in
the book you know what time it is guys
Margaret time but for the shoot not for
a video genuinely pictures in my book of
Margaret so far in the last hour vlog
but now back in Brighton and come home
this evening for a couple of reasons one
on my way to vote I wasn't ready for
postal vote in I didn't sort out in time
so I was like a cool I've got to come on
look at to Brighton to vote some on my
way to that now and I've got a couple of
meetings tomorrow and brighten and I've
also got my lil sister
yeah she's not from Erica how come
you're back now just just come back
she's just come back you're about to eat
Kourtney and she's gonna come and stay
with us in London at some point and we
got big sigh pick on a show for shy it's
show to shine around he's cooking here
I'm picking us up picking me up I feel
very privileged right now ah right guys
I'm gonna go to bed I'm so hot I have
wasted this thing right when I'm really
tired I just feel like I have to stay
awake like I don't actually enjoy going
to bed and sleep in and then in the
morning I always regret it I snow late
so do 12 well mm-hmm could have gone to
bed at like 11 and then yeah I just get
into this weird I have to stay up and go
on my laptop for like years but um yeah
it's the election so I was watching that
um live on TV and actually watching
videos on YouTube as you do and then I
was just sort of thing right I them and
then I need to go to sleep I look so
tired this the laptop lighting is so
good i get so flattering as soon as you
get out laptop lighting you just look
you just like a bit silly my face a
little bit further a bit weird right now
there's an on drugs really not I'm just
just really really died right now my
eyes are almost watering oh all right um
I sleep talking I think I might be like
sleepwalking hori keep my eyes open
um I was it mr. new video by the time
that you've seen that last time you're
watching this or in town on youtuber
selfie impressions oh good boo boo hmm
go watch that you know I'm just gonna
put this up um I will see you guys
tomorrow and I'm a bit more normal can
love you guys thumbs up the video and
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
bye bye bye bye bye I
