morning by the way hello I'm on a shoot
right now for something I don't know
what you've seen or not but I've got
really gob not oh my god this it's not
even a problem it's just like a tuft of
hair hanging out the top of my head it's
all for the shoot though I'm not just
rocking that um maybe I should go out
because it's such a strange top not so
in the reflection or maybe I should walk
out and like see if people give me funny
look so if I walk out lunches
the
I'm not sure what you've seen this I'm
not sure I'm allowed to show you but it
was actually such a fun day shooting for
me and the collaboration that it is yeah
it's just a load of fun and now I'm in
limbo bar cooking dinner we're making
 eaters
lime is in charge of all of that and I'm
in charge of sweet sweet pork chicken
and corn on the cob we still haven't
figured out why the off steamer takes
literally a century to actually start
steaming stuff I never understand look
how blaring that flame is and it's
boiling and that's absolutely bubbling
under there but it's like the steam
doesn't work oh yeah I put the chicken
in here that is a lot of chicken
actually you know well look at this
scrumdiddlyumptious we got our corn on
the cobs steamed think they cooked the
chicken sliced avocado and cherry
tomatoes we got our salad leads which
we're going to use as the wraps and we
got the fajita mix in here with some
brown rice and so all good stuff and
name is cashew cheese that she made the
other day I can't really go near cashew
cheese still because cashew cheese is
what I tremble when was it in January
when we're in LA actually we're in San
Francisco and I got the flu and became
really really ill that was not because
of but I had a pizza that night with
cashew cheese on and you know when
you're sick or something and it just
kind of puts you off it forever or for a
long while I know ma'am I tried it when
we had our friends and our Mexican night
you're like but that thought of the
cashew cheese singing my song puking all
up
yummy yeah all right guys look at my
clean-shaven face
I've got probably one of the biggest
photo shoots have ever done because it's
from a book it's so weird I can talk
about this now before I was like oh I
can't talk about my book photo shoots
but I've got the next two days of book
shoot days so yeah probably some of the
most important ones I've ever done
lowest site to come up this this crappy
little thing what's the point in your
existence spots especially from ingrown
hairs and the most irritating things in
the world I also want to ask you guys
what this is because you know you guys
are just like medics and stuff
there's no very good lighting but I
think when I'm tired when I'm tired and
I haven't really feel this out and so
I'm asking you I you see I have these
bits they go on my eyes they sort of
darken a bit kind of like eczema but
it's not eczema they don't really it but
they just darken or you can see them
there look there and then they run under
there I don't know if it's sort of
stress or if it's tiredness or weather
or something but do any of you know if
any of you had it because I would like
to know what it is what do you think it
isn't in - what though
I've robbed them a lot in the morning
yeah I have very sensitive skin as I'm
speaking as if like 50% of you have
medics but the you guys ruins great -
all things because you usually know the
answers to certain things some people
that I do I know we are getting into bed
and we're about to watch a bit suits and
then we're going to bed and waking up
early going to the gym and then
photoshoots dying
so yes that is my nipple in case you've
never seen your nipple and I'm going to
bed
so I was you guys manana
how do ask me amigos
