hello people of the internet I look like
I'm walking on my own I'm not come on
put this on me so I was a little bit
hungover earlier there's no name Bob
being native through NRG saucer didn't
end the vlog and then yeah just was
moaning out for half a day just chillin
but I'm all good now
and we've come for a walk and we're
gonna go go for dinner and just cheer me
into had a bowl of silver but it's
blowing for 12 and me getting up at 12
is not usual I never usually go
it's so like I used to go a lot when I
was younger and I rarely do it now
obviously I when I was in IB fur that
that's what I felt like I be fur you do
that getting at 6:00 in the morning
five days in a row that's why it kills
you and then that was when we move house
when I came back and I was ill remember
it was funny because and I was watching
the vlog the other day I wasn't moving
into that flat and in in the car on the
way I'm like I'm so oh and I was like
NIM Bob help me and you're like nope
I have zero sympathy for you oh yeah it
was self-inflicted
yeah I want that put on clothes like the
Thornton looks really cold restart the
boiler we've got no heat in hot water
again when the boiler man Ken to fix
that he didn't actually fix it say we're
still without that blowing on just quite
humid look at those of you guys I
genuinely feel like I'm in LA right now
and went up in the Hollywood Hills
looking down on LA
that is London got the shard over there
it's a pretty sexy view but I think them
I found I discovered it a while ago but
I wanted to secret and just bring me
here now right so we're just chillin on
the grass
no just chillin and we're gonna play a
game literally as cold resist the grass
okay so you know shoving grass in my
face it's like I've got this piece here
let's see how long you can have it up in
your nose actually up my nice touch
around the bottom on that okay go along
okay
and different just use this one
okay ready
why does it make you like freak out in
the wild and in the world with markets
hi guys Jillian Bob we've just been
camping out for the night and we're
watching a wild set of people is
actually a couple on a bench about five
meters away and their woman keeps
staring at me and she's laughing because
I'm speaking to a camera in the grass
the woman on the bench have a look
wild species that one showing your now
look other guys just my ladies on a
sunbed
he's just chillin I want to go to sleep
I wear a vector for that bait what the
hell is on my forehead you put a dent in
your head what we got a vein in my head
in her life
notjust on the camera guys in room okay
this is really freaking out a nice game
bingo no look at the vein
I've got really bad wrinkles now the
veins getting bigger those are the tree
trunk in my forehead look at my wrinkles
go together
you gotta get it sure and so like we've
just been watching the Kurt Cobain
montage of heck I think it's called
which yeah is it it's a new documentary
all about its memory of the most
in-depth documentary and well produced
documentaries of is this in focus focus
of Kurt Cobain well that's just great
that's fabulous and we watched about
first hour I think it's a couple of
hours long and then we just so it's so
tired I'm really tired and I think I
look really tired
look at my um my the coloring under here
who have been punched in my eyes so yeah
um tomorrow is this week is actually
crazy busy for me tomorrow I want to
shoot a video shoot all day and then the
next two days after that book shoot book
photo shoots around the flat
and Oh awesome and then yeah put photos
sheets and then we've got to go back to
Brighton again on Thursday so yeah it's
pretty packed the next few days but all
the good stuff so yeah thumbs up video
if you guys enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow
yes I remember to end the vlog you've
gotta give a thumbs up for that I
struggled the past few days but remember
today alright guys I will see you
tomorrow
