we're packed up and ready to go morning
by the way we are heading back home for
one night first time going home since
being in London I think we're ready I'm
vlogging in the dark it's saudades
places yeah it's called 911 on time boom
boom boom see you in a minute hello why
line in your wall term it's that nice
line in your water hello hello oh she's
giving you a kiss guys you should feel a
privilege for that I love doing this
game of a chat usually if you go to
straighten up or like this they pull it
away what I do know watch well you can
keep oh oh you wanna are you have taught
mithi does mr. night I belly being
stroked remember ash doesn't it too
happy of that shot lots of nuts under
there oh she really is it all in the
water there now never bit that thing
here oh where the fun fact not fun facts
just telling you when we first got meti
she was the shyest cat and she was
really intimidated and didn't didn't
warm to anyone like didn't wanna be
stroked wouldn't be picked up now now
she knows you she loves it she just
loves like subtly still she has her
moments don't you like her oh look
around I'll play via intimates um I am
hang off to a train with Jemaine I
haven't been obviously being in London
train with train for a while so
hopefully be nice to see him and just do
some training of him left my shoes
upstairs she probably gonna get those
over here we had some boys doing some
wild free running very technical job
he's doing oh god my son even do OH
cattle now we've got his little mate
trying to hop on up there
not really getting much all and no he is
almost yeah well done brother ah so yeah
back home training with dreamers dice
now when I came back home like a little
while ago I showed you guys my old room
from this house and it looked like
exactly the same now believe or not this
is actually they've painted it in the
last like month look how different is
okay so this is my old room like where
this whole thing started to look so from
in here than a wide shut the door look
how different is look at the coloring
the stud like you wouldn't even know
this was my old room it's so weird think
like my bed it's the same bed this bed
was up against there came back here so
that still kind of Lies did I did some
filming saps here and that was the
background and but that was brown they
were all brown that they've had some
kind of like vintage effect on so
they've been painted if it focuses and
they've had like they'd be made to look
worn I think there should have really
awesome and then the old desk the desk
where it all began was here I say all
began I didn't all begin here but like
that's where my channel took off and
where I started to like grow like I'd
make my videos literally stand over
there and have the little lights up
there and film me and now the this room
is completely unrecognizable oh there's
that picture oh ya lousy but knowing we
didn't like the page by the way I loved
it knowing we didn't and so parents now
have it but yeah how weird is that if
you remember what the what the my videos
were like then yeah you guys this is for
you guys the first people that would of
watched videos in this room if you want
to get really a really old school like
this this is actually going to be worth
15 Marcus points this bedroom is where I
actually started like genuinely
this is the room where I started my
youtube channel this is my old room that
moved to my sister's room it looks
completely different it was all blue two
shades of blue I had this was the this
was actually the film background k so
this I put my camera up here and this
was the war I had a mirror there I think
and then the topless calendar was
hanging off of there the famous topless
calendar my desk self was here if you
watch if you got you know I'm going to
put a link to an old video called magic
glass it no magic I want to say magic
glasses they that was film in this room
and you can sort of see a sort of setup
for that room i'll put a link in the
description players because that would
be interesting for you guys to see I
 this is my mirror for that staccato
X I thought was really cool when I first
went to New York I came back home again
i'm just still like cool new york yo new
yawk um yeah this was the mirror like
there was a oh my god i literally
recreated this video from here like I
was talking into it like this so this is
the new camera can someone come up with
a name for this okay it's a canon I want
it the name to be MF see it's got a big
good name ok so please leave a comment
of a name for it and yeah so I just
wanted to actually show you what it's
lie I'm still getting to grips with it
obviously but yeah it's cool hello
people I hope you like that little video
that I just filmed and it'd be really
helpful if you give a thumbs up if you
liked it as it helps me out a lot and
that means you yeah memories guys from
bedroom
bullying to London live in Simon's are
got some new crocs actually quicker huh
has he these are actually quite I mean
these are cool Crocs I'm just saying how
cool your crocs are sigh on some crooks
like that they can't be what's he said
shopping trip with sigh how's your hand
side yeah good thinking just picked up a
t-shirt I need to get a common bits his
we've got not we I've got book photo
shoot on Wednesday and Thursday and it's
at my flat ah she's like really got any
clothes I've got all my clothes are like
pouring Joel colors like red black and
white laughing ingenuity what my water
consists of so I was like right I need
to go out and get conversations that a
bit brighter so start it off with this
one but we have got an August
interaction we're going today although
most this off is my favorite song is
just round a week grey black come wine
but Pacific
just picked up a juice also introduced
mom to it would you think mum loves
there and being quite successful got
three tops so I'm a paper also I wanted
to plug this I think I'm showing this
before but this is the broad William and
as soon as you can't wait this won't
fill in where we did Amity first no no
what was that called out of the dire
that is where we did ample you should
blow hammer and yeah look at this bill
Ram it suddenly makes you feel like you
are not in England at all have you been
to rock fillion I've never been that yes
yes what's inside and takes me on a tour
used to be a princess yeah juiciosa
prince was now mmm very pretty and yeah
that over there's i'm at first one point
home
I look at these guys what they're
kicking about a bit plastic it's so cool
siphoning fever and I'm charlie tuna say
my specialty you guys nose must be much
in a fake some kick him this is mine oh
this should be turned actually probably
get more filming only get Molly 19
crispy well yet spin crispy for that all
right how did that go whether that guys
we've just done a flip on the first one
on mine in minute mum John see what the
top of this one's looking like this kid
right here we have the famous Butler
special tuna steak I'm excited to see
what everyone things that Simone went
for his old CB worse but um he thinks
that the state is pretty good right guys
Phil ice is back to old school ending a
vlog with a laptop screen on my face
yeah I bit my sister's room because the
other were my other sisters in so I'm
staying in Heidi's from Heidi offices
near she stand in America BAM yeah I'm
saying harem and it feels really weird
but really weird I sleep miss room if I
sometimes owe me Jana Beth and now i'm
just in her room because bit weird but
it's 20 past 12 and there's a massive
boxing fight on and about four hours
mayweather pacquiao some of you may know
about it now i want to watch if i'm
definitely not washing in life because
it does a 5am so i've recorded it and i
wake up early and watch it without look
at my phone or anything so hopefully i
can just go and watch n no one takes me
any results so
the really crucial i think so i can i
was reading your comments below about
yesterday's blog when eyes i'll donate
some days boring some days not i just
want to say thanks for your comments
because i basically you it just like
that it's nice to you have down days or
days when you're working because it
shows that you're like normal and stuff
say yeah ma only a thumbs up video
enjoyed it subscribe your knee I'll see
you beautiful people tomorrow but
