good morning guys good morning workout
complete body is a it's coming along
it's coming along never really show you
how is this stuff I don't know if you
want me to show you or not but it's
coming on on my training regime the new
trainer and yeah anyway I need to not
shower and it pop out and buy some meat
because we have got a dinner party
tonight knowing these two friends are
around their boyfriends right now I need
to make white meat to cook for that so
that's what I'm going to do
I've been out got some lunch and some
chicken for tonight's dinner party this
is what lunch entails chicken salad
avocado soup seeds quinoa and they
always give you a bit of bread aren't
they lovely
after viewing footage of the road
yesterday I have come to the conclusion
that this camera is better in the mode
that it's always been in and not in the
video mode which makes absolutely zero
sense me all the clips that I switched
over and even today up and using some
they're just blurry like they flicker
light enter now and the colorings odd
there's definitely no difference between
the shakiness I just clearly can't hold
a camera very well
suited and booted or not just annoying a
suit oh I'm just in a shower for the
dinner party that's later table table
the table dinner table set we got little
watermelon napkins I don't is the spoon
man I go left or right
Nym is the spoon man I go to the left or
right yeah but does it point to the left
or the right
Oh we've gone left we'll see how it goes
down you excited for dinner party I feel
like this is something 14 year old plus
there's like a hopless we've made to the
other one
but it's a proper dinner party not like
oh yeah come round we'll get like a
takeaway but put on food and like
three-course meal it's like me and my
friends basically my girlfriend's leave
out up for brunch should we like oh my
god no I'm in London we can host dinner
parties all the time so we were like
yeah this is put one in the diary and
then we put it in the diary and I feel
like every day leading up Spence did you
know that everything we're having some
kind of make a spending thing right yes
Mexican casserole kind of thing oh no
he's been like preparing stuff all day
and my job is to dude of meat so I'm
gonna cook chicken I'm gonna make a
right thingamabob in there there's
somebody gets around
there were lobster I'm doing me other
stages so long if they look amazing
the grilled chicken breast but they
whole night has been a great success a
fabulous success I didn't vlog anything
just again because when I meet new
people I don't just like shoving the
camera in their face like they knew I do
and stuff which is cool and then really
nice people but I'm still not at that
level I can just whip my camera out and
be like so what are you thinking that
guy's like what's that they're eating
good I mean well maybe you don't know I
mean most you may not be bloggers but
this was the setup how'd you think it
went Lim Bob yeah our food my chicken
was a major role in the meal to be fair
as I showed you that you can did
literally take 40 minutes to cook
nothing Riddle and we played a bit of
the old CAH cards against humanity' ya
know then it's bloody good job I did as
well but yeah everyone liked food which
was a great success
I just I was vlogging over there that
was awesome what can really smell that
can lessons all this pulls nice and
pumped up now I'm so tired this room so
xie na I was a pup a new video last
night by the time the election spit up
tonight but but I own it last night so
if you haven't seen it make sure to go
check out on the main channel I'm pretty
happy with actually so it's all good why
does this camera angle make me look
really really weird
oh my god I've never realized that my
nose moves so much when I talk oh my god
and now the cameras gone out
focus okay that's me telling telling me
from my nose and now I'm just talking
and this is how much you're me your nose
moves what's on my lip I think I've
chapped lips ready that's much better
think I'd forget the camera just so
awesome I've got am kept up a new video
idea yesterday from my main channel
which I'm gonna be filming for next week
which I am pretty excited to film know
it if it's gonna come out good but I'm
pretty excited to film it I think you
might be funny anyway I mean it's bad
thumbs up really enjoyed it and I'll see
you guys tomorrow PS sorry if today's
folks being a bit rubbish II sometimes
this is the pressure I feel if they
believe organ right sometimes I find it
hard to get everything done in not
everything that I find it hard to
necessarily think of like good content
to film not good content but like a day
where I'm at home working all day or I'm
just you know want a down day or like we
have friends around or something that I
can't always be out and about filming
exciting stuff I worry that that's not
exciting for you guys now I know some of
you are like oh but we like to see the
days when you're at home and so that
because you can relate to me just
chilling at home and stuff but I worry
that you know I'm sharing my life with
you and I don't want it to become boring
if everyone's boring let me know and
maybe I'll do less vlogs but make them
more fun but I really like David I'm
gonna share my life for you and Chang to
you guys every day so yeah let me know
your thoughts on that I'm actually gonna
go now so bye
