well look guys whatup with your face I
not showered yet we've had people here
all this morning fixing the boiler
because our heating and water is all
messed up in this place our blinders
broken again nimble broke that best time
I broke the laws on in vibrate this tiny
break it because you set up to be broken
if it nah me and I love the dress looks
like a ray of sunshine I am so tired
guys yes these action acted me ain't
glad so much adrenaline going through my
body all of yesterday I'm just like I
didn't see it very well that's you and
you sleep well no he was rolling around
in the duvets game like might kick me
and then I wake up yet I didn't say when
um so I'm gonna go and shout out and
yeah hopefully waters warmed up now now
he has been filming as you can see my
new shoes and I'm kind of in love with
them trainers I used to be obsessed of
trainers I genuinely like I would go and
get like a limited edition trainers and
when the time and in the last few is I
just kind of stopped wearing them and I
would be many more like desert boots and
stuff but I saw these to replace my old
leopard Mike ones because I'm almost
like three years and I Colin so far what
do you guys think I know they don't I'm
wearing some dodgy socks of them and
then i got these which are not usually
what would go for but i'm not me i'll
show you like a mess is look at what
mess nine years it's not something i'd
usually go for but
I yeah yeah I don't really know I'm
training I've just cool and we've got
one of the play balls I say table it's
actually cool Swiss ball but I can
really play boys filming know me earlier
and I Susan this is my cherish to settle
a bit on butter cracker delicious
grapefruit this is a complete custom
made stir fry that I've made guys it's
literary from scratches got chicken
broccoli greens a whole load of stuff in
it and now otherwise can take that bear
looks good throw off in the bed ah
commence QA I basically haven't filmed
much today for the vlog mainly because I
have been doing book stuff and I've been
skyping and I haven't felt like a
hundred percent there a bit of a dodgy
stomach earlier so I just did a quick
tweet and just want answer some of your
questions real quick so here we go
favorite day of the week Marie friday
because i upload my main channel pity on
youtube and friday everyone's happy
because it is the weekend so there's
always like this good positive vibe
about fridays if you could change one
bad thing about the world what would it
be cancer i would eliminate cancer from
the world did you ever think you'd be
able to day to vote for such a long
period of time honestly no when I
started David bogging it hasn't been a
year yet but it's nearly many year and
that moment feels like not even long ago
as when mean I'm is Owen Alfie were in
LA and it was that week I was like yeah
you know I'm gonna daily vlog and that
feels like isn't that nuts thing I say
year ago that's insane well not you're
like 10 months ago did you enjoy Ireland
only got us what I'd usually say island
and I was like Ireland my name is Marcus
oh you look darling oh my kyra I've come
back Irish it was a 34
there's a gym shirt and that's top
what's the first thing you would do if
you mysteriously got pregnant rub my
belly uncontrollably what's your
favorite day of the year really really
cliche probably Christmas favorite
candle smell Sam Smith's voice what was
your favorite subject at school that is
a very good question what was my thought
you can answer it ah hey we are also an
English class no English can be very fun
for lots of people out there know
spanish i did like spanish cuz we got to
mess about and i was actually good at
spanish and the teacher really liked me
ah but p I realized p as well are you as
excited as I am for your book um I hope
so I am extremely excited for my book
and I hope you guys are too what did you
have for breakfast this morning I had
two fried eggs on a piece of rye bread
with almond butter on and a handful of
spinach would you like most about your
new house being in the area that we're
in and being in London like the move
from London from Brighton to London has
hasn't seemed like a big deal at all but
it feels the fact that we're so central
and we can just pop out for our meetings
rather than have to think about getting
a two-hour train up to brighten up to
London then spend the day there and then
get to our train back it's like nice to
know we can just hop in a car or hop on
the tube and we're like BAM central
London who is behind you clearly nobody
or at least I'd hope so that there's
nobody hiding behind there how do you
say syrup Sarah what keeps you motivated
love your videos ah that's a really
really good question so motivation is
something that everyone can achieve it's
just how you go about achieving that
a lot of people the main thing that you
should have for motivation is yourself
so it's great that other people can
inspire you and you can have people to
help motivate you but at the end of the
day the only person who really can
motivate you is yourself so it's how
I've learned about that myself and how I
best motivate myself and it depends all
way to ignite for talking about
motivating yourself to go to the gym
motivating yourself to go out the house
like all the different things that I do
will have different levels of motivation
for them that sounded really he liked
science and technical but it's kind of
true you know like my motivation to go
to the gym is that if I'm ever feeling
unmotivated I will look at how I used to
look in a picture of my body and think
cool I don't want to look like that yes
it's combination of food and the gym so
not just as a hair in my mouth if it's
talking about motivating myself for
videos it's me thinking of a video that
I've had fun making and want to give
myself that happiness and that joy of
putting something out that I'm happy
with as well as what you guys enjoy
because you are the ones that watch my
videos and do all the things that make
this possible to do as a job so I also
want to make you guys happy at the same
time deep question are you and I me
still considering moving on moving to LA
one day potentially I'm not gonna say no
just because as you guys know we do love
it a lot just the lifestyle and the Sun
now there and there is this kind of
almost bubble over there but if you find
like good people and you you're happy
there and you can live into the
lifestyle and great have you ever
thought how your life would be with out
having YouTube another really these
questions are really awesome I like
doing these like spontaneous q and A's I
haven't really thought that if I'm
thinking about it right now
it would feel very lonely because the
great thing about having people like you
and not to get like all cliche and deep
and stuff but I have you guys like you
guys have my back not just in a flake
out in a fight not talking about that
but I mean that you are always there at
any time of the day anywhere in the
world someone is there to respond to me
so if i send the tweet out somewhere
around the world some of you will reap
you replying to that some you will be
commenting on a video right now whilst
i'm seeking right now while you're
watching it some of you will thumbs up
this video right now whilst watching
that and if I'm ever feeling down or
lonely like I can turn to you guys look
I have you there to like help bring me
back up I know it sounds really deep not
that that happens often but it's nice to
know that I have that there um as well
as have fun with you like I can laugh
with you I can share my life experiences
with you and everything that I find
funny name he finds funny you guys get
to see as well and that's kind of
special I guess so thinking about it it
would be a very weird and quiet world
without YouTube who's a better rapper
you or JJ and brackets que si obviously
maki bubba on the track represent like
there's not really a comparison when it
comes to the top of the rap game are you
still thinking of getting a dog or not
now as you're in london if no must
answer this question she would say yes
the answer is still we are thinking of
it definitely but also need to weigh up
how much we travel what we can do have a
dog when we travel like can you put me
into dog hotels could be given to
friends for the day and obviously way up
having a dog because it's a huge
commitment but one I think we would
definitely be capable of doing and ready
to take so it's definitely on the
horizon
potentially but we'll see and on that
note boys and girls I'm ending this vlog
I feel this is a really really chilled
QA like I feel very mellow in my voice
and articulate and I'm answering
questions but yeah I am going to bed
thumbs up if you enjoyed this this bed
Q&A with me even though I know when I
asked about doing Q&A those you're like
no this is a daily vlog channel but
sometimes I like to interact with you
guys and also if I haven't done a lot
it's great to like me to sit down and do
this um so yeah on that note I'm going
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow
