good morning
I am not that exciting yet but here in a
TV studio yeah this is what I'm gonna be
on this just daily preparation for every
vlog makeup done
do I look happy lace that below so had
all my neck done as well never really
also patched up got my Dianna rewards
badge here and the anti bullying bad
cheer both lose together this is a bit
wonky Yankee Doodle
sure so I run through channels on
YouTube one of them is like a comedy and
the second one is I throw my life
everyday and the video that the
shayateens gone through my main channel
which is like a comedy entertainment
also cover series not so easy
parks become cheaper you know that's
you're looking very strong and confident
all the rest of it there when you're
being rude you feel the officers so to
speak up I mean the main story I had was
I was gay taking gymnastics and Isaac
school and I was pretty good at
gymnastics I think I took very seriously
but I was getting full names at school
and that led to me stopping it and at
the time I didn't think about going
thing I talked about I just oh yeah and
that's why I made a video okay so I
don't know what was shown of me on TV
but that is a fun and exciting
experience all for a good cause as well
thanks for watching
so now I've been heading to place the
queen of clans no idea we've got a
couple hours to explore so I just know
we're around and trying to get it can
hold feel for my poining we this is
tourists all the postbox is an iron
green if they'll that amazes me that's
so cool
a life made we were walking through this
our page mates up hit this then and I
was like I saw this sign Oh healthy
pancakes
obviously I'm wrong about that and yeah
we've just gone in there or just like
breakfast and super health ever pay do
stuff now it's a proper off my street is
the journey after I'm such a loser and
then we walked in and we were like oh
yeah yeah we're sorry I've got cash and
and realized that we're an island and
everything's euros so can I need to go
get some euros now how unbelievably
creepy is that baby what the hell
what is this Dublin is just getting
better and better
opposite the cash point there's a health
food shop now we're just failing across
the road we should probably just trust
them oh wait no look at this food so
this is the place right through focus
there we go it's one all about even got
bit Jenga if you want to play but this
is like a granola healthy granola thing
I don't even know what it is and they
said these are like flaxseed and
buckwheat pancakes a thing with almond
butter nuts and stuff it was made in
Lucy got it she's already like destroyed
her and now although it's like my vlog
the other day birds I don't have food
you
I tweeted asking you guys watching
because I have an hour to kill in Dublin
so it's like watch I do and so many of
you are like oh no more can't stephen's
green so we looked on the map it was
right hand photo from there
so stephen's green everyone scenic views
Phillip in Central Park
on Tom's jump in the river oh my god
imagine how cold that is oh that's a bit
chunky see you go
hello Harvey well done Dublin this is
very nice
bloody hell was that
welcome to the green room a green room
that is not green I'm yet to be in a
green room that is green this is a
photographer hello mr. photographer you
just took a lot of pictures of me
holding up all of the like ambassadorial
ambassadorial that word and is it it
ambassadorial check me out and had a
little play on the guitar
yes this is where we're gonna be like
hanging for a bit and we're getting a
tour of Facebook in a bit and I think
I'm dead it's a bit restrictive what I
can film in case any of you see a piece
of code and steal it and make up a new
cycle leg face or something and I um so
I don't know what I'd be able to show
that but that should be quite fun
only in Facebook would they have a
vending machine for electronics I need
this in my life so of course the right
something new with a billion signatures
just who the people have just scribbled
over just drawn lines through that's
offensive
the markets the wool of magical no I'm
here they already three - did you plan
to do though did you just wait for new
intro hey it's Marcus what's up or how
you doing
chillin on my youtube channel how'd you
differentiate yourselves and Joe and on
this side I'm on bass is that a thing
we actually just you know kind of thing
it's all good so I've never done this
before I'm in the toilet right now
taking a toothbrush to clean my teeth
you're not in the toilet
I know but if you want a bro you have to
hold the camera I've locked fights there
you go hey everyone I think I really
really hold your hand over that because
that's the speaker so the technique is
this hold the slide like that I am yeah
there you go
hey what I'm gonna get a very nice shot
of Mark is for all of you girls you
can't you can see us though
I don't want to see I'm gonna shock this
guy oh my god of course
you caught me someone watches going oh I
am from this country's like consult
please tell me this guy's name good John
chillin is Max's camera
cash market what am i doing today we are
here at the diner Awards supporting
anti-bullying and you were on TV this
morning that there was the couch you
comfortable couch there never keep you
awake Market Market Market have you ever
been on a couch knee blended in like
they were wearing red skinny jeans
you're on BBC Breakfast why is it what I
was gonna say fresh ray what's going on
however got water in a bar and put
yourself in quarters called yourself
always have news border may bother
people they say that all smart Sunday
here's a boomerang
yes mugs give some moves give us some
moose yes
Hey
hi everyone Hey so considering I'm in
future videos but essentially millions
of people right now I'm like really
nervous so just bear with me but yes in
an introduction I post videos online
I make comedy videos and I post once a
week and I mostly throw my life
overall I received around 20 million
views a month and about a year ago I
posted a video on how to deal with
bullying so I experienced a little bit
footing when I was in school I used to
do gymnastics and I was kind of quite
good at gymnastics I was like a meeting
at han sido people school used to take
me out before it instead call names and
all the kind of horrible things that got
to me and all the time I didn't turn ten
I did a speed painting on I just thought
the best thing to do would be to stop
doing something I like doing and that
would make people stop going to names
looking back on that now that's
something that I really regret and
seeing that I have this audience of
people that watch me I wanted to get
that message out
you know if you do something that you
love that some are putting in for it
never let someone bring you down that's
a my regrets I weigh you know share my
income and it was from that video that
terror from a truly appropriate after
and twittering he was like hey man I
really really like the video thanks for
things to do that we'd love to work with
you to do some stuff we spoke back and
forth on Twitter and they've like
recovered twit securities and they did
going back to school doing a my advice
on that stuff and then a month ago right
throughout Ireland I went to visit
Newbridge college I think a bunch of
bikes over era from Newbridge college
and I figured sealed what they'd be
doing in their school as my masters and
amazing for me to see how times have
changed you know I left school like what
six years ago seven years ago and a
different from what I had in school to
what is now available in some schools
was amazing image but move my mind what
he's glad to do it
and we basically made a video on that is
so dynamo nominations are actually still
open and they can go makes for a lot of
ways hello everyone
fingers crossed I can do a decent job
with this song everyone okay I can
assure you I'm definitely three times
more nervous America's laws tell me what
you want to eat something
some of you guys lit refreezing 10 hours
in the airport just let some food now
we're running a little bit late frog
game then what was that clothes like
here in Valletta habitat
there's not a lot of people in this
Airport it's really weird when I was
here a month ago is packed but yeah we
are coming up to the gate now and we
could be slightly left in the gate
closes in a few minutes so always part
of funny
Wednesday's been so awesome like I don't
know what you guys seeing it looked like
a film so much and obviously I haven't
edited it yet but January was such an
incredible thing for me to be involved
with and something I'm so passionate
about and you know today I've been on
Irish TV this morning talking about it
and then I spoken for a my 250 people
did a perturbation I am presenting the
video and then got to meet a load of you
guys and it's just all for like this
incredible cause Oh
you know helping to promote
antialienation making bullying not a
cool thing so you know I have this
YouTube following and you guys who watch
my videos it's amazing that I can bring
opportunities on just gonna thank me
dive anything hopefully all of you guys
are other people as well so that
supposed to me anyway serious stop okay
no other ways the gate
