good morning actually probably afternoon
huh because it's I'm on a train I'm not
a train I'm walking towards train clear
you know I'm focused as well awesome
we have to get way because I'm going to
island Jimbo I went last month with the
brilliant charity or this is like pot
Tula and I've got I'm going to take
Facebook headquarters to present an
award which I'm so nervous for and a
presentation about the video from last
time
so doing all these stuff that it's
really really cool but it's gonna be
never know it's free
always get table
there's Lucy over there somewhere
Lucy she's never gonna ham it there's
going up the steps this is our lovely
plane
wet cold island I'm in you yeah ah oh
look I'll show you the hotel oh wait can
you
oh what am I being like well oh my
god this is like the most complex tour
in the world
Wow look at that oh yeah it's very cold
look at that view I've no idea
wait is this what else's room pretty
 um hello so I think that's Facebook
headquarters by the way that's why I'm
spending most of the day tomorrow
yeah no idea what part I'm in well no as
in I'm in Dublin sorry I know exactly
what I mean I don't know where in Dublin
what oh no it's just the door again that
is the most complex balcony door I've
ever seen
yes I'm in Ireland for the fifth time
you want me to tell you one more time
and we are going out for dinner I'm here
again with anti-bullying who I worked
with before and yeah I'm here them to
present an award I think I explained all
this to Elliot so I'm just gonna stop
but we're gonna explore Dublin we're
going for dinner hopefully I get some
chance to actually go out into Dublin
and maybe bump in Tucson you guys I'm
not wanna point out as well really
quickly before I go running time bit
late I'm not actually yet Wow I wanted
to point out that I wanted to do a
meet-up and I said I would but there
were some complications with Facebook
because I wanted to get them to like
post Meetup but things didn't quite work
out so that couldn't happen and we're
not I don't have time here to just host
around a meet-up so I was kind of like
oh it's really annoying
that I do want for you guys but yeah I'm
sorry about that basically I really want
to do one and hopefully what I will do
is bring my book tour here so I can meet
as many of you guys as possible because
ain't no people because of how bloody
windy is it looks lovely up there fun
fact we've just CNN and Peter Express
but for some reason in Ireland it is
called me land nor me no I'm not I've no
idea why it is good that Irish people
let me know is that just a Dublin thing
is it more than that
I don't know
should have asked them actually we had
the biggest table I didn't want to film
anything because because in 20 people on
the table and I was right in the middle
that would have been like yeah guys got
my meal and no but the winds calm down a
bit and the area that we're in seems
very new so over here they've got this
like because he was bridge yeah massive
old like peak thing very fancy that's
our hotel
Lucy's basically well chuffed with her
Instagram Cheers
oh here we go plan scenes here I find
that size no storage
you guys might see that later Lucy come
on self promo get out there you don't
know Instagram I think is Lucy Calandra
oh now my Instagram's flippin because I
went on the App Store because these guys
will I go download this hat it's now
trying to update all maps and because
I'm in Ireland I've internet so I can't
open any apps now thanks guys those
shoes that make her fart sound when I
walk this on
it's only my right one and it into the
room so I just found out that I just
found out found out awhile I'm gonna be
on live TV tomorrow in Ireland you guys
might have seen it already but I'm very
nervous I haven't done live TV yet and
hopefully you know with my book stuff
and that I might get a chance to do that
in England but I've never done like TV
they're like yeah you've done like if
you haven't I was like um no and then
they're like oh so you're gonna be on
the biggest one in Ireland tomorrow
which is like the equivalent of ITV
England and I was like oh cool
the obviously talk about the campaign
one being involve it and you know why
I'm here basically so it's obviously for
a good cause but I'm just nervous
because I'm gonna be on live TV in
Ireland yeah right guys and in a bed oh
I'm really really nervous for tomorrow
and I know I know what's gonna happen
ends up where we get there and I'll be
fine when I'm actually live but the
thought of being live on TV is
nerve-racking Syria is not even in my
country anyway yeah I'm doing that it's
more it should be really fun because
Facebook its Facebook headquarters which
would be cool and I'm just gonna be
doing lots and lots of stuff tomorrow so
hopefully it'd make a good video and
yeah I am sorry this log has been short
because traveling and just well um yeah
I'm doing it's better I have a question
for you guys if you're still watching it
this late first of all congrats but
actually now that I'm pushing for you
now save that and save a mission with a
VJ sorry that's really annoying I'm
gonna go to bed right love you guys is
very bad
