just been planning a video I've been on
some vid yesterday and I'm doing the
cutaways today did did did day hey I am
gonna go food shopping because we have
such left food in this house and all
should shop window there is command of
the minute David hun big man areas hey
donde alright yeah ok now yeah good my
viewers might have missed you have been
on my channel may not be with me I'm in
advance I wasn't over I've never doubted
her you know we had a couple of drinks
as you have one drink we're going for
some drinks and potentially some food so
I haven't booked anything as well
earlier I was filming in C load stuff
but the night is young day
hot pot six and see what the night
doesn't store for us he's already going
for a chit the cow excited he is are you
excited man is so happy of himself we
have come to the blurriness for dinner
Zoe have done there we go we have come
to something it doesn't even branding
where's your branding guys there is what
hacker for the old dinner being given a
couple of map shows nantou back toes
delicious would you like some oh look at
that i'm some chicken and rice now I
deal with eyes and to broccoli and also
some sweet potato dates very annoyed
with its amount of state days got very
annoyed I'd be annoyed too we might
think getting some more food actually
let's see how this goes we can always
order more after
you
headed by
but guys wait he intrude that in our
flat there's the boy himself there we
are nice hair Tyler he's honor I've just
got home and nim said him on TV well not
me obviously titles on TV but I was on a
clip I was Chris staff as well and Kevin
there's Kevin that's so cool also I've
just got back and it smells amazing and
then boppers beats and cookies how good
today now really good and there's so
easy to make did you block them or
anything how did you do they look so
yummy on even ground almonds maple syrup
coconut oil the house the whole house
smells means that i was there any
fantasy cookies no I proper crispy as
well that business oh yeah these are
really good
hmm all right what I haven't shown you
guys is the other day we had a handyman
round to put all the light fixtures on
the walls because when wearing my last
flat we didn't really we had all that we
bought bought all this stuff for the
walls and stuff but we never actually
put a lot of it up like this clocked
remember this clock that we had we order
ages ago and we never put it up but now
it's up and it looks really cool we need
to put batteries in it though wait
that's actually where it's four minutes
past twelve and that's nearly four
minutes past twelve that's the only way
because I thought isn't mine oh he was a
god deer head do you guys remember Stan
know what are we call him Stan here Stan
say hello Stan steak stan is there
anything else up here how funny maybe an
inch to a big fall go on let's go to bed
an involve i'm going to show you guys
first and stuff downstairs hmm um but
then I realized that's a stimulant like
coffee isn't it oh yeah yeah pour en
reading oops she not feel tired yeah but
I don't you go to see oh dayum Bob you
could have an active brain all night
they got a copy why is it so hot up here
why is it 24 degrees on this floor and
we've got this really weird heating
system up here um and it just never
works bike I don't why is it 24 degrees
nothing that you said it to actually
ends at work in she can switch it off
and see if that does anything but blood
boiling
this is the other thing that we got well
I got and the pitch that I really like
unless as whereas so as you walk into
the bedroom you can see this every day
never stop exploring same place you guys
never stop exploring now in here oh look
we got our little thing from Santorini
moment whole lab Zoe outfit on Jim
that's there that is very wrong as a
battery in there but it's very incorrect
so let's put it about it's 12 that'll do
somewhere between there and then in here
in the kitchen the kitchen it looks so
much more homely just having things on
the wall like look at that that is our
french vintage cafe frame cafe frame
they even a thing and that's on the wall
now so I'm really we're really happy of
that thing you go so well in our kitchen
and then we've got the like French clock
on the wall there as well obviously
still not working and but that just adds
so much to that already that's fine then
in the spare room we got this little
thing on the wall which is to remind us
of Brighton no well I say that that's
not at all that's like French and look
how cool is that boom you're those guys
I'm well chuffed with them so yeah
that's basically the stuff to show you
well happy of that we obviously adding
stuff to the flats they are still making
it home but I thought we've sold in
pretty well now right I should probably
head to bed tomorrow minam I spend whole
day together oh my god how all the
spotlights keep breaking in the kitchen
and tomorrow me and Emma spending the
day together we're just going to have a
whole day of fun and for breakfast in
morning
walk and just hang out basically since
we've been in London we've both been so
busy i'm going to events and meetings
and just a lot more full on so i feel
like we hungry spent that much time with
each other so we're going to go down
tomorrow should be fun and yeah it's
like thumbs up the video enjoyed it and
I'll see you guys tomorrow goodbye
