hola we're Mexico City
I didn't know how to say we are in in
Spanish we're Motor City and it's our
day off so today we're gonna go hang out
of euchre we're gonna film with Yuka and
we're gonna eat Mexican food I don't
really know what's in store but yeah we
were about to find our way over to his
house now
and I'm just really happy for something
about together it makes me smile la la
la
Montes how much for you to be in the
video
good get down or come on start go my
stats that's the como estas come with us
is that right come with us I need to
know well yeah no I don't know I mean
yes I'm puffing are you excited to be
Xfinity sunny I am very very excited we
have that no sleep and I'm still excited
yeah we didn't have any sleep on the
plane
I'm just excited to explore I'm so
thankful we've got hookah yeah and Pablo
and Babu who are gonna show us around
and teach us are you gonna do some
street food you are tacos I'm not I just
can't risk it I'm not risking he doesn't
poop oh yeah he's from there the ever
steering is used to it his imagine your
lil English belly taken in some street
food you're gonna be putting every be
okay having um fish and chips in England
is that the same equivalent no it's not
niche pass no it's not the same
equivalent because in England we do food
poisoning how are you not feeling tired
I'm because I
in the zone out of jetlag city into
Mexico City hey funny house is called
Mexico City be like if it's just England
it was four degrees this morning when we
got hit we arrived at seven eight no we
arrived at fire there we landed at five
and those who took us to get a
clarification took us 32 hours to get
here
map made every single person on the
whole trip how many people are about 30
people total five thirty people wait
because he didn't make up and what
everyone was running to me like welcome
where's Matt where's Matt when you rang
me I honestly thought you were pranking
cuz I called you where are you like we
need to go everyone's made for you you
said no no no that you'll prank me no
I'm new in the car wait I think it's the
quickest I've ever got ready ever pina
Doherty gumbo so I got downstairs you
care about me don't eat it you didn't
care that I got left behind no they told
us to go yeah right
then we've got to split up on the
flights not a sad wasn't it wait ah
you're an enthusiastic traveler yeah me
and Kevin had some good chats to be fair
yeah it's like it's nice sometimes but
it's also annoying not nice Sunday relax
a bear would be music yeah
we've gone for a cultured experience
really cultured son stabbed wilkinson
though or hookah told us to come here
and get a quick sandwich we are going
from make simply later bet this is me
where we meet him so just tell us to
meet him here
we made it into the absolute man cave
he's saying that comes at my look at
this golden ID that bad boy I was a
kick-ass at best great up there with
Zelda yes okay guys so I just went out
who this car real whenever the video is
gonna be out I will let you guys know
because you have to go check out it was
I think God
we're in Liverpool right now mates what
about to get some tackles mason jar
Stephen Jetta I heard Stevie get us
inside some German so Marcus won't jump
pay for this
so I won't my jeans too strict we've all
heard that one
don't roll
we know how much you love a big fork on
that get it in but nice nice
we like to drink with the bankers
because the Mexicans are our mates
and when we drink with the Mexicans they
see it often eight seven six - easy -
easy we
first Mexican meal what do you think
behind you
this video
Banta oh my you need to take pictures
until 3:00 a.m.
