the fire engine ha ha find and flash it
well funny myself extension which is
that bicep Kasbah is still trying to get
introduced over to us you don't know
what luckily he hasn't managed to break
through yet
Timmons tries to get up at ten times
still hasn't managed in I can imagine he
looks like John so let's just call him
John when Jim's tired he looks like John
bears
morning guys Chancellor how's your
pinkeye let's have a look that will
infect you all your viewers okay
it's okay pardon for the 6:15 a.m. and
we are heading high and we're very very
people always for us right okay
Mariah I think the rice is going to
invited another snowboard
you're really proud in this light yeah
it's really good light
it's him animation but Rudy says that
light is gonna go so far as your phone
Hey scatter strongest really scary
camera my fat assignment more about it
Mariah came on holiday for three days
and then he thought it was necessary to
bring four bags - can we get massage for
that where's my masseuse look at Jim's
food look how nice that looks
what's on Jim point out whatever your
food no wonder what month's 1500 home
like one okay dickhead Switzerland
bloody expensive five year old 44 an
Americano how how is that even possible
Casper what that it's five euros 40
Trent Americana Jean as a Swiss thing I
think maybe Swiss Airport Switzerland
and how much you pay that nine euros for
a little sandwich it's time for Dean
Jones why Joe Joe's got Joe's got a seat
right he has a seat on the plane he
genuinely has a seat on the plane and
it's right at the front yeah he still
wants to stand in this big queue I'm all
set here
all right Joe I mean all right sorry Joe
you're gonna catch a roof me
it might still delay the new
informations concerning the culture will
be given at 10:15 with hostages who have
not yet
boss Ronnie they're going out on
we are saying claa guys half this is sad
I'd usually be going back to Brian
McCaffrey well my London boy now some of
these Londoners we're all filming again
looks like we're all filming don't
where's your camera
unarmed going I'm going with Joe and
we're going to didn't want to see that
film farz period seven
I'm really excited when it's it for a
while as many go to the premiere but we
were moving to London data is all about
we yeah we're gonna see that we're
getting ready noise downstairs so you
get to see a little face soon nobody
likes you it is not out in the cinema
you know it's not we saw that it wasn't
I promise you it wasn't when I looked so
yeah that's what we're doing I felt I've
been gone for a month three days even
night I so time you last weekend which
you know last week doesn't say you spent
time at home
yeah and she said the same thing it's
cuz we were having so much fun you guys
want anything
I think you did we had so much fun the
stack was so big fun what we're doing
I've told him over there I'm not making
us but genuinely isn't how it's not I
promise you I looked up it's not out so
we're going to grab some food we're just
gonna go to Nando's real quick because 5
7 4 2007 the film's broke all records
you don't need but and we're gonna grab
some food from Nando's real quick and
had their well bloody a came out
problems of a day be proper
well then boys and girls look at this
food NIM Bob having none those and so
long look at these Phil you my new
little menu some sweet potato wedges
slice a little meal at home and oh my
god they've changed their chicken what
it never usually looks like that we're
second takes five the future and I was
just touched by the whole thing at the
end like the hope will walk thing and
stuff it's good film if you should check
out
you're glad we went I you told you it
was good you cried know me oh my god is
so full on action II know like sweaty
palms going on throughout the whole
thing honestly there was one part where
her hands on my jumper and she moved it
and my jumper felt damn bless you get
nervous very bless and yeah onion hate
go to bed go to bed so thanks watching
this vlog all the best thumbs up and see
you tomorrow see ya Bob bye
