y'all gonna make me lose mama open it
open
where's their max limit oh damn it
we got DMX email coming in do some
coming in but coming here dude
don't DMX morning everyone's really
buzzing shut up MA
okay you look less you look good enough
definitely generalize your life this was
drinking hot ice mother why you love it
maybe avoid ah that picture I like that
sin character who's like neck is that
Umberto ah the caption is when someone
tickles my neck inside that's what you
just did then go and blow your the
opportunity retracted into your own so I
did that yeah grancy smells of whiskers
my sick things Yeager and sick if you
drinkin
yes it was Jager and beer we are about
to leave everyone saying a little bit
worse where oh I'll show you that way
Jose down there with one of them was
ever like memory anytime 7 I was
actually the first up yeah ok yeah heavy
sharing with you are you loving you're
pretty quiet though I'm not very weak
traps you see I'm respectively and the
like oh I'm just respectable Don we're
leaving he's got all the board's who's
got all the board's Casper has Kessler
has cast all the boards
here we go here we go here we go oh look
a lot you can see something what what
how excited you see boys then I'm
genuine Amazon honesty yeah report
you'll be fine on its sides with me and
this is deeper song we're gonna we've
done right you'll be fine and I'm
worried that cuz I'm so high I can't do
it how do I get down yeah yes buddy
we're gonna we're gonna know this haunt
me bro
I had a nose bro Phil you're the brother
you guys get it no no it's bro I'm sorry
hey guys I know you listen up
uh-oh just like oh that's a although I
see you look at that view
gorgeous as a wild pointlessblog taking
his intern Pitt's check now later
alright this look kid on legend so cute
kids on skis so cute when I have kids
I'm gonna make come ski from like for
the way to land um we just had a quick
little break me and Catherine ring on
hard this morning we got separated much
the group and we've had a quick drink
and I have just quite a cheeky little
park down there doesn't anything easing
it looks quite serious as well I got
some huge kickers and rails in there
which I don't really do rails but there
is a couple of decent kicker jumps I'm
gonna head towards I went for a wee I
said to you guys are guys a I can you
just wait for me a before you go the
four of them that when it went went to
go no yeah yeah combat in the gun so now
like on my hands that's awesome
the boys are back in town joey sug is
back in town and we going in the parks
and I'm loving luck also my bought yeah
we've been my board was completely
settled on this foot was foot three
inches further floor
Moving's figure huh thank you remember
last night when you thought I'd find
everyone who thinks Marcus's night this
good number so basically we we remember
when we have dinner we were sat on it I
felt this instant pain of my arm I was
gasps but holding a little knife over
the flame slept suddenly on but made it
twice so I did it once back to him
and it's quite him he's cried ever since
they said hey you guys might think
Marcus's the sweetheart because he
dresses up at Margaret but he actually
brought me last night when you got drunk
so that's the true Marcus for you boys
the girls I just wanna go baby protects
your home Tunis day pro so I'm eight
oh yeah Apple nachos
so I just do Dumbo Joe I said to slide
down the stairs on your stomach and it
is I are at one to ten all right three
two one
both course and I was gonna slide down
the stairs yeah we got a slide broke
trying this on Oh Joe's like Joey's
Joe's the funnest person but again he's
out nothing is ever above 10 with Joe
John has just pointed out the size that
bloody padlocked y equals a huge oil you
could I could bite that and buddy huge
anyway we are on our way for some dinner
the petit dejeuner and that's breakfast
is now yeah
what's dinner and in there good in there
we had a recommendation for a restaurant
this night the chef isn't cooking across
me all right can you get some food and
possibly go to the casino if I told you
the story what happened last night
actually the casino so when we're in the
park when were in the pub the books on
the bay see we try to see them because
not even I have no idea how big so I did
cat's paw was like yeah Montesinos we
had ourselves like yeah all right
and everyone was at our Casa Henry can
you put 50 on read can you everyone put
in like 50 I guess let's put on red
that's like two pounds in the UK people
yeah about 30 pounds
I think he's peed his pants yesterday
yeah a lot of money but all on red and
then Casper walked in with me he's like
yeah lays all the notes down on the
table and put some red and then I was
like oh you know I'm gonna put 50 on
black and mine comes in Casper's doesn't
so Caspar loses everyone's money which
was what about 300 euros in total my raw
cool Jim pretty good your face thank you
very good what dr. Joe whatever and then
oh I did it again it's busy
I came out with 210 euros not nothing
what a sick car is everyone else lost
everything after you eyebrows on the
back of the van
what'd you think about that Alf do these
love scenes
Harry Harry hurry
yeah this is cute isn't it John yeah
nothing
yes they have one pitch in this Suzanne
fish yeah it's a real fish asumi that's
so strange it must be so that's a black
fish I'm noting a black fish like that
yeah bad you've never lived in there
some human documentary blackfish and I
bet you can't have two of those in a
bowl so every bite should have been
there I was beating my dad I'm on a
hunger for the hell yeah people don't
bother you have caught the the waiter
taking a picture of us from up there and
a grappling hook they so fast
hey you reckon he really did didn't it
Oh smile everyone up here oh shoot
yeah I think that's really nice
straighten the war and look how good
this fish looks seriously I'm so
unbelievably excited noble this art John
is just going all yeah right on it and
wacky dagger right in this food looks so
good but it's pretty table pretty lights
pretty faces the woman behind you and
yeah all the good night vegetables I
guess we're what do I say about coming
at the dinner table when anything heats
up it's feeding time at the zoo
ah right baby
fed animal is now hand in time Jasper
next oh you guys know how much you're
missing what is it he's so excited let's
even take it you're is even taking a
picture of it
oh you guys are gonna see that all over
is snapchat that's what you're doing on
you get to it yeah those nope yeah okay
Jinja by symmetry snow bunny
hello bunny yeah
what are you doing huh get an Internet
camera up there my toilet water go in
the water
did it all that flower guys we are
Jamarcus get slap one one fuck you
we going to bed this is the so not
religion Durham situation you're going
to be literally in bed with this
dickhead and he stinks um basically
we've just been back in you know you're
stinky inside Jim oh it's Jim Lee what
stinky
Jim I know who he is to always go get
away a stinky sup always go out W with
this thing being backhand them for
anyway we were playing odd but Jim and
outfield playing odds on and Jim thought
it'd be nice to rob his penis and penis
and balls on my pillowcase so I put
tissue in the toilet go to alga time a
lot of throat Jim Jim them through Alfie
no I'm uh flats landlord I then got it
ran into John gases room launched it
Casper literary splatted him in the eye
and now they're trapped at Casper's like
Tron players massive prank on us but he
had get our room because we've waged it
we got my cell like oh we got Alfie
suitcase are not bin literally if you
try and open it from outside you can't
do it so he already tried to come in and
again um but yeah skip ski trip stag
trip has been sick thanks Jim for
getting married
get that outlet we wouldn't be here all
the best for the future hope all goes
downhill from here
all best years are very happy for you
and we hopefully look forward to many
more ski trips with the boys and I
bought a snowboard so hopefully I'll be
four board so I got a little bit keen he
can use that we're going to hit that
slopes up at hemel hempstead and move
forward to vitalize from there good
night
