morning everyone everyone's putting all
their equipment on ready
lovely ready to start the day yeah we
are going to get some breakfast
hey stop man here with all our boards
loaded this is Wildcats poly high Casper
and yeah we're going because you know
what I know who I go to ask all my
questions
sounds like I've asked you to say no I
walked in my room and Castle was
actually lying in my bed watching my
video making my new video on my phone
naked just i pulled the do bath he was
literally lying in my bed what a way to
start your day literally my worst
nightmare for food thighs chalet
to practice some but so they've brought
us to a bakery and there's literally it
heats up breakfast and I lose you first
I'm like this is my worst nightmare
great way to start the day there we go
look at that cloud they were already
boys and girls they're all good oh nice
and nice good views up here for now fee
wait when did you get new boots same-day
delivery I really want to push you over
Jim this is how do you think it's going
guys yeah this is actually the part that
we're coming down no it's going really
well it's good fun we're doing little
pops of jumps and now we head up to
different area that I've been to yet so
shall good just went with the other guys
made a little snowball I'm going to see
how I can get her to stop makes me I'm
gonna get this
so it really hasn't really cleared at
all
we're just waiting for some of the other
guys I am pretty happy because on my ski
thing that I'm tracking on my phone if
you guys don't know if you can see it at
all because max speeds 70 kilometers
that's the fastest I've been so far what
I've only tracked it once before I want
to try big get 70 something though us
I'm here on try and do that but we're
gonna back up this one and then there's
a couple run singin eyo down for lunch
try lovely view this is the old town of
shaman Chamonix chemin de la summit
champagne belly in here today and it's
quite a big time
and yeah but is so dead ski buddies
bobble things and be sheep on this hill
yeah no mountain goats yeah when I
jungler I once go on to follow me around
on a walk really yeah when I was like
eight sick I'm just going to sign these
things
I mean last Marcus first oh man yeah I
love blood how much did you just see so
Mike tried to do this yeah
look at this guy's the Sun is deciding
to shine blue look at that oh yeah we
are we're gonna go back up in the other
I'll let it's still cloudy though
optimism yeah yeah well let's go we're
gonna walk up a henchman Hill to the
left so me a caste boy have sat on our
own busy little event everybody so long
to get ready like they get to just stand
there with their boards if we keep going
down fast enough we'll eventually cut
yeah definitely I reckon but yeah we
could definitely they gonna be on this
slope they will be eventually but that
they're gonna probably still like
staying in the sky doing about this guy
has cleared up love that my GoPro is
dead
matías boys having kind of Maori
violence things or it must be jealous
must be jealous of course
and alpha must be really warm
oh no Scott Ian's there jaesuk why are
you wearing glasses your beaver it's not
sunny sunny Leone sunny I very sensitive
I had a few beers that soda story oh
yeah we were all very nice but I'm
reminiscing over
and that was all about today Alfie Alfie
yeah youtuber prank
behind the scenes of his there is Casper
of a mess course
in New York together
Marcus is going to sit down with he's
gotta sit down offices behind us that's
taught me some markets the use having a
good day it's - I have I've met this day
now I'm Marcus society the worst is it
 legend no it's one of those that
is the best genuine these cameras
Alfie's greatest guy yeah Marcus is such
a ruin the best guy I think thing is
this is it's unfortunate that he's the
work he's avoided the genuine contender
emotions food it's the most humble yes
you know sorry he might not be great at
snowboarding but he's had a good time
and like I haven't really see him since
snowboard yet but his boots are the best
it's got great great little great boots
oh yeah you know he's got a great great
boots straight board as he has fun and
you can handle it can handle himself and
a fine name it is his limits you know
the thing is I've never seen anyone grip
their left bicep so well with their
right hand
yeah it's a great guy jumping so
genuinely things you know your trench
that's the best way to to talk about
Mike in in over your life he's bit Rufus
the thing is though I don't know what it
is but I find him intimidating to look
at look at look at Marcus right now at
ease haircut yeah right
take us right oh yeah I think I think
it's a cool dude this oh I'm the
bad guy
we better go grab him because he he had
Jesus Limon earlier when we said he'd
come out in that so we've told him to go
put some boxer shorts on why we're
trying to decide oh wait
Marcus and why have I got your camera I
saw cracked look my little toy is this
yours Charles this is my camera nurse
not so little mouses know that
make sure you cross the road and look
both ways we do it three two one
Gigi's best dressed man Jim hope you get
to Leon - yeah wearing my clothes all
night tonight and the fingers though
everyone saying it is a piss-take
they're actually molecular I like my
normal clothes I feel really really
offended oh my laughs I know you said
you fight you fight then Leon
Leo do you part well no I wish I was
like oh my gosh this is the squad mana
tree
that is our few days or Fonzo munzo
Joseph Oh soso Kasbah solos who gyms
hobo hobo John bond someone Dom bomb
come bomb Leo bow Co bow thing is over
on ofö see me over and Marco broke oh
yeah Jim yeah buddy
oh yeah what a twat
