good morning guys
stupid o'clock in the morning at 25 3
and more
and unloved and after France
basically the Jim steak garden and I
showed you about this but the engine is
getting married the focus I don't know
what I'm focused so there Jim is getting
married which is not
so his idea for estate deals to enable
them and that's what we're going to do
it's gonna move out eight of us or maybe
it's me Joe Casper Alfie Jim Leon John
Hastie and Dom so it's going to be a
good laughing that's three days and
Chaminade bring it off morning I don't
want to go Jim that's funny other thing
I love power just say I know we've got
one of the people with us
I've been taking part already
a multi-tenant healthy and
it's not even focused on there
the snitch is my there he is there he is
joke I like your boots mate do you like
them yeah I've kind of wanted a pair
bond to schedule an O or an X so she
doesn't do that eh
are you person paper oh look yeah yeah
thinks everything's in a morning person
everything is in that looks like a very
expensive oh my god fifty pounds yeah
Emma the things you can fight yeah
you're my mother my mother
 even suggesting
you can to pay you like these ones
once I was stolen cool in your Natasha's
oh yeah yeah
what will you do if you see them in the
street with the mom right right
cool Alfa's now here with his seven bags
we've all got our food we wanted to sit
down a meal but we didn't have enough
time so you got a little prep we're
going to work with the gate now it's
nothing to fill hours go by I just know
he'll go from literal necklace to 50
Oh Bonnie turn do I help you mate okay
top three hi Casper
uhh
all right
so they solved really needs one waiter
thank you never thought to have this
issue on a plane excuse your shoes
hi cat fur
sorry that's right it's only awesome
that we were just walked into the female
toilet
Jim went into a cubicle in details
behind shuts off in France
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here we go look at this right there's
another is a team room in here with a
mezzanine
oh yeah look at that probably positive
for me okay if you got very much
testicle we stop in sick
actually we can that's pretty damn tasty
Ashley last what's the other one like
upstairs assuming that's gonna be my
boys grab a room or one girl's bed Thank
You manager Alfie I've got a room there
is hey look at this boy's sick bite mark
is it sir you're coming upstairs as well
Isabel upset yes double feeling no
there's not though there's not better
yeah there is sort of blown up you're
taking the piss or no I'm not attacking
presently God actually it is okay this
is guys got reason Montag is right yeah
and the hot tub as well there's my guys
I just got to the cut it out let's see
guys yeah bro you're cold Lloyd it's all
right this whole room there this is one
of Marcus's but sorry about that this it
is we who this is single
oh yeah this is actually not I'm a bit
worried about this look how steep is no
this is savage up here this is the best
spot this is a bit yes ends a new summer
morning pull-ups on that when we say
about this then I'm a bit scared about
get over it snowboarding squad is out
and about got them we have come up to
sound to rent half of the group of
boards and boots half group down
so getting subtly guys that down I'm so
freaking excited to ride my board the
first time I mean literally so excited
got my boots
this is gonna be yet although feeling
this weather right now look not ideal it
was raining but other thing that might
be snipe oh yeah I should start going
upon it besides like we've got a boards
we've done I've got written are
dinosaurs actually my hands left yeah
have you tried put have you tried
putting your jobs on those I that's
going to be interesting
I've named my fantastic well we have
almost your equipment I'm finally
heading up to the mountain Europe to
bring the lake
Jose de Boer its little nice way they
break a leg
all right we got here yeah that's
snowboard scared Joe yeah little bit oh
it's time we went skiing snowboarding
was in 2x1 it it wasn't mine you watch
the big show we're on were on this unit
rubbish and Asura's I yeah you and I
were kind of a similar that lesson by
Casper I mean I I love snowboarding
really this snow
oh my god it's slushy Oh were too soft
than that pretty soft pretty slush one
though Oh sinking the G made it to the
slush no yay
it's the board the corpsman but we named
the board but you guys can name up for
him gosh we named it for the trip
what forever that is my board this is
literally slush galore I am a little bit
concerned about this bit bit slushy oh
yeah a little bit
of this chair hey bad idea
hey Johnny here we go here's a Moses al
fondo get turning out we'll have none of
that slide in none of that slide in
business
you know he's all about that slide but
that's like oh yeah I like
so there he is there he is
whose eyes that Jimbo God Jim Jim we're
the first ones on the chairlift I say me
this is ear below I it's one who
basically organized this whole trip and
here's me I made so much Sun first
everyone was a great success again on
the chairlift
I must admit however are they going to
be is Holly gonna be good
I'm not going on if you have been is
easier than getting off so I'm gonna
make sure I film everyone getting off
and hope that someone does full Oh
nearly qualities going well that is low
hey the first runs done everyone has
just about me there is everyone here
eight miles away everyone's doing well
considering everyone's at different
levels I think everyone's managing very
well I'm trying on I am genuinely
surprised at you guys know you've done
Tom's and Tom's thumbs an absolute Pro
just hasn't been in 11 years he's like
oh yeah I'm gonna be nervous get
straight on the board is in really short
turns whipping it all now Kath pretty
decent oh I'm sorry
don't let's go
all right we have separated we've
stopped we've got the Red Team Red Team
how's everyone doing good this is what
I'm talking about
thumbs out properly yeah dude I might be
t-shirt yeah Jenny I put on a jacket off
well I'm going to switch into a t-shirt
now it's a v8 this crowd please
and so we we're heading up to a bubble
the other guys going on the chairlift
just as much
you can probably hear me really well and
then um yeah we're gonna go to pen take
on a couple of red phones I think see
what the snows like up here to slush
down here is shocking back reunited with
a blue team
oh my god my hair I didn't know what
tell me it was bad out the side like
that those hairs Joe says bad like a
good Joe's here's a little bit little
tail going on what a little lad first
beer is in guys I'm excited for this
that was a good snow professional that
my board feels a bit weird
I don't know if it's old or a snow so so
try to get back can we get a group
cheers in everybody
Jimbo happy stag do me cheers everybody
this is gonna be awesome look at the
visibility guys it's a grand total of
zero I feel like we're not even halfway
are you a New York in it like you
drinking that's what everybody was
eating up here see me really slow
anything ever going down is I don't know
you're on but you're not even gonna see
the the signpost yeah I don't know I'm
successful I'm actually drawing a
serious note actually do take care on
this one yeah yeah yeah we're not done
and I fight is gonna die all I saw is no
pressure test I point even OH
John was like just funny oh sorry Sonya
husband hundred meters any players yeah
hi cat hi Kasper casts itself
Kasper three two one
joke joke joke joke is a to Jim such
such lots for here
oh he like that love that is you don't
sometimes when you hear shine can't you
see I doubt there's no location every
time something wrong I come is ready cut
cast is about a corner we commit Yahoo
remake old cash was done it done it he's
my kind of truck sorry don't go yeah
hang on okay bobaloo so what works we
look freaking put yeah I feel like you
need to get number to try now what you
do you know that basic theory fun but
I'll it when I live in Australia I live
me some Russian guys and in Russia they
often eat like salami and meat for
dinner with shots and I said how'd you
do shots of vodka it's disgusting it
burns no like watch it as a way you can
do it normally you get like a lemon or
something you'd have salami Nick and
we're still green up good on the air of
your lungs yeah you till you shot and
you might lemon or encouraging you to do
this yeah and then you don't get the
book apparently I just woke you up
trying look at look at this lovely
dinner table we've got laid
Alfie's denim cookies done everything
yeah there it is these two lovely people
here who are putting dinner on for us
I'm very excited it's a three-course
meal and it sounds it's lovely and smell
what do you reckon about that Jim dinner
yeah nice to make my lifestyle so
everybody's having their tea at the
moment and they're enjoying it
none of it may be vinegar good day
Jeremy you're great though it's happened
Matt weeper knows my get bigger scrum is
gonna see my camera I'm through so
Marcus didn't eat all of these greens
throw them outside there is that Omega
Marcus good tomorrow on the slope is
going to consist of me teaching them how
to do one it let's just point it down a
bit more done is it that's where the
piece of that we're going to teach
marketer u18 you tomorrow and and then
we're going to teach manta to his
bindings up because he's struggling a
little bit moment so we got him on the
slopes he had a good go and nursery
slope served him a few times but you
have fun and that's most important got
Jess going out didn't it yeah Marcus
done a good chess grind today and I
popped a few 180 360 sister so warm him
up a little bit but he struggled so I
think I got your face plant I got the
wrong boosters right I didn't it I'll be
insane so Marcus was wearing grey
bottoms white jacket back helmet white
goggles your recognize him I the
flexicord I was getting used to it today
new board so look out for that yeah I
taught you that didn't I the 92 that bro
lady didn't teach I think I did this
year we can't do much about calc I think
I taught you both that I can do leg ups
if you guys saw the size of my biceps
probably realize that all you guys that
are do leg UPS man boys laughs oh look
at those lights
that's lads lads we're all good we're
all going arcus I can see your man John
you're all gonna get we're all gonna get
in the hot tub and I live in my pants I
can see you live Joe if you're coming as
I haven't got swimming shorts of me I'm
smiling yeah oh my feet if reason why
not
