hello guys hello from me and my Apple I
don't know I did that command off my
mouth walk so I'm doing something really
freaking cool inside today I'm going to
radio one I'm literally at sleep now and
I'm going on innuendo bingo
ah well Joe obviously did the Indian
living on YouTube but he took the idea
took the idea but got inspiration tears
I did from Radio 1 so I'm going on it
with Casper I think and I'm actually
really really excited and also a bit
nervous so we're going over there now
name is really ill she woke up very sick
and she has been being sick since so
she's not doing too good which sucks
Sarah upstairs she's got like duvet
she'll water she's gonna watch films and
stuff and yeah then I'm coming back here
got my bag of spare clothes which I hope
it's really forgot it was leaving such a
rough
and a better set that's why Kasparov is
pandanus
but he's even got one on this though hey
Cass have a new life with the bandanas I
don't wear them often with what I do
think he's gonna make bail
it's brilliant eh but is that your
onesie you're with us tomorrow damn
right would I get one yeah this seems
like my way to Germany Chris yeah oh
yeah but we can do justice here and we
are about to play innuendo bingo with
Caspar Lee and Marcus Butler get online
if you wanna watch BBC Cody k slash for
any on one this might break the internet
but it won't because you can't I think
the music is supposed to scare you so
don't look so terrified I'm already
really really terrified I'm wearing
white oh yeah why did I choose white gun
with the guns down yeah if you watch
this guess the red one website right now
and we'll get up on YouTube
if you can't watch at the moment Nikolas
Tony's watching also Fein Oxford and
Wayne from Reading and Georgia who isn't
playing PE today so she's come home to
watch Casper and Marcus instead okay so
you know Gabe please don't swear the
water is cold when we start when we
started it was like yeah I put a bucket
there that's where the water ghosts but
it doesn't never just normally in each
other's faces so let's begin in the
other bingo with Marcus Butler and
Caspar Lee are you okay you looks like
you're not very vulnerable
okay I think I want you in the flow of
it I think it's fine it's just the first
one isn't it let's get it out of the way
let's make it a wet one yes come on get
involved come on it says there's near
the weekend we start on channel 5 and an
episode of neighbours from last week
where Alison Bailey have been spending a
lot of time together recently I wonder
if he enjoyed this little surprise from
her
Thank You Jamie for that one let's treat
Casper and Marcus to an innuendo bingo
classic now and it's from Davina McCall
off of the jump I show which had an
unusual method for deciding which
contestants jump together involving the
Lord Mayor of all people Wow a game when
you do well you're the one who gets wet
yeah that's nice truth Laurie the game I
think okay so next on Indian bingo
we've still got clips from the weekend
sport here is one from the Formula One
on Sunday than Eddie Jordan on five life
now here Eddie uses his inside knowledge
of the f1 to tell us what kind of things
Jenson Button this has to put up with
wrists fellow drivers
it's all gone wrong sorry we're not used
to expensive gear it's all fine calling
assistant
let me see me it's fine it happens with
force
sometimes thank you
Thank You Jaime for emailing that last
Eddie Jordan one to me remember any
clips that you've got email Scott Mills
at BBC chosen okay Casper oh yeah okay
boys looks like a sweaty big white
wasn't the best idea
okay so let's continue innuendo bingo
you don't know no hands please if the
water's coming out it's coming out on
Chris's face it was a great weekend of
sport our favorite clip and shoes they
came from the boat race now this is a
problem really for our film critic
Rihanna so much so this game had to be
abandoned on Tuesday as the boats come
around the second Bend this female
commentator seems to know the Oxford
team rather well and she does very well
to keep speaking with this distracting
her
and a bit because you need to teach them
how to do proper projectile because
Marcus I think is getting there with
every flip yes that was our favorite
clip from Tuesday from the boat race now
we're going back to the f1 in a minute
but first we go to food scientist Chris
tulleken on BBC 2 who seems absolutely
thrilled with what they're letting him
do on television and who wouldn't be
when this is involved now is the one the
fan is watching in London
Lorna's watching eclair from Coventry
has just finished score just got a free
so she's listening I'm watching and
Ellie in Birmingham his window cleaning
while listening to England bingo
thanks so much to Chris there on BBC
tune now we're going to go into dev just
yesterday on BBC Radio 1
now he's covering for Greg James at the
moment which means he gets to meet some
of the Radeon listeners on a Friday
afternoon during the feet up Friday and
as you can hear it's an opportunity that
dev really makes the most of on Radio
one with an interesting invitation every
one of beat up Friday
I think hanging out with you he meant oh
thanks Colin for that one thank you now
we're going back to this weekend's Grand
Prix water please and on five life the
pit reporter has privileged access to
the Formula One teams and gets to see
them doing things that they would never
do in public Thank You Robin
Ashley yes easly back there now we're
going over to the brand new series of
MasterChef with Marcus partnering Caspar
Lee on Radio One's innuendo bingo his
John to road giving some very frank
feedback to one of the contestants on
their performance get your watery mouth
thanks I mean Ashman for that one and
finally this is a very long clip from
Radio 4 so you might have to reload now
they're reporting on a traditional rural
competition that used to happen 100
years ago it happened on farms and
involved the livestock
okay bye this door now it's gone wrong
Wow is that is everyone okay over there
Marcus look at you we have that was
today's Indiana bingo good night this
partner in Casper Lane thank you thank
you for listening thank you for watching
that was yeah that was chaos but they
loved it though thanks guys for coming
in thank you thank you thank you
wow that's great
that's great I'm drenched that was one
of the wettest ones for a while
Marcus partner my husband II I would you
split of the week anything you'd like to
say to your fans
I wish I didn't wear white and I'm now
freezing thanks and Casper as anyone
you'd like to thank for this I know it's
a massive order for you I'd like to
thank Joe sugg for inventing this
complete fresh change of clothes on went
for a plastic bag put my dry my wet
clothes in there
oh is that thank you ever so much thank
you very much you're amazing
what do you think Cass how'd you think
it went through out of me
you're funny I do you guys realize that
you're covered in each other's spit
yes rank I thought that were not
changing now it's like always I
literally got two people spit on me so
that's good
cool I'm so tired you tired no just
picked up some food from pod
I've got no movie chicken thing on a
pizza after knowing me she is feeling
better I just spoke to on the phone now
and back home that was so much fun I
love going on where they want to do
something feminine so you know being
there just it's so much fun yeah anyway
I'm having this Daniel
a bunch of stuffs down home back home
and I have been working on some wait
wait wait yeah wait what is it it's it's
Thursday wait yeah I can tell you what
am I talking about um so you know in
like every single if you see my own
channel video already you might have
known but I am releasing your book Dada
that has been inhaled in here for so
long I can't even begin to explain I am
releasing a book and it's called hello
life and if you don't watch my channel
video then I'll give you basically go
watch that because it gives a really
good explanation in detail but if not
they don't give you a quick explanation
now it is a book compiled of part
autobiography part self-help it's very
personal it covers topics such as like
how to deal with bullying and pressure
and basically it's when I was younger
growing up I never felt like there was a
voice to all the questions that I was
asking like should I go to university
what if I don't do well at school
relationships like what if my fact if
I'm going for a family divorce or a
family illness or like all kind of
things that all of you people
experienced at some point in your life
not just young people like there's all
different things throughout all
different ages and I kind of wanted to
try and not necessarily be their voice
but try and help some of you people and
that's what the eight main aim this book
is and the big section on there is about
healthy eating and changing your
lifestyle and how I did mine and that
kind of vibe so yeah I'm super excited
and you can pre-order the book now I'll
put a link in the description but that
is what I've been working on so much
when in all these folks over the past
six months when I've been like are going
from eating always secret Conte yep
still working on saying oh it's a secret
most of those things have been to do
this literary look this is this is it
here this is literally it and this is
what I've been doing with my life like
going through everything editing on the
computer everything's being like I've
got it laid out here going through with
pewter and that's what my life is
consists of when I've been telling you
know I've been sat here for six hours
been doing this for four hours it is
this basically so that's amazing that I
can get off my chest that's not wise
about to vlog I was about to blog in
Tosa house but I've completely forgot
under the fact that we're going on Jim
stag due tomorrow so I need to go and
pack for that and nim bob is ill poor
named Bob you can't even see you from
this far away yeah she is
poor little named Bob go ahead
she was ill earlier and she's been there
all day but she's feeling a bit better
now you've done a blog post squish your
head I've been looking after why not
been here never been good oh well now
I'm gonna get back huh very smoky in
here oh no they're all yet I have just
made myself dinner first ever chicken
leg that I've cooked by the way look how
good that looks slightly been on that
side and leftovers from last night
yeah right I'm gonna vlog here and a
pact of eatin and tomorrow and grants no
dad it's gonna be so much fun
so yeah I'm really really excited that
you guys are gonna enjoy his ropes and I
will see you tomorrow
