on in got coffee to start the day
although i haven't coffee in a while
actually and i'm gonna be filming today
not sure if i'm going to ya it's not
really bland out but in the meantime
we've got someone coming this morning to
finally fix the dishwasher well
hopefully he's on his way I think you
might have just turned up here now
pretty sure he's just turned up in now
so hopefully we're going to get that
sorted and then we're going to go a few
chores like grocery shop grocery
shopping while I was good at grocery
shopping on we got and my mom's come up
today as well so mom's gonna come see
the flat I don't know how hurt for bed
so things fun like that and it's fixed
yeah and so the guy came and that's what
unscrew the whole thing I'm not even
drinking the smell because he gave wow
there's been more to satin they're stale
water for about 12 days and like I don't
know how he's his head was in there like
the scoop and out I've stood in here
just like boo and you can even smell
upstairs how do you breathe it hit so
it's fixed and he's put a special watch
on right now and then we can reload all
this I'm boom wash I hope it's right but
you know it blocked it you know what it
was literally a bit of wood this babe
this thing this long and this then tiny
bit of work must have been in that from
before ours because there's nothing of
ours its wooden up then wooden spoons
exactly um and we're now gonna go food
shopping I'm amok but buck jumper that's
the new love of our life I know organic
oh yeah we're both starving so I we
literally had nothing for breakfast
smells good happy
yeah 21 grams of protein is bad boy
poking around there that may not sold
them
even called the bench press go gonna try
one of these little bad boys and that
one before viewers one square bar never
heard of it it's pretty good and going
into that rhyme at this pace the concert
get a white for the committee there you
go that's a heavy yeah a whiteboard
sorted with a whole bag of goodies from
a new video yeah now I need to find a
cash points we're heading to the clock
watch well she's near the banks were
yeah oh there's a bank up there we could
just go to that on there okay it's a
pretty cool view of London dumber get to
know sprawl the areas
oh yeah sorry turn on a sofa at the car
wash funny thing about that never had
that before luxury sofa you might anyone
who's excited for Justin Bieber's new
music like that excited to me just cuz I
think he's here's talented yeah he's a
bit of a knob but he's very talented and
I'm excited to see what he brings out
anyway I'm just waiting for mom to come
I she's gonna be in about five minutes i
think i have been SAT here for like four
hours working on planning new video and
stuff and some very exciting that I was
a thought right do recomm Hoover's were
invented for this purpose alright so had
some food opened it and it went
everywhere and when it's on like a table
my technique of getting food is that
that is how I collect food that I've
dropped i'm ninety percent sure that is
how a Hoover was invented some ones
built their food and was i oh you know I
don't want use my handling him you can
suck it up I reckon that is how Hoover
was invented so mum I told her to go
straight ahead when she spoken on the
phone I called it three times
interesting answer
come to me she went on the complete
other road and there's no one to another
there she goes the heart because she
must award for tube station tube station
yeah I said oh yeah that food what do
you think mum you excited the broccoli
and some sea bass yes I'm excited hurts
can you cook in there no you copied me I
chose first I definitely did and we got
these olives they're actually the strong
a solid I've ever had I think sanan gone
off the bet but this looks delicious I
want to film you taking a photo by
crashes on
is it good
one yeah well
ah oh so my cameras oh yeah oh wow this
lighting oh look at this light nimbo hmm
some are laptops um mum has gone it was
really nice kept obvious this prison
break its prison break of prison break
yeah mum has gone hope no she's gone
sash to go and save tasks and sashes
actual birthday tomorrow I feel happy in
Haifa fashions birthday for so long but
it's her actual birthday tomorrow your
friend Charlotte was round and in blog
any of Charla but you guys went to
dinner that was fun wasn't it we nearly
went to the same restaurant yeah me and
mum lit she walked past the restaurant
that we work we work in the oysters
restaurant yeah we working ligo that we
are on our way there I was over here
when I Jim Tom and I was like as we got
to the door I was like I actually wait
we've walked past no one recently and we
haven't been there so let's go there
yeah I liked it I think you liked that
one that we went to it was like at this
service was just really slow I like it
it um since I feel about my boiler
downstairs it's somehow got really
really hot but it's hot in here isn't it
stuffy it's really hot I think it's time
to open a window um I wanted to say one
thing thanks for helping me out on that
charity campaign with my family friend
by the way we went over 1,000 pounds and
ain't it so I will be in touch yeah it
was really good with that video
mentioned so thank you very much if you
did donate in that I will be in touch
very soon about organizing something
hanging out and getting lunch and stuff
so thank you very much anyway we are
just well not we I'm watching the rest
of liverpool game and then we're gonna
watch go boom I think we are we can't we
are driving me do disputed me really
what did they say cuz i tweeted saying
no game of friends isn't on virgin media
yeah what did they say
they've just tweeted me saying we're
always looking to bring you more of the
shows you love Miami will always let you
know if we have any more news well
doesn't really help it later sir richard
pritchett li Richard Branson not good
enough I'm afraid are we gonna do
obviously we're not going to watch it
illegally definitely not going to do
that oh god the daily spiders a
continuum so any little one it's got big
fat body you're gonna either and y'all
sleep thanks for cooling in your mouth
and going full-bore when you sleep like
this that's you you're the only one that
sleeps like that it's gonna go I create
a web in your mouth pull up the little
nose good what's it gonna do you're
gonna put outside it's time for gobo
throat oh it's time
pause pause okay okay woof all right you
definitely can't see me but you can see
my glasses maybe figure this place you
can see that's really weird and creepy
um Game of Thrones didn't load so that's
totally amazing so we're just going to
try and get an early night instead I
guess very very very busy day tomorrow
so make sure you come back for that that
was all the video enjoyed and I'll see
you beautifully with tomorrow please
