morning had I went off to the gym Oh aha
we're gonna try and run this morning I
say we're gonna try run because remember
me talk about my dodging Nene's a while
ago Wow and then see if I'm one of them
they don't feel 100% better but I
literally am student lean like a month
on them so they're trying rather than
see what happens
also I like eating hot water's going
dodge Swan and it's not really working
at all so I've turned the heat on and
it's not working
and there's the zero water and the hot
water is on so renew what's going on
there especially if we need to watch all
of this many ifs he stuff in there I
don't know what to do boys I've
seriously made the best chocolate
milkshake I have ever made like oh my I
can't even I can't even explain how
delicious this is mmm full of protein as
well do you guys remember me telling you
about a charity I'm helping a friend
with he's raising money and I was like
look I want to try and reach a thousand
pounds and what I'm gonna do to try and
help people donate is choose a random
person who donates from the UK to spend
a day with me like hang out with me for
the day like grab lunch and stuff and
just hang out so we're like 110 pounds
away from the target so it's on eight
hundred ninety pounds right now so it's
not my thing but it's raising money for
the Martlet Hospice in Brighton which is
an amazing charity and I just really
think that me mention it again can help
us reach that button because it's only
110 pounds now you can even donate
online so I'll put a link down there or
you can text em RnB 98 in capitals -
seven double zero seven zero and you can
select the amount one two three four
five
with a pound sign I'll put the info in
there but I really really want to help
him out and hit this goal because we're
so close and there's been 180 donations
already so I'd love to you guys to get
involved it's 110 more pounds left I
really think we can do it so yeah I'll
put the info in there please help us
reach this limit and they're not big one
of you at random who's donated to hang
out and get grab lunch okay in you go
three Oh see ya
yes set my timer six minutes there's no
to just pop those in oh very interested
now we have my cooked meal just from
putting in a pan that is actually it
looks and smells delicious
you're sweet cause chef T something with
pesto and meatballs like amazing it's
really good
righty-ho I'm off to go hang out Jimbo
ride some bikes
yeah the rents of Boris bikes and just
hang out like that there he goes
well if you don't want to steal your car
I don't think so no next time you guys
see Jimmy try and sell his clock I know
we are renting these I've never actually
done
three red bikes because I've never done
it
yeah I don't know I don't know if it's
like we're scared of dyes do you do you
have to choose one that's already going
for that just how high it is
Thanks
all thanks to three three three
Busby's one one two no I agree
oh they go oh very nervous about this
are we riding on the road oh there
he goes
you know indicating Jim to be fair
neither am i more worried about getting
knocked off my bike me not brilliant on
it cycle my bike and vlog but Yolo when
you're in London I was proud of Matt
back when I saw oh well done Jim I'm so
scared of cars
Rudy Jim I'm going right it's me of a
main road mate
I might just go there with zebra
crossing
Oh
Suman out where to go isn't a is given
as sniffing around Oh
it's gonna find the spot oh it was so
there you go let it all out there you go
on his own it didn't even pick it up hit
him into the we know you would have
lifted his leg off sorry
areas like bumpy bit in we're Jen yeah
lovely that's their local I've got no
bag of goodness stars mean green poop
green glow glowing green mines that
she's in droves like I've got Asheville
in mind and then I got a raw brown at
your name in your branded for me
whatever this is something and a bag of
nuts time for some food mm-hmm and it's
a little bit disappointing to be
completely honest it's just a bit stingy
on that chicken I've rude I was really
upset because I found this plate and it
looks amazing to get in from now let's
put my order in I went for you to check
out and then it cancelled it because it
was like oh this place is now closed
sorry so then we had to go over this
place it doesn't like amazing the
question is are you guys ready for the
best hair reveal you've ever seen in
your life
are you ready Jim I am so no no wait
look up you look like spyro the dragon
yeah all kind of comes together in a
clump here okay back to my era bill
right three two one Oh what
just it happening that might hurt her
that's a good look
now me mum Marie really old I don't
really know what to do with it I'm
trying to grow it but I can't really
start it right now what kind of a lot I
don't really know
no no I've been saying I want to grow it
but I don't really know how to start it
anymore
so I think I need to go and see a
stylist come on
what were you gonna say Jim
give me some styling advice you always
want to see a stylist about many
different things it'll be under seeing a
clothing stein listening on a hair
stylist that's because we're not all
Britain's best dressed yeah
Oh Britain's better speaker yes that's
our hair reveal anyway I've been
watching this new film called chef well
not new but on them truth but I'm tired
sewing in a bed good night
