hello people sexy people how could go in
how are you doing today a lot of
youtubers these days are very talented
youtubers seem to be able to do many
different things with their careers and
it's very inspiring for a lot of people
some people do it well gets their backs
and some people do it less well but he
still got this is the contract yes if
you watch a lot of YouTube you will know
that making songs and diss tracks is now
like a theme on YouTube and everyone
just seems to be doing it but we're not
talking parodies here we're talking
actual songs you know like rapping
making sixteen singing things that
people have careers in youtubers are now
doing that which is fine because YouTube
doll we're very time to people we are
with much more times than anyone else in
any other job so we can't do those
things but today we're going to be
having a look at a few of these
youtubers songs and reviewing them
singing along together and just seeing
what's out on the market alright so the
first person we mid-atlantic Tanner Fox
Paris Fox have been told to look at his
music video 8 million views Tanner Fox
we do it best official music video see
Dylan Matthew and Taylor
Alessia here we go let's see what this
little Ross was up to you know what I'm
not subscribed to Tanner Fox I've seen
from his vlogs before so he's like the
little kids that like those flips and
drives his cars and yeah disclaimer I'm
not setting out to hate on anyone and
all these people were going to be
looking at probably have huge fan bases
but they put stuff on the internet I'm
just resting is that something Internet
all right here we go boys and girls here
we go this is your captain speaking
today sir look a little because this
song is gonna be Cyrus first 10 seconds
mentions virus bots and then they've got
fidget spinners so fire is coming like
wow we got you Taylor Alesha
little experimental system popcorn and
enjoy the show
we first roburt in a really nice
sounding voice on this track but really
you're or not edited or to change at all
and that's why I like what's on over it
goes slow and then it's like wow I want
to know yeah like I'm making my money
I'm at a no never
Disney hater no more what the vibe with
this cuz quick it read anything see no
more time with virtually and you taking
swings here J pool so it's like all
releasing every from being completely
honest I mean it's got a nice voice and
Tanner but I came down on one knee to
the fifth these people are all making
songs like they're legit from the hurt
or something right these bitches talking
shit what the fuck you talking about me
on a real rap done music coming through
they're real rap song that is legit a
real rap song easily confused with
future this know also who she taking hit
though she taken it as a fill it's a bit
weird like if she I'm assuming she's his
girlfriend
I don't actually know this this is based
off of just watching today I'm assuming
she's his girlfriend and she's taking
shots at his fans
so his fans are going to be like oh your
girlfriend's night
I'm rich I think so you only got money
dissident called back those eight floors
they are rented Lambo it was lence
oh sure take each other right guv oh my
days this kid is fire Hey looking live
account you sum up cakes college campus
they put me on the track call me on your
neck really hate to break it to you but
you'll perhaps are very very average
we gave it a try push approving go back
to playing why why is it baseball try it
well well this is just like they're in
the studio they're getting to the end of
it and I try guys we rented the studio
we've got 10 minutes left
fuck I just need to finish this line why
is this baseball bat the size of my
thigh you can be seen again it's
bragging about doing something quickly
when it's pretty shit I don't get like
is the same words every day bro they
were like yo we made this song in one
day and it's shit but you're bragging
that you made it in such a short amount
of time though doesn't really make sense
are you doing we doing really sing that
auto-tune falsetto come in yet
pause that seemed like it was a diss
track I mean I'm not really a fan of
that in terms of a song it's not really
a parody it's kids thinking they're cool
basically but you know I've heard worse
so all right next up we've got mr. rice
gum busy rice gum is no tourists meeting
his distract and you took the internet
by storm with his Jake pulled discs with
a lesser viola and it's like Joel shots
firing everywhere cool whatever but I
didn't stop there Diddy dropped one
yesterday called God Church which words
think is kind of a decision again who
knows let's have a look what writes is
rice rice rice rice EEMA crisis on why
we'll give rice come is there a shot
really well like that shot like a
problem user video thing that's come
cool
the thing is the beat is quite cool it's
just very arrogant right why must why
you bragging like this dude so relatable
decision-support here really cool like I
said it's short and it's cause like it's
a proper music video the production is
much better than other people doing this
kind of thing so definitely inserting my
body when he charged every money get the
throw ing juicier to the club with your
boyfriend do you reckon right paste
those models there I'm just posing the
question maybe they all want to have
them just because of all his cars and
money oh you've got and happily talking
about like I don't know is true and I
just I mean he had absolutely come to
Canada hasn't he absolutely killed it
with that song has Tanev done a response
animes you going - I hope not yeah
absolutely owned him there like I said
yeah I'm not sure about rapping about
bragging and so that's not really me but
I appreciate the beat and how its shot
right third and final youtubers song
we're going to be looking at is a thing
I'm she's from Germany this is called
how it is what back and has 44 million
views 44 million I also think she is up
there with the most disliked videos on
YouTube in the history of YouTube this
is 2.5 million dislikes I have seen this
before when it first came out so
south of Manila pounds it's like I
suffer on broken
that is a YouTube bloggers background
music isn't it
cool via our short-term Republic I was I
mean I think what bah that'll be bitty
better but but what whoa
I mean it's bad yet but it's like Phil's
innocent and I even I get up late I
stubbed my toe I've got a few minutes
cold cold hey bye my husband in my we're
sisters
the question I'm ultimately is do these
people make in these songs think they're
good but when they come when they've got
that mastered track are they listening
to and being like this is good this is I
would listen to this I'm not sure they
would my name is automation it's like I
feel like she's reading it kids book to
me you know when you're learning to read
and it's like you have big pictures and
the words beneath and it's like I'm
Esther guy he knows my name and I have
nice pictures women my name Skinner told
me here and is like ah learning English
with this awesome and then if we want to
have some fun well that's just how it is
well there we go what are your thoughts
on these songs not just these songs but
youtubers creating songs now obviously
I've reacted some people songs before
and people on their defense have come to
me album Arjun you've made some it just
is embarrassing I my response that is
those are parodies like I'm making fun
of the people actually doing those
things and I still stand by that whereas
it's like if you're out to create parody
and have a lot I think it's fine
if these are serious songs that YouTube
is amazing I think it's a I do think
it's a bit cringe because not rappers or
singers you're youtubers and if you can
do that amazing brilliant do that if you
can't do that maybe don't pretend to the
ordinary that's what I think anyway but
I would love to open up to you guys and
see your closing it some of you might be
fans of these guys whom you might see in
them some of you might never have seen
them so yeah please share your thoughts
in the comments and give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it subscribe if
your new post videos every day and I
will see you guys tomorrow
if another one alright good bye
