what hey I thought solve it I've never
started video like that my vlogs are
words like yo and always end them right
yes here tomorrow but then I was like yo
hey I am working on a bunch of bunch of
bunch of bunch of exciting stuff so
we're very important that I've been
working on for a long time now and
you're gonna find out about it next week
so yeah that's what I'm I'm teasing you
with this morning or this afternoon that
it now is but I've been sat in this
chair since 90-foot this morning and not
really moved just moved to consume food
that's about it talking a few these are
great little snack bars they are very
good ingredients they're very high in
protein they just roll around and pretty
delicious not sponsored by them by the
way Knox wants to pay that not sponsor
to pay that to say that I had a thought
I've been thinking what whilst watching
some things I listen to that the birds
humming spring is on its way I'd like to
get some kind of schedule on this
channel some kind of schedule just a
schedule so maybe like every Monday
instead of an actual vlog have a Q&A
like just a really chilled literally
like put the camera here and do a Q&A
and a question answers like your
questions answered and that kind of vibe
or have a little bit of vlog and then
have an intro with have the main bottled
blog being a questions and answers kind
of campaign that's not thinking that's
why it may be like to do because I like
interacting with you guys and I do it on
my main channel but an arts Marcus it's
maybe every two months or something and
it's more kind of like comical but if
you guys have loads of questions which
I'm sure you probably do this is a great
way to like sit down and just answer
like chat and interact and my lens looks
like it means a clean
think the dust oh I think the dust is uh
actually somehow stuck on the other side
of that lens yeah let me know what you
think about that I'm not about that
trying it cheap Abbi work work work work
or email Mike it's helpful right now oh
yeah just made myself a homemade
chocolate smoothie delicious and
scrumptious and healthy and good for you
it is now four o'clock and I still
haven't moved in my in my work from the
position so yeah I was like I'm starting
to get a headache cuz I was just staring
at same thing for so long I was like
let's make a smoothie wait Phenom II to
get back she is she's not had at hand
and all that stuff and then tonight
we're gonna go for a drink with my
cousin and my sister and then we're
gonna go out to a place for dinner which
is are things like a super healthy place
and that you like really cool drinks and
stuff so we're gonna go check this out
yeah this is in the fridge but way off
rich is a very empty we still don't have
I told you guys when we moved in they
didn't wait there's this brand new oven
right it's brand new oven and we found a
brand new pet of this but all this was
packed up in so it's not it's brand new
and we're like alright where's the
actual trees for the oven like the
shelves and they weren't anywhere so he
cooled up like people and turns out that
the people before like when the people
put this
they took it or something took the
shelves so we have literally haven't
been wait that might be on or is that
just one cuz I've opened that okay it's
on just open that as well as like shared
to have I left the oven on
so because there's no trades we
literally haven't been able to cook
because if you cook anything in the oven
if you leave it there I literally down
in something she leave in there for like
ten hours maybe slight exaggeration but
yeah so we're finally getting those
tonight also our dishwashers broken
don't read one open sits a ranks now so
I'm just a smell yeah rank we have used
this
I want the stinks once what we use that
the first day and it's broken and they
can't get a repair outs feel like next
week so it's gonna be broken for two
weeks that's awesome
and they do
but she's going to be
yeah sweet again South can cause like
that that is that's the Natural History
Museum just there I don't know it was in
Kensington hey we should go there we
should definitely make a day out of that
and yeah we're just walking towards is
that fun
it's gorgeous Ram hail a sharp witty
this is the area where all the houses
are like white with pillars how can I
even be roof that's like the Flatiron
Building in New York it's not as thick
as we as a blogger in action
get really like brilliant that moves all
the pieces around I literally almost
where I'm trained
nutshot can we try it
I find remember Ivan plant form a full
Maori
spacy a jin-joo month can I go for now
it's mine chilly Jim yeah oh yeah okay
let's let's try each other
I prefer yours too - yes then starts
have arrived we have got change I know
he said tacos
we've got nap Joe's cheesy cheesy kale
and coconut jerky which I've already had
a big size too excited I was on my main
course has come what did you go for and
I went for buckwheat knocking yo
they need another round of cocktails yes
then look at this little dessert platter
we've got and all this is like good
ingredients guys obviously is still a
tree as we're good ingredients what do
we get we got peanut butter cup that's
yours
okay that's mine these are energy balls
baby cheese in line for each other and
that's an ammonia that's what you've got
what kind of fish is that
yeah but they can have really small fish
in there okay guys these last nine
points I'd be very intrigued to know
that must be come on Paul
Oh chuckles what'd you do
okay so I forgot to tell you guys early
so as you saw I was working on my desk
all day long and then I was like ah you
know what I liked it yeah I was like I'm
tired of what a headache I was like many
years from fresh air
as far as we were aware we had a
communal garden right so everyone in the
block of flats gets to share this garden
that's what the people told us when we
moved in so I walked outside walk out
walk around to the garden go through a
little gate and see there's a nice
little tape in the garden and I'm sat
down yeah it's gone table not oh this is
great took my smoothie out some was at
my laptop I'm gonna sit here and at my
blog I was sat there about ten minutes
in my half a vertex no man at all in the
garden when you come back and then I
hear a hello and I turn around there's a
man standing on his set of stairs that
goes down into the garden and I thought
it was high and he responded no he
didn't want to scare me and I was like
like this is communal isn't it and then
he just went no this is my private
garden
and I was like was very serious about
that and I was kind of well I'm terribly
sorry that I'm sat in your garden but I
got told this is a communal and he was
like wow and I was like I'm really sorry
I didn't I didn't I didn't just break in
and sit in your garden like I just
that's what I thought it was it was the
communal area and then we had a
discussion and then he was like yep so
this is my private garden and then I was
like all right I'll um I'll leave then
see ya thanks for letting me sit in your
over ten minutes so I basically broke in
someone's house today so that was the
thing I did a nameless game was a bit
embarrassing I must confess but never
let's say all life lessons and meeting
the neighbors
