I have got a shake an apple an espresso
and I have a water to start my day off
we're heading to the gym Annabeth I was
researching coffee on this whole paleo
pen
I mean paleo drink coffee so well it was
saying some do some don't
Oh didn't involve what's happened I'm in
the gym and then sorted out good job we
finish there I do my own stuff without
just announcing our than a favor for the
lost ones I was actually underground
with Alfie and Jim yeah and I've wanted
to be Michael for ages you used to be
Michael but I used to always get
confused bars are unable to do so yeah
freeze under download minecraft before
you go I'm gonna start on the plane so
messed about my own playing mainly watch
him yeah and then on a holiday basically
but so as you saw there that was me and
max watch other people see max because
his little head might think off by the
lights yeah there was a light right by
the door so max hi max we are me maximum
are getting it from lunch and then yeah
Big Macs working on some future stuff
I'm not gonna tell you anyway yeah just
because it's right at the very stage but
there's something very exciting that and
me max Naomi are gonna be working on
together which hopefully I'll be able to
film a lot of as it progresses but right
now it's way too early to even let you
know what it is so just gotta wait a
story yeah youtubers like to do that eg
was like to me that
Nasri kumihimo oh this thing's really
cool I've just done you're gonna have to
wait like two months yeah so yeah right
I'm voting we tied up removing my marker
mates into the games room you might want
to play a playstation oh but it's rather
great with your old play on oh I can
both guys have a situation
so this PlayStation was shut in here I
was like oh that sounds that sounds are
quite loud so maybe open it to let it
air why does it sound like it's about to
blow up up I'm not even drinking this is
so unbelievably hot as well like you
can't really hold your hand on it for
that long what what do you think it is
I'm soaked it's never done that before
maybe it had a stressful move yes I
think it's quite stressed I don't know
if it's coming across as loud as it is
in real life either she wishes 10 often
taking my home cuz you can't hear
anything I think we need to turn it off
Jesus sounds like it's saying stuck in a
we never know might have a spider in
there
geez yeah hard time there didn't you
give me negative hype why is Bernie
saving me this is so quiet in here now
thanks Val Vic I've been sent about 12
cases of this but named you could only
bring three back in there yeah
and that's you oh my god we appear what
star yeah
bottle of champagne who's they moving in
oh let's get wasted oh yeah with word
we're in the market for a new candle
lovely good meetings NIM yeah cool
so dish the plumbing guy came
it's our dishwashers broken not the
Plumbing's the answer dishwasher pump oh
yeah and here you just can not condoning
and the other oven shell some come back
so today is a good day so far
we are going to a place that's been
recommended down here somewhere
it's good market no yeah it's cool
market so we're trying to find that that
was fun havin dinner with the boys so
yeah yeah well I
that's not where and then but yeah happy
net quite good someone did it oh cool
yeah I know we went to this place cook
you grill there is really good if you
like going to look like pub waiting yeah
yeah it was good I had a few drinks
enough conclude so anything the uber
driver blocking I see that started you
just wanted to chat me which was kind of
sweet violently dirty got it okay we are
about to watch something on Netflix
we watched documentary every day called
Food Inc it was fascinating I don't know
if any of you guys have ever seen it but
it's all about a show is an American one
so it was all in America but it's all
about way of where the meat comes from
and like shows you that like literally
from where the chickens are brought up
how they're fed to get into supermarket
and it's weird like if you get on switch
it's on Netflix and the American one
definitely watch it cuz weird and it
makes you think like why is there a
knife on the sofa Nym Bob nem Bob
why is there a knife on the sofa
yeah did you try and kill someone did
you try and kill someone I think she
tried to kill someone guys well that's
so weird it's like you know in films
when people drown people with a flannel
and water look should we try that
groaning wait no stay there let's try
something does it matter if your face
gets wet
put your face over the sink more put
your face over the sink now over that no
but lean back let's try that okay she
put it all night you had but lean back
but put your head over the sink because
I'm gonna pour water on you okay kind of
like that but hold this bit back okay
ready
what's that like Charlie yeah try once
more you're gonna try once more
try and breathe like keep on your face
okay okay keep on your face right it
lead tell me your head back a bit more
yeah
what's it like can I try this oh no you
don't breathe in you just just um put it
up in your face and make sure the
outside touch me tell me okay now just
breathe
and you do yeah I thought it looked
different
are you really creepy you look really
really scary
I'm creature soul oh yeah yeah oh I kept
my eyes closed
no I cannot do the world okay are you
ready yeah can you feel anything
oh you can't feel anything that's weird
o'night I bet you get their infection
now like you know when it's a warm in my
ear sorry
what's that fun Oh actually no do hope
he thing otters
oh what pinched my skin and I'll
fall after an electric shock
oh yeah everything we have got about so
we're uh yeah al Ernie must seem to
Cyrus off Phil your skin always feel so
I always feel soft
this is why you skin and tonic
steam-clean is that way don't push it
into five condemning this should be a
scary scary monster should be the
monster
alright guys peace on the streets he
says that I swear some youtuber i watch
does that who's on the streets
the boyfriend let's girlfriend maybe we
were just watching a documentary called
the act of killing which is about I've
really thought when she's right now
which is about we haven't finished it
but it's about the killings in Indonesia
and they were killing like all the
Communists and it was fascinating like
there because people used to kill
innocent people because they were
communist basically really really messed
up but very interesting anyway I know
it's better so I will see your beautiful
faces tomorrow
thumbs up video enjoy
