and I very tinny not China any smoothie
after lunch some protein
pretty dare do
turn around forests and we clearly have
not got the appropriate Footwear for
this outing halfway all of them are in
boxes somewhere in that junk room don't
really think I have an iron a pair of
like walking shoes so we definitely plan
that's crazy
Oh straight I think it straight
go for it we were just saying how nice
it'd be if we had a dog I common token
we just walked past this no he loves
done but realistically that's massive
how do you need like a proper garden and
like I think we're ready to don't get a
dachshund fast and then get a we have
like a family house Oh what do you guys
think
now we're an underwater serious is is
more of an option than bright and
because because we used to have to
travel with London so much that's one of
the reasons of it all we travel so much
but now there we search her a lot
obviously doesn't she have to she's got
a few dogs bye thanks
okay I'm really seeing them mixed
bathing pond so apparently people
swimming in this how is that not how
would you not get cold
yeah they have set one thing on where
look at this dog how cold did that dope
BGA's was shaking his head is poppin do
dance to the dance shake my head to the
dance what I swim I
alright doc nerd so is that just aren't
still mixed so yeah apparently people
come swimming yeah any summer
while those houses on there chief there
and look we we the whole time in here
we've heard noise like what is that
normally this vmz I thought it was gonna
be some exercise class turns out we've
walked upon a carnival so we're gonna go
check this out
oh my god getting a rat hair out I don't
know if you guys can see is the hotel
there is cool hair so dude
this is so random it's massive this is
so funny
everyone's in wellies I'm humbled Ronin
like
well hello mr. Swan
or mrs. Swan beats one doesn't the Queen
own all this ones in the wild or someone
does that true is that true there's a
big old swamp this ones that can like
break your arms as well
and surrounded by the wildlife through
the trees we've got a wild Swan making
its mast preparing for the winter
hibernation bird will lay eggs and
blossom it's fabulous Lanna is a legit
making a nest that is actually clinical
and an absolute beast helping it is you
know they can't fly come
you don't realize how big their when
they're planning up the kiss makes just
feed Oh
so cool energy dudes dudes I don't think
you get that kid
he's turning him on that made there's my
mate look at mommy
it's one's a bit of a bully guys I guess
I can officially start like vlogging
properly in the house now because by the
time you're watching this my main
channel video would have gone up which I
said of a house tour but it's not really
a house tour like I tried to go they
have a funny spin on it ended up being a
bit weird but and here we go yeah we've
got our washing area which is here you
Hahnemann's your knickers any porn
there's no Nick is that this is our
kitchen yeah
kitchen dance kitchen dance kitchen
kitchen kitchen dance it's quite cool
because you've got wooden work surface
here which I love and then you've got
that one over there which is normal we
have been out and about exploring
different areas of London today and we
have just got back basically what we did
we put this washing on I put it on
yesterday didn't I it at like 11:00 just
pull my family came and then I'm going
out with my family and I said to him I
saw can you get it out at something at
some point can you get it out when it's
done you everything all right so you
forgot and then last night when we got
back from going for drinks what friends
I got into bed like all the washing was
like 1 o'clock - it is fine we'll get in
the morning I opened it this morning and
it reeks so he had to wash it again and
now we've just got out it's a really
amazing story and we are about to have
her dry to the supermarket we're gonna
go and find her won't be done breeding
and try and find a supermarket something
so I know organic boys and girls
that makes us very happy it's like it's
kind of a supermarket where is a
supermarket just in London but it's
super healthy and they do amazing stuff
and they've sent us loads of free stuff
yeah we order online we're just gonna
stop coming up there I guess yeah
through to go knew it was come in but I
didn't realize you could buy in shops
these are insects guys Buffalo worms
apparently they're the new in thin the
health because they are full of protein
look at this
anyone fences and crickets this makes me
feel a little bit weird I don't know how
I feel about that I'm really really
weird that makes me feel a bit funny Oh
grasshoppers if anyone's interested in
those oh my god we've got some dinner we
just made he's dinner before going to
watch my busted and one thing we've
noticed with this house were any is is
full of spiders which isn't a great sign
we've had four encounters with big ones
as well
in the last four days so one a day
that's a lot of spiders
if you add it up hopefully it's just
because someone maybe hasn't been living
here for a while and now that they are
they're like oh what's this going on and
then they're kind of moving out
hopefully that's the case but you never
know
imagine if empty nesters let me go to
that is in the same and think about that
that's like 18,000 people it's a really
slow
completely reliving childhood 3d I think
I will
check this out guys
the VIP club and sweets thanks Tom
Mark's Butler plus one you're my plus
one
you know my little friend apparently
Nellie's on tonight as well as they'd
like if you are going to compare me to
is on up
what do you think ma'am
or to that country
your attention
like Oakland
my girls with me as well
Houston
I bet oh it's freezing
I'm I'm very tired very very tired it's
half past one um - oh oh my god let's
talk about the show for a second how
awesome was it from the set to the
performance to being in a box with
people like Ellie Goulding yeah it was
kind of all thanks to tickets Tom we got
there and we were in this box with like
all of family and friends and stuff so
it's cool got to meet buzz and then
after the show we went to like the after
thing which was like a bar and I finally
met Tom so me and Tom chat for about
five minutes ten minutes maybe a little
picture which you may have seen on
Instagram already but it was just really
fun to chat and hang out and stuff
there's no Road good night so congrats
on the night and thanks anyway now I'm
very tired feel a bit rundown good good
bird
Oh see you guys tomorrow for Easter oh
by the time you watch this is Easter so
happy Easter I hope you had a fantastic
day ate lots of food and chocolate and
that's about it so yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
