good morning guys hello I'm up and ready
basically today this morning well
between 8:00 well let me start again
June 8 and 9 we've got shopping coming
food shopping and then between 8 & 1
hey don't you hate when they give you
such a wide time gap is our internet
being installed which is actually
considerably moved quite fast
installation but he just called me now
it's 22 9 he just called me and he's
like yeah on the way so hopefully that
be done and then the shopping will be
here and then that means I'll be able to
film because it's big in up and still
don't really know how I'm gonna film it
I'm thinking should I make it funny or
just literally walk around be like yo
this is the kitchen that I want
important that down also I slept really
bad again the night before didn't
actually tell you but there was the
neighbor went my holiday at 3 in the
morning so like they have kids and stuff
and when we first moved in first night
and you hear that you're like oh my god
I'll be next like a crazy family who are
up at 3:00 in the morning smacking
around but turned out that they were
going on holiday I think who didn't hear
them last night but then last night I
just couldn't sleep I wake up at 3:00
for a week and then was literally
running around and now I also feel a
little bit like in my notice which is a
bit me literally you know they're just
runs when it's that Aaron is just like
oh yeah what does my nose just decide to
run yeah that's great isn't it anything
you don't notice it and then you realize
someone staring at you you just got a
small onion on your lip on your top lip
first of all problems guys thank you
oh look wait a foot so I'm listening to
outfit radio this is little voice going
on I've just got the shot in drilling
finished filming my main Channel video I
really hope you guys gonna enjoy it it's
a little bit different though we're
weird and I really do hope you like it
I'm now heading off in town to go mean I
mean her phones died so I'm like yeah
don't know if we're gonna be able to
meet up or not and also virgin is
installed so we've now got our internet
shoppings meetings we've got a shopping
and they're so looking at that and yeah
now I need to go pop into town it's
weird st. Alex I mean central one like
yo it was popping into town like I need
to figure out what I'm saying
I bought me out basically need to try
and find knowing me have boners die so
I'm like ah okay and then I think Jim
and Todd are coming around tonight to
hang out which is gonna be fun
look I'm with
what have you had done involved no way
that's right morning
I'm talking funny listen my name is
finally on purpose like she's had a plan
it's just being delay and that delay for
Christmas and then they were just being
a bit rubbish but now
say sizzling sausages sizzling sausages
you don't to you because you've got say
any man I just feel really different
you'd only see a tiny tiny one just wait
till you get used we're now heading back
home designing to head air and eat and
Jimmy Tommy coming round I just had this
little dude
this little pigeon what's that he's
going on red bird food Butthead bow my
foot is here to come back yeah but
that's where I put my phone and come
back come back and eat my food oh hey
yeah call me do what don't be scared
come on you know you want that food
come on chubs he's figuring out the best
way in okay
sneaking around the side go on
ladies come around this way I'll open my
leg for you
lunchtime got really really delicious
salad chicken salad and I'm about to
import footage for the main Channel
video which is really just like the size
of that lemon real Wow these people
right white tell me that's not sure this
is Tom whooping Jim Wow I was
talking you she goes in your face gone
then Jim Logue
hilarious Here I am with that Morris
hello yeah if you watch bad Long's
you'll know that we're standing my
Florrick's because it smells much and
uglier than yours
hey right now everyone take a screenshot
thanks Tom
let me just zoom out yeah if you could
get my bogey yeah show them there's a
little black polka dot it was actually a
real little booger
thanks time each other's bogies there we
go is just a casual phone stuff on the
mirror it's not a casual it's a tree oh
it's actually Jim's phone oh that's
Tonya as well but how cool is that Joe
had this case as well I already want
this case to smoke on walk around
sticking my final things
they're probably really nice I've just
stuff oh oh there we go is just a casual
phone stuff on the mirror it's not a
casual etc oh it's actually Jim's phone
oh that's Tonya as though but how cool
is that Joe had this case as well parody
want this case just local mall pal
sticking my final things are just what
Tom what you try poison Jibril ugly
tarney the whole fame one put it all in
all in all in all in yes you can wanna
try some that was it this one feels odd
feels a bit like a bit of sea bass
my name's must be really weird
it's quite this Charmander go oh it's
very bitter
I love this I have this what of it ether
hole-in-one eat it eat it I'm gonna give
up you have to is it really better like
the out of evening time all-in-one not
just a little minute yeah seven six five
four three
well done
hey you two just weird
I've got mist on top I'll go very runny
nose
it just goes from like no one to one why
does it do that
I know a gym and time I've just gone it
was such a nice evening I was so cool to
think that they can just come to ours
for the evening and then go back home
usually every time I would film in town
it's been that one of us has had to like
stay for a few days because it's been
such a long distance to travel so I'm
gonna stop getting used to that I think
that's gonna be nice but yeah family up
tomorrow
that should be fun day and then
someone's having Saturday I feel like so
much is just happening now I already
obviously I think we're going to go and
see my busted play Tom Fletcher invited
me so I think we're gonna see that which
should be fun and there was something
else but I can't remember and I'm gonna
go and blow the crap out of my nose so
I'm gonna end this book here but I will
see you guys tomorrow
oh my video will definitely be coming up
on Sunday of the house tour like I said
it's not a proper house tour is a bit of
like a funny twist on one so if you're
not satisfied with that then you'll see
the house in these folks I'm already
showing you stuff this is the kitchen as
you can clearly see I'm standing in the
kitchen what can you see then just put
the screen up on all hello yeah you can
pretty much do kitchen it's nice very
nice
right oh yeah that's better no love you
guys
