hello hello how'd I do this um okay
uh-huh
come on this way this way no no lo there
you go
good there you go no you don't want to
go come on stop barking the balloons we
found that has this fear of the balloons
I don't even know why look what's it
showing out this one turnout here Drago
preemie No
Oh how'd you do that then good morning
it's so Zoe's bath down fresh ready
actually so I get one cements in the
world
look how amazing it is Alfie an
assistant it'll s so cool
I should have filmed earlier but we came
down and had a lovely breakfast look a
cake Alfie got Zoey
so for rainbow Kade of layers and stuff
but we were had lovely breakfast and
finish was not me these are the cupcakes
that we got Zoey by the way I never
showed you was there not yeah yeah I was
like you already seen them this what
they look like went for red velvet
because that's her fav something Oreo
honors cookies and cream and then white
chocolate in a normal chocolate she
really liked them that willow she hasn't
eaten them yet Yas we're on the way to
Lois hey excited Zoe
you have no idea what I was about to
have so Justin and she's coming in G
yeah oh we space sir open the door now
and let her in yeah and it's gonna fit
right on here but come on come on Betty
come on but it's really loose yeah um I
don't actually even know where we go
pretty so not really so the only pipe
and all right usually did you pre
reserved yeah I just drive over I just
drive the phone over see here just leave
it there it might be a bother
yeah there's not a bokken this dude's
gonna Park it for you this
Jim's back on the alcohol again aren't
you Jim yeah if you wasted on you
that's just all yours you get through
your that I'd also like to say to
everybody watching this thank you ever
so much for screenshotting that picture
in my vlog and tweeting it to Jim they
are deep in the blue you didn't lose to
me
is too good yeah hello OSI gosh is
drunkies I bet you oh yeah Jim supply
yeah
he's lying isn't it on their reactions
day I mean I just like think about that
we're hitting each other Scoob
and then our time wage when we did
reaction games so this was to test how
good your reactions were right you ready
that has to be starting no after opening
yeah you ever got the reaction okay that
doesn't count
hit your hand ah okay me with money why
is it always slip here it's like
anything I've got no does anyone know
all right Joe over there is giving us
the newer a new apparent you have to
have a note because it falls differently
yeah let me switch switch all right you
ready you hold it like near the books
and okay but not here yes my
yes kit I know it's your money you get
to keep that now I love the ball over
before and before maybe a fiver now yeah
talks to you happens if I run hi
so we're just sat here with a Miss
sprinkleofglitter hello and we're having
question time of Louise all about her
strange
it's my lovely explaining her kind of
grubby dirty Oh pillowcase which is in
love to relationship with lucky for
favorite guys oh here we go
I'll please go no this is oh oh we're
just having the Q&A my question is like
to view naturally she's around me yeah
there you go
everyone has a question my question is
right if they just have an accident and
it and be beyond repair how would you
get which would you honor it with a
burial Oh what's up with you I would
like to put him in the ground
whatever Billy wanna make sure you get a
plastic bag it's on my wardrobe jeju-do
Oh red pill if anyone is still there so
you know like how murderers always keep
like a trophy
dad you just kind of keep the skin on
these victim in a little tripod yet
Alfie you do it please can you do your
weird lip thing you just did as well
Louise was given a demonstration and I
was just like whoa why'd you do it with
your lip hang on for my camera they
don't understand pili they don't know
something
oh hi I came in the play and it looks
like a bit more bit there you go nice
that's great yeah no no no just the lip
bit wait wait for it focus keep that
there okay um yeah there there you go
that is very peculiar but cool is that
quite cool
if anyone is in a bag on to the wardroom
why was that like what happened was he
sort of fell apart as because when they
get reach the 10-year mark they fall
apart this has been going on is that you
should be white and no it was a
different group sort of bluey gray okay
it definitely was wasn't no it wasn't
ditching and it was bluey gray see well
let's just give a card or look at that
moment Alfie did this I did not do that
you know you did you know Alfie ten
pounds to look at look at ten pounds no
no okay
next question makes your pants turns got
her question short on you have to rub it
on your face to ask a question what you
do Tong has to rub it on our face okay
question do you have other things that
you would like cuddle at night no teddy
bear oh no okay oh you know boys all
about you had an awesome teddy bear all
right no I'll never mind it what about
up what about fluffy pillow games no I
want this smooth klutz not smooth that
feels a little bit like a chalkboard
you're wrong at all
can we call can we hash actually talk
for this yeah hashtag a little okay next
question
yes back early I ll ie oh that has
anybody else in the group got a question
yeah
okay I know you've got a question was
I'll take the tenner away from top to
bottom top to bottom
from top to bottom my question I vote we
all got stairs and get pitiable what do
we think
no problem where do you have a bar
thinner and we go since piratey months
was me I think washing machine I think
you do the lights and puns about how
much he's washed cuz I um I have asked
you my opinion numerous times and every
time I say when was actually washed him
you always to say two months ago when
would you really wash oh yeah let me
stay by me actually think let me think
this is the biggest quake yesterday i
know i mean is i i'm truly trying makes
video life yes um does he speak dear
yeah no ii don't wash tin before i went
to playlist february not fast was it
distressed but yeah i hated but before
that was like i think before I'm a
theater emotion good because I'm like oh
yes be washed first because like I love
to see him oh yeah oh please
ah right guys I'm back home in bed oh
wait for know me she had to go back home
and do some baby sing for a bit so I
just stayed at Zoe's and hung out of
everyone and we got swag mamas and then
we were just chilling really that's
about it and then that's pretty much
what you saw today is actually been such
a fun day like not just because it's
those birthday but the fact that like
all of us pretty much for together in
one place and we don't do that enough we
were saying like the only time we do it
is when we're at like events or work
stuff and it's like do you know how much
we just have fun when with the other
just like yo this is fun and we never
altogether unless it is at an organized
event where there's something else going
on like what we just hung out and it was
so much fun so we're going to try and do
stuff like once a month and like
often and just hang out basically also a
bloody pissed-off rope I was lying here
I was like oh yes 5 to 1 about to go to
bed I'll say yeah no miss Lipp strong
back I was like yeah about to go to bed
and I was all right just roll around
whatever look back at the club bloody
like three minutes plus two I was like
whoa if I've been asleep for like an
hour
what's what's going on and then I was
like oh my god freaking clocks are gone
bored so I'm literally us an hour sleep
like that right now I'm about a 7 out of
10 annoyed it's pretty annoyed haha you
guys probably a lot of you in the UK I
think it's only the clock exchange in
the UK but I think you guys will
probably just be annoyed because you
miss an hour sleep when you wake up you
know to her anyway I hope this video if
you enjoyed it I love you your sexy face
you write that literally you you and
I'll see you tomorrow alright
