hello hi you know what time it is
nice work placement beer from Germany
that liter and a half of beer what he
always what Yelp elite beer they need to
go to town cuz we are gang Zoey's
birthday present i hain't miss Arizona
it's night Zoe's birthday tomorrow so
yeah we're doing like a surprise then
I'll is arranged are you gonna be part
of that which night it's there when he's
going to town grab her something have no
idea what to get but I was in town of
Alfea once you got Zoe some cupcakes
from here so we picked up from an NGO a
little backup for I guess you will see
them when choke hope you like the mighty
shark rebelde and now where the car pump
in
being a one-shot confronted them so we
go
just itchin no idea what to get better
day that's the place we think she's very
much
God that is very true quite become very
harmful ain't your easy yeah I need
yours okay we should so get in a mess
well that might say so a bug
Oh what's it dear look I think it oh
it's so funny having much luck Kajal and
right now jachnoon there
one order is whenever if you have the
coolest craziest some finance since my
clips I've see about that I don't think
we were in that book I think that's more
viral videos
we got hard yeah
thank you that's very Zoey yeah
hope you like that right now any types
of things I like Alomar
that looks like a pig though not a
elephant that doesn't really look like
Elmer that can't be oh man hey Elmer
ball toy where's the trauma that's not
true Elmer there's a fake food that's
pretty good
the car wait did you put that video
operator yeah where we shot on the
seafront yeah that's like the car that
was there there's an old tool heavy car
what are you getting in Bob
some juicers which contain charcoal
which is like a whole nother thing we'll
explain when we get back look
interesting and then other side wise
charcoal and then like I said I'm not
really sorry I'm not really liking my
hair today I tried to put in a bit more
of this other wax to give it a kind of a
bit more of a wet look and kind of
scraped back because the pan is rancid
to the guy cuts my hair loss
he was like yeah we should grow the
sides and then you push the sides back
like this well we've obviously whacked
and then this bits long-run goes back it
looks funny now like that but it's me my
hair go like just what split Henry
oh no anyway what was I telling you
about choco look at this Nicki posture
one of the chocolate things this is so
cool okay so the first one we saw was
this look at this okay wait for it to
focus almond milk charcoal and protein
this has actual charcoal in it like I
don't know how well you I can't see
through the cracked screen that well
actual chocolate and then this is
activated charcoal h2o which is water
and that is choco so excited bugs are
very nervous to try that but apparently
our charcoal is amazing at taking away
top tin so if you're ill or if you're
over or you know you've just got to feel
a bit yeah that's great at extracting
them from your body this wasn't even
that told us so I'm gonna try my nails
later and see what it's like I've just
done saying pretty bad okay
remember the other night like three
nights ago and I made tuna steaks but
when I finished I take a pan outside and
I leave it outside because it's one of
the cast iron ones come left outside for
three days there's our pan shooting on a
set of stairs probably ain't get that
huh guys this is what we are we got
and hopefully she likes it no mystery
lights copper basically she left she's
like obsessed of copper and when I went
shopping with her years ago she saw
these and picture frames I think she
already has fun and it's basically like
these glass picture frames and this is I
mean it's more brass isn't it yeah it's
still similar so we found this glass one
my dog she has like big ones but even if
she does I've put loads of photos yeah
and I makes just spread some pictures in
here
as you can see what this is all
Santorini is that has everyone Santorini
every throwback yeah oh that was so much
fun that Somali oh I'm leaving it to no
me to wrap because I will make complete
shambles of it won't I how about my
wrapping I think you like that you're
bad so that you get out - that's very
true
I do like that I'm bad at wrapping like
wrapping paper of course I am fans
actually go spitting bars wrapping look
where we're going
look where we're going where are we
going the reason I'm so excited it's
because we're staying at there we're
having a sleepover now this not because
it's so an outfit obviously that's great
that we're having to see perfect airs
but we're having a sleepover in someone
else's house in Brighton when was the
last time they the last time I had a
sleepover in Brighton was probably
school no that doesn't count as a
sleepover and it's praying
house now when was the last time you had
a sleepover complete lie with your
friends with your friends
exactly
shut your trap cuz you speak a lot of
crap right guys you see this scary thing
on the screen
well Alfie sister and Sean around and
sean has recommended that we watch
what's it called Annabelle know me so
why are you wrapped in a blanket you're
gonna get so hot of God all right we're
gonna do this and everyone good guys
we're in a different bed tonight we are
in I'll sleep over her we're in zone
outfits from know in their like spare
room
I haven't blogged much like cuz we just
children prep I'm out like VP uh-oh
she's doing the magic technique you need
to lean forward a bit more
go on that's what I like that Oh has he
gone I will be Coco you never get
makeups what's going on
as it worked
stand up and have a breather I just
thought plates are there when I do this
really get more water in there cold
drink on your back yeah it didn't really
work
then they yujeong yeah it worked for my
saying we had pizza and we were watching
a scary film then everyone got tired so
they've gone to bed but yeah we are
gonna go to bed so thumbs this video
enjoyed it oh I post a new main Channel
video yesterday which I am very very
happy about absolute lover and I think
you guys will really enjoy it too so
they checked out and seen that really
it's not focusing okay I'm getting there
so see you guys my give ba
