good morning guys look at the time yeah
look that is the color of outside it's
the morning but we are heading off to
drive on you yeah Gus is good I don't
know why but someone change it this time
in the morning I've always been a
morning person but not four o'clock in
the morning person
struggle to get sleep last night to use
the old sleeping gnosis again and but
yeah we heard up to Munich which I'll
tell you more about it because on cars
it's the airport
they're shears did you have a nice
little sleep film to having it sleep and
I posted a snapchat story we are in the
airport
Jimmy Lucy here as well they came
through about 10 minutes before marrying
somewhere else
we found the face with wonder tree it
looks really good like generally in
airports trying to get healthy food or
good food is a struggle and we found
this place and it's actually got some
really awesome options like you like
whole load a healthy stuff we got like
smoothies it sort of like juices it's
alright just pretty cool stuff and I've
never seen it before so thanks for
having that terminal to what that's it
piece of architecture there for you on
this lovely morning
that looks fake cups of this it's great
isn't it
fresh no no no said that
what do you think that because it's like
the first thing we pretty had so I'm
starting with that so yeah I love it
hi Jim hey Charlie
how are you Jim I'm so I'm really I'm
not in a good place
you're not really a more no no Lucy
because we got sent car this morning I
got into comic died you fall asleep oh
that's a big step I am still buzzing
with energy so I'm weirdly energetic for
this time of the morning and we are now
flying not flying we are heading towards
our gate that is what we are doing right
now I still haven't told you why we're
going to Germany I don't really know
what to explain other than yes we're
being invited by BMW to drive a car so
why are why not I am third wheel at
least yeah Oh Jim is totally
third-wheeling that's so true okay no
yeah but that's what we're doing good
tag
I guess I could say that cuz she fits we
are in Germany
oh we're a community
okay this guy's we even have a BMW taxi
that guys get your hand out the way it's
big old lanky hard look at that BMW
taxis yeah and we have TVs in the back
of this tactic oh my god Munich anywhere
in central Munich now we're just heading
to the hotels drop ah thank you Joe
quite warm isn't it son anyway it feels
warming at home everyone it's gonna be
the set of my hair there's an old town
through there and we should go visit
also just drop my camera on floor the
screen is now smashed so I'm not too
happy about and this is our room who are
you oh there's me Hey that's what I look
like today look at the lens by the way
can you guys see this
hang on wait I don't know if you can see
this can you see that it's cracked this
is really spinning me out and it's
really smashed all up here so yeah this
is the room it's quite big actually I
thought you know being in a city we'd
have a really small room bed area thing
window TV and the oh wow it's bottoms
huge
this is balcony wait sure you oh wow
that's what they didn't have a raven
when i was oh my god that's scary
hello hello hello George and ye look a
lot all of that building is BMW
headquarters
imagine being such a Dom that you have a
whole building that I'm quite annoyed at
about a nine one annoyance level that
we're at the NW world this is inside BMW
Wow full of new cars the smell is
incredible in here it smells pretty
amazing oh yeah of course they have
minis here as well don't they oh look
how cool that mini works don't know if
you're a bit too tool to drive minis gem
yeah if you in a minute
oh you've driven a mini actually yeah
roomy that looks really cool how cool
does that look
sorry Bello as you guys may know I kind
of love cars a bit of this book maybe
like my butt oh let's go to Playboy
no way it's literally playable Playboy
but the actual car that looks same this
is a right that the gym fits him
perfectly that is so cool this is very
uh this is the electric car by the way
this is an this was using like Mission
Impossible something it's kind of like a
supercar but it's electric and it looks
very pretty
was it this is using my building as
massive it's so big there's lots of
glass as well
food has what hasn't right we just got
our food as well so we are about to test
drive this car I say we I am driving
this car and we're going on a little
trip in it should be fun I'm handing the
camera to know me for vlogging
responsibilities NIM you've got vlogging
responsibilities alright yep just in
case you never know what might happen on
this trip so always good to take your
coat we are currently on the autobahn in
Germany
we're in part in some errors you could
there's no speed limit but because
there's traffic there is a speed limit
right now but nevertheless we're having
fun on a little road trip we're
exploring Munich we're having Fonda so
currently we can go
as we want because there isn't a speed
limit so we are going 100 60 kilometers
and that's nothing compared to some of
the cars that just flew by I don't even
know how far 30 miles per hour I want to
say maybe was my driving guys how would
you rate my driving it so we've just sat
around the table just chatting and then
Jim broke the news about Zane I broke
the news that he was like parenting
Zane's left on it and I was like wait
what not like because I'm a fairing I
was like but this is huge exam leaving
one dude is they look at every single
for every swimmer non-artists is it
every single tweet brands from people
anyone we follow is about huge in that
kind of wave I think in the grand scheme
of things they're abandoned their great
bands have done lots of great stuff
Renu do you press it Jim think of all
right he's still got a tomo is there
still but music I tell you it's like
your favorite show The Walking Dead
imagine them killing your favorite
character I would go that's what it's
like guys yeah I think things gonna be
her
it's like that it's not it's nothing
people I'm saying getting eaten by
zombies it it's not quite as Nova's real
lights even words leave the band hasn't
broken up though like yeah well we don't
know yeah I don't know what's going on
no no you'll have to fill in with that
well yeah it's a bit okay she sort of
did that on the radio yesterday although
you even bear to get in anyway yeah we
are about to eat dinner in and this is
the building at night look how pretty it
looks a little lights we just have an
amazing dinner as well too much food
seriously too much food and so all over
today I'm tired right now but we're
heading back to the hotel I need to
upload my vlog test the internet I did
earlier I'm not really sure what it was
like thank you
Cheers
then we are gonna wander out into the
streets of Munich I think me and Jimmy
gonna man man it and get a stain or a
mats whatever they call that something
like that and one of the big fears
there's a landmark there ahead of that
were on the streets of Munich very very
fluffy pen yeah we're on the streets of
Munich trying to find a large beer that
is literally out of plan for the night
to find a large beer search lads on for
beer this is obviously a popular tourist
spot lots of on goers like us doing
various things at us that there's
another another monumental building it
looks a bit like saying from Disneyland
very clean oh there's even a little
character out here when you get picture
Jim
I think
there's a woman selling pretzels there's
a man laying over here like what more
could you want
Wow Cheers what'd we do
Museum
fantastic
so I know Jim
we're now banging stop now
this guy's loving right
so we've left a fill in Jim we've had
all we've had is we've had a Leitrim off
of beer edge which is a fair amount of
beer can see I've rarely drink yeah you
don't really dress do you know my issue
at the moment is that because I had a
drink last week all of my friends and I
haven't drunk with my ears and I'll go
to English in in German Jim is a free
bike we could take dude that's always
gonna water stop killing me my reasoning
behind you Jim going three two one oh oh
oh
who's got skills lucky about that's good
schools he has not got skills
my guys I'm gonna with my tiny left
inside it I need to go not fun we've got
some food it's better I would see you
guys might come to the only I think you
had enough see it's fine
bye Jeff bye
