good morning people how are you today I
am in island if you did not know I'm
very hungry but uh look hey how's this
gonna work
look how cool that is
it's my hotel view room oh hello yeah
that's a that's my that's my view guys
all right looks like gonna be a
beautiful day top of the morning to ya
I need step dinner if you're unaware why
film with my phone
it's because my camera decided to turn
itself on last night and died and I
didn't bring on the battery makers I
didn't plan on that happening definitely
hair my mouth and how about her down
I've seen breakfast and edit my vlog and
then I think I'm getting a taxi over to
the school so ditch my plane food is
what I went for eggs sausage tomato
coffee that was the same later I'm sat
here edited so I just want to ask you
guys something because if anything's
ever wrong you guys are always a great
source of information to ask so about
since we come up from snowboarding my
knees have been pretty kind of like
on-and-off sore and three days ago when
I work out I did some leg stuff and
since that but two days ago my knees
have locked up and they just dull ache
constantly like really saw a literally
the whole day and if I'm standing up
it's worse if I'm moving it's worse it's
only when I rest them and if elevated no
it's not and it's just beneath here so
right here's the kneecap it's like right
here
yeah and it's in both knees exactly the
same I don't really not to do I might
try and see like a physio or something
when I get back because it's literally
stopping me like I can't walk properly
I'm like hobbling when I'm walking is
that sort of so any ideas what that
could be
see you later room see you sometime
maybe
maybe maybe not
about to blog school
hey see her name's Becky hi Lauren
I've just come and got pictures of these
guys whilst them meeting of the
ambassador's and doing like activities
so I'm going to be showing you what I'm
doing that as well but just thought I'd
say hey with these guys okay so I'm on a
table i'ma take a look with these guys
do you guys my ambassadors on you say
what your names and there's talk me
through like all their different
activities that run they're running this
thing is called a Yugo which is
basically like what you'd want to see if
you googled yourself when you're younger
so I thought why not and I said played
basketball in America be living in
London or America get good grades in
college and then you have to say like
images you like to see it so I drew an
amazing picture of me and then they also
fill this out so to help make the
internet better place I promise I will
and I come up with whatever I want to
say so I said send a nice message to
someone every day
bring it to one for you over here so
you've got be nice to people online what
did you say
I can't recut this save our passwords
yeah very important I know you nice to
people online comment nice things
yeah leave nice comments guys we're
gonna help me on a good even my mum my
mum doesn't even know how to anybody's I
see online yeah of course very important
help my granny to Skype so she can see
her son oh you guys feel like good
messages right hi a ball a stranger I'm
gonna pass around I volunteered help me
please
you what's your name okay that's fine I
can spot thank you now you hold on
children be told you so sure you go busy
like sent this picture out in imaginary
world and look how far it's spread
obviously you may not have wanted that
to happen but it's kind of scary to see
how many people have had access to not
one picture or that message that you set
now does that means you worried a bit
and you guys as well it's like this just
shows you how safety books be online
like that you send stuff out
look at Marcus and say hi Marcus
okay oops
I'll leave you to go :
o God forgive me by phones are so hard
this is the school like the outside
that's where I am
look how cool it is you've got an actual
River by your school I don't know if
they do anything out water sports
nothing but look at the ground it's very
pretty and this is what the school looks
like it's kinda like an old building
yeah we've done on the morning so if you
literally just had lunch in the canteen
which was an interesting more and more
people just started crowd standing
around us as eating and I was just like
oh I um so yeah I think we're now doing
some more filming stuff we've literally
just eaten and now I'm yeah I think I'm
leaving in of hours it's been really fun
met so many of you guys as well I had no
idea to be this many people in Ireland
to me it's insane I just I wish I could
go to more schools and meet peeps so
this is a big kind of thing that
everyone in that school is sign I say
there's these guys hi and I've just
signed it oh that right there there's me
and there's thumbs didn't vote has a
boner here is my cousin or somebody that
was funny I was a beautiful butter on
this school
thoughts people call Butler everyone
there's a Marcus down there oh yeah oh
yes not related but one scenes action
for the cameraman is like Paris's looked
like tending to the shop
we always go be careful monster oh well
done hold on I on this bridge oh we're
going to send these balloons up into the
sky in a minute so one of the key
messages about this whole campaign is
spreading positivity so a bunch of guys
from all the different classrooms have
written their notes and we're all going
to send them up into the sky in balloons
to help spread the message as you can
see
Oh
my friends are
yeah
I got
very fun
I'm just gonna walk a bit towel with
these guys sobbing today I'm just going
to walk into a random class it's an
English lesson going on right now
hello I will totally enjoy a random
letter what's happening right now what
are you teaching thank you
okay I'm gonna leave he's carrying your
stories now bye look out oh this library
is for a school library it's cool but
it's just very very old-looking very
cool teller this is completely message
from his Butler's nothing
his Butler like an Irish name or
something because the amount of people
I've seen that have got Butler like on
that school thing that sign as a yeah
that was like four five Butler's just in
one school and I'm in the air now tran20
food no now back home Island was so much
fun I've just got back and NIMH has made
me some dinner
it is a lentil Bolognese I think which
looks amazing and I'm very very touched
again the food at the airport in
Highland was so bad so there's a naked
large man on this TV screen um hello
guys today's been so much fun I don't
really know what I honestly see my film
yet but just the whole my filming I have
enough in film anything yeah I'm coming
the whole experience of going to school
working with a campaign I'm passionate
about you know anti-bullying and just
having fun with it and seeing what you
guys were doing in school and just
meeting loads of school people was just
a really cool experience for me also
bought bat loads of memories going back
to school and stuff made me kind of miss
school a bit that sounds probably a bit
sad but I was like I'm in school miss
hanging out friends every day but yeah
I'll go to bed so it comes up video
input and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
