hello beautiful taking people welcome
back to the kitchen you know happened in
kitchen we deep-fries up in the kitchen
so today we are going to be deep-frying
McDonald's and let you guys in a little
secret
we actually filmed this video about four
months ago but it was just for I went
away to LA of something and the files
were corrupt so we filmed a whole
building on it and the files are corrupt
so we never are concerning with that
video
so we're recent wins today but we're
doing completely different stuff back
then it was boring where at this time we
weren't singing cuz what we are we do
crime is a classic Big Mac what we're
going to be deep fryer first classic
McDonald's fries because a deep fry fry
why not and also be the most exciting is
I'm not flurry
hey what don't have it here because we
keep in the freezer
make sure you're ready kids that was Big
Mac a big old Big Mac get all that let
him old boy you most excited for sorry
come on involved one two three
oh yeah baby yes squidging oh yeah baby
cover me cover me in your fluids clear
that's the creepiest thing you've ever
done this is really hard
I'm beyond it's really hard it's not
really sniffing at all she's really
helped think that's the best we can do
alright we're just going to pop this in
reddit and while our whole sticking
fried chicken right something
oh yeah oh we need to clip it like ah
follow me write something jump again
right okay
I look at the two outcomes but that's
doing well yeah she cut it yeah we let
it cool the bait car the big part in a
bitmap that's quite good female is good
no nothing deep-fried looks good it's a
southern right fry one fry it let's do a
couple that is a copy it looks a bit sad
ah phallic so depressing
these are just going to taste the boy
laughing that's just potato we met high
explosive alert
yep you sure yes definitely look like a
rat or something
Oh literally those look like a rat dog
boys coming out that should be some
finger oh yeah again come to fry that is
horrible they want to eat that now is
what I'm very playful the McFlurry not
really sure how it is though something
eyes can be quite dangerous so we've got
five we ate on all right so this is an
Oreo McFlurry for those two look that
does look nice very liquidy just let's
just try and create a ball so how should
we do this like this
your ID it really quick really yeah sure
so it's gonna melt this is not work at
all
go go go or just like that yeah the
covers snow bit worried about this
oh this feels a bit dangerous
hey now
seem to try not is going on a man well
if it were you've got some to try yeah
we do have you try even keep trying to I
like that yeah is that well it's a bit
of Iceland that is it's not there that
bit yeah there you go that is lychee
yeah there you go click on this and we
don't need to cut it but that is quite
good that was a bit scary was it that
way we can always hope that things turn
out for the best or sometime there's
been an apple of that burger looks okay
smells pretty good that looks disgusting
that looks like a piece of vomit I've
been out tastes amazing it looks like
cookie dough although when you squish it
will pop almost put that in my body you
really call it
Oh robot are so much oil dripping from
your mother the oil bottom is a shot of
oil oh my god Oh drew paint more joining
the Restless that all that was let me
look at the brace that would give out
ten from one no this is just only a
bundle of oil a good dry challenge it's
a good honestly takes up bread remember
like homemade break you can taste them
at all shipment notice I mean my dog
ships and homemade bread it's like a
homemade chips and 'which i love chip
sandwiches two bit tasteless but that is
the five if you had a bit of like
ketchup or Mayo but that'd be good where
are you now the one you're most excited
for it literally is like someone's
chewed up chewing them get all that's
not cheese from the Big Mac no it's ice
cream
I go really to taste like ice cream yes
weird taste is okay at the texture is
like wet chewing gum boy electro num mmm
healthy lunch today
well today's episode was slightly more
disappointing the Dominos episode was
incredible this colonist was on a worse
one I was so excited for this but hey we
can't always have great tasting stuff
deep fried bike if you guys think
something else that we haven't tried
would be amazing deep fry next let's
learn to comment do video a thumbs up
enjoying it I don't use my own on one
good
bye-bye
