seconds of my body
no brain hello good morning to you
it is Monday which means everybody hates
life but I don't so if you had the bus
actually choose they were time you watch
this I don't know I'm talking about I
one year ago my youtube channel today
that's insane
Congrats well done in Bob everyone say
well done in Bob in the comments that's
actually insane though you've got over a
million subscribers in a year
that is cool though that is really cool
like a newbie you aren't you be no one
likes you on you and you still ain't
happy that you made the change into
doing
you're gonna quit there you go you heard
it here first on more marking schemes
yeah I'm happy I do because it's so cool
you guys if you think like how lucky we
are to both do something one that we
love but to the same thing so the fact
that we can we're in it together no but
like we we're so lucky that we can
travel the world and both do our jobs
like you were like traveling everywhere
and this yeah this is what you didn't
really like you didn't get you know you
didn't even get it you didn't know you
didn't really get it back in the day and
I was like yeah I'm just going here and
here and like going to America or
meeting some viewers and you were
probably just like wow he wants to me he
wants to meet you and now you're doing
that yourself that's so cool um but yeah
like I say we're just lucky that we can
do that really I guess it's pretty cool
but this morning I woke up at 7:00 and
had the craziest workout I've ever had
honestly I was with Jemaine and
I like I think when we finished the hour
I genuinely liked luck just collapsed on
the floor and was lying there like oh no
man if I didn't move he had to pull me
up but I knew just into the gym my
fellow bum do an obscure son but we are
off to Waitrose darling to get some
shopping because I'm in London for the
past four days you've been around if the
past three days and we've got zero food
so he just stopped that fruit job I'm
very hungry as I was because I rushed in
the shower tonight no mccool mean she's
like generally I'd wager as I was like
you get ready yeah oh there's a couple
of cars coming oh there you go we'll let
you go come on mate hey go in your Volvo
bye
and I was like oh yeah I'm gonna have a
bowl of cereal when I get out the shower
I was gonna have a protein shake we can
still do that when we get my fingers but
we one of the things we're shopping for
oh I bet they check I bet they're
changing Park in the bloody what does it
say where does it say what's it road
mark wait there's another one
what does it say was it's a break
vehicles maybe Moo Oh just road marking
that made what that might mean that
they're repainting or
yeah yo yo it's all faded faded yes one
of the reasons we're going shopping it's
not a huge oh my God if they knocked the
train track down
what's nice tonight oh no it's behind it
aren't they building a school there I
feel like they're building a new school
yeah like behind it it used to be a
factory or something anyway I keep
trying to say this is the longest intro
we are borrow so we're shopping for a
Margaret video oh yeah ladies and
gentlemen I have an idea for Margaret
she won't stop by asking me oh she's
she's been out for a while she she's
been traveling the world so she hasn't
been on the channel for a bit and she's
going separation and she wants to bake
something so she's giving me a shopping
list and we're going off to get that
stuff basically so yeah that is I'm
stopping now that is the entry to the
vlog I will see you see well if you got
a little one okay all your peer box
stuff is it cool stuff what's your
coolest thing you've got I just think
that also your carries Burke yep your
flare who's it from
100% natural uh-oh oh I don't know
Bom Bom Bom Bom get the bomb BOM oh no
but I got a Bom Bom what's a Bom Bom I
think it's just lip balm new battery
some bah-bah-bah-bah bah-bah-bah-bah
bah-bah-bah-bah bah-bah-bah-bah mom um
blow well folks I'm a bomb what'd you
get DIY facial so it comes with the main
like face mask in there yeah and then
all these little essential oils and you
like dip them in one you mix it together
that make you happy what are you gonna
do with that you know maybe a mess of
that well you got feathers what's this
has this the t-shirt that you designed
there's your one in a different color
yeah Neiman designed that just realize
the cameras like up there not there so I
think it's time is that Taylor Swift you
sure yeah no we are going some
dinner your feather in your hair yeah
we're gonna make some dinner and then
we're gonna go to the cinema have you
looked at cinema done
we were eating dinner and completely
forgot about the time and we were
talking about something very exciting
and we were just in the moment looked
like much probably throw up
we've just finished eating dinner
show starts in 12 minutes and now it's
awesome three minutes but good day and
there was one left I put it
oh yes the film was still Alice and it's
a personal thing to me because my man
that's what Holmes about so I'm probably
gonna come out there streaming cry and
weep in Jackie I'm gonna cry - cry -
father-in-law who finally seems
that's when you get a cookie
nice-looking doctor okay yeah
get ready
just about this
- I'm a psychic
about half 12 bear we've just had some
laptop club AC who's we have to leave in
such a rush when we came back we tidied
like the whole kitchen as we just left
it in a state and the house literally
smelled like the sea I also smelled like
the sea we walked into sin while I
thought oh my god I literally smell like
a salmon but the film was really geared
I thought it really gave off like a true
resemblance of what someone having
outside it is like my granny had out
sirens and passed away from outside miss
a few years ago so to me it was kind of
like quite close and I don't know it was
like it touched me I also had a little
cry you would cry didn't ya did you ever
cry him had a cry but yeah anyway I
don't know whose birth were Okubo
gubernatorial I meant to film it today
and there was gardening old out the back
and gardening out the front so air
bubbles in the house was just like so
yeah that was amazing but hopefully I'm
gonna wake up early tomorrow and get it
done before they get there
so yeah thumbs like video enjoyed it
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
guys I know adios
