good morning everybody actually I think
it's just got into ethnic since 12:00
it's I'm in Brighton Brian I'm not with
Jim and time are we left it like 9:00
this morning to make it back because
I've got a Mother's Day booking but the
Train took the longest thing I didn't I
was many go home and have time to like
put my bags down and change and I had no
time doing yeah so the trains would
claim because they're always delayed
that's getting the train to Brighton for
you so literally got like five bags hey
watch me mum's day if you're not tell
mother yeah that's why we're going a new
place with the sovereign
I'm very early so yeah
Oh Selena had one pair of socks and they
don't really go with what I'm wearing
they really stick up my jeans so that's
good hi it's hash hey Dad basically we
were both on the train this hashman okay
so we spent like the train journey
together of just night and
I hit on my dad sometimes all right I
need to go directly to get money some
vouchers so attached was like yeah only
because it's different direction I heart
forget kappa meet you there
turns out the place that we're at is no
any attached thought it was so she's up
just walking here which could be like in
fact okay I know early on my way oh yeah
I'm logged since lunch
brutally I've just come and then
stressed out that internet really
although something very very very
exciting happened today in like
lifetimes I'm gonna tell you now but you
you will find out soon so but I just
wanted to tell you that because I
haven't really told anyone yet and it
happened so there's nothing like you're
probably like oh my god is no me
pregnant are you getting married like
it's not like that but it's like a next
stage in life kind of thing
all right what I did actually find the
other day it was all of oh there's a big
old moth flying around man
what I did actually find LA was all of
my old guitar mic not on my own my
guitar book so I had lessons and by the
looks I had 31 lessons as you can see
there and this dates back to the 25th of
July 2010 so that was my last lesson and
I'm just gonna go through here and see
if I can find anything and see if I can
remember how to read music and play
because at the end of the day that's
what I you know I learn and I want to I
regret not continuing it because I'm
quite good at music in terms of picking
things up from a very good memory with
things that so I'm just gonna sit here
and yeah
as you can see I clearly can remember
NAT then hell it's so sad how
like you spend a year practicing and
learning and then when you don't go back
to it you just forget how to play oh I
want to learn again properly and get
back in Converse just so time-consuming
then I don't know time to catch up on a
bit of a walking dead after I've just
been playing some hay I've just been
playing zombies for the past half an
hour's like this I was like had
headphones on I was like she's gonna die
if you don't move you're gonna die yeah
we're gonna watch this righty-ho ladies
and gentlemen I am gonna go to bed well
honey come on it's a new role in the
same I am getting into bed because I
don't know what sir vlogging has felt
weird today I don't know what's thinking
about it's just felt a bit peculiar
ain't the thought of me talking to you
guys on a daily basis it's just weird
yeah anyway I'm going into bed so I hope
you guys have enjoyed this video I'm
circuits being short
it was fat it was family Day Mother's
Day so family time and stressed it
zombies time but yes and I hope you have
enjoyed it someone's brushing their
teeth but I will see you guys tomorrow
good what do you can see minute there
bye
