good morning hello there hey you hi hey
did gonna stop that cameras been acting
really weird recently do you think this
cameras got worse because you know how
comes I am I drop stuff and I've dropped
this camera about 10 times and each time
I drop it it seems to be getting worse
and worse but the sound with clicking
with turning itself off maybe I need to
invest in you want at some point what
you guys think anyway good morning I
have woken up I've just been delivered
my breakfast and it looks amazing o.o
who's that so I've got if only i was
gonna eat those or they do it smells so
good luck being given a whole little
basket of toast lovely and a little
thing on it to keep it warm lovely i'm
just gonna yeah what we got in here then
would you look at that that's why I
ordered through poached eggs 2 sausages
to Tomatoes oh I'm leaving in about half
now to go for this shoot and I'm so
unbelievably nervous I hate photo shoots
like this sounds stupid because I'm in
front of a camera every day of my life
but I can't pose like when someone's
like okay and now we're taking a picture
my face goes into like what the shit's
going on mode and I don't know what to
do and I don't even look myself I just
look like something who's confused and
constipated so that's usually the
process and it takes so long to get any
kind of picture I'm remotely happy with
so it could be alone all day but I am
very nervous and we've got a London out
there that is very gloomy hopefully I'll
turn sunny dive hole portrait of clothes
ago saying this is all of this is what I
stylist is better stylist s I'm they've
given me all these
those shoes I've got look how cool this
teachers I love this yeah there's just
so many different cool outfits and hair
makeup like insect I love it it's
amazing so like that I'm just trying on
stuff now and seeing what's going to
work and not work
this is why I've been for the past like
three hours actually worked I'll fun
already Wow and I'm now I've changed
that bit a bit I've just been in a suit
this is what this is the jacket that
shirt to share trousers and my shoes but
like just all this stuff we've got the
outfit sign up look how cool this is
this has just arrived that is we're
gonna be dancing with that later got a
bow tie I like this jumper we got this
slurp we got this we got that love this
jacket and it's really cool think about
this is stuff that's not out yet so
that's just cool venue we're going to
break for lunch hour and then I'm
starving photo shoots are hard seriously
just because you're like you're you're
constantly on my whole day like boo ya
na lunchtime
the last
that's true
so I failed I'll let you looking space
you can see there look at that little
face look at that ugly face oh well with
these guys and this one in vogue um I
failed I was editing my vlog on my
laptop and left memory card in there so
that's why i am now to use my phone for
the rest of the night so that's great
but we are with these lovely people so
mentioned earlier we're staying with
them for the next couple of days they're
so blessed to have a sign you guys are
so lucky very like I've now buying my
mom some mother's day flowers I'm not
only chasing Ric like it looks great job
lose amazing um but yeah they're so
happy with me no it's so nice today
catch up these guys we've been in for
about hour and we're in a car cuz we're
going to place called electric which is
in Notting Hill it's meant to be like a
cool sore as my arm in the way camara
cool um and we are going to diner it's a
really cool diner apparently tasking
that before I mean it oh but Todd's more
important than I'm Johnny here my my
gift message to my mum has flowers oh
well we will your mom watch my vlogs on
ocean because I'm okay on the fourth
attempt she made the perfect child and
became the perfect mother love you
forever and ever and ever our man Jim do
you serious what did you say all men
because communal prayer hey oh ma n o
take the or out amen amen yeah just a
man but a and amen yeah pretty much so
you know that something that is the plan
and we're just gonna hang out we're
gonna watch films we're gonna probably
act weird films out to know just
probably start something open
yeah you definitely poncy because the
this sucked in low light but we have
food this is business oh you can see
something like some element of food yeah
great whoo amazing off the bags no I was
what was that so your socks why the
you smiling for Oh stinky boy I'm see my
try again and again both laugh on NASA
let alone yes need anything done it's
how I was role seems like at home undo
my buttons Jim just like walking around
the house make my lad Kim bit weird yeah
and she dating progress bet no but you
need one of them door two of them oh god
he's gonna get me in the face terrible
no hi I'm so glad I've got pillow this
is it's so comfortable it's just so nice
Oh what and I see you have two bills
like none that's fair isn't there no bad
let's do it she smell a bit interesting
guys I'm gonna go to bed now tomorrow is
a lovely day of exploring with the John
yah so thumbs up video enjoyed it and
I'll see you guys tomorrow baha i don't
wanna
