hello good Morgan people were like oh my
god you said good Morgan and everyone
was like commenting all their different
languages what I should start the vlog
then I can't remember any other some
adduct rob was like two eaten something
or something like that
hey we're off to London to explore
different areas because you guys know
that we want to move to London at some
point so we made it thing to go and
explore areas noemi's what have you done
put vinegar remedy at home to do smell
it in the wind it smells rain and
tonight we're going to gnome his
cousin's school play which is back from
the school that we went to but she's
there we're gonna play Victoria
it's a little ones they didn't wanna
like a train so busy
running the trains it's really cute
though like nice alleyway it's so cool
okay knee toe just was a dead end
oh wow there's something I find very
appealing about copies they don't have a
can we get these at home we found a
really cool restaurant by the way I'll
show you our food the food has come and
we can't even fit it all on the table
properly a chicken salad some lovely
looking on it seems me actually I've
just got chicken yeah
this
penguin Jimmy's favorite animal I think
it's Jim
a natural giraffe make made a friend
this place that we're owners but such
gorgeous like mr. word for buildings
oh well I look at this wow I feel I
don't even in a little village so pretty
round here actually in London but we
could pass bin in the countryside like
look this is actual full-on forest it's
amazing it's absolutely incredible so
cool
there's massive as well that whole area
I do don't you feel like they're on like
it's kind of like right now you come but
look at the trail we're on it's no it's
really cool
very very squiz it
glorious anyway we have been wandering
around now we actually have to have back
to Brighton because of seeing your
mother your sister your cousin and her
play
we are back in Brighton where actually
race for sure up now I wonder if you
guys can see me probably not
oh you can lovely let it is focus there
we go
we are back in a place called Shoreham I
could sure usually won't have dinner my
dad I go - sure see you guys probably
hear me talk about them is the actual
town I was born and were you born in
transaction I was born in sure I'm a
place with south of hospital which is
not hostel a moment
yes flats and yeah we went to school in
Shoreham well I went on through 69 to
school I went to three different schools
and Shawn went trough our school back in
middle school and then shrunk on edge
which was like the final school up until
16 and went to college in Brighton just
a 5v5
and yeah that's where Noah's cousin goes
Arabella
she's a shrimp college and she doesn't
play she just drop her something at the
school we do plays so yeah and I'm just
saying but she does the plays in school
and we're gonna go and watch we went
what we've been once before and it's
really weird going back I was in mind
it's really weird going back to school
that we went to because we see the
teachers there and it was very nice
because a lot of people like a lot of
people in the play last year but like
viewers so at the end they gave us a
high end stuff but we're turning in here
this is the school yeah right
it braked freaked and yeah I get I don't
get I get a nervous feeling so hey you
could pave the road doesn't seem very
busy compared to it used to being like
I'm pretty sure the last time we came
here I wasn't vlogging because it was
about a year ago was I'm not so I'm like
maybe
that's our and that's it my old Matt's
room that was my old master and I used
to sitting there waiting
that's insane that wasn't so the room
that you waited if your parents were
late that's the kitchen where you still
ring on the door behind run away this is
church where we had to go to church
every Wednesday that was the history
room
this was the science room apology
bye Bella starve the shy
yeah so that was fun
ah I really wanted to you guys I think
I'm sick I really wanted to look around
properly after the end like we were
walking around we went in the school
hall which is where we used to like have
school lunch and stuff and it has
changed so much whole new floor I got
new moves everything yeah and then at
the end like literally as we left like
loads of the people who are in the play
and stuff and at the school came up and
like we got good pictures of new class
that was cool but yeah it was a really
good player so you good Arabella it was
I Roberto was so funny she had like the
finance line and made every one mole
yeah we said so just stand in the car we
were like oh my god your line was
actually an area so everyone laughed and
she was like oh my god that was a
mistake yeah she said yeah she forgot
her line so she said that instead it was
really funny everyone laughed and now
we're heading back to my family house to
just see them and see Heidi because you
haven't seen Heidi yet and she goes back
in a week so it just it
and them for a fizzle back way that was
chill with the fam was there for a
couple of hours literally just play out
and sat and chatted and what can i stuff
and now I'm back home I just want to
talk about real quick for it and this
long that's bad I want to talk about
this whole ecig vaporizer thing so we
read through a comment from a previous
vlog and loads you're like oh my god
Marcus I can't believe you're smoking oh
my god what is life like and stuff like
that obviously you guys know that I
promote and live a healthy lifestyle and
as far as I'm aware of what that thing
was was a vape thing which is different
to an e-cig apparently six have like
nicotine in and as far as I'm aware
that's a vape thing yeah yeah they're
being given away at the party but that's
beside the point loads you're like oh my
god how many of you smoking - like I was
one cleared up that I don't smoke I
don't promote smoking and I don't think
it's like a cool thing to do even though
I was like a smoke to be cool if I
remember correctly as I saying in that
vlog if there's an internal voice of
being like sarcastic and stuff no I
don't even feel like I have to make a
point I'm not sure like have an argument
right now I'm just literally just I've
read through I've been reading through
the comments like past 20 minutes and
seen loads of people like confusing
stuff so that's why I'm just talking
about now but yeah I don't promote
smoking and most of you who watch me
know that I don't promote that because
of the healthy lifestyle live and I
think I promote a healthy lifestyle and
that's ah are my shoulder my shoulder my
shut up ah shame
my shoulder just like I had a spasm in
it it's like really weird now basically
when I was snowboarding I pulled a
muscle in my shoulder and since being
back certain things have made it like
spaz and go a bit like ATM shot painting
and me on camera there for that amount
of time just did that and now I'm just
gonna have track what I saying
I think ur saying him like yay you guys
who like watch my books every day will
know that I you know I I'm passionate
about health and really healthy
lifestyle and stuff that so yeah I just
wanted to chat about that basically
before I went to bed but um yes I hope
you have enjoyed today's vlog going back
to school how cool was going back to
school how cool was going back to school
like I've already touched on that but it
was so much you just bought memories but
the room that we were watching in so
usually the plays are in the sports hall
but because this was a circus play and
the play wasn't a it wasn't like a
remake of a traditional paper they pray
to play themselves which is quite cool
it was in the drama room now the drama
room was actually mine and I'm his old
form room and I worked out in my head
ten years ago exactly like from now was
when we started when we like eleven
twelve
when we're 12 in that classroom that
drama room was our formless and exactly
10 year I was sitting there like wow
exactly 10 years ago we were coming in
here every day for register and stuff
that's so we weren't even friends then
we're in the same form and we weren't
even friends that's so strange
oh wow how times like change and stuff
but yeah it's really fun and I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog if you did you
know what to do make sure to give it a
thumbs up tomorrow I go out to London
again I tomorrow evening well often and
even and yeah I've got some very other
excite
things I'm doing tomorrow so you'll have
to wait and see you tomorrow
