good morning
morning member we are off to the gym
oh how we've missed the gym was so sad
are we sad we're cool
we sad guys that are going to the gym I
didn't go out of that routine when you
wake up sometimes you're just like oh do
I really I have to go but then you're
like actually you know what if I go I
know I'm gonna feel better about myself
on life he's big deep but it's a Sunday
it's sunny I'm happy and my little
sister is back for a week today because
she's got to have another like operation
on her finger it's got a bit wrong so
she's back for that so I think there's a
family roast over at mine later today at
some point request I just say I'm saying
I think there is I literally X on this
one hey can we have a roast to the heck
over she hasn't replied yet so wait on
that but it's sunny as I said and it's
Sunday yeah we cook we come back from a
snow land and just because there's a bit
of Sun and it's not as cold we're like
yeah it's somewhat pretty much but it
does it does feel the Bruce was down it
feels nice fur
hello
but yeah it's gonna be a good day mmm
yeah nice bowl of cereal post Jim have
had a shake
and now I've got like a combination of
three different things yes I'm excited
for this freaky whoo I'm heading back to
me family house got a roast dinner
good old roast and I'm taking this with
me because my little sister is back from
America as I mentioned earlier and she's
requested for me to bring this for to
watch what she's here for the week so
this is one of my favorite like shows
before hey we said we were gonna watch
this when we got back from LA and we
never did do see we met me number watch
that I'll probably watch it about four
times I loved it that much but yeah and
yeah that's why I'm going now oh look
Jill everyone sat down at the table
you're at Heidi tired all right - my
plate is piled up so high I'm so excited
to demolish all of that food right
basically the body shop emailed me the
other day and they're just like high
marks can we send me something I was
like yeah sure
turns out it's something for mother
isn't it lovely
you're on then open it even though it's
early we didn't I didn't notice any
Mother's Day related mother's days walk
in like a week a week today week a week
today oh oh it's a bit tissue being
Heidi are watching the football right
now it's mini I cubes
so for you mum Thank You body shop no
worries
thanks Marcus as well for Hannigan - I
played a big role in that
yeah in tissues would you think you have
to hear that yeah yes freezing it's the
kind of heart
actually no it's not
what the hell that was quite nice would
you use that for is it cool oh Heidi
like that
Oh mom that is so nice that's tough boys
oh I like that a lot
I just have this just a stroke that's
everyday that is so nice was it made of
one of these in my life but all of a
sudden looks a bit eerie but for the
weather it looks like it's gone in
something out of The Walking Dead oh it
looks really oh that's artsy yeah get my
tumbler out oh yeah all about that hmm
for the past like hour off I've just
been watching snowboard videos and
finding out about UK snowboarders like I
didn't really know there was such a
thing as freestyle snowboarders so just
being introduced to loads of people not
though it's like a few people which is
really cool like I genuinely want to get
so much more into it likes it I've
snowboarded myself for like it's in size
8 and I've always just done slope and I
can ride literally so well not so well
we're like pretty good on like slopes
and like all stuff I man of peace but
I've never got one in freestyle and
jumps and stuff so that is going to be
my mission as like the hobby I think so
yeah I'm gonna get into that but yeah we
are about to watch the rest of vehicles
salt because Wembley when I was like oh
yeah you know what yeah I just fellas
eats are so tired
ain't NIMS making some meant breakfast
in head o NIM Bob off rod clean the
kitchen look at that
I call this steep breakfast Joe is it
your own have you taste tested that
you're just gonna leave it yeah it's
amazing you leave in the fridge
overnight they're called chia seed pots
puddings
you've met weird st. pudding cuz it's a
dessert so a pot I'm gonna call them
pots and we will have those in Lahore
name we need to do this soon as well
once you meet Lauren Jenny can we do
that one day yeah one day this week good
night guys it's time to end my vlog if
you're wondering why my eyebrows are
looking red it's because I have just
gone and plucked the stray hairs around
them under here and up there just in
case you are interested also I don't
really know what to do my hair like it's
extremely long right now it doesn't
actually look very long right here but
it's very very long probably the longest
it's ever been in like fringe I don't
know what to do with that should I grow
it like push it on the sides in the
summer I had looked at a picture someone
tweeted me the other day I have really
really short hair bike literally this
was about this long and the straws was
like shaved and I'm back like this it
doesn't really do it like it but what do
you guys think I should do just thought
I'd I share opinion and then I'm gonna
go to bed so I will see you guys
tomorrow with another vlog look at my
Google marks as well oh yeah
good bye
