good morning people it is lovely almost
an hour but yeah we are on our way up
it was so my camera died from battery by
the way
I need one of these outfits in my life
we're on our way for dinner also I've
got my camera back because we got back
animation switch the battery so we want
her out for dinner it's our last night
and we just want a bit differently we've
eaten in Haute every night oh okay it's
gone Wow means gone the means gone oh my
god okay
what the hell and basically there is the
world's biggest moon up there there you
go there is don't think she really cares
about the moon she's not interesting my
way up massively interest in the moon
what the hell I've never seen a moon
that big Oh miss berry we've lost
offering berry berry sponge blenders
food because the problem is we didn't
book anywhere
so we're wandering around the streets
not really know any and the moon is no
Tom but yeah we are wandering around the
streets we haven't booked any where and
we've walked into probably I'm not
exaggerating 9 restaurants so how can we
get over 4 5 or whatever everyone has
either said nope sorry fully booked all
areas about 30 people waiting in line at
sorry resorting to place for Smokey
Joe's which should be interesting lines
dodgy lines on the screen from that
dodgy light but that is not a dodgy guy
over there guys that's the moon oh wow
it's gonna really out-of-focus hang on
they on this camera sucks it's gone
behind the building I know I'm probably
way out for a might focus yes go one big
face ok your focus wow this was
surprisingly quick for this camera
so yeah we just moved in and our weapon
we are leaving tomorrow at 6:00 a.m. oh
that's like actually leaving in terms of
the coach and we have an impact yeah and
it's about half 10 foot to 11 so we're
gonna head back and pack arou what we're
gonna do for breakfast from 4:00 a.m.
he's gonna be up of for MTA coach at
6:00 a.m. it's different like Oh true
but it's really annoying because this
moon is actually huge but it's not
coming across this huge I thought but it
is honestly probably the biggest moon
I've seen in a while it has moved that's
how the world works and then yeah we're
getting out in packs
well then many apologies for not ending
my video blog it's two days in a row now
feels like it's going back to usual days
when I was doing this every single day
but anyway I hope you did it very much
so enjoy today's vlog and I will see you
tomorrow good bye
