you're winding me up it's white in gold
that is white and gold I can see it
through this lens that it's white in
gold to sweat swear on your life name is
in the shower swear on my life I am so
confused guys this whole time I've been
looking at this it's been blue and black
like I would advise it oh my god this
wire golden what the fuck I swear like
one it's white in gold right now I swear
on my life my mind is so confused what
the fuck
okay I'm gonna refresh the page ah but
my mind is absolutely blown right out
this whole time I've always seen blue
and black
always always always always remember I
was looking at this phone and it was
blue and black literally a second ago
and I turn it to now me I'm like look
what she says is blue and black isn't it
and she goes yes I turn it back it
changed I'm now seeing white and gold
how is that possible I kept that on here
I don't know what you guys can see when
I'm looking at it through this lens on
my camera it's still white and gold but
that's my vision of it so apparently
I've been looking into the science of it
the reason why people say it's white and
gold black and blue is because you each
person sees it differently the science
of how you perceive it so I don't I
think the actual color of the rest is
blue and black but it's changed my
vision has just changed in the last five
minutes but what color is it just stare
at it just stare at it so that that
there what is that I honestly can only
see blue and it's not even like it's a
really pale blue like that is the dark
blue okay I just played this back to
know me on the screen
she's still seeing blue/white there it's
really frustrating
no but I'm confused because I saw
blue-black and it literally just her why
can't I see BAE maybe my brain behold
the phone and refresh it all
how did I've seen blue and black this
whole time and it's literally just gone
very blue and very pathetic icons the
background is very white oh my god
refresh it and see because I refreshed
it refresh the page click refresh see
the same picture yeah but just see if
seeing different colors it's exactly the
same oh how I hold it here it's white in
gold
I'm I don't understand cuz I've seen
both I don't know if people have seen
both what's wrong with my brain what did
you guys see what have you seen with the
edit it'll be fine I'm editing this when
I edit this tomorrow if I then see blue
and black when I'm editing yes look at
all that guys just need to pick up all
of this it's a massive F and two more
boxes because they didn't have enough
space and then yeah so as you guys so
I'm bloody hot I just went to the PIO
box to pick up some stuff because I'm
finally after you've got his inspiration
my inspiration just told me to do it
because I've always put off filming a
main Channel video whoever ages just
because I've already know people like
them and
stuff like that and you know I read so
many of the letters anyway but I decided
to go in and collect there and I'm gonna
fill myself right there for a video
because we're going away so I need to
film philosopher away so that's what I'm
going to be doing so you guys get a
sneak peak on that well you don't get
same things where do you get those new
people and what about we're gonna grab
some food
because the post office and that's like
I filmed a bunch of Sims videos earlier
as well so that's all good for us I'm
away and yeah I'm gonna film need to
edit more coming I do not have one for
you right people this is what I'm
opening oh look at that I've got a
lovely better chicken put some gorgeous
cauliflower
you've even got a bit of sweet potato in
there I'm gonna edit my vlog tried like
multitask at any because I've got so
much more to do I've got to I want to
film another three minecraft videos I
don't know if that's unrealistic UDP one
why did he get me didn't that's what I
asked for three things that he just gave
me so I've been filming all this
afternoon like peer box stuff and then
I've spent probably about two hours
tidying the room up I got ink everywhere
it was just a complete mess not good at
all
I hope they can video just not good
state of mess but we are now making
dinner and we're making that pizza now
one of the folks I did on this channel
here you go you can see here these are a
healthy pizza bases and I call it
healthy pizza or something and it was
before at a ball game and that's one of
the more popular videos or cooking stuff
and you guys really liked it so we tried
it again at some times and fair we have
lemon sins so we're kind of doing the
same but no miss done a twist on the
recipe oh whoops
got that one my oh oh but it could be
interesting
so mine circle base and nimza square
base
and the result is what's her name Mary
Barry it's good
here's mine so I went for some ham with
spinach tomatoes olives apartment ham so
it's like from a fresh in that pine nuts
roasted pine nuts and NIMS went for
similar but she's got rocky and
mushrooms we are basically packed and
finished I've got some skiing you end up
with so much stuff two coats all your
clothes ski boot ski thermals you don't
you have to say two sets first of you
will ski that must plus all your casual
stuff so it's just not really great for
packing and I'm very worried about being
overweight are you my case but I'm
basically gonna be wearing my ski gear
24 so what about this section what look
how cloud up it is that's is gonna go in
there here you could put some under in
there definitely I think it's good we're
so tidy I haven't told you it's weird to
be up and this is 11 now in four hours
because we are leaving at four am so
that's awesome so we got like 6 a.m.
flight or something
so call me for that I'm so tired we both
survived because we done so much today
literally no even finish you have got to
off this I would to edit this vlog and
upload it so we're running a bit till
12:00
so I'm gonna in this book here and yeah
I next book I will be skiing hopefully
or on my way there anyway so yeah we're
going to place in front I'm told us
we're going to place in France called
lift it out let it out the two out we've
been there once before we're going with
my family so yeah it's gonna be really
really fun that I'm so excited to get
back on the snowboard so yeah alright I
will see your sexy faces tomorrow
goodbye
