coffee check protein shake
check Apple check time check tiredness
1000 check we were we've got a joint
training sessions there and we both
slept terribly doing with a headache as
well involved I would cut with all I did
I every day every day
oh my god oh my dream was that's
absolutely disgusting physically trying
to Jew drool and then I took down in a
cross trainers that's right
my dream was that I was having a wee
yeah we're not that we're not tight like
as the time like money back we just both
slept so bad so yeah we were training in
like off now so her right so we are now
having about we've got a few things to
do one of them being lunch that's
personal
absolutely da Prez
the other once we do are we going to go
to an estate agent to look at the
delivery of can you rent them a delivery
well well there is a nice cafe down one
of these somewhere oh that's cool Road
yeah I've got take wait when when Jim
and I got state way from there for so
for this place is what people go there
got a little snack got some flat fall
unless you've got some olives fifth
grade we got some salad in a monk and a
lovely view of Brighton well home buying
home food place number two we've moved
on to place where you have Sun in your
eyes
reboot terribly rooms and he's got a
broad cakes
I've got ginger and something T
Beetlejuice Edel and I've got chicken
salad yeah but it just going to blow you
baby
we are male female hey what'd they do
Thai Thai massage
what sham style
and that says we offer lots of nice Thai
things
call that number if you want one hey we
should get Thai massage at school I had
a Thai massage in it today it's really
weird it's all like really hot well it's
not very authentic here is it I know I
don't doubt earth a health food shop to
get some
it's food time and we have got these
gigantic boxes from the kitty from the
Judy video of how you slider yeah I've
never had one of these before but it's
kind of like on earth what the hell so
we've got some kind of curry with just
stuff and we got the Brit Awards on over
there is it oh there is her nice glasses
so I love your glasses oh my god guys
the Brits has just finished I have been
live tweeting it so I have a bit of
explanation expert excellent explaining
to do hello hello first of all I was
supposedly meant to be going to an
after-party at the Brits that didn't
happen in the end because the like
workings out of it like sewing it out
and getting the tickets and all the
logistics of it didn't end up happening
so I just got to watch it from home
which is cool like I wasn't ever going
to the event even though it's kind of
like going to the Brits for me is one of
the coolest things that that I could
possibly do so one day I'd love to go
because you guys know how much I like
music and watching live music and stuff
like that if you follow me on Twitter
you will see that I was live tweeting
the whole entire thing that's one thing
I do kind of every year and I really
like live tweet him and yeah if he lives
with you see oh so apologies that anyway
can we talk about Madonna like I just
witness Madonna drag off this flippin
podium on the stage by a dancer that is
what happened she got choked in her
cloak from a dancer and smashed her head
on the floor and then she just got back
up she got back up and continued on
there was about 10 seconds of complete
awkwardness in the whole room and then
she just got up and was like yeah you
know what pull me up smash my head I
don't give a what I'm gonna continue and
she did so to be fair props her she's
like 56 as well so that must have hurt a
lot
hey I just wanted to share that with you
because I I can't believe I just
witnessed it we were all excited know
he's taken I know he's for Emma two of
us having dinner and watching this and I
was just taken aback now but yeah I'm
kind of like whoa about it because my
camera is making this weird noise that
listen if I stop speaking
I'm just stop speaking so you can hear
it it goes like decided to just stop
working no actually what happened was my
memory card ran out of space so I
couldn't continue the video blog and I
was only going to end it after her
anyway so apologies for that anyway I
hope you enjoyed and I will see you
wonderful beautiful people tomorrow good
bye
