what up people I do and I'm about to
head to my family house to go through my
skiing stuff because although I bought
new snowboarding stuff and I still would
like a bunch of stuff there as well so I
need to collect that because a week
today we will be on the slopes in France
like swerving it up serving up but
you've already seen my boots here so
I've got my boots here I need to go and
get like my other Salah pets I think
they're not selling pets no bone drawers
and stuff I woke up this morning knowing
be made me a lovely omelet which was
fabulous and yeah that's about it so I'm
at my family house and this is my old
bedroom which is current state what's
going on mum what you going oh there's
Pluto you can't have a flow-through
Pluto way
Pluto is my replacement for Nellie all
this a viewer gave me this it's so
cuddly and come take this always smelt a
bit funny and it had no eyes you can
always take it wasn't this Tasha's and
she didn't like it so then you gave it
to me over here I've got some trophies
that we're going through what's this
most valuable player the basketball
that's pretty cool
I've got all my gymnastics Sussex
champion all basketball basketball
basketball go-karting
that's right I have more trophies than
that is that one of them some sold on
eBay
and those load of meta was somewhere as
well there is I think one of these two
is actually
I think they're down here I've got
feeling they are here rattling hi this
is my weird of weird stuff
oh that's somewhere so I've just found
the CD case and it's got old all old
DVDs and CDs and stuff like to foster
purists and you remember I don't know if
you guys remember before you had iPods
and stuff used to burn CDs so I burn
like CDs people at school and stuff we
had a party at this girl's house called
Sarah's Sarah's party mixed R&B hip-hop
number one I would love to put this on
and see what hey do we have a CD player
in this room no we don't have a CD
player god oh my god these real mild
album is Mariah Carey cool the hunger
for more what's that
g-unit or Kelly oh god my life
is this for a hundred thousand but you
know what that's funny all right
you get that's a camera bag for a
hundred thousand that was when my main
channel she hit it a while ago you know
now for a hundred thousand you get
silver plaque so you know my big gold
one you get a small silver one so
obviously I miss the opportunity to
guess a smaller one so I got a rock
exactly your youtube rucksack it's it's
quite cool it's a camera right so you
can't register maybe you could give a
demonstration look at this picture of me
out Finn folks there's Jamie Oliver one
look how young me an outfit up to look
how choppy either three look how red my
face is Tosh is just going through I
printed all use out and had them on my
wall and wait for it to focus as we went
to 1d yeah named Louie in LA that's in
Vegas that's me taking pictures with
LeBron James
manhood yharnam me and finding the same
clothes me and knowing me at her
graduation me and Casper at something
VidCon oh it's the American flag
come we're in New York
no LA one you yeah that's a cool picture
when I recorded my rap ah the Brit crew
my first ever trophy look guys this is
from 1999 West Sussex basketball camp
Topshop Mark's Butler I can't mangly
that looks now oh it's the first-ever
trophy up we go up we go we go up in the
sky
oh that's fine I forgot what that offers
done me falling down these gets a bit
tricky with that platform to get up
bloody ow oh oh is this what secure to
walk around lofts are so weird I'm
screwed no got cobwebs no screwed me out
of it the fact that we are literally in
the top of the house there's there's the
key what I was talking about guys look
that's the look I can't really show you
remember I swung my keyboard that is my
keyboard I have what's that oh my god
that was like the absolute bomb that was
the coolest thing
if you turn that oh my god that was so
good
I spent so much time on that we just
grabbed food from food a leg man - we
can take that home stuff for everyone
but Mum and Simon
and maybe we should walk in the road so
we've just failed and thought we could
come to the gym because we looked
earlier I was gonna come have made a
movie but it's down here today it's in
the light and we were gonna code neither
we just we drove all the way to gym and
it's shot so we see not many and we've
put all our gym stuff on everything it's
only is 10:00 to 7:00 at night on a
Sunday night and the gym shop why let's
go home and do like a gym workout you
know that's not fun what should we do no
that's not in my plan oh there are hello
UCLA yeah bad day this is what I was
inside we working here - Jim know me
didn't sanity and I just cooked some
dinner nobody's doing nut roast for her
I have cooked something up her and I've
cooked myself some sweet potatoes and
chicken spinach and carrot boom we're
just sitting here talking about muscles
because reporters you've got food my
teeth I've just had someone home he's
not roasting it was amazing
like secondly I've got a bit hungry
anyway we were talking about muscles and
I'm saying if she's got muscles now
she's got proper guns so we're gonna
have a mustard off see he's got bigger
muscles okay ready
I would you like you can get you've got
your muscles have got bigger
you got pork for guns look at that you
can see it move down I'm zillion hound
that's cool all muscles are cool all
muscles are good oh my god looks like
you've got a basketball in your arm
like a bodybuilder wow I feel like I
genuinely look like a vampire and I did
that we've just watched The Walking Dead
finally started the new season again so
we've seen what happens if you guys
watching is just like I knew that was
happening though because I bloody
googled something and for the bladdy out
today they say yeah and tomorrow I am
from video and I'm doing something else
with Horan but see ya the droid who is
too graceful
