yes you can do it so well do you like
that Betty we were trying to do it last
night weren't we mr. monkey really need
to do your fly's up the nineties cousins
have been staying come in the room cuz
I've got I got my base here I got a new
computer because this this computer I
got sucked like it's broken it's slow
even though it's meant to be amazing his
Mac Pro it's gone is so bad so I'm
wiping all of that selling that and
replacing it with this one but I come in
and they've got to cover up the lights
IRA better I love how you've covered up
the lights in my room with all of my
clothes I was at know me literally boxes
over there hat when the small hats over
the microphones the light and another
t-shirt over that light there just to
cover up those lights you guys ready for
the world's long as you're seen doo doo
doo doo doo doo
shopping your seats that's pretty long
like shopping mercies are pretty long so
as you can see we've just finished our
shopping are we as I say we chose not
weekly but we've got my family around
they serve afternoon snack to their
general foods and such nice dropping its
flowers all over the bases
extra flowers dude alright guys I have
literally four MUC this whole day being
sewing up my computer so this one here
is my very old I'm at like one of my
very first IMAX like one hour chunky
ones I've had it for maybe four years or
so and when I got this Mac Pro because
the Mac Pro was never big enough for
that I couldn't ever transfer like my
music and all the proper files were so I
just kind of left that one in the corner
of this room and I always want it to
sell it but I knew I had to go through
and sort the files out so this here is
the new computer which is the Mac retina
and as you can see look at the thinness
of that so this is basically a new
version of that so you got the thinness
of that verse that like you you can see
them there that's absolutely crazy so
what I'm currently doing as you can see
here is copying all the files over so
connect the map huh don't need talking
to me I've connected them up and I've
been dragging files across all day and
sorting out first I had to drag this
stuff from this computer to that
computer and now I'm going through this
old stuff but it's almost done so oh
yeah I don't you probably don't even
care about this but it's what I've been
doing today so anyway I'm going to be
left with this computer with everything
on and I've tested it and it's amazing
like so fast I've my laptop down here as
well got that there and yeah then I'm
gonna sell this and sell this with the
Thunderbolt Display so yeah always done
and my pack family my family my pair of
my fat oh my god my family are coming
here any minute
my mum Simon and sister just hang out
not even for a bet heavy guy here we
gotta change
yeah we can do the chip I'm gonna down
I'm out with everybody hello everybody
hi everyone
hello you probably got anyone saying
we're having a school meeting in
Brighton which is like drinks drinks oh
bloody strong the food has arrived all
those burgers I don't even know what
they are I got a saying with a dead
typical NATO's trying to get all fancy
getting on the back shot I was surprised
Sam's gone in for the cheesy fries very
good thank you
Dave you didn't go for the cheesy fries
Dave even though they are extra cheesy
we've been given a shot out of a pipe
does anyone know what's actually in it
I she left the bet
for a lovely ring a socialising drink in
beverage and josh is really warm peace
the only on the dim bring your coat half
the part is that actually now only two
people who have Sam's gone home and tom
has gone to work
samms trace Hansel I don't know if
you're joking or not is that actually
true oh my god what's he gonna do so I
don't really know what we're still
fighting for SATs it's only half-past
nine ten o'clock so we're just wondering
I'm probably gonna go to another bar or
something so I think I was mid-sentence
then and then it cut out cuz my battery
has died my cameras died so awesome
things that I was saying thinking about
this love it brilliant
and the last thing I wanna say friends
look is that you guys have gone
absolutely in the same for my beanies
like the two limited-edition beanies
that I put out like I keep saying like I
had no idea how much you guys would like
them and they are going so unbelievably
quickly it's ridiculous so and by the
time you're watching this there's
probably gonna be well they can stop at
midnight on the night you're watching
this so someday they will finish at
midnight so yeah like I keep saying if
you want to get one now's your chance
because once they gone they gone um but
I really like this kind of idea of
bringing out limited-edition March like
every so often I think it's a cool thing
to do and gives you guys a chance to get
some stuff that you might not be able to
get all the time so yeah you only at
some guess I'm gonna be down there
anyway I'm gonna end this vlog here I
tonight was my cheat meal guys
that is the first cheat meal I've had in
like I don't even know two months
probably something like that and I had a
few drinks
it's my let me pip thing no not my I am
probably a little bit but I've only had
a few drinks oh yeah quite like this to
go away as well
okay I'm gonna go to bed and pretty
great nightmare but I go in there so
yeah I love you guys thumbs like video
majority and I see you tomorrow
