hello beautiful sexy people we have not
taken part in a geographical
knowledgeable test in a long time on the
channel something that actually got
really popular on this channel I want to
say last summer we did quite a few and
it's one of it was like one of the fun
things to do because more one has kind
of like a global audience predominant
the UK us and then Australia Canada and
Germany they're like the main ones but
then from there literally spreads
everywhere it's actually fascinating I
was doing it on the podcast the other
day because we've stats and stuff on the
podcast you can go in and you can see a
map and you can hover over a country and
it will tell you how many people listen
in that country you used to be able to
do the same with YouTube and I remember
just how crazy it was where people are
watching the videos from so with that in
mind we're going to take part in this
geography quiz and see how led if you
like these kinds of things smash the
thumbs up button because it lets me know
that you want more and then we can do
more in a future first question which is
France and we've got three options there
okay if this is how easy the quiz is
going to be throughout I am expecting to
get 100% because come on which is from
really who's clicking far right I don't
know what country that is but that is
not France France is middle II I just
say it feels like forever since we've
been on BuzzFeed's web site forever
which is Venezuela okay now we get in
slightly more difficult was definitely
not the far left because it's Brazil
could be one of the other two though
what did you get on this quiz like two
wrong Saragossa Anderson you're lying on
your - wrong yeah I think Venezuela is
taught as the right one
boom boom baby boom South America are
there people from South America watching
this channel watching my videos holla
shout-out to you guys which is Egypt
this is very simple I mean I also like
to be able to guess the other countries
though because I don't know Egypt on
here is middle top right of Africa isn't
in Egypt a place I've never been to I
would love to go to Egypt and visit the
pyramids of course but I feel like
remember there is this thing where
everyone because everyone it's like a
popular holiday destination and everyone
going there and then a load of random
shark attacks happened and then people
just kind of stopped going there a bit
boom or which is that Stan I think I
know there are no is that Bangladesh my
first thought was the left but now being
well I think that's Bangladesh so I
think is actually further up things me
oh come is very chilly all a distinction
though which is Finland okay was
obviously not far right it's the far
right Denmark there is a lot of people
who watch my videos in Scandinavia so
again shout out to you beautiful bunch
of people yeah okay let me think about
this I think the middle is Sweden and I
think the right is Finland I think the
left is Norway so I think just could you
know what pin them was yeah middle ones
no no I bet on ticket right you didn't
which is Peru began another South
America I feel quite bad have never been
South America once not one go to a lot
of places South America isn't one Peru
is I think far right I think it's on the
coast
it's a beautiful coastal it has nice
beaches Anning is quite big them yes Oh
which is Angola be yes and go like could
be any of those to me this is bad I do
not know so you got South Africa down on
the bottom and then and go and going on
the border as if you think it think it's
there just I mean that was a bit of a
ghetto come on which is Australia who
doesn't know Australia who does not know
Australia come on let's go be the
easiest one which is Nicaragua
I've not even heard of Nicaragua
hmm you got Mexico then yeah I mean it's
clearly the far right yeah exactly
exactly the far right boom definitely
knew the answer to that one and then the
famous if dally is Sally and lag Italy
again for me this is super easy I don't
know if it's super easy cuz I'm European
I don't know if it's super easy because
I've been to Italy I don't know if it's
super easy because we've got a year in
geography by this one hello boom you've
got 9 out of 10 right baby 9 out of 10
yes yes but I knew pretty wrong you're
not an expert but you do have some
awareness for where things are in the
world
you're not one expert come on one wrong
I'm pretty sure that makes me an expert
even the greatest explorers got lost now
and then just ask Columbus ok and there
we go that rounds up this week's
geography quiz not that we have a weekly
drug free quiz thing but yeah welcome
back to the geography style videos like
I said if you do want more let me know
give me a feedback in the comments also
let me know where you're watching in the
world seeing that it's a geography quiz
probably should have said that the
beginning on video because probably not
as many people watching the video still
now but hey never mind the other video
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you guys tomorrow with another one
alright goodbye goodbye goodbye blah
blah blah
