yeah what I'll look at that guy's place
down there on the floor um good morning
hello it's actually the afternoon at 12
o'clock I really need to talk about
something quickly and I failed at life
so you see my forehead I can't really
show you very well but my hair so
basically they okay look at my hairline
yeah you see that little chunk of my
head there so so you know I have a
widow's peak here and I had a situation
where it got cut in my hairdressers and
then it was flopping so I was like I'm
just gonna shave it and ever since I
shave it like every four days I have to
go over every is it like you can see it
I went over today starts about here and
I've had to do that right and today did
the same again as usual just like oh
yeah doing that dinner didn't think
anything of it had my shower got out the
shower and then ah hey ah went to
blow-dry my hair and I've dried my hair
and put as the fringe number host in the
mirror like oh why why is my hairline
funny like what what's that going on
there and like this and I turned around
on the floor a clump of hair literally a
confessor obviously what I done is I
shaved it and put accidentally slipped
it back and it cut like this chunk this
massive chunk out my forehead uh-huh and
now I don't know what to do it's not
it's not terrible obviously it's just my
hairline looks look at that Oh guys I've
really messed up um I don't know what to
do no he says I should let it grow out
so the whole thing but it takes like two
months to do it's going to take more
probably took more than two months and
it will leave a funny patch here so I
either have to keep my fringe down and
grow out or I go extreme and shave my
whole entire head and let it grow out
huh
and the Holmby say no I was thinking I
could maybe do that for charity so I can
make into a kind of charitable cause and
it can be fun to do but then I have a
bald head and I'm probably gonna lose my
hair when I'm older so I don't want to
bring those ages forward so what do you
guys think I should do should I let the
whole thing grow out it not
this is in my hole widow's peak bit and
let that go out - oh my god it feels so
weird or should I shave the whole thing
let me know whether in England everybody
whether in England they just loving them
whether a lovin love it oh the forehead
I don't know if it's as bad as I think
is this is just one of those songs that
make you feel good no matter wha
I really really really miss my app and
not being able to my music playlist out
so much so that maybe I should do
Spotify or something like that too
because I love curating my music stuff
but I wish I could share with you guys
because you often hear music in my blogs
you know I'm where was that song I'm
just like I want to share it with you
would you be interested in that like me
curating more playlists for you guys cuz
it's saying I like doing but from the
meeting and it went so well
also it's hard time I bumped into
certainly of you guys in town so thanks
same high probably goes it's cuz been
looking at a ring line I am just
finishing filming for a part of my video
which will be uploaded now so if you
haven't seen it I'll put a link in
description but I have released some
brand new merchandise like I've had
these for so long and the fact I can
finally release them now I'm going to
show you guys I showed them two ages ago
in a vlog I showed you the colors of
them but now they're finally here and so
I'm just going to show you this is them
it's a smile design that I came up with
I literally design these myself with the
logo and everything but it's something
that represents me like I want people to
smile and I want people to you know I
want you used to be able to make
someone's day by smiling if they see you
wearing this like someone will see that
and they'll be all that's sweet and
smile at you so I just kind of wanted to
reinforce like being happy and all that
stuff and they're available on my
website Marc's Photoshop comm only for
48 hours they're a limited edition so if
you want to get your hands on them then
now is your chance like often you will
have 24 hours by the time you're
watching this after they're gone they're
gone like I won't bring them back so if
you want one go and get it shipped
worldwide and they're twelve pounds
ninety-nine ships worldwide like
literally to America to Australia to
Hong Kong it will get there so yeah go
check out my new shop calm and let me
know what you guys think like
it's different to my normal stuff but
it's something that I've had the idea to
do for ages I went for these two colors
I love this grape this is so like out
there and like cool I don't know it's
just I like it all right how you doing
you
