whoo work it girl work it
hard ah loving life
good morning people of the Internet
how are you doing things she's dying in
that I've already had to yesterday's
vlog I don't do some writing stuff and
maybe try hunting game videos before
meeting late this off name at two
o'clock so that is what is on my
schedule today
got my little pond by my desk here so
this is my uh my oxygen I don't know
with that give any oxygen at all for me
to breathe in and will I make it grow
better by breathing carbon dioxide on it
I don't know I feel it's finally time to
open this guy's yes it's been there for
a while I think I know it is but not a
hundred percent so I'm just gonna go
ahead and open up their markets we you
deliver the audience now we're
delivering the rewards and you tube you
said the gold side of my spots from 1
million subscribers to please accept
without congratulations let's go play
button to commemorate your achievement
we know you'll continue to create
amazing fun them to bring in more fans
so we'll keep it us to reward you thanks
for being so awesome it's the second one
them yeah this is so freakin cool
this is like being a music artist I
guess like guys this is like being a
music artist and having your record go
platinum and getting your plaques so I
now have two pairs I've got that plaque
up there which is for my main channel
and I've now got a plaque for my second
channel which is because of you guys who
watch my videos it's insane to think
that I have three and a half million
people subscribed on that channel and
now I think 1.3 million or something
like that on this channel and it's just
amazing
you guys deserve this just as much as me
so I might break up into a million
different pieces and give all of you one
how about that where should I put it I
put it up there next to that one don't
know where to put it for the meantime
everybody wants cams right there's a
massive huge anaconda
so it's made about 15 minutes eh I just
forgot right guys I'm back from my
meeting which went very very well
oh all of these meetings I'm at but I'm
having right now you will I will let you
in on it very soon just right now it's
not ready for you to be let in on but
the reason so I'm going to meeting is
because obviously it's my day and I
realized sometimes it's hard if we're
like oh yeah I'm going to me and all
secretly secret that like it feels like
all the time it has to be some kind of
secret project and I don't want to make
it seem like that it's just because I'm
feeling my day and I'm going to a
meeting but if you'd rather me not talk
about these things till they're ready
then maybe I should do that but anyway I
have come home and I have to go up to
90s house to bring her food take her old
car up there and she's basing Daisy Mae
so I've got a head up there and bringing
food yeah bring food and take I've just
told you that's why my thanks again
there was some kind of story
to go this by Horan my well that's why
I'm going to have basically a fishies
come on Doreen come out and play but
NEMA wants to play hey Dori hello Nemo
Niemeyer so cool
a mystic will be good didn't era Finding
Nemo to coming out
just keep serving tsumtsum sermon that
bus Apophis issue then
I like the yellow ones are this yellow
ones pretty cool they have their like
things that cooler on the bottom and eat
things somewhere
how do pufferfish explode get pave isn't
this one a pufferfish where is that non
pufferfish no I'm like crawling around
the rocks oh I thought they had a
pufferfish hmm
guys I'm a changed man I fish two nights
in a row
what's going on tonight then sea bream
with two bits of that now he's made a
tomato sauce and some sweet potato all
right beat some back in bed now today a
pink hasn't been very full of video
stuff so apologies for that but I've
just been so tomorrow not sure what I'm
doing yet man I've got I'm going to the
gym in the morning
and I think I'm gonna meet him but all
right
thumbs up really empty with it and I
will see yep beautiful people tomorrow
