I just had time to start the vlog and
let me just wrap with it meant ocean
shout students shout what's go
through my teeth I'm well aware of that
so sorry but we're running to the
station it's our train well the train
we'd like to it's in four minutes I said
be date-time to be I'm still walking
just as fast okay maybe you should run
that from boss man alone running by um
yeah we're going here I can't get my
name is new car run run we still got
biting is your man my arms great
right so we are now London who made the
train after wagon
well then we head up a minute to breathe
and then we got the train I've been
editing on the train
grab some food meant to
we're going
hey been a nightspot model on M&S there
as well if you wanted have announced
Krista
coach stuff
on the train are you excited I'm staying
calm basically that's why we called you
I think across 13 years old 13 min north
nice to dying the throne many times I've
genuine if you saw jerk off you'd get
100 pounds for it maybe not even that I
can scrap you've probably paid you get
it
but yeah that's why we're in colchester
even the convenience of our flying
practice literally at six months and
it's just no mean sort and literally LA
and I only have one in colchester can
you guys come yeah literally so we're
now in colchester
dartford bridge look at that skylight
ladies and gentlemen and I'm quite
nervous today because I'm taking a step
forward in the fish world and making a
tuna steak oh that wasn't in focus actor
i have got myself do you wanna focus
Jamie Oliver's recipe on his website
actually um I'm crushing up a little rub
so I need to basically move this aside
lay this down here because then I rub
this over my steak and then cover it in
olive oil and whack on the path
rub complete guys don't see this tofu
look how funny it is polluting is
vibrate n that is bliss having a dog
then we just on the pad and push it down
so it goes into the grid oh and all you
want to do is for is about a minute and
a half two minutes each side boom okay I
didn't nearly set the house on fire
because of the steam but I'm so perilous
haven't tried yes I don't want life but
look at this guy's my first ever tuna
steak thanks for the recipe Jamie and
but I've got some lemon got some but I
just I'm really tough of it I made mine
rub for it I'm just I hope I like your
basic they have only our tuna say once
before and the reason I liked is because
it's not fishy I'm not very fishy itch
person I'm just trying to get into fish
and this is when I used to do it so yeah
tuna people out there what do you think
does it look good would you eat that if
I cook this view in my restaurant not
that I have a restaurant but maybe one
day look guys is 0 it 0 and Gok Wan
there's no one's away do I do it I'm
gone it's funny think I just found gold
egg in mind have you gonna get yours yes
thanks hey Liam oh they just hate gang
into a freezing cold bed Oh bad oh so
bloody cold also I flip him pimples I
hate being this host hammer Oh a pimple
here I've had to hear they're not
pimples they're all in growing hairs
like I don't tend to get SWAT through
like bad skin like what I've been lucky
I've always kind of had
okayish skin but my sports come from
pimple from ingrown hairs and I kept
getting with the tweezer pull the hair
out and the mark just says them just
like were you doing get up my face get
up in my face anyway I am gonna go to
bed now obvious obviously I'm gonna go
to bed i'm lying in the bed no mark oh
I'm gonna go to but now I just pretend
i'm at you can end the blog and then get
up and go and do some crazy wild things
have a rave yeah tomorrow I got a world
filled some gang stuff in the morning if
I can I've got minecraft come for you
guys soon our film loads of minecraft so
that's coming but I'm gonna film swap i
can and then I've got no meeting in the
afternoon in the long hair and I've been
doing some right in its writing stuff
you know all that kind of stuff hey I'm
just church champ champ your brush now
so I'm gonna go to bed and I will see
you guys tomorrow thumbs up the video if
you enjoyed it and thanks as always for
all of your love and support means the
world to me Clea by E
