hey guys I made to be failed this
morning i set my alarm for quarter past
eight and oh no at no 8 i sent one of
eight and ended up waking up at nine and
i slept through my alarm i'm putting it
down to jet lag i'm guessing and i've
got a meeting in London that I'm going
to be going to so yeah I work when I was
a bit full days like oh what's going on
so that nims has helped me out meeting
some porridge so you've saved me about
20 minutes okay guys things gonna make
my train oh that's not 11 be going drove
down to Brighton station and a trains in
about 15 minutes Sophie think you're
going to be all right although it might
be a bit tight million to London to make
it new to this Tottenham Court Road I
thought it was cute little bit more a
bit Google talking foot roads so
I never oversleep and I'm not a usually
late person to this for me is like major
stress I hate being late
to keep
made out of my five minutes late I say
made it is there hope I have enough
punch to you guys around you guys don't
actually probably seen dude what's more
they're usually really cool so hope okay
I had to walk watch yourself here's the
shoes right here is the entrance big and
orange I'm gonna be meeting someone in
reception but I can't see them Google
room of course they have google colored
chairs like where else would you do that
there's like some gleam peeps here
somewhere this is a have a little
presentation all you guys producer
constantly these guys are posting
feeding us information I've changed
things will benefit you but I thought
did not view
oh yeah I just thanks for telling me on
drop my jumping they're jumping
everything and that I guess wanted a
thing about working in Google to get
free done I don't working do everyone
supplies last yeah I did don't know if
you guys corns that I was trying to film
in a restaurant but we were showing you
something security cameras like
you work here because like I make videos
or Google like Pokemon YouTube's that
Cal wasn't having any of it and now it's
hard to go swim it's me 10
google so cool that every time you go
there you get to see amazing people here
you are made hangin out just like the
coolest
like I wanted to show you see more a
little cutter fulfillment
yeah so just finished up over there was
such a good me I can't I basically I
can't really tell you anything about it
but
I'll be routine said now I'm trying to
find out where so how's this cuz I'm
gonna go meet Jack mr. Harry's haven't
seen that boy in so long ok it's been
too long every year I just catch up em
and see what he's up to and stuff
although we have to feel that I'm pretty
sure you can't fill me that I might go
it's from the chorus actually on a
poster wall timing ok I'll time I'm
using using your google stuff flying huh
is that cars talking about also I'm
getting a better blog in public you can
see I'm just not giving up about
what he / me then maybe
the junk so good
catch up
fantini Bell food second meal of the day
back home for this lovely of lich it's
very similar me honest what I had
earlier broccoli and chicken sweet
potato love that there's no males may I
was linked to two names together then
Mouse come back here and say hello to
everyone no he's not apt there she's
catching up with mum mums about to give
me some choppy aren't you oh no no no
I'll wait is that there's our moms were
my ID I told mum to work when I came
around I didn't really you couldn't be a
model in the next photo shoot yes a good
blows the cozy look right I'm sighs
churn over there do I sign up have you
missed being in the vlogs I actually
think you've missed it being traveling
the world there you go Oh have you fed
in this was minty so chubby where is she
now if you're so vocal aren't you myth
he's just like why does she do she never
meow anymore she'd only one I give them
one bit
there you go oh my hands smell add 81
okay Joe more it's looking it up now
Simon I dare you to your cat biscuit
artists Wow real lively you are meeting
i hain't mitt he needs to be some
spinach but nice oh you boring cat so
back home and it has been this is not my
third dinner look she had three dinners
tonight do you know I had dinner with
Jack at soho house at about six o'clock
and i had dinner at home you dinner
dinner I fell on dinner I had like
chicken soup potato veg and I've come
home I've got another man of cereal but
this is special cereal because I made it
I got back and nim bob has been making
food all day she's been making her
cereal so she's her own recipe and made
this granola I'm tried yep I'm so
excited visit upon your blog posts to
that will go up tomorrow night so
tonight then tonight for you
you like it you didn't dear oh my god
thing I was actually about to go oh my
 god do you like it that's so
good oh I'm glad let me have another
taste no get your own bulb is get those
is so good ferrets the one that we know
we have yeah so good oh my god guys you
need to try it out also click like
button if you eat cereal late at night
anyway we're gonna watch and better call
Saul better call Saul cuz I'm lead on
from Breaking Bad not lead on it is like
the spinoff from reading bad at somebody
same people and it's made me really good
so far so as a couple of episodes that
so we don't watch one them now oh and it
has been this is not my third dinner
look she had three dinners tonight do
you know I had dinner with Jack at soho
house at about six o'clock and i had
been at home you dinner dinner I fell on
dinner I'd like chicken soup potato veg
and I've come home I've got another meal
of cereal but this is special cereal
because I need it I got back and nimble
has been making food all day she's been
making her cereal so she's her own
recipe and made this granola I'm tried
yep I'm so excited was it fun dude blog
posts to that will go up tomorrow night
so tonight then tonight for you don't go
and read it if you want to check out d
ugh well let me just taste it first cuz
it might be ranked have you tried it
yeah I had a whole bowl not a whole bone
it was like my dinner
do you like it you didn't do oh my god
thing I was actually about to go oh my
 god do you like it that's so
good I'm glad let me have another taste
no get your own Bowl is get those this
so good ferrets the one that we know we
have yeah click like button if you eat
cereal late at night anyway we're gonna
watch um better call Saul better call
Saul cuz I'm the lead on for Breaking
Bad not lead on it is like the spinoff
from breaking bad at some by the same
people and it's made me really good so
far so as a couple of episodes that so
we didn't watch one them now hi guys i
am heading to bed today has been such a
busy day and I'm sorry not that much as
filmed I don't know how much ended up
filming just feels like having film that
much just so I've been so busy
throughout like the day with things and
I've tried to film as much like it in
google and then they were just like man
we have found a lot so i don't know i
don't even know how much films is there
I've got this to go through tomorrow
snowboarding stuff plus I've got some
more exciting stuff I'm happening
happening i'm doing and brighton but
yeah smile and thumbs up the video
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow
