Good Morning America but Florida Orlando
and the rest of the world where you guys
watch my videos from excuse me there we
go there's a question I want to know
where in the what let me turn in a
procedure for recon where where in the
world do you guys watch my videos from
like I want to know your country so
England Australia America and then your
town or state one of those just let me
know I'm interested no way you guys
watch from a who comments and stuff
first question anyway I have gone meter
know I've got a QA right now so I didn't
cure a for the first time at VidCon and
I absolutely loved it I loved meeting
with you guys and interacting and there
was about 300 of you and you all amazing
and it was so much fun so I'm doing that
again I'm really freaking nervous like
really nervous oh yes so I don't know
what I've done so many of these things
not hearing aids but like meetups and
events that's happen every time I still
get really nervous I don't know why like
I just walk out and I'm like I don't
think so yeah I've got that right now
and then I've got meet up later today
and that's about it but the Sun is out
sure and see the view actually if it's
for you
look at this view oh look this is where
loads of people were standing yesterday
but it's not oh my goodness that is that
food that wasn't there yesterday why is
that
I want that whatever it is very high up
guys this is how high we are we presume
out very high up but sunny Florida
look at this we're on a golf cart so
obviously necessary to use segways to
move around around the back plays off
the whole hello I just asked the woman
if I could got on the Segway to the gear
now she didn't respond but apparently
there's a few people here
Wow for little people hi so I'm at my QA
and I'm gonna say hello so these guys to
say so understand I'm building these
bikes for you okay right let me let me
oh wait it's not even it's not in focus
yet hang on hang on hang on hang on
okay you ready guys three two one
world's biggest apples cheese looking at
its huge right back from QA and lunch my
QA was amazing as you saw there was
ended up being I have five or six
hundred people there which is like
amazing the fact that these guys and you
guys it's only probably watching came
like come to see me do Q&A like I was
expecting fifty hundred people and there
was like yeah nuts so thank you I hope
it was enjoyable and you enjoyed
chatting to me I had so much fun I love
doing Q&A s and then I got some lunch
oh my gosh bloody boiling so it's been
cold absolutely boiling that like so so
warm so there's some people down there
but yeah I have now got my meet up such
a bit cooler which operates like oh look
at that fancy hot-air balloon
so I'm here I was not saying I'm here in
my hangout like meet something with all
of these guys we're just doing a
question and we're gonna do pictures and
stuff
I tried so much and I got him
yes I'm so I finished my meet up we'll
hang out it's really really fun hang out
of you guys you got another one and
Alfie's meet me I was turned into a cure
now I'm gonna do some what they called
muscle ups will you pull it down you
might pull it down be able to know how
he's going out for Q&A and I just might
join him for a little bit
flag yeah you can hold that like yeah
you can actually how I get yeah you can
I think you can hold about the moon no
wait no I can't do that let me show ya
just living out my shoulder no it's good
being serious that one there's like good
position to hold
y'all just slo-mo the video so it looks
like a little a minute later I'm up
there like six minutes right oh I feel
like this has to be vlog and you can't
even see anything
got a little British dinner going on the
Brits aren't skinny Jodie's they counts
British or Irish one of them
it's alright indoors and we're just
thinking of what to do now
all right mate
so just found some wild and alligators
in the restaurant like they were right
eating right by us and we just got so
excited and we just had to leave our
table and come and say hello to them
like a really rare species and like
they're just so cool I just want to get
in there and swim with them all right
yeah random
mari I am in the sack
why is it called hitting the sack like
what's the reference where did that come
from
hitting the sack like I'm sure there is
some kind of relevance to it but sack
doesn't you need to sleep on a sack so I
don't really know where they can't worry
if you do know let me know but I beat
Jett like again half past one went to
the party and it was me it's alright but
yeah I'm gonna go there bet before I end
my vlog so weirdly so yeah enjoyed and I
will see you guys tomorrow I'm actually
flying home tomorrow
I just weird yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow I need to stop looking at you
find it - all right bye
