good morning people at the house so I'm
ready I've got taxi that's on its way to
collect me and then I'm going to show an
outfit and then to get back that night
the three bright and musketeers
um yeah Oh is if you're on in one home
he's not coming she's in Spain
Hey this is so slow
there is that's Bruno Mars choice I just
want all to see how long I can get
Casper questions you go from the three
musketeers I'll never trust you walk in
front of me go what are you doing Jeff
Jim's getting some eye cream yeah you
find an item which is Jim's like that's
my dream
Joe smells rank so anytime can you smell
and I gotta find it yeah you can you
smell it smells rank but we're looking
for a fragrance stop walking behind me
here I found the one in our shaker Rouge
I say test it he's lucky no it's this
one yeah what different one you getting
a different one this one this first one
the first one yeah as a good smell Tony
you guys could smell really good
we've smelt so many things about
headache self Jim Jim you're duelin one
oh you're gonna regret life I'm not even
a nice lumpy
just like suing out getting a chocolate
table
there is one thing
now food to come on
to get into
and Halloween to the point
I have stopped
I don't get it you like watching I'll
wrap you tunes
what did you
what them spot them squad Pam in mah
lazor squad that way Jim you just had
some losses on like two seconds ago so
as far as who's fire oh you got clipped
horns playing is you it wasn't Hotel
done we've landed in Florida in Orlando
well cash has got a new pair of
sunglasses on so it's because it's sunny
outside yeah it was a actually sick
flight I played my coffee house straight
up guys I have landed in my I drown in
my hotel room this is my hotel room in
case you want to say I've just had a
quick shower because I think we're gonna
go out and grab some food but this is
the old AR the old room Rema doom-doom
pretty fresh a got the tunes on mate
nice little sort of get ready area thing
lovely and lovely bathroom
okay so you've just met this view of
what's your name buddy it's Lord James
say saying to the viewers yeah buddy
so we are in Whole Foods doing little
bit of grocery shopping the only
companies then generally get to go out
my show
me and the guys thought we've come up
food and stuff up on necessary foods to
survive the next two days
oh right guys I've made it back it's
bloody freezing in Florida like really
really cold well in eighty shine it was
a bad idea there's like loads of people
that are waiting down by the barriers
and stuff so there's like because you
come out the hotel and there's barriers
and for security purposes whatever
they're putting people behind these
barriers and I have just been out there
hanging out with some guys and getting
pictures and all that stuff and it's
really fun I'm also gonna film it but
then I got two coats I ran inside anyway
it is half past one so I've beaten
jet-like somehow I don't know I'm not
moving that tight now yeah and then
tomorrow I've got my meet up I've got a
QA and maybe minna me film with each
brand film with before so yeah keep it
up for that but I'm gonna go thumbs up
if you enjoyed this way and I will see
you guys tomorrow
