good morning guys start my morning off
with my special raw chocolate porridge
which is amazing
I've been drinking out this huge old jar
recently and my moaning cafe bad day
that's what I've been started enough
with I'm sitting down to plan what's my
password my video that I am going to be
filming today morning chores are done
I've done washing tidying bedding
clothing and washing up dishwasher like
just general chores I don't want aeneas
I don't I do this every day but some
readings I've done it all in one go I'm
like yes chores done trim and airy now I
need to head off to town to go and get
noemi's Valentine's present and I hope
she's not watching this because I
thought we said we're even getting
presents so yeah I haven't filmed I'm
gonna film when I get back and I've got
to planning and emails and stuff like
that but yeah I'm gonna go to town I
need to get snacks - I'm going to play
looks like tomorrow I don't even told
you guys if I'm going to play his live
and but I'm going to play his live in
Florida if any of you are going I want
to meet you like I want to see your face
I want your face like in and a rap it's
a bit weird but yeah I'm going to pace
live and I'm doing a meet-up and a Q&A
but for some reason on that app thing my
meetup isn't there because it's not a
ticketed event or something it's more of
a hangout they call it so I'll put the
information if you're going in the
description box because I want to meet
you guys and if I don't get to meet all
of you I'm going to try and do some
impromptu me ups anyway so I can't get
to your little faces so yeah that is
what I'm gonna do don't
so it's been two down Tara got some
snacks for the plane slash Florida and
I've tried out this new protein called
warrior blend chocolate
I feel like this song is very necessary
for this of you
and the fact I fell in love at the ocean
you know when I went to health food shop
I ever seen that song like walking in my
own zone walking on the pavement singing
that song that's good Minutemen use your
nest to them anyway in town I gonna go
to the shop
well I lost the shop there they I saw
this thing I was like thanks
so I'm gonna do that
juice protein shake this month or this
year to vlog more in public like on
below as you guys get scared because the
people they just hear me
I'm gonna make it my mission to do and
take you on this brave challenge you
guys have got or give me prospered your
pity on you are help me on this
challenge ok language is an iron actor
which is like greens and protein and
stuff
very very nice and I got a couple others
stay with me tomorrow yeah it's
literally none from a nice worth up to
in wearing this check it now move rain
was like that Brighton when I showed you
the clip out the window it's lovely
sunny beautiful
raining anyway I'm heading down to which
is one of my fav places to have lunch
so I've got night romero's times I used
to go that lips you'd up once a week I
don't mean they're native so I'm just
gonna grab sight from here
I've had my cool
last time I donned up uh-huh
this is what I got from food dear leg
yeah I got a big ol bit of chicken
underneath there and I got some broccoli
with spinach and even a better crib Kali
flour mixed with a bit of tomatoes and
sweet corn I'm such a good singer I've
been seeing all day today I think when
you're in a good mood you just naturally
sing like what have I been saying like I
said I was walking around singing I mean
see my little heart out in my car all
right
video finito focus there we go
I finished my main Channel video all I
setup in a temperature I don't want to
vlog stuff I might do some like quirky
way to cut away bits not entirely sure
yet but it was just like complete sass
oh yeah yeah completely an utter sass
like I just went in rates up you'd say
but I've already have done two videos
now just because after just like having
fun with stuff again I'm just like I'm
just feeling inspired and want to fill
my stuff so film two videos although you
haven't even seen actually by the time
you're watching this my new main Channel
video will be up to make sure you check
out a link in the description
yep when I got all that snowboarding
stuff and I like was trying all I'm
showing you guys and then I sent pretty
much a little bit back because I didn't
really come to the conclusion of liking
it statue it was all too big or small
so I sent literally everything back
other than under layers but I've got
some new trousers here so I wrote a
couple of pairs because I'm going soon
so actually love these I think these are
so cool obviously very out-there but in
a kind of cool way if that makes sense
dun dun Dada what do you guys think do
you like them do you not like them so
this is pad number one this is pair
number two all these feel really comfy
like these feel really good um like camo
style
this whole is 360 oh my god oh my god I
think I've just pulled my groin like not
even joking why did I just do that
ow this is the other pair obviously
imagine other snowboarding stuff not
just these so yeah they're the other
pair I kind of feel like the army pair
they sort of fit better in terms of
snowboarding wise but what do you guys
think let me know
alright guys look at that
I've just been filming gaming videos for
the past hour no past two hours but I've
made a chicken sweet potatoes spinach
like and tomatoes kind of been it works
our reason this room that smells very
farty I haven't that I haven't done any
farts I've been in the other room
uploading my main channel video which
again you would have already seen by now
or they'll be linked to watch it and I
came here to get my camera and it smells
of farts but I haven't been in here it
does it haven't farted in here I promise
I haven't Hamburg and yeah that's about
it I packed I'm only taking a little
case for me so when you know for
literally two days so this is my little
case I'm going through sauna step out
camera and all that stuff and yeah if
you guys are going to play his life I
will see you then I am doing a Q&A and a
hangout they call it it's a bit annoying
because they don't put it on their
official app when you're doing a hangout
so I'm basically doing a meet-up but
because it's not being titled an
official meet-up is not on their app so
why no one's gonna come so if you are
coming I am doing meetup just make sure
you're staying on my Twitter turn on if
you will be employed ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba ba anyway I'm gonna finish
uploading my video and put it back in
and then get some Z's because I've gotta
wake up early and go to the airport so
yeah thumbs up if you enjoyed this video
thanks for all the love and support that
you guys give me and continue
to give me like just you watching my
videos it has changed my life like thank
you seriously
so yeah I'm gonna go see you tomorrow
stay happy bye
