God friend of the work that's morning
and I was handed but it is the photos 0
degrees in my car I've never seen that I
have no like this year obviously a
mighty Eric's way we're jumping here
according to item robbing wallet right
guys I am well and truly battered
battered he suspected thoughtful words
you see when you're drunk oh yeah Batman
I nearly threw up in there I'm going to
eat lousy food on him it yeah now I've
got to go home he was to finish editing
my blogs i started this morning and then
I'm going up to London something and
then yeah that's pretty much it so I'm
just gonna go home and die slowly
Oh sixth floor I'm gonna turn the
simpler so I'm in London I'm actually in
like Nintendo which is pretty cool I'm
film with some stuff here with them for
my gaming channel but I want to show you
guys something so I'm in the trouble
loading at the moment there was people
in here but I slack off gonna flock
before anyone comes then they've call
these pens nice uh oh right well it
depends for obviously just to write on
that no yeah you can write stuff on that
what's cooler though is you can write
stuff on the walls so you can literally
I've never seen this before go and draw
on the wall so that I drew a smiley face
so this is a wall like in a room and at
your wall opal is that my attempt at a
cartoon this is eyebrows and then it's
hair
that kind of does that go I feel like as
soon as I try and draw a face on him
he'll like look funny there that works
kinda right to smile looks a bit funny
but I that's pretty good I'm happy with
that so I've been filming off this
beanbag this is my filming position I've
got it hooked up so it's the filming set
up when you're recording off of
uncertain intended devices you have like
this huge thing I don't even know what
it is but yeah this is my like set up on
a beanbag and stuff which is kind of
interesting and I've been playing around
this oh wait no there's a huge sauder ah
I used to be the biggest Selda fan boy
in the world that's so cool i want to
get selfish man Zelda Zelda gimme kiss
okay o de jose I've adsorbs the ox's
there's probably people walking past
that door all the time and they just
brought something trying to kiss sauder
so cool since my lovely view in London I
am actually I feel like this is my own
office that'd be so good as phone in
here the phone actually run earlier but
I didn't ring like it didn't you didn't
have to pick up so this phone's ringing
and someone just started going hello
through there and I was going hello back
so you can get through to this remove
are actually having to cool through so
that probably means someone's listening
to me right now
these are the flowers I've got show you
that Marchione Felix box around
yesterday how sweet no idea what kind of
flowers they are but lovely also look at
the old Willie ganas growth on boys got
bubbles on him look at that excited
about that oh right dinner is served
guys I am experimenting a little bit got
a bit of fish so cooked some sea bass
with veg underneath like cauliflower
broccoli and some sweet potato wedges
I'm just trying to get into fish a bit
more because I need to experience fish
more I don't really eat it much and no
me has gone to Spain with her mum on
holiday for like five days four days
five days five days so all alive I days
alright guys I want to share something
with you quickly so a family friend of
mine who I've known for a long long time
got in touch with me because he's doing
some charity work so he is thanks 17 so
just give you guys lowdown you might
have seen me tweet about it but and it's
an aid of raising money for the martlets
hospice so the martlets hospice is based
in Brighton it's a local charity so
that's something that's kind of like
close to me and they look after people
with terminal illnesses so yeah I
thought it was a really nice idea and
something that's so amazing like I have
this platform what always happened here
I have this platform home of like
hundreds of thousands millions of people
to watch my videos and sometimes I think
it's great to use that for better causes
and I feel like this is one of those
better causes I'm going to pick a random
donation from anybody who donates to
this and I'll pearling just right down
there on top my description to spend the
day with and hang out of them so we'll
go for lunch and Brighton and then we'll
just hang out for the afternoon in
Brighton the winners going to be decided
on like the 25th of March but that
doesn't mean that's when the day is
going to happen there isn't a date set
for that
and it's going to be a weekend though so
if there's those of you at school can't
make and it's not just based in Brighton
like if you're from Manchester and you
win and then I'll pay for your train
tickets come down or your car journey or
whatever to come and hang out with me
for the day please do get involved and
help donate two scores the target is
1,000 pounds but I think we can
absolutely smash that so you can donate
online and you can donate five pounds 10
pounds I can remember you can put your
donation online it's just given to the
links there or if you're in the UK and
you don't want to do it you can donate
by texting and I think this is like a
really easy and quick way to donate so
you can do that by I'm send I'll put all
this in the descriptions up but you need
to send em r n b 98 all in capitals and
with the donation of one pound two
pounds three pounds four pounds 5 pounds
or 10 pounds to 770 so put all the
information in the down bar but please
please please please please just help me
out on this like it's a family friends
idea but he reached out to me so it's
kind of turned into like my thing with
him and I just want to help time to
watch a true detective
I've never seen this was so many people
have raved about it and told me to watch
it so I'm gonna start that well no he's
not here wolves spikes on a bum yeah I
think Casper was obsessed with this
actually he told me to watch it plus I
just loads my friends and stuff have you
guys seen it is it good don't give me
any spoilers but yeah but we're going to
bed it's like 2012 but 32 anyway I'll
get in this role kicks i know i'll
probably end up yet too tired and get to
finish it so thumbs up if you enjoyed it
tomorrow i'm filming and then i'm going
to town and do bits and bobs I'm gonna
get name is a Valentine's present and
yet some other stuff so i will see you
guys tomorrow
