well as icy winds you know when the
temperatures are like she say it's that
cold but then it's just so I see a thing
um I think Felix for Mars here are
coming around ours tonight not entirely
sure name he's been organizing maps a
bit slums tan me warms me to be warm
yeah I think they're coming around
tonight and we're gonna get some food
and just hang out of them and play games
and like watch films and stuff so yeah I
need to go into shock because I was like
oh you know me so we're gonna play games
like we don't really have any games so
need to try and find some games from
this shopping channels on that and as
well as that need to grab something from
food shop in town so they have infinity
foods in town which is like many kind of
supermarket pan lunch that's about my
plan today that's a pretty cool car it's
an old Mustang it's no American car
that's so cool
one day I really want an old American
car like that haircut it's done well
they like I said every time I've had it
cut you can't really tell the style this
kind of proper slicked so it looks
really short but it's not it's just
really proper flicked let me know what
you think of it like now I'm getting
weird looks for vlogging in public
you better to smile at this guy's always
got into that that's alright is it you
my favorite shop they have everything
from like rude stuffed signs to like buy
things like a cough or pugs eyes the
pictures sleeping the queen of sleeping
oh my god it's so funny doesn't light up
them crap myself one of these plus some
other food and snacks was mine do not go
dim for food yeah but yeah these posted
possible so good right now I have come
down to the beach some eatin no my first
trip back from town and I am known said
she's gone for a walk
what gorgeous
bloody freezing it's gorgeous look all
Cory orphaned dog poo
I have no idea where she is I spoke to
her about two minutes ago and she said
she's
why uh today's president but that's
right there
I want to see a little face your eyes
show pretty much get my Instagram out
there
was that nothing uh no big furry coat
that might do that moments from ponies
from ages NRT and strap Oh trees come on
there that's her there she goes
look at that walks copy of a pace on
there she goes there she there she goes
yeah this is our later present my name
is yours
this is regions it's like this looks
like London right now yes the sea but it
looks like London all the houses are big
and white and big pillows orange
why I want to kick it good see all the
way down line I'm fun fact moving to
this area but it was too expensive for
what we want it but it's not a nice mr.
Muir like yeah by is gorgeous
I'll show you the top part of the road
with a big old pillars lovely London
looking faces that woman people give me
the weirdest look through my camera
brightness when all those Tesco is their
first Easter eggs I've seen this year is
so keen it's so only begin Easter
chocolate is the best job though
another you have
chocolate stuff eat so chocolate is
always the best job guys this is a
little thing no going town so as I said
I couldn't find any games or stuff I did
find a grow your own Willie so um yeah I
really know you don't he's put it in a
tub of water so I'll do that in a minute
guys
it's time to grow oh really
I've got my water I'm just gonna pop him
in here we go oh no he's gonna grow the
wrong way oh no oh no
overflowing oh oh god this is all gone
tits up
Oh God let's get rid of a bit all right
let's try it again let's plays him up
that way so you can grow upwards there
we go
so apparently he won kappa he's coming
out apparently it can take two hours to
start growing and then it will take
three days to fully grow to full length
okay so we just finished what challenge
probably a film that has blown my mind
more than any other film i have ever
seen called predestination like what
even do you have to say for that men
it's like I'm lost for words
honestly it's if you guys haven't seen
it you need to see it and if you've seen
that what did you think did it blow your
mind as well yeah well you had Felix mrz
around and we watched it with them hung
out with food and just watch this film
where Felix is bird
this is bird or did we throw it away in
the rubbish
oh yeah we had those guys around and
just had like said sometimes I don't
want to get my camera out and just be
like oh yo but we literally just ate
food and watched a film and made these
so we got these Chinese food not Chinese
Japanese food and this is the what comes
on those chopsticks and it's like a
piece of paper and it comes as different
color and it has instructions on it so
this was Mark C as one so sake is it
good or Konami yeah and what's this
stuff called origami so Marzia made a
boat knowing he had a frog which bounces
hmm and mine was a rabbit that took how
long did it take to make 2 hours I can
get past step 2 and a gnome you spent
about 2 hours trying to finish it as
they yeah and then I finished that vlog
and went to bed to go to sleep because
that's what you do and you go to sleep
all look I just got an email
ok hope you enjoyed sorry Ellen and this
video blog and I'll see you tomorrow
bye
