warning this video may contain lots and
lots of food okay enjoy sup guys today
is the start of my beast mode training
more later taking it to the next level
basically and a whole load of things
food training
explain jumper
I won this one in angels you know
represent in Troy
guys lunch is served half a chicken veg
we're on the old bulk time and yeah i
did i said when i was probably tell you
more about it if you're interested I
don't really want to sit here and black
alone about my regimes and stuff but oh
you be really quick lowdown so the
fitness thing I've done that until now
is like as you guys know from my body
transformation video I lost three stone
I lost all my body fat like I had 20
something percent body fat and I lost it
all down to like 10 or something and
just changed my whole lifestyle to lead
a healthy lifestyle and I've been doing
that ever since and it's been great and
now I just want to test myself for the
next month and see what I can achieve
with my body if I push it to like
another level in terms of putting on
like math so putting on extra muscle
mass and changing my workout plan and my
food plan so I'll be eating like a bit
more food but still all good foods and
just see how it goes like that just
wanted to say in case any of you are
interested I know some of you like but I
know some of you do care so if you want
me to share more bits on it and how it's
going then I will do but if not just say
shut the F up F up Marcus I don't give a
crap yo yo I wanna
my food with you so far so I've showed
you since lunch
what if had time today is another
protein so right this morning just going
to it you through it
I had a protein shake I had half
ballroom like a hot bowl of cereal with
almond milk and then yeah at that lunch
since then I've had another protein
shake
I've had three crackers with almond
butter on and now I'm making my next
meal snack so but rye bread cooking in
there oh out of me rye bread mashed
avocado I'm gonna cook my first ever oil
day
I meant to be having 3 boiled eggs
hiding any eggs
doing what I can't believe Marcus has
never had a boiled egg Anu his I've
never had soldiers and so because it's
because I've never I think you guys know
I don't really like egg yolk like if an
egg is the yolk and an egg is gooey
dripping out honestly can't go near it
so if I have like poached eggs or
anything like that I'm always like yeah
can it be really well done oh yeah what
did you make I've made a mini banana
like I feel that this is gonna be a
vlogging of food again I say again I
haven't done one in a while but
sometimes I feel like vlogs are just
food
jido will way to the top learning how to
avoid egg allow enough room for an egg
you've been wait I want to drop it don't
drop it too hard you need to do it
really slow because
moving an integrator what if you got
marble I have been sent I think from a
good old friends send me their brand new
Nintendo 3ds XL I'm so I prayed I've got
the whole deals and then all three ds2
this their new one I got new games and
stuff
I'm so excited I wanna play our Pokemon
is that my new something my gaming
channel in there I bet you're so pleased
I'm going out with my friends tonight it
for dinner so that you can just stay in
and play this service wait don't touch
it let me put up in your face
let me put it on your face coda is it
feels like it's quite a fridge guys it
just delivered it said that his pen was
frozen
that's why to play this head it can it
was frozen what God so you might find
your Nintendo frozen that's compose
though thanks guys my first ever boiled
egg guys that's what my next snack is
gonna be whilst I'm watching my FIFA
video before I upload it and I'm picking
my nose cool next meal of the day
and like I did warn you that it's going
from food to food this vlog just because
it's the first day of it and I want to
share my experience with you so I've got
a big old bit of steak and cooked onions
and garlic and vegetables got broccoli
and kale so next meal of the day buddy
and I'm not going out my friends anyone
I was going out so friends but you know
that means you can do now new Nintendo
oh well do you want to do that get it
get it get it
definitely not
which watch broad charge yeah to top it
all off guys got my third shake Wow
I should have on my plan there's
actually four shakes but I just can't do
that yeah so yeah like that I won't talk
about food loads in others but because
it's the first time I'm trying it I
wanted to share it with you guys and
like I said if you do want me to talk
more about it and keep you posted how
it's going and um obviously let me know
it's time to watch some broad jaw
tonight
beautiful people hope you have enjoyed
today's video even if it is just me
showing and talking about food and stuff
I'm sorry but there's a new thing for me
so only to share it with you never new
thoughts and then tomorrow I'm getting a
haircut and maybe picking up some fan
mail and editing my main channel video
so yeah if you enjoyed it
thumbs up and I will see you guys
tomorrow
