oh go on Maria win it win it 1-1 oh
you're in trouble
Deary me Murray he's not really in
trouble I kind of forgot the tents was
on and I really enjoy watching him I
know what Jack morning everybody
hello what a happy Sunday to you I hope
you had because it's not something
anymore a lovely Sunday doing fun stuff
today for me is a chill day I'm just
gonna chill I'm gonna play some
PlayStation hangout really through
comments just chill noemi's woken up
slightly hungover
slightly hungover yes yes I didn't drink
because I'm true but it's not true
Colin's on the propound
xbox mute Xbox mute there you go
usually never works when I try and show
some on that I'll do it when I need to
do it yeah these are the comments and
loads you were like you know and me and
OH me messing around in the other vlogs
like having a fight loads you were like
I think being crazy is their excuse for
being drunk literally not sip of alcohol
that night we just get weird moods and
do weird stuff that honestly was zero
alcohol
nothing like crazy we were just strange
and weird you know the best days are oh
yeah I'm yeah okay you've just seen me
in my boxers in the mirror behind me
another look hey that's my bum they're
cool I guess I was bad seed you know the
best days are sitting in pyjamas doing
nothing days swap I am in my t-shirt
boxes it is a half past one and I've
just been chewing on my laptop I mean
doing I'm editing my vlog and being
uploaded that done thumbnails and stuff
so I have done something
but I have to do that every day so
I'm like yeah but in terms of this I've
just been set I wish met the 10 days
I've got some snowboarding stuff and I'm
just a bit like yeah this is cool this
is fun just chill and there it is boys
and girls boots mode bok'nor its miles
are it smells amazing but I don't
know it takes a John I'll let you
know John Bull Bob I was it was pretty
good really damn good see this how my
guitar
I have a question panting musical people
out there I mean that has no relevance
to us about today maybe the guitar so as
some of you may know I used to play
guitar like I had lessons right here and
I can play the piano like a bit not an
amazing just a little bit I want to get
a piano like my dream since I was a
little kid has always been to get a
grand piano and whether that's an actual
ground or a baby where am I in my house
when I modeled that's always been a
dream I haven't done any research but I
walked past a shop the other day and I
saw a baby grand and I was like oh my
god like I I love it like that is that
is a dream it's always been dream like
I've tweeted about before but where does
anyone have a baby ground because I
spoke to one about it and they were like
yeah it's like they're expensive and
extremely heavy too
so if you wanted to because we're in a
flat obviously it's gonna be a bit of a
mish to get it in so they were like yeah
and it's it's very heavy and sometimes
which was like yeah we had four people
to pick ours up to take it into just the
house from victory here to like four
meters so I was like ah okay maybe not
now but definitely in the future so if I
want to get into because I want to get
back into my music like as a hobby I
said this year I want to play more music
stuff with us get back into the guitar
piano or try some DJing like making
music myself taste my some of that as
well I want to do something so I don't
know if you have a grand piano if you
have anything advice with that or if you
play any musical instruments where do
you play let me know boom
first juice of the day done this is my
Kara
and ginger special envoy on vlogging in
the way this way you probably monitoring
I'm sorry it's so good
oh yeah some back home just had dinner
and we got little mouths here my mouth
oh you blend in with the chair so the
cat's basically I've had this thing I
don't know if you can see it right you
see
Merle's come on let's see it these
here's little thing
wait for it to focus mom explain what
this thing does
so basically you've got this so they can
it's like a union project they don't
yeah
right so bright it's 14-time cats or
whatever and they're doing did someone
just come around they're on the new
record the track cat to wear colors and
go out at night yeah I don't really want
to see where they get go to and then
they'll collect that and load it into
their software data form I find out
exactly where they say mum is like the
biggest capital in the world so mum will
be able to go on and spot around the
area where Merlin and Mickey have been
going and hanging out what would you do
if you find out that they've been going
someone's house every day I will be
devastating you look so sleepy you dare
your paws you poor Mouse yeah I'm going
home in a minute and my friend Nate is
coming around just to chill you know I
ever tell you my mum's a twin not misses
with you always see my mum but look at
this picture so this is like the family
picture of my mum what do you wish
I did you know what my he looks so cool
you're the one on the right aren't you
see that looks so much like you now
Linda there looks so much like you there
David has got the same hairstyle oh she
you guys know but like you look a bit
like a boy there Thanks
I was going to show you some of the old
pictures because those old pictures know
mainly of me of me look at this one this
was one of my dad's like old weddings or
something there's me and my sisters look
at my hair I think I tried to go for
some kind of comb-over and it just
failed but I still think I look pretty
cute there you know my stuff
what oh my god is it this is when I was
like a grumpy 15 year old and I went
through stage of trying to be really
really cool so this is me wait for it to
focus with my two sisters and my
sister's best friend we're on a cruise
so there's hi-de-hi jugs you know bit
bit chaffed up there and there's me just
like yeah I'm not smiling some so cool
man forgot my surfer necklace and my
highlighted hair that's amazing that
isn't it then you've got this one of us
snowboard in but my hair is quite long
they're actually not as long as it is
now but I quite like my hair that length
there maybe I should grow the sides well
I just it's so grumpy and there's this
picture this is so cringe this picture
you know have you ever been on those
holidays when you're walking along like
you're in a hotel and you're on holiday
somewhere in Europe usually and you're
walking to dinner and then you've got
that really cringe photographer who like
hops in your face and he's like stand
there stand there picture picture
picture and sometimes you're like no no
I'm all right or sometimes right yeah
yeah sure let's do it and me and my
sister got stuck in this situation and
it turns into like a full-on cringe
photo shoot I don't think he knew we're
brother and sister because this looks
like a couple shot and
we're just like 10 no not 10 I don't
even know how I don't know how I dress
now I'm their mum 12 13 I don't know if
I am Heidi looks amazing so yeah that
was one of those really cringey things
from that oh this is this is one of my
faves Heidi was the cutest baby no I -
with her missing tooth she fell over on
the foot on the pavement and it fell out
then got my cheeto smile my dimple I
have such a chubby baby my hair was so
blond yeah
why isn't it blonde anymore look how
high he looks a bit Albina well isn't my
hair blonde like that anymore so all
babies have blonde hair and then it
doesn't but how did I put on hair for
like three years and then all of a
sudden it's just gone to dark brown
what's up with that
pretty dark isn't it or is it Mouse
blonde brown it's not blonde it was prom
and I had highlights and enough family
pictures maybe I'll show you more one
day we've got so many in this out so
many cringe ones as well we aren't at
home and hey I made up all right while
my cheeks look red wet since I've shaved
my cheeks just go read like the retinas
really shows through wait why is one
cheek not road and one cheek Rudy Road
what a freak and with that anyway
um I'm gonna go to bed now guys it's
just me here tonight now he's coming
back home this is the first night I've
stayed here on my own properly like for
whatever reason it's been it's really
weird where no he's not being here I've
always had friends stay here like
coincidentally not because I'm like oh
why need friends to be here just
coincidentally have friends be here so
sounds very empty it has but yeah right
mumbling iPhones that we enjoy that and
I'm seeing you beautiful people tomorrow
bye
