good hello a lot of ideas I'm like get
morning and it's not morning very rarely
do i do that because I feel I'm pretty
good at daily vlogging in the center of
starting and the day I'm finishing it
the day all right finishing may not be
so good but that doesn't matter i'm here
now hello i'm in a weird mood because
I've just been filming um I filmed a
main channel video and I think I'm
pretty happy with that it's kind of just
like I feel after I posted that video
about if you guys saw it about a
pressure and work on herself I just feel
a lot I feel like it was like a weight
lifted off my chest and I just kind of
went with it so I literally turn the
camera on i'ma just like so I've no I
haven't edited that I'm saying that
based on how I feel now and I feel great
so that's that um and we're about to
have some lunch and then this evening we
are going to go and see a family friend
who and we haven't seen ages like he's
been a family friend of mine he's like
my stepdads his dad is my step dad's
best friend and they went to school
together I don't really know what I'm
giving you the backlog of this but I've
started so I might as well finish and
yeah so I've known since we're a little
and we're gonna go out to dinner with
him his girlfriend tonight wait I've
just made myself some lunch hey um no me
has made orange whilst I've been
settling and we have got some kineo I
made quinoa hey Mia one hit humise Haley
I'm eight Brad rotation Valerie's salary
and some Thai food plan few chicken oh
my oh my god this guy's team I don't
know if you can see you're not gonna say
any naoto Robin wow wow he's gonna be
fun to play um yeah just playing a
couple games of fifa I can't hear myself
blown up as we made out
and then we are leaving to go to our
family friends so I was about to me and
i'm here with what so that men know you
can leave or whatever after dinner
becomes a giggling squid which is a
really good thai restaurant they've
looked at Brighton job but Rick
tunbridge wells which is where we came
and got loads of our house stuff and we
moved houses we're gonna go ahead but we
just the girls 00 steam not the lens oh
but move away a bit would you look at
that would you look at that that is pad
thai it's kind of wrapped in someone
only thing typing 40 of the millet and
I've got some lovely beautiful flower I
think she fancies me
I'm joking everyone are using get thanks
all you didn't get a flower Holly got
flour and cast off beres are unlucky one
with no flower timing is right well
again I really love you to say give one
message to give your love to i did not
your friend Serge up to that is a life
lesson to learn
it thanks
I
time travel literally gave us his life
story on where he has been here I just
couldn't get my camera
the store within five great guys back
home tonight was cool it was fun hang
out in Tunbridge Wells new city it's so
weird like going out in different towns
that on that far apart like that town
very needy monitoring is like an hour
away from Brighton and it's just so
different there like everyone all the
place is closed at 12 and it was just a
different crowd like everyone's very
country out there he was interested in
but it was nice to catch up with friends
and hopefully they can come dance
Brighton soon stay with us and what what
guy Danny was Danny moon what a lad what
a leg end what a brilliant guy um Danny
I so I think this blog may be very short
so if it is I apologize for that I've
just been doing lots and bits and bobs
and filming and stuff today so yeah
hopefully tomorrow's vlog is slightly on
the longer side on that thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
