morning guys what a lovely winters sunny
days lovely I just walk past Manos de
fer that's from a song and I'm hey off
to meet him this morning it's not really
immediate like I'm meeting with my
trainer so the guy who I've done loads
of work stuff with training stuff and
then he had me of him and devised a plan
which ties in with I mean I had
yesterday so if I can tell you anything
it's that then me and I may go to London
because it started as book launch which
is very exciting I thought we've gone to
so many launches I remember the first
launch and I think the first launch ever
I went to as Tonya's lips and nails
staff or the first one I thought
remember what first version is and I
feel like every so many people having
events now that it just will blurs into
one and I thought has been so many event
so if it comes to a point and I ever
have to go to an event I'm just gonna
feel like no one's gonna go because
everyone's gone for everyone's events
and that's obviously like
come friends guys liquor and this name
is just made I'm showing you mainly
because of the color it tastes amazing
I don't wanna spin it but what can I the
color isn't when I show you things on
here sometimes I feel like it doesn't
come out that green but it's like
luminous green wonder if it will make
your wee luminous it's so good though I
tried it and I'm making an omelet oh
maybe because I've got so many eggs the
other day and I have to use the month
for the end of the month so I'm saying a
little bit different here just got loads
of veg chopped or lots more so I'm gonna
try that out and then we pretty much go
back to London I've been noticing my
video so that sort of thing happening as
well pressure is on
nemesis cookies and she's gonna try it
if you if you guys watched an envelope
the other day at five markers points oh
when we went out from a commercial on LA
and they cut the corner in front of us
that's what you're doing
whew it's really hard cuz the fork isn't
going in the top you're done pretty good
job this is how you get fresh sweet corn
sometimes it's nice to eat off the corn
if you want to you know mum can go for
it which we usually do but it goes
everywhere in your teeth and your hands
fingernails so this is we know that I've
never saw anyone do this until we were
at a restaurant
guys I got a smooth flip roll fold I've
got a smooth fold this makes me so happy
we've been trying I've been trying for
like six different omelets I've done is
cuz I used one si
you only need one that's only egg isn't
that just a bigger song but one less
lonely girl
like a party I'm gonna have one last
lovely egg in my omelet today I'm
absolutely obsessed of this song I just
think it's for like a pop some you know
a lot of pop songs kind of do you like
yeah this I absolutely love I think it's
amazing
although I really don't want to happen
what I haven't been happy you know how
happy just got played everywhere
literally everywhere and made me hate it
but you know when a song is overplayed I
mean she hate it
yeah anyway we are in London because
we're staying the night because like
said earlier we are going to Tonya's
book launch
so Miami booked this like apartment
thing because in London you can like
rent apartments for days for a day
instead of hotels then come on have
cheaper plus you have like a whole
apartment rather than just yeah I would
I'll show you around in a minute but I'm
topless and exchange and knowing me is
standing there doing her hair so she's
not ready yet either so I will show you
in a minute
it's from half sticks to half a and we
are here at quarter to seven so I am
greatly fun so it all
normally there we normally either mix
the speech or walk in just as screw
shots which is weird because we're not
making very yeah
very fancy Tanya burr I have not got a
clue how they going no look at Nami gang
packed she's so famous my friends family
of course Jim and also industry
immensely supported me and check this
out just been handed to still poster of
us we did this shoot a while ago I look
like Superman I'm about to take off
we're sort of our skies on a poster
check that out miss bow tanya bar I'm
actually really excited for a book I
just want to read it I'll show you guys
when I get home I miss it but wait I
don't know if I'm allowed to show you
that's power
boy show pretty the fights aids are
incredible oh this show quit
ah it's like she's going snowboarding
we have come out some Mexican food
can we Joe alright guys so Joe Souki so
I'd let you know that we're in Oaxaca I
don't if month story mentioned it can I
turn the screen so I can see myself I'm
a very experienced blogger I know you do
tsundere where anywhere where my hacker
and we're just having fun really
Ricardo
let's cut it enough why is laughing at
me
say they say guys your view is from
Mexico that's like classic that's like
vintage Casper look that is look I think
you start with videos offer ah hello my
name is Caspar Lee and today I'm gonna
teach you how to sing like one direction
I never liked video let's give me their
customer so I'm just drinking am a he
time got eaten
I want the camera now hi guys I've been
a long time since we've hung out oh
I don't like it the angles aren't good
are you in pain orcas thumbs up if you
want to see noctus versus selfie
okay Marcus let's do the the salty
challenge sucks
it's called suck salty challenge now it
is a lot of saliva in there that there's
no good asking Casper he knows nothing
would you do first together holding your
hand oh yeah I don't know never I never
did so and I was trying to miss that one
word erotic is a shot again
but you you are bloody harsh your art
that's what you are is actually her
you're right you're right Tamina asked
the waitress for assistance yeah right
you let your spacer you especially the
study so a challenge was to lick the
rest of the soul lick your hand then
little cheeky nose pick us over
it's like documenting a day in their
life Oh cheeky little nose Raptor sir
so yeah but you go yet as mayor I'll see
my money or from art sorry these are
down it's all over my legend would I
have just spent the loss of half an hour
flicking through towns Burke and I love
it it's so cool and I'm proud of Tom
there's some really lovely pictures as
well
she looks so amazing in all these
pictures how cool is that and on that
note I'm gonna go to bed and we're gonna
watch broadchurch I hope you enjoyed
this week's video this week's video
today's video and I hope you liked Joe
and Rand and Casper's around and parts
in the video and that thumbs up of
course as usual and lo see you guys to
NASA hi May bye
