all right so I'm now being referred to
Jim so operate in Seattle I told you
then I filmed the main Channel video
it's something I've been wanting to do
for a while now it's like it's really
like it's quite deep and I just like
chat to you because I've been here don't
like lots of emotions recently so I just
kind of want to like open up about that
so you'll see that coming and why is it
whenever I go to flip them film there
was a gardener coming to do like
driveways around the area and stuff
literally with the start filming three
minutes in the video they were out there
leaf blower there's just like I was like
London's gonna do luckily they just
finished I'd like 10 minutes to film the
rest of it and I was like so I've no
idea how is you good morning beautiful
people of the internet I fell in love
for you guys so today well this morning
we've already had breakfast over there
and I am heading off to Jim gymnasium
and then after that I am going to London
for a meeting and my if I've got time
because I think I might be seeing my
little sister my little sister if you
remember she obviously lives in America
she plays football out there
she had a finger operation I think I
told you what happened but she has got
always had like this bent finger at the
end so she had an operation and had
Tabak and I've had snap it's a bit gross
she had it like snapped had to be shaved
back had a pin put in it was horrible
stuff which is why she had like a
bandage on and then she went back out to
America with it and she had to come back
to have what the pin
taken out and my
a whole lot of beer and she's come back
for like four or five days so I'm gonna
hopefully see her tonight and then
hopefully if I got something to do a
live show if not it will be some one
point in this week guys biggest fair
that my life right now
I left my phone at home go to the
station it's too late to run back home I
had to follow us home
luckily I stole my laptop and signals
words this means that
this viewer from Australia two girls not
to be another Hale picture I was like
yeah of course
I don't suppose by any chance are you
say that
I was like a minute but now
pretreat something somewhere more
extreme
just a bit lost this is great you don't
realize how much you need a fight when
you don't have it so Lucy thought this
would be great to vlog Lucy still thinks
these are great to vlog I mean maybe
what you guys think great great Marvel
feature it's lovely
so meetings finished they were really
really good amazing very very saying
about how I feel that my phone
you honestly don't appreciate a phone
until you don't have one and you have no
access to it I just feel like every it's
almost in every conversation when you're
like oh wait I'll write to my phone oh
wait no I didn't oh let me show this
picture on Odin
oh wait I just needed such a cool home
cool cool no meteor oh wait my
sister's crying for the 92008 knock on
but your constant and being lost like I
had to go back to ten years ago when
you're going to meet a friend for the
cinema and you're running late you're
you have a crash in the bus or a bus
breaks down on your trains delayed what
do you do you must have so many moments
when you're left alone just wondering
where your friend is are like hey what's
going on this person didn't turn up it
took me back to appreciate how to live
without phone anyway now I need to head
back home
my sister might corrupt in a hike home
oh my god Lily drowned I you know
what I finally did I told them about
your finger because she's back in
England blah blah and I realized every
time I've shown him and talk about your
finger I've never told them why I loathe
people commented on the main channel
video that I've why's what's him to hide
his hand what's wrong with her so it's
Ben's you had a bit of like a strange
finger thing and she's had the pin out
now so it's like back onto this is it so
very nice hole in the end and now we're
just watching some of this with Jack why
none of us have ever seen it before he's
really funny and they've got my under on
he's also very funny I think is it new I
don't know ready for this I pulled my
hat off earlier strange does my hair
look it's so sexy full-on scoot back do
you like my hair like this name yes I'm
gonna have these men they kind of suit
you the glove says no me really likes
the glasses they really sue you if they
were like a little bit smaller I could
get matching glasses is that ridiculous
it's maybe a little bit sad what does
that say had a story to tell you guys
not forgotten oh that was it since
coming back from LA the cold has ruined
me like drum when we lived in Bristol
and we thought it was because of the
heating in our house and my skin would
go yeah funny on the novel ass yeah so
basically today when I was in London I
didn't have like usually I take my lip
stuff it makes my lips get really funny
in the cold and my knuckles I looked at
my knuckles and then they
really saw and they were like if I bent
my hand like that they were cracking and
they all my knuckle start bleeding you
can't really see nowt I've put about ten
layers of cream on they've got little
scabs on them can you feel them and my
arms in the meeting I saw all my arms
for like itchy and I looked and they
were all like flaky and just because you
don't know it's cause I have sensitive
skin and I need to keep hydrated with
moisturizer and stuff like that like I
drink enough water but I don't mousse
tries enough and my lips as well what I
think this cuz my lips are so sore I
don't like Margaret what the hell I just
wanted to share it with you really I
don't know why you probably do not give
all what about that anyway we are gonna
watch a broad abroad broadchurch number
one no season two epic season DOS
episode or not yeah so I'm gonna end
this book here hope you guys enjoyed it
sorry if it's a bit all over the place I
had a bit of a stressful day leaving my
phone here but and then it was an
all-day meeting so yeah if you enjoyed
it of course give it thumbs up subscribe
if you're new and oh actually sorry one
more thing just where I want to go most
not miss you because I don't know if you
drop out throughout the blog whatever
but I first thing I asked in yesterday's
vlog was how you guys do it like not
just how are you I was like tell me how
you're feeling right now I could tell me
your current emotion and I've been
reading through the comments and it
makes me really sad to see that so many
of you are going through like a
stressful time or that you're sad or
that schools hard or you're not going on
with your friends or your parents like
there's so many comments like some of
you are happy and like hoff you're happy
too Dona Mirana it's great but reading
how many of you are sad and going
through tough times I was like mold
that's not cool at all and I feel like
it's my duty to maybe try and bring
something back to you and like make you
smile or like take you away from
whatever you're going through so there's
some future things I've got planning
that may help with that but I just
wanted to say hope you have a better day
and things will get better
so don't worry about it too much but yes
on that note I am gonna go so hope you
enjoyed it and it will get better bye
