good morning guys what a start to the
day is today
first of all I struggled to get off bed
because a jet lag like seriously
struggled but yeah we woke up so my
phone alarm went off at 9:00 usually you
guys know usually we get up early like
we use the early birds but jet lag guys
like we're gonna need to like little
sleep and yeah alarm went off at 9:00
literally I think I hit the phone and
was like are all up and then the alarm
like the fire alarm goes off every
Friday and off flat for like five
seconds that went off and we've never
been in the bedroom and that's been off
before scared the shit out of us and we
ended up waking up at like 10:00 but now
I've made a raw chocolate porridge wait
for it focus doesn't look that gif
through this camera actually but I
haven't tasted yet but is it amazing
nose in this raw chocolate hashtag or
you probably if I Instagram this you'd
have seen it right now when you don't
have blinds find an alternative method
that's literally what we did for blinds
Oh pillows falling down whoops
and yeah we're going to the gym then
we're going to have food shopping as
we've got foods yet and today's it's
gonna be there like little bits and bobs
here my into that routine and some stuff
out and also I received a big big old
thing I think that might be gold plaque
for Nemo my second Channel
I think so we'll find that one me about
a bit more about
thank you oh that's fucked you can't
really see who is older then on a
magazine who's that bit of a random old
lump chair guys got some veg some baked
beans and these baked beans are a really
good brand and some chicken like really
random but I don't know you're just kind
of using some bits and bobs that we've
got got this song as well such a good
song it is by somebody could Declan
Donovan fallen so young
and I found it from Steve Brooker's
video so thanks Steve French fries meet
him I love finding new music acts as you
guys know so this is lovely
carwash done now I'm in town to pick up
my brand-new glasses and new contact
lenses hope you like my glasses only
tried one wonders for research right one
more month I'll treat that's on AOL
email these are the new glasses whereas
it focused yeah I think it would you
think of the new frames I forgot I'm
really happy with them
I really like them
looks still weird because I haven't got
beard but I'm dead happy of them would
you guys think giving them rating out of
Jonah be in the video
hey I feel my life on this yeah on
YouTube
where are you guys from oh cool were you
doing in Brighton drinking coffee is
that what you came here just to drink
coffee roller coaster on the pier holy
no no made in Chelsea maybe chosen made
in Brighton you guys can see us on
YouTube though if your name Marcus
Butler yoga tomorrow night tomorrow
night I post I post every day on the
same and it goes out to 1.3 million
people whether yeah you can see that say
bye okay so back home with the new guys
oh wow that light is very harsh and this
afternoon I'm doing a juicing afternoon
so that's where I'm gonna create loads
more juices on my juicer and then storm
in fridge because it is quite a long
thing to do with the whole washing of it
that's creating it's fine it's just for
washing so if you can do like as much of
it as you can in one day then you can
just save them in the fridge so this is
the first one I've made so far I'm not
going to tell you what's in it but I am
gonna try it yeah is this gonna taste
good feeling isn't it
nice killer oh my god that is so good
doing a lover that's good isn't it which
I make another one I'll keep this one a
taste
yeah thing that's a bit more on yours
they're good does that what does that
get of ten give it a rating out of 10
yeah two hours later juicing session
over oh man I my that is a lot but it's
been successful and great and I know I'm
gonna love it over the next few days now
I think it's time to play some GTA
dyndns we have got a stir fry thing
roasted Brussels sprouts looks so good
and I've got some sea bass Richard just
cooked his first not ever cooked fish
guys so I'm a bit nervous about that and
then we've got a little mushroom on top
of those looks really funny about that
yo I just found that bad thought I'd tie
my hair up well if they'd never be long
enough to do top knot my hair is really
long at the moment I don't know if I
should grow up I kind of want to grow it
oh wow the TV's moving cuz I'm doing the
Hat then no Xbox go to TV don't do that
me I mean you don't mention them how did
you not notice that it's so tool you
came in and smiled at me as well do you
like it
oh how arty it's like a silhouette right
I'm gonna go to bed guys thumbs up this
video if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
