morning everybody it's our final day
today it was not find a reason we leave
today you cold it's got a lot colder day
you're just bouncing around so we are
you trying to another little workout
thing before we go we've been so bad
with like actually working out since
we're being LA so we're going to try and
design s then we're going to go for
breakfast drop the car off and then go
to the airport well oh cool cool hat
hair good workout considering what we
can just do like with no gym and stuff
is actually amazing the results you can
get like I'm really sweating and out of
breath that's from doing what hops up
the stairs like stuff on those maybe I
should show you something guys sometime
would you be interested to know what
what has stuff I do I don't know anyway
we now need to go and drop the car off
and then we're gonna grab some food and
then pack we dropped the car off and we
are now wandering down to google's use
one of our favorite places to go for
breakfast just because they've got
literally like anything you could want
so they've got things if you want like
normal pancakes they've got pancakes if
you wanna buy healthy panget we've got
health tankers if you want eggs or egg
baking layup bacon you won't see really
what's it they got tofu nigga literally
everything it's all delicious and
everyone that we go there with always
loves it but it's just us to today just
us getting crappy on our own is the
really funny pointy tall trees each I
hey we've walked down through before
yeah when we came with like Zoe Alfie
and that we've all done oh yeah when you
know people like Mark yeah we went
really fast that was rude down here oh
it sounds a bit fishy I got so excited
to you my food I completely forgot to
vlog here um there's so good these are
almond pancakes and I mean I've had this
before it's so good I just taste it it's
like they're one energy cereal
this makes me very happy food right now
so we I showed Naomi what a mosh pit was
yesterday you didn't like people just do
this the front of the stage and I was
like no no mosh pit is like whoa so
we've just been having some fake cheese
on sunset I say we are packed nine you
got so into it she knocked her suitcase
over excuse me we have packed wait for
college go to the airport Oh hanging I'm
talented singer this has been my
granddad chef the week this has been
where I've curated all my fabulous ideas
you look like you're on a photoshoot now
but I've been sat so I've edited and
it's been the granddad but chair you
feeling Brandon I've been grounded this
holiday not holiday works all day
funny fluffy green thing guys
you
