hello good morning welcome to 2015
although you've already had a day in
2015 but you know how random is this
naomi has a sink in her bedroom have I
shown it before I've also got flashing
red battery so that my god but she has a
bed I think and I bet I think that's
really old-fashioned I think in the
olden days this house is really old
that's what people used to have yeah in
my first house I had one in my bedroom
Hellenized love a kid and we lived in
like a town house that was weird
actually
I'm playing Fifa guys I just have to
show you this goal I just scored oh what
a beauty or maybe you've done em Bob
first day of 2015
bacon that smells amazing I'm gonna have
a little Bowl now because I'm going up
to Dave's to going watch the football
then I think we're going for dinner or
something not really sure what the plans
are smells so young you have ice cream
in there when I say no but it's so nice
hey how are we gonna heat this up later
if I want a bowl and we don't have
microwave you just can't have any no
that's not fair
guys this is so good I've gone for the
technique or put the ice cream in mush
it all together because that's what I
like to do I haven't put any ice appear
in mind cuz I don't like chocolate ice
cream would go nicely with that yeah but
I've got to go so it called it down
quickly like yeah it's good isn't it
yummy yeah I know you probably can't
hear me
but we okay some dinner at crafty chicks
aka my new favorite restaurant Amy as
watching the world's oldest film ever
it's pretty much the world's oldest film
ever made
look how it is it's not even widescreen
it was embarrassing that they didn't
have Wi-Fi in back in those days the TV
the black parts of it it doesn't cover
the whole screen no that's not it
because you're watching an old film it's
not capable of my friends guys look at
this picture of me now I just found it
is so old
oh my god so minute clubber in a taxi
look yes from that one to that one I
guess with some shots - then that one oh
my god so cruelly look at my face like
my actual face is huge cool time I'll
fit my face okay how pretty she is
Audrey Hepburn
it's very London you're my fave that was
the aftermath of the salt and ice
challenge 5 no 10 Marcus points if you
remember me doing that how stupid was
that look okay you ready for a shot guys
this is what I looked like think nearly
three years ago be three years in
February when I hit 20,000 subscribers
January don't know yeah and I wax my
chest this is the option of a kind of
other weight on film at first and film
your reaction there I am
look at me oh my god I look so different
okay now you can nicknames
how different because it was so cold
Alfie took that picture I think that was
my hair color at one time in my life I
dyed my hair that color for 5000
subscribers ha just why why did I do
that and the funny thing about that was
I thought it was not semi-permanent
what's it called watch him watch out
because the woman in the shop told me
turns out it was semi-permanent which
lasts for what like six weeks doesn't it
so I pink / purple hair for six weeks
oh yeah Audrey Hepburn in your old room
right I am going to bed I got got no me
up in the end she's crumping him both
cuz she's tired apologies for this book
being short I think it's being very very
short sometimes I think because
obviously I've been daily vlogging I
think for six months now solid every
single day and sometimes I think well I
have a day where I don't really do much
I think should I be putting content out
every day and I think most you guys want
me to do that but sometimes like more
maybe I shouldn't blog every single day
not because it's not like I don't find
it hard it's nothing to do that it's
just purely cuz I'm like are you gonna
be interested in what I'm doing if I
haven't got anything planned
specifically I don't know what do you
guys think let me know but I'm gonna
it's bed so I will see you guys tomorrow
thumbs live video enjoy
