what up everybody the TV's what I'm
gonna get this for Christmas fees it's a
bee colony oh man come honey with
thousands of bees oh I've got you the
Christmas look on the night of christmas
my time / time to open the calendar is
it the 11th today haha it's only a week
to my birthday Oh have you got me
something no do you know what you're
getting me yeah no I have really have
you you got me something oh good thing
it's another mini truck that bad I it's
another mini ginger did I have this one
last time the other one was plane was
yeah every single one is different you
haven't had two of the same yeah me love
you euros have been better than mine so
far well I'm saying yours have been
better I was indifferent you've got me a
better one yeah I know the camera was
the best 1i a that there's some
chocolate left on the tape do I have a
special one like the camera yeah for
this one yeah I cuz I'm opening the 24th
I know you are have you already filled
it with a normal that's not a bad show
oh it will be special it's gotta be
better than the camera very special
cameras a it would be very special okay
today's exciting I am filming a music
video essentially remember I did that
thing with Lumiya on my main channel
where I may skew film a music video for
clean bandit with the phone and if I
gets chosen as a winner against six love
you / around the world then I get to
help him shoot part of their new music
video which is Keiko
pray for you it was on the prank video
and I'm going out filming today my idea
is I'm going to tell you later because I
need your guys's help so make sure you
stick around till later till I tell you
how I want you to be involved have you
shown them their Christmas card no we've
got our one and only Christmas car we
don't have any friends three popular no
one likes us Daisy Mae in a big huge
teddy bear become asset-backed teddy
bear is so big old bear so I'm now down
in Brighton I mean logging in here
because it says it's outside your we're
not gonna hear me cuz the win it is a
lovely glorious sunny day freezing with
you look see these on its gonna film by
this dough's help huge film I just found
it like really goes without style and
stuff there's like loads of cool stuff
in there I'm definitely gonna have to
come out here at nims so cool so we've
just had some lunch and visits so windy
outside because we're on the beach so
long my ears just like you know when
it's really windy new here just kill we
were just like to go inside on it we can
hear anything and headache with
why don't you think we all feel ya but
now gonna go back now and go to the pier
which I'm else more stuff alright the
next called the video we have come into
the are made on their 17 war
to film some bits and machines and stuff
I've never actually
these changes
do you remember these kids are welcome
to change if you can hear me very
adverse quite remember these
Oh
and it goes
you ready I'm shocked this one's eyes oh
here we go here we got here yet I'm
going God you want go on pull off here
we go oh come on these things are just
money ways through they steal your money
oh yeah look guys we want to back out
this satisfied I'm about to play some
basketball for the music video clip but
i thought i'd build something
okay guys my score was 30 something the
highest score is 62 I reckon I can be
that song
alright guys me and Khloe are going on
Twista you guys have seen me on this
right before pretty fun
Oh
he's yet
you prepared quality your life will be
like this on your life back and yeah
this is all for the music video if you
guys can find out that very soon so I've
cooked someone this oh yeah I'm so dizzy
and feel I haven't got a leg now did you
like to do I thought I couldn't feel
more this decision my pocket I can get
out my pocket oh yeah yeah just knows
you like smash into me start those who
feel the music video right probably
can't hear me so I'm speaking extremely
loudly but i'll gladly on the fright
night I don't even know if it's called
the bright and I pretty much every day
but never been on that so now we're
going besides we go your eyes we go now
another palace pier now notice brighton
pier right next to us which opened in
1899 56 before anyone said I saw
performances by 73 film carry on girls
looking to this is the top of brighton
and hove guys or the not top really
going down so hilly brighton out here's
the sea down there's the marina given
you a little tour it's kind of cool chef
but but well what chevy boy i have just
made a yummy yum yum delicious i'm tried
yet it looks delicious it's from
deliciously ella but it is like a
roasted squash pine nut broccoli quinoa
thing and it looks and smells and tastes
delicious so i cannot wait to have
someone that okay so i can now tell you
guys about this music thing that i
mentioned that being in the video so if
you remember i'm working with bc i have
to impress clean bandit so I have to
make a video for them and impress them
making a one minute music video to their
song rather be and if they choose my
videos they favor it then I get to help
them film their new music video pretty
cool thing um so anyway you guys will
see this music video very soon so I
started filming it today and I think
you'll probably see it sometime next
week but I want to involve you guys as
much as i can so my idea basically is
that the song resembles like I'm not
gonna go into that now basically but the
somewhat resembles you know there's no
place I'd rather be you being in your
happy place so what I would love all of
you guys to do not all of you just some
of your watching if you can is film a
five-second clip 10 second clip a 15
second clip a short form video clip of
yourself in your happy place now what I
think would be really cause if you live
in a city or a town that has famous
landmark so if you're from Paris and the
Eiffel Tower if you live in New York the
Empire State bill doesn't necessarily
have to be that just something very cool
and unique in your town that might be
your happy place and if you film
yourself in front
can be on anything you want if you film
yourself in front of this smiling or
enjoying like dancing it's like doing
something that you enjoy reading a book
whatever just interact with the camera I
want to use as many of you as i can in
this music video project because it
would tie in nicely with the story as
you'll see what I'm trying to achieve
and I want to involve you guys and it
links to the song and yeah I just think
it'd be a nice message to put across
like showing people all around the world
literally if you guys are watching this
from South America from South Africa
from Australia like I want to receive a
video clip from you in your happy place
um so I I hope that does make sense and
the place to send it to I've just
created an email account it is Marcus
secret music at gmail com I'll put a
link down there so you can see it but
please do get involved with this and
because I think it's gonna be cool and I
want to involve as many of you as I can
so yeah send your click there and you
will hopefully see the finished project
finished result next week on this
channel so yeah that's that I just sorry
to leave it right to this last minute I
forgot to mention earlier and then I had
to create an account and then do this so
yeah that's that um but yes I am going
to go to bed now I hope you enjoyed this
video against or if it's a bit short
because I was so busy filming the music
video I don't know how much footage I've
actually filmed yet and also I have
another question for you so many people
have been commenting on my recent video
saying you need a new camera because the
sound is bad on this is doesn't focus
probably the only time it folks as well
is when I'm sat down still at home with
a decent light that's the only time it
works well I think I should go back to
like a bit more of a proper vlogging
camera that's not as technical as this
camera but works better in everyday
situations so leave me your thoughts on
that as well but I'm sorry for rambling
on I'm gonna end this video here
in the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it get involved with this project if you
want to of course you don't have to and
yeah I love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow goodbye
