good morning refresh to you fell it's
hot 10:00 in the morning we just landed
from Miami
I don't think ended just this vlog so
apologies about my man you're waiting
bags
yeah we've I feel pretty good had thrown
off our sleep you didn't see that good
so now we're just met for the bags those
that are waiting bags are we waiting
bags
I don't know I've been up so early
before or so quick look so I understand
they've got him on back there ice
freezing in England as well when we
landed his yeah welcome to a rainy
England 5 degrees we've just come from
Florida where it's been 28 degrees so it
could be a little bit of a shock I think
home sweet home oh if his good do you
have letters for me go lie all over the
sofa
whilst we're away mum and Simon came to
the flat and they are paid Simon because
Simon is really good at DIY stuff so
instead of paying somebody who would
have charged a lot more they came and
very kindly did all of the like little
bits and bobs that we needed doing so
look we've got this chandelier which is
kinda nice we kind of want this rustic
look in here so that chandeliers finally
been put out but I think we didn't buy
that given that from mom and Simon when
we moved out says that look what I
finally got up on the wall after having
it for like a year
how cool is that my YouTube plaque so
when I'm working I can always look up
and be inspired by that and all of you
guys that subscribe to my channel I
should actually have another one for
this vlogging channel which is kind of
nuts to think and you're probably one of
those thin have three plaques so cause
somebody's like record thing you know
and your record when your thing goes
platinum than that
I'm another chandelier in here rubbish
when you do with the light and when you
can't really see it it does that really
nice guys and then they put this on the
back of the door which is a little thing
and finally this that there was a
massive mirror on there so it kind of
took out all of the space there that
mirror is finally up here so this is the
bathroom mirror that we've had Brady's
we just didn't put it up
- drove that in which looks really nice
I'm really happy with that
here's our little art we put this one up
from Santorini that we got with when we
were in Rizzo alpha Tanner and Jim it's
like ooh handmade and it's a little
clock but it's also you know I put back
trailer what else is there cares this
stuff let me show you this on the back
of our bathroom door okay
king and queen to hang me the dressing
gowns or towels on that's pretty cool
we've got that oh and also he's taking
this so one of those slightly annoying
things when we got this flat is all the
doors have chains in them so if they're
not propped open they'll sort of slam
shucks it's a fire hazard back in the
days when they built these houses so now
the chain isn't off so it doesn't squeak
where does so squeak but you just push
it open there kind of makes me happy and
then in this room did so much this room
they fight we finally got the mirror on
the wall guys instead of Len up against
the radiator that we damaged the wall we
are so used to but look it's finally up
and I'm really happy with that there so
yeah it's loaded again though the house
we still need artwork we haven't got any
artwork yet we need some lamps and stuff
like that I showed you the rug didn't I
think I showed you the rug so yeah happy
boy all right guys
look at Matt hey hey girl
oh you're lean I love my fringes minutes
like this it's really good
hi oh you can't do that is you just
kinda bed with it staying for one side
at least headbutt day now today it's
smooth I'm gonna make video I don't mean
no smear and weak milkshake I don't make
a chocolate milkshake
I miss making these because we've been
away but now I'm back my beloved
nutribullet I make a chocolate banana
smoothie yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah look
at that boy try it your famous chocolate
yeah yeah yeah just put the doctor I've
tasted by trying it out that oh my god
so good
a liquid lava and when do I is deep fur
fine fine you prefer my - sweetie yours
is more bitter but you mind Isis - the
king mercy late-night snacks watching
the what we watching we are watching The
Walking Dead
sorry guys we've had dinner but we're
hungry I'm also starting to put a little
bit time out draft nice jet bike kick
your name yeah just a little bit also
you guys can you see this spot on
whenever can they see it
I knew this be painful all day um so
yeah we are watching some Walking Dead
and yeah tomorrow is so much happening
because oh he's booked launched why
London we're gonna go and check out
another dog Center find out about moon
blah blah blah all that so yeah I'm
gonna end this blog here say goodbye in
poop goodbye everybody I hope you
enjoyed this video a thumbs up video
dead and I will see you
