we walk in we roll in we're looking good
people let's do it
hello beautiful sexy people how you
doing on this fine day welcome back to
the channel welcome if you're new that's
the first time ever watching me my name
is Marcus I am a YouTube dinosaur I've
been around for a long time but you can
subscribe to my channel post daily
content click that subscribe button
today we are going to be doing another
guest the youtuber challenge but this
time it by their much lot youtubers have
merch I've had much before
should I bring tiny more much some
youtubers merch is great some youtube's
matches not so great
that's not for me to judge today but we
are going to guess the youtuber by their
match so games challenge so you've got
12 people we're gonna see how well we do
what's your prediction how are you gonna
do is their own match right yeah they're
pictures of them wearing them and I
always they were in it I've cropped up
right so it's just to close up they will
t-shirt no they're not okay please
visiting I'll do well you should do I
hope I'd like you think I'll do well
they're getting more than eight I think
you know youtuber not easily scope and
what stay hydrated
laugh and I roll isn't it who is it rice
gun coolers canonical it is it all too
much nothing but they annoyed me how he
came to every youtuber saying or merch
is so simple you've just got a load of
our he's literally just stuck a logo of
his own name on the match black slices
good it just says right now there is
stuff down the side of the sleeves like
he was all yours called Chinese I don't
know that means well great sales pitch
what I want number two I have no idea
you guys it looks like PewDiePie
I think if you'd buy Hey yeah they fun
Lander yeah yeah yeah yeah you little
snake you're like you you tryin give it
up yeah yeah it doesn't like him
actually I never seen that before
the only reason I thought that is
PewDiePie is what it looks like him but
then contact you know he gets taken out
of context a lot of time I call that
visit like that yeah
never seen him promote that can you
still buy it now I think it's sold out
I'm not Phoenix I know you watch and
give me a t-shirt Thanks what what yeah
you think low gangster how do you day
but they quickly because a who else had
looking booyah on a t-shirt
well Jake how does it look in the shape
I just know like how I try to find yeah
boys are that matter obvious I done the
blouse I feel you right until you mean
yeah go ahead
it's my boy that is my boy to people DD
they know brick and so that's like oh
she yeah I quite like how they've done
that because it obviously it's very
simple but the font is like it's like a
university fun do you not I mean ice
like a uni hoodies I don't really like
it and my thought process behind it is
it's like they've created their own
University their own cult or for
following like when people go to uni
male I have spy that top it's like when
you watch David over it have to buy that
top I thought that was the least a day
breaky notch on that I was looking a lot
like you know the law and things of that
okay this one maybe but York City
tackled I just saw him like I've seen it
I've seen it then his blogs and stuff
lit lit
hmm I mean you like struggling this well
yeah I have no idea I'm just lit you
know three guesses it's a cool drawing I
actually quite like it I like the lamp I
like I just lit on make that is my lit
good pun yeah no American yes I was
about to there must be American to be
using the word lit yeah we did different
sound
it just doesn't sounds like the image we
get lit tonight what difference is it
one of david ovaries crew no but that
one gets ya just like run without a
whole bunch people in that yeah it's not
one of Team Canada is it that thing that
odd what will get better not be like
long Stewart
it's not like okay nigahiga no way oh I
get the parm again I should have got I
shoulda guessed that really so punny
isn't is oh shit that is a picture in a
house whose house is it tiny butter okay
rock on Johnny how'd you get that just
know it it's no it's not deep in the
brain hidden in my brain tells caffeine
I quite like that and I would wear that
that is quite cool in that is cool
having much yeah it's not confront her
or is it it is I guessed it because
Connor is Artyom quite cool and these
are coffee Connors doing very well
so close how are you guessing those ages
are even on dude I just I know like mm
say did you see that in the corner no
I'm just new I'm just that kind of
person no but come on it's like a lot of
it I mean I'm part of the community
I know these things if you like mean
showing you yeah a football top up on
that not sure what it is for me no okay
why we got Chelsea covered the neighbor
come which else keep at that what I'm a
Chelsea fan well as well today
that's the addition one where you got
that stuff on it is that limited edition
yeah that's clever
so I'm special yeah wear it when I play
football you get a red jersey top your
head one either profile live in London
this is just live close to Chelsea yeah
Liverpool can you please send me on come
on a little fat not really a Chelsea fan
you should start collecting them they'll
be well although put your name on it but
that was living with my name we work for
my values let you screw in the bin
next myrrh that is my absolute favorite
youtubers my idols as 18:10 help my idol
that's my idol because my idol because
it was very quick
I know because all I do every day is dab
on them haters oh that's why I do that's
my motto
I see you actually quite like that
Jacqueline I don't then chant mean I do
another oh I love it
if I think I'm fat as well yeah look at
that times a two tone but everything
have you seen the back oh Jesus on here
is a fan of Phil oh my god what a teaser
know is you're absolutely right old
absolutely rattle how do you get rid of
easily how can you help a damsel Phil
Stan okay yeah well fucking point
forgetting who's in the picture how did
you know that there much because I know
I know wearing no you know fandom don't
go outside
are you annoyed yes I mean that's like
it's cool
J Poole ah how did you know that if you
could see his face right I know but
seriously I told you I don't
we must convey it off his my idol even
the initial there I've got his signature
you needn't I do the legend the man
himself Marcus Butler how long is that
how is that I would say that is how long
we've been in London two for London is
for them I'd say three years ago three
years ago a long time
as some of you up very well because all
you ever do is eat thank you glad you
appreciate that what give you that from
her thank you that's sold out but I
don't have much anymore but should I
should I do so much I've got an I have
got some ideas for so much but we'll see
dependence tend if there's a demand for
it you know if you guys are craving my
face on your clothes I wouldn't put my
face on your face already or probably
even my name but yeah that was wait so
what do I get I got one wrong I learn
that well but 1110 can't hack your own
touch course you can what was it part of
the quiz yeah it was so that's what 11
out of 12 is incredible I'm very happy
of that I hope you guys enjoyed watching
playing alone guessing as well give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you tomorrow
within our video goodbye
