why are you in bed right now I've just
got back and I've been at the gym and I
ran back a Maki is still asleep
Bob wake up open your eyes to open your
eyes
good morning hello um today's not being
a good start to the day at all really
if I'm going to be completely honest so
firstly I went to record 2 gaming videos
this morning first one I recorded my
microphone wasn't didn't work so to
record any audio so I was like okay
stuff that happens nope no big deal I'll
just refill man and make sure it's
working that time so refilmed it and
then the application I used to record
the screen crushed like when I finished
stopped record crashed didn't save it so
that happened which was obviously great
um and then I was what I went to go and
make some food with Nami but she got her
new food processor blender thing the
other day and she asked me to try and do
this thing so I tried to do it and
basically put it in and put it down and
it started going without anything in
there and shredded the entire contents
of it basically so she's very very upset
obviously she's wanted one of those for
so long and the fact that I come along
and I'm like oh yeah look oh I'll do it
and then I just shred it to pieces
obviously is not is not great so she's
very up
set which is understandable don't golf
because it's not funny so I'm on my way
into town to get her and you on or try
and find a replacement for that one all
that part because they broke it I feel
really bad
they are so I'm up to at moment so
awesome start to the day Marcus woohoo
so I'm I'm Sal and then no you called up
whilst I was gone the guys because we
think there was a manufacturing fault
with it before I messed it up so we're
going to choose your septum are to try
and replace that nemesis sad right knee
oh because you're waiting for it for so
long and then I ruined it the most it's
something that I have a ball I don't
know okay that's typical man um and we
just went out to pick up our order from
perlier organics it's like a lucky dip
yeah we've just opened there and you got
all of these they're like white Cheetos
what are you gonna grab oh yeah
Oh oh my gosh is like I was gonna get
cacao powder you know what that means
oh oh almonds no goji berries chocolate
okay my goodness I thought this is a big
bar and I ordered it ah you just find
her yes okay I'm gonna get almonds
what kewal pasta that is quinoa buster
no you won't forget lazy
what are the ingredients darn wheat
semolina so only got seven percent
quinoa I want to get them but I'm
getting less Oh
nice neutral yeast you have - for vegans
I'm getting really exciting stuff guys I
got an almond Akashi
roll the journey get one of them cake
coconut chips yeah what's that that cake
it's my plant-based Christmas pudding I
thought this was big - titania you're so
bleep king Oh pasta okay this is
probably really boring you guys now
brown rice what knows noodles so brown
rice noodle yeah there's the elements
I'm probably really boring you showing
you all that stuff this is the first
time we've ordered from planet organic
because we found that basically it's a
shop in London we kind of deliver
outside of London which kind of made us
real active so we ordered some stuff um
but it's pretty really boring so I'm
going to try and film now my third video
of doing the exact same game for third
time because everything's been going
along today so fingers crossed
nothing goes wrong this time time to
finally make because we got this I can
finally make the banana chocolate
smoothie I've been talking about for
ages and so we ended up at third I
forgot this flip and then hang on look
guys I still got that and it's getting
worse like bigger and more and more
painful what the hell is out this isn't
even focused on my face um what is it
because it doesn't seem like a normal
officer and it keeps like I don't know
it's really really saw yeah I don't is
it something that I like I don't know if
anybody knows what it could be let me
is so yeah time to make this chocolate
banana smoothie and talk you through so
you guys can make it as well you you're
only four ingredients for it so those
ingredients are I probably am at first
so what you guys are going to need is
almond milk check almond butter Jack two
bananas check and raw cacao powder which
is basically chocolate in its purest
form it's really natural and it is
really really good for you it has some
super good nutrients and stuff in that
and that is literally you need so whack
pulled that into the nutribullet and
then blender ooh - bananas check next
I'm going to put in the cacao powder
which is two heaped tablespoons of and
cowbow so I'm gonna make this for me and
I'm so I'm always putting a little bit
more so to teethe tablespoons of that
one tablespoon of almond butter
I think it's a which mean anyway and the
final thing is one cup of almond milk so
I've got the measuring here and I'm
going to put that
I'm gonna add in a little bit of ice
just make it a bit
Oh
there we go we have got a banana and
chocolate smoothie for madam thank you
cheers Cheers
and one for me
is it good really really really yet oh
it tastes like an amazing milkshake oh
so good so good you guys really really
need to try it it's so simple and so
easy and everything in there is so good
for you and it's so delicious as well I
really want you to try that
so yeah last time I did something really
simple for you guys so many of you
posted on Twitter your attempts of it so
I want to see the same of this and if
you want me to do more stuff like this
that's simple and easy then just let me
know because but if it was like doing
this kind of stuff so um yeah let us
know if you want to see more Oh Merlin
Merlin boughs come on
different come say hi no Merlin come on
hello how are you baby boy
Merlin have you missed me last time I
came that you weren't very friendly with
me oh yeah if I hold him this way you
kid I like that maybe doesn't so yeah
I've come back home for dinner with
these two months I'm a nun smells you
right mum
mum's just being at yoga stretching and
making friends and what should live for
morale Madrid on TV and we've got food
Simon's cooking dinner and it's
literally ready nothing so he was gonna
eat there aim it
mitii MooMoo oh she liked being coddled
now yeah Matthysse to never like being
colored she's so chilled oh no this is
what we got steak and sweet potato veg
looks really really yummy
