good morning guys hello I'm heading off
to London today my phone is ringing so I
must answer that in a minute
are you going to London for a talk with
and brands and smaller stuff don't
really know should be good I've done one
before done a couple before so um they
always get a bit nervous before public
speaking
just cuz I'm talking in front of like
probably a couple hundred of people and
they're all kind of judging you and are
becomes weird are judging you so yeah
hopefully I'll show you guys on that
from here at OMB it's really cool office
to collect littlewolf and really wanna
get one rates and want to panel with
these guys don't really know what
they're talking about I think it's like
a Q&A in front of brands and stuff so
yeah I don't have to film anything so
the talk ended up going really well
should I get really nervous those things
behind
people just every interesting and I'm
asking too much tones so yeah now I'm
going back to Brighton just something
like fog which is one my favorite quick
like
yes I called a superfood chicken pot
it's got like loads of goodness in a
green detox smoothie and also getting
Dom on them superfood pods try and get
him like it's tight as hell
like a I explained it to mr. Singh was
my best explanation so try and if you
comment in XML guys look at this one in
London like it's raining so much
- and headlights right then can we paint
it but me I don't even know the words
sometimes I feel I have a day where I
can sing a little bit sometimes I feel
like I calm today is the day that I can
as I'm back home and I am about to head
to the gym to work out yeah
whoo so look how dog is it's like five
o'clock now those clocks have gone back
yes dark early but tonight's going to be
cool we are going out for dinner and
cinema with Marcia and Felix um we
haven't really properly hung out with
them before we've like pair of them at
events and stuff but never just chilled
so I'm actually not hang up those guys
and do you know we were seeing a scary
film by the way yeah is it really scary
because when Peter tells me he's like oh
it's this film because I thought they
might want to see a film that we've
sinks we go to cinema quite a bit and he
sent me a thing and I GU would exercise
on the train I didn't watch anything and
it looked scary night meshing back I was
like ah no he's probably gonna
herself but she'll enjoy was the trailer
bad yeah I watched the whole trailer on
my own in the dark and here and it
scared me I told one you know that I'll
probably be watching it with a coat over
my head you're gonna have sweaty hands
the whole film I think I've told you no
yes clammy palms so that when she's like
nervous or watching a scary film she
gets really sweaty palms it's quite cute
Oh anyway yeah I'm gonna go work out
so we've just been for dinner and we
went to Jamie's and we introduced you to
the new restaurant actually it is Felix
Amasya um they've never been to Jamie's
but you guys liked it than here it was
really good
and now we're going to cinema to see a
really scary film that these guys were
making us going see Naomi's absolutely
terrified I did I don't mind watching it
it's just after maybe you don't watch it
no like I said earlier no he sits there
like this of whoops go see my fingers oh
yeah I'm gonna secretly sit there like
this hey I did I did that in the cinema
of you the other day
so yeah I'll let you guys know how are
you doing a dance routine
Marta's eat
he's a very specific role so four
seconds
oh that was my best workout routine is
that what you have to do it's time for
your workout give us your best workout
routine for example my boy the dance
routine
in the sky dingo dingo your mouth we're
playing this game of go please was he
good well oh my god well what was fun
hanging out with pewter ah
heute or Felix and Marty
um sin that they live in Brighton a hot
bleep that we haven't really hung out
properly but it was really nice we going
for dinner going to cinema and then we
went back to theirs and played some card
games and just hang out a bit um the
film was it was a good film it wasn't
that scary was it no was a exactly so
wasn't that it wasn't that scary though
was it I mean you didn't really scary
yeah but that's not scary scarier than
mama
it was quite predictable and what was it
called again bla black a black a Booker
Booker took her babadook huh
babadook uh it was a good film like um
babadook by the look Babur Oh awesome
give the video a thumbs up enjoy and
I'll see you tomorrow
