oh my gosh look at her back hello good
morning that song I don't want to like
it but I like the beat like yeah cool
anyway I am off to an interview with a
TV company I bet I'll show you is just
because that's how things go
but yeah you most definitely you know
you they are so that's that I don't
really know it's about so already tell
you what what did you observe that
they're really also what do you think of
my hair so my hair is obviously getting
long now and I'm almost like pushing it
back a bit that lighting really really
harsh it's not great um yeah that's what
do you think of the hair and also by the
way I am genuinely contemplating dyeing
my hair now I last night not black like
jet black but maybe some kind of darker
color just because from the Halloween
video so many of you guys like oh my god
black hair looks so good you should
definitely die so I think I'm getting my
hair cut tomorrow so I might talk to my
hairdresser about getting a dye
potentially
emotional okay before
look at the building some of these
buildings
and you've got some like shoes on this
bill down
it's just like a really wafer to see
mouth
he's really a food based on my
personality
yeah come to school Bombardier there
might succeed minute service I'm just
like walking around
so I'm back with Nick above both my Bob
and I'm not saying he got the camera on
the west wall street fight that TV thing
was good for Italian the amount errors
interesting and now all it is liberties
there we could click and look at this
now we know you'll finally thing for a
mature thank you and I'm looking for sin
she may be content autonomous things I'm
pretty good
it could be a brighter everything
slightest tree trunk looks good I just
got a mixture of like bench and it's
like broccoli and stuff like that got
some very very exciting news to tell
everybody expecting dance and it's my
launch night tonight for the next time
about cosmetics products and lashes mom
would stay that way to say that help
focus wait yeah there you go lovely do a
few links these are the individual
lashes individuals to get like a really
like hickety pickety natural effects and
I've got half lashes little corner ones
and then for strip lashes and they've
all got already cute names one's called
Bambi my face back here's some here
these are now available in super dry
super dog no Tom's got rush off Tobin
but we're staying here to just hang out
with Jimin Zoe and then with us for
again head over there later so guys
Louie got food from the favorites mode
that I've been beaten boys
we all got a smoothie each thin my Bob
what was it called Jimmy sorry it's the
chocolate chunk Norris with added
protein because we're Anna hench and we
got bag of food Richard oh well we got
to that's Jim's that looks round
actually yesterday these are exactly the
same
Jim you got the boat you go those wise
that's great
these drinks as well dawn is not had
Tanya steel
we're waiting for
this lift guys
as I see you
the people
