good morning I'm literally just woken up
now lo zio asked me to talk about like
more food to ID and stuff so because I'm
gonna know if the gym this morning when
I wake up the first thing I do is drink
a load of water because throughout the
night you get really dehydrated that's
very important to rehydrate your body
Maisie so I always have a couple the
next my bed so I want much that just yep
rehydrate and my pre-workout
like food I have a smoothie now this
looks ranked so already i haven't mixed
it but put the stuff in here so what's
in that it's spinach porridge oats blues
blueberries raspberries banana bit of
flaxseed almond milk and a bit of
protein powder so that's in there now I
mash all of that together
and that's what I'm left with and it is
actually delicious like Jim won a hat
may not be as nice as other ones but
that's just because there's a lot of
like fruit not there's nothing that much
just Britain in there and I sometimes
have this as breakfast so this isn't
just before the gym you can have these
as a breakfast because it's very very
tough it's got all the nutrients and
that you need and the reason I put the
portraits in there is because it's low
energy so I basically won't eat
breakfast enjoy peak and then crash wait
till I say oh my mom we really need
sugar so it's slow releasing energy as
well
John's talked about yours film man blue
breathe a whole beat treat half of the
rest of Marx's banana cuz you didn't
want all of it and literally like copper
Oz because I just wanted to cut the
recipes and then I've got some chia
seeds because these are really good what
neither if you meet some vegan and a mix
from in the spiral of Maca acai baobab
Siberian ginseng reishi and purple corn
I have all of those separate but
sometimes when I'm late and I don't want
to do a teaspoon of everything I just do
a whole mix because it's already in
there easy peasy lemon squeezy
and then when it's done I got some
people and on the Tuck starts were full
of b12 vitamins and I don't get that
from vegetables do I look a mess
oh I'm a mess right now
yeah we're literally like literally one
minute it's not a nine years cocaine or
almond milk and 10 G's coconut which
before I go to the gym just because
actually hydrates you more than water
does I just tried to take a little
furnace already so yeah that's what I do
for pre-workout stuff and sometimes
breakfast if you fit in cool so yeah
hope that's helped things flameless just
happened ladybug no there's been three
boats I got in the car and there was a
crane fly flying up here so I had to
grab it and throw out live and no ice
driving then a fly flew into my face now
just a tiny one I had to hit it out
there and then I just looked down I was
like what the there there's a
ladybird in the car what is up with this
car
Marcus is freaking oh there's a massive
spoiler so we have come to town because
you've been invited to try out food for
friends new recipes then we got a few
things that we need to take back what
was that a scratch on my legs sit back
get some stuff for Halloween which
you're seeing each other
my antenna so my main town video edit
which is going tonight which you should
have seen here we have some fresh olives
and a wild Miami swamp and blocking
element and I'm a big flower little lips
dish they're amazing so I got a tofu and
mango and avocado salad like cashew nuts
and stuffy and we've got word of this to
share which name is broken now my
comment what is this is quinoa
this is pristine
Cory flowers no I was not meaning for
this on how to do his makeup for a video
that's coming very soon he didn't expect
this today to deal
so I was just in matok for like half
hour having my makeup done for this look
just to give me advice and I got my
starting can't wait to show you guys all
over me fail and then he put some
concealer on my face when I left because
it's all red from all the stuff to this
day and so that would be a final so I
really mean Anthony saw all my stuff my
gaming channel video my gaming channel
video is now off my main channel video
is now my blog is up about you every
channel is officially don't look so if
you haven't already subscribed then yeah
make sure to youtube and put some up
lots about the games everything down
there as well
whilst we might record started poking
down here my dear whilst like being some
well this special one has been cooking
well we got it looks so good
keep our native vegetables we've got
stuffed peppers in the oven jacket sweet
potatoes and corn
it's tricking and demand matters what
we've got I'm excited
so NIMS has just made snack oh no what
is they are roasted pecans but what I
did was in a saucepan I put a tablespoon
of coconut oil tablespoon of raw cacao
powder teaspoon of cinnamon oh and then
a tablespoon of maple syrup and then a
tablespoon of agave nectar but the maple
syrup is that I kept here I know Marcus
probably like oh but it's like a good
maple syrup Oh yummy
you got late-night snack what tea you've
got Eminem Eminem
you got a hooker nap time t and NIMH Bob
would rob laughs my Diaries I started
watching The Walking Dead the other day
I watched one the other day because
everyone's been raving about recently so
I was like maybe I should watch this
so watch one and then we watched one
yesterday yeah I was still mine you know
what's the third one and you like that
yeah and when I watch for fun I know
what you mean but I was kind of like The
Vampire Diaries ever right at the moment
we're like midway through season five
minutes just a bit see me it's because
you'd like my good my gosh ix about as
that say I had but we were saying one
now I was gonna say oh that's it I was
in say I'm getting pretty good at
finishing my books now on I I went for a
stage where pretty much fun and every
single blog but getting into a little
habit of taking my camera to bed and
finish it in bed and all that kind of
stuff
gaming channel nuts obviously by the day
that you're watching this it but I don't
want to say before but it's yeah when I
lost it had like thirty five forty
thousand subscribers in like four hours
absolutely insane so thank you so much
to any of you guys that whatever and
subscribe to it
second thing I want to talk about ulcers
so I tweeted the other day saying about
hating ulcers and loads of people like
what the hell's on also so I'm gonna try
to show you my all six I've lost Savage
Oaks okay oh you can see there you go
okay can you guys see that that is
literally like a hole in my mouth yeah
might be disgusting some of you sorry
I've had that all suffered nearly a week
now and there's a number one starting to
adopt down here
Moses usually mean that you're running
down with something
I think like it just means your body's a
bit rundown so if anyone's got any knows
any more about offices or anything like
that then let me know you basically
because it really sucks really really
sore but yeah I'm gonna go to bed so I
will see you guys tomorrow those of you
enjoyed it
