good morning beautiful people how are
you today on this fine day I've just
realized I haven't even take my retainer
out yet so I had Brisas pomp Act hmm
that's coming groove and also a spots
yeah I love spots lovely kind of spots
on your face yeah I realized a lie
creasing emmaandemma Heath have been
like have my teeth been starting to turn
back into the original form there in
before I braces so braces so I had train
tracks which is you know they did it
like a year and then I had a retainer
but I realized I was like wait I haven't
worn my retainer in like a year and a
half I should probably saw that out so I
was on pops in I've had about 30 minutes
so far this bloody saw has a lot um so
before I continue I'm just going to take
this Alex it's a bit gross okay so
there's something that I kind of want to
talk about because a lot of you ask this
I get asked because I go to the gym a
lot and the food I eat a lot of you guys
like all markets you eat a healthy and
you go to the gym and you inspire meaty
healthy and workout and stuff which I
absolutely love like I can inspire you
to do something that is you know the
best thing the fact that you can watch
my videos and hope you feel inspired and
loads you always say like how did you do
it and oh you lost so much weight and
stuff like this I've never really talked
about it or addressed it just because I
haven't really ever felt the need to
share my story it's not even a story um
but seeing as so many of you are it's
like oh can you touch your gym routine
your food routine how you lost weight
how you get healthy but I thought I
might spend a couple of minutes
talking about it with you guys and then
showing you like a before and after
because it might inspire you more I
don't even done my hair yeah I need to
still kind of do that I've just got the
shower anyway so basically around just
after so I set a new year's resolution
to myself this time
I'll shave on honest I'm not
but Christmas just gone and that was to
get healthy and go to the gym and be
proactive and just get better
uh-hum as that is many many many many
people's New Year's resolutions but I
wanted to actually try and stick to it
so the first thing that I started to do
was write find out information about how
can I get healthier how can I change my
lifestyle and to be honest with you the
first and most important thing is diet
like if you speak daily on who's been
through this or gives advice on it they
will tell you that diet is probably the
most important thing and just to point
out I'm not a professional icon you know
my advice might not be deemed correct
this is just what I thought was helpful
for me and so I want to make it helpful
for you so yeah I basically changed my
diet and I used to drink diet coke like
every single day like ice drink three
candid I cook every day I used to have
like three packs of crisps a day I used
to eat cakes chocolate burgers chips
just like as a daily thing and I never
really thought about food and diet and
stuff like that um until I started
training with someone so I was like
right if I'm gonna do this I'm going to
need somebody to get me into the swing
of things and motivate me so I got a
trainer um who helped me with
nutritional advice change my diet up and
introduced me to exercise because I've
done exercise of my life like he's
played bocce which I used to be really
active but when I stopped playing sports
and didn't really go to the gym I just
started to put on weight because I was
eating bad food and now exercising so
the two and two together makes you put
on weight now tip number one that I'd
give you which is the most important
thing is don't think about changing
everything all at once you how if you if
you want to do this you have to do this
very very very very slowly in small
stages if you're like right I'm going to
cut everything out of my diet today you
will fail straight up because that's
impossible so I took the aim to take out
things at
so I started drinking less diet coke
which then moved on to cutting out
crisps and then slowly cutting out all
these small things over a period of time
and everyone saw all but doing like
crave them and don't you want this and
that and to be completely honest you
with you after a month you just kind of
don't crave them now that may seem crazy
to any of you guys that have that stuff
but when you don't have it for a while
you stop craving it like that's just how
it kind of goes I don't know I do
there's probably some kind of science
behind that but um the first month is
the hardest and after that he just gets
a lot easier so yeah my story was I
basically in the last eight nine months
I've lost two stone so that doesn't
sound like that much compared to a lot
of weight loss stories because this
isn't really a weight your story oh my
god this is going to turn really weird
um it's just a tramp at Body
Transformation from somebody who didn't
work out and didn't have a good diet
someone else now who does work out and
has a good diet as I think I do um and I
just want to share it with you to
hopefully inspire some of you so yeah I
lost two stone and changed up my diet
and started working out I started
learning about foods that were good for
me in foods that were not good for me
and why I should have good foods and why
shouldn't have good foods and the reason
probably for me changing this whole
thing isn't nothing of it is to look
good like that's not my aim of this my
aim to do this is to live a healthier
lifestyle to prolong my life to give me
every better chance of not getting a
critical illness due to bad foods like
cancer there's so much research that bad
foods can lead cancer and heart disease
and all this crazy stuff I was like why
would I want to let myself be at risk of
that if I could try and not do that by
eating better um so that was my kind of
thought process going into the whole
thing so here is a picture of me two
years ago at summer in the city two
years ago with my top off put it right
here
that was me then um and yeah when I when
I look back at that now I'm like oh my
god I look so different I'll put a few
pictures I'll just keep putting a few
pictures here of how I like book my
before look now when I look back I can
see like there's such a difference from
those pictures there's so many benefits
from having a healthy lifestyle such as
I don't even know it begin you feel it
makes you feel so much better about
yourself if you're lacking confidence or
you there might be some people watching
this video that use food as a comfort
that's what I did like food can be a
massive come for part in your life but
if you turn to a healthier lifestyle you
can instantly start feeling better about
yourself and that's what I found with
changing my diet up you also help things
like your skin so having your diet helps
your skin massively I found my skin's
being a lot better since having a better
diet than it was before and also things
like tiredness honestly the truth is
when you're having bad foods your blood
sugar level is just like this so in an
ideal world you want your blood sugar
level to kind of be flat like this and
maybe go up a bit and come back down so
you when you're having bad foods it's
going like this is peaking and then drop
in and peak in and crashing because
you're basically on a sugar burnout so
when you're having all these sugars
you'll fit your your body's like only
little on a high oh I'm so tired I need
more sugar oh you're a high oh my arms
are tight so your consi like oh my arm
so sleepy oh my god now and buzzing like
that's the effect of some of those foods
I don't know I'm probably boring so many
of you don't want to go too deep on this
I don't want to ramble I just want to
show you like my before and my after and
share a bit of info on that so yeah now
I'm going to show you my after how I
look now duh this is me now this is me
la la la la la not that much look at
like I said I'm not trying to make this
to show off or be like wow like that's
not my aim I am is just to show you like
a before and an after
and show you that if you put some effort
in and you're interested in changing
your diet and lifestyle you can see
results and that's what I've seen so
yeah don't think this is me trying to be
look at me like that's not what this is
about otherwise you'd see me take
topless pictures and selfies and
throwing them about but that's honestly
not what this is about at all so yeah I
might have rambled on too much already
so I'm just gonna slowly finish this out
but um yeah I don't know it's so many of
you watching this might not even care at
all but if this helps at least one of
you then that makes me feel better so
yeah let me know like in the comments if
you do want this not this if you want me
to talk more about it or if you want to
know anything else that I haven't really
covered or gone into town do let me know
and this is turning into like a video
don't I'm gonna take up the tripod is
but on the tripods that had a lot of
things to say but I'm going to continue
back into my normal daily vlog now but I
just had these thoughts my mind and
wanted to kind of share them with you so
yeah so I put my retainer back here I
put my retainer back in and I've come
out in public forgetting I had a M so
I've now gonna take four shops with us
in my high say yeah um first place
Pinter as a post office to pick up this
bracelet that I ordered ages ago and
it's finally coming so I want to show
you guys can with that little bag it
smells nice I think it's just go on it
to kind of match mice colouring you'll
see it has got two skulls this is it's
like a leather bracelet with two little
skulls on the end so it's quite cool
that's the skull it's quite big I've got
really skinny wrists hmm do I like it
I don't know
it's kind of cool what do you guys think
doesn't really stay on my rest it's been
oh you can't make it smaller yeah do you
like it I like it it's just quite big oh
my gosh my little I'll take some lunch
got some chicken and some like beans
mixed beans and stuff yum yum yum
I've been a little goddess today I've
got two washing loads today I've done
all the food shopping well so I don't
say that's actually about it so maybe
not so much of a goddess so we're now at
Naomi's at name is yeah we thought
because Nova's parents gone out so we're
babysitting Daisy
whoever I'm ready babysitting for she's
being asleep already but we've just come
here to make sure everything's okay with
her and nothing is wrong it's first I'm
just going out and we've cooked some
food we've don't really not we've cooked
it's just better than mixed max of
everything Mitch mix and match but I
kind of like the heat three thing here
names with some mushrooms we cooked a
Mexican quinoa thing and I got some
sausages though so yeah we've got our
first problem
the baby monitor guys noemi's mom said
leave her for about a minute she might
pass out back to speed okay if she's
head off for midday she's had to go up
and try right we've got a bottle to try
and feed her but Daisy doesn't
be yeah she's bottle-feed which sucks oh
and if it gets pretty bad then was just
have to call 91 chef to come back so we
never really update John situation with
Daisy we went upstairs to see if she is
okay and we saw try and calm her down
and then we will try to feed her bottle
milk because even if she doesn't you
still try every single day and then she
just carried on crime for like 10-15
minutes so we had to call no his mom and
she had to come back which kind of
sucked her because it was their first
night out in five months but um she
yeah they stayed out for 20 minutes and
then had to come back to breastfeed
Daisy so that's what happened and now
we're back home so I'm gonna go to bed
now
thumbs let's hear you enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow right
