hello morning that's what it's like
talking to you guys you guys are this
that is you hello name he's just gone we
had a massive ox math Jake oh we're
heading to breakfast now and she's a
hungry one come on
all right have you got the key cool yeah
we are too fast and then I missed good
sang sashimi in London and I can't see
me hashtag there that in camera I have
I'm heading back to bright on because
I've got a lot of stuff today of what I
test actually that's the first thing
I've got right so yeah well I didn't see
I knew anyway these are two things guys
last night in the middle of the night
literally in the middle of the night as
fast asleep and this thing like this
crazy noise start going the whole hotel
this was flashing green I leaped up out
of my sleep I was like so and you just
like I like I've panicked at first but
then I kind of realized what was going
on at first but marks are still amongst
fine I was like on edge like what's
happening what it's topped off like five
seconds
um second thing look at this yeah I mean
wait how can you see that is that
focused on that
okay now let me pull that down okay so
that green light it looks tiny there
honestly when the room is dark well the
entire room green so I was like well
that's that's not the best so I got this
but it's all my hair wax on it and stuff
yeah but it really bugged out which is
good
got an ID s yeah um I ran out my
contacts I need new contacts at this
time fantastic I'm in the car with every
single youtuber I've got this dickhead
your light is so bright oh goes ba here
was somebody was guys with you outfit in
the front and Jonah hood driver hey so
we are heading to a place called Tully's
farm that we went through last year
Missouri up in Miami when on Halloween
and as if any of you saw the blog it was
the most terrifying thing in the world
we will shut ourselves and it was I
think how he cried as well it's
basically an event in this farm and we
turn up and you go into like little
houses and walk around and people jump
out and they scare you and there's
chainsaws and you pick it out and you
literally put yourself actually
literally I think I did it I did it
earlier was given at the big in here's
like ya know I'm gonna be scared you are
honestly you know terrified thank you I
said I said I don't use to get scared
but I don't know what it's gonna be like
that what my words
I can't wait because I think me Zoe
Alfie Alfie we're the only ones that
have been right yeah no no we're going
with I think that all the girls are in
so is close to us is the Zoe's car who's
in Zoe's car no one it where oh yeah
for no time no time for company she's
not you'll see whoever cabine I mean
they're in that car
so yeah no Emma beam on us and this what
people do you think that looks good
buying that
this one we going on this
tractor-trailer thing we went lose all
sure that's what everyone jumps out and
there's this little girl what is that
regards guys that is what we're going on
terrified everyone
someone who's behind every time just by
saying
oh my god it's like slender freaky oh my
god
oh you'll so freaky I don't like you
fire every time
Oh stay away stay there stay there
right now it's good I was terrified I
thought I was a famous one we're doing
all this is fine this isn't even scary
I just found out from Alfea that we're
going in which is the one that's dead
most music
you guys my dog okay now but you can
give rod they wanna encourage their own
encourage people to give blood
you wanna check out check out but it's
like a scheme with I love vampire so you
don't like Japanese food
uplink or bling bling bling bling bling
bling bling bling
is the tunnel yukari-san we all live
we didn't come on this podcast uh he's
yet good health scare that that's what
you think ah this is creepy
oh there's gonna be more isn't
yeah
the holes right now so anybody behind
the scenes on the right that we just
went on which is one
so we all go in clothes that doesn't
like anything right now it is not even
possible to flipping scary ride is an
impact guys on a scale of one to ten how
much Oh God that's gonna be a sparrow
out there so I have to got this my own
hi guys you can you can see that I'm
going up on my own there on the other
side
Juma's chats with her okay there we go
oh we're pretty high oh my god
Oh
terrifying what did you guys think
now I bring easiest thing I was no he's
right I was terrified this right
straight up like yo guys my hair oh oh I
like the color on there thank you that
that was epic not right okay I am so
tired the journey home guys honesty toke
it's like I'm gonna be a half hour
journey took like an hour forty minutes
because of traffic and stuff so I was
awesome but yeah I'm super tired and I'm
going to bed so yeah I will see you two
more row a little bit you enjoyed it bye
