good morning everyone
I was super super tired this morning
trying to get out of bed I don't know
why cuz I'm usually quite I'm well I am
I'm like a morning person I mean really
good in the mornings and I got up early
and stuff but this morning like my body
did just not worn it get up don't know
what it was doing but today's a fun day
so we mentioned we're doing this thing
called
Amity fest where we're doing like a live
kind of show thing I'm one accompany as
many of you guys and it's like a trial
run to begin with but we have got a
whole day of planning and rehearsing and
what kind of stuff today so that should
be good
Jim no Tom Naomi and Alfie have left
already
I had a lot of shower basically so
they're gonna grab some food and they
made you relieve him we're gonna get
core in a minute and meet everyone else
there so yeah it should be a good day
Jimbo hello
thanks for waking me up and then
we made not really sure where they were
in southeast London
south-southeast a chef is somewhere in
southeast London and we've got like a
whole day of which preparations and
meeting with poor manager stuff so it
should be exciting but I'm not sure how
much I'll be able to film so just like I
know this can happen as well we're gonna
end up getting like quite thorough weird
with each other in cycling for arguing
on fighting something like that I'm a
boy right now so the girls went to the
good life which is where we went
yesterday
food what did you get I make these at
home this is a pretty ring focus there
we go it's like blended berries and
bananas bracelet no it's very berry
berry and then they got me a quinoa
porridge I've never even heard of that
BAE is amazing and this juice could be
incredible hope or just the hope super
good and we got snacks for later
so they're halfway through their
briefing for lunch and it's going so
well but we're going out some food got
the guys here in front
the girl on the go I'm in Casper yeah I
saw I wanted to film he's happy I'm so
she looks og today it looks like a G
look at the bill down it's lovely to
hike lovely
Frege got more fresh veg but cheese your
this it's in place
mozzarella obvious pandas dish of the
day my addition today is gonna be yeah
there's a cool fun fact this house
it's made of wax what you think like Jim
we will pass like why is everyone
looking at this house that was so weird
it's actually made of wax like candle
wax kind of cool by the way you guys
like January 1 and then our street rock
portable blemishes try capture squeezed
in my own and what
because I'm in white but my Sookie again
but yeah we are on a back to break them
fire go FIFA without fruit just so you
know really show them who's boss man
what's the schoolmate one else man look
at their sleeve this Missy Missy
three-one three-one three-one three-one
to whack goals no oh sorry 19 shots - of
course it doesn't mean they give me any
of that got a cheeky midnight snack some
almond butter and rice cakes and some
ginger biscuit then time to watch some
Vampire Diaries and chill out on the
Friday night you excited for vampire by
agrees season 6 the started of me
started that yet we haven't finished
five year so we got a lot of catching up
to do I know I'm police I ain't no with
my hair because I can see in this
viewfinder but whatevs yeah we watch the
Vampire Diaries now just gonna go to bed
cuz I'm a pretty tired I don't know why
since I've come back from Boston I've
been feeling really really tired which
is really unusual for me cos I get like
a decent sleep while my hair and yeah I
eat like good foods so my energy level
should be stable but just beats so tired
since coming back from Oz I don't really
know why so hopefully I'm going to try
and have a long sleep tonight and see if
that helps also can we just talk about
for a sec how cool Harry Styles is like
how
how can you just be cool like that like
I was okay the story for this coming is
I want to be friends with Harry Styles I
think that'd be pretty cool
and the reason I'm saying this is
because I was shopping for clothes
earlier online and I was like oh like I
hate shopping clothes online it stresses
me out I don't know if look and I'm just
like what looks good on me and I'm just
not good at that kind of stuff so I was
like hmm I know I like how Harry Styles
looks Harry Styles fashion Harry Styles
this and that pictures of him he just
looks so cool like so cool I don't want
to look cool on a cooling and I was like
where can i buy these clothes you know
cool in that shirt all those jeans look
good all those boots wow they're really
really good on you where can I get those
so I just he's just a cool guy isn't he
I've never met him be pretty good to me
and be pretty cool to be able to dress
like him too so that's one thing oh and
just before it goes well actually I
forgot to say I have been nominated for
a Radio 1 teen choice award this year
they did it for the first year last year
and so we want it and this year I they
chose me to like be nominated which is
really really cool and I don't know
really you know why they chose me and
not other people but I I was just
calling wow that's really really cool
that you've chose me to be nominated for
it I'm up against Zoey and some other
people and it's just weird like when
it's friends as those one of my best
friends but when you go when you're
onner up for an award against your best
friend it just gets a bit weird and I
don't really know how to deal with that
but because I've never had anything like
this really before I just kind of wanted
to tell you cuz it's exciting for me
but I kind of know I'm probably not
gonna win it so it's like I want to
share it with you just because I'm like
yeah this is cool but I probably know
I'm annoying it so yeah I just like said
for about the fifth time I just thought
was cool so I wanted to share it with
you and if you do want to evoke me or
whatever then that would be cool but
I'll put a link in the description if
you're interested yeah I'm gonna go now
both of our phones are going nuts
noemi's phone is literally gone off
about 50 times and starting this video
but tomorrow I need to film something
and then my mom's coming around for like
tea in the afternoon cup of tea
not like dinner tea and she is bringing
hopefully I bought she takes me she's
like Ashley I bring normally cat so the
cats round I was like oh yes please
bring the cats I would absolutely love
you to bring the cats and she's like I
don't have time well let me so hopefully
I'm gonna try and get mom to bring the
cats around just to experience have a
little afternoon trip away from home but
yeah I'm gonna go now so thanks for
watching this video service all over the
place the Amity fest stuff we had
earlier I couldn't really feel much
because we would just solve it me
planning and meeting and rehearsing and
blah blah blah but yeah I'm gonna go
those that video enjoy there and I will
see you guys tomorrow
also just probably one more thing what
basically my hair is getting really long
for me like really long and almost to
the point where it's like I don't want
to do it like my fringe if you can see
my fringe is coming down like almost I
level now I don't know what to do with
my hair should I cut it should I keep
like cuz it was being shorter should I
try grow it a bit what do you guys think
yeah right I'm actually gonna go now so
bye
