hello beautiful sexy people was going on
welcome back to the kitchen and welcome
back to we'll eat deep fried deep frying
random theme we started this on the
channel about six months ago
and it was a really popular series we
just um done it for a while you guys
have been non-stop in the comments like
very spring back to eat time so today we
are bringing back deep fryer first
episode is going to be dominoes dominoes
pizza everyone favorite pizza got a few
special things today usually we do the
old um we do about three things from
each then you're through cheating some
dominoes have a look first up we've got
classic margherita pizza
what was your favorite when you have
Dominic's back in the day or me what's
it called the meat one meat lovers is
equal to meet that was at Pizza Hut
meets East Memphis are smashing EP oh
there we go cheese garlic bread more
smells also made and then the third
thing we've got all that looks
interesting is a chocolate pieces
dessert you should not sure about that
look very fake so all very bready isn't
it it's very common you're it worried
because we have known as in a while it's
obviously a big fire safety hazard so
don't think about the inside we have got
the fire brigade on cool AJ Marcus with
a fire extinguisher
it's really prank tada new one day with
measures I would handle my notice if you
did that would we also got the batter
mix the private Amex at the ready which
really flopping things into also have
crying children in the background other
researchers who want it were your
expectations to build it as high
expectations are quite low based on we
have done on time whatever we worried if
I'm being honest feel bit we're doing it
the third time in six months
oh it's deep fried pizza something you
would order it was on the menu
no would you I don't know it's mended it
he has a couple of drink was I would go
through a regular piece over deportees
any day but who knows that's why we
didn't taste that maybe some amazing for
us start with all things ready now and
the light goes off that's ready
get your finger in tester also we were
stupid I remember last time I'm not
dropping things in whereas we can just
put it in there then so we have
everything in place but again you should
have done this on MasterChef Marcus yeah
go with the pizza bus yeah sure all
right slice pizza in you go get that
swelled in there completing covers those
goods to be honest that is pretty good
and then right we just give it a go you
never I'm a bit nervous
so place it in if it doesn't get stuck
like last time won't get stuck with that
find out I'll try to get know if you
missed this Oh stuff it down hey that's
better
good when it floats is enough everyone
has a floater
that is healthy in that let's just have
a look at that healthy if you brought
out a cookbook would you have all these
recipes in there who like a deep-fried
cooper guys give the video a thumbs up
your on deep I could work for their food
granite Bagwell for my excess oil off
boom number one so these have to cool ah
jacket I got all the old garlic bread
some on slice right in bold
the fact is much better is enough yeah
plant there you go
very big pork instead let's waiting sir
yep just be a man and you're finding
y'all beautifully iving the pizza will
be amazing
very hot all right here we go we're
going to cut the pieces open
Alex will search in damage it's very dry
this cook-off the growl or chipping is
going to be the best night of those
through the clock the chocolate is going
to be a bit funny track work boggling
and inside those rank it does it like so
you get some a fish and chip shop both
sort of a pizza or this just bread with
Nutella on top of that so it feels like
literally bread with nothing on top
they cream underneath I just know me
right yes all right can you go down oh
oh oh
misery pretty horrible all that looks
because there we go hey is my job
I got a judge original shravana yeah I
donated chocolate can stay holding it
down bit so that it kind of gets bit
farmer maybe just being mad thank God
chicken y'all like you see that now you
always going on oil just squirt it out
on top where sound very far back there
if you can see how far away I am but
that is going off demented why is it
leaking deep fried cut very easily right
he threw out to then yeah choco pizza
it's going to be boiling smells good
that's not very good is right I try and
cut it off it's hot we evolved nothing
ever looks good deep right does it
others discussed it but so add a subway
meatball one a good deep fried remember
it's all like juicy boiling you happy to
be doing this again so you can see we
have our array of items I'm going to
first try the pizza deep-fried I am
quite lightly the puppy but that's risky
can't a show you if I can just taste the
pieces a growing movement that needs to
be a thing or that wasn't happen I'm not
sure about the cheesy garlic bread
although it does look very delicious now
it's best when you leave the oil to dry
out of that usually performed on the
videos you've just gone straight in that
was reason to hesitate of the cheese
straight away now what the batter
involved not so good but garlic bread
with cheese should be eaten on its own
not deep fried still host goodbye going
to taste the batter now and last but not
least I'm not sure I'm looking forward
to this one so futile loser chocolate
hunt gone and live that feeling a little
bit more chocolatey through the top you
know Rhodri no slow or or I think the
hint of tops
onami endless abyss so what I'm with
this the oil just went in so the whole
bread is just a little loaded with what
right well there we go welcome back to
deep fryer with markers or will it be
price than what we're going yet bye hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did smash the
thumbs up on last known points what we
should try next because we're going to
continue this series and I'll see you
guys tomorrow in our video
