good morning I've woken up feeling a
tiny bit like nothing as bad as
important in Bob I've got a meeting this
morning so I'm hanging out ready for
that I slept really well I didn't want
to wake up with my alarm went off I
think Barcelona killed me a bit just
from being so tired and stuff but yeah
I'm heading off that meeting and I'm
going to come home and look after you
it's moving down the body that's not
good you wanted to be out of your chest
so I would have taken my vlogging camera
with me I left home so that's that's
that we're heading off to get some food
shopping because we don't really have
much stuff and we're gonna get some
honey and stuff
as I sense that
very
by the tiniest bell this tight-knit is
when you might have to look after me
instead
this isn't for you it's nothing for me
because you're a college placer also
look what you've got yeah
know who's got a spider dad says hi son
look at this your name is car so her
chat is they're quite comfortable but
they're quite sporadic so lazy when you
have to get in the back seat you push
this button down and her J goes all over
the place no I like it because like you
can be lying here like this and that can
be like three two one gonna lie down in
the car back up and it's quite cool but
have one of the babes me bounce ball it
is food making time mins has just made
some homemade granola yeah
yes of well you can just cook I'm gonna
die she does look so good smells even
better yeah
and we are going to make some soup for
lunch makes it baby I'm gonna make soup
with you so you stage one of the process
for this raw tomato soup that I'm
cooking is just chop your tomato so I've
chopped these because I'm making this
for - I need basically two cups worth of
tomatoes so that's one and that's going
straight into the nutribullet you guys
can use any other high speed blender but
I use an interpreter and not sponsored
by them but there's a link to the
nutribullet in my description if you've
always wanted to know how much they are
where you can get them so just thought
I'd put that in there yeah going to I
off cashews game what's next mochi so it
says 1/2 TSP of C so well I thought we'd
put some of all Himalayan we love that
yeah pink Himalayan salt it's pure from
the Himalayan mountains no slavery it's
all going on the next thing I'm putting
in is two garlic cloves just like that
plop them in there okay that is all now
in the lid now I have to just blend that
up and blend that now
these
that's pour this into here what does it
smell like it smells very catchy we roll
oh it smells good it smells like
gazpacho I reckon that's how you're
meant to have it from the rest of you
there's no code
yeah but the fall of college suit makes
me feel a bit sick I love gazpacho Oh
what do you not like the spatula even in
this thing hmm so then add the rest here
tomatoes and slowly cook to make it warm
and blend those Tomatoes I will they
stay whole and drunky would you join
that stay on that nice well my recipe
anyway just staring in the coconuts that
actually smells I can't describe how
good that smells I've just added some
seasoning so I'm putting some pepper in
here I've got those tomatoes in there
I'm just slowly mixing that around till
it comes warm and it should be ready
what I'm gonna do is garnish it with
some basil so I'm gonna rip fresh back
up here into tiny pieces then put it in
there and then I'm gonna finally top off
with some pine nuts and then I should be
ready to eat and there we go I've
sprinkled pine nuts in there and I've
topped it with a little bit of basil
soup is served
I have no idea what's gonna taste like
when I take over the table let it cool
down and then dive right in
do you think so delicious I'm not just
saying that I should get mmm I haven't
tried it yet it tastes so creamy though
that yeah that's really nice named Zeus
made us some honey tea is it hot come up
drink yes what is it - oh that's I mean
was it move honey no yeah with ten plus
oh yes that's good yes I'm about to try
this oh that is good
I'm really really nice this could be
like in a restaurant so good oh my god I
genuinely so much better than I thought
it would taste I'm gonna expect you to
make this all the time now
even if I'm not old oh my god this is
actually like life changer this is
life-changing guys
that's what you did know
I am heading to
Alfredo's to film some gaming videos I
know so I'm gonna give him his birthday
present because we've had it for so long
and it's at right next to me but we just
haven't seen him because both of us have
been so busy so I'm gonna give him the
birthday present and yeah I'm gonna go
and film a bunch of gaming stuff for
there ma this kid somehow or just beat
me a fever loss at b4 to Alfea I'm good
I love all people I've like 20 shots
near to fight for them on target and
went in that's where the map is such a
knob on him see cuz your window buttoned
years of our fees and we're just some
some gaming stuff we're about to play
some more in his channel and then he's
gonna open his present present so you're
just pin it finished over like six
videos how's the tour generally over
I've got present here for our feet up on
his birthday and he lost one of his
favorite things is opening a prison so
like in front of people huh
no Alfie's exactly sends me I basically
hate having the attention on me like
when it's birthdays and you have to open
presents in front of people and stuff
last night there'd be like everyone
around me singing happy birthday yeah
i'll it used to be like guys no please
don't
so I was like oh I'll feed so he's going
lovely present from him Navy
open on the blog or you can go first
which one should I go for fast maybe
that
all right as long as I can oh yeah look
at the card fast and it's Mellish
posture mother go support your let's
call it really really resembles you
why thank you
not they confetti in there definitely me
that that wrap these I'm unreal of
wrapping non so why you wrapped like a
cheetah overall really both get you did
it this way when we saw it I hope you
die
hello wait do you alone first
you can't go so that's a wire okay it's
not very interesting your wire all right
any ideas this one says no what a wire
you probably knew that Zoe Zoe knows
what it is I'm not sure if it's the
Susan a yeah I know what it is there you
know that's cold
under the videos the only annoying is
they didn't have capitals where I am but
thank you we still only like oh it's
pretty cool
that's it then I can put it in the
background with my videos hope you're a
blankie likes it
I do thank you very much thank you very
and me I'm gonna go home now and I'm
gonna cook for me and names okay so I
tempted to make dinner just on the spot
from like left
no can a recipe have no idea what I've
made Rudy and I don't know if it's even
gonna taste nice it's like a staff right
thing with sweet potato and veg and
tomatoey stuff and NIMS is trying it now
and I don't think it's gonna be very
good very spicy isn't it not very good
though no it's good
no he's so good at cooking like on the
spot and stuff my absolutely suck at it
inspire me three good at cooking guys
I'm so excited look what's come through
the post I got those whilst I was away
and yeah me and I'm you're gonna can't
see Ed Sheeran in literally like a
couple of weeks or something so I'm so
excited that ed Sheeran is one of my
favorite musicians and I've wanted to
see him live for so long now me seeing
him live at a festival thing which is
that you need I've never ever ever seen
him live and he's like top my list so
I'm super super excited for that and
just for you to bed I am sorting out
transferring files so I'm doing Sims
stuff because obviously I'm not my
gaming channel I need to start showing
everything out so first of all starting
with Sims I'm transferring up from bar
by bar and yeah then the editing process
begins and we start the channel very
very soon so yeah let me know if you
guys are excited for that channel also I
want to know who's gonna go and
subscribe to it from this channel so
thumbs up the video if you're gonna go
and subscribe to it or comment below
something like that to let me know if
you're excited for it or you're gonna go
over and subscribe to it so that's that
I also when Liars in Barcelona and when
you computer game Bom Bom Bom Bom Bom so
tomorrow morning before me and I'm you
go up to London I'm gonna hopefully get
that up and run in
what else is there I just need to
tomorrow morning I just want to sort
this office out I have lots of stuff
like on my desk and just it's a bit wire
and my files did not so it properly so I
want to try and sort all that kind of
stuff out before going to London so
we're going to London because we've got
a very exciting shoot that's happening
and then we're staying anonymous down at
Tanya and Jim's I don't own you always
because you can see it tomorrow I feel
like I had some yes to share with you as
well but I can't remember again out
remember no I can't remember so yeah I
will see you guys tomorrow you're gonna
finish this book here because it's late
and I need to get some sleep and yeah Oh
see you tomorrow bye
