hello to a cold I'm soaking wet
Barcelona look at the weather today
we've broken up and we found out that
when we thunderstorms all day today and
all day tomorrow right yeah my eyes up
yeah they've chosen great out out out
where for the day good little umbrella I
actually will sent upon Bordeaux rainbow
but I don't know why my shorts either ya
see one of the only people in short and
we're going to try and explore some of
the sites in yesterday like the top of
it profit Walter stuff at that so we're
just going to go for lunch now Ron
cool
a good day
I caved and got an umbrella I've had to
this i'm soaked through this already tap
us so if i just got the one sailor oh oh
my Dave that looks so good and I
happened that actually looks so good you
say only one
oh my goodness says we got pilot to
share with chicken skewer sure it was so
good i had a couple I'm so full I can't
really move right now we just had so
much food and our lock it stop for
anyone the whole hour are very much as
soon as you come back out is China now
but look at these back streets pretty
cool
feel like we're better
oh yeah yeah yeah funny get mom brother
off is it true but stopped storming
learn shores wealthy unlike the app so
you said go look at the rain down there
getting the floor
really great fun John's Barcelona hey
but the art school now I've found
something cool she won't know it is just
you know let's stop rainin find them
this is a weird thing about Sony you can
move from one road where is so quiet and
nothing's on it one road across in fact
the most buzzing vibrant thin but oh my
god guys look at the piles of ice cream
there that is absolutely ridiculous
gothic quarter and what I've gathered
that verifies I think from like Roman
times may be so all the buildings are
really really really cool a pretty cool
I'm David on to the cathedral you're
going to find a cathedral
that's the one we're just hiding from
the rain that's it under it's absolutely
gianormous we're gonna try go inside
safety pen
communist team face I wanted to is like
it's pretty cute in your face I've read
about this place king
che che
it's really cute
the menus basically they give you a
different type of t0 righty your way to
throw this white tea green tea oolong
tea something like every single type of
tea so tells you why that cheese good so
your white tea here and you've got a
whole list of different White T's then
it's like green tea certainly not teen
specialist they just were you gonna get
you can three but until we got a little
person I went from
pour into that second TV to achieve even
at work 30 years before so after that
amazing tea place we came back to the
place I was staying and just chilled for
the last couple of hours really because
mainly the weather too we were tired and
we just wanted a bit of chill time but
anyway we have got ready and we are
heading where we going port Olympia
Olympia poor Dave just not because we're
gonna go grab dinner there maybe go to a
casino and have a few drinks seal the
planet just go around not a big mouth
like yeah but not like we're definitely
not there's going to have a big Milan
design combined but yeah we're just
waiting um very taxing then we're gonna
head down there so we're back on the
port Olympia olimpica and it's so dead
compared to last night we were here this
unlocks nine is packed I don't know if
it's because we're early or it's a
sunday or it's raining or big
combination of all three but I also
haven't shown you the player we haven't
got to go here because of the weather
but look at the beach it's so like big
and cool and what fathom
yeah we're trying to find from dinner
very going to go for dinner we came to
this place called sea dlc and it looks
really good vibes
yeah we came to pacha from drink
animoves free cool I undercooked our
written document look how far away days
sat as well I don't know if you can hear
me for the music but we got like your
lounge soap things pretty big so we are
now heading off to casino to trial up at
winning some money I've never won in a
casino that's my odds you love the
casino today because they love the GU
casino lie on the other hand never never
come out the scene on top probably only
been about six or seven times never ever
ever be successful but I think tonight
is gonna be the night you feel it's
gonna be the night for me Dave that's
probably knows that yeah so my night
answer the casino was very bloody
unsuccessful because of course I have
never won a casino so why do I think
it'd be a good idea to go to the finger
driveway what I think I'd be good idea
Dave okay no idea if I can you say it
was my dick so I was feeling it i
thought was going to be great it was
indeed won i won deff command top I
didn't so that's that's just if anything
it's reemphasized my hatred towards
casinos
because I never will never bloody room
and now I'm going to drown my sorrows in
sleep from my casino loss yeah they're
just depress me casinos but yeah also I
read through the clients from the
broadcast and you guys seem to think
that this camera was so much better than
my old one in terms of sound and quality
and folks and wants of some super happy
about that glad I chose the right one um
but yeah I'm gonna go to bed so thumbs
up the video enjoy day and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
