all day I'm going to Barcelona yeah
lemma davitz it's nice and early in the
morning but um yeah I'm going to pass
ona so I will see you guys in Barcelona
kinda buying them Bob I'm gonna miss you
hello David Marcus without you oh yeah
I'm good
I had a shocking start to the trip so
far going through passport you know you
go go through security pokey things for
new machine good my camera in my
back pocket think it's in my back pocket
yet slips and it's like the top of it is
literally hanging off my blogging camera
is hanging off so I have no idea if it's
gonna work that's why I'm kind of
testing out see what's gonna be like and
because it was so early
we've got so much time to kill Dave pick
me up so early
alright they didn't really it was just
like super smooth through but we got
coffee and now we're just gonna chill I
went and bought a new camera which is of
this one one it is guys this is my
camera situation right now
look when I dropped this littering
militare in there
flash wine come on it's just completely
dropped on the floor and this up
anyone
test yourself on piano
we have made it to Barcelona vision
think of the weather Dave not named
sunny it's not as hot as a book a bit we
are at jumping car and haven't told you
we're going to Barcelona game we're just
probably the number one thing I wanted
to do so we've got about three hours
we've gotta find a hotel
dump our stuff then get to the station
station get to the stadium ASAP we're in
the centre of Barcelona less frankness
ramblas that was rambling something we
dropped off in the world I don't know I
can do that we're looking for science
yet three
some quick food and then we're gonna
head to the game it's very buzzin city
so far looks first beer of Barcelona day
cheers Cheers
so we just had some food and now we're
trying to find
the tram was the length yet since they
again you guy that that's not often
notice that there's a crown or something
so we're gonna find out how to get me
back
we made it on the metro we found our way
got three day parts Unlimited where we
can go and we have no idea where we're
going but I'm just following live masses
of Barcelona t-shirts to chemical new
I'm in es para stop
I'm really looking for that
Suarez like Suarez had to be done you
know seeing local fan formula per player
is horrible
we're on our way in
okay so we've walked into four different
entrances trying to get into our game
and run up we breathe up there we've
moved on the whole other side of the
stadium we spoke once before they're
asking
it's over there better actually be here
sweating out just Mook it
that's the 164 you ready Dave yeah this
is the one
we're there we're down there somewhere
look how close go oh my god
Barcelona ended up winning six nil and
they might have tricked Messi got two
goals and Suarez is fans he bit someone
so you can't player we just had dinner
over there and we found this really cool
square I don't know what it's cool
they're like let's round but since I'm
angry it's pretty funky doodle
but we're gonna go out the boys are
gonna go out tomorrow midday yeah that
mouth that's with just the two of us now
we're gonna go back to where we're
staying have a few drinks and then
explore Barcelona nightlife rights where
I'm staying there is this rope of them
that goes all the way up here okay so
we've just got the stuff with my boss
tisha and I've got the stuff here and
we're near the top so I thought it'd be
fun to go ahead and use that as a want
to show you guys select this is it
careful that's it there okay that is our
stuff down here
I take that slowly now it's my turn
don't hit them beat you know I've been
filming off this camera all day I
haven't looked at the footage off of
this camera yet so I don't know whether
this camera is better than the camera
before but all I had to do was get a
replacement because my camera my
previous camera was well I just saw was
literally hanging on the edge of its
life obviously I lost all I've seen this
when it's in the Edit but I haven't seen
as of yet so let me know what you guys
think I can't hear either I haven't
listened to one single clip since I've
been recording on hey so for all I know
the sound could be shocking but let me
know what you guys think what's the
difference between this camera that I've
been using today and the camera that
you're used to I'd love to know what the
viewers think it also I will really girl
the Polka and I really give them fulfill
we're probably gonna see who this
tomorrow by I'm so gonna film some
tonight there's another thing coming up
in a minute
so it's cool palm trees I feel like I'm
in LA
