it's super again
I've left I'm in October but I'm not for
another shoot thing another old issues
it's it's amazing
basically I'm not sure what I can tell
you now they've got a call from outside
something a grandpa I need to get some
food and likes and needs to another
coffee would be great
I slept like an absolute last night on
set just got hella it's a really cool
location got boat
pretty cool so unfortunately I can't
show you anything that I'm doing today
or even its surroundings so I can't find
this black curtain but I am having so
much fun doing this video and what I'm
doing it's like honestly one of the most
fun shoots I've ever done I'm only two
hours then it's put it this way it's
taking me back to like it's bringing
about loads of memories from a nice
young girl and I'm just having the world
of fun doing it like oh I wish I could
show you and I can show you literally
you will see this video on my channel
and maybe two weeks but there's camera
people here we don't slow my stuff so we
obviously need to edit and make it look
nice but you will see that on my channel
very soon so it's not one of those
things where I'm like oh I'm at the
thing I can tell you about 100% but we
will tell you about and you cannot even
tell you about you'll see it very very
soon but I just wanted to vlog now to
share my excitement of how fun it is so
halfway through the day just broke work
had a break for lunch and even though
like I said I can show you I literally
can't show you anything from this shoot
I'm not I'm just not allowed to yet
because as soon as I show you already
give it away but honestly this has been
like probably the one of if not the
funnest shoot I've been on so far just
because it's so good I need some saying
it's because I feel like you're gonna
get annoyed from the saying but yeah my
hair if any of ninety advice if you want
anything it's something quite it will do
this to my hair but that I also we're
gonna say I need to put some more gel on
my hair
we are getting on pot too so I'm just in
a car on my way back to I don't know
you're good you're good you're good on
the way to the station house you can
pull these hell for my face I'm very
very very warm but I honestly honestly
honestly and I don't keep saying one of
the funnest days of my life regardless
of the fact that was a shoot then I had
so much fun and I cannot wait to share
the video be I don't know time sat on it
yet maybe within the next two weeks but
it will be on this channel and it was
so so so I'm back home I've just eaten
and I look like tonigh me and I was like
oh what's that
where's that and I was like oh it's not
coming off Hey
yeah you're sans pain and I was like oh
he painted and she goes oh go look in
your office and I was like what have you
done to the office and Luke Jackson
picked up the camera and she's saying
she's painted a wall white I think
you're lying
no he didn't he did it
I mean you've painted one of those
drawers you know what once the door I
didn't believe you
look painting I have Marky
in your face yeah don't see it my house
this that you've laid out where did you
get that from Janata primaries yes I
haven't painted it yet this is just a
primer on where'd you actually put tape
on 18 do you think you're King you don't
you're a kidney bean amide you've
actually you're painting over there
that's you do realize that's going to
have full-out paint makes hair fall out
serious yeah did you not know that
doesn't think of all the toxins in there
Marcus your hair grease from your scalp
not the bottom yes so it's gonna kill
the ends of those hairs they're dead
anyway no not more from there yes this
is dead you're gonna wake up if you
don't wash it out you're gonna wake up
tomorrow that's gonna the end is gonna
snip off like that dude I need to pack
for battle Lord I'm going through but
the lawn I have some thought pass I'm
gonna my friend Dave we're gonna three
days though so I need to pack and then I
want to have some ice cream and then I
want to have a ball No
you into the piece
oh my there's a hold on a tub or my tub
yep use my hand there's your tub there's
literally nothing in that one
this is mine well the space spins at the
back let's leave them out and you can
help me we're going to have a bath with
zoella only we can have a bother Zoe
it's gonna be a not not ever not Elif
heart no he is like the last one oh I
literally stopped by
actually that's kind of hot now it's
been hot for about two minutes which is
the longest it's ever been is this full
right now but it's not really for that
is quite hot I'm going to put some of
this in from zoella soap opera bar soap
and shower cream even those you know
you ready the other condo Ella oh hang
on okay here we go so Allah and you go
I know these are bubbles guys but it's
not really we got kids as well on
whether it's still warm
the water's warm guys this is a result
so far fingers crossed we're actually
maybe have a successful bar with our
hashtag I don't have it all right why
don't give her around I give up
