it's heavy this morning
it's like core to seven it's pretty
heavy
I'm on the way to London because I've
got an all-day shoe today miss Baalbek
I've done quite a few those in the past
though it's work but we always do crazy
stuff usually so got all day shoot with
them and then straight up that working
strap London birds always pop launched
it's as though he's had hair product in
the pipeline for so long now they sound
like you're partying
fresh food pajama yeah she's having her
launch party tonight for that product
and I haven't actually seen that
products finished in real life so I'm
really excited for that and just to save
room because that would be fun I'm sure
as it usually always a slight change of
outfits I'm now in a suit that's not
even mine I can't really show you how I
can show you and I'm in a field
literally a fear of life this is I've
got to wear late that look that to try
on outfits
oh my god
Olli how's it going just see it up in a
car or in a car right now and we've got
like a whole crew come here your camera
oh this is nice Oh what good guys
there's ambulance here for our health
and safety that is okay crash I died
hello mister ambulance man that's crazy
insane that was the most insane thing
ever like we were just busy driving
through fields bike driving through the
sorry that we live just drive straight
through that
it's just things like oh my god where
are we going oh my god watch your head
were in the thornbush just hit in that
window so you just finished filming one
setting in our suits cool down there in
that car and now we'll stick this on
that's gonna look good isn't it
really good yeah literally this is a
proper FML moment right now
this is my current of out there right
now so yeah I look great this is Rudy
not revealing ever looks great when you
may love you trainers this is the worst
of everyone literally want to kill
myself
I haven't seen any of the footage that
was filmed and what you're gonna have
seen yet but that was in a current my
mind is all over the place right now
as you can see on rats are the battery
died guys has changed but I was saying
we all cover the heads throat and mother
I don't know what you can see my feet I
might as well not even wearing shoes
right now okay so the day has come to an
end has been so intense and so fun and
then so cold and muddy come showered or
changed and now we're in a rush go go
straight up to London because Zoe's so
the beauty starts in an hour and a half
but obviously I need to go to my hotel
first and shower that's ASAP just so I
can freshen up and stuff so it's like
major rush rush rush but today was
really fun and you guys will be able to
the video soon I've logged in so long
well not so long just a while but I'm
now in London with this one and look how
pretty she looks you look so nice should
show off your outfit oh this is what
we're wearing I didn't show us can't
really see us Oh see I didn't really
explain why we were in London why I did
briefly but it's the launch of Zoe's
products and you guys have probably seen
them all now she's doing so out of
beauty and she's doing like candles and
bath bombs and lotions and potions
and all that kind of cool stuff so it's
her launch event and I think everyone's
gonna be there and we're just gonna go
and celebrate with her because it's such
a cool thing she's absolutely smashing
in that girl like 6 million subscribers
book coming out products she's on
another level isn't she yeah and this
lights were so bright but yeah we're on
our way there now so Ella Beauty were
here
what do you think of it so far
we birthed in Belleville
those feels nice in their life
Hey look his home actually
now that we guys
hey guys so we have just got back to the
hotel I have done I've done it and I can
say that I am so tired right now being
up at 6:00 and then doing that crazy
like 10 hours shoot and then rushing up
to London changing and going so he's
very very tired but I've got over that
again tomorrow so I need to get some
sleep but I thought like zoella beauty
bag
I'm guessing it's going to be some of
the products we have got zoella soap
soap opera bath soap shower cream yum
yum yum well in here so Ella Beauty how
I might start using this is I have my
stuff's better I actually really like
this one thing this is my favorite one
and I got a perfume I got very grunts
body myths
oh the fizz is cool
what's that you've got the bath stuff
oh that's very nice oh hey did you only
get two things to it the same mmm in
your eye
Oh me smell women same no that's the
boss tomorrow
do not eat dirt bath tomorrow you know I
think
break off okay yeah save some it feels
like a chocolate bar almost okay well um
yeah I'm gonna end this book here so I
need to get some sleep so I hope you
enjoyed it give it a big thumbs up if
you did and I will see you guys tomorrow
yeah
