good morning the hello everybody how are
you doing today I've got lots of stuff
going on that requires me to be in the
house I've got like I've got some
deliveries come in so I've got to be
here we've got a mantel fix or door
so we've got to be here but someone's
come to pick up my broken computer so I
have to be here and these were happening
throughout the day
buh-buh-bah I'm actually officially
starting filming my gaming channel stuff
today right now today is happening and
jimbob's coming down Jim's coming down
from London for the day just to hang out
he was like oh I'm free does anyone want
hang out I was like what I've got to
stay at home all day so if you want to
come hang out you're more than welcome
to and you might even play some gaming
stuff with me so that very good and look
at this
Alfie's little book they were like four
of these now so I'm on the way to go
pick up Jim Bob get out Jim Bob
Jimbo Jim Jim Bobby Jim bah bah bah bah
bah bah I'm gonna pick up Jim because
he's coming down to just hang out and
maybe help some gaming stuff and we're
gonna grab some lunch and yeah hopefully
just have a bit of fun look who I found
I found Jim I just don't like him that's
yours
Jim's got a new habit of smoking if you
had a cigarette in your mouth and maybe
a chain on ya
it'll prove rough form all right now
I've bought Jim so I picked him up my
boy here Shankman where me and Alfred
came Follette the lunch date the other
day because we loved it so much we can
take but I don't rush to do that now
because I said we've got so many
packages at home Amy's at home so I'm
getting something there as well and then
we're gonna go back and we're gonna make
babies one of the games that we're gonna
play is kind of like that yeah so then
we're gonna go play some games so we
have now just had lunch today really how
many deliveries Jeff we've had so far
five so far and we've still literally
it's gone up three times in the last
five minutes
hello yeah I do
okay there's another one this is the one
to pick up my broken member Tokita my
Mac Pro came and it was broken so it was
a hardware fault so they've had to
return it and it's going to take another
month to get my new on now we have way
more than five all right we've had seven
seven already and we've got some weird
thing here sucking on brother
Oh what is that look at that look
she's such a baby
your refried bean you need to drop some
of the watts and wait till December yeah
yeah what kind of height your refried
beans
it's like December the 23rd anew we
don't know I'm really good when I was in
Sonia I thought lying early because I
reckon I stopped buying in November
usually yeah just no one buys in
September I got something else for the
post today which I'm not sure what it is
yet some open tip I'm pretty sure what
it is so I'm gonna show you I'm not sure
if you can even see me right now guys
but I think this is my Seventeen
magazine copy Seventeen magazine is from
the US and yeah that's it
it's often a huge magazine how cool is
that with Bethany motor on the front and
who else on the front Zoe's on the front
Shane Dawson it's not focusing Michelle
Phan and missglamorazzi but I think we
are in here somewhere where are we oh
look there's Tyler
Ingrid Swan your favorite people okay
yeah the funny girls all that they've
fooled everyone something YouTube hot
nest oh look at that
there's Janoskians Zoe staying on top of
an I got Tyler down there when you watch
that first like these superstars are
speaking to you from cracking you up to
giving the best makeup tricks they
totally make your life better now it's
time to give them the props they deserve
I think this magazine is quite a big
thing in the US if you're from the US is
this is this Seventeen magazine is it
like huge I think it's pretty big Dale
let's say I'm a big deal I'm just got to
me yet Jenniskens bethany mota covergirl
oh my gosh you're so different there
wait is that her is that Bethany yeah
yeah oh my god she looks so different
there can't get to that yet wow they
have done a lot of like youtubers well
not a lot of you choose but like a big
thing well I haven't got to me yet I'm
not important she can't find myself
wait what this is they dressed me and
everything I guess look yeah they said
it's the new fashion trends whatever
that was see see and see alright aren't
they yeah the jeans are mine
everything else is theirs theirs means
Asda bar what does it say truth every
time you hear marks about to say hello
it mounts your heart a lot okay a little
okay a lot add in the fact you can keep
UN same today's scene with helium a
dressing up like Katy Perry and it's no
wonder his meet and greets sellout
auditoriums wow that's pretty cool
thanks for the future guys I love being
in magazines like that it's just kind of
cool let me know if you guys have seen
that you random clip going in the vlog
because I'm actually filming this the
next day in the future kind of basically
just really really quick clip to tell
you that because the pink beanies on my
store went out literally in the first
day they sold out in the first day
they're limited edition I'm going to
bring out an extra
200 limited edition so they're back on
store now and you can go and get them
but like I said these are literally
limited edition I didn't realize that
many of you were keen for a pink beanie
so if you want to get it yet now's your
chance
otherwise the sale on the store 25% off
everything you've only got 48 hours left
until prices go back up so if you want
to get something now would be a chance
Mark's bottle shop to come I leave the
link they're back to normal vlog guys
this sounds so sad bar back doors
benefit it was a it was the would hood
like come out and started very missed it
and she's opened it it's a miracle
alright yeah by names but when we
cooking now it's not summer we're not
really gonna I'm going to set the
firearms off so I'm happy you got to
pull it tight yeah there you go
strong girl yeah alien
I know it's really but I haven't heard
it that's so you anything
Jim was playing xbox then here's like so
try something I was I yeah we just ran
in here and that was it playing the
radio finish my part because I can't my
plan has come for a game of FIFA Marcus
first Jim Jim verse Marcus son verse
I don't know I'm doing this with 35
minutes is playing time and I'm 5 near
lap already so Jim what three minutes
because they're forming it half so Jim
already owes me fief apology and then it
gets a nine Leon if I score it's five
Neil oh no it's more than five goals
I see my score if you score and I don't
score yet but a chance that happening
right and if he gets to nine now GM has
to call up Domino's and apologize for
his loss at FIFA hey no Jimmy boy only
button like a wreck on isn't it surely
baby Oh guys I'm actually so annoyed oh
no that means he can't cool of dominoes
and apologize it might be eight near
actually don't make these I'm gonna
Google this just in case I'm gonna
Google this
bye Jim bye marker and fun hanging out
with you and I'm not going to see you in
a few days
Olga doing in a few days well like in
the end of the week oh yeah Jim's coming
back down
end of the week to hang out for a bit
him and tal and I'm gonna stay around
the novice household but you have fun we
haven't we haven't even up there yet no
you haven't no I think that's very
exciting any breaking your bed it's bad
bad christen it really a punch in the
face we don't do that
but today's been gooood got some gaming
videos filmed and yeah it was just a
good good day it was i leveled you up
two levels you leveled you get me two
levels are never 9 now no just the one I
wanted a higher and your level mine I'm
gonna go back and play some destiny now
so I'm gonna end this bloke here thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I will see you
guys tomorrow
