good morning good morning good morning
it's actually why did I say good morning
it's like 3:00 in the afternoon Anna
this is hung oh I have woken up feeling
very very hungover
because I told you yesterday and I said
Joe and Caspar would be a bad infant he
can keep up with us that's the thing
just like a suggestion I can add in one
night
honestly though I was like lying and
cats was bed for like three hours
I saw them so yeah Caspar bought me
limbs so I actually know eyelid sick
I asked Caspar - and then he hardly - he
was dancing on his video what's your
thoughts on that yes when I tap now
marking up a night out was a big aren't
they they're always be you don't hold
back
it was entertaining you drink beer like
it's water
you reckon beer owes on drinking beer
but no it was a fun night out and yeah
I'm feeling a little better now but we
off to Nando's of course perfect
hangover food with casters vouchers look
at a bunch of I don't know if it's going
to work because it's covered in Avenel
so he got it he got it we're festival
how do you know about that cuz you told
me oh the chip shop yes oh it stinks
from 20 miles away oh no sorry
oh there's a road no I think so there's
local food it's a good chip shop yes a
riff a boat's made a way to none those
we made out made it I'm happy guys look
how much food I got I got that there as
well as that this looks so good let me
try that
no no go away I'm going wild - Molly
mine lots of fruits I've inspired him
for smoothies as you can see he's just
buying lots of fresh fruits and veg
is a change man is trying to lose that
and it's firing in vitamin UAS so me and
Kasper are gonna make these little he
got that were you inspired by me yeah oh
you know my friend my friend from van
does Chris taught me to yelling maybe he
was inspired by me probably uh but yeah
you guys might use this cast we got it
he hasn't used it can I take it off so I
thought I'd teach him how to make some
smoothies
so we went out on board well we see that
that's making my condoms
what we feel honey Dubai we bought lots
of young it's we need that yeah great
Gong it cheek a little bit of sugar I
might add that in I know you said I
shouldn't but I'm basically I'm gonna
make one for me and then I'm gonna show
you Casper no make one for me yeah we'll
make to get no need to say one no cuz I
can't have yoga oh yeah well I make it
whose are we making funds no mine not
okay get one movement spinach yeah
is this spinach man you need your greens
that's right to get those games celery
oh we won't use cucumber nice one
why not because we don't need too much
we don't want too much why don't you
work as for the carer Gusterson capper
you know you don't have too much man let
me see right
but I'm Ross me okay that's what we can
have blueberries
spinach boom cetera banana
some carrot how much - what if I have a
bigger hand than you will be a dude
looks like period blood anyone use a
smaller curve here now Pat you were
going to why would I use this more like
however if you put a small body twister
hey and let go let go let go hey good
there you go
yummy whoa I guess my hater like you
like sir
it's good aliens actually probably is
that really healthy yeah of course
does that make you feel better yeah no
man you feel good I just leave that like
that so now we're gonna make my favorite
smoothie gonna improvise I'm done this
before we've got the raspberries over
here oh you were right about the period
blood
and you will only mention the period
blood
how much oh it's a handful yeah I had
one blueberries yeah half a banana
ha ha I was building well I'm off it's
better when they're more right really
yeah he's right no they're not they're
like quite an offer
yeah doing you on if you want Cara
what's it do Casper loves carrots it's
Casper yes well I guess let stinky cat
Joe doesn't cast a spell car no that's
the very clean way to do it so MA Casper
GE papa so right you're gonna feel still
the character how do I come doesn't know
to cut a carrot let up
this is cuckoo move Casper little
dribble little trouble trouble do a
shape first shaker ooh it look like
trying to make out oh thanks is Jamie
Oliver I'll look at those watches no
this is going to go everywhere
it's your form I was making about these
we're a fun way to see on the floor
Yozora deals you what yeah we put up can
we put celebrate that's illegal
losing Joe again yeah it's top it all
off is gonna have a bit of Greek yogurt
Greek yogurt plain Greek yogurt really
good for you I wish I have it just makes
my tummy go from go that's enough man
just twisted and spit let go that tough
dirty yet I'm reading out of it yeah oh
you did sometimes SEOs do it you own
cheers Cheers bar to help to have a long
life
Brooke me pretty good yeah you're gonna
become up you're gonna become a pro now
you ate all the quinoa you ate all the
cows do amazing no no
what's my setup guys bye bye bye bye bye
literally probably look like death but I
yeah yeah that's gone past me I'm
showered today but back in almost
Brighton and Heritage just go back to my
car what a lovely way to finish off my
day with a lovely lovely parking ticket
a bloody parking ticket not only that
just bloody fifty pounds fifty pounds
for a parking ticket
get a grip ninety pounds if you don't
pay within 14 days great it feels so
good to be back in my house with my amy
is filming she's currently filming right
now yeah I'm filming right now did you
miss me I did missed a year ago you have
fun yeah lots of fun um what was I going
to say oh yeah guys it's crazy how much
of your like buying stuff from the store
right now since the sales been on I
think that's really helped you out so
keep on buying because there's only this
six days left of the sale 25% off all my
stuff so yeah if you want to grab
something now would be your chance but
yeah we I've got a snack over here which
I'm going to have and then we are we're
on our last season now we've moved on
season 5 it's taking our soul of leaving
us by five months five months so but we
go for like two weeks pretty light I'm
watching it so we're going to carry on
that and then my dad's going on quickly
in a bit just to see the flattened socks
he hasn't been run yet so yes I will see
you guys tomorrow
