morning guys
hello um so Trey this chair that we got
look at this share that came through I
heard about months ago and this arms
broken but that was literally hanging
down there to squish that back in cold
storage slot the vlog la I am heading
off to London now because I have got
some meetings we've got a couple of
meetings in London and then I'm going to
join Casper's and going out with them
because it is Jose what is not Joe's
birthday it's the celebration of Joey's
birthday his birthday was couple days
ago but we're gonna celebrate and have
fun and all that stuff and then I'm
gonna crash it there's are you running
around for we are running a bit late
so um forgot my tea again you've got the
biggest habit gonna be pause a tea just
leave it there but I came home yesterday
and there was just one minute buzzes
I've had for three hours and so yeah
that's what's on the agenda today
these waves boss we process your payment
that's one annoying thing when you get
the train in Brighton or icon favorite
eat sometimes because it's like a short
train ride is you have today just a
pocket collar that hitting - Josh seven
like eight pounds which is still
ridiculous I think took part for one day
but that's pocketing them for you
anyway I am there to get the Train down
there somewhere to London yeah
I might also try and add a bit more
music into this vlog just as a little
mix it up kind of thing so let me know
if you like that it can be
I'm off to for some meetings and then
again hair joke
so yeah that kid up there might not have
been probably no have to know especially
my Joe and Caspar they're going to be
bad in time at clean in between meetings
and I've got something very exciting to
share with you so I've been wanting to
this for a while but I only have a
minute just now because we've been
working somehow but I am doing a flash
sale flash sale summer sale no September
sale on my clothing store where for one
week only I'm doing 25 percent of every
single product and there's a limited
edition beanie going up as well and it's
a bright pink vini that there's only
like I think there's only a hundred and
fifteen of them and so when they're gone
they're gone literally they are limited
edition I had them printed a while ago
but didn't know what to do with them but
thought I put them up with this flash
they're 25 cent off every single item
for one week only
so that's the first exciting thing to
tell you if you haven't ever been on
there all you've wanted something but
you can't quite get it now would be the
time to get it so link in the
description I want to go to my tobacco
shop calm and so hopefully that can help
some of you guys out with traditional
bite here but been hitching where that's
coming from second element loads of
people might have thought it was
cushions but my cushions are still
they're still spinning stuff sorted out
with them so they shouldn't be too far
around the corner but for the meantime I
hope the serve and help you out so yeah
go get something on the store but I'm
now even clean and on my way to
I suppose well thing you know just like
drink answer should be fine should be
burn I'm really hungry cuz I need to
grab a snack first
so I'm now in the Jasper household happy
belated birthday Josephine it's my best
love the Hat
all the best well the West is gonna have
a lovely night tonight Casper's working
his ass off in his pajamas he's working
very hard on his new video which is
you've probably seen by now and we're
just playing a bit FIFA Joe is actually
losing right now I'd better ah Joe you
can use our way and yeah we're gonna be
going out late are you so drunk tonight
I already a pre-approve every uproot a
preborn the things might get a take a
turn for the worst and yeah it's gonna
be like around in a minute so it should
be loads of fun it's like everywhere
it's fine it's fine
coming or Joe you're right sorry I
thought you're the king of Pizza
I man I Papa for the
chicks you know it's three one two
annoyed about what okay be together
Joe is does a cylinder you can load vlog
you is pretend he's your new haven't
even vlog it means I'm so caught up with
myself and yeah I can beat you slug you
losing todo has like camera it's story
is so yeah I love make the noise
let's go Marxist nose looks like maybe
maybe that's a bad angle let's your
Martinez exploit so I know right now
we're race day you have to down the
drinking it one is Casper on ubers Joshi
Oh
Oh
Hey
Oh
his name is John bajamas there he is
letting English observers Prince is not
broke no Baba with Pam I already had all
my Hawaiian pizza to be called
white mine we go by voice of God my son
call my son
