good morning hello it's nice and super
early and everything like that I'm off
to the park to go and train with my
trainer Germain we used to old school
back in the day dude loads of training
in the park that's used to where a train
is to run and that's where I started
like losing like weight and stuff so we
ought to do some calisthenics training
which is all like bodyweight stuff and
pull-ups and just some cool stuff like
handstands on that stuff so I'm off
there I don't really know what I look
like I just shot this on I was like see
I'm on the way there I might show you
some stuff might not put it all right so
this is how I've been trying to work on
for like a while I haven't done it in a
while though but Jemaine the trainer is
gonna show you this is a muscle up this
is what I really want now look how
smooth that is
that's like one of the hardest
bodyweight moves that still going in the
background and I'm trying I can't quite
get it yet
one with eyford and we are there is
we're going for lunch quickly before we
start filming some videos and he's told
me how good this cafe place is something
check out so it's like look at this guys
I'm already loving this place that
hopefully brought me - it's called cafe
drew booth and they've already got like
super helpful smoothies with really good
coffee even Steve really must be was
like this is good so this is the salad
I'm brilliant idea
Alfie's also looks equally amazing this
little bit off and they're gonna lick
that gonna be really strong
I write Alfie I did or you could start a
trend line just one side it's not a
trend I'm a photo silent decision my
toilet more shape turn me on I yeah so I
have just come to Alfie zap because we
are gonna film some gaming stuff he has
told me that there's some horror thing
that we're filming so not looking too
forward to that and if we've got time
we're gonna start filming some stuff
mine maybe and some other just random
stuff so yeah that's what we have gone
do I've also just helped to help feed
back his computer up because he's got so
much rubbish on his computer so I've
just spent a while clearing in and out
backed out of him just one side it would
reveal oh well you should keep that
what's it called handlebars chinstrap
all the way down I think that'd be a
good look so just to keep you updated we
have spent the last two hours
more than that more than that
turn us out what I'm saying how happy
are you right now
I spent five hundred and fifty pounds on
this damn fine even get it to work you
look let me rinse my board I wish I was
so yeah we don't really know what is
going on right now
we tried multiple different computers
different platforms different bits of
energy Torrio's three different
computers not good so right now our
stress there was the like okay they need
to be down there so that ended up being
three and a half hours and again I
sorted me and Jim Bob on our food shop
and my mom's going around not for dinner
much just around for some tea I think
that Chuck in a bit but we need to do
are like regular food shop so we're just
going off fresh veggies in so far
tonight we're gonna do the perfect stir
from delicious the other part is that
watch my video
is that all that we had the other night
though it was so good I think I might've
even blogged it was so good so we're
gonna head back against mine but I'm now
here having a lovely cup of tea from
Blue Bird tifo which is where we went
the other day where I showed you the
book yesterday we've got those smoothies
and now mother is here hello mother
how are you did have you missed me yeah
yeah I do actually have something for
you though I have a present for you I
have so it'd be nice if you type now on
camera I think that's the right one do
you know if that's the right one no me I
got it from a P from Greece don't
usually get presents but I thought this
one have a guess have a yes Baba yet do
you know
I don't know if you like it might not
like it you can get fake reaction I
can't remember what it looks like I'm
doing my baby on this it's the tea too
hot to drink
I'm really bad when it comes to hot
drinks that like burns with my mouth
yeah mom just literally pause the kettle
in the drink and then she's like ah she
might you might as well stand there with
a tea bagging her mouth and just pour
water helpful in your mouth John some
scissors are oh here we go
Christmas it's a little cat no I thought
it was obviously a cat which you love
and also I thought is your kind of like
style should I care Oh take about limb
bob has been cooking some amazing dinner
which we had this a couple of weeks ago
baby we have this before we went to
Santorini jerk now after
before I did churches it was so yummy
this was one actually I do remember that
this is warm and I was assistant chef
and I was doing everything night
unknown assistant chef but I had to call
Apple and speak to them as I can basis
and check that I've been and I've been
what were being I've been a table waiter
I've set the table that's been my job
wipe-on everyone sound as good as Adam
Levine and maroon 5 I love that song
yeah I am probably gonna finish this
vlog here sorry if today's vlog hasn't
been that long I haven't really had that
much to film today so not really sure
how this video is going to have turned
out it might just be a lot of me
rambling and nonsens and stuff so
apologies for that obviously there's
always gonna be days when I can't always
do something or I've been busy doing
other stuff and it may just be a short
to vlog than usual so as long as you
guys are cool with that then that's cool
with me but yeah tomorrow should be a
good day cuz I'm going up to London put
some meetings in London and then I'm
going out for Joe's birthday to
celebrate with him and a bunch of other
peeps so that should be an exciting
night and day so yeah I will see you
beautiful people tomorrow good bye
