hello beautiful sexy people did you hear
that whispering that was legit
paranormal activity just look lies and
shake mom that's making noises
paranormal activity I don't know I'm
making fun of this but today we're going
to be looking at paranal activity I
tweeted the other day follow me on
Twitter at Mars Butler also if you're
new to market the first time you're
watching make sure you subscribe hit the
button just down there we upload daily
here so there's always a new everyday to
come join get involved anyway yeah I
tweeted out the other day saying is
there an it haven't done which you guys
would like to see it's always value your
opinion I'd kill you guys think and
someone suggested react to Paranormal
Activity videos because I feel like
they're really like in right now there's
a lot of people milking that thing right
now so I thought we'd have a little look
at some examples or some that might seem
actually legit and talk about that and
I'd love to know your opinion on
paranormal activity and then ones that
are just utter wank did you think of the
fringe fringe lip rocking that look
would you say or no first video Michael
D Magee the best paranormal activity
videos caught on tape mmm collection of
videos compilation so let's have a look
eight and a half million views
let's just I've got this really
pessimistic pessimistic doesn't make
sense
I'm really skeptical about this stuff
just because I do kind of believe in
ghosts because I've had ghost
experiences and we actually talk about
on the podcast one time so if you
haven't it that podcast this top line of
the description go check it out as an
episode we talk about ghost it that just
doesn't look that real to me the way
that shares moving and then the door I
think I just
it all looks very like digital and it's
always in a dark room why is nothing
ever you'll never be you can't believe
vision something following in selection
the best panel activity captioned
between 2010 and 2015 with my shit
fringe wait come here for you it wasn't
me okay I'll get out okay see my only
issue of that is like it could be faint
because it could have invisible string
tied to it and someone could be kind of
the other in the room and just pulling
it that hundred percent could be
happening and I'm leaning more towards
that right now I don't know if that yes
that's just my opinion
same with that the fridge open and
yeah same of me again
that could be invisible strength
and if there
what I'll say it was you
campaigns shot would you not be more
freaks out is there anybody dad
what we're looking at up that could be
anything a beam of light I'm not that I
don't believe that when it's the whole
orb camp but I heard that was weird
that was weird or all he's just like
really cleverly kind of doing
split-screen stuff you know you could
film two sides have a nice straight
screen down the middle I'm skipping the
things have you shifted it before it's
never just thrown it like that it
doesn't look like fun in a lot of
concern does he that little lip movement
then again I could be being very harsh
it could be being very skeptical I know
that that's just how I'm coming into
this other some things I'm saying do the
legit real to me so give them some slack
I mean it's very cool the whole thing's
like proper Paranormal Activity the
films of his stuff and a version that
you maybe feel a bit weird
don't knock on the floor fuck I'm
getting quite into this no no no your
name is I'll show you stuff um
I don't know it's so hard I just feel
like you would be so much more scared
than that if that was happening look
when he first comes up this could easily
be someone in the house right he goes
right the thing moves right but he
doesn't really show the right side of
the room properly start showing the left
side and then he's turning and whilst
utang whatever that was there because
have now being setting up to move away
easily very weird and you too because
there's so much fake stuff out there
that you just see it's always like with
pranks now and someone's doing a prank
it's like people always immediately
trying to assume they're fake I'm unsure
on that some stuff I'm like okay some
stuff I am NOT with what is your opinion
on that that's just the first thing we
looked at it has to be kind of the most
realistic stuff I've ever seen though so
I'll give him that
okay I think it's quite good in English
so or British most authentic ghost
footage of all time is the next clip as
they
there now you're my father okay
the only thing this day can be the
motorcycles turning such an old
beginning no he's moving right I just
losses up my bed right there yeah look
look I get those people can't be out of
in a tree I'm sorry I don't believe that
at all the quality of that camera you
can have people just dressing all in
black and just have like a white lab
coat on and sort of pulling it around at
the bottom of the garden in real life it
would look obvious through the lens it
would look like that
you said you using a second ones real
then yeah until 2006
it's before like people be facing
something YouTube so many so you show me
going again because why is become a
quality so bad oh it's no trouble but
there's a couple but but the thing is
with with all these things there's never
someone as always is it isn't it is that
there's never fucking oh that's obvious
there's always like oh you already see
it properly yes why it's how long this
is never just black and white
it's never oh that's a ghost a ghost so
we double it be a proven thing so you
don't buy much believe the video clip
before than this more yeah I'm the
officer if he's a youtuber and I know
teachers are like you know some comments
are saying many doubters here this is a
residual haunting activity can occur and
something traumatic such stressful
happens such as a murder or being killed
in more negative an answer
releasing out their blood whether I
wanted to believe this stuff like I went
to Savannah the most haunted city in
America come months ago and I did a
ghost tour I was really excited because
everyone was like yo this is the best
thing to do we did a walking one and
murder and it was one of the highly
highest-rated ones and I was so excited
for it
and honestly all he did told some really
interesting stories so when two
locations told stories knows that while
it's cool but then they were like we've
got actual paranormal proof to go along
with these because they go into these
areas and do like sleep ins and they
record stuff until they can get below
and then all they do is play you a sound
so they tell you the story then he has a
speaker puts it on his iPad and plays a
sound and the sound is a voice going
like I will kill you and things like
that and I'm sorry this how is this real
how can you prove is really this is just
a recording voice I could have recorded
that sound with my voice I'm just yeah I
think I kind of annoyed me a bit we're a
bit like is this really it I want to see
video evidence not just an audio clip so
there's two clips so far for you guys to
kind of chat about I honestly really
want to open this up to see your
opinions on paranormal activity and the
last clip we're going to be looking at
is the man himself
Lance your top quality youtuber really
struggling with paranormal activity
amount feel quite sort of him I'm not
subscribed to him but I have seen some
as videos and you look they have a
really tough time with ghosts and stuff
so let's have a look look at it see the
stuff that Lance is experiencing alright
guys that is going to wrap up today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
please hit that thumbs up button don't
forget to turn on my post notifications
and I will see you guys next time just
so similar to me because Mike's making
really weird noises and I look over
this is brilliant is that all those that
blinking you reckon he like googled what
to possess people do a characteristics
of a possessed person because I look at
the camera that is both possessed person
right there isn't it cool
really yes possession we're we're
handsome emo grunting late this is me at
about you
would you carry on filming and just
saying the person's name or would you
you know this is your partner or whether
would you sort of put the camera down
and you'd be like shaking them you'd be
like oh my god I'm not just glad I'm
going to wobble the camera good lads
make some bronze lads blink more Lance
way cool breezy literally possessed
right now exactly rate it is not the
less right now that's better like that's
what I'd like to see in this situation
and if it is I think she's she's doing
an absolutely stellar job of that oh and
I think you switches back to him to dust
again sorry I thought handle him
shopping she's a great writer it's nice
like a nice Rory
get this go get this guy film roll come
on look at that he pull I yeah I don't
Brit I can really use any more energy on
this that rounds up the clips should
Lance do it I would also love to know
your opinion on him maybe some of you
are huge fans of that kind of stuff
I don't watches other stuff that's
literally the only video I've seen so
I'm using that as my content and context
of what I'm saying but yeah what do you
guys think about paranormal activity as
a whole based on those three clips let's
have a conversation about it leave your
comments down below give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I'm sure
there's hundreds of more clips we can do
in research and look into so that could
be quite fun and I will see you guys
tomorrow with another video all right
goodbye go back the bacon baby
