morning what about perfect I've got
training this morning so I've run that
set of Drive misses a nice day where's
8:00 in the morning early award cannot
early from kids who live in the flat
above like running around man that was
all so sorry yeah got strain haven't
seen a trainer in a while so he won't be
too hot that workout was like hard we
didn't leave that much in terms of like
intense stuff but I don't know if it's
because my energy levels or because I
only woke up half before training and I
only had a protein shake my banana which
I don't know if that's like sufficient
but I know few interesting meeting it's
Dante my story of that but yeah I don't
know run home water walk home I'm in two
minds about what one I should do hmm I
might just walk I decided not to go with
home and instead rub myself with coffee
just an Americano from small-batch
coffee company which is a Brighton a
coffee place like thing so if you're in
Brighton you should check it out because
it's really good coffee
that's so I love this thing in the
kitchen now
I like spent all morning planning my
video not filming after lunch I'm just
bring some food some veg steaming and
chicken got some spinach I'm just
spinning in a good mood so hence for the
middle and dance first is currently
happening right now
hello hmm
there we a new video I'm not just doing
this for the fun of it but I'm doing
something a little bit different this
week you probably can't take me
seriously with this hairdo I got a new
hairstyle what would you do if this was
you know these kind of things came back
into fashion or if I was like you know
what guys I just think this is for me
this is the one this is why need in my
life this hell yes I'm telling you video
don't saying slightly different because
you know sometimes I just like to try
different things and see what people
think of them so this is one of those
things that will be really nervous about
looting because they don't their peeps
will like it and this is my other outfit
that I've just filmed in yeah filming is
an old man what do you think my upset
very old that's the idea see I just got
one more thing to film which I'm gonna
film tomorrow because I'm what time now
cuz I need to edit and then we're going
out for dinner but like this video is
gonna be so weird I'm so scared you guys
to see it so I've just uploaded my vlog
and reading through some of the comments
from yesterday when I called it you know
and we were with no me sister and called
having babies and bowl of a lot so many
people commenting stuff like oh it's so
weird and to think like my favorite
youtubers having families in the few
sure and can't wait friend blahblah
loose stuff like that and I was just
singing thinking how weird is it gonna
be in say but no five years time ten
years time when how different things
will be to now like in five years time
will I still be vlogging will I have a
family in five years time will I be
married in five years time like the
future is just a weird weird thing and
it excites me but scares me like five
years time five years ago I wasn't even
on YouTube I haven't even been on
YouTube for five years yet and to think
about the next five years is the
weirdest scariest most exciting thing
though cuz I don't know where it's gonna
go like imagine that in in five years
time will I still be on YouTube alright
I don't know I don't really know I'm
saying this to you either
I was just having a little bit of a fort
session but we are heading out in a
minute to go to dinner at launch of a
new place in a town proportion I might
have been there before when I flogged
actually I'm not sure no I'm not sure
and I've got these shoes on so I'm super
annoyed right oh did these shoes as you
guys know I put them in a pod yesterday
three months ago and they took so long
to come to custom made and they're for
America but all over right they're the
wrong size
they are slightly smaller size 9 in the
UK I ordered size 9 in UK they've come
size 9 in the US so my toe is broken
right at the end but back then right if
it's too small still wear it get the
pain hurt your toes I don't know I'm
gonna just try and man up and see if I
can wear them man Bob and Bob
man Bob you look very lovely smart oh
yes we're in Horsham they're going out
for dinner
am i late yeah 20 minutes late oh we
meet no miss family there and we're 15
minutes late but we've eaten once before
and it was amazing so we asked the
department don't know no no Bobby this
is where we going in like what I
remember what this is can you remember
it is a gin and a sock iced tea so gin
and iced tea which was two of my
favorite things like this photo were
they this is film worthy guys gently and
of course pine nuts way I think she's
trying to lane
not crying
thank you
beep you bring it here and it comes
right can you just let it go boy
first of all insulted
yes smells
what's the taste like mustard mustard
asabi yeah dinner was YUM
we've just got home because it was in
Horsham which is like half hour away
from Brighton and it's like half tall
and I'm super super tired something it's
better okay I love you guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow bye
