good morning I'm just about to head out
and do some stuff and but saw it open
this package that I had so that's my P o
box thing there and I haven't opened
stuff in ages it's just because that was
out in the corner of my room and I was
like mmm so I open this show not so open
their eyes out I don't when it was sin
but it's an award from sugar scape for
the best challenge videos Oh Ella and
Marcus Butler the accent challenge so
that's an award that I won from sugar
scape which is pretty cool I guess so
thanks guys so just being out and got
like a billion balls that's a massive
exaggeration well I got a lot of bulbs
that because we put so many lights that
need bulbs so so I get some we've got
like in the shop trying to decide on
what bulbs for about sorry about 15
minutes because I didn't have a clue yet
warm light or bright light or eco light
or other stuff um so I don't even know
if the bulbs that I got are gonna be
right bongs for the light so yes but I
have to wait and find out guys look at
this I've just come to put washer fluid
in my car lift it up my bonnet and there
is literally three snails just chillin
under the bonnet
but there's one there one there and one
there what the hell I need
I'm gonna plop you down there mister
this is how stupid parking and bright as
okay so you see this this side area this
is all parking spaces yeah and there's a
line this line here so fall on a part of
this side it costs me two pounds for two
hours if I want to park that side of the
line cost me six pounds for two hours my
car isn't gonna fit in that space they
don't write them Jeffrey will fit in
there no I'm not there
who's that but I know only that I then
go put put in there five pounds the last
pound the yes great this is boat my hug
the keys this is what you're gonna do
I'm gonna get it here right thanks
machine awesome luckily I've got a two
pound coin in my car so let's try this
two pounds okay
four five six
yeah yeah six pounds drive hot my turn I
think it's other than London yeah six
pounds equates to about ten or eleven
dollars which has parking so how does
that everywhere sorry I just thought I'd
front and October it's a piece of grass
how cool is this sofa today one of our
favorite restaurants called idea it's
like vegetarian vegan but look how good
this is I got sweet potato nuggets
quinoa greens for mess and then we got
pretty much the same as to be true
sorry about this
pick one up
it's like half the size of you you don't
figure
oh can we get 100 carry that round sorry
okay we'll come back
okay you ready guys look at this and
look ready three two one
yeah
should we get one for the leaves yeah we
do sometimes I've seen at least two and
I'll endorse that there's gonna be so
much time until now a month like
Minecraft it's not there is a lot
we're home Sarah yeah I really like
butter - butter
is this good if it is someone I don't
know what is over there like this better
Arbor John
I mean that's good uh is that better
and there is better
what is that what my hair is doing today
so whatevs but on what I have to and
says that when we were in Greece I got
into frat pays like iced coffee never
had them before as some of you know I've
only just recently got coffee so I
thought I'd take it upon myself to make
my own frappe iced coffee because we
have the newtripper bit so I was like
that must be perfect got coffee got ice
so I'm gonna try make my own
Macha no idea how it's gonna go but
thought I'd film it not film another
thing just show you the process
maybe that's what we've got in there no
idea how that's gonna go
it smells very weird we're gonna put it
on and blend it up I'm scared oh there's
a bit of a disaster I've done it and
it's just gone kind of slushy and I
think what you need to do is only put
two ice cubes in there to whizz it and
then put whole ice cubes in there
because you what this liquid yeah on
there try that again you're gonna throw
that away you can have that one this one
okay so we did it again now I'm going to
try that perfect amount to that that's a
good one
joking that's good so taste it yeah
again it's weird it's good jacket
tight is really good this one well now
we know how to do it I'm good yeah look
how cool this little thing is that this
radio thing then
NIMS got four like who got suits on
Christmas and we've never used a V we
set up dinner is ready and this is what
we got yeah
didn't really get that so one thing that
I go ahead and do which I said whilst I
was on holiday was minecraft Alfie
introduced it to me
I've obviously known as I've just never
played it before but I kind of got
really into it and I've started playing
it a lot and stuff so I just want to
show you this is like my little world
this is my house obviously I'm not very
good so don't sort of expect much I'm
trying to this one-handed this is my
chest with like my breast I think so the
move of what 9 Dimond which I don't
really not I'm gonna do yet with but I
think I'm gonna try and enchant stuff
with that literally I'm learning as we
go over here again on one hand it is
stay away don't even know if you're
interested in this I've got my whole
mind I've got one mine over there with
those torches off basically throws I
don't understand the game you're put
into this random world and you have to
survive so you're given no resources and
you stop your hands and you have to find
food you have to cook yourself and you
have to mine goods to create cool stuff
like houses and bla bla bla bla but
nighttime comes and there's zombies and
people that try and kill you so go stay
away from that but um I'm just having so
much fun playing it so it might be
something that I want to do when I stop
my gaming channel which is officially
happening by the way so do any of you
guys play Minecraft or would you like to
see me play minecraft I don't know but
let me know in the comments what your
thoughts are good night
I'm sleepy 1 so I'm gonna go to bed got
an early start tomorrow
it's got a very exciting meeting
potentially very exciting meeting in
London with Alfred Joe and Caspar so
that should be a fun day but yeah I'm
gonna go grab some Z's question what
time do you guys go to bed there we go
it is
11:47 and that for me is probably
average time not busy not that specific
but between like half eleven and half
twelve is probably like my average time
and then I'd probably wake up average
time around 8:00 yeah about hey hey hey
so yeah let me know what time you go to
bed anyway
bye
