hello this is really weird because I'm
making a video where it feels like this
is a main channel video and I've got a
tripod but I've only got my little
camera not a big camera and it's not
fancy and I don't have liked him so this
is a bit weird but yeah as some of you
should know I'm away right now
but I can't have an idea that I wanted
to post some kind of like and fight
stuff to kind of try and help because
there's so many young people out there
when I say young people I mean there's a
lot of younger people than me watching
my videos and always ask me for advice
and help and stuff like this so I
thought if I could just voice an opinion
where I can help or shed some advice
then it might help some of you it might
not but yeah so I've wanted to talk
about if you didn't guess already but I
love this video going back to school and
just advice on that now before I start I
don't want this video to have a lot of
cuts I want it to feel very natural and
organic which is very different to use
your stuff I do because it's there's not
gonna be any jump cuts and well that's
why I'm hoping anyway but we'll see
so yeah going back to school now going
back to school can be one of the most
daunting things that you can ever feel
personally like I remember the night
before going back to school I used to
like not want that day to come we used
to stay up late I didn't want to go to
bed I used to dread going in like you've
spent more six seven eight
some people have 12 weeks off without
seeing the majority of people in that
school and you have to go back get back
into your school reality of learning and
teachers and all that kind of stuff but
what I want to say first about that is
there's a drill going on so awesome
great is home hard enough this is gonna
sound rubbish now with this drill you're
just gonna have to bear with me I'll try
and speak a bit louder but the first
thing I want to say is like it's really
not that bad like when you get to school
you're often like this
I've got school I was like oh why was I
so nervous about coming back to school
it's not that much of a big deal like
you see some of your friends that you
haven't seen in ages you meet up with
your friends that you come out with in
the summer or you go to a completely new
school or a new class and you meet a
whole bunch of new people which can also
be a very scary situation and
environment to be in
I when I was in year eight had to get
move sizing the clutter near eight with
an O in Year seven so I was 12 and I was
with all my best friends in that class
victory there was only two classes in my
school so we're already close and stuff
like that and then this new class they
created this new class because more
people when it's come to school and this
new class was full of all brand-new
pupils so nobody else in the school like
these will new pupils coming in at my
age who are going to become part of our
year and for some reason and I still
don't really understand now why but I
had a meeting with my head of year at
that point and they were like yep so
we're gonna move you from your class
that you're really happy and into this
brand new class with nobody you know
because you getting distracted hope
that's all right and I was kind of a bit
like well no that's not really alright
you know I was really happy with all my
friends and now you're putting me into
this new class where I don't know anyone
and I'm not gonna be with my friends
anymore and blah blah blah blah so
obviously when I knew that was gonna
happen that was I definitely did not
want to go back to school why would I
want to go back to school with not my
best friends that and there will have
all their lessons and be having fun and
a lot kind of stuff but turned out that
it was great because yeah I was nervous
and yeah I didn't want to go there but
when I did get there everybody around me
had never met anyone before so I was
kind of in the same situation that
everyone in that class was then so I
wasn't the only one that was like oh no
like this is weird
so that was kind of nice because it
meant that everybody just spoke to
everybody everybody wanted to make
friends with someone so if you're going
to a new school and you're gonna be a
new classroom loads of other people I
guarantee
every single other person will be going
through the same feelings that you're
going through and that first day is
really important to just speak to people
get to know people because some of your
best friends can be made in school like
I have a group of friends so I've got my
youtube friends but then I've got a
group of my like school friends who I
literally grew up with from school and
we're still friends now and I made
friends with those people at school
because of going to talk to them or
hanging out with them or taking part in
activities so don't be scared to go and
talk to people especially if you're in
that situation however there may be some
of you that are going to go to school
where it's just you that's going to a
new school like you're going into a
brand new environment where everybody
knows everyone and that can be so so
scary for some people fathers it may be
very exciting it depends on the person
but the advice that I'd give on
something like that is to go in and
literally be yourself there's gonna be
people that are gonna want to talk to
you because you'll be the new person so
when new people came into our cast
everyone being treat where did you come
from where do you live like what school
did you go to and all that kind of stuff
then and you start talking about mutual
friends or interests that you have
sports whatever activities kind of thing
and then you can just start building the
relationships there so as daunting as
your first day back going to new school
meeting new people can be if you go into
the positive outlook then if you go to
most about look if you don't talk with a
positive marking fell off for me it was
devout look from it so yeah that's kind
of tip number one I guess this is really
weird we still talking because I haven't
obviously edited anything I'm not doing
jump cuts so I'm just gonna keep going
with the flow um well I won't talk about
taking part in activity so when I was at
school I made a lot of friends not even
made a lot of friends met a lot of
people from taking part in activities
I do after-school sports I used to do
judo football basketball table tennis I
I just wanted to take part in activities
to meet new people and just have fun
like I didn't want to go home and do my
homework I'd rather stay the extra hour
after school and take part some kind of
sporting activity or we're at a pond
sometimes we have to be singing after
school which was not great because I
can't sing but that's another great way
to meet people because if there's
something that you like say you're into
dancing say you're into design and
there's after-school classes of these
you're gonna meet people who have that
similar interest so especially if you're
going to a new place there were a new
school I'd recommend looking at
activities and stuff because that way
you know you're gonna be surrounding
yourself by people who at least a
passionate about one thing which you can
obviously start conversation about what
I don't know
so that'd be tip number two what my
other tips
oh yeah well I've covered this before in
lots of videos like boolean and that
cunning is a huge topic way bigger than
this video if I did make a dedicated
video on bullying I'll put a link down
there on my main channel if any of you
want to check out you might seen already
but to cover it briefly wherever you go
there's always gonna be some sort of
bullying fear you're going to a new
school and someone bullies you for the
way you look or the way you talk or how
you dress like there's always gonna be
somebody that you're not gonna get on
with or that's just out to try and get
you wherever you go where this goes
outside of school as well this is
general life as well so yeah it's much
bigger than this video but simple tips
would be a lot of the time bullies are
going through a very hard time
themselves they're very they can be very
insecure about things which is why they
feel reason to take things out on other
people
so as hard as it sounds and I know it
can be try and be like the bigger person
by not like giving back what you get
because that to your on stones all right
very cliche but that kind of is true
like you you don't know what they're
going through and yeah it's not right
that they should be bullying you but if
you don't listen to them and if you
don't acknowledge them then they're
gonna get bored of bullying you because
the reason they want to bully you is
because they want to get something out
of you whether that's a fight whether
that's a reaction but if they don't get
that then they're gonna think oh well
this is no fun building this person is
there and then they stop they might stop
bullying you so that's probably like the
biggest advice I can give towards that
but like I said I've done a whole video
on that anyway so go cover go cover go
check the link out in description if you
want the other thing I was gonna say is
like with school you can make some of
your best friends at school like best
friends so don't take for granted the
people that you meet at school because
even now you like you see people that
you went to school if I'll see people
that I went to school in the street and
you don't speak to them whereas at
school you might be like all quite good
friends but when you see them now five
years on whatever you just don't speed
them because you don't have a connection
you know switch them in five years that
for me is quite sad and weird to think
that so the reason I'm saying this here
is that maybe don't just like take
advantage of all of the people you're
with school is one of those times where
when you're there you don't realize how
good school can actually be and I'm
saying it's because you can be with your
best friends like every single day
pretty much yeah you have to learn yeah
you're in lessons but you are hanging
out with essentially some of your best
friends every single day and that can be
taken for granted like now me and my
friends talk about it we're like when
you think about it at school we used to
have
every single day play football at break
sit and chat a break you don't get to do
that any other time than when you're at
school I might see all my group of
friends like what once every two weeks
what note all together probably once a
month that's nothing compared to what we
like at school so don't take for granted
like having the ability to hang out and
have all your peers and friends with
your one moment in time the other thing
I can say about missing school is school
I don't know a lot of people can hate
school but I miss school now and one of
the main reasons like when I tell in
this school I don't necessarily miss the
learning and the studying but what I
just talked about the ability to hang
out with all your friends your best
friends oh yeah that's another thing I'd
say I also don't want to ramble I'm just
gonna see how long I've been filming for
oh yeah 13 minutes already cool I'll
maybe finish this off with like don't
stress out too much about school and
again I have done a whole video on
dealing with pressure on my main channel
I'll put a link in the description but
school puts you under a lot of pressure
some of the time to succeed and get good
grades and do well in life which is of
course important like to get good grades
is important but I don't want you to be
watching this and this is probably good
because the sign of the film this is the
time everybody's getting their GCSE
results and a level results and stuff
like that which I don't know what you
call them in other countries like your
finals and stuff like that I guess but
don't think about your exams too much
don't when you're studying at school and
doing your homework don't think oh my
god I have to work 17 hours a day on my
work otherwise I'm not gonna get an A
like oh my god
yeah it's important to work hard but
it's also very important to have fun and
have a social life and do things you
enjoy like what's the what's the point
in stressing through life if you're not
gonna do something you enjoy like yeah
you've got to work hard
yeah it's important to get good grades
but the most important thing is to make
sure you're having fun by doing
something that you enjoy so whether that
is washer at school and you've got
everything going on playing music
whether it's listening to music whether
it's going to the cinema
watching films watching TV doing
something active going for walks I don't
know whatever your interests RVs maybe
just make sure you don't stop them
whilst everything's going on with school
and exams and stuff because I know a lot
of people who including myself we've had
hobbies and for whatever reason they've
stopped them and now they're not they
regret it basically me with gymnastics I
did gymnastics for ten years got bullied
for it stopped it because I was getting
bullied and I thought oh yeah I'll just
listen to the bullies and stop turn a
stick that will stop them taking the
piss out of me
so yeah probably rambling off point a
bit here but that's kind of you know
still if there's something you enjoy
doing don't stop it and if you're
stressing with school make sure you
still do things that you find enjoyable
and you may not know what those things
are like I want to make this video to
challenge you if you don't know what
they are to find something that you do
like doing so try new things you know go
to a music class at school try a new
class at school I don't know
after-school class and new activity
something if you're not sure on what it
is you like doing yeah I feel like I've
rambled so much in this video I don't
even know what it's gonna come across
like because I haven't done a single cut
so sorry
if it's been extremely boring but I
don't know how we're gonna do is if you
guys well if you guys liked this and
would like more kind of
sit down no cuts advice kind of stuff
then let me know in the comments and I
hope this video has been able to help
some of you I realized not every single
person watch this video is going to
school college university or whatever
but I feel like some of the things I
said can maybe apply to careers or jobs
if there's older people to watch but I
don't know but yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow for a proper vlog I guess so
yeah bye
