what is that second uh things that they
in truth like that hi hello so this is a
little bit different because this is
more like a sit-down the than a daily
vlog because I'm a whole day as I've
said every video so far but I wanted to
do like a really really relaxed Q&A
because I feel like when I do a Q&A on
my main channel it's more funny and
jokin ha ha ha ha and but I wanted this
to be like chill and answered questions
with actual proper sentences and stuff
and so in my previous book I asked for
you guys to put your questions in and
whatever so you've done that and I'm
just gonna go through I'm gonna go
through and read some and on some I'm
going into year 9 which means I'm
starting my GCSEs and I'm not prepared
at all any advice um you don't really
have to prepare for them when I was at
school they kind of set you into it
really nicely so it wasn't like food
Jesus easy oh my god so much work it was
just like oh this isn't as hard as I
thought it's gonna be so don't stress
about that when your pillow is coming
out and so I cushions I have a
merchandise store as some you may know
and I've been working on some cushions
that are gonna be coming out soon
hopefully within the next few weeks and
they're really cool and I love them and
I really hope you guys like them as well
but you're just gonna have to wait a
little bit longer to see those but they
all come in what's it like living
without my parents the good things and
the bad things so the good things is its
freedom like this is literally my house
I can do what I want which is very very
amazing we're very very scary for very
scary thought a very scary thought so
it's cool because yeah you have your own
space and you can do it you want and you
don't
have to be told what to do but the bad
thing is you have to do things like
you're cooking you're watching you're
tidying you're cleaning all the small
things that you forget that your parents
do or they get done in your family
household all of a sudden that all falls
onto your shoulders when you move house
so I guess it is just part of growing up
really what did I take my GCSEs and
a-levels and what did I get so for my
GCSEs
I took what do I take so obviously
English literature and language maths
slided double science that counts us to
geography Spanish and PPE and ICT so I
did 90 cc's and I got an A in PE I got B
in geography being Spanish being English
Lit the English land being maths
and then I got si an ICT and took and
two more seasoned old signs so I ended
up with 185 fees and three C's and my
GCSEs and in my a-levels what I think my
head of what I took business or my first
year I did geography accounting
psychology and PA and I got a you in
geography which is when you don't even
get a grade because I hated it so much
so I picked business up and I ended up
getting an A in business a see an
accountant a C in psychology and a CMP a
but I was one of those people that
didn't really take exam seriously so I
never really studied or thought oh I'm
gonna have to study really hard for this
I did study obviously but I didn't ever
like I was just stupid and didn't study
any I barely studied for these exams for
GCSEs and a-levels and I know I could
have done a lot better in my exams
because the results were with my
studying and I know I could have done a
lot better but no regrets no an outlet
I just didn't really focus on school and
stuff like that I was more interested in
YouTube or not to college if I'm gonna
be completely honest what's your biggest
fear besides wasps and bees I have a
couple so one would be gained an
incurable disease and the other is not
being able to have kids because of life
since I've been young that's always just
been like a fear of mine Wow is that
fair yeah I guess it's a worry because a
lot of kids on there if YouTube wasn't
an option what would you be doing right
now I would have been in right now so I
would be at university right now because
like got into university but then I
didn't go or I'd still be in my old job
which was selling software I ran a
software company so probably something
like that if you got a cat you have any
idea what you've named that um I don't
really know what I'd name a cat I did I
did like the idea of Podrick
you know you're just like pod what
inspired you to become a youtuber now
truthfully you guys because the first
clients I was ever getting in the first
views people were commenting saying make
another video this was on my first video
I want to see more of you make your own
channel and that is what you know
essentially motivated me because I only
put my first video out there because
some of you guys if you're still
watching we're asking for it and that's
what got me started and kept me going
and going because more I put out there
the more people wanted more and gave me
ideas and stuff so you guys want to
inspire me do you think that you're
intelligent um no not particularly
I'm not I'm not well intelligence is a
funny word because you can apply that to
many different things
am i academically intelligent
am i academically intelligent am i
academic
no not really I'm not one of those
people that's naturally very good with
exams in school but then I'd say I have
quite good business knowledge and I'm
intelligent in that kind of area so I
guess it depends on where you're going
with that
what's your healthy eating tips so this
is it could take ages but if I was gonna
say some really simple healthy eating
tips it would be choose three things if
you're trying to like change your diet
or ever to cut out and just stick with
those three things to be able to mine
most fizzy drinks so you should drink a
lot of fizzy drinks I'd have two a day
so I just wanted to cut that number down
I always the crisps every day so I used
to have like two or three back to Chris
today and the other was like bread so I
still have bread now but I'll have rye
bread or spelt bread and stuff like that
so I choose three and stick with those
and then trying to you just progress
this a massive learning curve health and
fitness so yeah it's taken me about a
year to get to where I am now and I'm
still learning stuff now so those are
probably my first dates do you ever
regret sharing so much with your life
with the internet that's a very good
question um it's there's not really
anything that I've regretted because if
I regretted it I wouldn't do it but I
think it's really kind of cool that to
think you know in 5-10 years time when I
have kids and stuff I'll be a with if
I'm still doing it it's like literally a
video diary of my life so in five years
time I'll have all this footage of all
this crazy stuff that I've done that's
happened to me and it's all like on
YouTube May and watch of all I guess
it's a really good fun a memory
but at the same time is weird how
involve people and get especially with
the books because I am literally sharing
my life with you and I guess some of you
might feel like part of that which is
really cool but it can be really weird
sometimes
so yeah which people got juice for I
have done since I was a kid because my
family didn't my dad did so that's what
this is a good question did it take Nami
a while to get used to your youtuber
life very good question it I'm gonna say
yes because it would take anybody a
while to get used to youtuber lifestyle
because the amount Oh first where you
have to get it which i think is the
hardest thing when you explain to anyone
you parents people you meet teachers
even some of your friends like no matter
how much you explain it and they just
don't get it so the first thing is
getting it which yeah took her a while
as it would take anyone a while but then
after that when she was at university I
tried to convince her to stop blogging
because I she's massively into fashion
and always has been and works my shoe
shop and I just thought it'd be a good
kind of Avenue for jewelry like me a job
and borrow a lot so I guess learning
blogging was kinda similar to YouTube
that's so different at the same time so
I guess blogging helped her gain an
understanding of YouTube but then when
we were like look let's actually start
your YouTube channel like it would be
really cool to do that yeah have your
own ideas about Firefox but you're
obviously gonna get it straight away
because she herself became a youtuber so
yeah it did take a while to East to my
youtuber life and hers now but we're
here now and we're happy so yeah and on
that note I'm just gonna end this really
chilled simple
to an a if you guys would like more of
these in the future then let me know
because one is a way for me to interact
with you guys in a different way to my
main channel and yeah just let me know
if you enjoyed it give the video a
thumbs up and I will see you guys
tomorrow so bye
