good morning good morning how you doing
today how are you doing I'm going to
have Apple uh-huh
and Apple these are really good apples
by the way so I shouted E and we've
already been to the gym today
it's cool I'm about to drop know me into
town she's going to lunch with her
friend and then I've got lots of editing
to get on me um so yeah I know I'm gonna
get a haircut when I drop all my hair
off so just be fun
who rang for lunch aunty I'm about to
watch Taylor Swift's new music video
because I've seen so many people talking
about how its controversial or some
people really love it or the music video
specifically is supposedly controversial
that's what I've heard anyway so I
thought I'd watch it and I've watched
like a minute already and I haven't
really thought hang so I'm just gonna
watch and to my fans this kind of
typical Taylor Swift is know do you guys
like Taylor Swift I'm sure something you
do I'm sure some you don't I feel like
she's very Marmite Oh play that trumpet
I mean a lot of people are comparing
Taylor Swift to mine aren't they but no
not really
I mean Miley Cyrus video came out and
just literally like blew everyone's mind
from this Disney sweetheart to like hey
I'm the new Miley now tailless that
didn't really do that for me on video um
I can see why something you may have
found it offensive in parts the song
yeah spreading a good message but um I
don't know it's just another pop song
really isn't it but yeah what did you
think of the song I don't know I've
tasted like a review Oh welcome to more
Marcus music reviews okay so I am off
into town why does fool around in a
circle to go get my hair cut
I need to run in cookies town to pick up
some bedding and get some stuff a
holiday like Sun cream and you know
toiletries and stuff and I think you're
going to pop back to my family home and
to Mum and see the cats and just hang
out for a little bit and then come back
to edit more or directing gosh I get my
head shaved no I'll try and do a before
and after shot so this is me before and
then you'll see a shot on the after and
this is the outcome I'm very hot from
walking top or your red face but we
can't even see because the light um yeah
it's very sure and it's not started how
I usually start except just my
hairdressers
so yeah maybe a bit different but I'll
probably shower at home because I hate
off the header so you just get really
hairy and stuff but yeah I'll give you
yeah I don't know if you like books said
you probably can't even see it and I'm
just having one of these bounce um this
is a new one I try cashew and pecan so
good if you haven't tried one you should
really recommend a good English alright
when you try them they're just pretty
good full of good ingredients and good
source of protein hashtag not sponsored
yeah hunger telecourse is boiling I
don't know if you can see my hair better
in this light than when I was in the car
yeah this is a hair
I'm trying it moaning in a mum I say I
am once say hellish he can be skip
is he on then we're hello
oh mighty come on man
hello have you missed me mouse why'd you
look so scared
come on Mouse come on
Oh Mickey I miss you you little leopard
don't she look like a little leopard
Merlin don't you walk away from me boy
youhad this dogs that's all like that
he's going in the catflap shun all the
way inside after all of that I can carry
mr. light
Oh
she doesn't like being coddled oh so I
want to go man
ah merlyn's come straight in to eat
haven't yet you gonna let me pick you up
now yeah you miss me hmm
do you think he's miss me no yeah you
guys know it's me that he no no it
hasn't missed you too
yeah it doesn't even want to be coddled
by you he just wants food one you stir
head the camera
oh boy sheesh
you're more interesting so we're here in
Palmyra Square it's so lovely here it's
like one of my favorite roads and areas
in Brighton especially when the
weather's nice then a time what have we
got NIM Bob you've got your steak your
garlic and corn on the cob with oh this
is gonna be a long one quinoa and
buckwheat Oh with a smashed avocado
sun-dried tomatoes olives asparagus
green beans Wow vegetable stock chilli
garlic
what forgetting something Zenith fallen
over sir oh it's para Gus think
looks amazing and also look like Shambo
chandelier did you show them your hair
yeah I don't know if they like it though
do you like yeah hey guys time for a
little fashion catwalk excuse me I
bought some songs and stuff because we
are on holiday so I wanted to kind of
show it to you three things this is
first then shut it's cooler than that
little short sleeve and the collar is
kind of cool
that's my shirt Nym Bob approves new
plumber this is just a plain gray
t-shirt but it's cool because it's like
nice fitting on the arms and stuff but
it's really like baggy I really like
that shape it's nice it's cool isn't
very nice shape I bet Tyler would fancy
so much right now this is ridiculous so
guys buttons popping it said on the
website that the model was six foot two
and he wore media I'm six foot one and
this is the media you didn't look like
that a lot ridiculous like this time
this is the next one this is very nice
it's what thin John part I really like
it although it's making me really sad
that we're buying jumpers now yeah I
know it's all good man and this has well
would you guys think this half so I wore
it on a shoe that's coming out Seventeen
magazine a couple months your is it that
exact one no similar on
the shoots with funny of my hair my hair
and restyle why I really like the unlike
gold and logo thing on out on the side
and this is the last shirt blue short
sleeve things good read about that but
humming good funny or bad funny
wait what's weird for me different make
room my head I'm a sauce sharpie my
head's more important so I went back
home today as you guys saw and I saw my
cats and it's made me money get cat
again and I spoke to mom about it and
she was like well if you're really
seriously thinking about that then yeah
oh my god no I'm watching the catwalk
okay we're talking about white or my so
cold isn't it we're talking about cats
so we're gonna get a cat and the cat
that are ready for is mhm Berman I don't
know if you guys have seen them oh my
god
snow look up and Berman guys look up of
Berman cat they're too cool this car yes
a look at Berman and was it's gonna say
yeah would you guys think because the
problem with having cat here is we live
in a flat so we don't have like a garden
space but we do have a door that goes up
with a fire escape and but we've got
sure but we can put a cat flap in the
door and then the cat can go out down
the stairs and into the like the garden
drive the like area
but yeah that's the only kind of slide
 stop you're so irritating
but that's what I keep pushing you up so
yeah do you do any of you cat peeps
think that would be a problem for the
cat even that cancer go outside and yeah
what do you think should we get a cat or
should we not get a cat let me know what
do you think get a cat on objects and on
that note I'm gonna end this for kid say
goodbye
