moody sorry I didn't finish the blog
last night I don't know I'm apologizing
because when do I haven't finished what
they write but really my camera battery
died so after dinner we basically went
back to the party game and just got a
text back with Zoe
so yeah apologies
Benny oh yeah I'm heading off to gym
this morning and then what I got going
on today um lots bits and bobs lots of
filming probably lots of editing but
first of all I need to take all that
down you just have it on the mirror
arrived it's the thing when you move
house you order so much stuff and get so
much stuff and some of the stuff you and
once like forget about and then it's
like oh yep
delivery oh yeah delivery like every
other day and you're like oh kind of
forgot about that um but yeah I still
haven't changing the stuff so I'll show
you this stuff at some point I've got no
me step granddad said grandfather yeah
coming around in a minute who's like
really hands-on DIY stuff and he's just
gonna help put some stuff up like this
is a new mirror that we got for example
which probably is gonna go up there and
things like hook that on the wall up
there and drill that mirror in and maybe
put off chandeliers up and fix our
kitchen tap because our tap is broken I
have ever shown you yes so every time
you turn the water on
just leaks out here he goes everywhere
and so we had to get a new tap so he's
gonna put that in I can't do that kind
of stuff like I'm good at lifting stuff
and carrying stuff for movies up but
actually drilling holes and moves and
nails and don't get me started on that
just commando and the nets to grab my
stuff some lunch yeah I love that -
lunch it's so good so and so from down
here cheddar
no whipped up this ice creams homemade
ice cream the other day what is that
it's not cream it's vegan is he actually
just coconut milk and mango bananas and
pineapple like juiced up with some dates
and then just frozen because we had
loads of them sparingly for me yeah from
the from the videos that you'll see next
week but it's really good
his name is poured out and it's like
what a fraud so he - left it there about
half now a nice
delish okay so I have just finished
filming one of my other you wanna see I
don't know if I do want to show you that
actually basically I've got this black
board here which is really really cool I
got it the other day to do all my like
note-taking on and stuff like that so
let me just get the pen but what's so
cool about it is yeah I was like I was
like yeah I could get a normal white
board with black pens but I was like you
know what I fancy saying different
something that's gonna make me want to
use it and just because it's black and
it has a white pen that
why should I say I love your
sexy face
there yeah that really pleases me it's
really cool and that's probably really
sad but the reason I'm saying that is
because I have my schedule down there
for the videos on filming next week and
one of them is like an advice I
literally sat here and chatted for like
17 minutes straight with no cuts about a
topic that I wanted to talk about so you
will see that next week at some point
don't know if I've told you guys well
I'm doing yeah but today is really cool
and exciting because I'm hosting a
private screening of the new film if I
stay with Chloe grace Moretz right oh I
think my taxis outside pretty sure I
just see my taxi um members are sat
there working away working working
working working and she can't come with
me is that taxi and that is my taxi that
is here so yeah I'm going up tonight
I'll tell you more about on the way but
that's why I'm going now
look I'm in London yeah
it's not raining it's actually really
nice here in Brighton it was horrible
and marina fun in the car on the way to
host this private screening that I was
kind of telling you about earlier but
then it got car so yeah basically all
brothers have invited me to host a
private screening for if I stay a new
film coming out based off of the book
and I got to like invite 60 of my
viewers to come and watch it with me and
they will get a free copy of the book
and
a little like to be in green section
like that so it should be kind of cool
and we're on our way there now where I'm
at guys we made we're in their studios
it's official
that was fun just did like the meetup
first about 60 people in front of here
and also if this dude who watching me
but now we're about to go much the film
I'm really excited to film but I've got
then do like a speech in front o succeed
Cooper's website so this is the
screening room that I said that I was
coming to and I'm standing at the front
hair it sounds really quiet but I'm
actually talking from like 60 people so
we're all about to watch the film and I
think everyone's really excited so I'll
tell you how it is after
so I'm now back in my car off of the
film and hanging with you guys now the
film honestly was really really good it
was so fun been able to host like the
private screening and get to hang out
with some of you guys who came along to
watch jet but the film was really really
good really really emotional I think 90%
in there 9/10 of people and they cried
but yeah it was really good and if you
guys want to say it's out one the 29th I
think so I recommend you guys there
anyway
but yeah I'm back in the car you guys
gave me so many things like when I get
home look at that that's insane
really really good drawer and I also got
a box of chocolates from someone with
something sweet so I'm gonna dig in and
see if they've got some dollar chocolate
something about show the rest of stuff
from your home so I'm finally back home
I don't know she knows there's been a
last clip in the taxi probably came
across very very awkward because I got
in the taxi and I just flicked the light
on because it was dark and started
vlogging and I text driver was almost
like what the hell is that guy doing
just looking to himself and filming it
on me nevertheless what you have to do
for vlogging but just got home and like
I said I'd open some of this stuff so
first of all I showed you that picture
earlier which is awesome I'm just gonna
open my letters like we've got a lot of
letters from you guys tonight which is
really cool look at that that's really
cool and you will write really like
sweet messages and stuff so yeah I'm
gonna read through these letters and
then probably better cuz I'm pretty
tired so hope you guys enjoyed this
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you tomorrow
oh look someone got me a bandana a red
one red selecting fav color bandana and
this feels really really nice like
material thank you those of the sons
draw me with my punk blue hair my blue
hair normal and me as a punk for ya
Thank You who's this one from what
different say oh yeah it does there's a
whole letter this was from jasmine
- Marcus please can you open on camera
for you G love I'm gonna read your
letter Chloe
