morning Alfie's asleep because well it's
Alfea we said we'd wake up then we
didn't say we wake up we said we go to
breakfast meet for breakfast at 10:00
which obvious it is and of course
alfea's not here because it's Alfea so
I'm gonna go and try and wait mabye just
banging on his door because I'm really
hungry
and I don't really want to eat breakfast
alone because I just don't really want
to do that so I'm gonna go try and wake
him up and drag his ass to breakfast
because that boy sleeps too much I
managed to wake this knob jockey up by
banging on his door and remember break
first it's good very long but English
time she's an hour behind so I said of
course we're left and bottom chord again
and yeah we always head off to games can
to play some games Germany yeah that's
what we're going to do
yeah that sounds German
no okay so we're just function some
viewers just so it's about jump into
camp and they gave me this and they
about record
just gonna open it it feels a bit like a
book they're gonna be like the German oh
that's the that's the cathedral that we
went watch yesterday and the bridge yeah
yeah yeah yeah thanks very much
yeah we made it this place looks she
Justice Kennedy's answer hopefully be
coming to see what it's all about
there's an actual scope on
fucking get up and then you can do I can
do better
this little stairs know about skating
right
so that hilarium is just one hole out of
life
20 or something and each one's bigger
and more people and they're walking
towards like the main gaming one now and
there's too many people really and this
is only about the trade day no even when
you as me
general public and stop my diets now
this looks
get your triple screen out boy go on
sweaty dovey
keen on
which is more alive
Alfie's found his favorite game of the
day so far it's really getting into the
spirit of it really really tapping away
there on that keyboard it's really
feeling the dynamics and how the game
flows through different different
Aviation's a very fascinating
fascinating timeframe right now this is
how the cool kids wear their rucksacks
one my alpha tattle
sure
Fedora notices had to walk up the stairs
to see of that restaurant open we can
get shot and my to do a walk of shame
all the way down the stairs
no one likes you
we are intoxicated the world
so this is a German a cologne thing or
it games come and sit there but
everywhere we've gone no one is still
water or it's very very rare to have
still water which it's okay I don't mind
a sparklemore here or there I like every
drinking you get it's like a sparkling
then Alphaeus like I don't wanna analyze
I subtract this much
four year ago by Paraguayan any busy one
still so born a produce
every so often wait until probably about
three hours I finally gotten to FIFA I'm
gonna play Josh a little bit of a FIFA
pro as he tells me it's a lot but it's
good so it could be adjusted battle keep
you guys updated
there's divas Barcelona so I'm not
losing to Josh 3-1 but I did give him
three penalties which is good too yeah
it will in the space of five minutes
like that's not cool so I think I said
to them
Alf you wanna played Sims how a Sims man
literally plants it because the exposure
awesome
let's assume supposed to show your
powers answer you know they go they like
this game I'm so excited I'm so excited
to start they're not my on my game in
general
yeah you guarantee their hockey should
make a gaming channel he wants to do on
this channel but I think a separate
channel should be no I'm undecided
yeah I know slash marks but the games so
we've left games come that's the only
day we're attending but it was so much
better than what I thought it was gonna
be I wasn't really sure what to expect
but it was great I forgot to play a new
fee forgot to play card I've got to play
those other stuff and see loads of stuff
I mean that's cool people start look
good
but now because the hotel internet sucks
balls we are off to a cafe where people
say there's fast internet so we're gonna
sit outside the camp here because the
cafe shops now sure they're apparently
shot well shots in 10 minutes so we have
to sit up against the window and use
their fast internet but little
scavengers but if that means that gets
the video up and that's all it really
matters so both of our videos are off to
go into the cafe and superfast internet
which is awesome and now we off to like
an Xbox dinner where the loads of other
youtubers I think from all around the
world which should be interesting
apparently the food's gonna be really
really that's what I was trying to
joining my
you can tell from the color of my
cheetah but extremely hot or just have
been so much the comments the house s
just because I don't really appreciate
it but it's so romantic
Oh
my train
justice for the Ignite of me inside
sniffles
if you can see me but um yeah months
come to an end always say I'm about to
get into bed I'm probably have some you
time yeah let me know if you would like
to know I'm not gonna start that whole
game you cannot name basically I am
starting a gaming channel I'll keep you
in the loop especially after coming to
games fun so yeah anyway I love his six
phases and I'll see you guys tomorrow
